1492
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2,
Mr. Hickey, their Chief Clerk, notifying the
House that that body had passed bills of the fol-
lowing titles, in which he was directed to ask the
concurrence of the House:
An act (No. 29) for the relief of Arthur Edwards
and his associates;
An act (No. 30) for the relief of Sheldon Mc-
Knight;
An act (No. Ill) for the relief of Aaron H.
Palmer;
An act (No. 114) for the relief of R. P. Blocker,
E. J. Gurley, and J. P. Davis;
An act (No. 221) for the relief of A. T. Spencer
and Gordon S. Hubbard;
An act (No. 224) for the relief of the heirs-at-
law of the late Abigail Nason, sister and devisee
of John Lord, deceased;
An act (No. 62) to amend the " Act to incorporate
the Provident Association of Clerks in the Civil
Departments of the Government of the United
States, in the District of Columbia;"
An act (No. 66) to authorize the extension and
use of a branch of the Alexandria, Loudoun, and
Hampshire railroad, within the city of George-
town;
An act (No. 200) directing the conveyance of a
lot of ground for the use of the public schools of
Washington city;
An act (No. 233) for the relief of Alice Hunt,
widow of Thomas Hunt;
An act (No. 250) for the relief of Kate D.Tay-
lor, widow of the late Brevet Captain Oliver H.
P. Taylor; and
An act (No. 252) to incorporate the Grand
Lodge of the Independent Order of Odd Fellows
of the District of Columbia.
And also, that the Senate had ordered the print-
ing of the following documents:
Message of the President of the United States,
communicating, in answer to a resolution of the
Senate, a report of the Secretary of the Navy, ac-
companied by copies of instructions given to of-
ficers of the United States naval forces on the
coasts of Mexico to protect the persons and prop-
erty of the citizens of the United States, and cop-
ies of the official reports of Captain Jarvis and
Commander Turner of the capture of two Mex-
ican war steamers, and the causes which led to
said capture; and report of the Secretary of War,
communicating, in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate, a copy of the memorial of Brevet
Lieutenant Colonel B. S. Roberts, relating to a
reorganization of the militia of the United States.
mileage of members of congress.
Mr. ASHMORE,from the Committee on Mile-
age, madcanadverse report on the bill (II. R. No.
71) to reduce the compensation and mileage of
Senators, Representatives, and Delegates in Con-
gress; which was referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. ASIIMORE also, from the same commit-
tee, made an adverse report on a bill (H. R. No.
69) to reduce the compensation of members of
Congress, and to regulate the mileage; which was
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
leave to withdraw.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to withdraw the resolution I
reported a few moments ago, for the benefit of the
American Board of Commissioners for Foreign
Missions.
Leave to withdraw was granted.
executive communications.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Pres-
ident of the United States, transmitting a report
of the Secretary of War, with its accompani-
ments, communicating the information called for
by the resolution of the House of Representa-
tives of the 1st instant, concerning the difficulties
on the southwestern frontier; which was laid on
the table, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a communication from the Secretary of
the Interior, transmitting the information called
for by a resolution of the House of Representa-
tives of the 14th ultimo, in respect to the accounts
of Charles W. Pine, late United States marshal,
and Henry S. Pitch, United States district attor-
ney, of the northern district of Illinois; which
was laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a communication from the War Depart-
ment, in answer to a resolution of the House of
Representatives of the 26th of March, calling for
Lieutenant Colonel Roberts's-report on the sub-
ject of a general reorganization of the militia of
the United States; which was laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed; and
A communication from the President of the
United States, transmitting a report from the Sec-
retary of State, in compliance with the resolution
of the House of Representatives of the 22d of
March, requesting the President to communicate
to the House of Representatives, if not incompat-
ible with the public interest, any recent corre-
spondence between our consul general at Havana
and the Captain General of Cuba, touching the'
imprisonment in that island of an American citi-
zen; which was laid on the table, and ordered to
be printed.
iiarlem river.
Mr. ELIOT, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill for the improvement of the navigation
of the Harlem river and Spuyten Duyvel creek,
in the county of New York; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
hell gate.
Mr. ELIOT, by unanimous consent, also in-
troduced a bill to remove obstructions to naviga-
tion at Hell Gate, in the East river, opposite the
city of New York; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
COOLIE TRADE.
Mr. ELIOT. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce a bill prohibiting the Chi-
nese coolie trade by American citizens m Ameri-
can vessels.
Mr. BURNETT. I objcct.
Mr. ELIOT. Then I move to suspend the
rules, to enable me to introduce it.
Mr. BRANCH. I call for the regular order of
business.
Mr. ELIOT. It is in order to move to suspend
the rules, and I hope no gentleman will ohject to
the introduction of the bill.
Mr. REAGAN. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts to allow me, just here, to make a
report from the Committee on Indian Affairs. I
was not in my scat when that committee was
called.
Mr. ELIOT. You can do that when this mat-
ter is disposed of.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness, under the rule, will prevent the motion to
suspend the rules until the morning hour has ex-
pired.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to make the bill pun-
ishing polygamy the special order after the morn-
ing hour only.
The SPEAKER. That has already been done.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then a motion to suspend
the rules will not be in order until that matter is
disposed of.
The SPEAKER. It will not be.
sublette cut-off massacre.
Mr. REAGAN, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, made a minority report in the case of the
Sublette cut-off massacre of the 24th of July, 1859;
which was ordered to be printed.
0. f. d. fairbanks and others.
Mr.REAGAN also, from the same committee,
reported a bill forthe relief of O. F. D. Fairbanks,
Frederick Dodge, and the Pacific Mail Steamship
Company; which was read a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
CHAUNCEY A. IIORR.
Mr. REAGAN also, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of Chauncey A. Horr,
of Nebraska; which was read a first and second
time, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the accompanying report, or-
dered to be printed.
SWAMP LAND CERTIFICATES.
Mr. LOGAN, by unanimous consent, offered
the following resolution; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public JLands be, and
they are hereby, instructed to report a bill making certifl
cates of grants of swamp lands to States and counties trans-
ferable and subject to location m any State or Territory
where such lands may be ssbject to entry.
regular order op business.
Mr. ALLEY. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to discharge the Committee of the
Whole House on the Private Calendar from the
further consideration of House bill No. 514. It is
a case of great suffering and of great merit; and
if the House will permit me a moment I will ex-
plain the facts.
Mr. CRAWFORD, ffhis matter does not
come within the regular reports from committees.
Mr. ALLEY. It does not; but I hope there
will be no objection.
Mr. GROW. I call for the regular order of
business.  
Mr. BURNETT. I hope the gentleman from
Massachusetts will be permitted to call up the bill
that he alludes to, for it is certainly one of great
merit.
The regular order of business was insisted on.
Mr. HICKMAN. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to report a bill, and to ask
to have it put upon its passage. I think that when
the bill is read to the House, together with the
reasons given for it in a communication from the
Secretary of the Interior, there will be no ob-
jection.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I ask for the regular order
of business.
Mr. HICKMAN. If this bill be objected to,
I will move that the rules be suspended, in order
that the bill may be put upon its passage.
polygamy in utah.
The SPEAKER. The motion to suspend the
rules would not bo in order now. There is a
special order before the House which takes pre-
cedence of all other business. It is the consider-
ation of House bill (No. 7) to punish and prevent
the practice of polygamy in the Territories of the
United States and other places, and disapproving
and annulling certain acts of the Legislative As-
sembly of the Territory of Utah, with the amend-
ments thereto offered by the gentleman from North
Carolina, [Mr. Branch,] and the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Logan;] on which the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Millsom] has the floor.
Mr. BRANCH. Before the gentleman from
Virginia proceeds, I would ask the unanimous
consent of the House to have a clerical error in
my amendment corrected. It is only to substi-
tute the words "fourth and fifth," for the words
" third and fourth," in the first section.
There being no objection, the correction was
ordered to be made.
Mr. MILLSON. When this bill was last under
consideration, some views were expressed by the
gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Branch,]
and by the gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr. Tay-
lor,] from which 1 felt myself obliged to dissent.
1 wish now, as briefly as may be, to reply to them.
It is desirable that we should pass this bill with
as much unanimity as possible. The great intelli-
gence and high character of the gentlemen from
North Carolina and Louisiana are calculated to
give a weight to the opinions expressed by them,
to which I do not think they are intrinsically en-
titled.
The object of the bill is to punish the crime of
bigamy in all the Territories of the United States.
The attention of Congress would, perhaps, have
never been called to the necessity for such legis-
lation, but for the frequent practice of this crime
in one of the Territories. It is not denied that in
Utah the crime of bigamy is not only extensively
practiccd, but has even been attempted to be le-
galized by statutes of the Territorial Legislature.
1 do not know that wo could have looked for o
different state of things in that Territory, consid-
ering the character of the people who have taken
possession of it. We certainly'had no right to
expect from them a very high degree of morality
The disciples of Mormonism might not be pre-
sumed to display a very exemplary conduct. Not
only was it not to be expected, but perhaps it was
not even to be desired, that the result should have
been different. It was fit, and it was fortunate
that so low and degrading an imposture should
reveal itself in its devilish fruits.
I have heard, I am happy to say, no difference
of opinion in reference to the propriety of sup-
