472
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
intendent of the Public Printing, and he must have
known, if he knew anything, what the law was
under which he was acting, and yet he entered
upon that contrast., bearing date the 26th day of
M^reh, and continued to be Superintendent up to
the I2th of May, and to receive his pay as that
officer. I charge the fact to be so, and produce
the receipt which he gave when he received the
money.
Now, sir, I am asked to let these things pass,
because it is said we must have an organ here. 1
am not quite certain that we ought to have an
organ at ail; but if we must have one, we ought
to have a decent one. Am I callcd upon to vote
money out of the Federal Treasury after this
fashion—$20,000 for the public printing, more
than the man who does the work receives—to sus-
tain a national organ? That is the whole prop-
osition. Wendell does the work, and it is ex-
acted of him that he shall pay §20,000—to do
what? To enable Bowman to carry on the organ.
Yes, sir; that is the thing, stripped down to its
naked proportions. I will not do it it, sir; and
I tell you now, that this is not the only money
that has been paid to sustain organs. A contract
exists somewhere, by which $15,000 was to be
paid to sustain the Pennsylvania)!, and $6,000
more to sustain the Philadelphia Argus—all to he
paid out of the public printing. * I shall ask no
investigation into these charges, but I state them
before the Senate, and before the world. Not only
thousands, but tens of thousands of the money
which is paid for public printing, have not been
pocketed by the man who did the work, but have
been paid to sustain.this miserable, rickety, cor-
rupt concern called the Washington Constitution,
and other papers of even less value than that.
If it may be exacted of the Public Printer that
he shall pay thirty or forty thousand dollars of his
profits to sustain newspapers, why, Senators,
may it not be exacted of other men who labor for
the Government that they shall pay so much to
sustain newspapers? If Wendell, who did the
work, could be required to pay $20,000 to sus-
tain the Constitution, $15,000 to sustain the Ponn-
sylvaman, $6,000 to sustain the Argus, and how
much to sustain other papers 1 do not know—if
that could be done, then, I ask, why the architect
of this Capitol, why the stone-cutter, why the
brick mason, why every other laborer, may not
be required to pay so much of his profits to sus-
tain these worthless, vagabond newspapers; and
then, to carry it further, why may not the clerks
in the Departments, why may not the Secretaries,
and why may not all others who hold office be
required to contribute so much out of the profits
of their offices and their labor to sustain these
newspapers? I denounce the whole thing as a
monstrous outrage, not to be justified by any
honest man, hero or elsewhere.
Gentlemen, from party considerations, may
smooth fins thing over. Let fhem do it. 1 mean
to wash my skirls cle;m of it. If is a dirty trans-
action. J shall (lenounee it before the Senate, and
before the world. The man who does the work
is entitled, under the law, to the profits, and he
ought not to be compelled by anybody or any
power to give them up for any other purpose. I
know it has been said that Mr. Wendell, in trans-
ferring the Union establishment, did it to get clear
of it; that it was cumbersome; that it was costing
fifteen to eighteen thousand dollars a year more
than the thing was worth. Then why could he
not have given it to somebody? Could he not
have burnt it up? Could he not have parted with
it at the loss of a small sum, much less than thirty
thousand dollars, and pitched it into the Potomac,
types, cases, and everything belonging to it?
What necessity, except under compulsion, could
there have been for him to pay Bowman $.20,000
to take it out of his hands !
Sir, is the intelligence of this country to be in-
sulted by such weak devices as that? No, sir.
Come to the honest truth of it, the law has been
disregarded. Bowman remained in office more
than six weeks after he became interested to the
extent of $20,000 a year m the public printing.
During that time he received $3,000 of money, as
[ asseverate, in palpable violation of the statute
which I have read. Wendell who does the work
has been compelled, I say compelled—because no
sensible man would give away a printing office,
and give somebody $20,000 to take it; he had
better burn it up—out of the proceeds of his labor
and the use of his materials to pay $>20,000 to
sustain this thing called the organ. It is not my
organ; it never has been. 1 despise and spurn
the^wholft concern.
Now, Mr. President, having said this much, I
am perfectly willing, if it suits the Senate, to pro-
ceed to a ballot. I hope note will be taken of .the
fact that I have not asked or expected any Senator
to base hjs vote upon the personal ground which
I first assigned, and I should have said nothing
on that, here, because it merely concerns me per-
sonally, but that it was only fair and just that I
should give all the reasons which influenced me
in voting against the nominee. Having done that,
I yield the floor.
Mr. HALE. I am obliged to the Senator for
the exposition he has made, and I think it will
have some influence on my vote; but if I under-
stood him, he stated that $20,01)0 in one case,
$15,000 in another case, and $6,000 in another
case, were paid to support three vagabond news-
papers, that he mentioned by name, and I will
not repeat them. I simply want to inquire of the
Senator if he knows of any other officer of the
Government, except the Superintendent of Public
Printing, that had cognizance of this transaction
of paying this money to sustain those newspapers?
Mr. BROWN. This letter is addressed to the
Attorney General. I suppose he had cognizance
of it, of course.
Mr. HALE. Did it not go a peg higher than
the Attorney General? [Laughter.]
Mr. BROWN. I do not know anything about
that.
Mr. BIGLER. Mr. President, I am sure I
could not enter upon a more unpleasant task than
to have a controversy with my friend from Mis-
sissippi; but I must say in all frankness, that
knowing the gentleman who is a candidate for the
office of Public Printer as I have for many years,
and others whose characters is somewhat impli-
cated m the transaction referred to by the Senator
from Mississippi, I could not, with self-respect,
remain silent. I feel impelled, sir, by a sense of
justice to the President of the United States and
those associated with him, to enter my solemn
protest against the unjust inferences fairly dedu-
ciblc from the remarks of the Senator from Mis-
sissippi, to wit: that the Presidentand his Cabinet
officers have been countenancing, if not participat-
ing in, vile peculations on the Treasury; coun-
tenancing measures by which money had been
drawn from the Treasury without authority of
law. The newspaper press has teemed with this
kind of slang, and scandal long enough; we have
had enough of it in Congress; and it is time that
these unjust allegations were -met, and the truth
of the case presented to the country; but before
I notice the specific objections of the Senator from
Mississippi to the nominee for Printer, I beg the
indulgence of the Senate whilst I make a few re-
marks on the general subject of thy public print-
ing.
Sir, I assort without fear of contradiction, that
whatever wrong may have been practiced upon
the Treasury and the people, neither the Execu-
tive nor the heads of the Departments are account-
able for any part of it. They have had no essential
connection with the public printing; they can have
no connection with it; the law separates them from
this business, totally and entirely, except only
as to one or two unimportant items. Congress
is accountable for whatever money is wrongfully
or unnecessarily taken out of the Treasury for
public printing. The lav/ itself tells the whole
story on this subject; and it will show the Senate
and the country that if it be true, that exorbitant
prices are paid for public work, that the people pay
much more than jk necessary for the execution of
the public printing,the responsibility is here. The
law is explicit. It fixes the. prices on every item.
The eabmetofHccrs are required to get all the print-
ing which they may need done by the Printer
selected by Congress. They have no discretion
whatever as to the price of the work; and the public
service regulates the quantity, except only as to an
unimportant item of advertising in the country
papers. Then, sir, where is the justification for
these broad imputations, calculated as they are to
lead the unwary to believe that the President and the
heads of the Departments, in the exercise of a large
discretion, have allowed the Treasury to be robbed;
that men have drawn from it money which they
have not earned? Sir, I say to my friend from Mis-
sissippi, in all kindness, for the wrongs which he
laments, for the fact that more money has been
taken from the Treasury than was necessary to
execute the public work, he is quite as responsible
as is the President or any of his Cabinet officers.
Mr. BROWN. If the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania will allow me, I will say to him that he is
drawing very largely on his imagination when he
charges that I have said that the President or the
heads of Departments have had anything to do
with this matter. I said no such thing. I said
Cornelius Wendell had paid $20,000 out of the
profits of the public printing to George W. Bow-
man, to sustain the "Washington Constitution, and
that he must have done it under compulsion from
some quarter; but I did not pretend to locate the
quarter, because I do not know.
Mr. BIGLER. Well, sir, I am perfectly ready
to give the Senator from Mississippi the benefit
of any explanation which he chooses to make;
but I can see no other quarter on the face of the
earth, and no other authority to be implicated,
except the executive officers.
Mr. BROWN. Very well; I cannot help that.
Mr. BIGLER. I have no desire to do the Sen-
ator injustice, by any means; and as he says he
does not locate the wrong, I accept his explana-
tion. I was more particularly speaking of the
allegations made through the country press and
the general clamor on this subject, and the wrong
impression which was likely to be made upon the
popular mind. Now, sir, to establish what I have
alleged, I ask the Clerk to read the eighth ^and
eleventh sections of the general printing law which
relate to the prices of the public printing.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" Sec. 8. Jlnd be it further enacted, That there shall be
elected a Public Printer for each House of Congress, to do
the public printing for the Congress for which ho or they
may he chosen, and such printing for tile Executive Depart-
ments and bureaus of the Government of the United States,
as may be delivered to him or them to be printed, by the
Superintendent ofthe Public Printing. The following rates
of compensation shall be paid from time to time for such
printing as may be ordered by Congress:
" First. For bilh and joint resolutions :
" For composition, per page, 50 cents.
" For press-work, folding, and stitching, for five hundred
and eighty copies, 32£ cents per page ; and at the same rate
per page for any gieater number not exceeding one thousand
copies.
" Second. For reports of committees, and the Journals of
both Houses, with indexes, and the executive documents
of caeh IIous<% embracing messages from the President,
reports from the Executive Departments, bureaus, and
offices, and documents and statements communicated
theicwith, with indexes ; resolutions and other documents
from State Legislatures; memorials, petitions, treaties, and
confidential documents for the Senate ; for composition, per
page, octavo—
" For small pica plain, §1.
11 For small pica nile, $1 50.
"Foi brevier plain, .$-1 50.
" For brevier rule,
" For nonpareil rule, $3 75.
u For the composition of tables larger than octavo size,
per one thousand ems, "iO cents; but the page of octavo
si/,c rhall contain not less than one thousand six liundied
cms, when pruned in small pica; and the body of all plain
matter shall bo so printed, except extracts, yeas and nays,
and addenda, which shall bo printed with brevier type.
"Ail iule and figure woik shall be printed in royal octavo
form, with small pica, each page containing not lef-a than
one thousand six hundred ems, if the matter to be printed
can be bi ought into pages of that size with that kind of
type, so as to bG read with facility and convenience. Jf it
cannot, it shall be printed with brevier type, each page con-
taining not less than two thousand eight hundicd ems.; and
if it cannot be brought into a royal octavo page with bie-
vier type, so as to be understood with facility, it bliall be
printed with nonpareil type, each page containing not less
than four thousand two hundicd cm-"; and when it cannot
be biought into a royal octavo page with nonpareil type, so
as to be read with facility, it shall he printed With breviej
type in a broadside, showing the whole tabie at one view,
and be  -o tilled that it can be bound m a royal oetavo vol-
ume.
" When matter is leaded, the composition shall be counted
as if the mattei were punted solid, and not leaded.
For presc-worlc, folding, .and stitching of royal octavo
size:
" For twelve hundred and fifty copies, cents per page,
and at the same rate for any greater number not exceeding
fifteen hundred copies.
"For press-work, folding, and stitching of each table
larger than royal octavo size:
" For twelve hundred and fifty copies, $1 25 per page, and
at the same rate for any number not exceeding fifteen bun-
dled copies.
'•The following deductions on account of folding and
stitching copies reserved for binding shall be made:
" Foi royal oetavo size, per page, for each hundred copies,
£ of a cent; for each table laiger than octavo, | of a-cent.;
and the following additional charge shall he allowed for
trimming, folding, and stitching, and inserting each map,
chait, diagram, or plat, in the copies not reserved for bind-
ing: for every hundred copies, 10 cents.
"Theie shall be allowed for the press-work on treaties,
reports, and other documents, when ordered to be* printed
