50
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 19,
36th Cong....1st Sess. Resistance to Black Republican Domination—Mr. Singleton.
Ho. of Reps.
curredin the idea that the ordinance of 1787 should
be se extended over the Territories then existing
to the northwest of the Ohio river.
Mr. CLEMENS. Now, I submit to the gentle-
man fromlowa, who is a pretty fair man, whether
he means to contend, with a grave face, that that
law was passed under the power of Congress to
govern the Territories, or whether that power was
not exercised under a specific grant in the Consti-
tution, to carry out the compacts under the old
Confederation; which, in the language of the Con-
stitution, were valid, and existing under the Con-
stitution as under the old articles of confederation ?
Mr. CURTIS. I understand that the law was
passed for the purpose of making effective the ordi-
nance of 1787.
Mr. SINGLETON. It is true, an the gentle-
man states, that the law was passed for that pur-
pose ; but I again ask him if this ordinance of
1787 was not a compact made by sovereign States
before the adoption of the Federal Constitution ?
and if, when that law was passed under the Con-
stitution, it was not simply for the purpose of
carrying out that compact—nothing more and
nothing less? So far from the States having agreed
that Congress had power to exclude slavery"from
all the Territories, Worth Carolina expressly re-
fused. to cede her territory unless the right to
abolish or exclude slavery from that territory
should be given up by Congress.
Mr. STANTON. I simply wish to say, now
and for the future, that I do not desire to be com-
mitted by anything that is said or refused to be
said upon this side of the House prior to its or-
ganization. I protest against the right of any
gentleman to interrogate me here, or "to " bind5'
me by any response or failure to respond on this
side of the House. Whenever the House is or-
ganized this question will be before the House
and the country for discussion. We are prepared
to meet it at a proper time and in a proper man-
ner. We will not meet it now, and we enter our
protest against being concluded by anything that
may be said or refused to be said upon this side
of the House.
Mr. SINGLETON. Yes, sir; but you will not
meet it in future like men.
Mr. STANTON. We will.
Mr. SINGLETON. You will not do it. I
proclaim it to the country, that whenever you
do answer the interrogatories propounded, your
answers will be evasive in their character, and
that you will undertake to delude the people of
your own section as to the position you occupy.
But I shall hold the gentleman from Iowa [Mr.
Curtis] to the statement made to-day, and go to
the country upon the issue. You have avowed
on this floor your readiness to exclude slavery by
direct legislation from all the territory belonging
to the United States, or hereafter to be acquired.
If tiiere be a single man among you who does not
occupy this ground, let him get up here, in the
face of this body and his constituents, and pro-
claim it. If it is not your doctrine, I want you
to disavow it.
Mr. CLEMENS. Some of the gentlemen on the
otherside of the House seemed absolutely to doubt
whether the power which I quoted from the Con-
stitution from memory was there or not. I de-
sire, therefore, with the permission of my friend
from Mississippi, to refer specifically to that clause
of the Constitution. In the sixth article of section
four of tiie Constitution, it is provided^ that—
"A11 debts contracted and engagements entered into be-
fore the adoption of this Constitution, stuill he as valid
against tile United States under this Constitution as under
the Confederation."
*
And if gentlemen desire to quibble upon the
word " engagements," I undertake to prove from
' the debates and history of the times that those
engagements were compacts of which the ordi-
nance of 1787 was one; and inasmuch as the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Stanton] has expressed
his willingness hereafter to develop in full the
whole policy of the Republican party, I throw
down the glove to him now—and I know very
well his ability as a lawyer—and I will undertake,
humble as I may be, to meet him on that ques-
tion, at least, if I am notable to meet him on any
other.
Mr. SINGLETON. I ask the attention of gen-
tlemen upon the other side of the House to an-
other question which I intend to ask them, and it
is this: is it not your purpose, when you get the
power into your hands, to repeal the fugitive slave
law, and leave us without a law for the reclama-
tion of our fugitive slaves ? Is not thaj your pur-
pose, gentlemen? Can I have no response from
that side of the House ? Is there no one who dare
meet the question in the face of the country ? I
take it for granted, as you refuse to answer, that
that is your puroose, and I charge it upon you.
Mr. CURTIS. Some of my friends say, an-
swer the interrogatory, and some say, do not do
it. Every man must exercise his own judgment
in regard to his right to speak or not to speak on
this lloor. I shall exercise mine.
Mr. GROW. Then speak only for yourself.
Mr. CURTIS. I shall certainly do that. I do
not desire to commit any other gentleman. I say
this, that I believe there is a universal sentiment
in the North,and I believe it is the general senti-
ment of the Republican party, that that provision
of the Constitution which requires the rendition
of fugitive slaves should be fairly, honestly, and
honorably carried out. There is a great 'differ-
ence of opinion in regard, to the law which now
exists. Some believe that it is unconstitutional;
others beliovc that it is inhuman; and a great many
believe that the States themselves should exercise
this power under the Constitution, and not the
General Government. This difference of opinion
has always creatcd a great difference of action,
not only now, but in the early days of our Re-
public. In 1796, General Washington wrote to a
friend in Massachusetts, Mr. Whipple, saying
that one of his wife's servants was in the State of
Massachusetts, and he desired her rendition under
the act of 1793; but he added, that there was al-
ways some feeling in regard to such matters, and
that, in the event of any excitement or difficulty
in this case, he desired that the servant should not
be brought hack; and she was not brought back
because of the difficulty. This shows that diffi-
culties existed then, in 1796. That feeling exists
to-day; the law is unpopular and unsatisfactory;
but in spite of that feeling our people arc gener-
ally disposed to carry out the constitutional pro-
vision.
Mr. SINGLETON. Then I understand you
to say that the people in your State are in favor
of enforcing the fugitive slave law?
Mr. CURTIS. I said that, many men in my
State think the present law is constitutional in
form, but inhuman in its practice; but I say fur-
ther, that in every instance which has come to
my knowledge, when it has been attempted, the
law has been executed m my State.
Mr. SINGLETON. Do you speak for the
party to which you belong?
Mr. CUIITIS. Tiiere is nothing said in the
national platform of tiie Republican party, or in
that of my own State, in regard to that law.
Mr. SINGLETON, Suppose a bill should be
introduced into this House to repeal the fugitive
slave law, will you vote for it?
Mr. CURTIS. I will vote to amend the law,
for it does not please me.
Mr. SINGLETON. Do I understand you to
speak for the party to which you belong?
Mr. CURTIS. I speak for myself, and I speak
now as I have spoken to the people of my district
at Council Bluff's, in one of the last speeches I ad-
dressed to them. I stated that while the law stood
upon our statute books as it was, we had to sub-
mit to it, and tiiat we-would endeavor to carry it
out, although it was obnoxious to us in many of
its features.
Mr. LAMAR. "Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. CURTIS. I do not wish to be respons-
ible for prolonging this debate. I hold the floor
by the courtesy of the gentleman from Missis-
'sippi, [Mr. Singleton.]
Mr. LAMAR. I am ready to incur my share
of the responsibility. I merely wish to ask the
gentleman if he was not a supporter of the Whig
platform of 1852, which made the measures of
1850 a finality ?
Mr. CURTIS. I voted for General Scott, and
that is about all I had to do with it.
Mr. LAMAR. You went for the platform
too?
Mr. CUIITIS. I went for the platform.
Mr. LAMAR. The gentleman voted for Gen-
eral Scott upon a platform pronouncing those
measures a finality; and now the gentleman an-
nounces himself in favor of what he calls an
amendment of one of those laws.
.Mr. CURTIS. Yes, sir; because the Demo-
cratic party has since constantly and persistently
introduced this question, and forced it upon the
people.
Mr. SINGLETON. It must be perfectly ap-
parent that the gentleman has placed himself out-
side of the Republican party, by declaring that
he is in favor of enforcing the fugitive slave law.
Does any other Republican on this floor taket^his
position ?
Mr. STANTON. I intend, whenever the
House is organized, and the proper time comes,
to go into a discussion of the powers of Congress
under the fugitive slave clause of the Constitution;
the execution of it; the form of the law; and all
about it; and gentlemen shall have no misunder-
standing or misapprehension as to my views upon
those subjects. But I decline to enter into the
discussion of a constitutional question of great
difficulty, in the shape of a dialogue, while an-
other gentleman has the floor to make a speech.
Mr. SINGLETON. I would like to hear the
gentleman now.
Mr. STANTON. I decline to make my argu-
ment now.
Mr. SINGLETON. The position taken by the
Republican party on this floor, of excluding sla-
very from all the Territories which now belong to
us, or which may hereafter be acquired, and their
detenninationtorepeal the fugitive slave law, will,
if persevered in, sooner or later prove the destruc-
tion of every tie which binds us together. If you
imagine that the people of the Sout h will submit to
be confined to their present area, tobe shut out from
the common territories acquired by the common
blood and treasure of the nation, that slavery will
linger out a poor and miserable existence within
its present borders, and that our slaves are to
escape without a law to recover them, I tell you
to-day that you may begin to prepare for a dis-
solution of this Union. Every man upon this
floor from the South will counsel their" constit-
uents—though they need not be counseled—to
that effect. Their determination is fixed and un-
alterable, that they will have an expansion of
slave territory in this Union if you will allow it,
or outside of the Union, if they must. [Applause
in the galleries.] With me the excitement upon
this subject has passed away m a great measure.
The paroxysm is over, and the delirium of fever
following the first agitation of this subject has
subsided. Upon the supposition that the gentle-
man from Iowa speaks the sentiments of the Black
Republican party, and that their purpose is fixed
to exclude us forever from the Territories, and
confine us to our present limits, and that the fugitive
slave law is to be repealed or so altered as to ren-
1 der it inefficient; if you desire to know my coun-
sel to the people of Mississippi, it is, that they
take measures immediately, m conjunction with
other southern States, to separate from you. I
believe that the sooner we get out of this confed-
eration of States the better it will be for us, as
every day we remain with you, under such cir-
cumstances , but weakens and impairs our strength,
and renders us less able to cope with you.
The question arises, wiil the Republican party
be able, should the South remain in the Union,
to carry out their purposes ? But one answer can
be given to this question: they will. It is a la-
mentable fact for the country that they have the
numerical strength to do it; and we may as well
make up our minds at once that slavery will bo
abolished if things move on in their present di-
rection. The whole North is against us, except
a few noble Democrats who adhere to the Demo-
cratic standard. The Whig party, which was in
power seven years ago, with a good prospect of
so continuing, is now absorbed by the Republi-
can party. Our Democratic phalanx of northern
men is now whittled down to a small number.
The Democrats have the majority in hardly a
single northern State, and though we find a few
noble specimens of humanity who are willing to
stand by our rights, yet they are powerless so far
as rendering any assistance to the South is con-
cerned. I glory in their determination to oppose
