1494
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2,
iana, the territory acquired from France; next to
Florida, the territory acquired from Spain. In
the act organizing a territorial government for
Florida, the crimes act was, by particular descrip-
tion, made applicable to that Territory. Other
territory was acquired from Mexico, and to this
very Territory ofUtah this same act jvasextended.
In the act establishing a territorial government
for Utah, it was provided that the Constitution
and all the laws of the United States, not locally
inapplicable, shall have full force and effect in
that Territory; and if any man committed the
crime of murder, or forgery, or bribery, or any
other of the offenses decribed, before the election
■ of the first Territorial Legislature, he would un-
doubtedly, as the gentleman must admit, have
been punished under this law; and so, after the
election of a Territorial Legislature, lie would,
as I maintain, equally be punished under this
law-
Now, then, the Congress of the United States
has labored under serious misconception in refer-
ence to its constitutional rights and duties, if, as
the gentleman says, Congress has no power to
pass criminal laws which are to operate in the
Territory of Utah or arty other organized Terri-
tory of the United States. How else could it be?
Are those who go to the territory of the United
States to be entirely free from all accountability
for crime ? Suppose a number of persons to mi-
grate from the United States, and from foreign
nations, and possess themselves of one of the
Territories of the United States. By the argu-
ment of the gentleman from Louisiana [Mr. Tay-
lor] they are not subject to the opcration'of the
laws of the United States. By what law, then,
are they to be bound? What if a comfmny of
banditti should occupy a portion of our territory
on the overland route to California, and there com-
mit murdei*and robbery upon all travelers: how
are they to be punished ? The gentleman says
that they arc not subject to any criminal iaws
that we can enact. Then how can we boast of
being a Government of laws >
But, sir, if we pannot make laws for the pun-
ishment of crime in the Territories, 011 what better
foundation does our civil jurisdiction over them
rest? Whcredoesthegentlemanfindawarrantfor
making any distinction between our criminal and
our civil jurisdiction? If we have 110 power to
govern the Territories, then these men may go to
them, and determine for themselves what extent
of country they will claim as their own. They
may decide that their territorial limits shall be as
ample or as small as tl'ey may please. Who is
to restrain them ill their claims for limits? By
what authority could Congress declare that one
Territory shall be bounded on the north by a
particular parallel of latitude, or assign any limits
at all ? You have 110 power to govern them, crim-
inally or civilly; why, then, do you presume to
give them a governor and judges? Tliey claim a
right to establish their own form of government.
Wliy not?
Sir, those gentlemen fall into the mistake by
confounding an independent right with what is
only a privilege conceded. They talk about the
principles of the Revolution, and say that the
doctrine contended for then was the right of self-
government. Sir, did the men of the Revolution
contend for the right of individual self-govern-
ment? Did they maintain that each citizen had
the right of governing himself? Did they make
any pretension to such a grotesque claim as that?
No, sir; they complained that, the concessions of
the British Parliament were not as ample and
liberal ass they should have been. They insisted
that the people, the united colonics, should exer-
cise ccrtain rights which were denied them.
Sir, it would be a fit subject of complaint if the
Government of the United States were so to use
thmrpoweroter the Territories as to subject these
people to oppressive restrictions and restraints.
But because the Government of the United States
should, in exercising their proper control, act in
accordance with the spirit of the Revolution, and
con cede every needful privilege to every private
citizen, does it follow that those privileges can be
claimed as independent rights, aside and apart
from the Government?
Why, I have heard gentlemen here in debate,
and that within a few days past, employ argu-
ments upon this floor which seemed to go to the
extent of declaring that each citizen of the United
States, emigrating from the States to the Terri-
tories, was an independent power or State; and,
according to their conception, the inhabitants of
a Territory—the Territory of Utah, for instance
—are not indeed, aggregately, an independent
State; but, separately, forty thousand independ-
ent States. Forty thousand sovereignties are now
in the Territory ofUtah; each man invested with
his own right of self-government; each man hav-
ing the right of governing himself, and no one
being subject to be governed by any other; for
that is the logical and necessary consequence of
the doctrines maintained upon this floor. They
confound, they misunderstand, the principles of
the Revolution. The patriots of the Revolution
never intended to assert that each individual cit-
izen of Virginia possessed the right of self-gov-
ernment, and that he carried it with him where
ever I10 might go. They maintained only that
the people of Virginia, as a Commonwealth, had
the right to govern themselves and one another.
They formed a State; they constituted a sover-
eignty; and they knew but little of this fantastic
doctrine of squatter sovereignty which has led
many highly intelligent gentlemen to imagine that
each solitary citizen was himself a power.
But my friend from North Carolina, [Mr.
Branch,) not denying the power in question,
seems to be apprehensive that, should it be exer-
cised , very serious consequences may result. He
says:
" I will suggest to my friends upon this side of the Houkg
that, if wc can render polygamy criminal, it may be claimed
that we can also render criminal that other< twin relic of
bartransm,' slavery, as it is called 111 the Republican plat-
form of ! fc.36."
"It may be claimed!" Claimed by whom?
Docs he claim it? I know my friend from North
Carolina will not assume the responsibility of
this argument. Who claims it? Will the Re-
publican party claim it? I have not heard of any
such claim. I do not know why the Republican
party should undertake, in their party resolu-
tions, to denounce polygamy in the Territories.
It strikes me the denunciation was a very gratu-
itous one. Surely they could hardly flatter them-
selves that they could antagonize themselves with
the Democratic party by denouncing polygamy.
Perhaps they had some remote idea, some glim-
mering hope, that whatever they might do would
bo unwelcome and unacceptable to the Demo-
cratic party, and for that very reason it would
be opposed by them.
I implore southern gentlemen not to assume
the burden of defendingevery bad thing that may
be gratuitously denounced in the Republican plat-
form. What would soon be thought of slavery
if it could only be defended by justifying every
crime and excusing every immorality? What! is
it seriously supposed that we concede the right of
Congress to legislate for the abolition or prohibi-
tion of slavery in the Territories, because Con-
gress may and ought to suppress crime ? Do gen-
tlemen see no danger from the admission that
slavery in the Territories is protected by no higher
guarantees than bigamy ? Must the authority to
suppress crime carry with it the power to abolish
slavery ? Is this the argument of southern men ?
Had the Republican platform denounced slavery
and dueling as "twin relics of barbarism" must
wc therefore repeal our anti-dueling laws? Had
they denounced slavery and murder as twin relics
of barbarism, must wo therefore declare that we
have no jurisdiction over this crime, and let the
murderer go unpunished? Sir, the safeguards of
slavery, not only in its establishment in the seve-
ral States, but also in its relations to the Govern-
ment of the United States, arc to be found in the
Constitution. If the Constitution gives to Con-
gress 110 power to treat slavery as a crime, let us
not be afraid to exercise our general authority to
punish crime.
But it is thought to bo inconsistent to punish
polygamy, which is called a domestic institution,
and not to prohibit slavery, which is another do-
mestic institution. There is nothing inconsistent
in it. There is no admission implied, in the ex-
ercise of the one power, that the othermay bo fitly
claimed by Congress. We are as much bound by
the Constitution to punish crime, as we are re-
strained by the Constitution from treating slavery
as a crime. The duty and the disability both
proceed from the same source—the Constitution.
Sir, if there wore such provisions in the Consti- !
tution in respect to polygamy as there are in re-
gard to slavery, I too would oppose this bill.
If the Constitution secured to every husband,
having more than one wife, the right to reclaim
them all; if it forbid any State in which these
fugitive wives sought refuge to release them from
their matrimonial bonds, and commanded their
return to their husband, I too would say that it
would be a gross and palpable violation of the
Constitution to punish polygamy as a crime.
Whatever it might be in our private estimation,
we should be restrained from passing any law for
its suppression; and whatever opinion it may
please gentlemen of the Republican party to enter-
tain 111 regard to slavery, they are as much bound
by the Constitution, and arc as much restrained'
by it from treating slavery as a crime, as we
should be from treating polygamy as a crime, if
it were so sanctioned by the Constitution.
But, Mr. Speaker, it is said that this is an inti-
mate domestic relation, and therefore we ought
not to interfere. Sir, is it not as intimate a do-
mestic relation in New York and Virginia, in
England and France, as in the Territories? Have
not the Governments there interfered ? This ar-
gument goes much too far. It strikes at the pro-
priety of any such interference with domestic re-
lations everywhere. If it be a proper interference
with domestic relations by the law-making power
of Virginia, and Kentucky, and Georgia, and
England, and France, pray tell me, sir, why not
in us too, if we are the only legislative body hav-
ing authority to act, as I trust I have shown wo
are? The law not interfere with domestic rela-
tions ! The law everywhere interferes with them.
Marriage has always been a subject of regulation
by the State. Law, which is only the influential
will and reason of the wise and the good, has, in
every age, undertaken to control it. It should not
be given up to appetite and license. Is marriage
ever looked upon as only a private contract be-
tween the man and the woman, to bo made when-
ever they alone think fit, to last only during the
term they may agree upon, and to end at their
own will ? Is the State 110 party to such a con-
tract? Has the State no voice in consenting that
it shall be made, in regulating its conditions after
it is made, and in determining when and how it
may be dissolved ? Away, then, with this argu-
ment of the free-love school!
Sir, what would be the state of society if this
most delicate and important relation could be as-
sumed and thrown off at the unchecked will of
every thoughtless boy and giddy girl; if the fount-
ains of public virtue might be poisoned by every
voluptuary; if husband and wife, instead of being
bound to one another by indissoluble tics, might,
without any liinderance of the law, be the subject
of rival allurement and solicitation ? No, sir; this
is not such an interference with domestic relations
as is unusual or improper. It is the interference
which every age has demanded; which every na-
tion has practiced; wh ich is necessary for the good
of the whole community, and even for the protec-
tion and advantage of those for whom its restraints
are intended.
But wc are told that this law, if it should be
passed, will be inoperative—that it will not be car-
ried into execution. How do you know that? Itmay
be; it may not be. But what then? Wc shall have
acquitted ourselves of our duty. Wo shall have
wiped away a reproach from the national reputa-
tion. We shall have put upon the statute-book
our-condemnation of this ciyne. There may be
a criminal sentiment in Utah, as there may be a
mawkish sentiment elsewhere, that may obstruct
the operation of this law, as the operation of the
laws against the slave trade has been obstructed.
What then ? We shall have put upon the statute-
book our legislative opinion of the crime and of
its proper punishment. Let the responsibility
rest, then, on those who may, in violation of their
oaths, choose not to execute any of its provisions.
Mr. Speaker, 1 wish to say a word or two before
I close, on some amendments offered to this bill.
While the amendment of my friend from North
Carolina [Mr. Branch] may be a proper sub-
ject for legislation at some future time ana in some
other connection, I do not see the propriety of
adding it to this bill. This is a bill for the pun-
ishment of crime. It may be that the people of
Utah are altogether unfit to exercise the privi-
lege of governing that Territory; and if so, then,
after a proper investigation by the Committee on
