474"
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17.
unreasonable; but nobody ever doubted his hon-
esty. He was no applicant for the office of Super-
intendent, as I happen to know: but the President of
the United States haying unfavorable impressions
as to the management of that department under
the predecessor of General Bowman, determined
not W> retain him longer; and casting about for a
man who had his unlimited confidence, invited
General Bowman to take the office. He came here
not in the capacity of an office seeker, but because
he was invited.
Now, sir, as to his career as Superintendent of
the Public Printing, I appeal to the Committee on
Printing, who were most intimately associated
with him, what was the result of their observa-
tion? Whether they did not find General Bowman
constantly at his post, and ever anxious to pro-
mote any measure calculated to protect the Treas-
ury against peculations ? Whether he did not show
every disposition to guard the Treasury? I beg
leave to allude to some changes which have been
made in that service, some of which were sug-
gested by him; others promoted by him after sug-
gestions from other quarters; and all of which
received his cordial and active support; and by
which, permit rue to say, ho has manifestly drawn
upon himself a great deal of outside hostility.
First: he arrested the practice of double composi-
tion, which had prevailed previously. It is now
prevented by law. The recommendation is con-
tained in his report of 1858, as are the reasons for
it. This will save some twenty-five thousand
dollars per annum, and which entered into the
large profits to which the Senator from Missis-
sippi refers. Then, again, by awarding contracts
for paper to the lowest bidder; making his adver-
tisement so as to furnish the samples himself, and
not take samples furnished by the paper makers;
and making contracts absolutely to the lowest
bidder, is another of his reforms. This saves some
twenty thousand dollars a year. The practice of
furnishing members of Congress with bound dupli-
cate volumes has also been arrested, which cost
seme thirty-seven thousand dollars a year. Omit-
ting maps, charts, and useless statistics, has saved
in all §40,000 a year. Then there is a deduction
of one clerk ill the office, which was exclusively
under his control, §1.800. The total animal saving
in this way is $124,000. Nor is this all. The
engraving and lithographic printing has cost an-
nually, since 1852, an aggregate of about one hun-
dred and thirty thousand dollars. According to
the report of the committee of the House of Rep-
resentatives at the last session, appointed to in-
vestigate the conduct of the predecessor of General
Bowman, one half of this*is hereafter to be saved.
The committee say:
" By a comparison of prices paid by (Jpncial liowm.m
for engraving und lithogi.iphie printing, with those pan! l>y
his predeee.ssoi, theie is neaily filty per cent. diffemsce in
favoi of the prices p.ud I>y the latter."'
Another instance: the charts for the Coast Sur-
vey report for 1857, executed under the superin-
tendence of the predecessor of General Bowman,
cost 57 50 each; whereas the same kind of charts,
of even larger size, were contracted for and fur-
nished under the supervision of General Bowman
at $49 90 eacli; being less than one third the price
previously paid, and being a saving on that report
alone of at least $30,000 per annum. These are
some facts connected with tho career of this gen-
tleman as Superintendent of the Public Printing.
Now. sir, why shall he not be elected Printer
to the Senate? It is alleged that, in a transaction
with Mr. Wendell, in which he became the owner
of the newspaper formerly known as the Union,
now the Constitution, he has so far sunk his
political and moral status, that ho should not be
indorsed by the Senate; that he has been guilty of
such improprieties, if not of criminal acts, that he
ought to be discarded and rebuked. Now, sir, I
know that no honorable Senator, if convinced that
Mr. Bowman has been guilty of a violation of law,
will vote for him. There may be a difference of
opinion on this subject, and 1 suggest to my friend
from Mississippi that he must have respect for the
opinions and feelings of his fellow Senators who
diifer with him on these points, and who stand
here determined to vote for him, because they be-
lieve he will make a faithful officer, and bccause
they desire to vindicate linn against allegations
which they think unjust and ungenerous.
I prefer, because it i-; better that this whole sub-
joctbi* developed and disposed of. to introduce this
branch of the subject by a letter written by the
Attorney General to a gentleman in the State of
Tennessee, explaining the facts and circumstances
connected with tiie transfer of the newspaper to
General Bowman.
The Clerk read the following letter:
Washington, June 6, 1859.
Dear Sir: In reply to your letter of the 31st, I have
to say that i do not know what charges weie made or
retracted by the States concerning the transfer of the Con-
stitution printing office to its present propnetoi; but I have
some knowledge of the terms and conditions of the con-
tract referred to.
When that establishment was first offered to General
Bowman, lie rejected it. The proposal was afterwards re-
newed, again and again, until itcaine In a foim whicti was
aceeptable. Ilis fiist icfusal, and his final assent to the
terms of Mr. Wendell, were given after consultation with
me, and agreeably to my opinion. I gave lum advice in no
other character flian that of his peisonal mend; and he
sought my counsel solely because ho knew that 1 would do
all i could to guard him again&t loss, either in money or
reputation. I had no olhcial connection with the business.
No authority was given nic to bind the Government, and I
was not expected oi asked to do so; neither the President,
nor any head of a Department, or other public officer, gave
anything, or promised, directly or lmliieetly, that anything
should be given m the futuie, foi the benefit of eithei party.
Some work from th? Government may have been counted
upon, but only as puvatc patronage was expected : that is,
it would be got, if it wa* the interest of the Government
and the pleasure of the officers to give it; butnot otherwise.
No beliet was expressed, and none, I am confident, was en-
tertained, that this Administration would suffer the Ticas-
ury to lose one cent for the sake of sustaining a favorite man,
or promoting the pros peuly of a favorite newspaper. All
concerned know the folly of supposing that public woik
would be sent to one who could not do it as cheaply or as
well as it could or ought to he done by anybody else.
In short, Mr, this tian-ferof a printingotiice was as purely
a private affair as the {.ale of any plantation in your di^ti ict.
Tin: Government had nothing in the world to do with it;
and the public Tiea>urv h> not affected by it to the amount
of a coppei. The seller voluntarily parted with Ins own
property*toi a eonsideiation, which the buyer was willing
to give ; and 1 do not suppose that either you or your con-
stituents care a straw which party got the best oi' the bai-
gain.
I ought lo add that the President, and all the members of
the Oabmet, except myself, were ignoiant of this contiact
at the time it was made. I was consulted about it, as I
would probably have bee?) consulted about any other mutter
of equal impoitanco to the private inteiestsof General How-
man. I gave him my aid with alacrity and cheerfulness
for 1 have long known him a> a most upright and woithy,
as well as eneigetic and fearless man ; of unspotted integ-
rity, and faithiul to his duties in all the relations of lite.
To ehaige him with a corrupt scheme foi plundering the
public, is so absurd that it can only be made moie utlicu-
lou-> l>v avemng that Mr. Buchanan was joined m it
You ina\'u' e this letter, a* tar as you may think itneees-
ssaiy oi useful, in jour vindication ot the Democratic party.
Youis, niOht tiuly, J. S. BLACK.
Hon. Charlie Heady.
Mr. BROWN. With the indulgence of the
Senator, 1 ask to have read, in that connection,
Mr, Bowman's account of the transaction.
Mr* B1GLER. When I get through with my
remarks, the Senator can read what he pleases.
Mr. BROWN. X only wanted Bowman \s own
account of the transaction read.
Mr. BIGLER. I desire to keep up the con-
nection of my own argument. It was truly, as
alleged by the Attorney General, purely a private
aiFair. Why General Bowman wanted to leave
the office of ►"■Superintendent of the Public Punting
and assume the position of an editor of a political
paper, I cannot say; 1 knew nothing of the trans-
action at the time; but of this 1 am quite sure,
that he was constrained to that act by proper mo-
tives, believing that he was doing his duty to his
country, and no injustice to himself.
There is but one' point in all this case that, to
my mind, is worthy of special note, and that is,
the fifth allegation of the Senator fiom Missis-
sippi, to wit: that Mr. Bowman, being the Super-
(■ mtendent of the l^ubhe Printing, and becoming the
;! owner of the paper known as the Constitution,
I under the terms of a contract with Mr. Wendell,
brought himself within the prohibition of a law of
'• Congress that forbids the Superintendent of the
.1 Public Printing having any interest in that busi-
II ness. That is a very grave allegation, and if I bc-
1! lievcd it well founded, I certainly could not vote for
| Mr. Bowman. But, sir, I tlnnk the Senator entirely
,. mistakes the intention of the law. The law says
' the Superintendent of the Public Printing " shall
not be interested, directly or indirectly, in the pub-
lie printing." What is an interest ? Itmustmani-
11 festly be that sort of concern in the business of
i| public printing that would make a man responsi-
,j ble for loss, and entitled to a portion of the profits,
i General Bowman had no such relation to the pub-
!! lie printing. He never was Public Printer. Mr.
Wendell got no additional public printing, nor did
he lose any, by his arrangement with General
Bowman. Mr. Bowman had, in truth, no con-
nection with it whatever; but bccause, in an agree-
ment between him and Mr. Wendell, it is speci-
fied that Mr. Wendell is to pay him certain sums
periodically in the future, and because the public
printing would seem to be the only visible means
of making such payment, therefore it is said he is
interested in the public printing. Docs the Sena-
tor mean to contend seriously that that would be
the construction of any judge or jury in the Uni-
ted States ? Why, sir, let me for a moment illus-
trate the effect of such a conclusion. Suppose
General Bowman had sold to Mr. Wendell a
farm,and he had agreed to pay, and said to him,
"these are my means of payment, but if this
printing be taken from me, I cannot pay you;"
would that give General Bowman an interest in
the public printing in the sense of the law, and
render him liable to its penalties? With all re-
spect to the Senator, such an allegation is simply
preposterous. Suppose the honorable Senator
himself had sold Mr, Wendell a farm, and he had
agreed to pay him at the times at which he drew
his salary for printing, would that make him a
partner, or give him an interest in the public
printing? If the Senator's construction be right,
then I doubt not every banking establishment in
this city was at times connected with the public
printing, because Mr. Wendell had agreed to
make them certain payments out of the proceeds
of the public printing, and had, perhaps, pledged
payment in advance, as the best business men
often do this; the manufacturers of paper might
have been interested in the public printing, be-
cause they had a promise from Mr. Wendell that
he would pay them out of the proceeds of the
public printing at the proper time.
Now, sir, the most that can with plausibility be
alleged in this case, would be a mere technical
connection or interest; and I intend to show that the
circumstances surrounding General Bowman, and
under which he occupied this position, were cer-
tainly such as ought to relieve him from the charge
of a manifest desire to do what was wrong. There
was no moral turpitude in anything he did. The
idea that he intended to hold that place for the
purpose of superintending the work, m order that
Mr. Wendell might get a larger price, is simply
preposterous. It did* not matter to him whether
Mr. Wendell's profits weie large or small. The
sum he was to receive was not a percentage of
profits. Whether Wendell made or lost, there
was so much to be paid to him. Therefore he
could not have that kind of interest which the law
contemplates.
But, sir, the circumstances under which Mr.
Bowman agreed to occupy that position, 1 prefer
to present to the Senate, becausc it is due to him.
When he concluded to take the newspaper, (as I
shall show by the communication of the Secretary
of the Interior,) from a mere sensitiveness as to
holding an office whilst publishing a partisan news-
paper, lie resigned it promptly; butnot because
the law would be violated. If he had held it to
this day, the law would not have been violated;
he would not have been amenable to the law to-
day, because he has not and never had any interest
in the public printing. That is my deliberate
judgment. General Bowman promptly resigned
the superintendency, but bccause the Secretary of
the Interior discovered inconvenience would arise
in his Department, because the Presidentwas not
prepared to select his successor, he induced Mr.
Bowman, with the consent of the President, to
withdraw his resignation until a successor could
be appointed. Such was the advice of a Cabinet
officer, a lawyer, a gentleman, and as honest a
man, in my judgment, as lives in any country.
The most that could be said, was that General
Bowman yielded to the judgment and advice of his
superior; and, sir, I protest that a man who has
lived a life of honesty as he has, whose every-day
walk and conversation are exemplary, shall not
be stricken down and crushed to the earth without
being fairly heard. Sir, he is a man of marked
propriety. 1 venture to say, that through all this
controversy, no man has heard him utter an im-
propriety. No man has heard him impugn the
motives of any who diifer with him even about
Printer. I have heard him speak in kind terms
even of the Senator from Mississippi. Now, sir,
I will ask the Secretary to read the letter of the
Secretary of the Interior.
