52
APPENDIX? TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 19,
36tii Cong. .. .1st Sess. Resistance to Black llepublican Domination—Mr. 8ingleton.
Ho. of Reps.
remark was—at least, that is what I designed to
say—that she had not gent, and, in my judgment,
would not consent to send, or could not afford to
send, a sectional man to Congress.
' Mr. SINGLETON. i understood the gentle-
man to say that the N orth could not dispense with
the South. .
Mr. CLARK, of New York. i hare not said
that. .
Mr. SINGLETON. He said something to that
effect. I should like to get hold of the gentleman's
speech, and see precisely what language he did
employ. I remember it made the impression dis-
tinctly on my mmd that we were tributary to the
North, and that New York could not afford to give
up this advantage.
Mr CLARK, of New York. i did not mean j
to be so understood. 1 merely meant to say—for
I was then responding to the charge that I was an
Abolitionist—that the city of New York had not
sent and would not send a sectional man to Con-
gress. That was all. i may have said that she
could not afford to send a sectional man to Con-
gress.
Mr. SINGL'ETON. The impression made
upon my mind—and it was the impression made
upon the minds of other gentlemen with whom I
have conversed—was as 1 have stated.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. 1 did not say that.
Mr. SINGLETON. Well, that was the im-
pression made upon me at the time. The gentle-
man's speech lias gone to the country, and its ||
language will bo properly judged. I1
Mr. Clerk, there is one other question to which ]■
1 wish to direct the attention of the House for a i !
moment, and that is the question of squatter so.v- ij
ereignty as advocated by certain gentlemen on ij
this1loor,andby their great leader, Mr. Douglas. !i
Sovereignty, as I understand it, and as it is de- j
fined by lexicographers, is the highest power— |
the supreme power 111 a State; and, if this defi-
nition be correct, (and I apprehend nobody will j
controvert it,) when Mr. Douglas and his follow-
ers undertake to put the Territorial Legislature
UDon the same footing with a State Legislature, i
in my judgment tliey aie guitlv of a most egre- :
g'lous'blunder. Now. let me ask what sovereignty !
is there—call it squatter sovereignty, popular sov- ;
ereignty, or whatever else you please—belonging j
to the people of a Territory ? Can they organize |
a territorial government for themselves ? Can they |
declare the boundaries of tlieu State? Can they j
elect their own oilieers without ire special per- i
mission of the CongreeH of the Unit"d States1 1
Every act that is parsed by the Territorial Legis- '
luture is subject to tin1 revision of Congress, and ;
liable to be annulled by that body, and thoie is j
not a single act aTcrriiorial Legislature can per- j
form showing it to be sovereign. I
But the gentlemen claim that the Legislature of i
a Territory has the seme power as the Legislature i
of a State. Why, sir, never was a more erro- [
neous proposition asserted. A State Legislature j
may perform a thoesand acts of sovereignty, its e
power being controlled by no superior. It may j
pass acts defining and establishing its limns, en- j
larging or diminishing its boundaries. Thepeo- j
pie of a State select their own officers, establish ;
their own judicial tribunals, alter or abolish then- j
State government at will. And when gentlemen |
undertake to put a State and Territory upon the j
same footing in respu't to sovereignly, they m- ]
volvc themselves in dhilculties whieh they cannot 1
meet successfully, and fell short of a correct view j
of the matter.
Raving alluded to this subject, it may be that
some gentlemen would hke to know what my 1
opinions are in regard tothoapproaclnngelootioii j
of President, or whether I would vote for a man i
who advocates the doctrine of squatter sover- 1
cignty. Well, sir, I state to you now, as I have
stated to the people of my district, thai I care not ;
who the man maybe entertaining these views,
a lid claiming that a Territorial Legislature, either :
by unfriendly legislation or by lefusmg to legis- ■
late at alt, can cxclude slavery from such Tern- i
tones, and that Congress, in such case, cannot or
ought not to pass lews protecting slave property, ;
can never receive my vote for President of the j
United States—Democrat as 1 have always been, i
I will not consent, under any circumstances, so j
far to stultify myself and injure the South as to I
lend support to any such heresies. There was
a time when L looked upon Judge Douglas as
the great man of the party. And I may safely
say "that if he had not gone off upon this Lecomp-
ton question, at the approaching Charle;ton con-
vention the whole South would have gone for
him; and had he not become sectionahzed by his
course uptrn that question, he would not only
have come out of that convention with the South
united for him, but he would have gone into the
Presidency beyond a doubt. But I now assert,
in the most emphatic language, that if he shall be
the nominee of that convention, I care not upon
what platform he may stand, I will not cast my
vote for him.
Mr. LOGAN. I wish right hcic to contrast
my Democracy with that of the gentleman. As
this matter has been brought up, I wish to say,
and I believe I express the views of my Demo-
cratic colleagues from Illinois, that we will vote
for the nominee of the Charleston convention
whoever ho may be, whether from the North,
South, East, or West, for the purpose of putting
down the Republican party. [Applause in the
galleries.]
Mr. SINGLETON. I thank the gentleman for
informing me of the difference of opinion between
him and myself. If that is the way the gentleman
proposes to put down the Black Republican party
by voting for a man who denies protection to
slave property in the Territories, I must decline
the honor of taking part with him m such election.
I do not wish to be misunderstood upon this ques-
tion . 1 shall here and elsewhere endeavor to define
my position in language that shall convey my
ideas.
Mr. ADRAIN. I wish to ask the gentleman
| from Mississippi if he supported the Kansas-
. Nebraska bill?
| Mr. SINGLETON. I did.
i Mr. ADRAIN. Then I ask the gentleman if
' that bill does not leave the people of the Territo-
! ries perfectly free to regulate the question of sla-
! very for themselves, and whether the position
■ taken by Judge Douglas is not the position upon
winch the gentleman supported that bill?
! Mr. SINGLETON. Yes, sir; the Kansas and
Nebraska bill leaves this question to be settled by
the people themselves, but itniust beat the proper
time; and that is when they make their c-onstitu-
, tion, prior to coming into the Union as a State.
; Thev have not the right to regulate the question
1 of slavery anterior to that time.
Mr. ADRAIN. I wish to ask the gentleman
' another question. I wish to ask linn if the Kansas
! and Nebraska bill declares that the people of a
! Territory have not the right to settle the question
of slavery until they form a constitution prepara-
tory to coming into the Union :
Mr. SINGLETON. Yes, sir; that is the lan-
guage of the Kansas and Nebraska act.
Mr. ADRAIN. Well, sir; I deny that inter-
pretation of the act. On the contrary, it expressly
says that it is its true intent and meaning not to
legislate slavery into any Territory, or to exclude
it. therefrom; but to leave the people perfectly free
to control it themselves.
Mr. SINGLETON. Yes, sir; I understand the
difference of intoipretation of this act between you
and myself. It is a very wide one.
Mr."ADRAIN. I am sorry that there should
be a difference between us.
Air. SINGLETON. I am not sorry. Men
h:\y - a right to hold their opinions here, and there
is no necessity tor shedding tjarsabout f he mnttr r.
Mr. ADRAIN. I am not defining my posi-
tion. My object was to understand the gentle-
man's position.
Air. (.'LARK, of New York. I would like to
ask the genlieman whether he understands the act
creating the territorial organizations for Utah and
New Mexico, as not permitting the people of those
Ti mtones to exclude slave) y while they remain
in a territorial condition'
Mr. SINGLETON, i Lave not examined the
provisions of that act very recently, and will not
undertake, at this moment, to answer tiie ques-
tion of the gentleman ill positive terms; but my
impression is, it bears no such interpretation.
Mr. CLAIIK, of New York. Weil, sir; 1
will simply say to my friend from Mexico [great
laughter] 
Mr. SINGLETON. Yery well, the gentleman
need not bo surprised before a great while to find
me coming from Mexico, for it will not be long
before we shall extend our borders in that direc-
tion. [Laughter.]
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I will simply say
to my friend from Mississippi that the language of
the actcreatingthe territorial organization for Utah
and New Mexico, permits them to come into the
Union with or withoutslavery, as they may see fit.
Now, if I understood the argument of the honor-
able gentleman, he insists that Congress has no
right to pass a law excluding slavery from the
Territories.
Mr. SINGLETON. I do.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Now, if the people
of the Territories, through their Legislative As-
semblies, cannot cxclude slavery, how is it pos-
sible, if slavery may go untrammeled into the
Territories, that Utah and New Mexico can come
into the Union without slavery, if they see fit?
Mr. SINGLETON. Precisely as every other
free State has come in. When they come to form
their State organization, they may exclude sla-
very if they think proper.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Perhaps the gen-
tleman from Mississippi docs not understand the
point of my question. The law creating the ter-
ritorial organizations of Utah and New Mexico
expressly declares that those two Territories may
come into the Union with or without slavery, as
they may see fit. Now, the argument of the gen-
tleman is that Congress cannot, by law, exclude
slavery from the Territories. His argument also
is that the people of a Territory cannot exclude
it. If these positions be sound, how is it possible
that that part of the compromise of 1850 can take
ciTcct ?
Mr. SINGLETON. I think the responsa I
have already given answers the question of the
gentleman: that the delegates m the convention
which meets to form a constitution and State gov-
ernment prior to coming into the Union may then
perform the firstact of sovereignty of theTcrritory,
and exclude slavery if they shall see fit. They
would not then be controlled by any act of Con-
gress, according to former precedents; and the
people of some of the Territories have even held
such conventions without the authority of an act
of Congress. The gentleman must know that
Territorial Legislature, do not make constitutions,
but delegates elected by the people for that purpose.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. There is a par-
ticular moment when the transition takes place
from a Territory to a State; and if slavery is there
the new State must come in with slavery. I ask
the gentleman whether it is possible, upon his own
theory, that Utah and New Mexico can come in
without slavery, even if the people shall see fit
to do so, as is provided m the organic act' Does^
the gentleman stand upon the compromises of
1850'
Mr. SINGLETON. Well, sir, I did not. I
made war upon them in my own State at the time
of their adoption, and I have never been satisfied
with them from that day to the present. The
people of my State, however, declared that they
would abide by them, and I agreed to acquiesce
in that decision simply because I could not do
otherwise.
Mr. C LARK, of New York. I ask if the terms
of the compromises of 1850 were not^that Utah
and New Aicxico may come into the Union with
or without slavery as they may see fit.''
Mr. SINGLETON. Certainly.
Mr. LAMAR. I understand that it is denied by
gentlemen upon the other side that the Kansas
bill specifies the mode and time when slavery
shall be excluded or admitted. I understood the
gentleman from New Jersey [Mr. Adp.aix] made
that denial.
Air. ADRAIN. Certainly.
Mr. LAMAR. And the gentlenranfrom New
York [Air. Oi.ark] made that denial. I now as-
sert that the Kansas-Nebraska bill expressly pre-
scribes the time when, and the mode m which,
that question may be determined; and a proscrip-
tion of that time and mode precludes any other
time and any other mode. After organizing the
Territory and defining its limits, the bill says:
" And when adp.utied as a State or States, the said Ter
l'ltonfi*, or any portion oi' too suine, than be leceived into
