2488
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
.May 29,
-were made during the administration of Gov-
ernor Claiborne, in 1804, and by which the claim
was confirmed to its different owners. It has been
stated by the Senator from Ohio, and has been
said loosely in debate, that the northern line ran
to the Mississippi river, and would have crossed
it and have included not only a largo. portion of
Louisiana but even of Arkansas. Now, by ref-
erence to those surveys, which were made during
the administration of Governor Claiborne, I find
that the south line ran to Lake Maurepas, and the
northern line runs to the Iberville river, not touch-
ing the Mississippi at any point.
Then,sir, the Senators who have discussed this
question are mistaken as to that matter in refer-
ence to the north line. Let us recapitulate. This
land was originally bought from an Indian tribe.
That purchase was confirmed by the Governor,
acknowledging without dispute the title upon the
river, but running back only forty arpents. The
next year he granted to them the.back lands, and
ordered the surveyors to run out the lands. The
surveyois ran out the back lands, but not ex-
tending the side lines beyond the distance neces-
sary to mark their direction; and immediately
upon the surveys being made, the grantees, before
the officials of Spain, publicly sold and transferred
their titles, claiming back to the river Iberville
and the Lake Maurepas. They mortgaged it; they
sold it. One of them died, and the syndic of his
creditors wished itsold-again. It was advertised.
It was referred to the Governor. The Governor,
knowing the claim, suspended the sale, ordered a
new advertisement—for what purpose ? In order
that the people of Louisiana might know that this
claim ran back more than fourleagues; and for no
other reason was the sale suspended. The rep-
resentatives of the sovereignty of Spain,in whom
was vested the eminent domain, not only recog-
nized this title, but suspended the sale, in order
that the inhabitants of the Territory might know
the extent of it; so that the land would bring its
full value.
"These are the facts as they are developed in
this debate. When the Louisiana Territory was
acquired, and Governor Claiborne was inaugu-
rated, and this commission was appointed by the
Government of the United States, these grantees
submitted their claims to the commission, and
they were affirmed. What was the condition
prescribed by the act of Congress to make perfect
the titles held by persons claiming under the
Spanish Crown ? It was that this board of com-
missioners should recommend it, that it should
be affirmed by Congress.. General PLunptou then
went to Louisiana, and finding that these persons
had been claiming these lands from 1776 down to
1804; that all the authorities of Spam had recog-
nized the title running back to the river Iberville,
or the Amite, and to the lake; finding that the
board of commissioners that had been appointed
by the United States Government had investigated
this claim,and had affirmed it, bought under those
circumstances, and paid $300,000 for the land and
some negroes upon it. There began the title of
these persons, who,by insinuation, are denounced
to-day. So, sir, about 1806, and after this board
of commissioners had recommended this claim—
it is true before Congress had confirmed it, but
after it had been recommended, and when, as I
have said, it had been acknowledged in every
manner, shape, and form m which the claim could
be acknowledged by the Spanish Government
and its representative—General Hampton bought
it, and paid that heavy amount for it. From that
time to this he and his heirs have been in posses-
sion of it.
There are now upon the Iloumas grant some
sixty steam engines. There have been expended
from the time of this purchase to the present year,
not thousands or hundreds of thousands, but mil-
lions of dollars in improvements, in clearing those
lands, in draining them, m building and keeping
up the levees, in puttingup machinery. For more
than half a century General Hampton and his de-
scendants have been in actual possession of these
lands, using them and cultivating them, and pay-
ing taxes to the Government. They have had the
actual possessio pedis. What was the condition to
make perfect the title under which he bought, by
the act of 1805? It was that the report of these
cormftissioners should be affirmed by Congress.
From 1804 until 1858 it was not affirmed; but in
1858 the Congress of the United Suites did affirm
the report of those commissioners, and declared
that the title vested'in these persons.
Then, sir, the question arises, shall we now
repeal that act? If we do, of what validity will
the repeal be r Are you going to play fast and
loose in this way longer ? Is there never to be a
time when titles are to be settled in this country ?
What is the sacredness of the titles of these squat-
ters, as they have been called ? The act of 1811
is cited by Judge Campbell, in the opinion which
has been referred to by Senators who are adverse
to this action on the part of the Federal Govern-
ment. I read from his opinion:
"[n 1811 Congress provided that, till after the decision of
Congiess thereon, no tract of land shall be offered for sale,
the claim to which has been, in due time and according to
law, pre^uited to the recorder of land titles in the district
of Louisiana, and filed in his office for thepuipose of being
Investigated by the commissioners appointed for ascertain-
ing the rights of persons claiming lands in the Territoiy of
Louisiana."
Judge Campbell says:
"This act is one founded on the plainest principles of
justice, and has been uniformly maintained, in the fullness
of its spirit, by the Supremo Couit of the United States.'
"Nothing would be more inequitable than an attempt
on the part'of the United States to involve the claimants,
whom they had brought befoic their own tribunals, with
the expectation that their rights would be ascertained in
a summary way, but in a spirit of equity and liberality in
litigations with other claimants, deriving their titles ex
post facto fiom tin-4 United States. No such conduct has
been countenanced by Congress, though this ca^e shows
very wanton violations of the act of 1811, by subordinate
officers of the Land Office department.
"The land cmbtacod m this claim was thus protected from
sale until the pleasure of Congress upon the report of the
boaid of eonmussionew.shall be made known."
Who are those subordinate officers? One was
this man Turner, who in 1829, for the first time,
ascertained that this was a defective title. He was
selected, I apprehend, as Dogberry did his con-
stable of the watch. Pie said to him, "You are
thought here to be the most senseless andfitman
for the constable of the watch; therefore, bear you
the lantern." From 1776 down to 1829, nobody
had ever doubted it; nobody hat} ever disputed it;
no department of the Government had ever raised
a question as to the title of the Houmas grant;
and then a Mr. Turner, a sort of deputy surveyor,
wrote a letter to the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, in Washington, that in his opinion
the title was not good.
Mr. TOOMBS. Mr. President, if my honor-
able friend will allow me, I will correct that as-
sertion, for it is a very important one. It is wholly
unfounded. Notwithstanding the report,Congress
had refused to confirm it down to 1858. They had
gone on a former report of the commissioners,
and down to 1858 they had steadily omitted, to
put it in the mildest language, to do it.
Mr. WIGFALL. Where, and what year?
Mr. TOOMBS. From 1807 until 1858.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Congress did not confirm
this act. That is what the Senator means.
Mr. TOOMBS. No, sir; they never did, and
they never ought to have done it. I just wanted
to correct that question of fact.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If the Senator from Texas
will permit me, he is perfectly accurate in his
statement. There was not a solitary voice raised
agdinst this title in this Government up to the year
1829; and all the Senator from Georgia now says
is, that Congress did not confirm the report of the
commissioners. That is what he calls opposing
this g^ant,
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, sir; they did it in every
shape and form.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Never, in any way or
shape.
Mr. W1GFALL. Mr. President, I had stated,
and I supposed that I had not made myself mis-
understood, that by the act of Congress by which
this board of commissioners was appointed, one
of the conditions was, that their recommendation
should be affirmed by Congress.
Mr. TOOMBS. That was the law.
Mr. WIGFALL. That was the law; and that
from the time this board of commissioners were
appointed, from the time this claim was submitted
to them until 1858, there had been no action; but
that, in 1858, (for that was my statement,) there
was action, and Congress confirmed the cases
which they had recommended.
Mr. TOOMBS. I will correct the Senator
again, if he will allow me.
Mr. WIGFALL. Certainly.
Mr, TOOMBS. The Senator is wrong. The
Hamptons applied in 1835. Congress would .not
grant it. In 1844 they got Governor Bibb to issue
a patent, and Congress passed a resolution, at the
instance of a Louisiana Senator, (Mr. Johnson,)
directmgthe Attorney General of the United States
to inquire into the case, and, if it was not good, to
institute proceedings to vacate that patent. The
Attorney General, now a Justice of the Supreme
Court of the United States, decided it was bad,
and ought not to have issued under the act of
1814, and they went to the courts, and the courts
did vacate the grant. That was positive action.
Mr. WIGFALL. Well, sir, I sa^, then, the
Government of the United States did not defi-
nitely act upon this matter; but the Treasury De-
partment—! believe it was Judge Bibb—ordered
a patent to be issued. That was vacated; and it
was upon that that this opinion of Judge Camp-
bell was delivered. In delivering that opinion,
whilst he declares that the Secretary of the Treas-
ury had not the right to issue these patents or
order them to be issued, Judge Campbell declared
that these squatters had no right to go upon the
land; and not only that,but that they were doing
it in open violation of an express statute of the
United States:
This act of 1811 not only provides against this
matter, or at least gives no authority for squat-
ting; but it prohibits the Government from open-
ing those lands, and prohibits anybody from set-
tling upon them. These men are not ordinary
squatters; but in open violation of the law, those
heads of five hundred families have gone upon
land that was claimed by private individuals; that
has been held for nearly a century; that was af-
firmed by the board of commissioners; that was-
never disaffirmed by the Government oftheUnited
States; that was once patented, and the patents
simply set aside; and the decision of the court that
set those patents aside, itself declared expressly,
that the land is not open for sale. Under these
circumstances, these persons have gone and squat-
tod upon private land, and now they come here
and impudently demand that an act of Congress,
affirming the decision of that board of commis-
sioners shall be repealed. For what purpose?
In order that their titles may be litigated.
Now, sir, what harm is done? Look at the
equities of this ease. Here is an individual who,
more than half a century ago, paid an enormous
sum for a portion of these lands. We see that half
a century before that they sold for $100. Thirty
years had rolled on, and they sold for that increased
amount. Now another half century has rolled
on, and the owners have expended fortunes upon
them. Under these circumstances, persons with-
out shadow of title come in here and ask that this
act affirming the decision (for it is nothing else) of
these three commissioners may be set aside, and
not only that they may be permitted to litigate
this matter, but that the Government of the Uni-
ted States will step in and assist them in litigating
it. Who now are the speculators ?
I care not what the original frauds mny have
been in purchasing from the Indians; I care not
what frauds, if any are alleged, may have been
made imposing upon the Spanish Government; I
say that when General Hampton bought, lie
bought such a title as any prudent man would
have supposed to have been good—a title that had
been three or four times acted upon by the author-
ities of Spam—a title that had been affirmed by
the commissioners of the United States, and from
that time until this he has held them. From 1811,
by act of Congress, no individual had a ri«;ht to
settle upon that land. By the act of 1858, the
title of General Hampton, with that of many other
persons, was affirmed, and having been affirmed,
whether right or wrong, this Senate has no right
to disaffirm it. We cannot divest vested titles.
The title havingbeen vested, it is out of our power
to divest it. If one hundred years of possession
cannot protect title, I ask what lapse of time will*
When I know that almost from the moment
Louisiana was acquired that General Hampton
and his descendants have been in possession of
this land; that he paid, originally, a vast sum for
it; that there are now some sixty steam engines
there employed in the cultivation and manufac-
ture of sugar; that thousands and thousands of
acres of this land have been open to cultivation;
that within the last few years individuals have
settled upon portions of this land, who have
avoided going upon land which they knew to be
