1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2439
public domain, and chose to go upon this which
they knew was claimed, some for one reason, and
some for another; some because the land was val-
uable, and others because they supposed they
could make something in the way of speculation,
by disputing the title and being bought off—when
I know that there is no bonajide settler upon this
land, and that the original purchasers have held
it for fifty years, and that their title has been af-
firmed, it seems to me to be going too far to ask
the American Congress now to step in and settle
a question which is properly to be adjudicated by
the courts. If the act of 1858 conveys anything,
it is merely the title of the Government. In the
very terms of that act, it saves " all claimants."
It does not interfere with nny one who has a just
claim, ltdoes notattempt to interfere with them.
It is, if 1 may use the expressions quit claim. It
simply provides that all the title this Government
then had, in 1858, should be confirmed to these
persons, saving and reserving, however, the rights
of adverse claimants. Under these circumstances,
it seems to mo that our proper course is simply to
leave this thing as we find it, and let these parties
litigate it, if they choose, among themselves.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I have not the
slightest intention of continuing this debate, by
entering into any question connected with the
title, for I do not see that 
Mr. POWELL. If the Senator from Delaware
will allow me, I will move an adjournment. It
is now neatly five o'clock.
Mr. BAYARD. My remarks will be very
brief.
Mr. GWIN. If we adjourn now, it need not be
with the exprctation of taking this bill up again.
Mr. LANE. It will bethc unfinished business.
Mr. TOOMBS. This is nothing more than a
private claim, and we should not take more than
one sitting at it. I do hope that wc shall dispose
of it this evening. I have not another word to
say. There is the report. I have'said all I have
to say; and I trust the question will be taken be-
fore we ad journ. We ought not to adjourn on a
matter of this kind. I am perfectly willing to
hear gentlemen, if they wish to repeat their argu-
ments. I will not open my mouth.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have not a word.
Mr. TOOMBS. Well, I have none.
Mr. BAYARD. I will not detain the Senate,
if gentlemen desire to take the vote; but I wish
merely to state  -
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope my friend from Dela-
ware will understand me. I will hear him with
great pleasure. I do not desire to reply; but 1
think we ought to dispose of this mattter.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not desire to detain the
Senate.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the Senator permit
me to interrupt him?
Mr. BAYARD. Allow me one moment. I
would rather the vote should be taken. I am will-
ing to waive the very brief explanation I intended
to make, and content myself with expressing the
ground on which I shall vote against this bill,
which is not connected with the question o,f title
at all; and that is, whether we ought or ought not
to have passed the law of 1858. I consider it ob-
ligatory upon us, and not revocable by legislative
act. I am willing to let it stand simply as giving
my own reason for my vote without entering into
the argument of the subject at all.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I was going to state to the
Senate that some Senators around me tell me that
they have not been able to listen to the whole de-
bate ; that it is an important question, and they wish
to read the debate as published, before voting.
Under these circumstances, I cannot refuse the
appeal to adjourn. 1 would prefer to have a vote
taken to-day, but sonx# Senators suggest that it
has been impossible to follow up the whole of this
debate by listening to everything said, and they
desire to read the debate.
Mr. TOOMBS. 1 hope that will not be done.
I think it is the duty of Senators, if they want
information, to listen to the debate, especially on
a mere private matter; that is a matter of no con-
cern to the public, or to anybody, except to the
individuals interested; and if we are going to sit
time after time on such a matter, we shall get
absolutely incapable to continue business. I am
willing to sit here until ten o'clock, if gentlemen
want to make speeches, but I do not think a gen-
tleman has any right to come here and say, I have
not listened to the debate, and I want to read it.
It was their business to listen to the debate, if
they want information; and I oppose the adjourn-
ment.
Mr. CAMERON. I hope the Senate will ad-
journ. This is a very important bill, not only as
affecting the title to an immensely valuable prop-
erty, but to some extent affecting the reputation
of distinguished persons. I have listened, since
I cams into the Senate, but I did not come in un-
til late, and besides, I would a great deal rather
have the Senate full, and would greatly prefer to
have more discussion on the subject. If we are
not to have discussion, I should like to have the
Senate full before taking the question. I think it
would be better to postpone it until to-morrow,
and now to adjourn. It is now five o'clotlc; and
therefore I move that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. TOOMBS. I call for the yeas and nays.
I hope we shall got through with this bill before
we adjourn. There isno necessity why we should
not. We shall not get it upagain for three months.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 22, nays 18; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Benjamin, Biglcr, Bragg, Cam-
eron, Chesnut, Clingman, Durkee, Hemphill, Lane, Mal-
lory, Mason, Nicholson, Pearee, Polk, Powell, Saulsbury,
Sebastian, Simmons, Wade, U'j^tail, and Wilkinson—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Brown, Chandler, Clark, Collamer, Crit-
tenden, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, Fitch, Fitzpatrick, Foot,
Green, Harlan, Johnson of Tennessee, Rice, Ten Eyck,
Toombs, and Wilson—18.
So the motion was agreed to; and tho Senate
adjourned.  __
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, May 29, 18G0.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. THEAKER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled an act
making appropriation for the support of the Mil-
itary Academy for the yearending J une 30,1861;
when the Speaker signed the same.
PROGRESS OF TUB USEFUL ARTS.
Mr. NIBLACK. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to take from the Speaker's
table Senate bill No. 10, in addition to an act to
promote the progress of tho useful arts, that it
may be referred to the Committee on Patents and
the Patent Office.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
ENROLLED BILLS. • •
Mr. DAVIDSON, from tho Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled a resolu-
tion and bills of the following title; which were
thereupon signed by the Speaker;
A resolution (S. No. 8) relating to the claim of
George Fisher, late of Florida, deceased;
An act (S. No. 63) for the relief of Mrs. Jane
McCrabb, widow of the late Captain John W.
McCrabb, assistant quartermaster United States
Army;
An act (S. No. 260) for the relief of Mrs.
Agatha O'Brien, widow of Brevet Major J. P. J.
O'Brien, late of the United States Army;
An act (S. No. 49) to grant the right of pre-
emption to a certain tract of land in the State of
Missouri to the heirs and legal representatives of
Thomas Maddin, deceased; and
An act (S. No. 521) for the relief of Jeremiah
Pendersrast.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. What is the reg-
ular order of business?
The SPEAKER. The regular order of business
is the consideration of the Pacific railroad biK;
the pending question being on the amendment of
the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Noell.]
Mr. FENTON. Have we not a morning hour?
Does this special order interfere with it?
The SPEAKER. Yes, sir. The special order
takes the whole day.
M. C. GRITZNER.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I appeal to
the House to take up Senate bill No. 377, for the
relief of a poor artisan, named M. C. Gritzner,
and to pass it now. It is for the relief of a man
who did some work on a contract which was not
carried out. I hope there wall be no objection to
its passage.
The bill was read.
Mr. HOUSTON. That bill is for the recovery
of damages, and it does seem to me that it ought
not to pass in this way, without consideration.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let me say
a word.
Mr. HOUSTON. I shall not object, when there
is an opportunity of a little investigation in the
House. I shall object to-day, but I will not objefct
if the gentleman calls it up some day when we can
talk five or ten minutes upon it. - '
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is hardly
worth while to talk that long about it.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then let it go.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Alabama object?
Mr. HOUSTON. I do object,
THE PACIFIC RAILROAD.
The House then resumed the consideration of
the special ordei—the Pacific railroad bill—tho'
pending question being upon the amendment
offered last evening by Mr. Noell.
Mr. CURTIS. I wish to say a word before the
gentleman from Missouri proceeds. I believo
that yesterday there was a suggestion made by
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Stanton] which
seemed to impeach the character of these corpo-
rators. Thefirst name in the bill is thatof William
H. Swift, of Massachusetts. An inquiry was
made by thegentleman from Ohio, which seemed
to reflect upon him. Now, I ask the member from
Massachusetts to say who William H. Swift is?
The gentleman from Ohio asked if he was "Live
Oak " Swift? I am told that he is an entirely dif-
ferent man; thathe is one of the first engineers in
the United States, who commenced the great West-
ern road in Massachusetts some twenty years ago,
and that ho has an unimpeached character.
Mr. STANTON. I was struck by the simi-
larity of name and residence; but I am told by
the gentleman from Massachusetts that this Wil-
liam H. Swift is an entirely different man from
"Live Oak " Swift.
Mr. CURTIS. And has a different name.
Mr. ELIOT. Mr. William C. N. Swift, of
New Bedford, who has been referred to in this
debate, is a neighbor and friend of mine. He is
a Democrat of the straitest sect, and, so far as
politics are concerned, I have no sympany with
him; but he is a gentleman, and there is no pro-
priety in alluding to him in connection with this
bril. He is a different man from the William H.
Swift named in this bill.
Mr. CURTIS. I wish to say also that the only
reason why I objected to the amendment yester-
day, was that I apprehended it might embarrass
the proceedings of the corporators. I do not
know that it will; but I suppose that they would
themselves do what we attempted to do yesterday.
I oppose these amendments because I do not wish
to complicate the matter.
Mr. NOELL. Mr. Speaker, I do not desire
to detain the House very long in explanation of
the object of my amendment. I propose to amend
the first section of the bill by striking out that
portion of it which requires this route to com-
mence by two branches—one on the western bor-
der of the State of Iowa, and the other on the
western border of the State of Missouri—and to
substitute in place of that provision another, re-
quiring-this road to commence on the western
boundary of the State of Texas, between the thir-
ty-fourth and thirty-sixth parallels of north lati-
tude; and to run thence by the mostdirectand prac-
ticable route to the eastern boundary of the State
of.Calif'ornia. The effect of this amendment will
be to confine this road to that scope of country
which lies between the States of Texas and Cali-
fornia, reducing the length about two thirds, and
makino- the distance over which the road contem-
plated m the amendment is to run something over
eight hundred miles. I propose also to strike out
the ward " one," in the same section of the bill,
which provides that alternate sections shall be
given for one mile on each side of the road, and
to substitute the word "three." Sa that the
length of the road will be reduced two thirds, and
the quantity of land increased two thirds for each
mile.
Now, sir, [ understood the gentleman from Iowa
to say that the route proposed by the bill reported
from the committee is a central route. In the few
remarks which I propose to offer, I shall attempt
to show that the route proposed by the commit-
