1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4-75
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Department of the Interior, January 9,1860.
Dear Sir: hi reply to your inquiry relating to the cir-
cumstances of Genera! Bowman's resignations the office
of Superintendent ot' Printing, I feel it to ho my duty to
state such facts as have connected me with that transac-
tion.
Some time in March, 1859, the President sent to me to be
filed in this Department, the resignation of General G. W.
Bowman, late Superintendent of the Public Printing. The
exact date of the writing,! do not now remember, but it was
to take effect on the 11th day of April, 1859. On or before the
day this resignation was to take effect absolutely, I was ad-
vised that the contracts lor the engraving of the mechanical
portion of the Patent Office Report had not been given out,
and that inevitable delay would arise m the execution of
the work, unless the bids about that tune filed could be
acted on. 1 wished to avoid this delay, if possible, and, as
the President was not prepared at that time to designate a
successor, I suggested to him the propriety and public ne-
cessity of General Bowman's withdiawmg his original res-
ignation, and fixing another day for it to take effect. Genei al
Bowman was sent for. He was advised that the exigencies
of the service required him still to continue to discharge the
duties of his oilice. It is due to General Bowman to say,
that he at first expressed reluctance to yield, inasmuch as
he did not wish to he the editor of a Dcnmciatic paper while
he held an office under the Administration. I myself, how-
ever, saw no incompatibility m his doing so, particularly as
it was to bo held only till a successor could bo appointed
and qualified. He yielded to my suggestion. I permitted
him to withdraw his original unconditional resignation, and
file the one now in this Department, a copy of which jou
have seen.
The only object on my part was to secure a prompt per-
formance of the public service; and I behevc General Bow-
man yielded to my suggestion only from a sense of public
duty. ♦
The responsibility of changing the day on which this res-
ignation was to take effect was mine, and I am ready to
assume it. Yours, truly,
J. THOMPSON, Secretary.
Hon. Wilijam Bigler, United States Senate.
Mr. BIGLER. It will be seen that the Secre-
tary makes reference to the main duties which
General Bowman performed as Superintendent
after he assumed the control of the newspaper,
and it will appear that the contracts of which the
Scerctary speaks were all awarded to the lowest
bidder, no discretion whatever was exerciscd; and
it is equally true that after that date General Bow-
man performed no duty which admitted of any
corrupt practice that could in any way influence
the amount which Mr. Wendell was to be paid
as Public Printer. The whole testimony proves
that he was peculiarly sensitive about holding an
office and at the same time publishing a partisan
paper.
Now, sir, I have very little disposition to pur-
sue this subject further. I think I have shown
that General Bowman is in no way criminated,
that he is without blemish. He had no connec-
tion with the Public Printing whatever; no inter-
est direct or indirect m it; and he stands here in
such a position that the most scrupulous Demo-
crat can vote for him with propriety.
As to the first position taken by my friend from
Mississippi, I have only to say, as I told him be-
fore, I regretted that the editor of the Constitu-
tion thought it his duty to criticise the Senator's
speech, especially a speech made in the Senator's
own State. But the Senator must remember that
he had commenced this war. He criticised the
course of Mr. Bowman's paper. Whilst he com-
plains that the speech was not published, perhaps
the editors could complain that their editorials
were not read in Mississippi, that there was no
knowing whether the criticism of the Senator was
just or not; but that is a matter between them-
selves, and he very properly says that he does not
ask Senators to consider that question.
Another of the reasons why he will not vote
for General Bowman is, that he indorsed a letter
written by William C. Smedes. Well, sir, as I
understand that, Mr. Bowman did not know who
Mr. Smedes was, or what party he belonged to.
He saw the letter, and, so far as it related to the
question of slavery, he approved ofits sentiments,
and said so. That is the sum and substance of
his offending.
Now, as to the associate editor: the Senator is
not willing to vote for General Bowman because of
his association with Mr. Browne; because he be-
lieves Mr. Browne to be of foreign birth, and that
he has never been naturalized. That is a far-
fetched objection; but I have the authority of Mr.
Browne for saying that Mr. Brown* is mistaken;
and I here, in my place, tell Mr. Brown that Mr.
Browne is a naturalized citizen—has been nat-
uralized for years.
Mr. BROWN. Will the Senator oblige "me
by saying in what court ?
Mr. BIGLER. I have not the papers.
Mr. BROWN. I should like to have the de-
tails, because I am in doubt about it.
Mr. BIGLER. I have in my possession the
letter of the gentleman himself, in which he states
the fact. That is my authority, and I will ask
the Clerk to read it. ["Oh, no!'"] It is not
worthwhile to read it. Here it is; the Senator
from Mississippi can read it.
Mr. BROWN. No, sir. I ask if we have
evidence of the paper of naturalization to show in
what court he was naturalized ?
Several Senators. Read it.
Mr. BIGLER. I presume the Senator from
Mississippi hardly expects that I came in here
armed with papers to get Mr. Browne a vote. I
am not in possession of his naturalization papers.
If I supposed for one moment that the word of
this gentleman was not good, I would not vote
for Mr. Bowman if he would associate with any
man capable of such an imposition.
Mr. BROWN. If the Senator will allow me,
there was something I thought tantalizing in the
manner of the Senator, and I was betrayed a
moment ago into using an expression I ought not
to have used. If Mr. Browne says he has been
naturalized, of course I must take it.
Mr. BIGLER. That is all I know of it. If
he were not a naturalized citizen, 1 could very
well excuse the prejudices of the Senator. But,
sir, if naturalized, as I believe, he is a citizen of
the United States, equal in every particular to the
Senator from Mississippi or myself; entitled to
vote and entitled to hold an office; entitled to the
protection of the Government, and, I doubt not,
ready to serve it against its enemies.
Mr. BROWN. "Very well, sir; that is enough.
Mr. BIGLER. Now, sir, I ask the pardon of
the Senate for having troubled them so long on
this question; but, as I said in the beginning-, I
could not respect myself if I allowed one whom
I had known through a long career as a most
exemplary citizen, to be charged with acts winch
would destroy his moral character without say-
ing something in his defense.
Now, a single word on this general subject, as
to the other side. I know what may be said, and
what will be said, on this general question of
printing; but 1 assert, without fear of contradic-
tion, that the law has been observed in every par-
ticular by the Departments and by the President.
Do you want to set up any other standard ? What
more will you have executive officers do; or what
else should they do? They have carried out the
law scrupulously. Will Senators setup some other
standard; or will somebody say that the legitimate
profits, under the law, may notgo to partisan ends ?
Will my colleague over there say that, when he gets
to be President, the proceeds or profits of any such
business shall not be applied to sustain apolitical
paper, if the recipient of that patronage sees proper
to so apply it? or would the Senator from New
^kjork lay down some other standard ? Why, sir,
this all becomes private property, and I aver that
many of the points m this discussion have had
reference to matters slieerly private, with which
we have no connection, and with which we have
no business. It is for these gentlemen to do as
they please with what they earn. If they see
proper to take a contract for printing, with the
understanding that they are publishing a party
paper, I presume they will carry that out in good
faith. I could allude to an item of public printing
in this city, now given by Congress, perhaps as
valuable as any of it, to a paper belonging to the
Opposition, at least not a Democratic, paper; and
T venture to predict now that the heads of Depart-
ments, when the Opposition on the other side get
into power, if they ever get into power—and, so
far as I am concerned, they never shall—but when
they do getinto power, they will give their patron-
age to their partisan friends and their party news-
papers; and if they strictly carry out the law,
they will not agree to be assailed because the
profits under that law are too high, or because
the skill of printers has made those profits large.
This is all 1 have to say on this subject.
Mr. BROWN. I do not rise at this moment
to reply to the Senator from Pennsylvania, but I
asked him, in the progress of his remarks, to al-
low to have read in connection with the letter of
Attorney General Black, what Mr. Bowman had
himself said on that subject, and I should have
been veiy e:lad if he had allowed it to be put in
that connection. He did not choose to allow me
then to do it. I send it to the Clerk now to be
read.
Mr. BIGLER. I simply desire to remark that
a communication which meets one point of ob-
jection made by the Senator from Mississippi, I
overlooked. It bearsupon two points: one is the
willingness of Mr. Bowman, if elected, to con-
form himself to any law which may be passed,
and another is that it is his intention to superin-
tend the execution of this work himself. He will
be the printer, and it will not be sold out to any-
body else. I present that letter now:
Washington, January 9,1860.
Sir : I have been informed that in the Democratic caucus
of the Senate the question has been raised as to whether,
in ease of my election as Printer, 1 should submit to any
reform or modification of the present printing law which
Congress may adopt.
1 beg leave to inform you, and through you the Demo-
cratic Senatois, that T shall abide any law that Congress
may enact, and perform the work in conformity thereto;
or, in case 1 find that such reform of the present law ren-
ders it impossible fomne to do the work without loss, I shall
resign the ofiicc. It is my intention, if elected,- to super-
vise the execution of the work in person, and use gvery
exertion, that u may be done well ond satisfactorily.
1 have the honor to be, sir, your obedient, humble ser-
vant, GEO. W. BOWMAN.
To lion. J. D. Bright, U. S. Senator, #c., 4'c-, §c.
Mr. HALE. I want to ask a question, and only
one question. I want to know if he indicates what
newspapers are to share the plunder this year?
That js all. I want to know if they are the same
old ones, or a new set? [Laughter.]
Mr. BROWN. I hope the Clerk will now read
what Mr. Bowman says; and I hope it will be
taken in connection with the letter of the Attorney
General. It need not all be read—a good deal of
it is unnecessary.
Mr. HALE, and others. Let us have it all.
Mr. BROWN. You may have it all read if
you choose; but a good deal of it does not bear
on the point. Go on, and read it all.
The letter was read, as follows:
Office of the Constitution,
W \shington, D C., December 20, 1859.
Silt: It has been communicated to me that, when my
name jyas mentioned yesteiday in the caucus of Demo-
cratic Senatois ns a candidatefor the office of Printer to the
Senate, allegations wcie preferred against me, with a view
to prove that I was unwoithy to receive the nomination.
1 understand that it was alleged, First, that while Super-
intendent ot the Public Printing, I received $3,000 fiom Mr.
Wendell, who was at the time printer to the executive
departments of the Government, for which I gave hnn a
icceipt, which was pioduced, and that 1 received that sum
improperly.
Second, that I had contracted to sell out the Senate print-
ing, in case of my election, to a third party for a fixed sum ;
and
Third, that I had improperly refused to print a speech of
Senator Brown's.
In answer to these charge*, T have the honor to inform
you that, m the month of April, 1859, at the in&tauce of
friends, and on the urgent entreaty of Mr. Wendell, I be-
came proprietor of the Union newspaper formeily owned
by .Air. Wendell, who represented that, while he owned the
paper, it had cost him between fifteen and eighteen thou-
sand dol lars over and above its income. As an inducement
to my acceptance of the transfer, Mr. Wendell agreed to
pay me $20,000 within a year from the date of the convey-
ance, §3,000 of which he promised to pay down, and the
balance during the year. This sum of $3,000 he did pay, as
above stated, and I gave him a reccipt therefor. The trans-
action was one of a puiely private and personal charaetei,
and had nothing whatever to do with my official duties, nor
u ith those of Mr. Wendell. It tiuc that, when Mi. Wen-
dell proposed to pav the $*20,000, he alluded to his income
as executive printer as the only visible means by which he
could pcifonn his promise, and that it was understood that
n was from that souico he would pay the sum- But it was
a matter of pcrfect indifference to me whence Mr. Wendell
deuved the means. It is manifest that Mr. Wendell must
have earned the §3,000 which he paid nw on the day of the
transitu of the Union, pieviously to that date. It is proper
! to add that, on the dav T concluded my arrangement with
' Mr. Wendell, I tendeied my resignation as Superintendent
of the Public Punting. as will be seen by the inclosed copy
of my letter to the President, dated 11th April, 1S59. [See
paper marked A.]
So f,u a? the discharge of my duties, while holding the
office, J challenge the closest investigation and most search-
ing scrutiny of all my acts.
As to the* second allegation, I have only to say that it is
entirely false. I nevei made any such contract, and never
contemplated making any such.
In reference to my alleged refusal to print Senator
Brown's speech, f have to state that some days ago, a gen-
tleman wholly unknown to me, called at the Constitution
office and requested me to publish Senator Bhoyvn's speecJi
as an advertisement in our Weekly. I replied that our
Hsue for that w cck was already printed and asked him to
leave his name, which he said was L. A. Bargie. As Mr.
Baigie gave no pioot that he was authorized to make any
request for Senaioi Brown, I paid no ftuther attention to
the application until he sent to me fora proof of thespeech.
On finding that £ had not printed it,he wrote to ask why I
had declined to do so; to wluch I sent a ieply, of which
the inclosed paper, marked B, a true copy.
