1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE .CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
53
36ti-i Coitc!-....1st Sess. Resistance to Black Republican Domination—Mr. Singleton.
Ho. op Reps.
the Union with or withoutslaveryastheirconstitutions may
prescribe at the time or' such admission."
Mr. McCLERNAND. But that does not pre-
vent the people from exercising that power before
that time. It carries no implication to that effect.
Mr. LAMAR. Expressio ujjtius est cxclusio
alterius.
Mr. McCLERNAND. That maxim docs not
apply.
Mr. GROW. When doctors disagree,, who
shall decide?
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I referred to the
bills organizing the Territories of Utah and New
Mexico, and not to that organizing Kansas.
Mr. SINGLETON. The power is left an open
one. They may come in with slavery or without
slavery, as they may determine; and the question
now is, when may they determine upon the char-
actor of their domestic institutions? I say, when
they frame their organic law, and not before.
They have no sovereignty, as I have shown, in
their territorial state, and they can exercise no
right whatever, independent of the authority of
the Congress of the Unned States. The very first
act of sovereignty they can do is in framing their
fundamental law. I11 that they have the light to
declare whether they will tolerate slavery or not.
A few words more and I shall conclude. I have
already detained the House longer than 1 intended.
The question now is, if we sever the connection
which binds us and the North together, how are
we to preserve the institution of slavery? There
is but one mode by which, in my humble judg-
ment, it can be perpetuated for any considerable
number of years. We may fail m that, but cer-
tainly it is the surest chance offered us to pre-
serve it. That mode is by expansion, and that
expansion must be 111 the direction of Mexico.
At present there is 110 settled government there.
It is, to all intents and purposes, defunct; and we
have the right, to the exclusion of all others, to
administer upon the estate; and when we have
wound it up, there being no better heirs than our-
selves, we will be compelled to hold that terri-
tory. That will afford us an outlet for slavery.
There is m Mexico a large extent of territory that
is suited to the cultivation of cotton, sugar, and
rice. In my opinion we must, and we arc com-
pelled to, expand in that direction, and thus per-
petuate it—a hundred or a thousand years it may
be. That is the only conceivable mode by which
that institution can be preserved, unless the people
of the North shall put down this Republican party,
open the Territories to us, protect slavery when
carried there, enforce the fugitive slave law, and
give us the full measure of our rights under the
Constitution. 1 ha\e but little hopes that they
will do this. It has been long a winning game
for politicians. This slavery agitation has been
the hobby upon which they have rode into office,
and they arc not willing to abandon it now.
It maybe asked, when will the time come when
we shall separate from the North? I say can-
didly, if the views expressed by the gentleman
from Iowa,arc,as he says,common to the Repub-
lican party, and if they are determined to enforce
those views, I declare myself ready to-djy. I
would not ask to delay the time a single hour. I
am willing to unite with the people of the South
for this purpose, at any time. I speak the words of
truth and soberness when I say that I believe a
majority of my constituents are prepared to take
that step. In the lastcanvass 1 occupied the same
ground I occupy to-day. An independent Dem-
ocrat ran against me, and attempted to put me
down upon my ultra southern views; and yet, m
a district of fourteen thousand votes, I was elected
by five thousand five hundred and sixty-four ma-
jority. But not only is my district, but I believe
every district in my State is prepared to take ground
in favor of a dissolution of the Union, when you
tell them that such are your sentiments and pur-
pose's. But it is not probable that we will do it
to-day or to-morrow. You ask me when will
the time come; when will the South be united?
It will be when you elect a Black Republican—
Hale, Scward, or Chase—President of the Uni-
ted States. Whenever you undertake to place
such a^ man to preside over the destinies of the
South, you may expect to sec us undivided and
indivisible friends, and to see all parties of the
South arraved to resist his inauguration. Can
we stand by and permit such a man as either of
those named, entertaining such sentiments, to
take the presidential chair? What should we
have to hope for? A man who will walk into the
United States Senate and put his hand upon the
Bible and take an oath to support the Constitu-
tion of the United States so long as he remains a
member of that body, and then, before he is fairly
seated in his place, rise up and declare that there
is a higher law than the Constitution to control
his action upo>i the subject of slavery, is not fit
to be ruler of the nation. We will never commit
our institutions to the keeping of a man who will
not respect the Constitution, though sworn to do
it. We can never quietly stand by and permit
the control of the Army and Navy to go into the
hands of a Black Republican President, elected by
a purely sectional vote, upon an anti-slavery plat-
form. It is known to you, as it is to me, that the
President has the right, to a great extent, to re-
move the officers of the Army and Navy without
giving a reason for his action. Whenever those
officers, therefore, render themselves obnoxious
to a Black Republican President, by refusing to
obey his behests, in his crusade against slavery
and slave owners, their places will be vacatcd to
make place for his minions and suppliant tools.
And thus, with the military and naval forces at his
command, he would be prepared to execute the
threats of coercion indulged in upon this floor by
his satellites.
Again, I believe the presidential appointments
number some one hundred and twenty thousand.
Of these, some fifty thousand are in the* South. If
Seward or any other man of like views be elected
President, I take it fur grant* d that no honorable
gentleman in the South will hold office under him.
1 would not do it myself; and I believe my con-
stituents and the people generally would take the
same high grounds. If there be found m the
South those who would be willing to take office
under him. they would be marked, and if not ex-
pelled from the community, would be looked upon
with great suspicion. Can you suppose that the
people of the South will permit fifty thousand
office-holders, or any number of them, to be sent
there as abolition emissaries, for the purpose of
stealing our slaves and encouraging insurrection
among them ? Is it to be presumed that we could
submit to such a state of things? No, sir; the
South will never submit to it, if 1 understand her
temper and disposition in regard to the matter.
So that, when the day shall arrive that a Black
Republican is elecied President of the United
States—a man who declares that there is an im-
pressible conflict going 011 between slave labor and
free labor, and that the former must give place to
the latter—and whenever such a man undertakes
to foreo himself upon us, then you will find that
every arm in the South will be nerved for resistance,
and that the days of the Republic are numbered.
If you mean to preserve the Union, there is but
one plan by which you can succeed in doing it.
Recede at once from the position you have taken;
throw open the 'XVrritorjes to us; acknowledge our
li^ht to settle th^nv, declaie to the world that if a
Territory apply for admission as a slave State, you
will at once, and without any ) enervation, admit
her; execute the fugitive sla\e law, however un-
pleasant 11 may be to you. £ive assurance to the
people of the South that when their slaves run
away, you will, at least, interpose no obstacles to
their recovery; cease your eternal war upon this
institution, and then we may expect the storm to
subside, the political waters to recede, and the
vessel of stale to light herself, and dance gayly
away before a prosperous breeze. I am no prophet,
nor the son of a prophet; but I tell you that un-
less you do this, unless you desist from the course
which you are pursuing, the historian now lives
who will write the sad epitaph of Ilium fait upon
the monument of the nation.
Mr. KILGORE. Mr. Clerk, [cries of "Sit
down,5' from the Republican benches,] I under-
stand the gentleman to assume that the South has
a right to secede from the Union peaceably, and
that he is in favor of peaceable secession.
Mr. SINGLETON. Yes, sir.
Mr. KILGORE. lie follows up that declaration,
however, by saying that the South will not permit
the inauguration of a Black Republican President.
I ask him how it can piwent that, peaceably?
Mr. SINGLETON. Why^sir, by severing
our connection with you. You may make him
President of the northern States, but you cannot
make him President of this Republic. I do claim
the right of peaceable secession. I say that the
States have the right to judge of the time and
manner of secession; and I should like to know
of the gentleman whether he would undertake to
prevent our going out, or to bring us back again
forcibly, if we do go out? .Will you answer that
question ?
Mr. KILGORE. I am not to answer for any-
body but myself.
Mr. SINGLETON. Then I want you to an-
swer for yourself.
Mr. KILGORE. So far as I am concerned, I
should regret exceedingly to see disunion. I rep-
resent a portion of the great West. We are a
conservative people. We are disposed to hold
this Union together, peaceably if we can; and we
are in favor of administering a little chastisement
on those who would attempt to resort to force to
overthrow the Government.
Mr. SINGLETON. Then yoiovould attempt
to force us back ?
Mr.KiLGORE. Yes; by alllegal and legitimate
means. If men commit treason, and levy war
against the Government, they must suffer for it.
Mr. SINGLETON. We do not intend to carry
on waragamstthe Government while we live under
it; but we do claim a right to sever all connection
with you. We were originally thirteen-sovereign
States, recognized as such by Great Britain, and
these sovereignties made the Constitution which
binds us together. When we leave you, weexpect
to occupy piecisely the same position that we did
before we came into the confederation of States.
1 thank the gentleman for the word " chastise-
ment." That is a thing which we do not submit
to in the South.
Mr. KILGORE. I did not use the word in an
offensive sense. I merely speak of the legal chas-
tisement of those who violate the laws or commit
treason. I meant 110 other chastisement.
Mr. SINGLETON. I am glad to hear the
gentleman explain it in that way; because there
are very few white people in the South who would
submit to anything of that sort, or even a threat
of the kind; and T accept the gentleman's expla-
nation. Whenever gentlemen undertake to play
that game with us, they will find us ready for
them. There is not a boy often years old in the
State of Mississippi who docs not know how to
handle the shot-gun and rifle. Whenever you
undertake to speak of chastisement, just let us
know what you mean, and we will engage to
take care of ourselves.
Mr. KILGORE. I repeat that I did not use
the word in an offensive sense; hut permit me to
say to the gentleman, that an acquaintance with
the use of the shot-gun and rifle is not restricted
to the South. They were the toys of my child-
hood, and tools of my trade, with which 1,111 part,
earned my living in after days.
Mr. SINGLETON. Well; I hope that, when
the time comes round, and you undertake to chas-
tise us, you will come down with your shot-gun.
I would advise you, however, not to encumber
yourself too much; because, m your flight, you
might wont to g;et rid of all unnecessary articles.
Sir. 1ULG0RE. I would say.to the gentle-
man, I am not one of the artillery that llies from
danger.
Mr. SINGLETON. Well; we will see when
you come down South. We will then be able to
test you.
Mr. KILGORE. But I am not going South.
[Laughter.]
Mr. SINGLETON. Does the gentleman pre-
tend to say that there is 110 time, in the htetory of
the Government, when a State may bccome the
judge of the mode and manner of redress against
the grievances of the General Government?
Mr. KILGORE. I say to the gentleman, em-
phatically, that any State of the Confederacy, if
improperly infringed upon by the powers of the
General Government, would have a right to se-
cede, after exhausting all legal and constitutional
means for redress, though it might amount to rev-
olution.
Mr. SINGLETON. Then, if a State has the
right to secede, how can the gentleman claim the
