476
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
Neither my colleague, Mr. W. M. Browne, nor myself,
In coming to the determination therein cxptessed, meant
to offer any indignity to Senator Brown. Wo iest?rve to
ourselves the right to publish or omit to publish what we
pleas©, white we always desire to do justice to everybody.
From the views expressed by Senatoi Brown,m the &peech
in question, and which, it wiU be remembered, were the
harshest condemnation of the course wre saw fit to pursue
on the question of slavery in the Territories, we dissented
at the time m our own columns. Senator Brown invited
th$ controversy by his speech and reiterated allusions to
our paper, and we believe that our remarks on the Senator's
condemnation of our opinions, were not uncalled for or
unjust. Wc differed from the Senator radically. We had
a right to do so, and no motive of personal interest shall
ever deter us from writing what our judgment telis us we
ought to write in the service of the party to which wc
belong.
With much respect, I am vour obedient bumble servant,
' GEO. W. BOWMAN.
To Hon. J. D. Bright, United States Senate.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I cannot get
my own consent to discuss any matter of personal
controversy between the editors of the Constitu-
tion and myself. I stated this morning that was
a mere private matter which iontrols my own
vote; it "does not belong to any one else, and I
decline all further notice of it.
Now, sir, in reference to the introduction of the
letter of the Secretary of the Interior, I have this
to say, distinctly and clearly, that if Mr. Thomp-
son knew what the law was, and knew the con-
tract into which Bowman had entered, then ho
advised Bowman to violate the law. Possibly, he
may not have known what the law on that sub-
ject was; he may not have known of this contract;
"but if he knew that Bowman had entered into the
contract, and knew what the law was on this sub-
ject, then 1 charge that he knew that he advised
a violation of the law. I do not think he did. I
know the Secretary of the Interior very well. He
and I served in Congress together twenty years
ago. I have the highest possible appreciation of
him as a man of honor, and a man of integrity;
but no amount of integrity can take the seal off
the bond. The law was violated. The law forbade
the Superintendent of the Public Printing from
having any interest in the public printing. My
charge is that Bowman did take an interest in it,
and did still continue to hold his commission, and
receive his pay as Superintendent, for more than
six weeks. That is my charge, and I onre not
who may certify—all the Secretaries and all the
Presidents may certify that tliey advised it; if
they advised it with a full knowledge of the facts,
they advised a violation of the law. 1 want the
Senator from Pennsylvania to show that Bowman
did not violate the law, and not that somebody
advised him to violate it.
Mr. BIGLER. I said distinctly that, in my
own judgment, he had not violated the law. and I
gave the reasons for that opinion.
Mr. BROWN. He did not! Does not the law
say, as I read it this morning, that the Superin-
tendent of the Public Printing-shall have no inter-
est, direct or indirect, in the public printing, and
did not Bowman have such interest six weeks be-
fore he ceased to receive his pay as Superintend-
ent ? Is not that true ? I care not who advised
the contract. I speak of facts; I speak of things
as they are; and not of who advised it, or who did
not advise it. If executive officers in high posi-
tion did not know of this contract between Wen-
dell and Bowman, as I hope they did not, I have
nothing to say against them. Judge Black, how-
ever, certainly knew of it. I am willing to be-
lieve Mr. Thompson did not know of it; I liope
he did not; but if he did, then I include him, dear
to my bosom as he has been, and as he is to-day.
I will not, in the discharge of a high public duty,
stop to count the cost of sacrificing private friend-
ships. I charge the fact to be that George W.
Bowman, in violation of the law, did accept an
interest 111 the public printing six weeks before he
gave up the superintcndcncy of the public print-
ing. That is true, and the papers show it. and
no protestation coming from any quarter shall
prevent my saying so. I should be exceedingly
reluctant to sever ties of personal friendship with
the Secretary of the Interior. They are of long
standing, they are closely knit; but if, with a
knowledge of all tlitse facts, he gave the advice,
I denounce it—1 denounce it as not warranted by
the laws of our country; and if the Secretary of
the Interior, friend as he is, and as lie has been,
chooses to except to my denunciation, then let it
be so. I want an honest administration of the
law, and we have not had it; and the Senator from
Pennsylvania has not answered the point. He
has not come te the point that the law was not
violated.
Mr. BIGLER. I beg the Senator's pardon.
The Senator from Mississippi does not pretend to
say that I rested this case on the statement of the
Secretary of the Interior. Certainly, I alleged
broadly and distinctly that Mr. Bowman, by the
contract with Mr. Wendell, though Superintend-
ent of Public Printing at the time, had notviolated
the law; that he had not that interest which the
law contemplated; and I went on to illustrate my
position. Certainly, the Senator remambers that.
Mr. BROWN. Of course 
Mr. BIGLER. One word more, if the Senator
pleases. Thatis apoint as to which there may bo
a difference of opinion, and he talks about sepa-
rating with the Secretary of the Interior. I hope
there .will be no separation anywhere about a dif-
ference of opinion on a question of this kind, the
question-being a legal one. Lawyers differ every
day.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President 
Mr. FITCH. Will the Senator give way to
allow me to explain ?
Mr. BROWN. I yield.
Mr. PITCH. In conjunction with my prede-
cessor as chairman of the Committee on Printing,
I looked into this matter a little, and can relieve
the Secretary of the Interior and Attorney Gen-
era) Black from a charge of anything like collu-
sion in a wrong.
Mr. BROWN. I did not say there was any
collusion.
Mr. FITCH. I did not understand the Sena-
tor to have said so. Mr. Black's letter, in con-
nection with the subject, has been read. He was
a witness to the contract. General Bowman ap-
pears to have sought his advice as to making
the contract. When Mr. Black advised and
witnessed the contract he doubtless supposed
General Bowman had resigned, as he had or did
immediately after. He (Mr. Black) probably
would not have advised the contract, unless with
the understanding that General Bowman had
resigned or would immediately do so. He did
resign; but subsequently, because, as Superin-
tendent. of the Public Printing, lie hud advertised
for bids for certain engraving, and because the ab-
sence of any Superintendent for the purpose of
opening these bids would throw more or less con-
fusion into that department of public business, the
Secretary of the Interior advised and requested
Mr. Bowman to withdraw that resignation and
give another of a subsequent date. The Secretary
made the request without any thought of the con-
tract between Bowman and Wendell, and I do
not know that lie knew any contract had been
entered into. 1 believe this to be a correct state-
ment of the matter. The Senator from Arkansas,
[Mr. Johnson,] who was with me during the in-
terview with the Secretary of the Interior, can put
me correct if I am not so. *
Mr. BROWN. I have no doubt that what the
Senator from Indiana has said is substantially
true, perhaps literally so; but that is not my point.
Bowman knew what the law was. He was bound
to know it. It was contained in one short act of
Congress, and tlmt act was the whole law to gov-
ern Turn in his office. I dare say other officials
may never have turned their attention to it; but
he knew, when he accepted an interest in the pub-
lic. printing, that he pointedly, plainly, and di-
rectly violated an act of Congress. He was bound
to know it; he could not read that he, was Super-
intendent of the Public Printing at all without
knowing it. It is said he was solicited to remain in
office by the Secretary of the Interior. The Sec-
retary may not have known of this law, and may
not, and I believe did not, lay sufficient stress on
it, either because he did not think of its existence,
or had but one idea about the matter. I know
Mr. Thompson perfectly well. Ho had, no doubt,
this idea: "this man will be useful for a few
weeks longer; therefore let him be retained."
But does the correspondence show that George
W. Bowman, who knew the law, called it to the
attention of the Secretary, and said: " I cannot,
without dishonoring myself, longer hold the of-
fice?" Did he do it? Did lie call the law to the
Secretary's attention and say, "though you ask
me to remain in office, I cannot do it without vio-
lating I he law ?" No such thing appears. That the
Secretary did precisely what he says he did, I have
no doubt is true; but that Bowman knew he was
violating the laws of his country, is also true;
there can be no question as to that, for he was
bound to know what the law was. I say again,
he could not read that he had a commission with-
out knowing that the law forbade his having any
interest, direct or indirect, in the public printing.
He accepted an interest in it; he accepted it under
a -written contract, and for weeks afterwards he
continued to receive his pay as Superintendent of
the Public Printing.
Gentlemen may make such plausible excuses
for these things as they choose. I am not here
to answer all the plausible excuses that may bo
rendered. I state facts, and I state them upon
the record. If I state facts incorrectly, correct
my facts. The Senator from Pennsylvania has
gone on to tell us how honest a ma"n Mr. Bowman
was in Pennsylvania; how he rejected this bribe
and how he rejected the other one. All that may
be true; I do not call that in question; I speak to
the point before us. I care not what he lias been
or wliat he may be in the future. He is now a
candidate before the Senate for the office of Public
Printer; and I have shown that lie must have
known what the law was, that he violated it, and
he must have done so deliberately. There is no
escape from the charge; and he who is capable of
violating the law deliberately for a small amount,
will violate it more flagrantly if the sum is in-
creased. I am for holding public functionaries
to the execution of the law as it is written. I am
very merciful, to those who may not know pre-
cisely what the law is. If an honest man, who
shows a fair record, comcs and says, "I did vio-
late this law, but I did it because I never had seen
the law," while that, I know, legally, is not a suf-
ficient excuse, it is in my heart. But the man
who knows what the law is, and then violates it,
and does so deliberately, never can have my con-
fidence. It is no excuse to say to me, we have not
suffered by it. It is no excuse to say to me that
we have not paid any more money than wc should
have done if the law had not been violated. There
is the violation of the law. If it is violated in one
regard, it may be violated in any other or in every
other regard. I hold that public functionaries
must obey the laws of their country; that what-
ever may be the inducements to the contrary, they
have no right to violate the law.
But, sir, I did not get up to make a speech, and
I am sorry that I have said so much.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I think my col-
league has behaved with due candor, and with
justice to himself, in avowing liis peisonal hos-
tility to the candidate presented, as it is known, by
the Democratic party, for Printer of the Senate.
He but exemplifies the well-known fact that self-
interest is apt to pervert our judgment, and passion
is the worst of counselors. One would suppose
that some flagrant violation of law had occurred,
that some great public interest had been assailed,
to listen to the very violent terms, the harsh lan-
guage, denunciatory of more than the candidate
for Printer, with which my colleague has ad-
dressed himself to this little question under con-
sideration—for little it is—the merest tempest in a
teapot by which a feather was ever tossed.
What is the case? My colleague announces
again and again that the laws of the land have
been violated, and that the man who violates them
in one instance will violate them in any other.
What is the law of the land ?
"That the Superintendent of the Public Printing shall
not iicdijectl) or mdnecll} interested m the business of
the public pnntinj;, ot m material to be used by the
Public Printer, or m any contiact for furnishing paper to
Uoiljrre^, or to any Department or bureau of tile Govern-
ment of the United States.
Then follows the penalty, which it is unneces-
sary to read. " Directly or indirectly interested in
the business of the public printing," is the lan-
guage of the law. Then, how does my colleague
undertake to prove that this gentleman was inter-
ested in the business of public printing? That
he purchased from the Public Printer a news-
paper  
Mr. BROWN. No—if my colleague will allow
mP—not that he purchased it, but that Mr. Wen-
dell gave the newspaper to Mr. Bowman without
consideration, and was to pay him $20,000 to
take it and conduct it. The papers show that
they looked to the public printing as the means
by which the $20,000 was to be paid.
Mr. DAVIS. Take the proposition as my col-
