1496
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2,
authority to legislate directly on the domestic in-
. terests of the Territories, then indeed is this bill,
and every other measure of equivalent effect, an
unwarrantable usurpation of power.
But how, sir, can any man maintain that po-
sition ? Is it not admitted that the territorial
governments derive their being and validity ex-
clusively from the act of Congress? They are not
the spontaneous creation of an autonomous power
in the people of the Territories; for, if they pos-
sessed an original and inherent right of self-gov-
ernment, they would be sovereign communities
instead of subordinate dependencies on a superior
authority.^ Whether from an express clause in
the Constitution, or by virtue of its function as
" the organism of Federal legislation, Congress ob-
tains jurisdiction over the Federal domain. For
purposes of convenience, it may employ the in-
strumentality of a territorial government in the
discharge of its trust; but Congress cannot abdi-
cate its power over the Territories, nor renounce
the obligations of its constitutional duty.
Whenever, therefore, its interposition is in-
voked by the public interests, and permitted by
the Constitution, Congress is obliged to correct
the errors and to repair the omissions of the Terri-
torial Legislature. And this control of Congress
over the Territories subsists to the last moment
of this territorial existence; insomuch that it may
supervise and annul the organic law of an incip-
ient State. This theory, sir, of congressional
power is sustained by the uniform policy of the
Government. Innumerable examples of interven-
tion attest the right of Congress to legislate di-
rectly on the interests of the Territories. An in-
variable reservation of power to ratify or to repeal
the acts of a Territorial Legislature, dissipates
every doubt as to the paramount authority of Con-
gress over the territorial dependencies of the con-
federate States.
The honorable member from Louisiana [Mr.
Taylor] concedes that the territorial government
- is the creature of Congress. He admits, too, that
Congress may, at its discretion, annul the organic
act ot a Territory. On what principles, then, of
logical consistency, docs he deny that Congress,
which may thus ordain a complete system of gov-
ernment for a Territory, is incompetent to enact
a single measure of legislation for that Territory ?
And if he admits the power of Congress to annul
the organic law of a Territory—annihilating at one
blow all the functions and faculties of its exist-
ence—how can he contest the right of Congress
to repeal a particular provision of the territorial
government? Sir, the honorable member cannot
sustain himself in tiie position which he occupies.
Either he must allirm the dogma of squatter sover-
eignty, contending for an original and inherent
power of self-government in theTorritories, in con-
travention of thcpatronugeandconU'olofCongress,
or else, admiring t/ie subordinate and depend-
ent relation of the Territories, he must acknowl-
edge their subjection to the paramount authority
of Congress.
These principles, I understand, Mr. Speaker,
have the assent of the honorable member from
North Carolina, [Mr. Branch;] yet he, too, is op-
posed to the bill from the Judiciary Committee.
In other words, he admits the power of Congress
to interpose for the suppression of polygamy in
Utah, but shrinks from its exertion, lest, by ap-
plication to another object, it be employed for the
extinction of slavery in the Territories. Sir, I am
surprised that so logical and accurate a thinker as
my honorable friend from North Carolina should
be misled by so false an analogy. The Repub-
lican party may associate polygamy and slavery
as " twin relics of barbarism;" but I dispute the
philosophy of the classification. I deny that, they
stand upon the same guarantees, and will fall to-
gether when driven from the shelter of a common
security. In the interest of slavery, i repudiate tho
suggestion that its rights in the Territories may be
impaired by any legitimate act of Federal legisla-
tion . The authority of Congress over the Territo-
ries is exclusive, but not absolute, being restricted
By the nature of its trust and the principles of the
Constitution. The Territories are the common
property of the States, and the power of Congress
over them cannot be perverted to the partial ad-
vantage of any section. That would be repugnant
to justice and subversive of the equality of the
States. Slavery exists under legal sanction in fif-
teen States of the Confederacy, and its-exclusion
by Congress from the Federal territory would be in
flagrant derogation of the rights of the South and
the equitable spirit of the Constitution. Where-
fore, Congress cannot interpose to the disparage-
ment of slavery in the Territories. But, polygamy
enjoys no such recognition and no such protec-
tion . It is not only unknown to the Constitution,
but is repugnant to every principle of republican
government. It does not exist m any State; but,
on the contrary, is prohibited, by penal enact-
ment, in every State of the Union. Hence I af-
firm that its suppression in the Territories by the
direct agency of Congress would promote the es-
tablished policy of the States, and operate in vin-
dication of the prevalent spirit of the Constitution.
There is, then, no association, no alliance, no
analogy between polygamy and slavery: and the
prohibition of the one system by an exertion of
Federal power in no way impairs the security of
the other.
Mr. Speaker, there remains still another objec-
tion on principle to the bill before the House.
Some gentlemen understand polygamy to bo an
institution of the Mormon Church, and, as such,
to enjoy impunity under that clause of the Consti-
tution which forbids the enactment of any law in
restraint of religious liberty.
<f Now, sir, this argument, if sound in principle,
will avail to cover any abomination which affects
a religious character. It will suffice for the pro-
tection of Thugism or Suttee, as well as polyg-
amy. Plainly, then, it is an unsound argument
and a pernicious philosophy which conducts to
such absurd and mischievous consequences.
But, sir, it is not true that polygamy pretends
to any religious sanction. It is not true that the
Mormonu practice it as a pious observance.
Mr. HOOPER. The gentleman from Virginia
is in error when he states that'polygamy is not
recognized by the religion of the people of Utah.
I say to him that it is recognized by the Mormon
faith.
Mr. PRYOR. Mr. Speaker, I have looked
through the Mormon Bible—a disgusting farrago
of nonsense and blasphemy, written in ribald par-
ody of the more obvious characteristics of Scripture
phraseology—I have examined this only dogmatic
exposition of tho Mormon faith, and nowhere do
I find a word in recognition of the practice of
polygamy.
It is objected again, sir, even by some of those
who approve the principles of the bill before the
House, that the coercive interposition of Congress
for the suppression of polygamy in the Territories
will provoke a violent resistance from the Mor-
mon population. Sir, this is tho first time I have
ever known an argument against legislation for
the abatement of an abuse to be based upon the
strength and indolence of that abuse. If, indeed,
it be true, that Mormonism is already so powerful
and audacious as to defy the legitimate authority of
Congress, then js there urgent need for the most
prompt and effective prohibition of polygamy.
The folly of the man in Horace, who waited for
the waters to pass by that he might cross the
river, will be surpassed by us, if we defer legis-
lation against polygamy from apprehension of its
resentment and resources. Sir, this objection to
the bill only commends it the more strongly to my
judgment.
Having, I trust, successfully surmounted th.e
difficulties in the way of congressional legislation
for the suppression of polygamy in the Territo-
ries, I cannot suppose it necessary to urge any
inducement to an immediate and vigorous exer-
tion of the power. I will not suspect for a mo-
ment that any gentleman here hesitates to apply
whatever authority Congress may possess to the
instant extirpation of that scandalous iniquity.
Its existence for so long a period has already
compromised the character of the country. Sir,
there is something shockingly incongruous in the
association of the polygamous practices of a bar-
barous age and a debased people with the Chris-
tian civilization of the nineteenth century and the
chastened liberties of this enlightened nation. We
may boast our freedom, our refinement, and our
power; but in tho glow of patriotic pride we must
blush with a sense of responsibility for the scar-
let superstitions of this Mormon sect.
What person of pure sensibilities and pious as-
pirations but is shocked and humiliated by the
bestial abominations of that outcast community?
They are a reproach in tho eves of the nations—
a reproach upon civil liberty, as exhibiting to
what extravagance of' licentious development re-
publican institutions may conduce; and areproach
upon religious freedom, as betraying the excesses
of depravity which may flourish under shelter of
indiscriminate toleration. Nor is the existence of
Mormonism an altogether insignificant obstruc-
tion in the path of our progress to material great-
ness. History abounds in impressive illustrations
of the lesson that polygamy is incompatible with
the nurture of a vigorous race and the energetic
development of political institutions. In our own
experience, Mormonism has exemplified the evils
of the system by the bitter fruits of sedition and
crime. If, then, we would avert the scorn of
Christendom, and protect our country from the
blight of the most consuming curse that can fall
upon a nation, let us not hesitate, because of any
scruple of legal technicality, to employ the most
efficacious expedient for the suppression of po-
lygamy within the limits of the Republic.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. Mr. Speaker, I recollect
a short time ago seeing an account of a colloquy
between two friends, in regard to the certainty of
the final coming of the millennium—when the lion
and lamb were to lie down together. One was
finally convinced by the other that the time would
eventually come, but he consoled himself in mak-
ing the admission, by saying that he had the
satisfaction of believing that the lamb would be
inside the lion. [Laughter.] We have the lion
and the lamb now apparently lying down together
in tho House of Representatives, and it remains
for the historian to ascertain hereafter which is the
lamb, and which is the lion. [Renewed laughter.]
For the first time since I have been a member of
Congress do I see—though with some slight ex-
hibitions of protest, it is true—my Democratic
friends and the Republican party harmonizing in
relation to this controverted and vexed question
of the legislative power of Congress over the do-
mestic institutions of the people of the Territories
of the United States. " To that complexion has
it come at last."
That my morality may not be questioned at any
future time, I announce in the beginning that I
shall vote for this bill, or any other measure hav-
ing in view the same end—the abolition of polyg-
amy in Utah. My readiness to do so is attribu-
table, I am sure, in a great degree, to my early
piety. [Laughter.] I believe sincerely, however,
that whoever votes for this bill understanding-ly,
and with a knowledge of the congressional power
involved in passing it, that man will hot be in a
position hereafter to deny consistently that Con-
gress, by " unfriendly legislation" -upon this and
kindred subjects, may cripple slavery in the Ter-
ritories. My friend from North Carolina [Mr.
Branch] felt the force of this when, a few days
ago, he presented a substitute for the bill. He is
a cautious and observant gentleman, and readily
perceived, as I suppose, that the first section of
the bill, which creates the offense of bigamy in
the Territories, was an admission that Congress
has the right or power to legislate in regard to the
" domestic institutions" of the people of the or-
ganized Territories. He offered his amendment
or substitute at the earliest possible moment—a
substitute which enables him to obviate the diffi-
culty I have pointed out; while at the same time
it makes a record which it will bo very convenient
for him to refer to hereafter when he gets into a
congressional canvass; and by which he will, no
doubt, be able satisfactorily to show his constitu-
ents that he had nothing to do with this transac-
tion. [Laughter.]
Mr. REAGAN. Does the gentleman's sup-
port of the bill rest upon the ground that he be-
lieves in doing so he is asserting the doctrine of
the powerof Congress overthe subject of slavery?
Mr. ETHERIDGE. The gentleman will know
all my reasons for favoring the passage of the bill
by waiting until I get through with my remarks.
I intend to b^ as clear and explicit as I can. 1
desire so to act and speak in regard to this matter
that neither my vote nor my reasons for it need
kc misunderstood. ^ think I understand the legal
effect of the bill; and my remarks are designed as
a kind warning to certain gentlemen who may
not have examined closely its provisions, and
who are not fully conscious of its lack of har-
mony with some modern political teachings. I
am not asking any gentleman to vote for the bill.
I have made up my mind to do so. This course
