54
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 4,
36th Cong.... 1st
The President's Message—Mr. Harlan.
Senate.
right for the remaining States to coerce us ? If a
State has the right of secession from the Union,
it is surely most illogical and unphiiosophical to
claim that there is an antagonistic right existing in
the General Government, ar in the other States, to
coerce her to stay in, or attempt to bring her back
against her will. We claim this right, and when-
ever the time comes, we mean to exercise it.
With my apologies to the House for this very
rambling speech. I have done.
THE l'KESIUENT'S MESSAGE.
SPEECH OF HON. JAMES HABLAN,
OF IOWA,
In the Senate, January 4, 1860.
Thp Senate having under consideration the motion of
Mr. Bright to print the Annual Message of the President
of the United States and the accompanying documents-
Mr. HARLAN said:
Mr. President: I was about to remark, when
I gave way fo&these personal explanations, that
the members Sf the two great political parties of
the -country may now begin to understand each
other. When the President says, m the message
now under consideration, that—
" The right has been established of every citizen to take
his property of any kind, including slaves, into the common
Terutories belonging equally to all the States of the Con-
federacy, and to have it protected there undor the Fedeiai
Constitution;" that neither Congros nor a 'iViritoiial
Legislature nor any human powpr has any authority to an-
nul or impau this vested right—
he speaks the opinion of every Democratic mem-
ber of the Senate, with the exception of one or
two, and I think the avowed opinion of nearly
every Democratic member of tho other branch of
Congress, including a majority of the Democratic
members from the State of Illinois. Now, sir, if
we admit this proposition to be true, tho corollary
must necessarily follow, that if this property in-
troduced into the Territories under the provisions
of the Constitution of the United States, is found
10 be insecure, it will become the duty of Con-
gress to provide the means for its legal protection.
The conclusion, admitting the premises, is irre-
sistible. WJien a member of the Senate of the
0mted States walks up to that tribunal, and with
his hand uplifted swears in the presence of God
and his countrymen to support the Constitution
of the United States, he cannot be construed to
mean a mere acquiescence in its provisions. He
swears to support the Constitution in his official
capacity as a Senator, as a legislator from whose
brain must emanate the laws necessary for the
protection of the rights guarantied by it. Hence,
if the alleged right to hold slaves in the Territo-
ries be conceded to be a constitutional right, he
who swears, in his official capacity as a legislator,
to support the Constitution must enact the jaws
necessary for its protection. The Republicans
deny the premises, and are not therefore bound
by the conclusion. The reason assigned on the
other side of this Chamber for this exposition of
the constitutional rights of slaveholders is much
broader m its application than has yet been stated.
It is said that the citizens of each State have
a common right to go into and enjoy the com-
mon territory"belonging to the Republic, because
it was purchased by the common blood and com-
mon treasure of the nation; that it would be fla-
grant injustice to the slaveholder to tax his purse
and his blood in procuring it, and then to exclude
him from its occupancy by denying him the right
to enter it with his slaves, But this reasoning
is as applicable to the States as to the Territories.
In the State I have the honor, in part, to represent
on this^ floor, in California, Oregon, Minnesota,
Wisconsin, and Illinois, from which slavery has
been excluded, not only by act of Congress, but
by the provisions of the State constitutions, there
is a large quantity of public land. If, then, the
introduction of slaves into the Territories can be
demanded by the slaveholder because of its pur-
chase from the common treasure, ho may, for the
same reason, demand its admission into all tine
States containing public domain. This argument
addresses itself rather to the convention which
framed the Constitution than to the Congress en-
gaged in administering it; only so far as it may be
used to throw light on the intention of its authors,
in explaining any ambiguous provision. It would
not be reasonable to suppose that the framers of
the Constitution intended to confer on Congress
power to enact laws that would inflict injustice on
the people of any of the States. But they were
framing a paramount law for the States as well as
the national domainoutside ofthcStates. Hence,
if this paramount law recognizes the right of the
slaveholder to slaves as property, and guaranties
the protection of such property outside of the States
authorizing its existence, by implication merely,
founded on the reason stated, it must protect it
wherever the facts exist on which the reason is
founded.
But, sir, the proposition to-exclude slavery from
the Territories is complained of as a badge of
odium; it is said to reflect disparagingly on the
people of the slave States. It has been denomina-
ted on the floor of the Senate "astigma"on them
and their institutions. Well, sir, this stigma—
this moral disparagement, is no more marked as
an act of Congress excluding slaves from the pub-
lic domain, than as an act of each of a majority
of the States of the Union, excluding slaves from
every place subject to their jurisdiction. A ma-
ority of the States have thus repudiated slavery
by their constitutions and their laws. Honorable
Senators, a few days since, denounced that pro-
vision of the Republican platform that denomi-
nates slavery and polygamy the twin relics of a
barbarous age, and intimated their inability to as-
sociate with its defenders on terms of a common
brotherhood, in consequence of the implied reflec-
tion on the moral character of those who own
slaves. We were distinctly informed that the
only certain mode of securing a return of this
kindly intercourse, was the abandonment of our
I platform and the dissolution of the Republican
1 party. But, sir, there is a much more distinct re-
lli*ciion on slavery contained in the constitutions
and laws of eighteen of the sovereign States of the
Confederation, in some of whom any act by which
a human being could bo held as a slave is declared
to be a felony, and is punishable by imprison-
ment in the penitentiary. Can harmony and broth-
erly feeling, in this Chamber, and throughout the
country, return while these odious constitutions
and laws exist? if the declaration m a political
platform, that slavery is a relic of a barbarous
a^e, occasions the modest demand from the other
side of the Chamber that the party shall be dis-
solved, under the pains and penalties of the loss
of the kindly feeling and friendship of slavehold-
ers and those who represent slave States, what
shall be said of the States who would punish
slaveholdmg as a felony, if attempted within their
jurisdiction ? Can this brotherly feeling be ex-
pected i^ntil these States abrogate their constitu-
tions and repeal these odious laws—that is, cease
to be free States and become slave States ?
But, sir, this demand that slaveholdmg shall
be approved by the people of the free States as
morally right, and slave property placed on a plat-
form of perfect equality with every other species
of property, is still broader in its application.
The people of the free States may cross the At-
lantic to any people on earth with whom we arc
on terms of peace and amity, and purchase prop-
erty of every kind that may be legally sold, ac-
cording to their laws, and "that may be legally
held in these States, and return with it with per-
fect impunity. Citizens of Iowa have sent to
Europe for horses and cattle and sheep and swin©
and domestic fowls, for the purpose of improving
the character of the stock at home; and when thus
abroad they claim the protection of the stars and
the stripes of this Republic, and if molested or
insulted would justly demand that the entire mil-
itary and naval power of the nation should he
called in requisition to avenge the insult or to re-
dress the wrong. But how is it when a citizen of
a slave State goes across the same Atlantic to a
country where commerce m slaves is perfectly
legitimate, and attempts to import a cargo of this
kind of stock to States of this Confederation m
which slaves are held as property? If arrested and
delivered to the authorities of the United States,
instead of securing the protection of his own Gov-
ernment, he is declared to be a pirate, an enemy
of the race, and will be hung by the neck until he
is dead. You claim that your slave property
shall be placed on a platform of perfect equality
under the laws of the United States with every
other species of property—that there shall be no
discrimination against it, no odious distinctions
against your institutions. Will you not, then,
be compelled to repeal the laws that make it " pi-
racy" to trade in^laves abroad ? To this conclu-
sion, as it seems to me, the Democratic party is
legitimately drifting.
The Republicans deny the promises. They
deny that slave property does or can exist out-
side of the States tolerating it. They deny that
we are required in the free States to contemplate
the people residing in any State, black or white,
as property. We treat all your inhabitants as
people. I deny that members of Congress are
required, as legislators, to treat those whom you
denominate slaves as property. I deny that the
Constitution treats of them as properly. It grants
you a representation for them, as "persons;" it
requires their return when they escape to other
States, as " persons owing service under the laws
of aState;" it authorizes Congress to inhibit their
immigration, after the year 1808, as "persons,"
and not as property. Hence, as a Senator, I will
legislate for them, and about them, in the light
only in which the Constitution describes them.
In the enactment of a law creating a government
for a new Territory, I will regard all of its people,
resident and prospective, as " persons," and pro-
vide for the protection of all their rights of person.
Tins leads me to the consideration of the power
of Congress to legislate for the Territories.
The possession of this power is now admitted
by the President, in the message under consider-
ation, and by every Democratic Senator on this
floor, as far as I am able to learn, with the excep-
tion of two. In the other branch of Congress
there appears to be equal unanimity. The hon-
orable Senator from Ohio [Mr. Pugii]—one of the
two exceptions—if I understood him correctly on
yesterday, denies the existence of this right on
constitutional grounds, as well as that of expe-
diency. Before, joining issue on the question of
expediency, it might be well to ascertain how far
we differ from each other, that we may not spend
our strength in fighting a shadow.
How far, then, do the Republicans propose to
legislate for the people of a Territory? Only so
far forth as may be necessary for the protection
of their natural rights from invasion from abroad
or subversion from within. The distinction be-
tween a despotism and a constitutional Govern-
ment is only this: in the former, the will of the
governing power is supreme, and may arbitrarily
dispose of the lives, liberty, property, conscience,
and character of the people; m the latter, the Gov-
ernment is restrained from the invasion of the
natural rights of man, by what is usually styled
a constitution. This is equally true of a repub-
lic or of a monarchy. It has never been claimed
in this country that a legislative body does pos-
sess, or ought to possess, unlimited legislative
power over the lives, and liberty, and property,
and consciences and character of the people. In
this country the people reserve these private rights;
they never surrender them to civil society. They
have maintained from the beginning, that every
just government among men, exists solely for their
protection. Hence, they have uniformly adopted
m each State a constitution—a fundamental law;
a law that is higher than the statute laws; a law
that is intended to control the action of the legis-
lature, the judiciary, and the executive; a law
that all these combined cannot set aside; a law that
defines the scope of legitimate legislative power;
that permits the legislature to enact all laws which,
in their judgment, arc necessary for the protection
of the natural rights of men, and no more.
The Republicans propose the same in relation
to the Territories; that in the Territories there
shall beafundamentallaw,adeclarationof rights,
such as was enacted by the Congress of the Uni-
ted States in the year 1787, in providing for the
government of the Territory of the United States
northwest of the Ohio river. To this act of the
old Congress it might be well for members of the
Senate to refer. An examination will demon-
strate that it is in fact "a constitution5' for the
people of that Territory. It contains every essen-
tial provision now contained in the constitution of
the State of Ohio. It contains every fundamental
characteristic of the constitutions of each and all
