1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
league states it. It is a transfer, if he does not
choose to call it a sale, of a newspaper owned by-
Mr. Wendell. Mr. Bowman says in his letter
that he expected him to be able to pay this $20,000
out of the profits of the public printing, but that
it was a matter of no importance to him where he
got the money. Now my colleague cannot fail to
be aware that this money was not to be made lifter
the contract and be received by Mr. Bowman
while Superintendent of the Public Printing. That
mighty period of six weeks during which, for
public considerations,hedid remain in office,could
not have been that in which this money was to be
earned. Moreover, my colleague has heard before
to-day that the Superintendent sat upon no case
invplving-any question of public printing after the
day when he purchased the Union. He knows,
as every one hq^e knows, that no public printing
was done at the Union office; that the owner of
that paper did the public printing elsewhere, and
as much before as after the sale of that paper. As
to the point which is made that he gave the paper
and $20,000, that is rendered extraordinary by
entirely jumping over and concealing the fact that
he was under obligations to keep up that paper;
that it was in the contract by whicn he became
Public Printer, by transfer, that he should main-
tain the paper which he purchased, together with
the right to do the public printing. So that to trans-
fer his obligation to keep up that paper (which he
held with the printing conferred upon the original
Printer, because he was the editor of that paper)
to Mr. Bowman, he agreed to pay a sum sufficient
to maintain the paper for one year. That is the
whole of it.
Now, sir, the business of public? printing, in
which the Superintendent of Printing was forbid-
den to have any interest, must have been that with
which he had official connection, directly or in-
directly. The law meant something. My col-
league is in the condition of those who stick in the
bark; he docs not go to thf meaning of the law.
What was the purpose of it? Of course to pre-
vent corruption, by not allowingthe Superintend-
ent of the Public Printing to be interested m that of
which he was the judge. Was Mr. Bowman, the
Superintendent of Printing, interested in that of
which he was to be the judge ? Does it not ap-
pear in evidence that he resigned when he made
this contract, and that he was only persuaded to
hold on for a short period in order to award con-
tracts for engraving, for which he had advertised
and which he was advised could not be so well
arranged if he went out ? Does it not appear, too,
that he sat on no case as judge in the matter of
public printing from the time he purchased the
Union newspaper? Is it not known, too, that it
was a period of the year in which that business
was not being carried on?
Mr. BROWN. In reply to that precise in-
quiry, I will say that it was the very period of the
year when he would be most likely to have an
overhauling of accounts. We ordered a large mass
of printing during the session—President's mes-
sages and documents, Patent Office reports, and
things of that sort, which had not been delivered
when we adjourned. Of course the work was
going on, and it was being paid for from week to
week, and there were accounts to be adjusted.
Mr. DAVIS. My colleague is evidently wrong;
but if he is right in the main, he is wrong in the
particular, because it appears that Mr. Bowman
did not have any accounts for public printing to
settle within the time; that it was in regard to
matters of engraving alone that he acted; and for
that purpose alone that he remained in office for
six weeKs longer than he designed; and the $3,000
—as mighty in dollars as the six weeks in time—
which he received during that period, was money
advanced to him to buy material to continue the
printing of the newspaper. So, at least, Mr. Bow-
man has told me. When he presented the fact to
the person with whom he made the contract, " you
have no material here to go on with this paper—I
must advance money anu buy materials to print
it;" he agreed to advance him a sum, of which he
has received $3,000.
This argument has been conducted as though
§20,000 was to be given to Mr. Bowman merely
if he would assume the obligation to keep up the
paper. I so answered it in the first instance; but
that is not a full statement of the case. Under the
act of 1855, the Superintendent of the Public Print-
ing had charge of the binding of the executive de-
partments; and, as that is the last act contained
m this little pamphlet, which is generally in the
hands of Senators, I fear they have been dieceived
by it. In the act of 1855, it is provided:
"Ail blank-books, binding, and ruling the same, for the
several Executive Departments, herein appropriated for,
shall be furnished undei the direction and supervision of the
Superintendent of the Public Printing."
That is not the law at this time; the Superin-
tendent of the Public Printing has now nothing
to do with it, as such. The act of 1856, in the
second section, after providing for other matters,
enacts:
" And that so much of the act approved 3d March, 1855,
as requires all blank books, binding, and ruling tor tUe sev-
eral Executive Departments to be furnished under the di-
rection and supervision of the Superintendent of the Pub-
lic Punting, be, and the same is hereby, repealed."
This gave to the heads of the Departments the
control of the executive binding. The Postmas-
ter General has the control of the prmtingof Post
Office blanks under a single condition of existing
laws. I refer to the act of 1852, which provides:
"And nothing herein contained shall prevent the head's
of Executive Departments from employing printers out of
the city of Washington to execute such punting for any of
said Departments a  may be tequircd for use out of Wash-
ington, when the same can be executed elsewhere as cheap
as at the rates herein specified, increased by the cost of
transporting the printed matter to the State or States where
such matter may be inquired foi use in the public service."
There are, then, two classes of cases subject to
the control of the Departments—one the binding
of the Executive Departments, the other the print-
ing of matter whicn is to be circulated outside
of Washington, under the restriction as to price
which is there contained. The Post Office blanks
constitute the great item in the printing of that
character. It was, then, the executive binding and
the printing of the Post Office blauks, over which
the editor of the Union might be expected to ex-
ercise some control; and in this contract., it will
be remarked, there was not a word said about
the public printing; it was the executive work.
It was nothing which appertained to Mr. Wen-
dell as Printer to the Senate. It was executive
work—binding which might be given to anybody
—printing to be circulated outside of the city of
Washington, which might be sent elsewhere to be
printed, or might be printed here. To keep the
good-will of the Executive Departments, which
good-will he had at first obtained by the purchase
of the paper, which was recognized as the Demo-
cratic organ in this city, and the editor of which
had been chosen Printer to the Senate, he became
invested with the profits of whatever attached to
the executive binding, and that character of exec-
utive printing which they could send out of the
District of Columbia. He then says to the person
who is to take the Union, through which he had
received this good-will and these profits, " as long
as I retain this executive work, I will pay you
$20,000 a year;'' which, I understand, is something
less than the profits upon the executive binding ana
the printing of the Post Office blanks. It is, then,
in fact, as though he had said, k' take this paper
off my hands; take the executive binding; and (if
the law permitted it) the printing of these blanks,
which will enable you to sustain the paper: and
then I shall be rid of that which has been to me
all th"e time a very great embarrassment, and rid
of the obligations under my contract for the pur-
chase of the Union." I ask mv colleague, is this
voting money out of the United; States Treasury?
Mr. BROWN. I will say, if my colleague will
allow me, that my charge was, that the man who
did the work for the Government got $20,000 less
than the Government paid for it, and that $20,000
was paid over to a man who did nothing.
Mr. DAVIS. The $20,000, or the $100,000,
whatever it be, which he got more than was neces-
sary, he got under the law.
Mr. BROWN. Then he ought to have kept it.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not think my colleague
could have been paying very much attention to
what I have said, "this executive work, which
is the term used in the contract, has nothing to
do with the printing which he receives as Senate
Printer.
Mr. BROWN. I knew that.
Mr. DAVIS. If my colleague knew that, I do
not see the force of his remark. That he gave to j
this man §20,000 to relieve him of the burden ©f j
sustaining a paper which he was under contract j
bound to maintain; and to enable him to retain the j
benefits of executive binding and executive print-1
ing, which he got because of his connection with
that paper, does not seem to me to be giving money
for nothing.
Mr. BROWN. My colleague does not sftem
to understand the point which I make, or else I
do not understand him. 1 stated this, that Wen-
dell got no more money for the public printing,
or there was no more paid,as I understood, than
the law justified; but that out of what Wendell
received for doing the work, he was required to
pay, somehow or other, $20,000 for the< support
of the Washington Union, which seemed to be a
losing concern. Then I asked whether this was
done under compulsion, or whether he did it vol-
untarily, as I could not suppose he did; because,
allowing that he had a great attachment for Dem-
ocratic principles, he would have very much more
than I nave to be willing to pay $20,000 a year to
support them. But there must have been com-
pulsion somewhere. I inquired where it was, and
why it was that he paid $20,000 for supporting a
newspaper after he had given it up. it was not
for the mere sake of the newspaper. He had bet-
ter have buried the thing-—do anything with if,
than pay $20,000 to keep it afloat. Now, my col-
league says he purchased the public printing. He
must have bought it out from Harris. Then, I
say that was an interest in the public printing, in
violation of the law which I read; that he became
the purchaser of the public printing; that he was
to pay, I suppose, so much money forit, and take
on himself all the incumbrances of the concern.
But my complaint of the concern is, that it does
not supportitself; and that by these various trans-
fers of public printigg&nd managing things around,
selling it to Wendell, this man and the other, after
all, $20,000 more is paid for the public printing
than the man gets who does it, and that #20,000
goes to support the concern. That is my com-
plaint. 1 want my colleague to understand, dis-
tinctly, $20,000 more is paid for the public work
than it is worth. Wendell does it; and then pays
§20,000, by all these various arrangements, to sus-
tain the Washington Union. I do not think the
thing is worth it.
Mr. DAVIS. My colleague always runs back
to the same position. He imagines all this money
to come out of the public printing for the Se ate,
whereas, as I am informed, for I am not acquainted
with the details, not a cent of it need-come from
that source; but the profits of the binding and the
executive printing were something greater than
twenty thousand dollars; so that whaler be the
profits of the public printing, it diet not follow
necessarily that any portion of that money would
be paid m compliance with this contract. Whether
it be. too much or tooblittle, is a matter of no im-
portance as connected with this question. That
is a matter for legislation.
Mr. BROWN. Then the Executive Govern-
ment ought to have recommended tlie proper legis-
lation.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator replies to me that
the cxecutivo Government ought to have recom-
mended that legislation. He was one of those
who helped to tear from the Executive Department
the control over its own printing, took to himself
the right to administer this matter, claimed to be
better able to fix the price of printing, and to exer-
cise control over the executive printing, than the
Departments themselves 
Mr. BROWN. 1 was never one of those who
assumed that if the executive Governmentlearned
the fact that twenty or forty or a larger number
of thousands of dollars were paid for the executive
printing than it cost, they.should not communi-
cate that fact to Congress. I think when the ex-
ecutive Government is fully informed that large
sums of money are being paid for the work over
and above what the man gets who does the work,
that fact had better be communicated, and let us
act on it.
Mr. DAVIS. I will not follow such a sug-
gestion as that further. Twenty thousand dollars
would be a very small percentage on the amount
invested in the public printing—a trifle such as no
man would regard a sufficient remuneration for the
capital, work, and risk necessarily involved. The
executive binding and printing, which Mr. Wen-
dell would lose if he lost the good-will which he
received by transmission through Harris, after
Harris had been elected Printer and sold out the
office to him, was exactly that from which it was
expected he would pay the amount which would
