1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1497
accords with my judgment, and unlike other gen-
tlemen, who may desire to act with reference to
the effect their course may have on their constit-
uents, I feel no such restraints. Having no polit-
ical future, because I have no political aspirations,
I am willing and anxious to meet this question,
and ready to aid in strangling this iniquity while
we may, without any reference whatever to the
fortunes of political parties. As I said before,
my advocacy of the bill, if gentlemen desire it,
maybe attributed to my early training—to the
moral precepts which were taughtme in my earlier
years.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. _ My friend from
Tennessee says he has no political future; but in
reference to his own piety he takes this position.
In respect to that piety, 1 ask him if he has a fu-
ture ?
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I have; and I will remind
my friend from New York, and toarn him, too, of
the old poetic saying, that
" Those who have grown gray in sin
Arc hardened in their crimes."
[Laughter.]
Now, sir, what I shall hereafter say is not to
be construed into an attack upon the bill. Ire-
peat, I am for it, sinccrcly so; and if this propo-
sition fails, I shall go for the next best proposi-
tion which, to any extent, will break up this den
of polygamists who now pollute the atmosphere
of Utah.
When the bill was first reported, and until
within the last few days, I supposed that it would
meet but little opposition. In fact, my sympathy
was somewhat excited at the inequality in num-
bers of the-advocates and opposcrs of this restrict-
ive measure; this interference with the conjugal
happiness of so many of our fellow-citizens in
this distant country. It is the first great battle
between the pious monogamists and the patri-
archal polygamists. Our conjugal friend from
Utah [Mr. Hooper] is, I apprehend, almost the
sole public champion of the happy state of many
of his most prosperous constituents; and really
the numerical odds which appear against him
excite my sympathy; for I feel always a gener-
ous sympathy for the few in their struggle with
the many.
But there is not only an important principle in
this bill, as well as a great duty to perform. That
principle I have already briefly referred to; and it
might as well be stated now as hereafter, that the
Republicans will not only claim the chief merit of
the passage of the bill, but they will point to it
in after times as a direct legislative admission of
the power of Congress over the domestic affairs
of the people of the organized Territories, includ-
ing negro slavery. Even now wc can observe them
exhibiting every mark of satisfaction as they be-
hold our extreme Democratic friends moving into
this political snare, which is contrary to the former
expositions of your platforms; and the kindness
of my nature alone prompts me to warn gentlemen
of the danger. I do not desire to have any one
misled by carelessness or inadvertence. This
Question of the power of Congress to regulate the
omestic institutions and relations of the tohite
people of Utah is one which necessarily and un-
avoidably brings up the whole question of the
power of Congress to govern those Territories in
everything which relates to their domestic affairs
—slavery included. Gentlemen feel it, and it is
useless to attempt to avoid the force of what I
have said by a denial only.
Now, 1 regret that this question of the power
of Congress to govern the Territories promises to
be, in the future as in the past, a controverted
one—a question which is to be always open and
controverted, and upon which it seems next to
impossible to obtain anything like unanimity on
the part of our public men. Every three or four
years, I am, out of obedience to what seems to be
the altered public sentiment of the South, required
by the Democratic party to change some former
opinion — to subscribe to some new dogma or
party platform. I hardly get my political cat-
echism memorized before I am required to re-
nounce its teachings and take lessons in another.
I was reading, aday-or two ago, from the opin-
ion of Judge Taney in the Dred Scott case, a re-
mark of his, which struck me with some force,
and though it was made in regard to another ques-
tion—to wit, whether or not a negro should be
regarded as a "citizen"—yet, if these words,
"negro" and "citizen," had been stricken out,
and " power of Congress over the Territories"
inserted, the Republican members would have
seized upon it as an argument to support their
construction of the Constitution. I will read it:
" We have the language of the Declaration of Independ-
ence, and of the Articles of Confederation, in addition to
the^lain words of the Constitution itself; we have the le-
gislation of the different States, before, about the time, and
since, the Constitution was adopted ; we have the legisla-
tion of Congress, from the time of its adoption to a recent
period; and we have the constant and uniform action of
the executive department, all concurring together, and lead-
ing to the same result."
What "result?" That the negro was not a
citizen of the United States within the meaning
of the Constitution.
Here we find the highest judicial tribunal of this
country pointing to the action of Congress for
sixty years, to the opinions of Attorneys General;
to the action of State Legislatures; to public opin-
ion itself, to show what was the proper construc-
tion of the Constitution in regard to the matter
which was then being considered. Previous to
1848-40, the action of Congress, the executive de-
partment, the opinions of those who formed the
Constitution, and the general acquiescence of the
people, all might have been referred to as an argu-
ment in favor of the correctness of the action of
the Government for the first sixty years of its
existence, in governing the Territories, andexer-
cismg an unquestioned jurisdiction to regulate the
domestic institutions of the people thereof. I say
this was the generally received opinion of our
public men up to 1848-49. Then the whole ques-
tion was reviewed, and it resulted, in 1850, in a
compromise of opinion, by which the whole sub-
ject of the government of the Territories was re-
ferred to the people—as in the case of New Mex-
ico and Utah—reserving only to Congress the
right to dissent from any legislative acts of the
Legislatures of these Territories which Congress
might not approve. Well, that doctrine was in-
corporated into the platforms of the Whig and
Democratic parties of 1852; and both these par-
ties, in the presidential contest of that year, de-
clared it should be thereafter adhered to; and all
parties were required to say that the congressional
legislation of 1850, m regard to the whole slavery
question in the Territories, should be forever
maintained.
Well, in 1854, the catechism was again revised
by the passage of the Kansas-Nebraska bill, the
principal feature of which was, that the legisla-
tion which Congress had applied to the Territo-
ries of Utah ana New Mexico was proper as far
as it went, but that it did not go far enough; that
you must give the people of Kansas and Nebraska
the power to regulate all their " domestic institu-
tions" in their own way, subject to no restraint
whatever, except the restraint imposed upon them
by the Constitution, which restraint, as every one
knew, existed before you imposed it by the terms
of the bill. But you went farther, and said that
you eared not what they might do in regard to
their " domestic institutions," you would not in-
terfere with them. Everybody was required to
give in to this new article in the Democratic cate-
chism ; to declare it the settled policy of the whole
country, and particularly of the South. Thus
stood the matter until I860, when the catechism
or Democratic confession of faith is as;ain to be
revised. All the teachings of the faithful in 1856
are now to be regarded as so much bosh; and 1 am
now required by the Democratic leaders of the
section of country in which I live to say that Con-
gress has plenary power over the Tcrntorics, pro-
vided always that that power shall be exercised
alone upon one side—[laughter] upon the south-
ern side. It—the power of Congress—according
to modern Democratic teaching, can be exercised
only in favor of the negro,-or, rather, in favor of
slavery in the Territories; and never against sla-
very. That is now the reading of the catechism.
It may not be published until alter the Charleston
convention; but it will soon have an indorsement
a thousand times more powerful than was given
to the Impending Crisis of Helper.
I revert to these things to show you how pub-
lic opinion has been unsettled by the action of
political conventions, and by the action of politi-
cians. And to-day no man can tell, with any de-
gree of certainty, what the people will be required
to believe in reference to the power of Congress
over the Territories four years hence. I confess
I am afloat; I am drifting along at the mercy of
the winds and waves, hoping and trusting that I
shall ultimately find some peaceful place to pil-
low my head—if nowhere else, at homo, among
those who would gladly see fraternal relations
restored among the brethren of a common coun-
try—a country they love because of its blessings.
I repeat, it is impossible that the people can keep
up with these new teachings and changes of those
who seek to control and direct public opinion.
Now, sir, what are domestic institutions ? They
consist.simply of husband and wife, parent and
child, guardian and ward, master and servant, and
master and slave. I believe this enumeration
embraces the entire list, as recognized in the law
books. Now, when you have said to the people'
of those Territories, that they may form and regu-
late their own domestic institutions in their own
way, subject only to the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States—which restriction Mr. Benton declared
was a stump spcech injected into the body of the
bill—you stipulated with them that they should
exercise this power in all cases. I have enumer-
ated all the domestic relations kqown to the laws
of this country; and I appeal to you whether I
have not enumerated them correctly. And I
ask, if Congress can take jurisdiction of the rela-
tion of husband and wife, may it not also exer-
cise jurisdiction in regard to another domestic re-
lation? Now, "forewarned is forearmed." I
know that many gentlemen will believe that I am
inviting attention to these things to produce " dif-
ficulties in the family." But I disclaim any such
purpose. There is domestic trouble enough in
Utah, without increasing it here. I have but an-
nounced my deliberate legal opinion, which I
trust I shall always have the moral courage to
avow whenever the occasion and my public duty
call for it. Domestic institutions have been
about the same from the beginning of time. Go
back to the days of Abraham. Ask my patri-
archal friend from Utah, the sole representative of
the domestic institutions" of the rising young
State of Utah—" domestic," I might say, in an
eminent degree, [laughter]—and he will tell you
that his constituents are attempting to perpetuate
the manners and customs of antiquity, and itisun-
candid in us to say that this bill does not interfere
with one of the " domestic institutions" of soci-
ety. The Delegate from Utah, who is the sole
representative ofthepeoplcofthatTcmtory, I am
sure will feel that the American Congress is dis-
posed to proscribe a portion of his fellow-citizens,
by interfering with their most cherished institu-
tion; and his sensibilities must be touchcd at the
prospect of passing a measure, the effect of which
will be to drive many a wife and matron from
homes which arc endeared by an exuberance of
conjugal love, and thus cause them to sorrow
alone m the face of an unsympathizing world
[Laughter.] Do you suppose the people of Utah
would have taken this liberty of remodeling their
domestic institutions, and falling back*upon the
customs of the patriarchal age, if you had not
given them the power to " form and regulate their
domestic institutions," and taught them that, in
all domestic affairs, " the people of a Territory, like
those of State," were sovereign and independent?
And should not some of our friends be lenient to
these deluded Mormons, who are so ready, for
their own justification, to appropriate to them-
selves the force of the example of the patriarchal
age? And do not these friends of ours—unne-
cessarily, I admit—also point to Abraham, with
his flocks and herds, his horses and his cattle, his
man-servants and his maid-servants, as n conclu-
sive authority and vindication for our own pe-
culiar institution, when assailed by fanaticism ?
And ought we not to be somewhat kind and for-
bearing, when we hear our patriarchal friend
from Utah exclaim, " We have Abraham to our
father." [Laughter.] I feel the force of these
things; but I shall not hesitate, because of these
considerations, to grapple with this monster, po-
lygamy, while it is in its infancy and may be
subdued.
Now, sir, 1 maintain that all writers on juris-
prudence who allude to the domestic relations
declare husband and wife to be among the most
sacred. That of master and servant, or master
and slave, arc certainly not regarded as any more
sacred than that of husband and wife and parent
( and child. If, sir, there is anything in the world
i for which, sooner than another, a man will peril
