56
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 4,
36th Coxa.... 1st Sess:
The President's Message—Mr. Harlan.
Senate.
not excluded by Congress, in enacting their or-
ganic laws, and which have been admitted into
the Union since the adoption of the Constitution,
the emigration of negroes lias been very large. I
find, by an examination of the census report for
1850, that in the State of Alabama, at that time,
forty-five per cent, of the whole population was
of the African race; in Arkansas, twenty-three
per cent.; in Florida,forty-six per cent.; in Ken-
tucky, twenty-three per cent.; in Louisiana, fifty-
one per cent.; in Mississippi, fifly-oncpcr cent.;
in Missouri, thirteen per cent.; in Tennessee,
twenty-five per cent.; in Texas, twenty-eight per
cent.
The emigration of negroes to the new States
of the Northwest, from which slavery had been
excluded, was very small. In 1850, the negro
population, compared with the whole population,
amounted, in California, to one per cent.; in Illi-
nois, six tenths of one per cent.; in Indiana, one
and one tenth per cent.; in Iowa, one tenth of one
percent.; in Michigan, six tenths of one per cent.;
m Ohio,one and two tenthsper cent.; in Wiscon-
sin, two tenths of one per cunt.; in Minnesota,
six tenths of one per cent.; and in Oregon, one
and a half per cent.
Nor has the exclusion of slavery from these
Territories stimulated an excessive emigration of
free negroes. In 1850, there were, m the nine
new slave States previously named, forty-one
thousand six hundred and forty-five free colored
persons, and in the nine new free States named,
containing double the white population of the
former, but forty-six thousand seven hundred and
thirty-six; in all the slave States, containing a
white population of about six millions, there were
two hundred and thirty-eight thousand one hun-
dred and oighty-six free negroes; and in all of the
free States, with more than thirteen million white
people, there were but our hundred and ninety-six
thousand two hundiedand sixty-two free negroes.
It is manifest, therefore, that the adoption of the
policy of the Republican party would people our
vast public domain with the white nice, without
inflicting an act of injustice, or easting the least
opprobrium on the castes of mankind, usually de-
nominated by the Democracy, the inferior races.
On the othi'v hand, /he direct and immediate
effect of continuing the policy of the Democratic
party, as defined by the President in his nmwsag.'.
and sustained by evei y Democratic memlx r of the
Senate and House, and the Democratic members
of the Supreme Court, would be to fill the virgin
Territories with negroes, wherever negro labor can
be made profitable. And, although it is manifest,
that negroes cannot, or will not, emigrate from their
old homes to new countries in large numbers, the
Democratic party, by its policy, proposes to secure
their rapid occupancy of all that part of the con-
tinent where the climate is supposed to be con-
genial to the negro temperament, and when- ne::ro
labor can be made piulitable, by an appeal to the
cupidity of slaveholders, who, it is expected, will
be prompted by interest to compel their slaves to
migrate from worn-out land s t o a fruitful and vi rgm
soil. Hence, their repeal of the Missouri com-
promise, which excluded slavery from the Ter-
ritories north of 36030' north latitude; hence their
refusal to pass Gnow's preemption bill, and the
homestead bill; and hence the enunciation of this
new Democratic dogma, "that Cougtess has no
power to pass laws excluding slavery from the
Territories."
It is insisted, however, that this whole question
m\£3t be decided by climate. That, m a southern
climate, the white man cannot endure labor; that
negro labor must be employed, or the country
must be abandoned, and the civilized world lose
its greatstaples, rice, tobacco, indigo, sugar, and
cotton. If true, this is a grave consideration; if
free negroes will not work m a warm climate, and
white men cannot work m a warm climate, and
these staples cannot be dispensed with by civilized
society, this is an end of the controversy.
On tiny point, I invite attention to the instruc-
tion^ history. How did the historian find men
originally located in regard to color? 1 will read
from a few authorities deemed standard works.
M. De Verey says:
<£ Do we not in fact behold the tawnv Hungarian dwell-
ing tor ages under the same parallel and m the same coun-
try with tae whitest nations of Euiope ;uud the red Peru-
vian, the blown Malay, the neatly white Abyssinian, hi the
very zones which the blackest people in the universe in-
habit? The natives of Van Diemen's Land are black,
wlnle Europeans of the ooriespondmg northern latitude are
white, and the Malabar*, in the most burning climate, arc
no browner than the Siberians."—Page 1315, ElUoUons^s
Human Physiology,
Dr. Morton says:
il The ti ibes which wander along the burning plains of the
equinoctial legion of America have no darker skins than
the mountaineers of the template zone. While rbc Guv-
aeas, under the line, aie chaiaeterized by a fair complexion,
the (Jharruas, who arcalnio>t black, mhabitthe tuueth de-
gree of south latitude; and tlv yet blacker Cahfoimans aie
2o° north of the equator.1'— hit;.: 1 118, ihul.
In Dr. Pritchard's Rest arches, volume i, it is
said:
"With rcspcct to the Polynesian tribe*, the fastest na-
tions are, in moat instances, those situated nearest the equa-
tor.-' " * * "* " VW shall find," with les'pect
to ttieAustralian tribes, "th.uthceomplexiondoesnot be-
come legulaily lighter as we iceede liom the inter-Uopical
clime ; toi the people of Van DicmenV Land, who are the
most distant from the equator, are black."—Page 4sy. See
iSostocVb Physiology, pUi;C 790.
Humboldt says:
"We found the people of the Rio Ne<rro swai thiev than
those of the lower Oimoeo; and yet the hanks ot the first
of these livers enjoy a much cooler climate than the mote
northern icgions. In theioie^tsofGuiana areseveialtribes
ot a whitish eomplexion ; \et the^o tribes have never min-
gled with Europ"<ms, and lire <-un'Ounded with other tribes
ot a daik blown hue. The Indians of the tot id zone, who
inhabit the most elevated pi.uns.of the Cordilleras of the
Andc*, and those who aie under the fuity-lifth degieeof
south latitude, have as copper, a complexion a> thot-e who,
undei a burm'nii climate, cultivate bananas in the naiiow-
oM and deep valleys of the equinoctial ie<;ions >'—Political
K-itrni on New Spain. See jiu«e 11 L>, ElUotson's Ihanun
l^ysioiogy.
Nott and Gliddon say:
" ft is nue that mo->t of the(black races aie found in Af-
nca; but, on the other hand, many equally black aie met
with in the temperate climate-. of India, Austtnha, and
Oeeamea, though dsil*u*ins? ineveiy attubute except color."
—1);pcs of Mankind. Nott end Gliddon, page 0.3.
Vroni these few citations, it becomes manifest
that color is not controlled by climate; and that
men of every hue mny he found in every latitude.
On this point, aufhmitiesare not discordant. I ut,
sii, while this is admitted lo he true in relation
to the mere color, it is claimed that climate de-
trimme?; the location of iaee, and that each race,
probably, had a distinct oi 12,111. and was adapted
to (he peeuharitas of the cliinnte in which it was
originally found; and, of course, that the history
of the origin of the human t'muly contained in
the Bible, is all a fiction. T have no doubt that
the views on this subject, which are nowentei-
tained by so many in the South, can be traced back
to a learned paper wnttcn at a recent poviod by
PiofiKM>r Agassis, and incorporated in the work
i.i.st cit'-d, which seems to hove hem written and
published very opportunely tosustam that changc
in public, opinion announced by the honorable
Senators fiom Virginia, the other day,as having
ta?n>'pnvd, wtthin a few years past, in Virginia
and the South. Tins learned naturalist insists
tint 'h'1 various rater? and nations of men were
originally found, by the historian, located in strict
conformity, to the "lloia and fauna" of every
country; or that each race and nation was, in fact,
apart of the fauna of the country where it ex-
is,ted. A general fauna, he says, exists, extend-
ing over all Europe, embracing the whole people,
and a local launapeculiar to each nation. But, in
North and South America, he says, we find a gen-
eral fauna embracing the whole country south of
the northern terminus of forests bordering on the
plains ot ice and snow inhabited by tin: Esqui-
maux, and that this whole region was found, by
the early navigators, in possession of but one type
of the human family. Nott and Gliddon adopt this
theory for the purpose of overturning- the opinion
so long entertained by the Christian world, that
Eve was "the mother of ail living." They say:
'•The whole continent of Amcuca, with its mountain
tangos and tahje lands, it-, valleys and low plains it1* wood*
and praine-s, cvhibiu.i" evetv vanctv ofc hmate which could
influence the natuie of man, is inhabited by one meat fam-
ily, that plenums a prevailing type."—Nott und GluMon,
page CO.
But this theory, so readily adopted by southern
political casuists, for another purpose, overturns
the dogma that the negro alone can labor and
flourish in the southern States, and within the
American tropics. The Indians have lived for un-
known centuries within the tropics, and through-
out the temperate zones of both continents. One
race has^occupied the whole country until diiven
out by Europeans.
Here is Professor Agassiz's classification of the
fauna of Europe, America, and Africa:
European Realm —Cuvier's portiait of a European, Bear,
Stag, Antelope, Goat, Sheep, Aueiochs, (TJos Urus.)
Jlyncrican Realm,—Indian Chief, Bear, Stag, Antelope,
Goat. Sheep, Bison, (Bos Amerieanus ) 0
Jljrican Realm—Mozambique Negio, Chimpanzee, Ele-
phant, Rhinoceios, Hippopotamus, YVai-I-log, Giiafife.
The argument drawn from this classification is,
that while people will flourish in any climate inhab-
ited by bears, stags, antelopes, goats, sheep,&c.;
that the Indian tribes will flourish where the same
general fauna is produced, and that the negro
will be healthy tind vigorous in any country that
produces the chimpanzee, elephant, rhinoceros,
hippopotamus, war-hog, and giraffe. Not one of
the last, named, if we except species of the mon-
key race, is found in America. If this argument,
founded on the fauna of a country, proves any-
thing, it is that the European is naturally capable
of inhabiting any part of the continent, as the gen-
eral fauna of Europe and America are substan-
tially the same throughout, and that the negro is
not fitted for the American realm, north or south,
as the fauna of Africa and America are totally
distinct. f
But if the white race, as laborers, arc not ex-
cluded by an unrcvealed law of God, written in
the productions of nature, it is maintained by
Democratic statesmen, especially m the North,
that they are excluded by southern malaria and
fevers. An examination of a large number of au-
thoritieson this subject,although not haimonious,
convinces me that negroes aie less liable to febrile
affections, and especially to attacks of yellow
fever, than white people. The best summing up
of authorities sustaining this opinion which I have
been able to find I wilt request the Secretary to
read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
'• The negioesot our southern States ate but little subject
to malarial tcveis; and while on the uoe plantation"! of
Ceoigia and South Carolina the white man cannot)CMde
tor (eat of the country fevci, the negio woiks with impunity,
exposed to the nnsot the broiling sun and to the hunmhiy
01 the ilooded field-- Dr. Ketehum, m a repoit on the
topo'jniphy. <amt!uy condition, and vital statistics of Mo-
bile, of the j-lavcH owned by the cieole population1
' They seem to be entnely exempt tiom the attack-; of yel-
low and bilioii'i le\ei> > Anothei witter, Di. IY dl"toi), of
Ceoi<ri,i, jrmaiks : k That the Ahiean is lc>-5 su-ceptible to
malaiiou-i inthience^ than the white, I have believed liom
gi'iieial ok>cr\ationhoietoforc. Although more exposed to
the eold dews and hot *-un of autumn, as well as having
moie tilth about their habitations, they seem to be less lia-
ble to pcnodic levels, and 11101c icaJily rcf-ovci than the
white.' In ilhiftiation of tin--!, Dr. Pendleton show1* that,
m the countvhe resides in, the numhei of idiopathic fevcis
among the whites greatly predominates over that among
the bhu kf-—being m the piopoitum of 14..") to 10 4 Atter
lemmkmir that congestive fever pievuiled epidemically in
his neighhoihoodjn'. Lcwn,oI Mobile, ^ays : ' Thcic wete,
in my piofe^ional encle, two blaek-. to otic white ; jet I
did not hee a .-nude carrot congc-.tive lex er in a negio;
1101 did 1 heai that any died of the diMMc-e m that :<eennn
of eouotiy 1 have made inqtiuie-.o! >eveial medical gen-
tieni''u who have long been piaetiemg in the r oumiy;
then expctience does not luatcuallv duiei fiom mmc. The
fact is, the remarkable excmptionhoni yellow fevci wlucji
this race enjoys, extend-, in a gicai, imagine, to alt the
malauout' fevei.v of hot climates; they mav all have inter-
mittent and light bilious fevets, as well as the mildei girde
of yellow fever; but it is only imdci cxnaoidinary circnm-
siances that the.-e diseases affect them &o cCiiou-lv as to
cau-«e denth 51—La Roche on the Yellow Fever, volume 1.,
pa?e G^.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, the authori-
ties arc not unanimous on this subject. There
are many learned writers who take udiiectly op-
posite view, and account for the apparent immu-
nity of negroes 011 the principle of acclimatization;
but the authorities certainly predominate on that
side of the question, and as far as my argument
is concerned I shall regard it as settled, that the
negro is less liable to the yellow and other fevers
than the white race. But whilst that is true,
authorities are equally harmonious in asserting
that the negro is more liable to other diseases,
among which I mention the ''elephant leg" and
the "yaws;55 and by an examination of the census
report of 1850 it will be seen that, on an average,
the negroes of the slave States do not live longer
than the white population; hence, if they are less
liable to certain causes of death, they must be
more liable to others. And it is also true, that
learned authorities are almost unanimous m as-
serting that females arc less liable to those same
diseases than males. I read from a work to which
