478
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
sustain the paper, and thus comply with his con-
tract to sustain it. If he lost the good-will, he
lost the executive binding and the printing of the
Post Office blanks, which constituted the large
items of "executive work."
As to my colleague's personal objection to the
editor who is a candidate for this office, I can see
something more of application m that than I can
in his personal objection to the associate editor,
who is not a candidate, and who is represented to
be a foreigner, and the heir-apparent of the title of
Marquis of Sligo; but his friend from Pennsyl-
vania informs us, and I am glad to know it, that
he has, under the operation of our beneficentlaws,
been promoted to the rank of a sovereign in his
own right. But whether it had been true, as was
first erroneously supposed by my colleague, that
the associate editor of the Constitution was an un-
naturalized citizen and heir-apparent to the title of
Marquis of Sligo or not, what has that to do with
Mr. Bowman's fitness to be Printer to the Senate ?
Mr. BROWN. If my colleague will allow me,
I will tell him why I referred to it. If we elect
Mr. Bowman at all, it is bccause he is the editor
of the Democratic organ. 1 know of no other
claim that he has. He has no means of doing the
work, and he does not pretend to have. He has
no special claims on us to elect him, unless that
he is editor of the organ. The objection I made
was, that he associated with himself, in the eon-
duct of the paper, a man of foreign birth, who
was not naturalized,and therefore not exactly cal-
culated to instruct the party. The Senator from
Pennsylvania got up and stated distinctly that he
was naturalized. 1 thought for a moment there
was a little something m the manner of the Sen-
ator which was not exactly gracious, and answered
that I wanted other evidence of it; but 1 rose pres-
ently and declared that if he said he was natural-
ized, that was quite sufficient, and I would not
prosecutc the inquiry any further. My complaint
distinctly was that Bowman had associated with
himself a man of foreign birth, who had not been
naturalized, to teach me Democracy, and I appeal
to my colleague whether that is proper. In an
organ to be sustained by our party here, I ask if
a man of foreign birth, not naturalized, is to be
put up to teli us what we ought to do?
Mr. DAVIS. In answer to that, I might say
that I might measure how far I would follow the
advice, by the character of the adviser; but the
right of a man to labor before he is naturalized,
is one whjph I never questioned; the right to labor
with his mind as well as with his hands. I was
gratified at the acquisition to the editorial corps
of the Constitution, of this gentleman of classical
learning and accomplishment; of extensive obser-
vation by travel, and the varied knowledge which
such opportunity has enabled him to acquire.
Mr. BROWN. 1 never doubted that any man
had a right to fabor intellectually as well asphysi-
cally, and make the most he could; but my doubt
is as to the right of a man not naturalized to come
and teach me Democracy in this country.
Mr. DAVIS. Well, I should have, some hes-
itation myself in accepting the judgment in rela-
tion to Democracy of a man who had not been
here long enough to learn what it was. I do not
know that I should object to have him express an
opinion, and would rather have an adverse judg-
ment upon my own course from such a source,
than from one whose circumstances would give
greater force to his decision.
Mr. BROWN. I should not object to it if it
were on his own responsibility; but this man be-
longs to the organ, and as such, speaks not only
for himself, but as the authorized exponent of
Democratic principles. That is my objection.
Mr. DAVIS. I will say to my colleague, as I
said to others when it occurred, that 1 was sorry
to see in the central Democratic organ a criticism
on his speech; but my colleague is a man of too
much practical knowledge to fail to perceive that,
wiien he assailed the editors of that paper, he i
must have expected them to retaliate; and I will !
say to him now, in all kindness—he cannot ex-
pect from me anything else—that I but find in the
case between himself and these editors, what I
have usually perceived when men quarrel, that
they were both wrong.
Mr. BROWN. That may be the opinion of my
colleague. I have not complained, and I hope no
Senator understands me as complaining that the
editors of the Constitution criticised my speech.
That they had the right to.do, and they had the
right to do it as they chose. My complaint is that
they, being the editors of the organ of the Demo-
cratic party, and I being a Democrat of thirty
years' standing, they criticised my speech insult-
ingly, and then refused the speech itself admission
into their columns. If they had published the
speech, they might have said anything they chose
about it, and I would not object; but I could not
get it in voluntarily or for pay.
Mr. DAVIS. The kind relations between my
colleague and myself, and the bond which binds
us together, as representing the same State, of
course made me feel somewhat sensitive to the
criticism to which he has referred. I did not feel
content when I saw a Senator from Mississippi
thus criticised in a Democratic organ; but the Sen-
ator must recollect that when he throws stones
he acknowledges the right that they may be thrown
back.
Mr. BROWN. No doubt about that, and I
am throwing my stones back; that is all.
Mr. DAVIS. Then as it is a controversy be-
tween them in which they each seem to have ac-
cepted the wager of the other, I cannot see how
it enters into the question of the fitness of the
Democratic nominee to be Public Printer.
Mr. BROWN. I said distinctly on that point,
that I hoped no one would vote against Mr. Bow-
man on that ground, but that it was a matter which
concerned myself alone; that having offered me a
personal affront, as there were plenty of other
people who could do the work just as well as
JBowman, I would take somebody else: that is all.
Mr. DAVIS. If a paper is expected to print
all the speeches of all the true, recognized, and
long-laboring Democrats, like my colleague, its
proprietors must have some funds other than the
circulation of the paper gives them, and that is a
fact which is known at the seat of government of
every State of the Union. No great party paper
yet has ever been expected to sustain itself by its
own circulation, in this city.
Mr. BROWN. I never claimed that they should
publish my speech. 1 only claimed that if they
denounced the speech m bitter terms, as they did,
they ought to lay it before their readers and let
them see what it was that they were denouncing.
I did not claim that they were bound to publish it.
Mr. DAVIS. I did not intend, of course, to
press the point, and will now leave it. My colleague
further objects to the present candidate because
of his avowed purpose to sell out the printing. The
candidate has answered to that; he has answered
to it as a distinctallegation—not only that he had
made no such contract, but that he did not con-
template any such.
As to his fitness, lie is a practical printer, and
showed a high capacity in matters of public print-
ing when he was Superintendent. I believe he is
thoroughly honest. My acquaintance with him
commenced while he was adjutant general of the
State of Pennsylvania, and 1 was in the War De-
partment. In a case to which the Senator from
Pennsylvania has this morning roferred, he be-
haved like a conscientious man. I heard of his
exhibiting the same trait in another matter, where
he declined extra compensation for services per-
formed as adjutant general of the State. In alihis
demeanor since he came to this place as Superin-
tendent of the Public Printing, I think we have
unmistakable marks of integrity of purpose. A
slip has been circulated through the Senate—one
has been sent to me, and, I suppose, to all other
Senators—in which he is especially arraigned for
having tried to cut down the price of the work of
his brother type-setters; and thus I think I perceive
something of that pursuit and misrepresentation
under which he has labored. It is from men who
want money for themselves, not who complain of
undeserved gains. The law, however, as it stands
at this time, a very recent act, forfeits the office of
Public Printer if it is transferred; so that in view
of the existing law it could not be farmed out, and
this is a sufficient answer to that apprehension.
A single point remains; my colleague says he
has been asked to wink at this thing in order to
sustain the organ at the seat of Government—to
vote $20,000 out of the United States Treasury to
sustain a newspaper. I do not know by whom
my colleague has been so asked. I do know that
if he has refused to do that, he has but done that
in which we fully concur.
Mr. BROWN. If my colleague will allow me,
he misunderstoodrac. I said 4' am I asked He
has said that I stated " I am asked."
Mr. DAVIS. Then putting it hypothetically,
if I am asked to do such a thing, I say no; I will
not take a dollar out of the public Treasury to sus-
tain an organ here or anywhere else. 1 am as
ready now as I have been in past times, to change
the law in relation to the printing of the Depart-
ments and of Congress, to have it let out to con-
tract or have it done in any other mode which may
be deemed most advisable. I prefer contract. I
will take no money out of the public Treasury to
sustain a Public Printer; but when a man of good
moral character, a practical printer of extensive
knowledge of his trade, presents himself as a can-
didate for Printer, the fact of his being connected
with a paper which maintains Democratic prin-
ciples and which will be useful*to us in every
struggle of the Democratic party against their op-
ponents, does commend him to me in making a
choice. I prefer him to a man who has nothing
of public advantage to give in return. I prefer
him who has a paper here which will be useful to
us in the coming great canvass for a President,
as a medium through which we may circulate the
information which will sustain sound principles.
Mr. BROWN. Will my colleague allow me
to interrupt him?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. BROWN. 1 ask him, does he think the
Washington Constitution, during the last sum-
mer, was promulgating sound Democratic princi-
ples?
Mr. DAVIS. I think the Constitution, in the
early part of the summer, was a good deal behind.
I think it advanced in the course of the summer,
and that towards the fall it contained some of the
best articles on the territorial question which I
had seen anywhere; and for all its short-comings
in former times, I am prepared to forgive it in con-
sideration of the noble service it has done to the
rights of the South on the territorial question.
Mr. BROWN. I am not, with all deference to
my colleague. Inuring the summer, when the
elections were coming on, the Constitution was
all wrong—advising wrong, doing wrong, perpe-
trating wrong. When the elections were over,
late in the fall, then, I confess, it got to be very
much more conservative, and went very much for
the South. I felt that—
" When the devil \va^ -iek, the devil a monk would be ;
When the devil got well, the devil a monk was he."
When the Constitution wanted the votes of
southern Senators, then it was ready to humbug
us with fair professions; but during the summer,
when the northern and western elections were
gomg on, it was otherwise.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not know really to what the
Senator refers, in relation to northern and west-
ern elections as affecting the course of that paper.
If it had been those southern, I hardly think it,
I would have strengthened us 
I Mr. BROWN. I did not ask whether it would
I strengthen us. I ask that sound doctrines be pro-
mulgated through the national Democratic organ.
Whether it strengthens or weakens us, I do not
ask; but that it shall do what is right. I do not
ask it to strengthen us, or weaken us any; but I
undertake to say iliat,for a great part of the sum-
mer, the paper was not right.
Mr. DA vIS. When what a man writes and
speaks is subject to consideration to determine the
fitness of his future employment, the motive, the
purpose, for which he wrote or spoke, is of course
involved. Now, if my colleague thinks that they
wrote paragraphs in the early part of the summer
for a fraudulent purpose, and paragraphs m the
fall for a fraudulent purpose, then he and I differ
as to our estimate of the men; and I do not think
it quite just, having himself portrayed to us, in
such powerful language, the fact of the very short
period of experience of one of the editors, and who
is probably the principal writer, that he should
object to his changing a little, and, most of all,
when his change was towards the truth.
Mr. BROWN. I object to his changing just
at the time when he wanted to be elected Public
Printer.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not know that it is fair to
suppose he did not want to be elected Public
Printer last spring Does my colleague know that
fact ?
Mr. BROWN. I do know, or at least, I think
I can substantiate in a court of justice, that he was
