1498
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2,
his life, everything, it is for his wife, the mother
of his children; and it must not be forgotten that
these deluded people regard polygamy not only
as a part of their social relations, but as a feature
in their religion.
Now I am favoring this measure, I admit, with
a perfect consciousness of all the legal consequences
fairly involved in the passage of the bill. I rep-
resent one of the most intelligent, religious and
moral districts in the whole country; and my con-
stituents, without respcct to party, hr.~. desired
me to use my feeble influence to put do^n this
.monstrosity; this offense against religion, and
against the laws of God. There is an important
legal principle conceded in this bill, to wit: that
we have the power to break up this abomination
in Utah; but I propose, by leave of the House, to
extend the application a little, because it is a very
dangerous premise, which, when conceded, proves
too much. I maintain that this bill concedes too
much for that class of southern politicians who
maintain that the Constitution carries slavery into
all the organized Territories, whether the people
of such Territories favor it or oppose it, and that
it is the duty of Congress to legislate for it, and
to maintain it—slavery—there, without any regard
whatever to the popular will. As this bill con-
cedes the right-or power of Congress to legislate
against a domestic institution, 1 propose, I say,
to extend the application, and see whether the
poisoned chalice may not be commended to their
own lips. Now, perhaps, I should not, were I
to consult the wishes of gentlemen, speak with
this sort of freedom—certainly not if 1 were re-
strained by selfish considerations—but having no
interest in my country but that of a citizen who
desires its peace and prosperity, and no motive of
a political nature, no aspirations to make me un-
candid or to warp my judgment, I shall indulge
in a fair and candid expression of honest opinion,
unawed by anybody. I propose to notice some
offenses not mentioned in this bill, but which are
of a kindred nature; and though they are not so
much talked of, yet they might be easily embraced
in this bill. I almost dislike to name them; but
it is said,{< the galleries should have no ears."
An acquaintance of mine, a candidate for Con-
gress last year, was called upon by a distinguished
constituent, who said ho intended to vote for him
for Congress; but before doing so, he wanted an
explanation from him. " I see," said he, " that
there is a terrible thing in the western country; a
woman who is giving the Government a deal of
trouble out in [Jtah. 1 believe," said he, "they
call her Polly Uanimy; who is slier" " Why,"
said my filend, " she is the favorite wife of l>rig-'
ham Young." (Laughter.] Nn\v, if I had some
other name than t he correct one for some offenses,
proper to be mentioned in this? connection, 1 cer-
tainly should appropriate it.
i repeat, there are other offenses of a kindred
character to polygamy. 'Jake, for instance, the
crimes ofmcest, adultery, and other offenses that
are well known to lawyers, and which I need not
enumerate very particularly; not one of which
offenses can be called malum inse; they arc alltnafo
yrohibila. Now, why does tins bill limit the pun-
ishment to the offense of polygamy, and omit incest
and adultery—punish married persons and not the
■unmarried ? The answer, of course, is, that polyg-
amy is the worst offense. I admit it; but we
have the power to add incest and adultery to the
offense of polygamy—to punish the single as well
as the married. 1 give this illustration to show that
the principle conceded by the first section of the
bill may he extended so as to embrace all offenses
of a kindred nature. They are not ma hi in sc,
they are mala prohibits; created and delined by
statute, and punished or connived at according to
the fashion of the times.
Blackstone says, in speaking of lewdness, that it
was cognizable m his day by the temporal courts;
that in 1650, when the ruling powers found it for
their interests to put on the semblance of great
purity of morals, incest and adultery were made
capital crimes. But at the Restoration, men fell
into a contrary extreme of licentiousness, when
the rigor of the law was not renewed. These of-
fenses that are not mala in se are unknown in
some countries, and have, in others been intro-
duced by statutory regulation. Do not gentlemen,
therefore, see that the application of the principle
of this bill might be extended so as to embrace
all the offenses 1 have mentioned ? No gentleman
will say that the application of this principle may
not be extended so as to embrace them all. And
if you can extend the principle so as to embrace
them, may you not extend it so as to embrace all
persons, of every color, to whom Congress may
desire to apply it? If Congress has power to reg-
ulate the domestic relations of white people in the
Territories, may not a Republican Congress hfte-
after consistently propose to extend it to the re-
lations between black men and women also?
It cannot be said that the legal relation of hus-
band and wife exists among the slave population.
Every lawyer will admit that marriage can be le-
gally contracted only by free persons, and there is
not a slave State in the Union—if there is I would
thank gentlemen to correct me—that allows mar-
riage among slaves, and regards it as that legal
civil contract which is essential and indispensable
to a legal marriage.
Mr. MALLORY. In reply to the gentleman
from Tennessee, I will state that there is a com-
mon law prevailing throughout the slave States
of the Union which regards the marriage contract
between slaves as sacred. There is no statute
provision; but in my State it is regarded in that
light, and I believe m every other slave State in
this Union.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. Mr. Speaker, I have ex-
amined this question to-day, and all the law
writers say that marriage can only be contracted
by free persons.
There is not an exception. It is ccrtamly true,
as I remarked, that there is not a slave State in
the Union that regards the relation of husband
and wife among slaves, save only so far as the
master may be pleased to regard it; and it affords
me pleasure to say that in a large majority of in-
stances they respect this relation; but that is not
attributable to the provisions of the laws, but to
the humanity of the masters.
Mr. MALLORY. The lex non scripta.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. The lex non scripta does
not apply to the slave population, whom we re-
gard as having no legal rights, except those spe-
cially conferred upon them by law, of which the
right to contract marriage is not one. But to show
that negroes can be made subject to the legislation
of Congress, by extending the application of the
provisions of this bill, I have but to point to the
fact that in every slave State in the Union ne-
groes are regarded as capable of committing all
offenses that may be committed by white men.
There is scarcely a misdemeanor or crime known
to the laws of any southern State that, may not
be committed by a negro, and is not punishable
m all cases with more or less severity. Petty lar-
ceny, for instance, is punished with less severity.
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. Will the gentle-
man from Tennessee allow me to ask him one
question 5
Mr. ETHERIDGE. Yes.
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. Does the statute
of y our State prohibit fornication ampng negroes ?
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I remember no regula-
tion on the subject; but the legislative power of the
State can at any time declare it a misdemeanor or
a felony. I ask the gentleman this question: If
Congress has power to*interdict offenses among
white people in the Territories, may it not among
blaek*ppoplo or slaves?
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. Iiow can you
prohibit a second marriage among slaves, when,
according to the gentleman's own argument, they
cannot marry the first time?
Mr. ETHERIDGE. The gentleman will ad-
mit that I have shown that if Congress has power
to prohibit polygamy, it may likewise prohibit
adultery and all kindred offenses; and I ask the
gentleman if Congress cannot extend the applica-
tion of its laws to blacks as well as to whites?
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. I say not, if the
question is addressed to me.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. The gentleman says not;
but I have too much respect for his legal ability
to believe that when he comes to look into the
question he will arrive at any such conclusion.
Now, if you fall back upon the late edition of
the Democratic catechism, to wit: that every citi-
zen who goes into the Territories carries with him
the laws of his domicile—in other words, that
every southern man who carries a slave into the
Territories carries also with him the slave laws
of the State whencc he emigrates—then gentlemen
will be compelled to admit that if polygamy had
existed anterior to the formation of the Federal
Constitution in the old thirteen States, it could
now lawfully exist in the Territories. I presume
no one will deny it. Certainly no gentleman
will deny it who has said that whenever a slave-
holder goes into a Territory with slave property,
he carries with him the slave laws of the State
from which he goes. Now, if he carries with him
the laws of his State with regard to slavery, does
he not also carry with him the laws of his State
with regard to the relations of husband and wife,
and parent and child? Gentlemen must admit
that. I concede that it is historically true that
polygamy did not exist iivthc original thirteen
States that formed the Federal Constitution; but
no one will deny that any State has the power at
any time to change its organic laws, and permit
polygamy. Well, suppose, for the sake of the
argument, that all the States in this Union were
now to allow polygamy: then gentlemen will
have to concede that polygamists would be al-
lowed to go into the Territories of the United
States and be protected by Congress in the enjoy-
ment of this peculiar institution—of their prop-
erty.
Then, it comes to this: that the interpretation
of the Constitution is made to depend, not upon
the reading of the Constitution itself, but upon
the whimsical action of the several States. You
say that you now have authority under the Con-
stitution to interdict polygamy in the Territories;
but suppose the States were to legalize it; then
our political high priests would doubless permit
these Mormons to go into the Territories with
their families, however numerous, and to establish
their harems there in defiance of the power of Con-
gress. This is certainly a new mode by which
to interpret the Constitution. I am prepared with
very high Democratic authority to show that such
a position is indefensible. It is absurd. I will
read again from the opinion of the Chief Justice in
the celebrated case of Dred Scott.
Mr. LAMAR. Will the gentleman allow me
to put a question to him ?
Mr. ETHERIDGE. As soon as I get through
with the extract I wish to read. Judge Taney
says, in regard to all attempts to construe the Con-
stitution with reference to changes in public sen-
timent, since its formation:
" No one, we presume, supposes that any change in public
opinion or feeling, in relation to this unfottunatc race, in
the civilized nations of Europe, or in this country, should
induce the court to give to the words of the Constitution a
moreliber.il construction in their favoi than they were in-
tended to bear when the instrument nas framed and adopted.
Such an aigument would be altogether inadmissible in any
tribunal called on to interpret it. If any of its provisions
are deemed unjust, there is a mode presciibed in the in-
strument itself by which it may be amendpd; but while it
remains unaltered, it must be construed now as it u-as under-
stood at the time of its adoption. It is not only the same m
•words, but the same in meaning, and delegates the same
poweis to the Government, and reserves and secures the
same rights and privileges to the citizen ; and as long as it
continues to exist in its present form, it speaks not only in
the same words, but urith the whip, meaning and intent with
which it spoke when it came from the hands of its framers,
and was voted on and adopted by tlie people of the United
States. Any other rule of construction would abrogate the
judicial character of this court, and makeit the mere reflex
of the popular opinion or passion of the day. This court was
not created by the Constitution for sucli purposes. Higher
and graver trusts have been confided to it, and it must not
falter in the path of duty."
I ask then, gentlemen, how can the different
States of this Union, by introducing polygamy,
legalize itinthe Territories? And that is precisely
the position that all must assume who maintain
that when a person goes from one of the States
of the Union into the Territories, he carries with
him the local laws of the State from which he
emigrates in regard to the property he carries with
him. Wc are told here, day by day, that the
Constitution of the United States recognizcs sla-
very. It has been repeated over and over again,
until the superficial hearer supposes that there is
an express guarantee in the Federal Constitution in
regard to slavery. Now, sir, I am ready to main-
tain that the Constitution of the United States
does not recognize slavery, or guaranty slavery,
anymore than it recognizes or guaranties the re-
lation of husband and wife, or parent and child.
By the same law under which you recapture your
fugitive slave, you can recapture your son or
your indentured apprcnticc, if either should es-
cape from the State in which you live and be
found in another State.
Now, sir, the recognition of a thing, and the
