I860.]
APffflNDIX TO THE CONG-EESSIOy AL GLOBE.
57
36ra Cong....1st Sess.
The President's Message—-Mr. Harlan.
Senate.,
I before referred, La Roche on Yellow Fever. At
page 54, he says:
" [t is a fact well known to medical observeis, that among
individuals ol the female sex, the sanguine temperament
and mbustand plethoric constitution—which, as we have
seen, are the most prone to yellow fever—are leas frequently
encounteiod than among males.'' * * v *
" Certain it is, that we find enough to convince lis that fe-
males are less obnoxious to the impiession of the poison
than individuals of the other sex; and that when attacked
they have the disease in a milder fomi. The epidemics of
this city, from that of 1793 downwards, have all exhibited
this comparative immunity of the female t>ex< Deveze long
ago stated, m reference to the former of these visitations,
that the disease prevailed more among men than women;
and that, among the lattei, it assumed a nulder and moie
tiactable chaiactcr. (Page 54,second edition, and page 103,
third edition.) Dr. Rutdi, m like manner, noticed the greater
prevalence and severity of the disease among males during
the epidemic m question. Similar was the result m l"/9<,
and we have the authority of Di. Caldwell for the fact that
the same observation was made duung the epidemic of
1805."—Page 78.
"In other parts of the United State-?, the compaiathe
immunity of females to which I have here called attention,
has been found as common as it was here; for, if we ex-
cept Doctors Thomas and Hairison, ot New Oilcans, the
fit st of whom (pp. 91, -32) thinks the lofs liability ot females
has been gieatly exaggerated ; while the latter lcmaik-, that
he cannot say he ' hasob-civcd any difference as regaids the
hexes, either u.s to the numbei or malignity ot the eases,' (p.
130,) 1 cannot locall trie name of any competent authority
who uphold-; the opinion of the equal liability of the two
sexes. Valentin (p. 90) and Archei (v. 61) who saw the dis-
ease m Noiiolk ; l)rysdal<; (i, 3S) wiio desciibes it as it oc-
cmred in l>a!tinioie,ni 17(J1; Cartwiight,(ix,16,)Mcrrill,(i\:,
246,) Peilee, (i, 30.) Ilogg, (i, 413,) who encountered it at
Natchez; Townnend, (p. 25*2.) Alexander Jlos-aek, (p. 9,)
Waring, (p. 60.) S.Biown, (p 83,) Simons, (pp 7,14,) and
others, who have communicated the results ol their obsci-
vations made m New York, Savannah, Boston, New Or-
leans and Ohailcston , ail thc^e, I tay, confiim what has
been said in relation to Philadelphia.
"In Europe, the fever ha*, in general, manifested the
same predilection lor the male sex as regards the extent of
pie vale nee, andmoiefje<juentl\ in res poet to the -fevei itv
and latahty of the attack. On this? Mibject. the wilting:-.of
Blithe, (p. 'S7A,) Aiepila, (pp. 182,438,) Sn J. 1'VUowc^,
(pp. 1-20, 121,") Cai-seiguc^, (p. 190,) ^hoit, (quoted hv l'YI-
lowcs, p. 3U3.) Oonzak's (p 316.) Parget, (p. 1*2,) Loui<,
(p. 201,) Oillkic<t, (ii,*279.) Palloni, (p U,) l'auset, (lepoit,
p. 451,) Bally, (p. 301,) i'ochoux, (p. 121,) and the Jlepoit
of the Academy of Barcelona, (pp. *23. 49,) are sufficiently
explicit to pistifv the above conclusion. That exception*
have occasionally presented themselves, it would be im-
possible to den> ; nevertheless, they die of iare occur lence,
and do not invalidate the rule."
From this array of authorities, it will ho seen
how impossible, it is to draw safe, conclusions in
relation to the capacity of different races of men
to endure a climate, or to encounter diseases of an
epidemic character, with impunity.
It is claimed, however, that the color of the
negro peculiarly adapts him to support a warm
climate. This statement contradicts science, our
daily observation, and the instincts of the Afri-
can, who does not seek the open yunshine m a
warm country. In Pntchard's Natural History
of Man, page 55"2, m describing some of the black i
races of Africa, the author says:
" The name of Shangalla belongs to the indigenous hordes
who inhabit the Kwolla, or the deep woodv valleys which
sui lound on almost cvciy side the high]and" ol'Abyssinia.
They ?ue ne<iioes of a jet bhiek color and strongly eharac-
tcuzed feature-." "During the
iair halt ot tne year,'s s-ay^ Mr. Biuce, " wuen the Slians-
alla live undo? the >h;ule of trees-, they bond the branches
downwards and cover them with the s'cnis of bea^t*. Every
tree is then ahou-c und^r which dwell a multitude of
black inhabitants till the tropical lams begin. It is then
thev hum the elephant, winch they kill by vauousdevjce>,
as well as the lhhmceio-; and other laigc cieatuies.1'
In our own country, when left free to follow
his own instincts, the negro foi sakes the .sunshine
in the open field, and socks indoor employment.
It is not true that the color of the negro pecu-
liarly adapts him to endure the heat of a tropical
sun; the capacity of enduring gicat extremes of
heat and cold is a common attribute of humanity:
if any one race possess this power in a higher de-
gree than another, it is the Caucasian, usually
called the white race. This supposed superiority
is accounted for on the ground of its multifarious
origin. It is saidbyNott andGliddon to be not of
one origin, but " an amalgamation of an infinite
number of primitive stock, of different instincts,
temperaments, and mental and physical charac-
ter. Egyptians, Jews, Arabs, Teutons, Celts,
"Sclavonians, Pelasgians, Romans, Iberians, &c.,
&c., arc all mingled in blood." The negro is not
his superior incapacity to endure; science, in-
stinct, history, and experience, all combine in
refutation of this Democratic dogma.
We have also the overwhelming evidence of
the existence of five or six million white people,
now residing in the slave States, who own no
slaves; who arc supported by their own labor.
Hundreds of thousands of white men in the ex-
treme South, often denominated "poor whites,"
are compelled by necessity to work or starve.
We have the direct testimony of the honorable
Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Chesnut,]
who on yesterday held himself up to the view of
the Senate, and demanded that we should now
" behold a laborer from the South," declaring that
the " laborers" of the white race in South Caro-
lina weie the honored and the highly esteemed;
and that those who labored not were discarded by
society. This testimony is direct; it is from a
high source, and ought to bo conclusive on the
question of the ability of white men to labor in
the southern States. But every one who has ever
been in a southern State has had, in addition, the
evidence of his own senses.
If white men are capable of laboring and living
and multiplying and replenishing the earth in a
southern climate, why should those who arc not
willing to Avoik in the field and shop, on teims of
equality with negro slaves, be compelled to seek
homes m the extreme North, where the winters,
extending over six or seven months of the twelve,
must exhaust the entire proceeds of the husband-
man's summer's toil from year to year m shield-
ing Jiimself and family from their inclemency?
Why should that more genial country, styled
" the sunny South," the country of the melon and
the orange, where perpetual verdure reigns, and
the earth is lavish of her productions, be given as
a home for slaves? You tell us that negroes are
an inferior race; that they arc far below the white
race in capacity; that tiny can never become fit
for eiti/etis of the Stales or Union; that they can-
not be intrusted with a participation in public af-
fairs, or to engage in the public defense; that they
can never become members of society; that the
highest position of which they are capable is that
of menials. Then why stimulate their multipli-
cation and coerced emigration to the most de-
siiable p-jrt of the continent, to the exclusion of
millions of our own blood? Why practically ex-
clude the superior by the inferior race? Why not
adopt the Republican policy, persistently urged
on the attention of Congress, of withholding- the
public lands from all except actual settlers, and
of giving a home to the head of every family for
settlement and occupancy, and thus place the
masses of the people above want? Why not peo-
ple the continent with the most vigorous, thcmosi
energetic, the most enterprising, the most intel-
lectual and powcifu! people to be found on the
earth, since this result can bo secured without
inflicting the slightest injustice or injury on any
human creature that breathes, by administering
exact and equal justice to alt mankind? For there
is no truth m the allegation, that to restrict sla-
very to the States of the Union now tolerating it,
would rctaid their development and result m the
destruction or injury of cither the black or white
race in preventing multiplication and expansion. .
The area of the slave States -was estimated m 1850
at over eight hundred and fifty thousand square
miles?, 01j(l contained a population of but aoout
eleven persons on an average for each square mile
of surface; south of 30^ 30' the average popula-
tion was less than ten. At the same period, the
population of England was estimated at three
hundred and twenty; of Great Britain and Ireland
two hundred and twenty-five; of Switzerland one.
hundred and sixty; of Belgium three hundred
and eighty-eigh£ to the square mile. In China, ac-
cording to the best information I have been able
to procure, it is evident that the present popula-
tion- of many of its provinces amounts to at least
twelve millions for each fifty thousand square
miles. Their country is old, and has been worn
for centuries; it is not believed to be equal in fer-
tility to the average of the southern States. It is
evident, therefore, that the slave States, as now
bounded, are capable of supporting two hundred
million people. Hence it is not reasonable to con-
clude that either the white man or the negro will,
in any reasonable period, be oppressed in the slave
States for want of room. But lest this might oc-
cur, and to relieve the slave States from the terri-
ble necessity, as is alleged, of executing the bar-
barous and cruel laws which some of them have
cnacted for the reenslavementof negroes now free .
the Republicans will urge the adoption of the
proposition introduced by my friend, the honor-
able Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Doolittle,]
to procure for the negro a home and an abiding
placc, outside of the United States within the trop-
ics, where it is claimed that he may,flourish and
prosper. Let him there, as in the colony of Li-
beria, demonstrate to the world his capacity for
self-government. Let him there build up for him-
self a country and embellish a home, free from
the prejudice and injustice of a race that has dom-
inated over him for centuries, and extend over
him the temporary protection of the stars and
stripes of the Union.
The fancied temporary interests of the few, who
might desire to import slaves into the Territories,
should not be suffered to divert the national Leg-
islature from that line of policy demanded by jus-
tice, and the permanent interests of the nation, of
the white race, and of the. whole human family.
But if the nation should return to the territorial 4
policy abandoned m 1850 and 1854, and apply it to  
all the Territories of the Republic, which m its re-
sults would throw them open to the free enjoy-
ment of every citizen of the United States, residing
East, West, North, and South, and exclude none
except those whom you say are not citizens, and
cannot bccome citizens—an enslaved nation of
aliens—more than four million strong, whom you
of the South retain, in chains, in yourmidst, you I
declare your purpose to "dissolve the Union.3'
You declare that the Union cannot be maintained
unless men arc permitted to coerce the emigration
of negro slaves to the Territories ! Well, sir, this
threat produces no terror; as far as my knowledge
extends, nobody in the Northwest is frightened by
it, ailhough it originates in a high quarter. We
understand that it is your interest to stay m the
Union, and that you have not the power to dissolve
it.; that a dissolution of the Union would bring on
you, in tenfold strength, every evil of which you
complain.
With this impotent threat <kto dissolve the
Union," if a Republican should be elected Pres-
ident of the United States, you not only demand
the disbanding of the Republican party, and, by
a logical sequence, the repeal of all laws in the
free States disparaging the institution and pro-
hibiting its existence within their jurisdiction; but
you attempt to coerce our consciences and judg-
ment, and require us to approve slavery asmorally
right—a humane and Christian institution. In this
you will never succeed. The people of the free
States will never approve slaveholding, when not
required by imperious circumstances, as either
ju.-it, humane, or Christian. The Senator from
Virginia, [Mr. Mason,] in his expression of re-
gret that the people of the free States, which he
was pleased to den ominate '' servile States,'' could
not have slaves, will find very few sympathizers.
In this I speak thcopinionsof all parties in Iowa,
and I think I may say in the whole North.
On this point, the Senator from Alabama [Mr.
Clay] demanded to know if the people of the free
States, entertaining these views, did not necessa-
rily ''hate slaveholders'" For one, I answer
frankly: That depends on our conception of the
motives xhat prompt a man to hold slaves. If one
man holds another, however inferior, in bondage
for selfish and sordid purposes of gain, I loathe
his character in my inmost heart. If, on the other
hand, he is held tor the purpose, entertained in
good faith, of bettering his condition and elevat-
ing his chaiactcr, the owner will not be hated by
anybody, in any p]ace. But, in our estimate of
theso motives, you must not suppose us either
idiotic or ignorant of your laws and usages, and
the actual condition of slave society. Neither
vehement threats of a dissolution of the Union,
nor any other mode of coercion, will be likely to
change our opinions of either the morality or expe-
diency of slaveholding. The laws of the human
mind cannot be changed; perception, memory,
conscience, and judgment will continue. Con-
science uiay be stupefied for a time, but it will
again rally and assert its right to control the con-
duct of men. The people of the whole North,
almost without a solitary exception, believe that
slavery is in itself wrong, and may be maintained
temporarily only, in consequence of the necessi-
ties that may surround the parlies which sustain
this relation to an inferior race. Whenever these
