18G0.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
244^
aloft into the sky, or down, as it were, into those
regions that have no bottom.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. Allow me to ask
you one more question ?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. No, sir; I cannot
be interrupted. I do not sec any pertinency in it.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. The mail runs there
every week.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I know it does, in
fine and warm weather.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. Every week in the
winter.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Oh, tell that to the
marines! [Laughter.] The gentleman will tear
me from that continuity which I desire to pre-
serve in the remarks which I am submitting; but
there is a gentleman here, a member of i his House,
who has traveled through the South Pass, on
snow, in the month of July. I have papers from
that route now, ay, even from Pike's Peak,speak-
ing of the imperfect labor that is going on there
on account of the freezing weather, which was,
at the time this information left, interfering with
labor there, and the information lias come regu-
larly by the mails. There is a gentleman here, I
see him now, who traversed the South Pass in
the month of July, upon the snow, and who says
the road wil cost $250,000,000, and be an annual
tax of $7,000,000 upon the Treasury to keep it
open. But let that pass.
I have stated to the House—certainly in all sin-
cerity, and certainly with no desire to
" Extenuate, or set down aught in maiicc^—
for I have no prejudice or feeling upon this ques-
tion—the considerations that are expressed as
governing this House in their action upon this
subject. I was going on to state that this central
route is open to this objection: that those objects
could not be attained by its selection. I put it to
you, sir; I put it to honorable gentlemen all around
me, and I ask them, if they are called upon to
favor this great intercommunication for the three
considerations to which 1 have adverted—and those
considerations can only apply two thirds of the
year on one of the routes—1 ask them how they
can be vindicated to God, to their country, or to
their own consciences, with the avowal of such
motives on their tongues, when they adopt a route
that answers in the negative all their suggestions?
I put the question; I put it to the country; I ask
gentlemen here, if there is a justification for en-
cumbering the Government with this great enter-
prise, to the tune of untold millions, founded upon
the three considerations to which I have adverted,
how it is that they feel that they do their duty to
their constituents and to the c<*¥itry by locating
it on a joute which is obstructed, anil must be
obstructed, on an average of at least four months
in the twelve? And is there any necessity for
this? No, no, no. The gentleman from Missouri
[Mr. Woodson] wants the road to start from a
particular direction in the West. Perhaps it may
pass through his farm yard. Another wants it to
start in another direction, which happens to be,
of course, in his own State. All these considera-
tions are controlling in the disposition of tins
question; and I repeat that, should this route be
adopted, then it will be located, not in reference
to the great purposes to which I. have icferrcd,
but in reference to the individual motives that in-
fluence, it may be, the action of memb-ns.
Well then, sir, I say here in. this connection,
that there is no necessity for this thing. There
is not only no necessity for it, but it would be a
gross offense to the duty of all of us. You may
ask why is this ? I will tell you, sir. We know
th?t there is a southern route possessed of many
advantages of location, with easy grades, and be-
yond the jurisdiction of King Frost, where snow
has no resting place on the face of the earth, and
where King Frost obstructs no action; when; the
iron horse would he m eternal motion, and where
the whole of the objects could be realized which
alone constitute the foundation upon which this
adventure is to be undertaken. I proclaim it here;
I wish every member to understand it; I wish
him to rise to the contemplation of the grand duty
before him; I want him to remember that one
route is blocked up for four mouths of the year,
wlicn neither mails, nor commerce, nor troops,
can move onward in the consummation of their
purpose; whereas upon the other the giant engine
will go snorting at race-horse speed to the accom-
plishment of all these purposes at all seasons of
the year.
And that i^not all, sir. There is another line—-
a northern line. It is a most singularphilosoph-
ical fact; but it is a fact, nevertheless, although
I confess I do not .understand it, that there is a
northern line—and it is really and genuinely a
northern line—and that northern line knows no
deep snow. According to the evidence before us,
that northern line knows no deep snow, and is
never obstructed otherwise than roads in north-
ern New York are. When we proceed north,
from the intensity of cold or proximity to those
great bodies of water, such as our northern lakes,
if we are to believe the testimony before us, the
northern line is never oppressed with large quanti-
ties of snow. This northern line, then, is free from
the objection which is attached to the middle line.
Here are two routes, each superior to the middle
one, as it is called, but really a northern oiig,
each of which is better calculated to carry out tne ;
great purposes upon which the whole scheme de- j
pends. Shall they be preferred or shall they not, j
to this other line, which possesses less advantages I
than cither?
But thereis another consideration in connection I
with this question. These lines run near to the
country of our great enemies. The northern line,
as was said yesterday, passes in proximity to the
territory of a gre^t Power, which may hereafter,
perhaps, be in a state of hostility to this Govern-
ment, in which event our troops, arms, and mu-
nitions of war would of course be transported with
great rapidity and comparative economy, and we
could readily confront any advancing foe on that
line. So, likewise, on the south, that road runs
along the border of our neighboring republic of
Mexico. If we arc to have another war with that
Power, then we could easily furnish all the facil-
ities which the Government m such ancmcrgeney
would demand.
But the gentleman proposes that there shall be
two branches to what he calls the central route;
branches for the gratification of particular inter-
ests and localities. Now, sir, 1 say let there be
branches built to any road which we may see fit
to construct, or to authorize to be con atriieted, from
these lines into the continent, from time to time,
as occasion maydcvcloptheirneccssity. We shall
have three lines instead of one dividing a country
of eleven hundred miles in longitude, running
through a latitude of fifteen hundred miles, but
we shall havetworo; ds, fiveorsixhundrcdmiles
distant from each other.
I present these views because of the proposition
here to spend untold millions in branches that, I
ask this House to remember, taken in connection
with the additional length of the main trunk, will
be absolutely sufficient in number of miles to
build the two roads to which 1 refer. I mention
these things as a complete answer to the project
of the gentleman from Misj-ouri.
Mr. FRENCH obtained the floor.
Mr. WOODSON. I ask the gentleman from
Maine to yield to me for a few minutes, to reply
to the geniieman from Virginia at this point, 1
will not take more than five minutes.
Mr. FRENCH. I will yield to the gentleman
for that length of time.
Mr. WOODSON. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia makes an attack upon the amendment which
I had the honor to present, as the basis of his
whole speech. I wish to respond to a single
point which he makes in regard to it.
The gentleman objects that I propose to build
three roads instead of one. Now, sir, I thought
I was sufficiently explicit upon that subject when
I was first up. I stated the leason why I would
build more than one road to the base of the Rocky
Mountains. Beyond the base of the Rocky
Mountains to the Pacific ocean one ro*d I deemed
to be sufficient; but cast of that point I propose
three branches, for the very purpose of prevent-
ing anything like a sectional interest being con-
cerned in it. The object was to make it national,
instead of sectional. The proposition of the gen-
tleman from Virginia, to confine the communica-
tion between the Atlantic and the Pacific to one
road, and that an extreme southern one, is sec-
tional, and therefore highly objectionable. My
proposition is to make a national work of it in-
stead of a sectional one. I propose to leave the
selection of the route to individual interest, pri-
vate enterprise, and scientific research; to be con-
fined only within the limits of seven degrees of
latitude, embracing a section of country from the"
southwest point to Albuquerque; and l think the"
wisdom and {propriety of this provision will not"
be more manifest than the misinformation, not
to say ignorance, ofthe gentleman from Virginia."
Now, sir, so far as I am concerned, I care but
little whether the route passes by the South Pass
or by Albuquerque; but I will venture to say that
the gentleman from Virginia has within his dis-
trict roads that are traveled the entire winter more
obstructed by snows than the South Pass. I will
venture to say even that there are roads even more
obstructed by snow.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I say to the gen-
tleman from Missouri that, in what I have said in
reference to the obstructions by snow on this South
Pass, I have gone upon the information furnishc^
in the reports, as well as upon that furnished by
the gentleman from New Jersey, in whose state-
ment I have great confidence.
Mr. BTJRCH. Did I understand the gentleman
to say that the gentleman from New Jersey had
found snow in the South Pass in July?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I said so. The gen-
tleman from New Jersey is here, and can speak
for himself.
Mr. BURCH. J only desire to say that I spent
the 4th of July, 3850, in that neighborhood, and
saw nothing of the kind.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The gentleman was
lucky in his experience, then.
Mr. WOODSON. I will only add that, since
the establishment of the overland mail to the Pa-
cific, the mail from St. Joseph has been carried
regularly through, summer and winter, and it has
never been found to be impassable.
Mr. FRENCH. I was gratified with the man-
ner in which the distinguished gentleman from
Virginia invoked the attention ofthe House to
this question—to the magnitude of the subject;
and with his appeal to gentlemen to dismiss from
their minds everything like influences of a per-
sonal or local character.
I did suppose, sir, that his remarks would not
be tinged with characteristics of that kind, while
he was administering a lecture to the distinguished
chairman who reported this bill, charging him
with having been influenced by local bias in
framing it. I thought, while he was describing
the obstructions which presented themselves in
this proposed line, that he was influenced by an
earnest consideration to avoid all sectional views,
and to accomplish the greatest good forthe whole
country; but his subsequent remarks seemed to
develop another view, and to show that he, too,
is not without personal and sectional bias.
The-gentleman tells you that this route is im-
passable, or would be impassable for at least four
months in the year; impassable by reason of the
deep snow that falls upon it. But he also tells
you that there is a northern route, still further
north, towards that long-sought-for, but never
found, northwest passage, upon which a railroad
would not bo obstructed by ice and snow. He
toils you that further south you have a route
where there is eternal sunshine, and that is
strewed with flowers. Neither of these routes,
except the central, prcsentsobstructions to travel,
or any very serious reasons why the Govern-
ment should not build a road upon it for the pur-
poses of communication, commerce, and its own
convenience.
Sir, 1 have heard similar lugubrious prophecies
before, that experience has proved to be false and
groundless. I had the honor to be chairman of
the committee on railroads and bridges, m the
Senate of my own State, which reported andadvo-
cated the construction of a road from Portland to
Montreal, which is now a portion of what iscalled
the Grand Trunk Iioad. It was then earnestly
objected to the whole plan, that it could not be
praeticable in winter, on account of the great depth
of the snow that falls on that line every year. We
were told of ten feet of snow upon the ground,
and that it was an utter impossibility ever to hope
to overcome such an obstacle as that. The road
was built. It winds along through mountains that
rival the Rocky Mountains in heightand severity
of climate, and some three or four degrees further
north than the most northern deflection in the
route proposed by this bill. It has been shown
by practical experience that there is no road %in
New England, which everybody knows is inter-
