58
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G1^)BE.
[December 28,
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Organization of the House—Mr. Morris.
Ho. of Reps.
necessities cease, they maintain that it will be the
duty of each to dissolve the relation. Nobody in
the North, however, maintains that this can ever
be effected, only by the action of the^people of the
States where the relation exists. The Republi-
cans maintain that Congress has no power what-
ever over this subject within t'heir limits.
You admonish us, however, that if a gentleman
who entertains the doctrines originally maintained
by Washington, Jefferson, and the other illustri-
ous men who lived during the earlier period of
the Republic, from which, as was admitted on
yesterday by the honorable Senator from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Mason,] the Democracy has swerved,
should be elected President of the United States,
in accordance with the Constitution and the laws,
you will destroy the Government. When ana-
lyzed, could a proposition be more insulting to
freemen? We must surrender our own reasoning
faculties, and our conscienccs and judgment, and
r follow your behests! We must change, because
you have changed ! We must repudiate, because
you have discarded, the opinions of the fathers!
When we approach the polls, we must represent
your opinions and not our own, by our votes!
That is, we must cease to be freemen, and become
your political slaves! If your pohtical opponents
will destroy their platform and dissolve their or-
ganization; if the free States will destroy their
constitutions and repeal their laws on the subject
of slavery: if a majority of the freemen of the
country will stultify their own judgments, and
trample under foot their conscienccs; give up free-
dom of speech and of the press, and cease to
cxercise the rights of freemen at the polls, you
will graciously permit the Union to be continued!
Well, sir, this mode of preservingthc Union would
cost us too much. Wo have the hearts and heads
and hands and will to preserve it in a cheaper
manner, let the crisis come when it may.
ORGANIZATION OP THE HOUSB.
speech of hon.Isaac n. morris,
/ OF ILLINOIS,
( In tiie House of Representatives,
December 28 and 29, 1859,
Ln response to the President"* Annual Message.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois, said:
Mr. Clerk: If a single word should escape me
on this occasion of an offensive character, I shall
regret it, and upon the fact being pointed out
will cheerfully withdraw it. Never in the whole
course of my life, either in this Hall or elsewhere,
have I interrupted a speaker, not even so much as
to ask him a question; but have treated all with
courtesy and rcspcct, and I have had no cause to
complain that, i have not been treated in the
same way. What i shall say to-day, I will say
for myself and on my own responsibility; and I
will say it here, for I will not talk out of doors
what I shrink from talking in the House. I
claim to be the exponent of no one's views but
my own, and should think myself dishonored if
I was. I have never aspired to the distinction of
being the reflector of another; nor do 1 ever expect
to, no matter how high may be my respect for
* him. I entertain my own notions of public duty,
and am only accountable to my constituents for
the manner in which I discharge them. When
they want a Representative who will submit to
the Abolitionists on the one hand, or the dis-
union fire-eaters on the other, or who is willing
to crawl begging to the foot of power, they must
find some other man besides myself. I know no
other line of policy than that which duty points
out, and I shall pursue it. My own opinion is,
that the President's and ultra southern men's sla-
very propagandizing policy, vailed under a con-
stitutional pretext, and their efforts to rob the
people of the Territories of their rights, should
be met at once, and wherever and whenever it is
urged, and driven back, otherwise it may gain a
foothold from which it would be difficult, if not
impossible, to dislodge it.
Still, Mr. Clerk, nothing could possibly induce
me to occupy the attention of the House at the
present time, if I was not fully conscious that no
organization can be effected until there is a change
in the temper of members. Our baiiotings for
Speaker are regarded by all as merely formal, and
are gone through with more to occupy our hours
here, than from an expectation that any final or
satisfactory result will be reached. There is so
much antagonism among us, that I shall not hope
for the consummation of that desirable event to us
and the whole country, until the feeling shall be-
come more deeply intensified, and we shall have
voted all day and all night. It is then just as well
until that period arrives, to talk some, as to have
a continuous ballot. As those who have preceded
me in the debate, have spoken to everything but
the question before the House, the election of a
Speaker, so I shall assume what latitude I think
proper upon the President's message and other
topics, more especially as the Democrats, since
the declination of the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Bocock,] have no regular candidate for
Speaker. We are not exactly like " Japhct in
search of a father," but we are m search of a man
that can be elected. If we have such a one among
us I hope he will make himself known; and now,
gentlemen, don't all speak at once!
• Mr. Clerk, my position as a member of this
House is somewhat peculiar and solitary. I am
the only Democrat here who in the last Congress
opposed to the end the territorial policy of the
Administration thatis acting with the organization
of the party in their endeavors to elect a Speaker.
Thus situated,I am necessarily estranged, to some
extent, from my anti-Leeompton friends, with
whom I was proud to l>e numbered in their gal-
lant light, and towards whom 1 shall ever enter-
tain the kindest feelings of regard, while I do not
indorse all that has been said by some gentlemen
with whom I am now acting. Yet I intend to carry
on the controversy with them inside and not out-
side of the party lines. Some—one gentleman, I
remember distinctly, extolled the Administration
while he denounced popular sovereignty. I be-
lieve now, as I have heretofore believed and ex-
pressed, that the only true policy for the Democ-
racy was to cut loose from Mr. Buchanan; and
if we do not do it, we shall bitterly rue the error
when it is too late—when we arc overwhelmed
with defeat. If. the gentleman to whom I refer
thinks to carry him and his doctrines through the
next presidential race upon his back, let me tell
him he will break down before he gels half way
to the end of it; he will find he is carrying too
much deadweight. I do not believe, if yon should
announce a candidate for Speaker of tins House
as an Administration man, he can get twenty-five
votes. The people everywhere loathe and con-
temn it. I eame here, sir, to enter upon my sec-
ond term of service in despite of the Administra-
tion, who did everything it could to defeat me; and
yet I came by a largely-increased majority. I am
therefore under no obligations to it; nor do I have
any groat esteem for it, for it is like awhitedscp-
ulcher,full of rottenness and dead men's bones,"
and has no more sympathy for, nor affiliation with,
Democracy than darkness has with light or vice
with virtue. Hence, if gentlemen around me feel
like defeiffimg it, let them do it. I shall not; for it
is not, in myjudgment, worth or worthy of being
defended.
Besides this, I differ very widely with some of
the members on this side of the Hall in the views
they have expressed in regard to a dissolution of
the Union, and regret they have talked so much
about it. I differ also as widely from them on the
question of popular sovereignty. Upon that rock
I long since planted my feet, and there 1 stand
and there I intend to stand. N<? threats, no in-
timidation, no persuasion, shall move me a hair's
breadth from its support; and inasmuch as I have
heard it assailed here time and again this session,
it is but due to myself and to those I represent
that I should defend it. I mean to do so from any
and every assault. I stand, sir, on the defensive,
and not as an aggressor. You can no more strike
that great doctrine from the Democratic creed, and
have its vitality left, than you can erase from the
Christian crceu a belief in the Saviour, and have
its essence remaining. You may hamper it with
assumptions; you may cloud it with sophistry;
j rv may attempt to wall it in by forced constitu-
tional constructions; but all will prove unavailing.
It will bound forward like a creature of life, and
circulate among the people as the free air of heaven,
for it is the great artery through which flows
the life-blood of the Republic, and it cannot sur-
vive without it. Yet it is not assailed alone on
this floor; but the President, in his annual mes-
sage, delivered to the Senate on yesterday, and
which he has evidently dropped in the path of
members of this House to be picked up, if not as
an official State paper, at least as a newspaper ar-
ticle, again thrusts in our faces, and in the face of
the nation, his territorial policy, advancing several
steps forward, however, from his former position,
which in all conscience was bad enough, and
among other things advocates a slave code for the
Territories when it shallbecomc necessary for the
protection of slavery in them. Just at present, he
thinks his judges sufficient to protect it.
Mr. Clerk, I am amazed, I am overwhelmed,
that an American Executive, claiming to have
veneration and respect for the laws and Consti-
tution of his country which he has sworn to sup-
port, should so far lose sight of his duty and obli-
gations to both, as to make so high a bid for the
nomination of the Charleston convention! I know
he is capable of almost any act which would
tend to promote his own interest or the gratifica-
tion of his private malice. I know his whole
life has been spent in treachery to friends and
principle, but I had not expected he would go as
far as he has. There was no necessity for it at
the present time. The question of slavery, as
connected with the Territories, was not before us,
except as introduced in random debate, in any
form; nor is it likely to be at this session. Yet,
he voluntarily comes forward and repeats his
thrice-told talc of the Constitution carrying sla-
very into the Territories in our ears, ata moment
when the House is in an unorganized condition,
and when ho knew the expression of such alarm-
ing and abominable sentiments as he has given
utterance to, would add to the already too great
excitement, and feed the fires of sectional discord.
So impatient did he bccome, for fear all the dele-
gates to the Charleston convention would be ap-
pointed before he could add the weight of his high
position against popular liberty, that Iris message
must be sent into Congress before wo have even
elected a Speaker, or have, in reality, any legal
form. Well, sir, I am glad of it. I am glad he
has thus exposed himself to the scrutinizing gaze
and the just criticism and condemnation of the
Democracy. They are bound to meet him now;
they arc bound to take issue with him. There
is no escape from it. He has made it of his own
free, voluntary accord; and let it come. I repeat
it, let it come. If the abominable doctrines and
heresies of James Buchanan are to be ingrafted on
the Democratic creed, for one, I want to know it.
But they never can; they never will be. It is not.
possible that the free and enlightened Democracy
of this great Republic will ever adopt the vagaries
of an old man who looks forward to the perpet-
uation of his power with anxious solicitude, and
is willing to bow at any sectional altar to effect
his ends.
In what he has said in. his message there is no
argument, no reason, nothing but his dictum; and
he asks us to receive that as the law of our counsel
and the guide of our feet. Here it is, and let the
Clerk read it.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"I cordially congratulate you upon the final settlement
by the Supreme Oouit of the United States of the question
of slav cry m the Territories, which had presented an aspect
so truly fomndable at the commencement of my adminis-
tration. Tlie right has been established of every citizen to
take his propeity of any kind, including slaves, into the
common territories belonging equally to all the States of the
Confederacy, and to have it protected there under the Fed-
eral Constitution. Neither Congress nor a Territorial Legis-
lature, nor any human power, has any authority to annul
of impair thin vested right. The supreme judicial tribunal
of the country, which is a coordinate branch of the Gov-
ernment, has sanctioned and affirmed these principles of
constitutional law, so manifestly just m themselves, and
so well calculated to promote peace and harmony among
the States. It h a staking proof of the sense of justice
which is inherent in our people, that the property in slaves
has never been disturbed, to my knowledge, in any of the
Territories. Even throughout the late troubles m Kansas
there has not been any attempt, as I am credibly informed,
to inteifere, in a single instance, with the right of the mas-
ter. Had any such attempt been made, the judiciary would
doubtless have afforded an adequate remedy. Should they
fail to do this hereafter, it will then bo time enough to
strengthen their hands by further legislation. Had it been
decided that either Congress or the Territorial Legislature
possess the power to annul or impair the right to property
in slaves, the evil would be intolerable. In the latter event,
theie would be a struggle for a majority of the mcmbeis of
