2444
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
laced by railroads, that is so little subject to inter-
ruptionas that. Dayafter day, winter after winter,
the trains have come and gone with the regularity
of a clock. The snow hag fallen there as usual; but
the constant passing of the trains as the snow has
fallen has kept the track clear, and when the
trains south of New York have been blocked by
snow, the trains upon tills road have suffered no
serious detention. So it will bo on this line of
road. I regard this objection as one of the least
that can be presented to a road through the Rocky
Mountains.
There was an implied censure, at least, upon
the committee for presenting this bill, thrown out
in the remarks of the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Smith.] I do not know that it was intended.
It was said that they did not, in coming to the con-
clusion which they arrived at, regard this subject
with the gravity which its magnitude demanded.
As a member of that committee, 1 can say for
myself that I regard this enterprise as one of
greater magnitude, perhaps, than any which has
been, or will be, presented to the consideration of
Congress for many years. Its purpose is to bind
this vast continent together; to unite the East and
the West;tofurnishacommercial highway which
shall not only be advantageous to the people of
this country, but to the world, and which, when
"completed, will be an enduring monument of hu-
man energy and power, unequaledand unrivaled.
It proposes to furnish a means for the transporta-
tion of troops and munitions of war for the de-
fense of that western portion of our Confeder-
acy which is just springing, like a young giant,
into life. It will furnish postal advantages, that
those who have friends on the other side may keep
up their relations with each other, and that the
vast commercial interests, which have grown and
are growing up between one portion of the coun-
try and the other, shall not be impaired or im-
peded by the lack of such facilities. These are
matters under the direct control of the Govern-
ment, and especially demand that the Govern-
ment shall foster and encourage flTis enterprise,
and allow no delay to prevent its consummation.
Sir, I believe that the committee took all these
things into careful consideration as well as the
difficulties which presented themselves. Wo con-
sidered the claims of the extreme northern route,
the nature of the soil, climate, and face of the
country through which it would pass, as well as
its commercial advantages that were urged in favor
of that route, which was so eloquently advocated
yesterday by the distinguished gentleman from
Washington Territory, [Mr. Stevens ;J and 1
believe that the committee gave to all those claims
a careful consideration. The claims for a south-
ern route were also presented, and urged persist-
ently and eloquently; and I may safely say that
no argument tending to favor that route was omit-
ted. I can say, for one, that I brought nothing
which was of a local or sectional character to the
consideration of that question. No prejudice
prevented me from advocating, sustaining, or giv-
ing my acquiescence to that or any other of the
propositions presented; and I believe that such
was the feeling of that entire committee. With
the deepest solicitude we examined all the various
propositions before us, and decided that only one
route should be taken. The motives wlueh influ-
enced us to come to that conclusion were: that
only one road was necessary to perform the duties
required by the Government; that one road, for
the present at least, could answer all the demands
of commerce; and that an attempt or proposition
to build more than one road at a time might shock
the public mind with the magnitude and cost of
the undertaking, and, at the same time, deter cap-
ital from seeking investments m either, and thus
defeat the whole project.
The considerations which I have mentioned
also pointed out the central route, because it is
more central as to the territory of the country;
more central to population; more central to the
line of emigration; more central to the great busi-
ness interestsofthecountry;and it passes through
that portion of the territory which is best calcu-
lated to invite immigration, and to support the
teeming millions who will follow the track of the
railroad and seek a home where the savage and
the buffalo now roam.
We regarded a central route, too, as better for
military purposes. It has been said here that a
sotfthern road would be vastly better, because it
would aid us in a war with Mexico; and that a
northern road would be better, because it would
bring us in immediate communication with the
hostile Indians of the North. Sir, the American
Army has never found any insuperable difficulty
in finding the enemy, wherever they might be.
No obstruction has ever prevented their finding
them, and giving them a proper reception when
met. In a military point of view, that road is
most valuable that affords the most speedy and
safest transportation of succor, in troops and mu-
nitions of war, to the most important, unprotected
points of the country*. What is the nature of the
wars which we must in the future expect to have,
if any? Our wars, which will be attended with
any sort of danger to the country, will not be
brushes with Mexico or skirmishes with hostile
Indians. Whenever a war occurs which will de-
mand the energies of the country, it will be with
a maritime Power. Our wars will be upon the
0<§tean, and our protection will be required upon
our oceanic frontiers. It is important, then, for
us to make a connection with the Pacific coast
where we are most assailable; and this bill pro-
vides that wo shall make that conncction with that
point upon the Pacific coast which is t'he most
important at the present time, on account of its
commercial position, and of its-being the most
important maritime city upon that coast.
In selecting, then, a line for a military road, it
is important that it should be ldflited where a for-
eign Power cannot reach it and cutoff communi-
cation between the termini. In that view look at
the southern route. Let it go to San Diego, as is
proposed, and from there to San Francisco, and
it is open at every point to sudden attacks and
interruption by forces that might be thrown upon
shorn trom ships, or it might be approached
through the Mexican territory. The same objec-
tion lies against the northern route.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Cannot the gentle-
man see from the map which is spread before us,
that the proposition is to build that road where it
approaches the Pacific coast sixty or seventy
miles from the coast through a valley to the watprs
of the San Joaquin ?
Mr. FRENCH. I do not know exactly where
that road is to be located along the coast. I see
the red linn upon the map, it is true, and I see its
terminus is at San Diego; and I would inquire of
the gentleman from Virginia what means of de-
fense there are at San Diego, to protect the road
at that point.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. None.
Mr. FRENCH. None, none whatever, as the
gentleman admits. Then the objection I urge is
admitted by the gentleman from Virginia, so far
as San Diego is concerned. It is important that
we should take care that the communication be-
tween the two termini shall not bo cut off, and the
object of the road be thereby defeated.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Is it not our object
to pour troops upon the enemy ?
Mr. FRENCH. I admit that it is our object
to furnish means of pouring troops upon an
enemy, whore an enemy may be found, and to
furnish provisions and munitions of war to our
own troops; but it is not neccssary that the whole
continent should be skirted for the purpose of
taking care of the peons or rancheros of Mexico.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I should suppose
that you would feel an interest in the peons.
They are slaves, you know.
Mr. FRENCH. I will say that it is no part
of my business to interfere with slaves where
slavery exists. My desire is to be with freemen;
to associate with freemen; to stand by freemen,
by their interests and rights, and I always will,
here and everywhere else. But, while the gen-
tleman is taking care of our interests near Mex-
ico, he forgets that Oregon and Washington, with
the entire northern frontier, will be unprotected
Nxnd unguarded. It is to reach them, to protect
and promote their interests, and to furnish the
probability of a direct railroad communication
with them at no distant day, that gives the centra!
road a very decided advantage over the southern.
Sir, I was speaking of the necessity of protect-
ing the road from the assaults of an enemy, so as
to prevent communication being cut off. The
central route presents this advantage: that it is
inaccessible to any enemy except as it may be
approached at either terminus.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. It is proper for me
to remind the gentleman, on the subject of snow-
that Colonel Johnson was stopped by snow on
his march to the Mormon city, and had abso-
lutely to quarter his troops in the mountains in
consequence of their inability to proceed. We *
also know that Colonel Fremont himself, in at-
tempting to cross these mountains — not at the
South Pass, to be sure; I believe it was at a new
pass—absolutely came very near losing his own
life, and lost quite a number of his men. We also
know that Colonel Cooke and Captain Marey have
described it as the most extraordinarily horrid
country, beset with the most terrible obstructions.
With these facts before us, I am amazed to hear
gentlemen talk about comparing these obstructions
with those to be found in the settled portions of
the country.
Mr. FRENCH. I have no doubt, Mr. Speaker,
that the reports which have been received of the
difficulties to be overcome in that remote portion
of the country will teem with horror. The desire
that an explorer would have to magnify the extent
of his exploits might incline him to use language
as figurative as that which the gentleman from •
Virginia uses when recommending the adoption
of a southern route. >
< Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I ask the gentleman
if he does not recollect that during the Mormon
war we lost a train of a thousand oxen by intense
cold?
Mr. FRENCH. Cattle will starve to death
anywhere where forage cannot be found.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri.-aHas the gentleman
from Virginia not heard of a number of persons
having frozen to death in the passes of the mount-
ains by the Texas route?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. No, sir; I never
heard such a thing.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I appeal to the
members from Texas whether it is not so.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Well, I never heard
of it; but does the gentleman mean to say that it
is freezing and killing weather in Texas ?
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I mean to say that
accidcnts may happen in all regions, and m the
best regulated families. *
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Have not men and
beasts perished, without number, on that central
route?
Mr. FRENCH. I am not intending to deny
that snow falls in the Rocky Mountains, or that
obstructions to travel are not presented there. I
am not pretending to deny that men traveling there .
with teams that have became footsore and weary,
without shelter, and almost without food, have to
encounter immense difficulties in passing through
these mountains ufeut the constant rushing of the
iron horse over the rails will keep the track clear
of snow. Examine the map, and form, if you
can, a better route than that reported by the com-
mittee—one furnishing greater accommodations
and facilities than does that route—and I, for one,
am ready to go for that proposition.
We are told by the gentleman from Missouri,
whose amendment has been presented here, that
there is a better route further south; but his
amendment refers contingently to going down by
Albuquerque, within four degrees of the extreme
southern portion of the territory of the United
States. That is not a central route in any sense,
and will carry you further into yellow fever than
the central route objected to by the gentleman
from Virginia will.carry you into cold and snow.
It will carry you'over parched and arid plains
where, in the heat of summer, water is scarcely
to be found, and where the yellow fever, the
angel of death, rages with particular delight.
Mr. HAMILTON. Will the gentleman from
Maine state on what particular point of the thirty-
sixth parallel of latitude the yellow fever has been,
according to the best history of diseases of the
country that he has ever examined ?
Mr. FRENCH. It has been found on the At-
lantic coast in that latitude; and it rages with as
much virulence there as in any other portion of
the country.
Mr. HAMILTON. What particular portion
of the coast is on the thirty-sixth parallel of lat-
itude ?
Mr. FRENCH. Carolina. Norfolk is further
north. There is no population on this line, on the
proposed southern road, in the region of which I
am speaking.
Mr. HAMILTON. Has the gentleman ever
