480
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17.
that high truth and sincere devotion that ought to
mark the spirit of any man who is honored with
a seat in this body.
Mr. President, I hope we shall not have an ad-
journment, or if we do have it, let us have an
agreement from both sides to get clear of a trifling
subject by saying thatat such a time, on such a day,
a vote shall be taken and the subject disposed of.
I thank the Senator from Maine with whom I
have been associated heretofore on the subject of
printing, for the courtesy he has extended to me
m allowing me to make a few remarks that I be-
lieve simply just to the subject. I will add that
although I was connected for a great while with
this subject of public printing as a member of the
Committee on Printing of this body, I withdrew
From it some time ago and declined further service
upon it, with a declaration to my friends that if
they put me on that committee again, the power
of the Senate could not force me to have any con-
nection with it in any way; that they might put
me there, but that nothing could compel me to go
into the committee-room or have anything to do
with it. Now, I leave the discussion with deep
regret that I have found gentlemen who agree with
me politically, on opposite sides of this question—
gentlemen for whom I feel the profoundest respcct
and the sincerest affection. I hope that if we are
to have an adjournment now we shall at least have
an agreement beforehand, fixing the time atwhieh
we shall take the vote.
Mr. KING. I am a little surprised to see the
course taken on the other side, exhibiting a dis-
position to cover up and dispose of this matter
without further investigation.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Will the Sen-
ator from New York allow me one word?
Mr. KING. Certainly.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I ask the Sen-
ator if he believes there is on this side the slight-
est inclination in the world to avoid the fullest in-
vestigation and the most entire exposure of every
fact connected with the matter ?
Mr. KING. Unless I misunderstood the Sen-
ator from Arkansas, I supposed him to desire that
this thing should be settled outside the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Then you mis-
understood me entirely.
Mr. KING. I am happy to hear it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Not only that,
but I fear the Senator was not very.attentivc to
what I said. I said distinctly that I thought we
had the power to expel the person whom we may
elect as Public Printer, if he exhibited the least
moral obliquity; and I pledged myself to that.
Now, sir, with a firm faith and with a regardless-
ness to friendship or any tie whatever, if I have
it among those who may be connected with this
transaction, I protest that I have seen nothing in
this matter which is wrong or dishonest or cor-
rupt. I will, however, give all opportunities by
my votes to have anything connected with the
subject inquired into; hut I protest against this
debate being kept up for a week or longer to
divert the consideration of the Senate from the
positions of the Senator from New York and that
of his friends, which I think will be much more
profitable to this country that the people should
fully understand. I hope the Senate will not con-
strue my taking this couise as wishing to avoid
the fullest investigation and the most public decla-
ration of the facts in regard to the whole mat-
ter
Mr. KING. I am happy to hear that the Sen-
ator desires to have an investigation of this matter.
I think it should be had. It seems to me, from
the exhibition which we have had here, that there
are certain facts which are disclosed, and as I sup-
pose, not disputed on the other side or anywhere.
It appears that the executive printing is—perhaps
to say farmed out is using an expression that is
very harsh, and yet I can scarcely characterize it
by any other term. It seems that $90,000 are
gathered from the profits of the executive printing,
by contract, for the purpose of supporting a party
newspaper here at the capital, by the advice and
upon consultation with the executive officers. It
seems that this matter is one which is a subject of
contract between the Superintendent of the Public
Printing and the printer for the executive depart-
ments, or the Public Printer, and that it is a con-
dition of the contract that when he ceases to have
this public printing he shall cease to pay. Why,
Mr. President, what language could be more dis-
tinctor direct than this, to make acondition that this
public printing is given to him for the payment of
$20,000? If that is not corruption, I do not know
what corruption is, or what the sale of the public
offices and the patronage of the public is.
Mr. PITCH. I merely wish to ask the Sena-
tor from New York if he will permit a vote to be
taken ? I understand there is no opposition on
this side to the adoption of the resolution, and
the Senator can debate this thing on the report.
Mr. KING. If the matter is to be thoroughly
investigated, it seems to me the facts disclose cor-
ruption that requires to be examined, and I ask that
the resolution be read. I concur in the suggestion
made by the Senator from New Hampshire, that
the inquiry should be broad enough to cover other
newspapers that have been made the subjects of
bounty from the public printing. Let us have a
reform in this matter, if the facts disclosed in open
Senate are true.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I will say to
the Senator from New York that I will vote for
the resolution. I am for an investigation.
Mr. KING. I have not intended to charge any
design of corruption on the Senator from Arkan-
sas. I know his honorable character, and I know
his impetuous character, too.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I believe the Senate must
be pretty well satisfied that I was right in my first
supposition, and that was that there was no chance
of getting a vote on this proposition without de-
bate.
Mr. FITCH. I do not think gentlemen on this
side will debate it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Ay; but one of the Sen-
ators 011 this side of the Chamber has suggested
an amendment that may not perhaps be accepta-
ble to gentlemen on the other side. Now, then,
the idea upon which I moved an adjournment
before was this, simply—1 believe I stated it dis-
tinctly: that this was a family quarrel on the other
side of the Chamber; we have taken no part in it;
we have no interest in it; we do not expect to
elect a Printer; and it is hardly fair to keep us
here to a very late hour in the day to hear this
family quarrel settled. I think it can be more
advantageously adjusted out of the Chamber than
in it; and therefore I realiy think it would have
been better to have followed the suggestion I made
early, and which I now repeat—that the Senate
adjourn. I make that motion; and I give gentle-
men notico that I will withdraw it for nobody.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 should like to ask permission
before the motion is put 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I closed with a notice
that I would not withdraw the motion.
Mr. DAVIS. I desire to speak of a matter
unconnected with the question which has been
discussed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I must eat my own
words, I suppose. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAVIS. I am sure, when the Senator
hears me, he will not object. A printed card this
morning has been laid on the desks of Senatsrs,
in which Mr. C. W. Hall presents himself as a
candidate for the Senate printing, and refers par-
ticularly to the Presiding Officer of the Senate,
the Vice President. He says:
" As to my integrity and ability, and tho capacity of the
cstabhsllniciu to perform the work in as prompt and satis-
factory a manner as ever heretofore performed, I refer, by
permission, to Hon. J. C. Breckinridge, Vice President of
tlie United States."
I am requested by our worthy Presiding Officer
to say, in order that Senators may not misunder-
stand him as presenting himself before them as the
general and particular referee of a candidate for
their printing, that the extent of understanding be-
tween himself and Mr. Hall was, that Mr. Hall
might refer to him as one knowing him to be a gen-
tleman and a man of integrity; that as to his print-
ing establishment in this city and lus capacity to
do the public printing, he knew nothing, and never
authorized him to refer to him in that connection.
He desires that it should be known that he has not
thus intruded any opinion of his upon the Senate,
in connection with Us election of Printer.
Mr. FITCH. My name is mentioned, too; and
since this question has come up, justice to myself
and to Mr. Hall requires me to say that he had my
permission to refer to me in full as to his individ-
ual integrity and his capacity to do the work. The
extent of his permission from the Vice President
I know nothing about; but I presume he has been
inadvertently led into an error of phraseology in
his.card. Mr. Hall is a gentleman in every re-
spect. The Vice President, and every one else
knowing him, might well certify the fact. He has
ability; he has integrity; and the establishment,
which 1 am told is under his control, likewise has
the capacity for doing the public printing. That«
establishment is Wendell's. I need not go into
the history—it can scarcely be required—of the
circumstances under which it is said to have come
under his control. I know nothing about it, ex-
cept from the representations of him and other
parties interested—among the rest, Mr. Wendell
himself. But, at the same time, it is due to my-
self and to Mr. Hall, to say that I told him, m
candor, I should not vote for him. I was in the
caucus in which General Bowman was nominated;
and, of course, he will receive my support.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish to be understood. I was
not authorized to withdraw any expression of
opinion as to his being a gentleman, and a man
of integrity. My purpose, X hope, was under-
stood to be to show that the Vice President had
not committed the indelicacy of authorizing the
card l$id on the desks of Senators to indicate a
preference, on his part, as to the election of Senate
Printer.
Mr. KING. I waived what I was going on
to say a few minutes since, with a view to have
this resolution adopted with such amendments
as the Senate might choose to make; but I desire
to say that I differ from my friend from Maine
in regarding this as a mere family quarrel. 1
think it exhibits and discloses transactions in
which the public have an interest, and it is for
that reason that I would interpose m the matter.
If it was a mere matter which 1 supposed was
personal to the gentlemen on the other side of the
House, or to these candidates, and related simply
to themselves, I should not have interposed; but
I tjiink the facts call for further disclosures. I
was glad to see this resolution of investigation
offered, and I will waive any further remarks in
relation to it now with the expectation that this
matter is to be adjourned, and we can take up the
resolution and put it in proper shape on some
other day; and I will myself now make the mo-
tion to adjourn.
Mr. YlJLEE called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 18, nays 36; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Bragg, Chandler,
Clatk, OoIIamer, Doohttle, Durkee, Fessenden, Foot, Fos-
ter, Hale, King, Seward, Simmons, Trumbull, Wade, and
Wilson—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayaid, Benjamin, Bigler, Brown, Cam-
eron, Cliesmit, Clay, Clingman, Davis, Douglas, Fitch,
Fitzpatnck, Giccn, Gnmes, Gwm, Ilammond, Haun,
Hemphill, Hunter, Ivcrson, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson
of IVnno-ssee, Kennedy, Lane, Mallory, Mason, Nichol-
son, iVarre, Powell, Puce, Saulsbury, Sebastian, Slideli,
Toombs, Wigfail, and Yulce—36.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. CLAY. It has been suggested to me that
the resolution ought to be amended by adding,
"with power to send for persons and papers;"
and I make that modification.
Mr. KING. I am not so certain that the res-
olution as it now stands would authorize the in-
quiry—but if the Senate supposes it will, I shall
waive any amendment—as to the largesses paid
by the Public Printer, "whoever he may be. Is it
intended to include inquiries in relation to the
§41,000 that has been talked about?
Mr. CLAY. It has nothing to do with any-
body but the Superintendent of the Public Printing.
I am not inquiring into Mr. Wendell's conduct.
That is not a legitimate subject of inquiry at this
time; it has no pertinency to the question before
the Senate; which is, the fitness of this nominee
for the office of Senate Printer. That has nothing
to do with it, and I do not want to embarrass it
with that inquiry.
Mr. KING. I think this is a very important
part of this inquiry.
Mr. CLAY. Let the Senator propose to raise
a separate committee for that; because I have no
disposition to embarrass the election of a Printer
or to defer it at all. I want it to go on and be done
with directly, and I do not want to retard it by
my resolution.
Mr. KING. I will offer my amendment, and
the Senate may make what disposition of it they
please.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Will the Sen-
ator allow me to make a suggestion ?
