1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
59
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Organization of the House—Mr. Morris.
Ho. of Reps.
the Legislature at each successive election, and the sacred
rights, of piopeity, held under the Federal Constitution,
woulddepend,for the time being, on the result. The agita-
tion would thus be rendered incessant whilst the territorial
condition remained, and its baneful influence wouki keep
alive a dangerous excitement among the people of the sev-
eral States.
" Thus has the statusjjf a Territory, during the interme-
diate period from its first settlement until it shall become a
State, been irrevocably fixed by the final decision of the
Supreme Court. Foitunate lias this been for the prosperity
of the Tcrritoues, as well as the tranquillity of the States.
Now, emigrants fiom the North and the South, the East and
the West, will moot in the Territories on a common plat-
foim, having brought with them that species of property
best adapted, m their own opinion, to promote their wel-
fare. From natural causes, the slavery question will m
each ca^e soon virtually settle itself; and before the Terri-
toiy is prepared for admission as a State into the Union,
this dccisiun, one way or the other, will have been a foie-
gone conclusion. Meanwhile, the settlement of the new
Territory will proceed without seuous interruption, and its
progress and prosperity will not be endangeied or letaided
by violent political snuggles.
11 When, m the progress of events, the inhabitant? of any
Tenitory shall have reached the number required to form
a State, they will then proceed, in a regular manner, and
in thft exercise of the rights of popular sovereignty, to i'oim
a constitution, preparatory to admission into the Union.
After this has been done, to employ the language of the
Kansas and Nebraska act, they c shall be received into the
Union with or without slaveiy, as then constitution may
presci ibe at the time of their admission.' Tins sound prin-
ciple hay happily been recognized, in some form or other,
by an almost unanimous vote of both Houses of the last
Congress."
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Yes, Mr. Clerk,
there is the whole of it; and it docs seem to mc
that the dose is too nauseating for any moderate
southern man to swallow. The decision of the
Supreme Courtis again, and I am bound to be-
lieve this time, knowingly misinterpreted, as I
hope to show before resuming my seat; slavery
spread, by the effect of his doctrine, all over the
country, and given a constitutional guarantee; all
rights denied to the people of the Territories to
establish their internal police regulations, and de-
termine the character of their own institutions;
and the sentiment unblushingly avowed that Kan-
sas must be kept out of the Union until her pop-
ulation shall have reached the number required to
form a State; which means, kept out at this ses-
sion of Congress! Yes, there it is, and what will
you make of it? You may, apparently, exult over
it; but you know that Mr. Buchanan has no power
to make his word good, and he knows it, too; and
it is not possible you can be deceived by him. I
want to be respectful, but a single paragraph in
the extract I have given from his message, is not
worthy of one who panders to the most vitiated
taste. He says, speaking of a Territory being
required to have a population sufficient for a State,
(of course, he does not undertake to say how many
are necessary for that purpose,) ''after this has
been done," (that is, the fact ascertained that there
is the required population for a State,) " to em-
ploy the language of the Kansas-Nebraska act,
* they shall be received into the Union with or with-
out slavery, as their constitution may prescribe at
the time of their admission.' "
From the disingenuous manner in which this
language is quoted, the President evidently seeks
to leave the impression on the mind that it is all
that is said in that act about the power of the
people over the institution of slaveiy. "Why did
he not tell us, sir, as an honest man, that that
language was to be found in the first section of
the bill, and that it was declared in the fifteenth
section that " it was the true intent and meaning
of the act not to legislate slavery into any Terri-
tory or to exclude it therefrom, but to leave the
people thereof perfectly free to form and regulate
their domestic institutions m their own way, sub-
ject only to the Constitution of the United States ?"
I say, Mr. Clerk, why did not the President tell us
this? Why did he not tell us, as he did in his
letter of acceptance, that such legislation " was
as ancient as freegovemmentits^lf?" Ah! it did
not suit him to do it! It did not suit him to bring np
his own record and be judged by it. He knew it
would convict him. If he quoted at all from the
Kansas-Nebraska bill, he ought to have done so
fairly and honestly. But then his action in this
respect is in keeping with all the balance of his
conduct; and I put it to every fair-minded man,
to every lover of his country, if one who will thus
act when in a high position, the most exalted on
earth, is worthy of continued confidence. The
judgment of the American public has already
passed upon him, and he will be remembered only
as the violator of his pledges to the public and the
Democratic party.
If he has dealt in general vagaries and whole-
sale declarations, I will net follow his example,
but will present facts, figures, and arguments in
refutation of his assertions and positions. I will
undertake to prove the first groundless, and the
last untenable, and for this purpose will go into
the subjects.
Mr. Clerk, the duty of the Government towards,
and its power over the people inhabiting its Ter-
ritories!, are questions of grave and general inter-
est. Everywhere, over our wide-extended land,
they engage public attention. The millonaire m
his palace, the pioneer in his distant cabin, the
farmer, the mechanic, lawyer, and divine, the aged
philosopher, and juvenile in the rural school-house
(that nursery of genius and greatness) turn, as if
by intuition, to the considerations involved in the
subjects, and range themselves upon the one or
the other side of them. I regard this fact as an
indication favorable to the perpetuity of our insti-
tutions. It leads the people to the contemplation
of the rights of the citizen, and the relative and
respective powers of the Federal and State gov-
ernments. No study connected with their national
existence or internal welfare is so well calculatcd
to cement the foundation of the Union, or event-
ually spread moi^s^rofusely the blessings of peace
and joy oveir it.
It is true, sir, when you connectwith the ques-
tions the exciting subject of slavery—which I
shall discuss in its political, and not moral, aspect,
for it is only as a political institution 1 have to
deal with it, as a Representative in Congress—
apparent clouds overspread the horizon, and some
imagine, or pretend to imagine, the Government
is rocking and shaking to its center. Time after
time have predictions been made that this proud
fabric of freedom, reared by our fathers and ded-
icated as an asylum for the oppressed of all na-
tions, would be swept away; and some few have
even been rash enough to reach forth their hand
to strike it down. But the patriotic, conservative
men on all sides, constituting ninety-nine hun-
dredths of the population, have looked out from
their quiet homes upon these Union dcstroyeis,
who stand with uplifted cimcters, crying they are
ready and will strike, and smiled at their folly.
Again and again, during the present, session, ns
has always been the case since I was old enough
to remember, during almost every session of Con-
gress, the Union has been dissolved ! Some ardent
extremist rises from his seat and slashes away
among its sinews and ligaments; but lo ! when he
has finished, he finds his tongue dull and blunt,
and is surprised, as he sinks back into his scat,
that he has not moved the Capitol or even jarred
its topmost pinnacle. Some of this class of pol-
iticians, laboring under a strange hallucination,
imagine they see grim specters hanging afar off
in the political sky, and borrow a great deal of
unnecessary trouble about it, not heeding that
" sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof." One
gentleman, in the exuberance of his feelings, told
us that he was done threatening a dissolution; that
the next time the act would as yoitainly follow
the declaration as the thunder the lightning's Hash.
I was glad to hear this, and hope other gentlemen
will imitate his example, for I like frankness and
am heartily tired of threats. What they are going
to do, ]#tthcm do, and not talk eternally aboutit.
If the fearful day to try the strength of this Gov-
ernment must come, let it come without so much
talk! talk! talk! I shall not apprehend much
danger, however, to the Ilcpublic, so long as our
present valiant Chief Magistrate, who, from the
steps of the White House, can denounce men as
cowards, keeps the portrait of '' old Hickory" in
his reception room to give him courage ! How
he would look at the head of an army, as com-
mander-in-chief, dressed out with a cocked hat
and epaulets on his shoulders, saving the Union !
But, Mr. Clerk, to be more serious, I am glad
of this "sound and fury signifying nothing."
The sunshhio follows the storm. E\^n if the
hurricane in its course partially lifts a few sturdy
oaks from their moorings, and bends and cracks
a few of the younger trees, when it passes by,
the swaying of the forest ceases, and it looks all
the more grand from having defied the march of
the Storm-King. So with our Government. You
may shake it by convulsions; you may send the
mad ravings of fanaticism raging through its
length and breadth; you may sweep it with the
storms of public excitement; you may swing wicfc
open the gates of infuriated passion, and pour its
flood-tide out upon the land; you may hear the
low murmurings of discontentment as they send
their death-chitiing sounds out upon the winds;
men of gigantic intellect may encircle the pillars
of liberty's temple, and haul and tug at them;
you may even imagine at times you feel the foun-
dation upon which your Government stands giv-
ing way, the floors of this Hall sinking under
your feet, and its colossal columns and massive
walls trembling beneath some terrific threat; but
be not alarmed at all this, they are only the pelt-
ings of the storm upon the mountain's breast—
the storm, not the mountain, is consumed; they
are only the rocking of the waves within the Gov-
ernment banks over which thoy cannot leap, and
will subside in due time into repose within them.
The public mind is awakened to greater vigilance,
and the great heart of the nation beats more stead-
ily and firmly from the agitation, and is more
healthful and vigorous when it passes away. It
is not to be wondered at that in a country like
ours, so vast and diversified in climate, produc-
tions, institutions, and interest, embracing nearly
twenty-five degrees of latitude and more than fifty-
seven of longitude, that irritations should spring
up, and individuals be guilty of gross outrages of
private and public right.
The Abolitionists of the North, instigated by a
blind fanaticism, have warred upon slavery in the
South, and obstructed the execution of the fugi-
tive slave law, without regard to the manner the
institution of slavery was introduced into the
country, the impossibility of getting rid of it, or
the rights of others. This we do not pretend to
deny, but own the truth, while we condemn the
wrong, and labor to correct it as far as we can.
On the other hand, the South is not faultless, or,
I should rather say, has citizens who disregard
law. It has been but a few months since a grand
jury in Charleston, South Carolina, pronounced
the law for the suppression of the slave trade un-
constitutional, and refused to indict those who had
violated it; while a number of persons in another
slave State viewed the act in the same light, and
offered, in a circular they issued on the subject, a
premium for a number of native Africans. Wil-
liam Walker fitted out his piratical expeditions
under the very doors of southern court-houses,
against a Power with whom we were at peace, and
in dcfianccof the President's proclamations, which
were laughed at, and when arrested, was at once
discharged. Yet who, in the North or West, ever
thought of holding the South, as a section, re-
sponsible for all this, and going out of the Union
in consequence of it? States are only responsible
for what they do or justify, as States, to sister
Suites; and it is madness for any of them to talk
about going out of the Union becausc of an injury
inflicted by individuals. Wrongs have existed in
society, States, and Governments, and will always
exist until man is made perfect; and if we had a
little moie charity one for the other, we would not
sec the mote in our neighbor's eye without pluck-
ing the beam from our own.
There is among the masses everywhere from
the Atlantic to the Pacific—from the utmostpoint
of our southern to the utmostpoint of our north-
ern domain—a love for our country and its free
institutions, too deeply and immovably embedded
m public affection to be tori^ up by politicians, and
scattered in broken and dishonored fragments. We
talk here, sir, as though this Union belonged to us.
It belongs to the masses and they will take carc of
it. How my heart was rejoiced, sir, at the begin-
ning of our session, to hear the clear, eloquent,
| clarion voice of the distinguished gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr.Nelson]—with whom I agree po
litically only in his views of the Union, and who,
I am told, though a somewhat aged man, is holding
his first office, and has come here to pay his devo-
tion at the shrine of our national independence—
ring out over an excited House the glorious senti-
ment,he was for the Constitution and the Union",
to which he might have added the glowing and in-
spiring words of Daniel Webster, dear to every
true American, "one and inseparable-, now and
