THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, JANUARY 19, 1860.
New Series No. 31
Mr. KING. Certainly.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I hope the Sen-
ator will amend his proposition so as to embrace
not only the immediate subject-matter under con-
sideration; not only the Superintendent, but all
other persons and matters that are germane to it.
That will take in Mr. Wendell and all. I do not
think this side has any occasion to attempt to es-
cape investigation.
Mr. KING-. I move to amend the resolution
by adding that the committee inquire into the
charge which has been madeasto whether §41,000,
or any other sum, has been paid from the profits of 1
the public printing for the support of newspapers. '
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster.) !
The question is on the amendment of the Senator ■
from New York. !
Mr. GREEN. I call for the reading of the |
amendment. !
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Clerk will !
reduce it to writing, and read it. j
Mr. CLAY. If the Senator from New York i
wants the inquiry which he proposes, let him j
offer it as an independent proposition, and I am !
willing to vote for it; but we must have a Public
Printer; there is a particular exigency just now,
and I do not want to defer it.
Mr. KING. It is my opinion that, until these
facts are ascertained, we ought not to choose this
Mr. Bowman at any rate; and this certainly will
not embarrass our choosing anybody else.
Mr. FITCH. The amendment of the Senator
from New York proposes to look into some pri-
vate transactions between private individuals. I
have no objection to it, and do not care how soon
the inquiry is had, if thu Senate is prepared to go
into that investigation, or has the power to go into
it, as is well suggested to me by a Senator. But
the resolution of the Senator from Alabama is
germane to the matter before us; it proposes to
look into the conduct of a gentleman who comes
here as a candidate for office, and against whom
charges are made, and also in another capacity;
but the amendment of the Senator from New
York proposes to look into certain pecuniary
transactions between private individuals who were
not, and have not been, to my knowledge, officers
of the Senate or of Congress.
Mr. KING. If these were private individuals,
these things yould not be before the Senate.
Public officers and party purposes—all these mat-
ters have been connected with this matter, and
connected with the Administration and members
of the Cabinet. These are not private persons.
Mr. FITCH. 1 would like the Senator from
New York to inform me when the editor of the
Pennsylvania!!, or Argus, or Mr. "Wendell, who,
I believe, is involved in the matter, were officers of
the Senate.
Mr. KING. I did not say that they were; but
I believe the letters which have been read here,
have been from members of the Cabinet connected
with this matter, advising this thing.
Mr. FITCH. I beg pardon; the Senator is not
correct in that respect. There is no scratch of the
pen from any source before the Senate identifying
any of the parties.
Mr. KING. I thought the letters of Attorney
General Black and Mr. Secretary Thompson had
been read.
Mr. FITCH. That is in connection with the
continuance of Mr. Bowman as Superintendent.
Mr. KING. I make the motion, and the Sen-
ate can dispose of it as they please.
Mr. GREEN. I have but one word to soy.
The charge is made. I want it made in a specific
form m writing, signed by some responsible name,
and then the imestigation ought to be had. With-
out that, there is no charge.
Mr. FESSENDEN J t strikes me this is rather
a curious proceeding to raise a special committee
for this particular purpose; and in order to look
at it fairly, I think we ought to consider the posi-
tion in which Mr. Bowman stands before the Sen-
ate. I do not know that he is known to us yet.
Here is a proposition to elect a Printer. That is
the proposition before the Senate on which there
31
has been this debate to-day. It was a proposition
simply to elect a Printer; and upon that, one of
the Senators belonging to the majority gets up in
the Senate and makes an attack on one Mr. Bow-
man, and another Senator defends one Mr. Bow-
man, and still another Senator mixes in the fight.
Upon that proposition to elect a Public Printer,
these charges and defenses of one Mr. Bowman
are made; and here is a proposition for a special
committee to be raised on the part of the Senate,
before we can elect a Public Printer, to go on and
make an investigation of the conduct of Mr. Bow-
man. What do we know of Mr. Bowman, con-
nected with the public printing?
Mr. FITCH. The proposition is to inquire into
his conduct as an officer of the Government, as
Superintendent of Public Printing.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Exactly, I am coming to
that; but let Senators look at it in its true light.
As 1 said before, the proposition is to elect a
Printer, and on that there arises a debate about
Mr. Bowman. What has Mr. Bowman to do with
the proposition to elect a Printer ? If the Senators
on the other side of the Chamber want to elect
Mr. Bowman, they can elect him. Is there no-
body else who can be found in the ranks of the
universal Democratic party who can be elected
Printer ? Because one Mr. Bowman was formerly
Superintendent of the Public Printing, are we,
therefore, to examine his conduct by a special reso-
lution; to defer indefinitely the period of electing a
Public Printer until the charges made against Mr,
Bowman as Superintendent of the Public Print-
ing can be investigated ? Why, sir, it is placing
the whole matter m the most ridiculous attitude
m the world. This is to be done when Mr. Bow-
man is out of office, and when nothing in God's
world can be done with Mr. Bowman if you find out
about it, because there is no penalty for engaging
directly or indirectly in other business that I know
of. He is prohibited from doing it; but that is all.
Mr. CLAY. If the Senator will pardon me
one moment, I wish to make a suggestion which
will probably relieve him.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not feel in need of
any relief, but I will hear the suggestion.
Mr. CLAY. The Senator seems to think that
the inquiry is entirely supererogatory, if not, in-
deed, improper, and I will withdraw the resolu-
tion, then, with his consent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should think it would
be quite as well.
Mr. CLAY. Then, at the suggestion of the
Senator, I will withdraw the resolution.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I thought that was what
would come of it. Now I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER The Chair un-
derstands the gentleman from Alabama to have
withdrawn the resolution by common consent.
The Senate will proceed to execute the order,
that at this time they elect a Printer. Senators
, will please prepare their ballots for him whom
| they would have for Printer.
| Mr. SIMMONS. Is the resolution withdrawn?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
j Mr. SIMMONS. I thought there was an
! amendment pending. It has been amended once
by the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It was with-
drawn by common consent. The Chair stated it
could be withdrawn by common consent, and no
objection was heard. No amendment was made
to the resolution pending its proposal. Senators
will prepare their ballots.
The ballots having been duly collected and can-
vassed, were found to result as follows: Whole
number of votes cast, 4&; necessary to a choice,
25; of which—
George W. Tiowmrm nvelvccl   ."'7
WV^ton &. Coombs 11
II. M. Watters.011 4
Geojge G. t'ogg.  
(ialcs & Fcatoti  j
Richard ^mitli  *-
O. W. Hall  1
Blank   *•
Mr. George W. Bowman, having received a
majority of all the votes cast, was declared duly
elected jPrinter to the Senate for the Thirty-Sixth
Congress.
On motion of Mr. HAUN, the Senate then
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 17, 1860.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The CLERK stated that the business first in
order was the question of the admissibility of the
resolution proposed to be submitted on the 13th
instant, by Mr. Pennington"; on which the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Hutchins] was entitled
to the floor.
CALL OF TIIE IXOUSE.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move that there be a call
of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The roll was accordingly called; when the fol-
lowing members failed to answer jto their names:
Messrs. Blake, Bonham, Boyce, Brown, Campbell, Hor-
ace F. Clark, Clemens, Clark ii. Cochrane, John Oocliiane,
Cox,Diimmck, DuelI,Edmundson, English, Florence, Gar-
nettj J. Moirison Harris, Ha&kin, Hill, Jackson, Jen-
kin-?, Koitt, Kunkel, Miilson, Erhvard Joy Morris, Isaac N.
Mori is, Reynolds, Rust, Sickles, Sirams, Singleton, Stall-
worth, Stevens, and Webster.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. BLAIR stated that Mr. Campbell had
paired for the day with Mr. Florence.
Mr.FENTON stated that Mr. Clakk B. Coch-
rane was paired off with Mr. Kunkel for this
week.
Mr. WINSLOW stated that Mr. Dimmick had
paired off with Mr. Hail.
Mr. STEWART, of Pennsylvania, stated that
he had paired off with Mr. Taylor.
Mr. McRAE stated that Mr. Clemens had
paired off with Mr. Stevens, of Pennsylvania,
until next Monday.
Mr. BARKSDALE stated that Mr. Jackson
was absent on account of indisposition in his fam-
ily.
While the list of absentees was being called,
Mr. CURTIS moved that all further proceed-
ings under the call be dispensed with.
Mr. WINSLOW. I desire to know the object
of this call. Da gentlemen intend to press a
vote ?
Mr. CURTIS. I suppose the.call was moved
with a view of getting a respectable audience
present.
Mr. WINSLOW. If that is all, I see no
objection to suspending further proceedings.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. As the Clerk
has commenced calling the roll of absentees, I
think it would be better to go through with it.
Mr. CURTIS. Very well; if gentlemen desire
it, I have no objection.
The Clerk concluded the call of the list of
absentees.
Mr. FENTON. As I suppose no vote is to be
taken, I move to dispense with all further pro-
ceedings under the call.
Mr. WINSLOW. Understanding that the ob-
ject of gentlemen is not to press a vote just now,
there is no difficulty about suspending further
proceedings under the call.
The motion was agreed to.
THE SPEAKERSHIP.
Mr. PENNINGTON. Before the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Hutching] proceeds, I wish to
. withdraw the resolution I offered the other day.
! It has expired by its own limitation, and I with-
draw it to avoid confusion. The gentleman may
present any resolution he pleases.
The CLERK, The question then recurs upon
the admissibility of the resolution proposed to be
suMnnt-'d by Mr. Edward* on Thursday last,
j Mr. HUTCHINS. Up to this time, in obedi-
j dice to a policy which is approved by the judg-
{ meat of a majority of the political friends with
