482
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
whom it is my pleasure to act upon this floor, and
in accordance with my own judgment, I have re-
frained from participating™ this discussion, which
has taken place preliminary to an organization.
I fully concur witn my political friends, that such
discussion, anterior to an organization, is out of
place and out of order; and I must, Mr. Clerk,
be allowed to say that, in my judgment, it has
been conducted in exceedingly bad taste, to use
no harsher term. The Republican party, sir,
and the people of the free States, have been ruth-
lessly assailed, and I might say shamelessly as-
sailed. Their principles and their acts have been
grossly misrepresented. Their motives and their
patriotism have been rudely impeached. Their
citizens have been denounced as worthy of the
gallows for frankly expressing, in the exercise of
their own undoubted constitutional rights, their
sentiments on the subject of slavery.
But, Mr. Clerk, I do not propose to reply to
the arguments that have been addressed to us from
the outer side of the House, preliminary to an
organization. If I should do so, I should condemn
my own judgment and my own action in the
premises up to this time. Resolutions have been
introduced and are now pending, saying, in sub-
stance, that individuals entertaining certain opin-
ions, and indorsing certain sentiments, are unfit,
to be Speaker of this House. In my judgment,
there are a great many men who are politically
unfit to be Speaker of this House. In my judg-
ment, any man who sustains the pro-slavery, con-
tract-jobbing policy of this Administration is unfit,
politically, to be Speaker. In my judgment, a
Representative on this floor who is in favor of re-
opening the African slave trade, or who opposes the
admission of Kansas into the Union, under her re-
cently adopted constitution, is unfit to be Speaker.
But, sir, I would regard it as entirely out of order
for me to introduce a resolution to that effect. 1
deny the right of a minority or of a majority in
this House to prescribe the rule by which my
vote for Speaker .shall be controlled or regulated.
We are to determine by our votes who is fit and
who isunfitto be Speaker. And the man who can
receive a majority vote in any way that the House
sees lit to adopt, is, in the opinion of that majority,
fit to be Speaker of the Idiouse; and it is not the
business of the minority to find fault with that
judgment.
Thus much, Mr. Clerk, with regard to the prin-
ciple that has been discussed here. 1 intend, in
the very few remarks that I shall make, to con-
fine myself strictly to the point of organization.
That is m order; and itis proper that it should be
discusscd. I wish to say here distinctly that I
speak for nobody but myself. My political friends
on this floor are not responsible lor anything I
may utter on this question of organization. I am
unhkt-' my distinguished colleague, [Mr. Corwin-,]
at least in this one respect, that I am not a loader
of the Republican party. I impeach nobody's
motives. I will presume that every man has dis-
charged his duty conscientiously on this floor either
in discussing or voting. I believe that we hate
faithfully endeavored to reach a majority of the
House, in the mode which we have seen fit to
adopt, with a view to an organization. Six weeks
have passed away since we commenced trying to
organize the House; awd wc have not, as yet, suc-
ceeded. I believe that a majority of the members
on this floor, of all parties, desire an organization.
X think that the interests of the Government} and
especially the condition of its creditors, demand
an immediate organization of the House. I think
the people of the country are sick at heart of the
rhetorical and polemical exercises in this Hall—
I will not say in this House, because we are not
a House until we are organized. I believe fur-
ther that, in the present state of political parties
here, it is utterly impossible ever to get a major-
ity vote direct for Speaker. Wc have tried it; and
tried it thus far in vain. Now, it does sQem tome \
that there is a way by which this House can be |
speedily organized. Why,hasiteometo this, that !
a majorityof the House cannot control its action?
that, if a majority really desire an organization,
there is no way by which it can be effected ? Is
that so? If it is, then I must say that we are
at the mercy of a minority, however small that
minority may be.
It is said that the plurality rule is unconstitu-
tional. Now, what is the language of the Con-
stitution on that point? It is very brief. It has
been referred to by other gentlemen, but X will
simply refer to it again:
" The House of Representatives shall choose their Speaker
and other officers."
The manner of choice is left to the discretion of
the House. It may be done by vote viva voce. It
may be done by a secret ballot. It may be done
by the appointment of a committee to designate a
man, and the majority may determine that that
man shall be Speaker of the House.
Now admit, for argument's sake, that it takes
a majority to constitute "the House." If a ma-
jority declare that the persorj who shall receive
the greatest number of votes shall be Speaker of
the House, that is the action of the majority.
There can be no doubt about that. The major-
ity speak in that way. But we are not without
precedent on this point. We have precedents
from both the political parties of the country. I
need not refer to the records of the House where
the precedents are to be found.
• Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. If the gentle-
man from Ohio will yield to me for a few moments,
I have before me the opinions of distinguished gen-
tlemen , some of them among the ablest members of
Congress on the Democratic side of the House, in
reference to this very question, in the session of
1855 and 1856, and which, with the indulgence
of the gentleman, I will read.
Mr. HUTCHINS. I will yield to the gentle-
man for that purpose.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Thegentlcman
has said, very well and very forcibly, I think, that
the House may choose its Speaker in the form
and manner which it may see fit to adopt. The
majority of the House may think it well to elect
a Speaker by a -uiua voce vote; by ballot; by the
passage of a resolution by the majority declaring,
that a gentleman named therein shall be the Speak-
er; or the majority may declare that whoever may
be selected by any number of members, twenty,
fifty, one hundred, or any other number, shall be
the Speaker of the House. That was the position
taken by the House four years ago; and I will
now call the attention, and especially the atten-
tion of the gentleman from Georgia, tMr. Craw-
ford,] who interrupted me the other day, to what
Mr. Cmngman, of North Carolina, said on this
subject on that occasion. It was then considered
that the resolution, passed after the execution of
the order of the House under the plurality reso-
lution, was unnecessary. This gentleman and
others then declared the resolution to be unneces-
sary, but they consented to its adoption in order
to satisfy some members, who had doubts upon
the subject. Mr. Clingman, on that occasion,
said:
" I have the floor now to say afew words. I was endeav-
oring to get it when the gentleman riom Ohio rose, and as
soon as the point of older was laised. I anticipated some-
time of thib early m the se.s^ion ; and when 1 spoke of going
for the plurality luie, the question was frequently put to mt;
by gentlemen upon the other side, whether, it that rule was
adopted, 1 would then vote foi such a revolution as wa«
adopted m 1849? 1 replied, that I K-garded no such lesolu-
tion as neeessaty. because the previous resolution was suf-
ficient—that it was the actof a majorityof the House. That
was the opinion I then entertained, and I hold the same
opinion now. The resolution declares that the person who
receives the highest number of votes shall be Speaker. The
tellers merely announce who has that vote, and I entertain
the. opinion that the gentleman from Massachusetts can take
hi*, seat under the resolution. That was and is now my
opinion. But I saw that, if the plurality lulevveie. resorted
to, whether or not you could pass a resolution declaring the
gentleman who leceived the highest number of votes for
Speaker would depend upon its plnaseoiogy. i say now to
the gentleman from Ohio, and to others, that if a resolution
shall he offered declaring that the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts has been elected Speaker, by virtue of that plurality
resolution, if they think it necessary, X will vote for it.*'
Mr. BARKSDALE. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Certainly.
Mr. BAP.KSDALE. It is, if, when Mr. Cobb
received a plurality of the votes cast, a resolution
was not offered declaring him Speaker of the
House; and if that resolution did not receive a
majority of the votes of the House; and whether
he was considered Speaker until that resolution 1
was passed; and whether the same thing was not i
done when Mr. Banks was elected under the plu-
rality rule ? j
Mr, WASHBURN, of Maine. If the gentle-
man from Mississippi will have a little patience,
I will answer his question. In the first place, I
will tell him what took place after Mr. Cobb was
elected. A resolution had been passed under which
Mr. Cobb had been elected by the vote of a plu-
rality of the members of the House. A gentle-
man from Ohio, and one of the ablest men who
ever held a seat in the House of Representatives,
Mr. Schenck, then took the same ground that
Mr. Clingman occupied in 1855-56, namely, that
itwas unnecessary that any resolution, declaring
Mr. Cobb to be the Speaker of the House, should
be passed. Some^debate took place upon the sub-
ject at that time; but I pill not trespass upon the
time of the gentleman from Ohio now by referring
to it. A resolution was, however, passed, to re-
move any scruples that might exist in the mind
of any member; but, if I remember aright, the
view of Mr. Schenck was generally concurred in.
Mr. BARKSDALE. But if the gentleman
refers to the action then had, as a precedent, he
must take it altogether.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. If the gentle-
man will wait a little, he will see what the prece-
dent amounts to altogether. I will now refer to
what Mr. Cobb, of Georgia, said on the election
of Mr. Banks under the plurality rule:
"Allusion has been made to what occurred here at the
tune that I was elected Speaker of this House ; and as I
duffer with some of my friends with reference to their con-
struction of what was done then, and what is necessary to
be done now; and as I may be called upon to vote upon
some resolution connected with this matter, I desiie to place
myself right belorc the House, and to give the leasons for
the vote which I shall give.
" In 1849, when it was determined to adopt the plurality
lule, it was assailed as violative of the Constitution. In
ordei to avoid any difficulty upon that subject, it was, by
general consent among those who were in favor of it, agreed
that a resolution should bcofFeied affirming the election,
and that was done. At that time, occupying the position
that I did, I was asked the question, whether, in my opin-
ion, it was necessary that this thing should be done? I
cave the same opinion then that I entertain now, and that
I have repeatedly given when asked the question during
tins canvass ; and 1 feel it due to candor now to state it.
I hold that it is necessaiy for a majority of this House
to elect a Speaker; but I hold, at the same time, that, a
majority of this House adopting the plurality rule, when a
plurality vote is eastfoi any member, he is elected byviitue
of the lesolution originally adopted by a majonty of the
House. [Applause. J
" When, sir, it was thought theie was a probability that
the gentleman for whom I voted would be elected, I gave
that opinion then. I also gave it to those on the other side
of the House who thought propei to ask my opinion upon
the subject. I entertain no doubt in reference to it. Thcie-
forc 1 cannot agree with either of my friends from Ken-
tucky, that it is incumbent upon those who voted for the
plurality rule to perfect the election of Mr. Banks by a
resolution. T think Mi. Banks has already been elected."
Mr. Smith, of Virginia, on that occasion used
the following language:
" I desire to say a very few words. That Mr. Banks is
prosily elected Speaker of this House, by the vote Jast
taken, there can be no doubt."
This referred to the vote under the plurality res-
olution.
Now, sir, I desire to read from tifee remarks of
Mr. Jones, of Tennessee, who, it will be remem-
bered, had long been a member of the House,
who was well acquainted with its rules, and who
was a great stickler for the observance of all the
requirements of the Constitution. Mr. Jones, on
ihaf occasion, said:
" i will make a remark, if there is no objection. [Cries of
' Go on !'] In 18491 voted against the adoption ot the plu-
rality rule for the election of a Speaker. I have uniformly
voted against it during the nine weeks this House has been'
in session. I have voted against it, because my conviction
was, from the fust up to thepiesent time, that under the op-
eration of that rule, what is now declared by many on this
floor as a calamity to the country, would be the inevitable
result. But, sir, the resolution was adopted against my
counsel and my vote. Ithasbeen duly executed in the face
and presence of us all. My chaiacter is not the same now
as when I voted on the plurality resolution ; it has been
changed fi,om an elector to a judge of the tact whether,
under the operation of the nile, Mr. Banks is or is not
elected Speaker. My conviction is that he is ; the majority
having detcinuned the mode of election, and he having re-
ceived the largest number of votes of any one candidate,
that number being u majority of a quorum. The pending
resolution is merely declaratory of the fact, that Nathaniel
P. Banks, 31., is elected, under the operation of the plu-
mmy mie, Speaker of this House. With this conviction,
and believing it within the competency of the House to
cleet in that mode. I vote m the affirmative."
Now, Mr. Clerk,! desire to read the resolution
offered by Mr. Clingman at that time, and to call
the attention of the House to its phraseology. It
was offered in these words:
Resolved, That by reason of the adoption of the propo-
sition known as the plurality resolution, and the votes taken
under it, the Hon. Nathaniel }'. Banks, jr , has been duly
chosen Speaker, and is hereby so declaied."
The resolution was subsequently modified by
adding, "and is hereby declared to be duly elect-
ed;" so that the resolution, as modified, read:
t( Resolved, That by reason of the adoption of the propfo-
