60
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 28,
36th Cong.... 1stSess.
Organization of the House—Mr. Morris.
Ho. oi? Reps.
forever." How I was rejoiced to hear him de-
clare that his State did not contain within its limits
one solitary disunion man—conservative, glori-
ous Tennessee. Such a declaration from so high a
jgputhera source and from one who has never been
corrupted by power or bad associations at this
Capitol^ where there is so much to lower one's
manhood and produce degrading; servility, pour-
ing its life-giving patriotism over the land, will
meet with a heartfelt response from every quar-
ter, and God bless its utterance.
I will, Mr. Clerk, say for myself, I have no
firebrands to throw into our national camp; no
desire to fan those thrown in by others; and that
I would rather stand here as the defender of our
national unity, than wear the stars and garters of
nobility. When this fitful dream of life shall be
over, and I shall be sleeping among the countless
myriads of the dead, I ask my childien to place
no prouder epitaph upon the humble stone that
may stand above my head than this: "He was
the friend of the Constitution and the Union."
Long ago, it was said we wore in the midst of
a revolution on the bank question; long ago, em-
battled hosts stood in hostile array in South Caro-
lina on the tariff question; longago,theadmission
of Missouri into the Union as a slave State caused
the whole land to swell with popular commotion;
but these excitements passed by. The storm of
1850 was succeeded by peace and sunshine. The
agitation of 1854, resulting from the repeal of the
Missouri compromise line, left no deep traces of
discontentment in the public feeling, and it now
only remains to preserve the settlement made of
the question of slavery, as connected with our
common Territories, to perpetuate peace among
the States. The excitement growing out of its
discussion,! think, is not to be regretted. Indeed,
I am glad of it, for it affords another test of the
virtue, intelligence, and patuotism of the people;
and experience has shown they are equal to any
emergency. I am glad that the peiiod has arrived
to mark so momentous an epoch m our history,
involving, as it does, the question of Government
power over individual liberty. That thestiu<2gle
will be an easy one, 1 have no expectation; that
it will be in any wise dangerous, 1 have no appre-
hension. The ughU of.the citizen are embraced
in it, and the record of man, as written in all a^i s
of the world, bears painful and melancholy evi-
dence of the fact, that it is only by per,steering
and ceaseless toil that anything is gamed to per-
sonal rights in organi/"d Governments. The eon-
slant tendency of power is from the many to the
few, as I fear we will yet realize m this Govern-
ment, to our unutterable sorrow. Those in author-
ity, like corporations, never surrender a vested
right, and are continually grasping for those not
vested.
Mr. Jefferson, aware of this and wishing to
leave his blessim; upon the woi icmun.Nljiji of Jus
hands, warned his countiymen that eternal vigi-
lance was the price of librnty. So it has proved,
and so it will ever prove; and none of our fellow-
citizens have had or will have more occasion to
re&Iize the truth of this, than those of them who
remove to our distant Territories. They are re-
garded as in an embryo condition, the common
football of the North and South, to be kicked back-
wards and forward as the whims,caprices, or in-
terest of the one or the other may prompt. One
goes for forcing the institution of slavery upon
thorn, tl^e other for excluding them from having
it if they want it, each claiming the right to reg-
ulate their local and domestic affairs for them.
True, no one has asked either to intermeddle.
Nobody, whether- fre?-soil, abolition, or pro-sla-
very, has ever sent a petition to Congress, from a
Territory, requesting that we should meddle with
his private matters; yetwc kindly volunteer to do
it, and endeavor to substitute our will and notions
for those of the people. IIow far we have aright
to do so, and ought to do it,l propose to inquire,
to the extent my limited time will allow. When
I am hoard through, I am sure no gentleman will
be unkind enough to question the sincerity of my
convictions, if he dissents from my premises or
deductions, or I fail to convince him of the justice
of my cause. I will try and state each side of the
question fairly and fully, and point out what I re-
gard as the true Democratic doctrine. In doing
this, I shall not pause to look into the past course
of the present Administration, except incidentally
Having long since ceased to respect it as the true
and proper exponent of Democratic doctrines, and
regarding the present Chief Magistrate as having
injured himself, by his blind exhibitions of pas-
sion and personal hatred, more than anybody else,
I turn him over to his Attorney General, who has
been engaged in the delightful employment of writ-
ing his book of incongruities. Let him go, sir;
let him go. Let him, his officc worshipers and
flatterers go. They can never be restored to pub-
lic respect or confidence—and let them go. We
could not save them if we would, and they would
not be worth saving if we could. The Democratio
party has something else to do just now besides
splintering up their broken bones, and setting their
spavined joints. Yes, sir; it has something else
to do than wasting its attention on on Adminis-
tration that is too low for its enemies to abuse, or
its friends to praise,unless itisherc and therearare
exception. It has to look after the great material
interests of the countvy, and rostoic it to peace
and quiet; it has again to settle the vexed ques-
tion of slavery.
The President, and the South, insist, or rather
the more ultra men of the South insist—for it is
only their views 1 shall combat, mid must be so
understood throughout when I refer to the South
as connected with or upholding tip ultra doctrines
I shall try and refute—
1. That the Territories are the common prop-
erty of the nation, and they have a common inter-
est m them.
2. That the Constitution of the United States
guaranties to them slavery; and that, enjoying a
common right of property in or to the Territories,
they have a right to carry their slaves into and
hold them as property therein, until the people
thereof shall organize u State government.
3. That the decision of the Supreme Court of
the United States, in the Dred Scott case, has
recognized and confirmed that rj<;ht.
4. That it is the duty of the Territoiial Legis-
latures to pass all needful laws for the protection
of slavery m the Territories, and in their absence
or lefusal to do so that Congress should pass such
laws.
j\'ow, Mr. Clerk, I propose to examine these
seveial propositions and see what th( re is in them.
1 admit that theTerntoiies aie the common piop-
criy of the nation. 1 do not admit,however, that
any one State has a separate, distinct mteiest in
them. Their domain is national. Acquired by
the common blood and common treasure of the
nation, one section has as much right as the other
in them—but what right has either5 No State
is authorized to enter upon a certain portion and
appropriate it to itself, or sell or dispose of it.
They were acquired by the nation in its confed-
erated capacity, and the Constitution has given
to Confess power to make all needful rules
and regulations" in regaid thereto. The man
from the South has no right to go into a Terri-
tory and say, as an individual without regard to
conventional rules, this spot is mine, and here 1
will plant slavery; and the man from the North
say, this is mine, and here there shall be uo sla-
very. The soil belongs to the General Govern-'
i ment. If you should undertake to parcel it out
i among the States would vou do so oa a numcn-
| cal basis, or on the ground that each State, with-
| out resrard to its population, was entitled to an
! equal portion ' In either case there would be dif-
'i Acuities, and the bare statement of eacti shows
r the uttfT folly of a common interest m connection
!' with any peculiar institution of the South or
i1 North. We hnvc a common interest, as common
members of a common Confederacy; but we hold
it m unity, and not separately. The power or
jurisdiction must be exercised as an integral, and
not in }">arts.
The theory was once held by some eminent
statesman that the proceeds of the sales of the
public lands should be divided among the several
States. This doctrine was regarded by the Demo-
cratic party as wrong and mischievous, and put
down. €reneral Jackson and his party friends
insisted,and 1 think properly, that the pufclic lands
of the United States arc not revenue subject to
distribution, and that they were not ceded to the
Geneial Government as a trustee for the States
severally, but for the use and benefit of the United
States,asGovernment property—she holding them
as an independent sovereignty in her own right and
not in trust for the States, and, consequently, not
answerable to the States for the manner in which
she disposes of them. If this is not true, there is
a diversity; if true, as it most unquestionably is,
there is a community of interest; and when we
hear one talking about any particular section hav-
ing a common interest in territorial soil, the lan-
guage simply means that, as citizens of a common
country, wo have a common right to the proceeds
arising from the sales thereof as wc have to any
other money paid into the national Treasury for
governmental purposes; nothing more. It is idle
for gentlemen to insist otherwise. They may talk
about rustling banners, blood-stained fields, and
the achievements of southern or northern valor,
but all that is poetry. The reality is, that when
the States talk about their right to the soil of the
Territories, they are very much in the condition
of a notable individual mentioned in Holy Writ,
who promised, on certain conditions, to give all
the possessions of the earth to the Saviour, when
the truth was he did not own a single foot of land.
So much, sir, for our common right to the soil of
our common territory. I will not elaborate the
point; it is not necessary.
On the second proposition, that in consequence
of the common right of property and interest in
the Territories, emigrants from slave States have a
right to carry their slaves into them, and hold them
tlnieas property, under the Constitution, until
the people thereof shall form a State government,
I have more to say. Until the present Adminis-
tration came into power, and Mr. Buchanan made
a bid to the South for their votes at Charleston for
renomination, such alarming and dangerous po-
litical heresy was not seriously thought of. He
is the real author of it. Even in 1850, the South
only insisted that slave property should not be
excluded from the Territories by congressional
enactment, and asked for nothing more—for noth-
ing more in the national Democratic convention
of 1850. The doctrine therefore enunciated and
so persevermgly pressed by the President, had its
growth in rank treason to the Democratic partv,
and every pledge it had given to the public touch-
ing the rights of the people in the Territories.
Tendeiedby lam to southern statesmen, the more
ultra of them could not hesitate to accept it, and
it is no matter of surprise that, under the circum-
j stances, they should insist on it. It was the boon
of a poor old man, who, in the hour of his do-
cayingfaculties, constituted himself the interpreter
of Democratic principles, and foolishly imagined
he held them as political merchandise, to be dis-
posed of to the best advantage to himself.
The great doctrine ofnon-intcrvont ion,which had
been in grafted upon the policy oft he Republic fiom
its earlier and better days, by a scries of uninter-
rupted lecoenitions by Congress, from the adop-
tion of the Constitution down to 18-20, and after-
wards until 1858, except in the case of Oregon,'when
it was temporarily overthrown, was assailed, and
it was not to be wondered at that the public took
alarm. Under this doctrine Vermont came into
the Union in 1791, Kentucky m 1792, Tennessee
in 1790, Ohio in 1602, Louisiana in 1811, Indiana
in 181G, Mississippi in 1817, Illinois m 1818, Ala-
bama m 1819, Maine m 1821, Arkansas in 1836,
Michigan in 1837, Florida and Texas m 1845, Wis-
consin in 18 IS, California in 1850, and Minnesota
I and Oregon m 1859. Oncc only during this long
I period,Tip to the time that Mr. Wilmot, of Petin-
i sylvania, offered his celebrated proviso which took
I his name, and that was in 1820, upon the appli-
: cation of Missouri, to come into the Union, was
! any different doctrine taught. The people, in
| their territorial and State condition, were allowed
| to have slavery or not as they chose. Even in
j Missouri, while it was in a territorial condition,
slavery had existed uninterruptedly, and it was
, only when the people thereof applied for admits -
| sion into the Union as a State, that their right to
| come m with slavery was questioned, and then
• settled favorably to that right, as it ought to have
been.
After the conclusion of peace with Mexico, and
we found ourselves the owners of the Territories
of California, New Mexico and Utah, and had an
extended line of sea-coast on the Pacific and vast
regions in Oregon, it bccame a serious and grave
