1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
61
36tii Coxa.... 1st Sess.
Organization of the House—Mr. Morris.
Iio. of Reps.
question whether this almost boundless domain
should be devoted to free or slave labor. The
North said, free labor; the South said, "Let it
alone, and keep the operation of the Wiimot pro-
viso off of it, arft] we will be satisfied." "It is
common property, and do$aot legislate us out of
it. Non-action is all we ask." This, said Mr.
Clay, in his great speech of 1850, is^jost for all
parties. So said General Cass, Judge Douglas,
and all the great men who supported the compro-
mise measures of that year, and all parties acqui-
esced. In 1854, by the passage of the Kansas-
Nebraska bill, practical effect was given to the
same great doctrine, and the people of Kansas and
Nebraska, as well as those of Utah and New Mex-
ico by previous laws, were allowed to settle the
question of slavery for themselves. In 1856, the
Democratic party, in national convention assem-
bled, at Cincinnati, reaffirmed and indorsed the
same sound principle, and everywhere the people
approved it. Mr. Buchanan, in his letter of ac-
ceptance, said the "legislation was as ancient as
free government itself, and that the people of a
Territory, like those of a State, should have the
right to determine whether they would or would
not have slavery;" and neither he nor any of his
friends have ever alluded to or attempted to ex-
plain this language that I have noticed since he
has proved treacherous to it, and calmly fiddles
while Rome is burning! The Democracy of every
free State, with the exception of California, which
I regard as ultra-Administration in sentiment on
the Lecompton question, were siuftked and horri-
fied to see the bleeding and mangled form of then-
platform thrown out before them to worship, and
the effect it produced I will state before 1 con-
clude.
I wish just here, Mr. Clerk, to present, in con-
nection with the brief history of the question I
have given,_ its constitutional bearings. It is
claimed by the President, and ultra southern gen-
tlemen, that the Constitution gives them the right
to hold slaves in the Territories while they remain
in a territorial condition. Where do they find that
right? If it exists in the Federal charter, the right
of the people to exclude it is completely barred,
for they have no power to annul or abrogate a
constitutional provision—it being a part of the
supreme organic law. To establish such a right
would be to make the Constitution fix the tenure
of property in the local governments, and make
slavery a national and not a local institution.
Was the General Governmcntformed for any such
purpose ? Is this almost absolute power claimed
for it? Did its framers intend that its powers
should reach out into the domestic affairs of the
people, and define their boundaries, regulate their
workings, and determine their chaiactcr? if so;
then, indeed, it would have been well for the Uni-
ted States Government to have been made at once
supreme. To talk about the Constitution fixing
or establishing slavery m State or Territory is
idle and chimerical. The word slave"' is not to
be found in that instrument. It was purposely
left out by it's framcrs because they thought it was
of too harsh a character to be used. But three
times are slaves incidentally alluded to; once in
reference to their rendition as fugitives from la-
bor, once in connection with the power of direct
taxation, if it should be resorted to, and once as
a basis of representation in Congress. In neither
case has the Constitution the remotest reference
to the establishment of slavery, but only refer,s to
it as an existing institution in the States. If it did
estabhsh it, the States could not abolish it, for the
reason that the Constitution of the United States
is supreme in all matters wheivin it embraces them.
No .State constitution, and no act of rhc people
coming in conflict with it, would be valid. Admit
the truth of the proposition that the Constitution
recognizes or guaranties slavery wherever the
owner may feel disposed to carry his slave, and
the institution exists all over the 'Union.
This odious end abominable doctrine was held
by the President's official organ,in this city,in a
bold and defiant tone, and is now also virtually
avowed by him. To establish it, arrogance will
be substituted for reason, bold assumption for :
facts, and threats for arguments, in the vain hope ■
to intimidate and alarm. But I do not anticipate ;
that many will he driven from their duty. i
There is a wide, a vast difference between the
Constitution cstablis.hir% the institutionofsldvery,
and providing for the rendition of a fugitive from
labor. The one would be an act of sovereignty—
the other is only a remedy. The language of the
Constitution is:
" No porson bound to <?pivieoor labor in one State, under
the laws thereof, escaping into another, shall, in conse-
quence of any law oi regulation tncrem. be discharged fiom
>uch service or labor, but ?h:t!l be delivered up on claim of
the paity to whom such service or laboi may be due."
Hence the fugitive slave law, which provides
for the rendition of escaped slaves, nothingmorc.
It was never intended or designed that ours should
be a slavery propagandizing Government; but it
was agreed by the great and good men who framed
it, that each State, each separate local government,
should determine for itself whether slavery should
or should not exist within its limits, and if one
saw proper to have it, and another not, to save
conflict, it was provided that if a slave escaped
from a State where the institution existed to an-
other where it did not, he should be delivered up
on claim of the person to whom he owed service
or labor. This is all right, and just as it should
be. For the great doctrine that a community of
| States, like a community of individuals or tam-
j ilies, should each regulate their domestic affairs
! in their own way, and in accordance with their
j own notions, however different those notions may
| be from each other, without the intermeddling of
i| their neighbors, is sound and just, and, if re-
i f spocted andobserved, would lead to no " irrepress-
; i iblc conflict" between these States, but pass them
11 down the countless ages of the future bound to-
il gother in unity and love.
li If the Constitution of the United States estab-
;! lishcs slavery, then does it exist m all the Stales
in despite of the people, and is national; and the
rendition of au escaped fugitive would bo by the
Government to itself. That would simply be an
absurdity. The service or labor, then, must be
owed in one State, in accordance with the laws
thereof—not in the General Government—before
oven a demand can be made by a citizen of another
for the rendition of a slave, and hence it is idle to
talk about the Constitution of the United States
guarantying slavery to the States. It merely pro-
i vidcs a remedy for the rendition of slaves if they
j escape from a Sta'e where slavery exists to one
I whore there is no slavery, and does not create or
j make them property; so that if that one is cvily
| disposed towaids or "desires to injme a sistei Stale,
s-he cannot take advantage of her institutions, but
will bo compelled to respect them. The constitu-
tional guarantee is that one State shall not take
advantage of the institutions of another.
If then, Mr. Clerk, the Constitution does not
establish or guaranty slavery to the States, and
negroes are held to service therein only by the
laws thereof, how is it possible for gentlemen to
claim, with any justice or fairness, that the Con-
stitution of the United States guaranties to them
the right to go with and hold slaves m the Terri-
tories until the people organize a State govern-
ment3 It docs seem to me the greatest piece of
presumption (I know of no milder term that is
appropriate) 1 ever hoard of.
Pray tell me, Mr. Uiiraist, where you find the
authority for carrying slaves into the Territories,
and holding them there as property, in despite of
local law. bo not tell me it r< suUs liom the nature
of our institutions. Thalia a general declaration,
which anybody can make, and which no onowiil
heed. It is a cheap commodity, frequently sub-
stituted for reason, and ne\er answering a very
good purpose. The authority is what we want.
You do not find it, a< 1 have shown, m your com-
mon right to the soil. Do you find it m a ns'ht
to the men who hvo upon that soil ? Unless you
hold them m subjection to j*our will, it does not
exist there. Who ga\e you the right, who gave
the northern Abolitionists the light, to thmk'and
act for them 5 llach of you, in your zeal to )ay
claim to what you asset t i.j your common right of
soil, seem to forget the extent of that right, and
overlook the fact that the <nan who lives on n does
not belong to you; that the u«Iit of soil is not, if
you possessed it, neeessanly the light of State or
government, for that is a light bestowed bv Om-
nipotence upon the people. Sir William ."(ones,
the accomplished jurist and Christian judge, well
asked: * •
" What constitutes a State ?
Not high-raised battlement or labored mound,
Thick wall or moated gate;
Not cities proud with spires and turrets crowned ;
Not bays and broad-armed ports,
Where, laughing at the storm, rich navies ride;
Not starred and spangled courts,
Where low-browed baseness wafts peifume to pride;
No; men, high-minded men,
With powers as far above dull biutes endued,
In forest, brake, or den,
As beasts excel cold rocks and brambles rude j
Men who their duties know,
But know then rights, and knowing, dare maintain,
Prevent the long-aimed blow,
And crush the tviant while they rend the chain:
These constitute a State.-'5
Do you derive the right to carry slaves into the
Territories from that clause of the Constitution
which gives to Congress the power 11 to dispose
of and make all needful rules and regulations
respecting the territory or other property of the
United States?" The right to make such rules
and regulations simply refers to the ownership and
disposal of the soil. Surveys may be directed,
prices fixed, land offices opened "by Congress,
the lands protected from injury by trespassers,
disposed of, &c.; but that is, in substance, the
extent of our authority under the clause referred
to. No right of government over the people is
derived from it; but such right is repugnant both
to the context and the subject-matter. There is
a wide and irreconcilable difference between the
Government owning the soil,'and having the right
to make "all needful rules " m regard thereto,
and owning the men who live on it, and having
the right of molding their institutions for them.
After all, the question of slavery is not the ma-
terial one involved: it is, whether the white man,
the American citizen, shall have his rights? wheth-
er you own linn, or he owns himself? Is it our
policy to take his rights from him, or restrain him
in their exercise, when he goes into the Territo-
ries? Remember that
'•'All conniamt,
Except what wisdom lav« on evil men,
Is evil; hurts the faculties, impedes
Tiicir pi ogress in the load of science; blinds
The eye-sight of di^coveiy; and begets
Fn those that suffer it, a sordid mind,
Uestial, a meagei intellect, unfit
To be the tenant of man's noble form. ''
Itis,'however,insisted that the power to acquire
necessarily carries with it the power to govern.
That may be true of monarchies, but our Gov-
ernment was not cast in that mold. Its whole
superstructure was reared upon the will of the peo-
ple. They made it, and can unmake it at pleas-
ure. Per certain general purposes, they surren-
dered a portion of their rights; but so watchful
were they of those not surrendered, that, although
it was not really necessary, they caused a clause
to be inserted in the amendments to the Consti-
tution, that all rights not surrendered to the Gen-
eral Government were " reserved to the States and
people respectively." The American citizen, no
matter where ho may be on American soil, never
gave up the right to Congress to think and act for
him m matters of internal police or local concern.
When settled upon our distant territorial posses-
sions, he does not regard himself, nor do the ge-
mus and spirit of our institutions regard Mm, as
a conquered subject; but os one clothed in liberty's
shining garb, and invested with all the dignity
and attributes of independence. As lie walks out
undei the bioad canopy of Heaven, and his soul
swells with the high inspirations of liberty, he
tarns his eye m the direction of this Capitol, from
his far-off western home, and smiles at our folly
when wo attempt to manacle his will or his limbs.
He understands, Mr. Clerk, as well as you do,
the lesson taught by the achievement of the Rev-
olution. From his cradle, sir, his mother in-
structed him,and he feels it in every beating pulse,
that there is no just government but that which
is founded upon the consent of the governed. lie
knows that, in the abstract, he is its only true and
legitimate foundation, and he feels the blood of
freedom leaping through every vein.
The old theory so long maintained by Great
Britain, and which she attempted to force upon
her Amfcric.au colonies, but which tliey success-
fully resisted, was overthrown when Cornwallis
