1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2447
arc necessary to the country. Let the central road
be built; but let it not be built to the exclusion of
the great interests of the greatest portion of this
Confederacy. It cannot be denied that the ex-
treme North is as much ignored and excluded by
the bill now proposed by the majority of the com-
mittee as is the South. The interests there are
not so great, to be sure, yet, as they are in the
South; because the country is in its infancy,and
it does not need the same aid that the South does.
We have one entire section of the Union. We
have great commercial interests, great postal in-
terests, great military interests, at stake in the
South, as well as they have in the center and at
the North. And can it be supposed that we are
willing to see all the money of the Government
appropriated and diverted into one particular chan-
nel to build up the North? For, sir, whatever
may be said of the central route, it cannot be dis-
guised—no man in .his senses can disguise it from
himself—that, in contradistinction to the interests
of the South, it is a northern route that is now
proposed.
That is not all. I fear there are men here who
are so sectionaf in their feelings, so bitter in their
animosities, so determined in their hostility, to
all and every interest of the South, that, whatever
might be their opinion of the necessities of com-
merce, or of the military defense, or of just equal-
ity in the Government, they woukl oppose any
southern route, for no other or better reason' than
that it is a southern route. I believe there are
such men here; but it affords me sincere pleasure
to say, that while I believe that, I also believe that
there are others who are actuated by higher, purer,
and nobler feelings; men who are willing to see
the entire country prosper; who arc willing to ce-
ment this Union by all the constitutional powers
conferred on each and every department of the
Government, and who are quite as willing to vote
the public money to promote the interests of the
South as of the North. Such men, from my very
heart, I honor, and I hail them as brothers where
ever I meet them. J3ut I tell those who are not
so disposed, that the time has come when the
South will demand her rights, whatever they may
think to the contrary. Any man who questions
that, fails to read aright the signs of the times.
I have been struggling earnestly, faithfully, and
honestly—not efficiently, I know—to perpetuate
this Government; but, if superadded to all that
has transpiied here, to all "that is transpiring in
and out of Congress, we are denied our just
equality, and every good that this department of
th6 Government can confer must alone bo con-
ferred on th3 North, I tell you that the temper
of the South is not to remain longer inactive; and
if you desire a disruption of the Union, if you
desire to widen the breach between the North and
the South, you cannot accomplish it better, more
expeditiously, or more certainly, than by voting
$60,000,000 to build up your northern railroad,
whilst at the same time you exclude the south-
ern road, when every argument that can addicss
itself to capital or to patriotism is in favor of the
southern route. The people of the South will
not regard it as an evidence of your fealty to the
common interests of a common country.
Mr. STANTON. I will say to the gentleman
from Texas that 1 had pretty distinctly made up
my mind to vote for his amendment. I thought
it but right and fair. But the temper m which he
discusses the question rather disinclines me to do
so.
Mr. HAMILTON. Itdocs not make the slight-
est difference what effect it has upon the gentle-
man's mind—not the slightest. I am not here
for the purpose of warping his judgment; I am
not here for the purpose of denunciation; and,
least of all, am I here to beg for what 1 know is
just for my section of the country. I ask but
what is right; and if the gentleman is not willing
to accord that, let him determine* to do what is
wrong. That is all I have to say.
The time has passed by for the South cither to
cringe or to beg. She lias been a suppliant long
enough; and I, for one, as the Representative of
a small portion of herpeople, would perish where
I stand rather than bow the suppliant knee to the
gentleman, or to those who may be combined or
arrayed against her interests. We demand but
what is right; and, in the end, wc intend to have
it. We will have it. If we cannot have it in one
way, we will have it, as we once before had it, in
despite of every tyrant that can invade our rights.
Perhaps I shall be reminded, as we were on a
former occasion during the present session, that
if we g%t refractory and impatient we will be
coerced; that we will be made a subject race; that
eighteen million of so-called freemen will come
down upon us, and subdue our eight million. In
reply to that, I have only to say that it will not
be the first time when tyrants have invaded Texas
with the purpose of subjecting her people to their
will, nor will it be the last time when they will
have been met as freemen always meet tyrants.
We will receive our visitants with that same na-
tional air:
" Will you come to the bower I've shaded for you?
Your bed shall be roses, bespangled with dew."
The hardy sons of our country will give them
a cheerful welcome. Perhaps we will spread a
collation; but that feast may be unlike other feasts
which have been spread in other portions-of the
land. Tfte broad prairies may be the festive
board; the mangled bodies of fallen tyrants may
form the repast; and the wolf and the vulture be
the invited guests. [Laughter from the Repub-
lican benches.]
Sir, I have, perhaps, been betrayed into some
ebullition of feeling, and it seems to have roused
the gentleman from Ohio, and determined him to
do wrong against his convictions of right. I am
extremely sorry that anything from so weak a
vessel as I happen to be could warp the clear
head and honest heart of that gentleman; because
X accord to him both. But, sir, I am presenting
considerations that will engage the attention of
thp people thatl have the honor to represent, and
which ought to engage the attention of that gen-
tleman, and of e\ery other gentleman in this
House. They are considerations entitled to re-
spect. They are full of weighty matters that he
ought calmly to consider if he loves this Gov-
ernment and desires its perpetuity.
If we are not to present any of the considera-
tions which attach m favor of the southern route,
how are we to dispose of this question? I say,
for one, that every gentleman here must consider
notonly the effect upon the country commercially,
and in a military point of view, but lie must con-
sider it m reference to the effect that the expendi-
ture of money proposed to be given by the Gov-
ernment—or rather, not given, but advanced by
the Government—will have upon the public mind.
Now, what etl'ect will it have? I ask you, any
of you—I ask you all—what effect it will have
upon the public mind, when you come home and
say that here was presented one route shorter in
respect to distance, better calculated to meet the
wants of commerce, better calculated to sustain a
teeming population along its line, bettercalculated
in every way to meet the wants of a great channel
of communication between the Atlanticand Pacific
oceans, yet the whole North in a body, every
man who is not directly connected with southern
interests, ignoies it—and for what purpose? There
can be but one answer, and there will be but one.
It will be because it was a southern route. I
challenge you all to say, if you had this route
going side by side with the one you have adopted,
whether you would not prefer it? There is not
a man of you who would dare, under such cir-
cumstances, to ignore it. If it were in your lati-
tude, or where it would benefit the interests of
your country, and subserve your political pur-
poses, every man of you would vote font; every
man of you would advocate it in preference to the
measure you now oppose to it. Why, then, do
you oppose it? Because it is for the benefit of
the South; and for no other reason. Very good;
hut you need not calculate without your host.
The bill has not passed as yet, and, in my humble
judgment, it never will pass this body, unless you
propose to do justice.
You propose to donate $60,000,000 in order to
build a railroad on the forty-first parallel of lati-
tude. I propose that we will build one on the
thirty-second parallel for £23,000,000, which is
all that gentlemen who are, or desire to be, en-
gaged in the enterprise ask. Yet you say it is
not so good a proposition as yours. Why? It
is because it does not put $60,000,000, to be taken
out of the public Treasury, into circulation among ,
the people you represent. That, 1 imagine, is the |
most potent argument you could offer. |
But, sir, it is not necessary for me to elaborate j
this argument. Every man who intends to vote i
against my amendment will do so notwithstand-
ing any argument that I or anybody else can ad-
vance; no matter what considerations I might
bring to bear, it would be as the idle wind to them.
I ltnow that perfectly well, and I am speaking
now just because I have the right to speak.
But, sir, I say to our friends on this side of tho
House, there are those who do not believe we
have the constitutional power to engage the Gov-
ernment, in any shape, in the construction of a
Pacific railroad. I said, in the outset of my re-
marks, that 1 have not time to discuss that ques-
tion. I believe it can be done.
But I submit to those who believe it cannot, and
yet who believe in the maintenance of southern
interests, that if it is manifestly the will of the
majority that Congress shall assist in the con-
struction of such a work, they ought to vote for
my amendment ; so that, ifthe bill passes, the South
will have her interests protected and advanced.*
I trust that those who differ with me in regard
to the constitutional question will still concur
with me in the amendment I have offered. I
would go even further; I would vote for the sub-
stitute which tho gentleman who so well repre-
sents the TerritoryofWashington has presented.
I would vote for these roads. I care not if it cost
$200,000,000. I believe the money would be-well
expended—an expenditure which no one would
regret. How long would it last? It has been rep-
resented in the other branch of Congress, by one
of the ablest members of that body, that the Pa-
cific coast is naturally separated from the re-
maming portion of the United States; that there
is a natural boundary there, which will become
a practical boundaryin a few years, unless ths
aid of this Government is rendered to procure
such a means of communication as shall bind
it to these eastern States. There is no natural
connection now. A vast plain is to be traveled
between the two sections in order that the people
of each may communicate socially and commer-
cially. Indeed, sir,there is no overland commerce
between the two sections, so to speak. The great
moneyed interests—and, after all, they are the
moving interests of men, not only individually
but in their capacity as communities—will final-
ly determine their action; and I will say that,
in my judgment, within the next ten years, tho
Pacific States will begin to calculate the chances
of an increase of their means of communication
commercially with the balance of the world by
a severance from the United States. They will
then be strong enough to sustain and support
themselves. Every motive, then, that can op-
erate upon any one who is desirous of sustaining
the Government as it is, it seems to me, will in-
duce us, as far as we can in reference to our con-
stitutional opinions, to go for the construction of
a railroad or railroads to the Pacific.
But it is said that one road is enough. I do not
believe one road from the Pacific to the Atlantic
enough to sustain the commerce of the world in
transporting goods and passengers from one ocean
to the other. If the proposition had been made
twenty-five years ago, to construct two roads from
the Mississippi to the eastern Atlantic coast, for
the purposes of internal commerce only, it no
doubt would have been said the proposition was
preposterous; that one road would more than suf-
fice. And how is it to-day? The internal com-
merecof thecountry, traversing only one third the
distance across our magnificent domain, supplies
two, three, yes, sir, and double that number of
roads; a$d every day there is a new call and in-
creased necessity for increased facilities to accom-
modate the internal commerce of the country.
What will it be, then, when we have once opened
a channel of communication to the shores of the
Pacific, for the commerce of the entire eastern
world—Asia, Japan, China, Oceanica, the Sand-
wich Islands, and all the teeming possessions of
the Pacific? Will one road be enough? Will two
be too many' Will three suffice to furnish the
means of transit for all this commerce? I do not
believe it. And more than that, our country
itself is so vast—stretching fiorn the Gulf of Mex-
ico to the British possessions—is so immense, that
you will never be able to satisfy the people of this
great country by any one route. Build a road
from one section, and the people of the other will
demand that they may have the meansof commu-
nicating more expeditiously, more conveniently,
and more certainly, than can be given to them by
