.48 4
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
it is incurable, and that the only remedy is a
pcaceable dissolution of the Union, and in their
opinion, there'is not even in the Democratic party
?ro~slavery salt enough to save the. Government.
believe, sir, that is the reason why this House
cannot be organized.
Mr. Clerk, what is involved in this question?
We have something like §6,000,000 locked up
in the national Treasury honestly due to the
needy creditors of this Government for services
faithfully performed under the plighted faith of
the nation; and it cannot be paid out because no
bill has passed appropriating it to its Jegitimate
purposes and uses. The Government is para-
lyzed. The commercial interests and industry of
the country are being affected by our non-action
here; not only is this city alone interested, but
through the length and breadth of this land, from
the Atlantic to the Pacific, business is paralyzed
by our non-organization. The people demand a
thorough effort upon the part of their Represent-
atives to effect an organization, that the public
creditors may receive their dues.
It is said that if the plurality rule is proposed,
questions of order will be raised, and that a mi-
nority can keep this House disorganized for all
time to come. Without any experience in legis-
lative matters of this sort, I think the majority
have the power to organize this House in three
or four days if they have the will. That is all
that is wanting. Gentlemen say the yeas and nays
can be called, that dilatory motions, and motions
to adjourn can be interposed, and all our time be
thereby consumed, so as to defeat a vote upon the
plurality rule. Now, I want to know if a major-
ity of this House have not as much physical en-
durance as the minority? I tell you, 3Vlr. Clerk,
it wants a little more of that "by the Eternal
spirit " which characterized and distinguished the
old hero of the Hermitage, and this Hous'e would
be organized. We have only to say that we will
do it. It has been said, let them have a chance
and time to discuss, and they will by-and-by yield
the plurality rule. Have we not given them rope
for six weeks here r We have, and I think the
minority have succeeded pretty well in hanging
themselves. All that remains for us now to do,
as good Christian people, is to cut them down, and
give them n decent political burial. Sanitary con-
siderations require this to prevent the deleterious
and disa^rceble effects arising from the odors of
putrefaction. [Laughter.]
Now, for my part, Mr. Clerk, I am willing to
sit here till Saturday night, if it be necessary, to
effect an organization of the House by the will
of the majority, and, if any member who is in
good health cannot do that, I i-espectfully bog
leave to suggest that he had better go home to his
constituents, and let them send somebody else
who will.
1 have no fear for the dissolution of the Union.
The body-politic is not very much diseased on
that subject. It may be so in certain localities;
but the great majority of the people, even of the
slavehokling States, when that question assumes
a practical form for action, will speak out, and
speak out determinedly and with effect. I know*
we have a set of political doctors all over the free
States, who are applying Union-saving piasters
to the uorthern part of tho body-politic. I do not
profess to have a great deal of knowledge in the
healing art, but I beg leave respectfully to suggest
that the best way is to apply the plaster whore
the sore is. [Laughter.] It may be true that a
plaster on the head may relieve inflammation in
the heel, and vicc versa; tmt I think not. It is time
we were organized. I think the creditors of the
Government have a right to demand of the House
that it be organized. I do not myself expect to ;
get through this Congress " on llowery beds of i
ease." If anybody had an expectation of that J
sort, I think it must have been pretty well dis- i
pelled by the exhibitions we have had here. Gen- I
tlemen say they arc opposed to night sessions;
that they moy lead to rows. If rows are forced
upon us, we will dispose of them as we do other
business, in the order in which they are presented.
"We are' lieie peaceably and quietly to mainhtiu
our rights and the constitutional rights of our
oonsthuonts, even at the sacrificc of our lives if
need be.
I now move that the House proceed to choose
a Speaker viva voce, and that the person receiving
the largest number of votes is hereby declared
Speaker." And on that, motion I call the previous
question.
Mr. WINSLOW and Mr. PRYOR objected.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I make the
point that the motion is in order, and that it is
the only motion m order before the House.
Mr. REAGAN. I move a call of the House.
Mr. WINSLOW. On that I ask for the yeas
arid nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 106, nays 109; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Green Adams, Allen, Thomas L. An-
derson, WilliamC. Anderson, Ashmore, Aveiy, Baiksdale,
iiarr, JJarrctt, Bocock, Bonham, Boteler, Boullgny, ISoyec,
Brabson, Branch, Biistow, Burch, Burnett, Horace F.
Clark, John B. Clark, Clopton, Cobb, Cooper, Cox, James
Craig, Burton Craige, Crawford, Curry, Davidson, II. Win-
ter Davis, John G. Davis, Dfi Jarnette, Edmund&on, English,
Etheridge, Fouke, Gamett, (Jartrell, Gilmer, Hamilton,
Hardeman, J. Morrison Harris, John T. Harris, Hatton,
Hawkins, Hill, Hmdman, Hoiman, Houston, Howard,
Hughes, Jones, Koitt, Lamar, Laruhum, Larrabee, James
M. Leach, Leake, Logan, Love, Maclay, Malloiy, Charles
D.Martin, Elbert S. Martin, Maynaid, McClernand, Mc-
Queen, McUae, Miles, Millson, Moutgoiuci}, Laban T.
Moore, Sydenham Moore, Isaac N. Mom*, Nelson, \ib-
lack, Noel],Pendleton, Phelps, Pryor, Pugh,Q.uarlCi>, Rea-
gan, James C. Robinson, ituffin, Kust, Scott, Sickle^,
JSimms, Singleton, William Smith, William N. II. Smith,
Stevenson, James A. Stewart, Stokes, Stout, Thomas,
Underwood, Vallandigham, Vance, Webster, WJuteley,
Wmslow, Woodson, and Wright—1.06.
NAYS—Mct-.srts. Charles F. Adams, Achain, Aldrieli,
Alley, Ashley, Babbitt, Beale, Bingham, Rlan, Blake, Bray-
ton, Buffinton, Buihngame, Burioughs Butterfield, Carey,
Carter, Case, Colfax, Conkling, Coivvm, Covode, Curtis,
Dawos Delano, Dunn, Edgcrton, Edwaids, Eliot, Ely,
Parnsworth, Fenton, Feny, Fo^tet, Fiaisk, French. Gooch,
Graham,Grow, (iiuioy, Halo, ria*khi, Ilelnnck. Hickman,
Hoard, llumphn.-y. Hutching fivm^, Junkm, Finneis W.
Kellogg, William Kellogg, Kcnyon, Kilgoie, Killtngei, De-
WiftC. Leach,Lee,Longneckei, Loonns, Lowjoy, Mars-
ton, MeKcan, Me Knight, Mel1 hereon, Millwai d,Moorheud,
Morrill, Edward Joy Morru, Mors", Nivon, Dim, Palmer,
Pennington, lYiry, Pcttit, Potter, Potter, Pottle, Rice,
Itiggs, Christopher Robinson, Kovce, Schwartz, Scranton,
Sedgwick, Sherman, Somes, SpaukUng, Spmticr, Stanton,
Stratton, Tappan, Thayei, Theaker, Tompkins, Tiahi,
Trimble, Vandevei, Verree. Wade, Waldion, Walton, Cad-
waladei C. WaMiburn, Ellihu IJ- Wa>libumc, Israel Wash-
burn, Wellh, Wilhon, Windom, Wood, and Woodruff--109.
So the House refused a call.
The CLERK. The question recurs on order-
ing the main question.
Mr. WINSLOW. Oh, no; the question is on
the point of order. The resolution is objected to,
and the previous question called. Now, there is
ijothing for the previous question to attach to.
ilie n solution cannot come before the House. I
understood the gentleman from Maine to raise the
point of order.
Mr, WASHBURN, of Maine. This is the
way I understand it. The gentleman from Ohio
submitted a motion, and called the previous ques-
tion on it. Some gentleman on the other side ob-
jected. Now, I desire that the Clerk shall put
the question, whether the previous question shall
be sustained.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand that the reso-
lution lias not been read by the Clerk. Has it
been ?
The CLERK. There has been no resolution
sent to the Clerk's desk.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then there is nothing: be*
fore the House. The question, whether it be a
resolution or a motion, is not in order; and it is
not in a condition to admit the previous question,
until it has been received by the Clerk and pro-
pounded to the House.
The CLERK. The Clerk begs leave to state
that the gentleman from Ohio made his motion
and called the previous question on it. Several
gentlemen -on the risrht of the chair objected. The
grntb man fiom Texas then moved that there be
a call of tilt* House.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. The question
now is, whether the previous question shall be
put to the House ?
Mr. WINSLOW. No, sir; there is nothing
for the previous question to attach to. The res-
olution offered was objected to, and therefore it
never came before the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. The first question that grows
up on that statement of thr> case, is this: Admit-
ting that the previous question has been properly
demanded, still there is an objection to that mo-
tion or resolution, or to the House making- the
order.
The objection is made because the member ob-
jecting said it was out of order to receive the
motion at that time. Then it is the duty of the
Clerk, to do what ? First, to settle the question of
order; because if the House should determine that
the resolution or motion is not in order, as a mat-
ter of course there is nothing for the previous
question to attach to. But if the previous ques-
tion should be first propounded, if the previous
question should be seconded and the mam ques-
tion should be ordered, and then the House should
determine that the objections of members upon
this side of the House were*mado in time, and
were valid, that would take from before the House
the whole matter upon which the gentleman had
called the previous question, and upon which the
House had ordered the main question. The first
question for the Clerk to submit to the House is
the question of order, and that question is debat-
able, like every other question.
The CLERK. The question is: Will the House
entertain the motion of the gentleman from Ohio ?
Mr. REAGAN. The question is then on the
point of order, which, I suppose, is like every
other question, debatable.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. The Clerk
says the question is upon the reception-of themo-
tion of the gentleman from Ohio. I should like
to know how that can be, when there are other
questions of order pending ? I ask the Clerk if
there are not other questions of order pending;
and if so, how that motion can be entertained?
The CLERK. The Clerk will state to the gen-
tleman from North Carolina that the question is
whether the motion of the gentleman from Ohio
shall take precedence of all other questions? And
that question the Clerk submits to the House.
Mr. liOCOCK. I make this suggestion to the
Clerk: that the language in which he propounds
the question to the House is not the accurate lan-
guage m which to convey the point involved.
The question is not whether the House will enter-
tain the proposition of the gentleman from Ohio,
because that would make it a matter of discretion
with the House, whether they would entertain
the proposition; and if gentlemen desired to en-
tertain the proposition they would vote "ay;5'
while, if they did not wish to entertain it, they
would vote" no." The question before the House
! is: Is the proposition of the gentleman from Ohio
! in order in the present state of business>
I The CLERK. The Clerk, then, will beg leave
| to vary the language in which he has stated the
i question. The Clerk supposed that the form in
which he had propounded the question to the
House was the usual form. If it will be more
acceptable to the gentleman, however, he will now
propound it in this form: Is the motion of the gen-
tleman from Ohio in order?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Very well; give
it to us in any shape, only let us have a vote
upon it.
Mr. REAGAN. I believe there are already two
resolutions ponding before the House, upon which
the previous question has been calltd—the resolu-
tion of th^ gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Clark,]
and the substitute for that resolution offered by
the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Gil-
mer.] The motion is now made that the House
proceed to the election of a Speaker, and that a
plurality shall elect, upon which the previous ques-
tion is proposed to be called. Now, it seems to
me that, if we intend to proceed according ^par-
liamentary usage, we ought to dispose of the va-
rious questions which are before us m the order m
which they stand upon the Cleik's table. If that
be so, then we must commence by taking action
first upon the substitute offered by the gentleman
from North Carolina to the resolution offered by
the gentleman from Missouri. Now, I say, for
one, that it is not my purpose to interpose any
factious opposition to the legitimate expression of
the opinion of a majority of this House, but I
think that majority ought to express their opin-
ions m a legitimate and proper way. Let them
vote upon questions which are now before the
House, and upon which the previous question has *
been called.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire, with the per-
mission of my friend from Texas, to inquire how
many resolutions are now before the House upon
your table, all of which, it strikes me, would have
precedence of the motion of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Hutchixs.] On the very first day of
the session a resolution was offered by the gentle-
man from Missouri, which has not been acted
upon and is now before the House. It soems to me,
