1504
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 3.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. How do I un-
derstand I am to vote ? Is it on a motion to post-
pone, or a motion to take up?
The VICE PRESIDENT. To postpone all
prior orders, and take up the Indian appropri-
ation bill.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Does it then
require a separate motion to take up that bill ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. No; the Chair calls
it up if the motion prevails,
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. TRUMBULL, (when his name was called.)
I should like to inquire if the effect of this vote
is to call up the Indian appropriation bill?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) That is the motion, to postpone all
prior orders, with a view to take up the Indian
appropriation bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I vote " no."
Mr. BINGHAM. "With a view to take it
up." Cannot anything else be taken up ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By the force
of this vote the Indian appropriation bill will be
before the Senate. Of course it will be competent
to move to postpone it, and take up another bill.
The result was announced—yeas 27, nays 15;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Iiijrlor, Bragg, Clark, Clay, Clingman,
Collamer, Crittenden, Fcssenden, Fitzpatrick, Foot, Green,
Gwin, Ilamlm, Hammond, Hunter, Johnson of Arkansas,
Kennedy, Lane, Latham, Mason, Nicholson, Pearcc, Polk,
Saulsbury, Sebastian, Thomson, and Yuice—97.
NAY S—Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Chandler, Doolittie,
Durkee, Fitch, Grimes, Harlan, Johnson of Tennessee,
Ilicc, Simmons, Sumner, Trnmbull, W.lde, and Wilkin-
son—15.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. So the Senate
decides to postpone all prior orders, with a view
to take up the Indian appropriation bill, which is
now before the Senate, as in Committee of the
Whole.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, ac-
cordingly proceeded to consider the bill (H. R.
No. 215) making appropriation for the current
and contingent expenses of the Indian depart-
ment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
various Indian tribes, for the year endin"- June 30,
1861.
Mr. HUNTER. I will say, in regard to the
body of the bill, that it is strictly according to
estimate, and, for the most part, only to carry out
treaties. The amendments are on the new esti-
mates, which require explanation. If it be the
pleasure of the Senate, I propose that the amend-
ments of the Committee on Finance be read, and
I will give explanations as they are read.
The "PRESIDING OFFICER. Ky unanimous
consent of the Senate, that course wilt br taken.
The Chair docs not hear the reading of the whole
bill called for. The amendments of the Commit-
tee on Finance will be read.
The {Secretary proceeded to read them.
The first amendment of the committee was, in
ago 8, lines one hundred and eighty-two and one
-Kindred and eighty-three, to insert "per third
article of treaty of 22d February, 1855;" so that
the clause will read:
For completing the plowing and preparation for cultiva-
tion of two hundred and seventy-live acre* tor the Pillager
unci Lake Wtnnebagoshish bands of Chippewas, per third
article ofticaty ofS^d February, 1855, §-.2,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance was, in page 16, lines three hundred and
seventy-nine and three hundred and eighty, to in-
sert the word;; 4< balance of $157,500;" so that the
clause would read:
Iou-a$.—For interest in lieu of investment on $57,500, bal-
ance of $157,500, to the 1st July, 18L 1, at 5 pci centum, for
education or other beneficial purposes, umlei the direction
ot the l'ri-bidenr. per second ai tide treaty li)th October, 1838,
and ninth article treaty 17th May, 1£S4, §2,873.
Mr. HUNTER. It is a mere clerical amend-
ment, to make it conform to the estimates in words.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance was, in page 20, line four hundred and six-
ty-three, to insert the word tk article" after the
word " thiid jM so that it will read:
Tor permanent annuity in goods or otherwise, per third
article and separate article to treaty 30th September, 1S09
$3 50. ' '
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
insert, at the c id of the bill:
For fulfilling the provisions of the treaty with tbe Creek
Indians of March 24,1833, respecting the orphan children
of the Creeks, and to be in lieu of the investment of the
same sum required to be made by the sixth article of the
treaty with the Creeks and Serainoles of August 7,1856;
the Creeks, by formal act of their council, having agreed to
exchange funds with said orphans, the proceeds of whose
reservations, under the treaty of 1832, were heretofore,
without authority of law, invested and used as a general
school fund among the Creeks; and the said council of
the Creeks, for and in behalf of the nation and the said or-
phans, having petitioned for such exchange and for the pay-
ment to said orphans of their dues, $200,000.
Mr. HUNTER. The explanation to that is
this: by the second article of the treaty of 1832,
with the Creeks, twenty sections of land were to
be selected, under the direction of the President,
for the orphan children of the Creeks, and divided,
or retained, or sold, for the.ir benefit, as the Presi-
dent should direct. These sections were duly se-
lected, and were after wards sold; and the proceeds,
and for a time the accruing interest, were invested
in stocks of different States, which arc now de-
preciated, but on which the interest is regularly
paid. Since 1847, however, the annual interest
on the amount so invested has been used and ap-
plied to school purposes among the Creeks. With
a view of realizing this fund to the orphans who
had attained their majority, and desired to have
their money paid over to them, as has been uni-
formly done in other like cases, the Creeks, in the
sixth article of the treaty of 1856, agreed to set
apart the sum of $200,000 of the money stipulated
to be paid to them by this treaty, to be invested
as a school fund; and in consideration of the
present depreciation of the stocks in which the
orphan money is invested, and the loss that will
therefore be sustained by their sale, and for which
thoGovernmcntmight hereafter be held liable, the
Creek council, representing both the nation and
the orphans, have agreed to petition for an ex-
change of the funds with the orphans, as the lat-
ter will yield annually a largeramountof interest.
The amount, therefore, having been increased by
the additional investment of interest, is $200,742
of the fund stipulated, by the treaty of 1856, to be
invested for school purposes. The appropriation
of this sum will not increase the amount needed
for fulfilling treaty stipulations; as under the treaty
of 1856 it is required to be appropriated for in-
vestment, which positive requirement of the treaty
has heretofore been overlooked. This amount is
now asked for by the Department; and the sum
of §10,000, with interest thereon, asked for in the
annual estimates from the Indian Office for the fiscal
year ending 30th June, 1861, and embraced m the
present hill, will no tbe needed. The same amount,
needed for the present fiscal year, which has not
yet been remitted for jjaymcnt, can also be saved,
and retained m the Treasury; as the nation, in
lieu of it, got the interest on the orphan fund. It
is merely an exchange of funds. Instead of pay-
ing ^'200,000 to the nation, to be invested for ed-
ucational purposes, and selling the stock of the
orphans, we give the nation the stock for educa-
tional purposes, and give the orphans the money.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
insert, at the end of the bill:
For payment of this amount to the Shawnees, due them
tinder the provisions of the eleventh article of the treaty of
10th May, 1854, to be letmburscd to the United States,
when collected from Agents Gay and Arnold, against whom
suits are pending, $3,074 44.
Mr. HUNTER. Two hundred and sixty-two
dollars of this money , belonging to the Shawnees,
was remitted to William Gay,""the last agent, for
payment; $2,811 to his successor, A. Arnold,
for the same purpose. Both failed to make full
payment, and hence the application for means to
pay the Shawnees an amount due them under the
ticaty stipulations. Both Gay and Arnold are
deceased; suits are pending against their execu-
tors, and should these funds be recovered, they
will bo returned to the United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
insert:
For expenses attending the vaccination of Indians for the
years 1860 and 1861, $5,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
insert:
For purchasing land claims on tlie general reservation at
Pugct Sound, $9,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
insert:
For completing the building of the grist and saw mills a
Leech Lake, for the Pillager and Lake Winnebagoshish
bands of Chippewas, provided for under the third article of
the treaty with the Chippewa Indians of 22d February,
1855, $2,500.'
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
insert:
For pay of an engineer for one year, $600.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
insert:
For the purchase of seven hundred and ninety-four sev-
enty-five one hundredths acres of land, owned by the Mis-
sionary Society of the Methodist Episcopal Church, at
Iroquois Point, Michigan, for certain bands of Ottowasand
Chippewas, at the usual Government price, §993 44.
Mr. HUNTER. This appropriation is required
to carry into effect the stipulations embraced in
the eighth section of the first article of the treaty
of July 31,1855, with the Ottowas and Chippewas
of Michigan.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
insert:
For the payment to Spunk or Bull Frog, alias Joseph
Hcnson, the amount of $400 for his valuation of an improve-
ment under the Choctaw treaty of 1835, in pursuance of the
provision of the twenty-fourth section of the act of March
3, 1855, making appropriations for the civil and diplomatic
expenses of the Government, $400.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
strike out lines three hundred and fifty-seven to
three hundred and sixty, inclusive, in the follow-
ing words:
For five per centum interest on .$200,000, for purposes of
education, per sixth article tieaty 7th August, 1856,$10,000.
Mr. HUNTER. That is to strike out$10,000,
winch the Secretary stated would not be neces-
sary, in the event wc made theexchange of funds
for the Creek nation.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
insert:
For the general incidental expenses of the Indian service
in the Territory of Utah, presents of goods, agricultural im-
plements, and other useful articles, including the traveling
expenses of the superintendent, agents, clerk hire, and so
forth, $45,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
insert:
For surveying and mapping four farms and reservations,
$1,200.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
insert:
For the general incidental expenses of the Indian service
in Oregon and Washington, including insurance and trans-
portation of annuities, goods, and presents, where no special
provision is made by treaties, and office and traveling ex-
penses of the superintendent, agents, and sub-agents, for
the year ending 30th June, 1861, $35,000.
Mr. HUNTER. I will state, in relation to that,
that the Secretary of the Interior largely reduced
the estimate of the superintendent of Indian af-
fairs in those Territories. He says this is as
little as lie can get along with—less than was
appropriated last year.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
insert:
For defraying the expenses of the lemoval and subsist-
ence of the Indians in Oregon to the reservations therein,
aiding them in procuring their own subsistence, purchase
of provisions and presents, compensation of laborers and
other employes, ior the year ending 30th June, 1861, $25,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
insert:
For defraying the expenses of the removal and subsist-
ence of the Indians in Washington Territory to the reserva-
tion therein,aiding them in procuring their own subsistence,
purchase ot provisions and presents, and compensation of
laborers and other employes, for the year ending 30th June,
1861, $25,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
insert:
For payment of improvements of the Indians west of
the Cascade mountains, the NezPerces,the Flatheads,the
Vakamas, which may have to be abandoned in conse-
