THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIYES, WASHINGTON, D. 0.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, APRIL 4, 1860.
New Series....*No. 95.
qucnce of certain treaty stipulations with them, and for
surveys of reservations to which they are to be removed,
$55,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
insert:
For insurance, transportation, and the necessary ex-
penses of delivery of annuities, goods, and provisions to
Yakamas, Flathcads, and NezPerces, for the years ending
SOifo June, 1860, and 30th June, 18G1, §42,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
insert:
For the first of five installments due and payable to the
Yafcama nation, for the year ending 30th June, 1660, per
fouith articie of treaty of 9th June, 1855, $10,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
insert:
For the first five installments due and payable to the Nez
Perces Indians, tor the year ending 30th June, 1860, per
fourth article ol treaty of 11th June, 1855, $10,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
insert:
For the pay of each of the head chiefs of the Flathead,
Kootenay. and Upper Pend d'Oreilles tribes, for the year
ending the 3Uth June, 18o0, per fifth article of treaty of 16th
July, 1OT, $1,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
insert:
For the pay of each of the head ehicfe of the Flathead,
Kootcimy, and Upper Pend d'Oreilles tribes, for the year
ending the 30th June, 1861, per fifth article of treaty of 16th
July, 1855, $1,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was, on
page 19, line four hundred and forty-three, afteV
t.ho wfiiv) to insert "of;" «'*  that
so that the
the word "last,
clause will read:
For their proportion of the last of twenty installments in
money, per second article treaty 28th November, 1840, and
fourth articie treaty 5th June, 1854, $6,863 64.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. There is an important amend-
ment of the Committee on Finance, which is not
printed—it seems to be omitted by inadvertence—
to provide for a second installment due under
treaties with the Indians in Oregon and Wash-
ington Territories. I will prepare that while the
chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs is
offering his amendments.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Inasmuch as the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance has offered all
the amendments which he is prepared to submit
at this tihie, I move to postpone the further con-
sideration of this bill until Thursday, with a view
of preparing amendments and obtaining: inform-
ation from the office, which can probably be
obtained by that time.
Mr. HUNTER. Docs the Senator move to
postpone it until one o'clock on Thursday, and
make it the special order for that time?
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Yes, sir.
The motion was agreed to.
BILL BECOME A LAW.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Buchanan, his Secretary, an-
nounced that the President had this day approved
and signed an act (S. No. 247) for the relief of
Mary E. Castor.
ROBERT II. MORRIS.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I move now
to postpone all prior orders, and take up the home-
stead bill.
Mr. YULEE. Allow me, before that motion
is voted upon, to ask the Senate to take up a bill
which I have been requested to appeal to the Sen-
ate to dispose of. It is a House bill for the relief
of the legal representatives of Robert II. Morris,
of New York. It is a private bill, which will
probably elicit no debate at all.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. If it will take
no time, I give way for that purpose.
95
Mr. YULEE. I move to take up the bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole,proceeded to consider
the bill (H. R« No. 242) for the relief of the legal
representatives of Robert H. Morris, late post-
master of the city of New York.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I think there
is a principle involved in this bill that I have heard
denied very constantly by the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, unless I am mistaken.
It reads:
That the Auditor of the Treasury for the Post Office De-
partment be authorized and directed to readjust and audit
the account ot Robert ii. Morris, late postmaster of the
city of New York, from May 26, 1845, to June 30, 1846,
and to allow in said account all bums of money paid out by
said Morris for defraying the expenses of said office within
said period, including the amount paid on account of the
city dispatch otiice.
Of course it must embrace those expenses hith-
erto rejected for want of any law to authorize
them. It goes on:
Provided, That, in the opinion of the Postmaster Gen-
eral, such expenses were properly incuired, and were
necessary for the business of said otiice.
1 know that there have been before this com-
mittee, in two instances, applications for relief
from my own Stutefor parties who have performed
the postal service there, who stand in the same
attitude. They only asked the privilege of being
allowed to show that the service, over and above
what were the terms, natuie, and character of their
con tract,was performed, not only by the authority,
but with the approval, of the Post Office agent.
Not only was the service done with his authority,
but they are able to show that it was necessary,
and that the mails could not travel without it.
There is no authority of law to make any allow-
ance to them. It is within the knowledge of all
the people of the State that those parties did suffer.
Their claim is rejected by the Post Office Com-
mittee, and has been so for three years. It still
stands here. There is a bill lying on the table that
I declined to have referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, and asked that it
might lie there, to see whether or not I could not
get it up on its merits before the Senate. I do not
see why fish should be made of one and flesh of
another. I am tired of it; I do not think it is right;
and I wish to appeal to the Senate against princi-
ples of that character. Now, if this proposition
here to-day is right, very well; let the money be
paid. But to what time does it run ? From 1845?
How many years, I ask the chairman, does this
run, within which we are to settle accounts not
authorized by law, and which now require a spe-
cial act m order to allow the money to be paid?
Will the gentleman state?
Mr. YULEE. When the gentleman is through,
I will.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I ask him that
question for information.
Mr. YULEE. The bill states that This gen-
tleman is not now in office. He died many years
ago. This relates to the adjustment of his ac-
counts in the Auditor's office.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Can the Sen-
ator tell me how far it goes back?
Mr. YULEE. I think these items probably
occurred in the last year of the administration of
his office.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Can the Sen-
ator tell me when that was?
Mr. YULEE. I cannot tell you precisely the
year. I think he was the predecessor of Mr.
Graham, and went into office in 1845.
Mr. LATHAM. Hp was in office from 1845
to 1849.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. There are four
years then. We go back to 1845; and yet service
that is rendered under the Post Office Department
can get no relief at all, and of the very same char-
acter in the classification it must necessarily be.
I do not like this way of acting on these matters.
If the principle is to reject those accounts which
are not authorized by law, then make it uniform,
and apply it to all; but such 1 have not found to
be the case. This bill, in addition to what I have
jjlready read, goes on to provide:
And in addition thereto, the said Auditor shall also allow
for the same period such sum as would make the compen-
sation of fraid Morris equal to the sum of $*2,000 per annum,
as provided for by the act of 18:25.
I do not understond that. If it was provided
for by the act of 1825, why did he not get it.^ It
must be then provided for in some other case by
the act of 1825. It is to makfe a new law, and
apply the act of 1825 to it now. That is the whole
of that proposition. But further:
And that said several sum^so found to be due, shall be
paid to the executrix or other legal representative of said
Morns, out of any money appropriated for the Post Office
Department.
Is there anything in regard to this case that
sanctifies it as an appeal to justice, and an appeal
to equity and right, above other cases of the char-
acter I have already stated, which would not jus-
tify allowing the discretion in the one case as
well as the other in the Post Office Department
to settle and pay such amounts of money as may
be equitably found due? I know that in the in-
stances of which I spoke, the accounts have been
certified to not only by the agent of thePostOffice
Department on the ground, but by the Governor
of the State, who is one of the same class of men
with the Senator who is the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance here,[Mr. Hunter,] wljp would
resist almost everything—certainly everything
• that is not within the strictest and most rigid rules
of law and economy. Those cases are certified to,
and established by the strongest testimony I have
ever known in any case, or at least equal to any
that I have ever known in any case appealing to
the justice of Congress for relief. That is the caso
in two instances; yet the application is not enter-
tained by the committee. I know that those cases
arc among those that are appointed to be sacri-
ficed. 1 shall resist things of this sort, and insist
t that the rule be applied to all alike. This bill di-
! rccts the proper officers " to allow in said apflount
S all sums of ijioney paid out by said Morris for
j defraying the expenses of said office within said
period"—about six years—"including the amount
paid on account of the city dispatch office."
We are to pass it without any further expla-
nation. I do not think it proper.
Mr. YULEE. The Senator from Arkansas
mixes totally different cases—cases that belong to
different classes. The claims to which he refers,
when he speaks of bills from his State, the action
of the committee upon which he complains of,
are a class of cases in which it is proposed, against
the will and against the decision of the Depart-
ment, to pay for services that they never author-
ized, and that they did not believe to be necessary
when performed. This belongs to adifferentclass.
This bill relates to an adjustment 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The Senator,
I presume, does not understand the cases. He
says they are cases in which the Department did
not believe the service to be necessary. The Sen-
ator must certainly know that thejnrefused to pay
anything more than the contract price; and the
Senator and his committee decline to suffer the
Department, that he says did not believe the ser-
vices were necessary, to judge whether an allow-
ance for them would be right and equitable and
necessary, or not. That is all we ask. There is
the bill on the table.
Mr. YULEE. The Senator is mistaken on that
point, as the committee gave him a bill for that
purpose at the last session in the very case to
which he refers. They gave him a bill which
would have enabled the Department to pay for
what it considered necessary.
Mr JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Ifthecommit-
tee have established a precedent different from
what I supposed, I have nothing more to say.
Mr. YULEE. Is not the Senator aware that
we gave him such a bill at the last session?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I was not aware
that they went even to the extent of allowing it
at the discretion of the Department, who the Sen-
ator says was against the thing. That is all the
parties ever asked.
