1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
485'
then, that the resolution of the gentleman from
Ohio is not in order, and cannot be in order, until
the resolutions which have before been offered
have been ncted upon.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Will the gen-
tleman permitme asinglemoment? The position
which I take in this regard, is this: that^all the
resolutions before the House, except those which
provide for the election of a Speaker, are out of
order. They have no business here. I think it
can be shown from the Constitution, the law of
Congress, and the parliamentary law, that that
position is correct, and correct oeyond doubt or
question.
Mr. REAGAN. The gentleman from Maine
assumes that these other propositions are out of
order. I submit to him that it is not legitimate
thus to dispose of these questions upon the assump-
that they are out of order. The question whether
they are m order or not, requires the decision of the
House before it can be made to serve as a basis upon
which to predicate any such argument. We insist
that they are in order, and not only that, but that
the House has sanctioned their being in order by
calling the previous question upon them. Itisnot
in order to present any.other proposition and call
the previous question on it until these resolutions
have been disposed of.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. One moment.
Let me ask the Clerk whether the previous ques-
tion has been sustained upon the resolution of the
gentleman from Missouri?
The CLERK. The previous question was
called upon the resolution of the gentleman from
Missouri, but the main question has not been
ordered to be put.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Of course, it
would not make n proposition in ordrr, because
it was moved by a gentleman and the previous
question demanded upon it by another gentleman,
out what I desire to say is, that there is it propo-
sition looking to an organization of the House by
the choice of a Speaker by the plurality resolu-
tion, after three votes have taken place. Then
there is the proposition, now in the form of a mo-
tion, that we shall proceed directly to the election
of a Speaker by the plurality rule. There was the
proposition of the gentleman from New Jersey,
[Mr. Pennington,] but it has been withdrawn.
It may be that there is still another proposition
offered by Mr. Hickman. If that bo so, I imagine
still this proposition of the gentleman from Ohio
would take precedence of that; because that was
a resolution looking to an election after some two
or three ballots; whereas this is a proposition look-
ing \o an election on the first vote. It takes pre-
cedence upon the same principle that a motion to
proceed to an election by a majority vote has been
held by the Clerk and the House to have prece-
dence over all other motions. Now, sir, if if be
in order to move to proceed to the election of a
Speaker by a viva voce majority vote, it is equally
in order to move to proceed to vote for Speaker by
a plurality viva voce vote. Whenever one is m
order the other is in order. And I submit that
the motion of the gentleman from Ohio is just
as much in order as any of the motions submitted
by the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
Winslow,] that the House vote tuya voce for
Speaker, on which the House has acted time and
again.
Mr. REAGAN. I understand the gentleman
from Maine still to go upon the assumption that
the resolutions before the House are out of order.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. That is for the
House to decide.
Mr. REAGAN. But the assumption that these
questions have been decided, I submit, is not a fair
predicate upon which to base an argument.
Now, sir, my understanding was that the pre-
vious question had been ordered. If the previous
question has not been ordered on those resolu-
tions, I presume, as they are the pending ques-
tions, it will now be proper to call for it; and I do
call for the previous question. The previous ques-
tion has been called for and not disposed of, I
understand from the Clerk; and, therefore, in pur-
suance of that call, the Clerk must put the main
question and dispose of it without any new ques-
tion intervening.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. The question
now submitted by the Clerk is, whether this mo-
tion does not take precedence of all other motions;
and as the House decides, this motion will either
be in order, and supersede all others now pend-
ing, or it will not.
Mr. HOUSTON. With the permission of my
friend from Texas, I will ask the gentleman from
Maine whether there is any question at all which
will override the motion to correct the Journal?
whether that is not one of the highest privilege?
I ask whether it is not higher in privilege than
any we have made or are making? whether, with-
out its settlement, we have a right to proceed one
step further? When I get up and charge that the
Journal is wrong, that it does not state correctly
the events of a legislative day, yon cannot pro-
ceed one solitary step further until it is decided
whether the Journal is right or wrong. There is
no motion, there is no resolution, there is nothing
of a legislative character, that can supersede the
motion to correct the Journal; because, until your
Journal of the proceedings is made to speak the
truth, is made to tell what did occur, you cannot
do any other act, anything at all pertaining to
legislation on the succeeding day. My position
then is, that that morion for the correction of the
Journal is the highest motion before us; that, al-
though thatmotion has been for a time or may for
a time be departed from; although we may have
gone on with other things, seemingly leaving out
of view the motion of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Hickman] to correct the Journal,
yet, sir, whenever you attempt to administer par-
liamentary law as it is known, as it is recog-
nized, as it is practiced in the Congress of the
United States and in every enlightened legislative
body m the world, you will find that that is the
motion which overrides every other motion—that
the motion to correct the Journal is the one which
commands and demands at the hands of this
House its first and earliest action.
Mr. CURTIS. It seems that wp are standing
exactly where we started from six weeks ago.
Questions of order are piled up, and it is held
that they are all debatable. If 1 can understand
the objection made to the motion of the gentleman
from Ohio, it is that it does not come up at the
proper time Now, I would like to know if gen-
tlemen will agree to this, that we take a vote to
lay upon the table every question now before the
House—dispose of every question, in its proper
order, by motions to lay upon the table? if they
will agree to that, I will move to lay the pending
question upon the table, and move to lay every
other proposition upon the table as it comes up.
I want that done, however, without debate.
Mr. REAGAN. I desire to make one remark
in reply to the position assumed by the gentleman
from jVIaine. His assumption is, that the motion
to proceed to the election of a Speaker is the legit-
imate business for the House, and that all other
motions and resolutions are notm order. I under-
stand that to be his position. The gentleman will
see that he defeats the end for which he is now
struggling when he remembers that, with the mo-
tion to procecd to the election of a Speaker, is
coupled a proposition to do that which is out of
the ordinary parliamentary course of electing a
Speaker. Being unable to proceed to the election
of a Speaker by a majority of the House, they
deem it necessary to adopt a precedent step—the
adoption of the plurality rule. That is a separate
business from the election of a Speaker; and, in
that point of view, if the resolution of the gentle-
man from Missouri [Mr. Clash] is out of order,
and the amendment of the gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Gilmer] is out of order, then the
gentleman cannot relieve his position by offering
another proposition which is out of order^ He
may say that it is connected, in some degree, with
the proposition to electa Speaker. I concede that.
The other resolutions have been presented as
being connected, in some degree, with the election
of a Speaker; and the proposition to ele^t by a
plurality rule is out of the ordinary course, and
requires the consent of the House. If they will
strip the proposition to go to the election of a
Speaker of the accompaniment of a resolution for
the plurality rule, then perhaps he may be right
in his principle; but, if he couples a resolution for
the plurality rule with the motion to proceed to
the election of a Speaker, then, according to the
gentleman's own argument, it is as much out of
order as the resolutions of the gentleman from
Missouri and the gentleman from North Carolina.
Mr. CURTIS. What do you say to my prop-
osition?
Mr. REAGAN. Mr. Clerk, I have no au-
thority to assent to it. I only speak for myself.
I think -that fairness requires that we should act
upon the several resolutions in the House -in the
order in which they arose. If the House will act
upon them-, and either sustain them or vote them
down, then, sir, I will throw no factious opposi-
tion in the way of any resolution they may olfer.
I will then so direct my action as to consult the
will of the majority of the House on any propo-
sition that comes up. Before doing that, however,
I must insist that we have a right to the expres-
sion of the opinion of the House upon these res-
olutions.
Mr WINSLOW. Allow me to say that I
cotfld not advise my political friends to consent
to act on the plurality rule by any such indirect
tion as is contemplated by gentlemen 011 the other
side. I am willing to meet the question of the
plurality rule fairly when it comes up.
Mr. STANTON. Will the gentleman consent
that we shall go to the Clerk's table and vote
up -m the several propositions as they come up
without debate ?
Mr. WINSDOW. No consent would prevent
any gentleman upon this side of the House from
speaking to the questions that may come up, if
any shall desire to do so. I do not want any
gentleman who is disposed to debate the ques-
tions before us to be precluded from doing so by
any arrangement whatever. I am not going to
make any factious and unconstitutional opposition
to the adoption of the plurality rule, when it
comes up fairly; but I will now resist it here by
all the means I have in my power; by all the
parliamentary means I can resort to. The gen-
tleman knows that the resolution for the plurality
rule cannot be reached by indirection. If a reso-
lution for the plurality rule be presented, and the
i previous question is called upon it, the gentleman
| knows that, objection being made, it cannot be
introduced. And, as my friend from Alabama
! [Mr. Houston] remarks, the first question, be-
cause it is of the highest privilege, is the motion
for the correction of the minutes of the House,
that every gentleman may be put right before the
country.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I desire to re-
state what our position is, as I understand it, upon
this? question. It is, that there is one question,
and one question only, which is properly before
the House; and that is the ground we have taken
from the beginning—the election of a Speaker.
Therefore, it is 
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to ask the gentleman
a question right here; and I will see whether he
is speaking really his own sentiments or not. Did
not the gentleman, in the Thirty-Fourth Congress,
vote for a resolution which declared that any gen-
tleman who did not conform with the principles
laid down in that resolution, should not oe elected
Speaker of this House—a resolution of the same
general description as the one -now in question ?
I ask the gentleman whether he did not vote for
that sort of a resolution, and whether ho is not
precluded now from saying that these resolutions
are out of order, and that no other motion than
one to proceed to vote for Speaker is in order?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. If I did so vote,
it does not prove that the position I now take is
not a legal and tenable one: but I say I have no
sort of recollection of any such resolution having
been offered in the House at that time.
Mr. HOUSTON. It was; and gentlemen upon
that side of the House, and, I believe,-the gentle-
man's candidate for Speaker, voted for that reso-
lntion.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I have no sort
of recollection of any such resolution; but there
may have been one.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is very convenient for the
gentleman from Maine that his recollection never
troubles him, so that these things which would
otherwise stand in the way, are forgotten, and he
is left free to take a new course at every session,
if he sees fit*
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. The gentleman
from Alabama can turn to my record, and show
howl voted. I have no objection to having every
page of my record here read. Enough for that.
No gentleman can doubt, whether he looks to
the law or the necessity of the case, that the only
business in order is for the House to choose a
Speaker. That being the question in order, all
