THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
v -1 **
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED EY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHING-TON, I). 0!":
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, MAY 31, 1860.
New SriuEs.'.V..Nti. 154.
effect of that amendment is, instead of making the
grant of land and money to the gentlemen named
in, the bill, simply to make it to the persons who
may subscribe according to the terms.
The question, then, to which I desire the atten-
tion of the House, is this: is it practicable, byany
form of subscription provided for in this* bill, to
execute this work? I respectfully submit, that,
in point of law, it is not. There is no provision
in the bill that these gentlemen, or the persons
whomaysubscribe,areto be incorporated. They
are, therefore, to be a voluntary association. The
grant in the bill is made directly to the sub-
scribers. It is, therefore, made to a volunteer and
unincorporated association. The operation of
law' on that grant is to vest the property, when-
ever 'it may be conveyed or patented to them by
the Government, in the whole body of them as
tenants in common. In the event of any one of
them dying, his proportional share passes to liis
heirs, according to the law of the locality. It is
plain, therefore, that in the course of six months
after the organization of the company we may
have to be hunting about for heirs to the land
through half the courts of chancery in the United
States.
M-r. CLARK, of New York. Will the gentle-
man from Maryland permit me to make a single
suggestion to him? *
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. With great pleas-
ure.
Mr. CLARK!, of New York. Anticipating that
this objection would be made by the friends of the
bill, I had prepared an amendment to meet that
very point, which I ask my friend to permit me
to read,' that I may ascertain whether it will, in
his view, remove the objection.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I will hear it read
with great pleasure.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. The amendment
is this: to insert, at the end of the first section,
the following language, adding a clause which,
in my judgment, is necessary to commend this
scheme to the attention of all others than mere
speculators:"
Provided, That this act shall not bo opeiative for any
purposes, o\cept the dcreunination of the amount of pri-
vate capital stock, and tiie receiving of subscriptions
tlieief'or, until the subscriber for such capital *-tock Khali
have fii'bt been duly mcoiporated under a chatter; winch
charter shall authorize the (joipoiauoo thereby cicated to
take the grant-? and '\xecutc the powct* contemplated by
tins net, thfj sufhcieney ot which charter shall be ttutap-
piovcd by lb'' Attorney CJeucial of the United ritatc>, nur
until theie .-hall have been aetunlly paid in, tu c;i>h on
stock actually subscribed, the sum ot §10,000,000, at lea*>t.
It seems to mo? Mr. Speaker, that this amend-
ment woul'd get rid of some of the objections sug-
gested, and also of the apprehension, which many-
fee], that this enterprise will get into thy hands of
speculators instead of capitalists, of bonowers
instead of lenders.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Before I refer to
the amendment of the gentleman from New \ ork,
I desire to follow out the consequences of adopt-
ing the bill in its present shape. I have already
indicated one of them. Another is this: it creates
nothing more nor less than a partnership. The
effect of the death of one member of the partner-
ship is to dissolve the whole. The consequence
would be, -that the affairs of the company would
be carried into a court of chancery for settlement
at the first death. I take it, therefore, that this is
wholly impracticable as a scheme for executing
this work.
The next thing is this: in order to make the
road, they must own the land. They must have
power to take the land of private individuals, if
the survey shall carry them over any individual's
farm. There is no authority conferred on them
in this bill; nor is there any machinery or con-
trivance by which they can condemn and take the
land. I take it, therefore, that they will have to
stop at the first freehold they meet in the Territory
of Kansas or Nebraska.
Mr. CURTJS. Will the gentleman from Mary-
land allow me to say a word here ?
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. With great pleas-
ure.
154
Mr. CURTIS. Gentlemen know very well that
all this idea of incorporation is contemplated; that
there is nothing which vests in these men until
they themselves go forward and do a certain
amount of work; they or their associates; they
or a majority of them. Now, it seems to me that,
if tliey go forward and ineorpoiate themselves,
they can then invest themselves with all those
powers that are necessary. That is the idea in
which the bill is drawn up. And the committee,
of which the gentleman is a member, explained
it to him before ho was called upon to vote on it.
I hope the gentleman will reply to that point.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. With great pleas-
ure."
Mr. CURTIS. I say they will acquire these
rights when they procure their articles of associ-
ation, which they can get either under general
incorporation laws or under special statutes.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. My friend from
Iowa concedes the whole case that 1 make against
the bill. The bill docs not require these gentle-
men to be incorporated. It does not provide that
they shall be incorporated. It does not itself in-
corporate them. They.ju'c at liberty to attempt
this impracticable method of accomplishing this
great work. All that I mean to show is that this
bill, as we have it now before us, is impractica-
ble. That is all. I take it I need go 110 further
with any lawyer in the House than I have already
gone, to show that, if this company be not incoi-
porated by some authority, the work stops. It
cannot proceed by any possibility. Can the diffi-
culties be avoided m the mode contemplated by
the gentleman from Iowa?
Then the bill uses this singular language, and
none other, touching the incorporation of the com-
pany: "provided Lhat in any incorporation of them-
selves," &,c. That contemplates the possibility
that they may be incorporated; but it does not
itself incorporate them.
Let us look at the difficulties besetting this bill,
011 the hypothesis that they will set to work to
get the act of incorporation. The United States
can incorporate them from the Missouri line to
the California line, by unanimous consent. In
my judgment, the United States can likewise in-
corporate them from the California line to Sail
Francisco. Nobody, however, disputes the power
of the Government over the Territories of the Uni-
ted States for this practical purpose. All the
difficulties, (hen, that I feel, might have been in a
great measure obviated by inserting- a railroad
charter to the persons subscribing', ill lieu of this
one line, " that 111 any incorporation of them-
selves," &c.
But gentlemen are not willing, or at least tliey
fear to idise the question before this House as to
the power of the Govern went of the United States
to incorporate this company. Let us take it on
that hypothesis. If the authoi ity ot the United
States is not to incorporate tins company, and yet
the company is to be inaugurated before it can
even begin its work, where is the act ot incorpo-
ration to come from? if they go before the Le-
gislature of the State of New York, and that
Legislature sees fit to incorporate the subscribers,
and to authorize them to receive the grant from
the United States, and to construct the work,
where is it to be executed ? in the. territory of
the United States? Is anybody to tell me that a
law of New York will enable a railroad company
to take the freehold of any man in the territory
of the United States and confiscate the title 011
paying its fair value' Undoubtedly not. No
Legislature in any of the States can have any ju-
risdiction over any portion of the territory of the
United States; and whatever powers they might
be able to confer for the purpose of suing, so as
to obviate some of the difficulties of a legal char-
acter besetting a joint stock company, they can
confer upon 110 company, 110 matter where it may
be situated, any sort of authonty over tiie soil or
territory of the United States; and the iirst tiling
essential to constructing the road is to get that
authority.
Are they to be incorporated by the territorial
authorities? Then, if they are, whysbould not
we here ourselves previously determine what ahMl
be the terms of the incorporation ; wfhat phatl-be
the machinery for taking the freeholds af.indU
vidual citizens? Why should not we..-ourijelyeS;
provide all the appropriate guards and.Jipitatiens
which form so essential apbrtioh of a railroad;!^
corporation—especially one so import^ijt as tjjjSs,
in which the United States is expected tp.ipve.8t
$00,000,000? But let us look at the-ide^a that they
can be incorporated elsewhere than by the Con-
gress of the United States; and, in that®oint of
view, suppose they be incorporated b,y tiie Sta.te
of New York. This road runs through Nebaska,
which will be a State in a few yearp, and. 9. part of
it through Kansas, which will probably beaSi&ifi
before the adjournment of this Congress,
New York corporation, the moment that S.tate^
comes into existence, has no authority to perform
any act at all, except at the will of the people of
Kansas or Nebraska, as the case may be. The.
Government of the United States, therefore, are,
asked to invest $60,000,000 on security .worth
whatever it cost to buy or bully the Legislature of
Kansas or Nebraska. What would the security
of the United States bo worth against a popular
clamor about land monopoly? Suppose you go a
step further; suppose they apply to the Territorial
Legislatures for an act of incorporation, and that
next year either of these Territories is admitted
as a,State: the simple fact of admission as a State
wipes out theactofincorporation, unless it is pro-
tected by the laws and constitution adopted by the
State.
" We see, therefore, at every step, that the bill,
not only by the provisions of the bill itself, but
by the provisions that they contemplate having
put in it by some other Legislature than the Con-
gress of the United States, wholly fails to accom-
plish the purpose. That difficulty applies, with
all respect, to the suggestion of my learned friend
from New York, [Air. Clark,] and I am sure he
will appreciate the difficulty. If they go, for
instance, under that law, before the Legislature
of New York, and procure a charter of incorpora-
tion, tiiat charter could exercise no authority,
excepting with our permission, overlands held by
private individuals in the Territoriesof the United
States; and that charter itself, even if it .could be
operative there, now, by our license, would, im-
mediately upon the creation of a State, in either
Kansas or Nebraska, by the mere fact of that
creation, cease to be operative, except at the will
of that State.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Clearly so; they
could only take the lands.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. They can only
take the land grant from this Government; but
they can exercise 110 franchise within the limits
of that State otherwise than by the assent of that
State. I take it, therefore, tiiat the bill is wholly
impracticable, in every point of view, as a mode
of accomplishing the work that is designed.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Will the gentle-
man allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. With a great deal
of pleasure.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. If Congress grants
a franchise within the Territories of the United
States, I ask if the establishment of a State over
that franchise extinguishes the vested rights con-
ferred by the act of Congress?
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Certainly not. I
take it that, for all the practical purposes of this
bill, for the creation of a road for war purposes,
the powers of the United States are paramount to
the authority of any State; but then the United
States must itself create a fund, a body independ-
ent of the State power, or submit to the will of
the State authority; and a corporation of one
State cannot be paramount to the legislative will
of another State in the territory of the latter.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Do I understand
my friend from Maryland to suggest that a for-
eign corporation cannot take title to land and en-
joy it in a jurisdiction foreign to its charter'
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. No, sir; I have
