1506
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 3,
Mr. YULEE. The rule on which the com-
mittee are acting, in the cases to which -the Sena-
tor refers, ia that they will not force on the De-
partment payment for services which it has not
not authorised and which do not deem to have
been necessarily called for by the public interest.
Wherever it is prepared to say or to decide, either
by recommending in advance to the committee, or
in a bill which the committee may submit to its,
opinion, that the services, although not author-
ized, were beneficial to the public, and under the
circumstances should be paid for, we are willing
that they should be paid for; and upon that foot-
ing we are disposed to place the cases to which
the Senator from Arkansas refers, and I thought
he was satisfied with that view at the last session,
which the committee authorized me to report.
Now, sir, in reference to this particular bill, it
proposes simply, not the#eversal of any decision,
but the readjustment of an account upon a prin-
ciple adopted afterwards by direction of an act of
Congress in the case of the successor of this gen-
tleman. The committee yielded to report favor-
ably on the bill which came from the House, for
the reason that the Auditor—the officer who is
appointed to arrange and adjust the accounts of
postmasters according to law—in a letter which he
communicated to the committee of the House, re-
garded it as just, as being in conformity with the
principles of statement directed by an act of Con-
gress for the relief of the successor of this gentle-
man, Mr. Graham. It is upon that ground that
the committee recommend the favorable action of
the Senate; because, in the opinion of the audit-
ing officer of the Department, the readjustment of
the accoant is due to justice. The bill comes,
therefore, indorsed by the recommendation of the
proper officer of the Department, and we give to
them the opportunity to do justice according to
their views of right—that is all. The letter of the
Auditor is among the papers, and can be read for
the satisfaction of the Senate. It is not a direct
recommendation, but, from its terms, carries with
it what the committee considered to have been the
indorsement of the auditing office to the justice of
the demand.
_ Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The Senator
gives me information which I li|d not before, or
if I had, I forgot it, because my action was based
on the belief that I was right in the fccts which I
attempted to state. Now, sir, I am glad to hear
the statement the Senator has made; but I should
lilce to make an examination and see if I can find
the bill alluded to by him,and look at it. 1 was
of the impression that there was an idea, such as
the Senator stated, as (o the improper or inequi-
table character of the application made by the par-
ties to whom I referred, which would perhaps
preclude the possibility of any relief to them. As
1 know, from the manner in which the Senator
speaks of those cases, that lie lias not looked at
them with anything like the same view in which
they struck me, knowing all the parties who tes-
tified as to tliem, and who were free from any
interest, I shall ask that I may be allowed time to
examine as to the facts, and to examine this ease
also, and see as to the parallel between them.
There is no special occasion for passing this bill
to-day; and I will ask the privilege of the Senate
of allowing thcufase to be postponed for the pres-
ent, that I may have an opportunity to examine it.
Mr. YULEE. I will state that it was only at
the very pressing and particular urgency of the
member of the House representing the district in
which this party lives, and on his representation
that it was a matter of great consequence to a
widow whose circumstances needed immediate
relief, that I was induced to ask the present action
of the Spnate upon this bill, taking it up out of its
order on the Calendar.
Mr JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I ask that it
may lie over until another day. I should like to
examine it for that reason.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This bill was
interposed pending another motion, by common
consent; and if it be the sense of the Senate, it will
be passed over.
The bill was laid aside.
MESSAGE FROM TUB 1IOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Hayes, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had ordered this day tha printing of the
following documents:
Message of the President of the United States,
in answer to a resolution of the House calling for
information in relation to the difficulties on the
southwestern frontier—ordered at twelve o'clock
and fifty-four minutes, p. m. *
Message of the President of the United States,
in answer to a resolution of the House calling for
information in reference to the imprisonment of
an American citizen in the Island of Cuba—or-
dered at twelve o'clock and fifty-five minutes, p. m.
Letter from the Secretary of War, in answer to
a resolution of the House calling for Lieutenant
Colonel Roberts's report on the subject of a gen-
eral reorganization of the militia of the United
States—ordered at twelve o'clock and fifty-five
minutes, p. m.
HOMESTEAD BILL.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Now the ques-
tion pending before the Senate is the motion of the
Senatorfrom Tennessee, to postpone the prior or-
ders, with a view to take up the homestead bill.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the Senator will not press
that bill now. There was a bill in progress at the
expiration of the morning hour which can be dis-
posed of in a few minutes. If there is any objec-
tion to it, I will not urge it; but we progressed in
that case and were reading the report, and I think
we ought to be allowed to get clear of it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I suggest to
the Senator from California that it was very clearly
indicated that that bill could not be disposed of
in a few minutes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion of
the Senator from California is not in order unless
the Senator from Tennessee yields. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Tennessee,
to postpone the prior orders with a view to take
up the homestead bill.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. That motion, as I under-
stand it, includes both the Senate bill and the bill
from the House of Representatives; so that the
whole subject comes up.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. The Senate
bill is the one that was under consideration be-
fore. I move that we proceed to the considera-
tion of the homestead bill. It, in fact, comes
before the Senate as the unfinished business.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I inquire of the Chair
whether that motion will bring up for considera-
tion both the Senate bill and the House bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
not aware of the particular stage of business at
the time this question was postponed; but the mo-
tion of the Senator from Tennessee will bring up
the bill that was left unfinished on this subject,
and that the Chair is informed was the Senate
bill; but the House bill had been moved as an
amendment, or the Senate informed that it would
be moved as an amendment, to the Senate bill.
The Senate bill being before the Senate, on the
motion of the Senator from Tennessee, it will be
in order to move the House bill as an amendment
to it, if it has not been already done. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ten-
nessee to take, up that bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WADE. I suppose the question is on the
report of the committee who reported these bills—
the Committee on Public Lands, who reported
back the Senate bill, substituting it for the House
bill, I believe. I have never been able to learn
what that committee did do; because, whenever it
is up, there is a question about what was done
and what the report was, and I should like to
hear it read. I heard the Journal read, which
states that such is the condition of things.
Mr. BINGIIAM. I understood the Commit-
tee on Public Lands to report back the House
bill that was referred to them, with an amend-
ment; the amendment substituting the Senate bill
for the House bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair can
be governed only by the record kept by the Sec-
retary. The Chair understands that the commit-
tee has reported back both bills—the Senate bill
and the House bill; that the Senate bill was the
bill under consideration when the subject of the
homestead was last before the Senate, and to
which the Senator from North Carolina [Mr.
Clingman] had moved an amendment, which was
the pending question.
Mr. WADE. Is it in order now to move to
substitute tho House bill for the Senate bill ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is in order
at any time to move to strike out the whole or
any portion of any bill, and to insert any other
matter; but before the question is taken on that
motion, which is in fact a substitution of onebiil
for another, both propositions are open for amend-
ment, for perfection.
Mr. WADE. I make the motion to strike out
all after the enacting clause of the Senate bill, and
substitute the House bill, which I send up to tha
desk.
Mr. CLAY. Permit me to ask whether, if the
motion prevails, the substitute will then be the
subject of amendment in like manner ? I presume
it will be; but I ask for information, because I
propose to offer some amendments.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Both the ori-
ginal bill, which is proposed to be stricken out,
and the substitute—or, in other words, tho matter
proposed to be inserted—are open to amendment
before the question of substitution is taken.
Mr. CLAY. But if that motion prevail and the
substitute be adopted, I ask whether it would then
be open to amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the matter
proposed to be inserted be adopted, it will not be
open to further amendment. Whatever modifica-
tions or amendments may be made, must be made
before the question of substitution is taken.
Mr. CLINGMAN. To avoid a difficulty of
that kind, I should like to offer the same amend-
ment to the substitute which I offered to the Sen-
ate bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be in
order to offer the same amendment to the original
bill and the substitute.
Mr. CLINGMAN. If no one is entitled to tho
floor, I desire to make that motion. I was of the
impression that the Senator from Ohio had not
surrenderd the floor; and I intended, in that event,
to ask his permission to submit it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Before debate
is in order, the matter proposed to be inserted by
the Senator from Ohio must be read, unless the
reading be dispensed with by common consent.
'Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 hope it will be dispensed
with, and I simply move my amendment to the
substitute. I will see at what line of the substi-
tute, as soon as I can get it, it ought to come in
properly.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If I understand the posi-
tion of this question, it is this: the Senate bill is
before the Senate; the Senator from North Caro-
lina has moved an amendment; and now I un-
derstand the Senator from Ohio to move an
amendment to his amendment, which is, to strike
out the whole 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Wisconsin misapprehended the position of
the question.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The pending question to
the bill was the amendment of the Senator from
Nqrth Carolina 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It was. Now,
the Senator from Ohio moves to strike out tha
whole of the original bill after the enacting clause,
and insert another bill.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understand it to be in
order to move an amendment to an amendment.
The question was decided the other day. I raised
the point whether it was in order to move to striko
out the whole of an amendment after certain words,
or after the enacting clause, and insert another
proposition, and substitute that in place of the
original bill; and it was decided that such a motion
was in order. I understand that to bjjhe effect
of the amendment of the Senator from Ohio—it is
a substitute for the amendment, and then to sub-
stitute that for the original bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate
bill was before the Senate and under considera-
tion, to which the Senator from North Carolina
moved an amendment, not in the form of a sub-
stitute for the whole bill, but a modification of the
pending bill. This morning, the Senator from
Ohio moves to strike out the whole of the original
bill, and to insert, m substance, anotlierand a dif-
ferent bill; which is in order. It is not a substi-
tute for the pending amendment moved by the
Senator from North Carolina, but a substitute for
the whole bill. Thatis in order. Now, both bills
are open to amendment. The question, in the
judgment of the Chair, is a very plain and simple
