u
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 29,
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Organization of the Souse—Mr. Morris.
Ho. of Reps.
I
m of Georgia, to a motion for adjournment; and,
after a ballot, the House adjourned.]
Decembcr 29, 1859.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Mr. Clerk, when
I gave way yesterday for a motion to ad journ I
was endeavoring to demonstrate the justice and
propriety of the people of a Territory electing
their own officers. I hope, sir, we shall make
haste, by the passage of the bill I have introduced,
to repair the injury we have inflicted upon them
by denying to them that right. Justice should
not come up with a slow and tardy step. When
Congress can settle upon the policy of giving at-
tention exclusively to national affairs, as it ought
to d®,and can let those of the people alone, it will
have introduced a new era, and taken an impor-
tant step for the preservation of the Union, and
the perpetuation of its blessings to the remotest
time, and to countless millions. But, Mr. Clerk,
the great doctrine of popular liberty—I regret to
say it—is imperiled. Its natural guardian, the
Democratic party, is divided upon it, to some
extent. One portion residing m the slaveholdmg
gtates have abandoned it.
It is not disputed that the Cincinnati platform,
which is the only authoritative exposition of the
Democratic creed, broadly and fully rccognizcs it;
but that seems to make no difference. The Pres-
ident and these ultra Democrats, or men claiming
to bo Democrats, iiave seized upon lis planks and
torn them up, and interpolated new ones upon
their own responsibility, and are driving the
political car fearfully on to the precipice. This
suicidal policy was fully inaugurated when the
Lecompton constitution was sent in at the first
session of the last Congress. A few Democratic
members from the free States (twenty-two in all)
planted themselves against it, but they were be-
sieged as never men were besieged before. Pro-
scribed socially, personally, politically, they wen;
hunted down, especially those from Illinois, with-
out shame and without remorse, by a corrupt
Administration. As one of those members, 1 shall
ever cherish with the proudest recollection my
resistance to the Lecompton swindle. Standing,
as the little band did, as a breastwork to stay tlv
march of injustice and wrong, supported mid
pressed on by a President who addict to personal
malignity & hid forth? southern vote in i he Charles-
ton convention, and who brought the whole of
his of&eial power and patronage to bear upon it,
there is no wonder that its hues were from time
to time thinned, lliehard ill. in nn emergency,
cried " a kingdom for ahorse,35 and the President
did not scruple to let it be known he had king-
doms for votes. One by one our ranks dwindled
away, until only twelve were left who refused to
bow the knee to Baal. Yes, sir, [ thank God
a little Spartan band of twelve defender.-* of the
faith were left, and it is no arrogance to say that
the great doctrines we then contended for, of the
right of the people to pass upon their organic act
at a fair election, and to establish and regulate
their own institutions in their own way, are im-
movably intrcnchcd in the public heart, and have
a deathless existence there.
But, Mr. Clerk, what was the result of that
struggle? Look over this House and tell me where
the Lecompton men from the fiee States are? Most
of-them buried, sir, so deep beneath the weight of
public condemnation that the trump of the angel
Gabriel could never wake them to life again. I
will not go further, and afiempt to lift the vail that
charity has thrown over a portion of them. There
is a" still small voice "that whispers continually in
their ear, and Ileave them to that and to their God.
They fell, sir, before the breath of the people like
leaves belorc an autumnal wind. Then' were in
the last Congress from the free States forty Le-
compton Democrats—from Connecticut two, New
York ten, New Jersey two, Pennsylvania twelve,
Ohio eight, Indiana live, and California one. There
were also in that Congress thirteen anti-Lecompton
Democrats,including Mr. Montgomery, of Penn-
sylvania, who left before the final struggle came on.
on a pair with Mr. Warren, of Arkansas—from
New York two, New Jersey one, Pennsylvania
three, Indiana one, Illinois live, and California
one. How is it in this Congress? V/e have from
New York, of Lecompton Democrats, four, all
from the city; not one from a rural district; Penn-
sylvania two, Ohio five, Indiana two, California
two—in all fifteen; while there are eighteen anti-
Lecompton Democrats—from New York three,
New J crsey two, Pennsylvania three, Illinois five,
Ohio one, Indiana two, Michigan one, and "Wis-
consin one; showing that while the Lecompton
Democrats fell off twenty-seven—that is from
forty to fifteen—the anti-Lecompton Democrats
have increased from thirteen to eighteen, or rather
from twelve to eighteen. The Lecompton men
lost six in NewYork, two in New Jersey, ten in
Pennsylvania, three m Ohio, three in Indiana,
and two in Connecticut; and gamed one in Cali-
fornia, in lieu of the brave and noble Joseph C.
McKibbin, who fell gallantly fighting for the prin-
ciple of non-intervention. No anti-Lecompton
Democrat who was a candidate for reelection was
defeated except Mr. McKibbin, who lives in a
State where the most ultra southern views on the
subject of slavery as connected with the Territo-
ries seem to prevail, and where the patronage of
the President is very great—a free State, and the
only one to be found m the whole Confederacy
whose Legislature passed resolutions of instruc-
tions to her Senators to support the Lecompton
contrivance. We told our friends from the slave
States what would be the result of their course,
and it has turned out as we predicted. They
seemed to be acting exclusively for themselves
and their own local interest, without caring what
became of the Democracy in the fiee States, and
the sequel shows that if all the Democrats in the
Iiouse were combined, we would be m a hopeless
minority. Had Democrats from the South been
a little more tolerant and just, all would have been
well, and they would ha\e been saved the trouble
of making those passionate appeals to the south-
ern Opposition to come over and help us elect a
Speaker. And let me say to them right here, if
they attempt to sustain or carry out in the presi-
dential contest the doctrines for which they con-
tended in the Lecompton struggle, and which the
President still maintains, the cry might as well go
abroad now—"To your tents, O Israel!"
i have not included in my calculation the States
of Minnesota and Oregon. Noitherwcre admitted
into the Union uuid after the final vote was taken
on the Lecompton question. Minnesota's Sena-
tor, however, Mr. Rich, tied his State to the Pres-
ident's territorial policy and she swept off into
the Republican ranks. We now have two Re-
publican R^piesentativcs from there, m place of
the two Democrats we had m the last Congress.
Oregon, we are informed by her Senator, General
Lamb, still stands in the Administration lines, and
supports its territorial policy of carrying slavery
into the Territones by virtue of the Constitution,
lie announces to the world, from his place in the
Senate, that her Representative on this floor was
elected pledged to that doctrine; but he forgot to
state that his election (I say it with no disrespect)
was bfirely earned by great exertion—Ins major-
ity being only spventeen. Yes, sir, Oregon, Demo-
cratic Oregon, was nearly lost to us; and although
General Lane ^everywhere regarded as the leader
of the Democracy there, even ins great popularity
will not be acta to keep it in the ascendant long
on the basis upon whicn ho has planted it. Mark
the prediction !
But, Mr. Clerk, it is proper for me to say, in
this connection, that most of the Lecompton men
who succeeded in a reelection had to lepudiatc
their own measure before their constituents, while
those who were defeated sought refuge in the
White House, and Mr. Buchanan has put them
into tins and that place, as best he could; but.
poor man, he has had so many wounded on his
hands that he has not been able to take eare of
them all. Furthermore. not a Democratic con-
j vention in a lice Slate, barring those of Pennsyl-
vania, where the President has given nearly all
his friends office, find California, which is ultra
anti-popular sovereignty in sentiment, and where
some of her most gifted sons—Brodenek of the
United States Senate, and Ferguson, of the State
Senate—were hunted down by the President for
opposing Ins policy, as McKibbin and others have
been and are being hunted down, politically, by
him. Scarcely a county or township Democratic
meeting has convened since the Lecompton ques-
tion came up, but has passed resolutions sustain-
ing the principles and doctrines for which we eon -
tended. Many of them were foolish enough/at
the same time, to give a quasi indorsement to the
Administration, and the result was a defeat of the
party at the polls. Judge Douglas, and let me
beg gentlemen to remember this fact, for it is
deeply significant, is the only Democrat in any
free State, barring those of California, since the
crusade has been made against popular sover-
eignty, that has succeeded at a general election;
and he had a hand to hand fight of it with the
unscrupulous cohorts of Republicanism, under
the lead of Lincoln, and the lean and hungry pack
of the President, cheered on and commanded by
his Attorney General. These arc God's truths,
and have passed into the history of the country,
and will remain as dark spots upon its pages.
Tell me not, sir, it is improper to proclaim them
in this place and at this time. Truth should
always be spoken.
I mention these facts, Mr. Clerk, not to raise
anew the Lecompton issue, for 1 have given suf-
ficient evidence of my willingness to forget it by
votingfor Mr. Bocock, General MiLLbox}andMr.
Houston, for Speaker, all southern gentlemen
who differed with and, voted against me upon it;
and 1 mention them not to cast blame upon the
Democracy anywhere—far from it; but simply to
show our Democratic friends South what disas-
ters overtook us m the free States in consequence
of the President's suicidal territorial policy—all
except Illinois and California going against us;
and to say that if that policy is persisted in, more
terrible disasters will oveitake us in the futuie.
If you attempt to sustain the doctrines Mi. Buch-
anan has put forth in his late message, and are
successful in it, which we do not mean you shall
ko, you will drive the last nail in the lid of the
coffin of the great northwestern Democracy. Let
me appeal to you to pause before it is too late !
We want to be with you; we want to stand with
you for the Constitution and the Union; as the
only hope of the perpetuity of both rests upon the
Democratic party; but we never can and we never
will yield to any other doctrines upon the subject,
of slavery than those enunciated in the Cincinnati
Convention. There we stand and intendto stand,
on the broad platform of non-intervention.
My incidental allusions to the Administration,
although they may appear harsh* are justified by
its course of conduct towards the Illinois Democ-
racy. Up to this hour it has pursued them with
unrelenting malignity, and has retained a gang of
outlaws in office to insult and harass them. In my
own district—in my own county—asgood and true
Kentucky and Tennessee Democrats as ever lived
have been removed from office by it withm the last
summer, and Abolitionists appointed m their
places,when no one of its Danite votaries could be
found m the vicinity to take the positions. And
must we kiss the hand that smites us ? Never!
never! I never will! But! will not dwell upon that
matter now, as I intend hereafter to bring it to the
attention of the House. I must say, however,
that the Administration wreckers in Illinois, num-
bering a few Government officials, are preparing
to send a delegation to Charleston. One Isaac
Cook, postmaster at Chicago, who has no intel-
lectual ability to produce such a thing—for he can
scarcely read, and tannot spoil or write a single
sentence in the English language correctly, and
has only capacity to be a mere ward politician
and a mixer of mmt-juleps—has issued an ad-
dress, which of course was written in Washing-
ton for him, commanding the faiihful to be on
hand at Springfield, the capital of Illinois, on the
10th day of January next, to appoint tin ir dele-
gates. The doctrmcs of that address, which arc,
of course, the doctrines of the Administration, and
only derive their importance from that fact, are
so startling and so full of absolutism, that I ask
the Clerk to read the passages which I have
marked, to show their character
The Clerk read, as follows:
a The organization of the party commcnccs with the town-
ship conventions, which ate the pnmaiv nieeimgs of the
Democracy. At thes>c, the Deruoi'iats of the township as-
semble cn masse, consult together, nominate candidates for
township offices, appoint committees to tran«,actthene'eee?~
saiy pauy husinesb ot the township, appoint delegates to
county conventions, ami piovide ways and means lor car-
rying on the paitv campaigns.
"The county convention is next in order. It Is com-
posed of delegates from the several towmhip«, anrf, in ad-
