1860. '
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1507
Mr. SIMMONS. I should like to inquire if it
would not be in order, if the Senator from Ohio
withdraws his proposition, for me now to mpvc
that this bill be laid aside, with a view of taking
up the House bill? That would carry this bill
and amendment, and we could take up the one
that we want to act on. [■' Yes; that is it!"] I
make that motion, if it is in order; that the Senate
bill be laid aside, together with the amendment,
in order to take up the House bill.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I inquire whether my mo-
tion has not been entertained, and will not be pend-
ing, so as to take precedence?
Mr. SIMMONS. You can move to amend the
House bill just as well as this, after we take it
up.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. The proposi-
tion of the Senator from Ohio is not yet fully-be-
fore the Senate. The first business in order is the
reading of the matter proposed to be inserted, un-
less dispensed with by unanimous consent.
Mr. CLAY. I must ask that the bill be read;
because it has never been printed by the Senate,
and I have never seen it. I want to learn what
it is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The matter
proposed to be inserted by the Senator from Ohio,
m place of the original bill, will be read.
Mr. SLIDELL. That bill is long, and its read-
ing will occupy some time. I suggest to the Sen-
ator from North Carolina whether the proposition
made by the Senator from Rhode Island is not the
better course, to avoid any difficulty on this sub-
ject. If the House bill be taken up, then the Sen-
ator can offer his amendment. I think that will
simplify matters. '
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will suggest that it will be a more simple process,
if a majority so will it, to lay aside the Senate bill
and take up the House bill for consideration,
which will be open to any modification or amend-
ment.
Mr. PUGH. That is a proposition on which
I desire to say a few words strictly within the
rules. I prefer the Senate bill to the House bill,
and at a proper time I shall give the Senate the
reasons why I prefer it. But even if the motion
of my colleague should succeed, to substitute the
House bill for the Senate bill, that would yet be
the Senate bill, and would have to go to the
House; whereas if we take up the bill passed by
the House and consider it—either pass it with or
without amendments—then we attain to some de-
cisive action. As it is, I see no reason in pro-
ceeding, day after day, to debate the Senate bill,
and send that to the House, when the House has
sent us a bill. It seems to me that our debates
tend to no conclusion. There-fore, I think the
motion of the Senator from Rhode Island is a
motion based on common sense. We have a bill
from the House embracing the subject-matter.
Let us lay aside the Senate bill, ond take up the
House bill and proceed to its consideration. If
the Senator from North Carolina wishes to move
his amendment to that, let him move it. If any
other Senator, wants to offer an amendment, let
him move it. But why, after we debate the Sen-
ate bill to our hearts'content, and put it on its
passage, should we then take up the House bill,
and debate that again? It seems to me that the
Senate ought to come to some conclusion. There-
fore, I hope the motion will be stated and carried,
to postpone the consideration of this bill and all
prior orders, in order to take up the'House bill;
and if that be done, I design at some time—I am
not prepared to-day—to speak to the question.
Mr. W^DE. I have been endeavoring, ever
since this matter was taken up, to simplify it, by
getting at the House bill. When, on the other
occasion, it was taken up, I moved to postpone all
other orders and take up the House bill.
Mr. PUGH. I know; but the motion seems
to have been withdrawn.
Mr. WADE.' It mot with so many difficulties
that I was compelled to withdraw it. It was
thought, perhaps, that, complicated as it was, the
better way was to try the question as it was pre-
sented. I wished to try to substitute the House
biil for the Senate bill, for I had not the power to
cast out the Senate bill. Now, if we can do it
by common consent, and without debating this
question of order eternally, I am willing and anx-
ious to get hold of the House hill- Thatis alto-
gether the simplest and best way to consider the
subject. I hope it will be done by common con-
sent, that we shall take up the House bill; that
that shall be the bill before us, and then the Sen-
ate bill may be moved as a substitute for it by
those who wish it, or any amendment may be
offered. I consent to that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Ohio withdraws his motion to amend the
Senate bill by substituting the House bill, and
follows it with a motion to lay the Senate bill on
the table for the time being, with a view to take
up the House bill. He will reach the object indi-
cated by him in that way.
Mr. WADE. I make that motion.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. One single
word. It is not very material to me which of the
bills is considered first; but perhaps a word of
explanation here will be well enough. When the
House bill was reported back from the Committee
on Public Lands, the Senate bill was under con-
sideration as a special ord-er. Consequently the
House bill took its place on the table, and the bill
and amendment were ordered to be printed. The
Senate bill was considered and left-as unfinished
business. It was before the Senate when this sub-
ject was up before, and, as a matter of course,
came up to-day when my motion prevailed. Be-
fore the Senator from Ohio withdrew his amend-
ment, the Senate bill was before the Senate, with
the House bill offered as an amendmentinlii uofit.
If you postpone the Senate bill now, all the result
will be that the House bill will be before the Sen-
ate, and the Senate bill will bo offered mlteu of it,
as an amendment. So far as I am concerned, it
is not material to me. If it meets the approbation
of other gentlemen to have the other biil up, I
have 110 objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Ohio moves that the Senate biil be postponed,
with a view to take up the House bill. That is
the simple question before the Senate.
Mr. GREEN. There is no practical import-
ance in this question either way. If the House
bill be up, the Senate bill can be moved as an
amendment to it. If the Senate bill be up, the
House bill can be moved as an amendment, and
therefore it is about as broad as it is long. I see
no necessity for this motion.
Mr. WADE. There is this difference, and the
only difference I can see: if we take up the House
bill and pass it, it will not have to go back to the
House. If we pass the Senate bill, it has to go
through the Hduse as a new proposition. That
is the difference.
Mr. GREEN. Tiiat does not touch the point
I was pressing before the Senate. It is this: that
we want to get the sense of the Senate on the pas-
sage of a bill on this subject. If we postpone the
Senate bill, the House bill is not before the Sen-
ate, but the next order standing on the Calendar
will come up for consideration; nnd then it will
require another vote to lay aside that order, and
all other orders of the Senate, before you can bring
up the House biil, unless a majority of the Senate
determine to bring it up at once. As the Senate
bill is now before the Senate, I would prefer that
gentlemenmove the othei as an amendment if they
think it the best bill, and then take the choice of
the Senate between the two; for we come to that
at last. It is known to all Senators, if the House
bill come up, if a majority of the Senate prefer the
Senate bill, they will put the Senate bill upon it
as an-amendmcnt, and it must go back to the
House. Thus, this controversy amounts to noth-
ing. We are playing battle-door. It amounts to
nothing. We can strike the ball either way; but
the result is the same.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am a little surprised that
the Senator from Missouri does not see the point
which was made so clearly by the Senator from
Ohio. A bill has passed the Senate. It is un-
known whetherthe Senate will agree tothe House
bill, or whether it will prefer its own. Suppose it
agrees to the House bill: it is a law, and there is
an end of it. If we take up the House bill, and
pass it, that is an end of it. But suppose we keep
at work on the Senate bill, and the Senate prefers
the House bill, and strikes out the Senate bill, and
substitutes the House bill for it: it is not a law;
it has got to go back to the other House.
Mr. GREEN. It is not 111 either case a law
until the President approves it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am talking about it so
far as Congress is concerned. Does the Senator
mean to intimate that the President is not going
to approve of the homestead bill ? If he makes a
point upon that, that will be another matter; but
so far as Congress is concerned, it will become a
law, if we concur in the bill the House has passed,
as a bill from the House; but if wesubstitute th&
hrU the House has passed, in lieu of the Senate
bill pending before us, we have not enacted any
law; but it has then got to go back to the House,
and be repassed there. Now, it does seem to me
to be a very awkward way of doing business.
Mr. GRiCEN. I think.it very palpable that if
both Houses concur in a bill, it is no law, not
even so far as the two Houses are concerned. It
is a misnomer to denominate-the concurrence of
the two Houses as a law. It is the assent of the
two Houses to a proposition—that is all; and to
call it"a law, to say it is a law qualifiedly, or a
law so far as the two Houses are concerned, is
not speaking in constitutional language.
Again, if we choose to approve the House bill
as an amendment to the Senate bill, it results in-
evitably, by amending their own bill, that it {
back to them. • As a matter of course, it is inevit-
able. Henrc, I say, it is a matter of no conse-
quence whether we lake up the one or the other.
We are wasting time to consider the question. I
am perfectly willing to take up the House bill. I
am perfectly willing to take up the Senate bill.
It is a mere matter of propriety; a matter which
will result in no good or harm either way.
Mr. PUGH. If the question is to be taken
without further debate or opposition, by general
consent, I will not say anything further; but if it
is to be debated, I shall have something further
to say.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The Committee
on Public Lands had both bills before them. The
committee found about five or six points of dif-
ference between the two bills. Those points were
presented to,and considered at some length by,the
committee. If the committee was framed in ac-
cordance with the sentiment which is to be found
in the Senate, the presumption is that the Senate
bill much more truly reflects that which will ob-
tain the sanction of the Senate, than the bill of the
Hbusc does. Under these circumstances, I cer-
tainly have a strong and decided preference that
wo shall take up the Senate bill which is already
framed. As 1 understand it, that bill is now be-
fore the Senate, and the motion is to postpone it.
If wu% postpone the Senate bill, then, if the com-
mittee have reflected in their conclusion the senti-
ment of the Senate atall, the House bill will havo
to be remodeled in many points. It will be a
labor of no little difficulty. The committee them-
selves, in recommending and urging the Senate
bill, which reflected their belief and opinions in
regard to it, know that it will take not a little labor
to convert the House hill into the Senate bill;
whereas, if we take the Senate bill as it is, we can
consider it; the points of difference can be pre-
sented, and, if the Senate chooscs, the House bill
can be inserted as a substitute; butl believe, from
what I luive seen, that the Senate bill will prevail
here much more strongly than the House bill can.
Mr. GREEN. Allow me to inquire whether
the bill, as it was originally passed by the House,
is now before the Senate m any shape, upon the
table, or otherwise?
Mr. PUGH. It is on the Calendar.
Mr. GREEN. Has it not been referred to the
committee ?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. It was referred,
and directed to be reported back by the Senator
from Tennessee, and I suppose has been.
Mr. GREEN. Without amendment?
Mr. TRUMBULL. With an amendment.
Mr. GREEN. Is it proposed to take it up with
the amendment?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. There were no
amendments reported to the House bill.
Mr. COLLAMER. The Senator is mistaken.
The committee reported the Senate bill as a sub-
stitute for the House hill, and it is now presented
with the bill.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. That is the
present condition of it. It is unnecessary, then,
to call the attention of the Senate to the difference
of the points which are to be found in the two
bills.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. As I am against both bills,
I have no preference between them in themselves;
