488
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. It seems to
me*the very fact that the gentleman called the pre-
vious question, as he admits he did, immediately
before sitting down, assumes that he suppose^
there would be objection to the distinct proposi-
tion of voting for a Speaker alone. •
Mr. WINSLOW. If the gentleman will per-
mit me, I will say that that is not true, in point
of fact, as has been stated by me upon the floor
already. '
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. But it did
assume that there would be objection to that dis-
tinct proposition, as every member must see.
Mr. SICKLES. I have not yielded for an
argument.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Not at all. If
that be true, then is it not difficult for us at any
time, when there is another proposition in order
before the House, to move to proceed to the elec-
tion of a Speaker in one form or another? Is it
not, then, within the power of a single individual
to keep this House disorganized forever ?
Mr. SICKLES. I will call the attention of the
gentleman from Maine, Mr. Clerk, to a circum-
stance which will, I think, explain to him fully
the reason why the previous question has been
called on this side of the House in connection with
the motion that we proceed to vote for Speaker.
The previous question was never called on this
side of the House in connection with that motion
until the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Hick-
man] had announced his purpose to press the plu-
rality rule as a condition to the taking of a vote.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania distinctly gave
notice that he would move the plurality rule as an
amendment to any and every proposition for a
vote that should be made; and the verv next tunc
the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Wins-
low j moved for a vote, anticipating that the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, or some one else on the
other side of the House, would propose the plu-
rality rule, he did follow it up with a call for the
previous question. It was under those circum-
stances, as I understand it, that this side have
called for the previous question.
Mr. HICKMAN. Will the gentleman allow
me ?
Mr. SICKLES. If I have misstated the po-
sition of the gentleman, I will.
Mr. HICKMAN. I wish to make this simple
remark. If the resolution which has been offered
this morning by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Hutchins] is so distinctly and clearly out of
order, as everybody upon, that side of the House
seems to apprehend it is, why is it necessary to
call for the previous question to keep out an
amendment which is equally out of order?
Mr. SICKLES. I will answer the gentleman
with pleasure. It was to prevent the. question
being raised as to whether the plurality rule, or
any similar proposition that might ho offered, was
in order or not; it was, sii, that we might cut off
all such questions, and proceed at once to vote
under the majority rule. We did not waive any
question of order by that, still less did we admit
that any and every motion that might be attempted
to be pressed, when the previous question was not
in force, would be in order. But, sir, quite apart
from all that, although I might be willing to con-
cede, for the sake of aigumcnt, that it was notm
the power of an objection to arrest a vote; al-
though 1 might be willing to concede that it would
be competent for.the House at any time to pro-
ceed to a vote; yef it does not follow from that
concession that the plurality rule is in order, or
any other resolution prescribing a peculiar and
unusual mode of proceeding by which to elect a
Speaker. I restate, therefore, sir, my first prop-
osition, and that is, that there is but one resolu-
tion clearly and unmistakably in order and now
before the House—the resolution of the gentleman
from Missouri, [Mr. Clark.] I maintain that
that resolution is pertinent to the question before
the House, even upon the showing of the gentle-
men on the other side. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, the gentleman from Maine, and other
gentlemen, claim that it is not competent for the
House to do anything else than to consider and
proceed with the election of a Speaker. I mam-
tain that the Resolution of the gentleman from
Missouri is directly germane to that question. It
relates to the qualifications of the candidate for
Speaker. Sir, if this House is competent under
the Constitution to judge of the qualifications of
its members, a fortiori, it is competent to judge
of the qualifications of its Speaker, its presiding
officer—a high constitutional functionary.
But, Mr. Clerk, it was not my purpose in rising
to enter so fai into the discussion of this branch
of the question before the House. I have lisen
rather to offer, with rrtuch diffidence, a suggestion
to the House m reference to its organization,
which I consider preferable to the plurality rule.
One of two things, sir, is certain: either a minor-
ity must organize this House under the plurality
rule, or else we must adopt some rule of proceed-
ing in conducting the election, by which it is prac-
ticable to effect a selection by a majority. The
question is, is that practicable? Can it be done?
It has been too often observed, not to be suffi-
: ciently well understood, that the problem of an
organization is to be solved by a very few mem-
bers of this House, who have net as yet indicated
their choice between either of the two great par-
ties represented upon this floor.
We hove two elements here, not largely repre-
sentpd in numbers, to be sure—the southern Oppo-
sition and the anti-Lecompton element. A portion
of the anti-Lecompton element has indicated its
preference between the two great parties upon this
floor. Another portion has not. A portion of the
southern Opposition has already indicated its pref-
erence between the two great parties. Another por-
tion has not. All the members upon this floor,
with the exception perhaps of six or seven,have
voted for the candidates of one or the other two
I great parties; and, sir, the problem of organiza-
I tion will not be solved until those six or seven
members in the southern Opposition, as well as
in the anti-Lecompton organization, shall be pre-
pared to make their choice between the candidate
upon the Republican and the candidate upon the
Democratic side. Under the plurality rule no such
necessity would exist. It would then be possible
for a minority, a mere majority of a quorum, to
elect a Speaker. Without the plurality rule, and
without any rule, it remains utterly impossible to
effect an election, because it will never become
necessary for those half dozen gentleman to take
the responsibility, which no doubt they are reluc-
tant to assume, but which some of them avow
themselves ready to meet whenever the necessity
shall arise.
Now, sir, the resolution which I have reduced
to wuting, and which, before I conclude, I shall
ask to have read for information merely—for I do
not design to press it at this time—proposes that
we shall proceed to a vote mra voce for Speaker;
and if no choice be made upon the first vote, that
then the number of candidates be limited to the
three highest; and if no person, on the next bal-
lot, shall receive a majority, then the number of
candidates shall be limited to the two highest; that
then we shall proceed to make a choice between
those two; and if there should be a tie, we shall
proceed to vote until one or the other of the two
highest upon the second ballot shall receive a ma-
jonty.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would ask the gen-
tleman if his proposition is not, practically, a plu-
rality rule ?
Mr. SICKLES, i think not. Under the plu-
rality rule, it is practicable for less thaft a majority
of a quorum to choose a Speaker. Under my res-
olution, a majority of all present is ncccssary to
a choice.
Mr. HOUSTON. Suppose gentlemen do not
feel disposed to have their candidate taken from
them, and those gentlemen who have scattered
their votes should, after an agreement to the gen-
tleman 's resolution, continue to scatter their votes:
1 would like to know what the effect would be in
that case? Are their votes to be counted, or arc
they not to be counted? You cannot pass a res-
olution which ill make me vote for any man
I do not want to vote for; and therefore, if you
exclude all scattering votes, then the gentleman's
resolution would operate as a plurality rule, and
nothing more. If you do not exclude the scatter-
ing votes, it is acknowledged upon all hands that
we cannot force members to drop their candidate
and vote for the highest, but that they may con-
tinue to vote as they please. Then you are bound
to exclude the scattering votes, or you produce
no result under the resolution.
Mr. SICKLES, I will consider the objections
of the gentleman in the oider in which he has pre-
sented them. I understand them to be two: first,
if the vote is scattered, it amounts, in substance,
to the plurality rule. I answer no; because, atall
events, under the resolution, as the gentleman will
discover when it is read, a majority must be ob-
tained before any one can be chosen. If the votes
shall be scattered, no one would have a majority;
but the resolution, if adopted, will operate as a
ruin of action for the House, and, under it, it
would not be in order or competent for gentlemen
to vote, except according to the rule prescribed by
the House. How far it may be possible to enforce
a rule of the House, I will not now stop to con-
sider; but should the resolution come to be acted
upon, I will be able, I hope, to show that there
will be no practical difficulty in that respect. I
will remark, in passing, that if any gentleman re-
fuses to obey the rule of action laid down by the
House, it would then be for the House to consider
how far it is competent to enforce its own rule of
proceeding. But the gentleman from Alabama
will certainly agree with me that ail of us would
be willing to award cheerful and respectful obedi-
ence to any rule of proceeding prescribed by a
majority of the House which would not deprive
us of any constitutional right.
Mr. HOUSTON. So far as I am concerned,
I would act up to that rule in good faith, should
it be adopted by the House; but I take it for
granted that this House has not the power to say
that, because I vote for a candidate who is not one
of the preferred gentlemen in the resolution, my
vote shall not be counted. There is no power in
this House to direct me as to the member for
whom I shall vote. I have the right to vote for
A or B, whether he is the highest or the losvest
on the list of candidates. The gentleman's res-
olution cannot preclude me from exercising those
rights which the Constitution gives me. I do not
object to his resolution myself, but I look upon it
simply as unavailing. I do not think it would
produce any result.
Mr. SICKLES. Try it.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not believe it would
produce any result, because gentlemen would scat-
ter their votes, and thereby complicate us in an
effort to exclude them from the right of having
their votes counted.
Mr. SICKLES. I invite the gentleman to try
it cind see. Atall events, if it results in an election,
it secures an election by a majority, and it will
be far better than to yield now or at any time to
the plurality rule, under which an inconsiderable
minorityof the House may put upon us a Speaker
obnoxious to the sentiments of an overwhelming
majority, i admit that gentlemen would much
prefer to vote for a man of their own affinities; but
it is plainly true that neither the southern Oppo-
sition nor the anti-Lecompton men can expect
to elect a Speaker of their own political views.
They are too small in numbers, however brilliant
in talent and legislative accomplishments, ever to
look for that. Neither of those parties, therefore,
can have any just expectation of electing aSpeaker.
Then we fi d ourselves in this state of things: no
party is represented upon this floor in sufficient
strength to elect a Speaker by a majority of its
own votes.
Can it be regarded as unreasonable and oppres-
sive, after spending forty days here in trying to
make a choice, that the House should prescribe
a rule of action which would make it necessary
to choose between the two highest candidates ? It
is fair to suppose that gentlemen who have re-
ceived the highest number of votes on a series of
ballotings are more nearly the choice of the House
than any others. It is certain that those whose
votes have been scattered, those identified with
two organizations not numerously represented on
this floor, must sooner or later determine their
preference between the two larger parties. It is a
mere question of time as to when this shall be
done. If, after waiting forty days and more, we
have not yet waited long enough, let us wait longer.
But when it shall be conccded that we have waited,
long enough—in view of the condition of public,
affairs, in view of the attitude of the Government,
in view of the universal solicitude of the people—
for gentlemen to make their choice between the
two great parties, then, I think, the country will
recognize the justice and propriety of adopting
some rule of proceeding which will accomplish
the two great objects: first, the termination of this
interregnum, and second, the election of aSpeaker
by a majority—a Speaker who,'when he takes
