2452
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
ence to the honorable gentleman, let me tell him,
that the State of Illinois, in two short yeai's, built
two thousand miles of railroad.
Mr.' SMITH, of Virginia. In two years?
-Mr/CURTIS. Yes, sir; in two short years,
or in'about that time.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. What roads are
they ? In two years, you say? [Laughter.]
* Mr. CURTIS. In about two years.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I should like to
have the names of those roads.
Mr. CURTIS; I cannot satisfy the gentleman
on that point now. The people of the United
States have built some thirty thousand miles of
railroad in twenty-five or thirty years, and have
done so with very little Government aid. But
now the idea of carrying out a railroad system to
connect the Mississippi valley with California,
which requires, at most, but two thousand miles,
is regarded by gentlemen as a thing impossible
and absurd, especially in the manner proposed in
this bill reported by the committee.
Mr. BARRETT. The people of Illinois have
built over two thousand miles in two years, and
could build four thousand in two years, if they
tried.
Mr. CURTIS. There area great many amend-
ments proposed to the bill which I would be glad
to speak to. If, however, gentlemen entertain
the idea that there is something radically defective
in the bill, or something that can be improved by
its being recommitted, 1 have no earthly objection
to its being recommitted, if power be given to the
committee to report at any time. I know very
well, however, that the condition of affairs m Con-
gress is such that we are very much pressed for
time,and 1 do notwant this measure tobedefeated
on a technical matter of recommitting the bill.
Mr. MILLSON. I desire to correct the gentle-
man from Iowa. I never said that the building
of,this road was an impossibility. I never said
it was visionary; and I only say this now, lest it
might be said that I have altered the report, and
struck something out of my remarks.
Mr. CURTIS. Of course I have no idea that
the honorable gentleman from Virginia would
take back anything he has said; but I did under-
stand the gentleman's argument to be that cither
the bill or the measure was entirely visionary, and
could not succeed.
The plan proposed is precisely the plan that
has succeeded in all the States of the Union. It
is to give certain men an opportunity to go on
and do certain work, of which they xhall have
the profits, and for which they shall be compen-
sated by the Government.
Mr. MILLSON. I do not think I used the word
" visionary." I merely said that 1 thought the
work could not be constructed on any such plan.
Mr. CURTIS. The gentleman from Virginia
qualifies his expression. He says, however, that
he does not suppose the road can be built under
this bill. The gentleman is opposed to all this
matter of a Pacific railroad, or at least he is op-
posed to the Government aiding or assisting it in
any way. Now, I would suggest that he should
not object to a vote on the passage of this bill;
because, if not successful, it will do no harm. 1
do believe that the bill is carefully and cautiously
matured. It was read over, line by line, word by
word, and was canvassed in the committee. I
regret exceedingly that the honorable gentleman
from Maryland [Mr. Davis] did not mature his
own plan, and present it to the committee, of which
he was a member, and secure either its adoption
or rejection before the committee, instead of com-
ing before the House and proposing his amend-
ment.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I am under a pledge to dis-
pose of this bill 
Mr. STANTON. Will the honorable gentle-
man permit me to move an amendment to the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Maryland ?
Me. CURTIS. What is H?
Mr. STANTON. Merely to test the sense of
the House as to what it intends to do. I ask per-
mission to amend the motion of the gentleman
from Maryland by saying, "with instructions to
incorporate a company with power to construct
a railroad from the eastern boundary of Califor-
nia to the Mississippi/'
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I am willing to
ha\e the bill recommitted; but I object to any in-
structions.
Mr. CURTIS. That would not answer the
purpose. It "would be impracticable; and I will
tell you the reason. A railroad to the California
boundary line would take us to the top of the Si-
erra Nevada mountains, and we would then come
to the most difficult part of the construction. We
are compelled to give aid and assistance to sec-
tions of the road in the State of California, if we
are ever to have a Pacific railroad.
Mr. STANTON." If I have the floor, I desire
to M
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The gentleman from
Iowa has the floor, I believe.
Mr. CURTIS. I propose then, that if the mat-
ter be recommitted,the committee shall have leave
to report at any time they may see proper. If
that is agreed to, I have no objection to its being
recommitted.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. And on that I call
the previous question.
Mr. CURRY. I rise to a questioa, which has
precedence over the gentleman's motion.
Mr. CURTIS. I cannot yield.
Mr. CURRY. The gentleman must yield, if
he calls the previous question.
Mr. BRANCH. I rise to a point of order on
the motion of the gentleman from Iowa.
Mr. CURRY. Believing that the Government
has no constitutional power to'build this road, I
am willing to give the gentleman from Iowa a test
vote, by moving to lay the whole subject on the
table; and on that motion I call for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. BRANCH. Did I understand the Chair
to receive the motion of the gentleman from Iowa,
to amend the motion of the gentleman from Mary-
land, by authorizing the committee to report at
any time ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair did
not. It would not be in order, except by the uni-
versal consent of the House.
Mr. BURCH. 1 desire to suggest to the gen-
tleman from Alabama, that a motion to lay upon
the table has already been made and defeated in
the House; and, therefore, if he desires a test ques-
tion, that test has been decided against him, and
I hope he will withdraw the motion to lay upon
the table.
Mr. CURTIS. I insist upon my right to the
floor. . '
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair un-
derstood the gentleman from Iowa to demand the
previous question.
'Mr. CURTIS. I did, and I have the floor for
that purpose, and I cannot yield it.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
will have a right to one hour to close the debate,
after the previous question has been seconded, or
after the mam question has been ordered. That
has been the practice of the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to know upon what
question we are now to vote ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The, first ques-
tion is upon recommitting the bill to the select
committee. If that shall he voted down, the ques-
tion will then be on the amendments in the order
in which they stand r
Mr. REAGAN. I ask the consent of the gen-
tleman from Iowa, and of the House, to offer an
amendment so that it may be recommitted with the
other amendments, and be before the committee.
Mr. CURTIS. I object to any more amend-
ments.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. CLARK li. COCHRANE. What is the
motion? Is it to give the committee leave to re-
port at any time ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. No, sir.
Mr. CLARK B, COCHRANE. I hope that
will be granted. The bill is defective beyond all
question.
Mr. HASKIN. I desire to appeal to the gen-
tleman from Maryland, who made the motion to
commit, to acccpt the amendment proposed by
the chairman of the select committee, giving that
committee leave to report at any time.
Mr. CURRY. I object to debate.
Mr. HASKIN. I hope the gentleman from
Maryland will acccpt the amendment.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. He cannot do it,
except by the unanimous consent of the House.
Mr. CURTIS. Then it will not do to recom-
mit the bill.
The main question was then ordered.
Mr. CURTIS. I will not detain the House a.
moment. All I desire to say is this: that unless
the committee is authorized "to report at any time
I apprehend that if the bill is recommitted it will
be tantamount to its defeat. I should have no
objection to the recommittal if the committee was
authorized to report at any time. I hope thismo-
tion will be voted down, so that I may have an
opportunity to move that the bill be recommitted,
and that the committee have leave to report on
some particular day, or at any time. I hope my
friends all around will see the propriety of vot-
ing down this motion.
Mk STANTON. I submit thatthe committee
can report at any time under a suspension of the
rules.
Mr. CURTIS. I hope that all who even pro-
fess to be friends of a Pacific railroad will vote
against this motion.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I desire to make an
inquiry of the Chair.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Discussion is not
in order.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I have a right to .
ask a question. I desire to know whether the
committee, not having leave to report at any time,
can only do so by a suspension of the rules, re-
quiring a two-thirds vote?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair sup-
poses that it will be in order to suspend the rules
on Monday.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. But they can only
get it in under a suspension of the rules, whicn
requires a two-thirds vote.
Mr. BRANCH. Or when the" committee is
called regularly, under the rules of the House, for
reports.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. The committee will
never be called again, and the bill will be dead.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to make an inquiry.
Do not the rules provide that on every other Mon-
day the committees shall be called for reports of
bills for reference only? and cannot the committee
make the report, under the rules, if we insist on
the regular order of business on Monday, thus -
placing the bill upon the Calendar? I am of the
opinion that the Committee of the Whole is the
proper place for the consideration of a bill of this
magnitude.
Air. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. Is debate
in order?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is not.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. Then I ob-
ject to it.
The question now being on the motion-to re- !
commit the bill to the select committee,
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE demanded the yeas
and nays.
I he yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the alfiiinaUve—yeas 101, liays 87; as follows:
YEAS-—Messrs. Green Adams, Aldrich, William C. An-
derson, Avery, Bark-dale, Barr, liocoek, Bonham, Boteler,
Bonhgny, Boyce, BrabbOir, Branch, Brayton, Bristow,
Burnham, Carey, Horace F. Clark, Clopton, Cobb, John
Cot Inane, Coiwm, Cox, Burton Craige, Crawford, Curry,
II. Winter Davis, Do .Tarnette, Florence, Fouke, Gmnett,
Gaitreil, Giimci, Graham, Hall, Hardeman, J. Morrison
Harris, Jolni T. Harris, Haskui, Hatton, Hoard, Holman,
Houston, William Howard, Hughe*, Hutchins, Jackson,
Jenkins, Jones Kunkel, Landrum, James M. Head), Lo-
gan, Longnecker, Love,xMaclay,Maynard, McQueen, Mc-
ilat3, Miles, Million, Millward, Montgomery, Laban T.
Moore, Sydenham Moore, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris,
Isaac N. Morris, Nelson. Nod!, Pendleton, Peyton, Phelps,
rugh, Quarlcs, Reagan, Riggs, James C. Robinson, llufirn,
Schwartz, Strums, Singleton, William Smith, William N.
H. Smith, Spinner, Stanton, Steven*, James A. Stewart,
William Stewart, Stokes, Tajlor, Thayer, Thomas, Un-
derwood, Valkmdigham, vancc, Walton, Webster, Win-
dom, Wood, and YVright—101.
NAYS—Mi'ssh. Charles F. Adam«, Adrain, Ailen, Al-
ley, Thomas L. Auder.-on, Ashley, Babbitt, Barrett, Bing-
ham, Blair, Blake, Brigg-s, Buttniton, Bureh, Cuilmgnme,
Butterlreid, Campbell, Carter, Case, John B. Clark, Clark
B. Coelnauo, Colfax, Covode, James Craig, Curtis, John
G. Davis, Duell, Dunn, Edgcrton, Edwards, Eliot, Ely,
Etheridge, Farrwwouh, Fenton, Feny, Foster, Frank,
Gooeh, Grow, Gurloy, Hale, Hehnick, ilickman, William
A. Howard, Humphrey, Irvine, Junkm, Francis W. Kel-
logg, William Kc!io;:g> Killnigcr, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee,
Loomi«, Lovcjoy, Mallory, Marston, Charles D. Martin,
MeKean, McPherson, Moorhead, Niblack, Nixon, Peiry,
Pettrt, Potter, Pottle, liice, Christopher Robinson, Uojce,
Sherman. Spauldmg, Stratton, Tappan, Theaker, Tomp-
kins, Trimble, Vandevor, Van Wyek, Verree, Wade, Wal-
dion, Elkliu B. Wabhhurne, Israel Washburn, WeJte,
Woodruff, and Woodson—87.
So the bill was recommitted.
During the roll-call, _ *
Mr. BURCH stated that his colleague, Mr-
