1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1509
Government traffics and speculates in the public
lands, and why should not the people?
In view of these facts, I have looked anxiously
for a change in some shape; and it is with peculiar
gratification that I see that change proposed in the
shape of a homestead bill.
The original bill, as reported to the Senate ifjgjn
the House of Representatives, would receive my
hearty concurrence. But it seems to have been
met by a strong opposition in this body. Our
Committee on Public Lands report it to us altered
in manner and in essence, and it has now been
compressed into the form of a Senate bill, intro-
duced by the Senator from Tennessee [Mr. John-
son.] This bill, while it recognizes the justice of
the general principle, appears to me to lack the
force and vitality of a practical measure.
This I say with all deference to the gentlemen
who have drawn up that proposition in its present
form. They have acted upon their own convic-
tions of propriety, and it may be of expediency;
but I must repeat that, in my judgment at least,
the Senate bill docs not reach the real merits of
the case; that it does not cover the whole ground,
and that it is loaded down with provisions and re-
strictions which will seriously tend to destroy its
efficiency and usefulness before the country.
Some of its restrictions are illiberal, when lib-
erality should be the most distinguishing feature
of such a bill. Some of its provisions would seek
to create a distinction between persons and classes;
when the real purpose of such a bill should be,
to furnish homes for all of our citizens, present
and prospective, who maybe willing to settle upon
the public domain. These objections seem to me
so obvious, that I am extremely desirous that the
Senate should agree to the House bill, or to such
amendments as would bring us back to that origi-
nal proposition. At all events, a full and friendly
discussion should be had upon the merits of the
whole subject. •
I am told that the framers of the Senate hill
anticipated serious difficulties; that they judged it
necessary to attempt a kind of compromise be-
tween the friends and the opponents of the meas-
ure; and that they were compelled to draft their
proposition in this manner, so as to render it
acceptable to all parties. I must confess, that I,
for one, did not expect any considerable resist-
ance to be made. The measure of granting free
homes to actual settlers upon the public lands em-
braces a policy so wise, so just, and so humane, that
I am at a loss to conceive why it should be steadily
and persistently opposed by any loading member
of any party. "Least of ail did 1 suppose that its
defeat would be attempted by a resort to parlia-
mentary legerdemain.
My surprise, therefore, was natural and great,
when the Senator from North Carolina [Mr.Cling-
man] the other day offered the following amend-
ment:
" Strike out. in the first section, the words (to enter one
quarter section of Vacant and unappropriated public lands,
or a quantity equal tiieieto, to be located in a body, m
confonnity with the legal subdivisions of tiie public lands,
and after the same shall have been surveyed,' and insert,
in iieu thereof*' to have issued to him or her, by the Com-
missioner of Public Lands, a warrant for one hundred and
sixty acres of land, to be located in the same manner as
that under which the bounty land warrants heretofore issued
have been located, on any of the public lands of the United
States, subject to entiy, the applicant being required to
make proof, in support of his claim, in such manner and
under such regulations as may he prescribed by the Secre-
tary of the Interior;' so as to make the section read:
"That any person who is the head of a family, and a
citizen of the United States, shall, from and after the pas-
sage of this act, be entitled to have issued to him or her, by
the Commissioner of Public Lands, a warrant," &c.
In his%>occh in defense of this amendment the
Senator told us frankly that he was opposed to
the whole scheme of giving away the public lands.
He could not have laid before us a stronger proof of
his opposition. His amendment is impracticable
upon its face; and its only effect would be to defeat
and destroy all chances of an operative homestead
bill.
The Senator went on to say, that he regarded
the measure of granting homes to the actual set-
tlers upon the public lands in precisely the same
light with a donation of money from the Federal
Treasury. Having assumed this position, he en-
deavored to deduce that we would commit an act
of direct injustice in limiting the benefits of this
grant to those who reside upon the the lands; or,
in other words, in requiring actual settlement and
occupancy as the necessary conditions upon which
the grant shall be made.
Thus, he reasoned that the rights of many cit-
zens would be impaired, because many citizens
might not choose to avail themselves of a general
privilege, common to ail. Sir, if the Senator is
sincere in his position; if he has really stated his
views and his intentions; if he can see in this meas-
ure nothing higher or greater than a mere dona-
tion of money from the Federal Treasury; if he
considers a just and meritorious and expedient
movement as a simple expression of charity; if,
in short, his range of vision is confined to this
near and narrow prospect; then, sir, I must think
that he does not fully understand the principles
involved; then, sir, I must believe that he does
not altogether comprehend the magnitude of the
question; then, sir, I must say, that he'does not
properly appreciate either the causes or the effects
of our proposed policy.
I cannot reply better to the Senator from North
Carolina than by quoting from a spcech delivered
in this body on the 18th of July, 1854, by Hon.
Lewis Cass, then a Senator from Michigan. A
homestead pioposition was before the Senate, and
was being discussed, and a Senator from Louis-
iana, [Mr. Benjamin,] still a member of this body,
urged very nearly the same objection which has
now been presented by the Senator from North
Carolina. In reply to it Mr. Cass spoke. I read
from the Appendix to the Congressional Globe,
Thirty-Third Congress, first session, page ]088:
''The Senator fiom Louisiana seems to consider this
project of granting lands to actual settlers as very unequal
and unjiut, and, 1 might almost say, dishonest. This ob-
jection, whatever force it possesses, is just as applicable to
all preceding giants to actual settlers as to the proposed one,
and, of course, condemn* the lepeated action ot Congress
upon this subject since the foundation of the Government.
But why is it'unjust? I confess I listened to the assertion
with much surprise. It is unjust because all u ill not take
advantage of it. This, to me, is a stiange objection. If a
system of policy is honest, just, and equal m itself, and
constitutional, it is worthy to be adopted, though all may
not be willing to accept the advantages itoflei*. Whateon-
etitutes the justice of &uch a mea^uie is its perfect cqualitj ;
and that equality is not at all affected because there are
men so well situated in life that they do not need the ben-
efits it holds out. Tins lull offers grants of land to every
server, it looks to no distinction. Has. therefore, a wealthy
man in one of the old States a light to say, I ain rich ; I do
not intend to emigrate, and, theieloie, your law is an un-
just one ; because it makes piovision for others which is
of no u<e to me ? Theie is neither reason nor constitutional
principle in such an objection."
Such was the opinion of Lewis Cass; and the
Senator from North Carolina will perceive that
his objection is not only ancient and stale, but
that it comes to us with the weight of a triumph-
ant refutation upon its head. I repudiate entirely
the untenable idea that the grant proposed would
be in any sense a charity. Men in power are
very fond of telling us that " the Government is not
intended to be a mere charitable institution^." Will
they not go a little further, and admit that it is
not intended to be a monopolist and a speculator?
The proposed measure embodies a manifesta-
tion of national justice, of national right, and of
national wisdom. It is the duty of a good Gov-
ernment so to dispose of the public lands—the
property of the whole country—as to promote the
undoubted interests of the whole country.
Here we have the solution of the problem; and
-here we may finally dismiss the mistaken suppo-
sition of charity. In my opinion, this Govern-
ment should acknowledge, formally and officially,
the distinct natural truth, that the wild,unculti-
vated lands of the nation belong;, and of right
ought to belong, to him who resides upon them,
subdues them,"and cultivates them. It is but a
common principle in equity to which we arc giving
expression.
The adoption of a wise and liberal homestead
bill by Congress would be a virtual abolition of all
landed monopoly within the United States,whether
sucn monopoly be practiced by the Government
itself, or by any of its citizens. I need scarcely
remind the Senate that the monopoly of land by
the few as against the many, and the parceling out
of public domains in immense tracts among venal
courtiers, have been, all over the world, the most
powerful auxiliaries of absolute and despotic
power. Thus the monarchies and aristocracies of
all ages have been enabled to hold the masses sub-
ject to their will; thus millions of the human fam-
ily have been reduced to penury and degradation,
because they were deprived of the right to earn
their subsistence from the common earth, which
was intended alike for the rich and for the poor.
Ireland, with her great mass of population, having
scarcely the means of life, and depending for daily
bread upon soulless and haughty aristocrats—Ire-
land, the masses of whose people are not masters
of ground enough to stand upon—has been fre-
quently cited as an instance of that cruel injus-
tice which must always result/rom great landed
monopolies. Out of her six million inhabitants,
not more thag one in every six thousand is the
owner of even an mcfi of land, or has any legal
right to earn his subsistence from the soil. Here
I point to a most indisputable record.
Our present land system has a direct tendency
to increase the spirit of monopoly and speculation,
by putting up large tracts of land at public auc-
tion, and inviting the capitalist to purchase as
much of the national domain as he may desire.
This practice, if tolerated, may yet become a fruit-
ful source of misery and oppression even iw our
own free and enlightened country. Even now, with
all our vast expanse of territory, labor is out-
weighed by capital, and the rights of the settler
are but slightly regarded when brought into com-
parison with the money of the speculator. Thus
far, the course of the Government has been in a
wrong direction, and the sooner it is changed the
better. For my part, I amSlearly of the convic-
tion that it should adopt a policy far older than
the nation itself, and decree that " tjae land shall
be sold no more forever." I would wish the Gov-
ernment, in its humanity and in its wisdom, to
ordain that " the people go and inherit the land,"
and that the public domain should be granted in
limited quantities, to every man who is anxious
to earn an honorable living by the cultivation of
the soil. I would have Congress, m its home-
stead bill, address itself to the laboring masses
of the country; to those who are so often crushed
down by the cruel and unequal conflict between
capital and labor; to the poor man, who earns his
bread from day to day by the sweat of his brow;
to him who feeds upon the uncertain crumbs
which fall from the rich man's table: to these, I
repeat, I would have this proposition addressed.
I would have the Government say to these per-
sons, "there is yet a1 vast unsettled domain for
your occupancy; take it, live on it, inherit it, cul-
tivate it, and it shall bo yours forever." "And
when," as was said by a distinguished member
of the House of Representatives a few years ago,
" the poor man is put in possession of his por-
tion of this vast domain, and is secured by the
strong arm of the Government in the enjoyment
of a home from which not he nor his wife nor his
children can be driven, then is he raised above
poverty, not onlv in his possession of the land,
but still more by the virtues which he cultivates
in his heart whilst he tills the soil. Then, too,
he no longer ministers to the undue accumulation
of wealth by others, as he did when advantage was
taken of his homeless condition, and he was com-
pelled to serve for what he could get."
Sir, my objections were against the Senate bill.
I supposed, from the course which has been here-
tofore taken, that it would come up to-day, and
had intended to offer some amendments, for the .
purpose of removing its objectionable features.
In the first place, the Senate bill excludes from
the benefit of its provisions all young, unmarried
men; it is expressly confined to heads of families.
I do not understand why a bill of this description
should be less broad in its application than the
present preemption laws. I do not recognizc the
propriety of abolishing one evil for the mere pur-
pose of substituting another. I certainly regard
it as very unwise, and, I might say, unjust, to
exclude all unmarried men from the benefits of
such a bill. As the Senate bill now stands, they
arc entirely cut off fiom all its advantages. The
effect of this provision, taken in connection with
the clause limiting the operations of the bill to
lands subject to private entry, would be to shut
out entirely the early settlers; those who go first
into the unpeopled West, and reserve its benefits
in-store for the multitudes that may flock in after
the toils and dangers and inconveniences of pio-
neer life have passed away. Such a restriction
would be maiked by the most decided impropri-
ety and manifest unfairness; and 1 was surprised
to hear the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Pugh,] a
western man, advocate the Senate bill for this
very reason.
The men who emigrate in youth to the western
country, to build up for themselves a fortune and a
reputation, are the men of all others to whom the
most liberal provisions of this act should apply.
We need their services. They are,'in plain fact,
