68
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 6,
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Organization of the House—Mr. Miles.
Ho. of Reps.
House ? They are the wedge that prevents the
coming together and coalescing of the elements
that would be sufficient to effect an organization;
that little wedge removed, and the attainment of
our common purpose can be effected. Now, is it
not the part of magnanimity and patriotism in
those gentlemen to come forward and throw aside
the consideration of their personal grievances and
their personal wrongs—ifthey have suffered wrong
—and do that which will commend them to the
approbation of ail good men? Is there any class
of their fellow-citizens who would blame them
for that act? Is there any party throughout the
length and breadth of the country that could justly
say that they had been false to any of their pro-
fessions or recreant to any of their pledges ? Some
of them have been elected to seats in this'House,
as I understand, upon the simple question of'' op-
position to the Administration;" and there is a
feeling amounting almost to bitter personal hos-
tility between them and the Administration. But
I ask them whether, in effecting the organization
of this House—in providing for the payment of
debts for which the honor and good faith of the
country are pledged—they will allow such mo-
tives as these to influence them ?
I am a little puzzled, I confess, at the attitude
of soroe of these gentlemen. Either they are in a
very vacillating and uncertain frame of mind—
constantly in doubt as to which way they should
go—or else having arrived at a determination they
conceal it from motives of reticence that seem to
me as unwise as they are unmanly, t say it is
unmanly for any gentleman of the House, at such
a time as this, to refuse to announce his principles
Or to communicate what are his intentions or
wishes with reference to its organization. Why
should not these gentlemen at once inform this
House what course they will puisue? If they
desire to show distinctly, openly, and fearlessly,
that they have not deserted their principles, are
not disposed to follow the evil example of those
ofthoir onginalassociates who have already gone
over to the Black Republican party, let them come
forward now, 1 again repeat, and show their faith
by their works. Let them cast theirvotcs in the
only practicable manner m which they can be
made effective against the Republican party, by
voting for some one who can be elected over the
Republican nominee.
Now, sir, with reference to the gentlemen of
the southern Opposition 1 have only this to say,
that, while I think the anti-Lecompton gentlemen
are those who should take the first step m a move
toward us, still I think lhat they, the southern
Opposition, should show their magnanimity, man-
liness, and patriotic spirit, by acting for themselves
independently of the action of any other party or
set, and in such a way as to defeat our common
enemy. If they ;u e willing at some time to vote
for us, why not do it now? What is gained by
delay? It appears to me nothing under heaven
but the mere saving of party prule; and f ask
them whether they are not willing to sacrifice that
feeling of party pride to attain so great a good as
the exclusion of a Black Republican mdorser of
Helper from a seat m that chair ?
Now, Mr. Clerk, I have made the remarks
which i proposed doing yesterday. 1 did not in-
tend, as I said, to make a long speech. I do not
know what effect these suggestions may have. I
have little reason to hope that they will have any
more influence than others which have been urged
much more forcibly and ably. But believing it to
be our first and imperative duty to try every hon-
orable mode of defeating the election of the Black
Republican nominee for the Spoakciship, by en-
deavoring to combine ail the elements which pro-
fess undying opposition to him and to his party,
I have thrown out hastily these icmarks, and let
them go for what they are worth.
But, sir, I have another thing to say. Suppose
thisanu-Lecompton quintette still persist m occu-
pying their isolated position. Suppose the southern
Opposition still keep aloof from us, and that no
effective coalition caivbe formed; then I have this
proposition to make, and I ask the attention of the
Bouse while i make it; because I do so in perfect
good faith, and with perfect earnestness and sin-
cerity. If, after being here for weary weeks, we
find it utterly impossible, to organize this House,
why should we not follow the example of our
I
brethren in England ? Let us 4' appeal to the coun-
try." We profess to represent the sentiments of
our constituents; we profess to come here em-
bodying their views and their convictions on all
the great questions that divide the country. Now,
sir, either we do or we do not. There is no better
time than this to test that question. There is no
more effectual mode of doing it than by " a gen-
eral election.'' Let us have " a dissolution of Par-
liament;" let us " take the sense of the country."
The people of the entire country are more aroused
at this particular time to the importance of the
great issues of the day than they have been at any
previous period in our history.
And, sir, let me say just here to gentlemen of
the other side that they greatly underrate, alto-
gether underrate, the profound state of excitement
now existing at the South. We arc in a state of
convulsion. It matters not to argue whether we
ought or ought not to be; whether we be so with
much or with little reason. I am speaking of facts.
I am speaking what I know, solemnly know, to be
true. It is useless, then, gentlemen, to attempt to
ignore the fact that the greatmass of the southern
people are now in a state of terrible indignation
and tremendous cxcitemcnt. If that fact cannot
be demonstrated it is impossible to prove anything
by human testimony.
Our position is simply this: that the southern
States, being the sole judges of what is best for
their own interests, and for their own peace and
security, can, whenever they choose, take their
destinies into their own hands. We do not in-
tend, therefore, to indulge in any " bluster or bra-
vado" as to what we can do m the event of a dis-
ruption of the Union. That is a matter that
declamation, menace, rhetorical nourishes, even
sober argument, will throw very little light upon;
it will have to be submitted to the stern arbitra-
ment of arms. 1 say that, because I believe that
will be inevitable; not because the South would,
in rase she thought proper (in accordance with
her constitutional right) to retire from this Con-
federacy, desire to make war upon the North; but
because we are constantly warned that, in such
an event, the North would make war upon us.
Yes, sir, we are told that if we attempt to exer-
cise our undoubted right to withdraw from this
Go\ eminent,m which, assoMueign States, we are
peers and equals, we will be treated as revolted
provinces, and subjugated by force o farms! Well,
sir, the South is arming; and if she be not allowed
to secede in peace, she will do it at the cost of
war. She is the sole judge of the reasons which
shall justify her and the time when it will be ex-
pedient for her to break her connection with her
northern co-States.
But, sir, there are those, even at the South, who
deny t he right of peaceable secession, and contend
that theie is no lomcdv for mtoleiable ills aris-
ing in this voluntary Confederation of sovereign
Slates short of foieibie revolution. Well, m the
present condition of things, T will not nicely refine
with those who are ready for action. Call it then
revolution. Practically, it will be that. If we
cannot agree on the constitutional right of seces-
sion, we can on the inalienable right of revolution.
Our forefathers exercised it in 3776, as their fore-
fathers did in 1688. Both of those great events
arc honored land-marks in the history of our race.
I have said that the South, if compelled to dis-
solve this Confederacy, must be prepared for war;
not because she would seek it, but because the
North perpetually declares, lhat if the South does
venture to take such a step, the North will not
allow her to do it peaceably. And we have been
told that the population of the North is too much
superior to that of the South to allow us to hope
that we could be successful. I do not wish to be
diverted into any long argument upon that sub-
ject, but I will simply throw out tins suggestion
to northern men who make the threat: If your
eighteen million did overrun our soil, inhabited
by but eight million; if you did carry fire and
sword with you; if you did deluge our*land with
blood, burn down our habitations, destroy our
property, and devastate our fields, you would still
find your work had only begun. "Why, sir, the
British overran the soil of my State in the Revo-
lution. Did they hold it? No, sir; no power
upon earth can hold m subjection by military force
any considerable portion of the Anglo-Saxon race.
The thing is simply an absurdity. Overrun our
territory and hold us as subject provinces! Would
you have a standing army at the South to hold
us in subjection? Would you plant a chain of
garrisons from one end of our territory to the
other, in order to overawe our people ? How pre-
posterous ! Do you suppose that the southern
States can be held in subjection as Lombardy and
Vcnetia have been held by Austria? I put it to
any man of common sense, whether ho supposes
it possible that the States at the South, with the
number of troops which they can at once place in
the field, with ample and fertile territory to raise
supplies for them, could be subdued and over-
whelmed by any force which theNorth mightsend
againp them? I ask any sensible man whether
he believes it possible "to whip" those States, as
the Courier and Enquirer of New York loves to
express it—to whip those States "back into the
Union ?" This is a pertinent query, and the North
must ponder gravely, calculate accurately, and
weigh the matter carefully, before she answers it.
My colleague the other day, [Mr. Boyck,] in
an admirable speech which he delivered on this
floor, endeavored to reduce the thing to a calcula-
tion of dollars and ceft<$. I do not know how
accurately that calculation may have been made;
but without ciphering it out, does not every prac-
tical man at the North see that the thing " will
not pay?" If you were to attempt to subdue the
South, in the first place it would lead to a war so
bloody, so terrible, that the parallel of it has never
yet blotted the page of history. Do you not sec
that it would be a war of extermination, or that
you must soon abandon your attempt and come
to terms of peace and settlement such as would be
acceptable to the South? Do any of you believe
seriously that if the southern States were to secede
from this Union, and you were to send an armed
force to " whip" them, do you really believe
that if you succeeded in doing so (admitting that
it might done temporarily by overwhelmingly
superior numbers) that we would stay whipped?
Is that characteristic of the Anglo-Saxon race?
No, sir; they never stay whipped.
But I believe that the South is impregnable to
any power which may be sent against her. I have
no fear or apprehension of any such result as that
which the gallant and wailike editor of the Courier
and Enquirer so confidently predicts. But 1 do
think it is very proper at this time to throw out
to the consideration of candid and thinking men
some such reflections as those I have just ex-
pressed. Gentlemen are too apt to talk about a
dissolution of the Union as a thing so impossible
or so improbable that they dismiss it with a smile
or a sneer! But wise men cannot so easily dis-
miss it. Sir, is a revolution—the determination
of a people to change their form of government,
to throw off the power of their rulers and assume
some, other form of government or a different set
of rulers: is that a thing either unprecedented or
even rare ? Does not the history of our own coun-
try and the history of our mother country prove
that it is by no means impossible, even under
greater disadvantages than those under which you
yourselves deem that the South labors? Why,
then, should we suppose this Government an ex-
ception to every other government which has ever
existed ? Is it impossible to have another revolu-
tion in this country ? "Revolutions, "in truth, only
arise among elevated and civilized races. With
inferior races they are mere insurrections, having
no informing idea; vague, purposeless, and easily
suppressed. Revolutions arise when a spirited
people who feel the oppressions of their govern-
ment are willing not "to bear the ills they have,"
but "to fly to others that they know not of,"
rather than submit to misrule and injustice.
I am amazed when I see men—men who arc
dccmcdhoncst and patriotic—attempt to treat this
great question of disunion or revolution with flip-
pancy, as if it were not worthy of serious thought
or consideration. I have been trained in a school
of politics accustomed to investigate first prin-
ciples, and deduce conclusions by logical argu-
ments from those principles. I belong to a party
which is not to be satisfied with high-sounding
names, and words, stnd party rallying cries, and
empty declamations about " this glorious Union!"
They have no more influence, in times of excite-
ment, when the political atmosphere is charged
