70
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 10,
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Territorial Policy—Mr. Green.
Senate.
seemingly acceptablc on its facc, this is one of that
description. There ia something plausible and
something flattering to the American mind in the
very term of popular sovereigntybut, when
traced to its legitimate consequences, when exam-
ined with reference to the history of the country,
and when sought to be conferred upon a few set-
tlors upon a domain owned in common by thirty-
three States, wc shall find that it is fraught with
danger from beginning to end.
What is "popular sovereignty ?" It is a doc-
trine which tcaches that the people of a Territory,
like those of a State, have the inherent right to
legislate, directly or indirectly, upon all subjects
that a State government ancl a member of the
Union can rightfully legislate upon; without a
constitution, save the organic act; without limita-
tion, except so far as the organic act can limit, it
makes them complete sovereigns; while, at the
same time, they admit that sovereignty is right-
fully denied. Thus the friends and advocates of
this doctrine involve themselves in what, to my
mind, appear to be contrary propositions. First,
they call it " popular sovereignty;" and yet, when
pushed by argument, they say sovereignty is not
claimed for the Territories. They call it"popular
sovereignty;" and yet, when pressed, concede that
it is not popular sovereignty, but claim that it is
the sovereignty of the territorial government. I in-
tend to demonstrate, in the course of my remarks,
that there is a vast difference between a genuine
popular sovereignty and the sovereignty of a ter-
ritorial government. These two contradictions
present themselves to every one who investigates
the subject. Popular sovereignty is a more catch-
phrase, used in a case where sovereignty, in any
of its phases, is positively repudiated. They call
itk< popular sovereignty, "ana yet the whole power
they claim as being an attribute of sovereignty, is
to be exercised, not by the people, but by the gov-
ernment Congress creates. No government created,
and limited,uy Congress or by Louis Napoleon
or by Alexander of Russia, can be called a" pop-
ular sovereignty," in the sense attached to that
phrase by the people of this country; especially
so, when the right to repeal the grant and anni-
hilate the government at pleasure is retained by
the creating power. Such a sovereignty—a sov-
ereignty heki at the will and pleasure of another
power—is the direct opposite of thai popular sov-
ereignty upon which the Federal and State gov-
ernments rest for support and control.
I sincerely regret that the subject has been in-
troduced. It can do harm, serious harm, not be-
cause there is any great danger of its being adopted
as the fixed policy of this Government ;but because
it presents a bone of contention calculated to warm
up the feelings of friends, and separate those who
ought to be associated toother in a common con-
flict at a moment of national peril. There are
dangers of a serious character staring us m the
face. There js an enemy stiiking at the institu-
tions of a large number of the States, and thus
endangering the stability of the Government; this
enemy is getting up a furor of feeling and of fa-
naticism, which even those who have stirred the
storm can neither control nor cheek. If it be con-
tinued, if it be increased, if it progresses in the
future as it has in the past, the Government rtself
cannot survive. It therefore ought to behoove all
who desire to preserve our Government in Us in-
tegrity not to uring up abstractions; not to bring
up questions, and press them upon us in the pres-
ent distracted condition of the country, unless
they are absolutely necessary to the maintenance
of the general peace or the preservation of com-
mon interests. Leave them until we shall have
rid ourselves of present difficulty. While the ship
of State is in the storm, while bieakcrs arc threat-
ening to overwhelm us, let all hands manfully
work until the ship shall once more ride upon the
smooth surface of a summer sea. Then, in the
presence of safety and of peace, if any question
remains, bring all hands on deck, and whatever
the ^ood of the country or the peace of society
requires witlun the province of congressional ac-
tion, we will settle. It ought not in this moment
of alarm and distrust to have been thrust upon
us; but being here, and embodying error, and
an effort having been made to influence public
sentiment in its favor, it is our plain duty not to
peYmit it to pass without a proper correction.
That correction will bo attempted in that spirit
which dictates peace and good will; in that spirit
which becomes brethren of the same political party.
I would not alienate nor wound one sincere friend
of the constitution of my country, but shall sed-
uously labor to merely correct what I deem to be
important constitutional error. For I desire to
contribute to the restoration of harmony, not to
create discord, in the ranks of the Democratic
party, firmly believing that on the supremacy of
that party the prosperity and perpetuity of this
Government chiefly depend.
This dogma was first prominently introduced
to the notice of the country at Freeport, in the
State of Illinois, by the distinguished Senator from
that State, [Mr. Douglas.] Up to that time the
Democratic party was a unit on this subject. No
man, since the decision of the " Dred Scott" case,
had even intimated that there was any power in
the Territory, or in Congress, to prohibit slavery
therein. Before the Dred Scott decision I know
there was a difference of opinion. Southern men
held to one view of the subject, and northern men
held to another; but both agreed, by compact, by
solemn asseverations, that they would abide by
the decision that should be rendered by the Su-
preme Court. That decision was made, and after
its rendition, in 1857, not one single Democrat,
nor one single Republican, (for they hayo never
claimed that power except as a derivative power
from the organic act,) no one claimed that the
power existed to prohibit slavery in the Terri-
tories.
The Senator from Illinois, however, m answer
to a question publicly propounded to him, re-
marked that the people of a Territory could, by
legal measures, exclude slavery therefrom. Most
of his friends throughout the tJnion paid, at that
time, but little attention to it. They were aware
of the fact that he was in the midst of a heated
contest, and they supposed then that it was a
mere accidental expression, not matured and not
intended to have the full bearing which has been
subsequently developed. As such, they were dis-
posed to let it pass. How frequently do we wit-
ness , even in this Chamber, unguarded expressions
calculated to do harm if they were permitted to
be received as the matured judgment and settled
convictions and feelings of those who give them
utterance. So with the Senator at Freepoit. We
looked upon it as an unconsidered expression,
uttered in the ardor of debate.
After the canvass in Illinois, we hoped it would
be buried in oblivion; we hoped it would never
be thrown as an apple of discord on the council-
table of our party; but at the last session it was
brought up and briefly discussed. Wc were even
then disposed to let it rest and sleep forever. Be-
cause, so far as the question itself was concerned,
I and others believed that it had been success-
fully met, and that the public mind might well
be intrusted with its decision. But since that time
the public haw had forced on it essay after essay,
argument after argument, and now the Senator
from Ohio brings it up again in this body and
makes an able and most ingenious speech in its
support. All of this is to be thrown in to flood, not
simply the State of Missouri, but all the south-
ern as well as the northern States of this Union.
By it public sentiment is to be prejudiced. That
effort ought to be, and must be counteracted. One
matter, liowcver, is very observable, and it is
worthy of particular notice. Up to the adjourn-
ment of the last session of Congress the power to
prohibit slavery in the Territories was claimedas
an end to be accomplished by indirect means. Not
j a soul, including the Senator from Illinois and the
j Senator from Ohio, asserted, (up to the end of
j the last session,) so far as my recollection serves
j me, that they could, by a direct prohibitory act,
■ exclude slavery from a Territory,
j Mr. PUGH. The Senator is mistaken. That
I is precisely what I said on the 23d February.
| Mr. GREEN, The Senator from Illinois did
! not. It was by indirect means; it was by what
i was then called "unfriendly legislation" that he
| said it could be done; and when asked to explain
; what was meant by " unfriendly legislation," he
! said it was discriminating taxation. The coun-
try knows that this was the manner in which the
question was then stated. It was by " unfriendly
legislation," it was by " discriminating taxation5'
that slavery might be excluded from a Territory;
and we were asked, if the Territory should discrim-
inate, where was the power to control the Terri-
tory ? It was on that point, and that alone, that
I called it an effort to accomplish by indirect means
that which could not be done by a direct act. That
is now given up. It is well given up; for I find,
on examining the Oregon ana Washington terri-
torial bills, a clause that reads after this fashion.
I read from the Oregon bill passed in 1848, and the
Washington territorial bill passed in 1853—both
drawn, reported, advocated, and sustained by the
Senator from Illinois. After various limitations
on the power of the territorial government, each
of those acts says:
" Nor shall such Legislative Assembly authorize the issue
of any obligation, scrip, or evidence of debt of said Tcru-
tory, m any mode or manner whatever, except certificates
for services to said Temtory; and all such laws, or any
law or laws inconsistent with the piovisionsof this act,
shall be utterly null and void. All taxes shall be equal and
uniform ; and no distinction shall be made in the assess-
ments between different kinds ol' property, but the assess-
ment shall be according to the value thereof."
I should like to know how any power to dis-
criminate can be exercised by the people of a Ter-
ritory, under the stringent rule provided in those
acts. Several reflections necessarily spring up
while considering this matter. First,, the taxing
power of a Territory is admitted to be subject to
the supervision and control of Congress. It has
been thus admitted and exercised in every terri-
toriahbill from the origin of the Government down
to the present period of time. I mention this be-
cause it is useless to stop to construe what the
Kansas-Nebraska bill means. I say it isuselcss;
for if unguardedly, or from some motive of expe-
diency, greater power has at any time been given
to them, and they should be found abusing that
power by indulging in unfriendly acts of legisla-
tion towards any citizen of this Union, it would
be the duty of Congress to interpose and restrain
them according to the Constitution and the rights
of the people. As long as we have the acknowl-
edged power to repeal, as long as wc have the con-
ceded power of amendment—and that power con-
tinues as long as the territorial condition remains
—it is useless to stop and inquire over the con-
struction of a particular act that has been passed;
it is idle to speculate upon the extent of the power
that the Territory may exercise; because, if we
have given them too much, or if they have been
a disobedient and disloyal people and have abused
their power, or if they have exercised it to the
wrongful destruction of any individual's right,
then Congress may, and ought promptly, to in-
terpose and apply the necessary corrective. Such
interference is ooth a right ancl a duty, often ex-
ercised and never denied.
But, let it be remembered, this taxing power is
derived from Congress, not from the settlers on
the common domain; it is limited by Congress,
not by the squatters; and even the Nebraska-
Kansas act itself, conceding and assuming the
power of Congress, says:
"Nor shall the property of non-residents be taxed higher
than tne properly of residents.''
This dictates a rule to be obeyed by the squat-
tors, instead of conceding the existence in them
of inherent sovereignty. When their hands are
tied by a legislative act of Congress, and man-
acles are placed upon them, is that any evidence
or indication ofk' popular sovereignty ?" It sim-
ply proves that they have no sovereignty; that
they have no power except so far as it is deriva-
tive power; and, so far as Congress chooses to
confer it upon them, and no further, do they pos-
sess the power; for if Congress can lestrain them
and say, "You shall not tax the property even
within your own limits, belonging to a non-resi-
dent, any higher than you tax the property of a
resident," they can impose such other restraints
and additional guards as they may deem the pub-
lic good to require. I think this is so plain that
I shall not dwell on it any longer.
Henco it will be observed that the mode of in-
direct accomplishment of prohibition of slavery,
through the process of taxation, and against the
wishes of the thirty-three owners of the Territory,
by representatives iu Congress assembled, must
be given up; it is clearly untenable.
Mr. PUGH. Will the Senator allow me to
make a sucrsrestion ?
