I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
71
36tii Cong.... 1st Sess.
Territorial Policy—Mr. Green.
Senate.
Mr. GREEN. Certainly.
Mr. PUGrH. I understand him to say that the
provision in the territorial act forbidding the Ter-
ritorial Legislature to levy a higher tax on the
property of non-residents than on the property of
residents is inconsistent with the idea of their ex-
ercising independent legislative power. I wish to
call his attention to the fact that every act admit-
ting a new State has the very same provision, and
among others the act admitting Kansas, which he
himself reported to the Senate; Ihaveitheie. Not
a new State has been admitted without the very
same provision.
Mr. GREEN. Because every new State has
it in her own constitution as a voluntary act.
Mr. PIJGH. But it is put there as a stipula-
tion between the Government of the United States
and the State.
Mr. GREEN. Certainly;and that proves my
position exactly as I wanted it. Congress, at that
time, gives its assent to the sovereignty of the
State; and we have a right when we give the as-
sent to impose conditions not inconsistent with
the Constitution of the United States; butif these
restraints are imposed before we give that assent
to the sovereignty, it proves that squatters have
110 sovereignty. Is the gentleman satisfied ? There
qan be no sovereignty in any local government crea-
ted according to the principles and policy of this
American Union, without the assent of Congress
given before or after the formation of the constitu-
tion. There never has been; there never can be;
and it is a solecism to make the assertion. It is
as much as to say a " man boy," a " colt horse."
They are just as inconsistent; just as impossible;
the one is the opposite of the other. To say they
are sovereign, and yet not sovereign, to say it is
popular sovereignty, and yet not excrcis^S by the
populace—both are contradictions; neitacr can be
regarded as statesmanlike truths.
But since the adjournment of the last session of
Congress, the bold and broad ground is taken that
a Territory has as much right to legislate on the
subject of slavery, and m the same manner and
to the same extent, as Pennsylvania. This is the
language of the Harper's Magazine article. Itis
not necessary to read it. It will be recollected by
all who have read that article, that the power of
legislation possessed by a Territory is claimed to
be as complete, as unlimited, and as plenary, as
the legislative power possessed by the State of
Pennsylvania, it is known that the State of Penn-
sylvania can, by a direct act, provide for the ex-
tinction of slavery. Let me ask, then, one ques-
tion, and I ask it to present the matter to the minds
of Senators and the people for consideration: If
the honorable Senator from Illinois had believed,
when at Freeport, hard pressed by an ingenious
and able advocate, when in the midst of a Repub-
lican population in the northern part of the State,
where, doubtless, like most politicians, he was
anxious to make as many friends as possible; if
he had believed then that a Territory had power
to exclude slavery by an act as direct as Pennsyl-
vania could lawfully pass, and the question had
been put to him by Mr. Lincoln, " Can a Terri-
tory prohibit slaverywould he not have said,
" Yes, the same power that Pennsylvania has;''
but, instead of thus answering, he said, " Yes, by
'unfriendly legislation,' by taxation." Evidently
a change has come over the spirit of his dream,
and instead of its being a great principle for which
he has been laboring for ten years, the doctrine he
now holds is probably but an afterthought occur-
ring to him within less than one.
I remarked that prior to the Dred Scottdecision,
in 1857, there was a difference of opinion as to
what were the rights of the North and South under
the Kansas bill. It was agreed to be submitted
to the court, and I will show the manner in which
the distinguished Senator from Illinois andanother
expressed themselves on the subject at that time.
On the 2d of July, 1856, the Senator from Illinois
said in the Senate:
a My opinion in regard to the question which my col-
league is trying to raise here, has been well known to the
Senate for years, it has been lepeated over and overagain.
He tried the other day—as those associated with him on the
stump used to do two yea>«? ago, and last year—to ascertain
what weiu my opinions on this? point m the Nebraska lull.
I told them it was a judicial question. This would notsuit
them. Why? Their*object was to get me to express a judg-
ment, so that they could charge me with having urged a
different view at home, though f had expressed the same
opinion here pending that question, and though I had pre-
viously many tunes avowed the same thing. My answer
then was, and now is, that if the Constitution carries sla-
very theie, let it go, and no power on earth can take It away;
but it the Constitution does not carry it there, no power but
the people can cany ittheie."—Jlppcndix to Congressional
Globej Thirty-Fourth, Congress, first session, page 797.
In the same debate, on the same day, the pres-
ent Secretary of State, then Senator from Mich-
igan, said:
" Mr. Cass. I have heard this subject mentioned repeat-
edly, but I never took any notice ot It before. It is paid
theie is a difference of construction between the North and
the South on the Kansas-Nebraska act. Necessarily it must
be so; and if the honorable gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Trumbull] could not see that, he was not able to see veiy
far into this millstone. Those who believe thatslaveiy
goes to the Territories under the Constitution, proprio
vi$ore, of course believe that no power is given to the Leg-
islature to prohibit slavery ; but those who believe, as I do,
that there is no such constitutional provision, believe, of
course, that the Territorial Legislature has the power to
legislate on this, a* on any other subject. The difference
does not result from the words of that bill, but from the
nature of things. The North and the South construe the
Constitution differently. 'J"he South consider that the Con-
stitution gives them the right ot carrying their slaves any-
where in the Territories. If they are right, you can give no
power to the Territorial Legislature tointeifere with them.
The major pan of the North believe that the Constitution
secures no such right to the South. They believe, of eouise^
that power is given to the Legislature.5"'—Ibid.
This was in 185G, before the rendition of the
judgment of the Supreme Court. Then, with
clearness, both the Senators declared there was a
difference of opinion between sections, but that,
when the judgment should be pronounced,all must
acquiesce; and that, if it should be determined in
favor of the South, there was no power in a Ter-
ritorial Legislature to exclude slavery in any man-
ner whatever, either dircctlv or indirectly. This
was the position taken by ti-eneral Cass and by
Judge Douglas at that tune. It was, then, to be
a judicial question; and after all the argument that
I have heard, and all the labored essays which 1
have read, the question, in the opinion of the Sen-
ator from Olio, remains the same. He says that
there is still another question to decide, to wit:
can the Tenitory prohibit it ? And that he is will-
ing to trust to the court; that it is a judicial ques-
tion, and it is not worth wlnle to quarrel about it.
If the Senator from Illinois had simply taken
that position throughout all this controversy, this
discussion would not have arisen. If a willing-
ness to trust the decision of this question with the
courts of tfy) country had been accompanied by
an unwillingness to array the country upon one
side of the question, peace and unity would ere
this have b'vn restored to the Democratic party.
The flooding the nation with essays and speeches
looks like an effort to prejudice the public mind.
Sir, if you expect the court to decide that ease, I
consider it wrong to labor to prejudge it in the
public mind. You will do what was done with
regard to the Dred Scott case. There public senti-
ment was so prejudiced—public feeling so aroused,
that, when the judgment was pronouncpd, and
pronounced against their preconceived opinions,
they at once said, 4' The court is not to be trusted,
and we will institute a process by which wo will
throw out this court," as the Senator from New
York said, "and bring in another court." Now
a similar process, with regard to this question,
is being proceeded with; and if it have the same
effect on the public mind; if it have the same bane-
ful influence on northern feeling, when the judg-
ment is pronounced, as it must be pronounced, m
conformity with the decision already rendered,
we shall hear another cry of indignation against
the courts of the land, and thus additional aid will
fall in to assist the Senator from New York in
bringing down the judicial tribunal created by the
Constitution. If it be a judicial question, and if
we are all disposed to abide by the judgment that
may be rendered by the Supreme Court, then there
ought never to have been any popular appeals on !
the subject. There must be something beside a i
willingness to trust the court, else these appeals i
to the public judgment need not to have been
made. Has it not already been determined? I shall
read a few extracts from the decision. I do it in
order to have them published in 'my speech in a
simple form for the use of my constituents. The
court says, at pages 54, 55, and 5G of the decision:
<{ Xhit,<ab we have before said, it, [the Territory,] wa? ac-
quired by the General Government, as the representative
and trustee of the people of the United Slate-*, and it must
therefore be held in that character for their common and
equal benefit; for it was the people of the several States,
acting through their agent and representative, the Federal
Government, who in fact acquired tbc Tcriitory in question,
and the Government holds it for their common use until it
shall be associated with the other States as a member of
the Union.
" But until that time arrives, it is undoubtedly necessary
that some government should be established, in order to
organize society, and protect the inhabitants in their per-
sons and property; and as the people of the United States
could act in this matter only through the Government which
represented them, and thiough which they spoke and acted
when the Territory was obtained, it was not only within
the scope of its powers, but it was its duty to pass such
laws and establish such a government as would enable those
by whose authority they acted to reap the advantages an-
ticipated Oom to acquisition, and to gather there a popula-
tion which would enable it to assume the position to which
it was destined among the States of the Union. The power
to acquiic necessarily eairies with it the power to preseive
and apply to the purposes for which it was acquired. The
form of government to be established necessarily rested in
the discretion of Congress. It was their duty to establish
the one that would be best suited for the protection and
security ot the citizens of the United States, and other in-
habitants who might be authorized to take up their abode
theie, and that must always depend upon the existing con-
dition of the Territory, as to the number and character of
its inhabitants, and their situation in the Territory. In
some cases a government, consisting of persons appointed
by the Federal Government, would bestsubseive the inter-
ests of the Tomtory, when the inhabitants were few and
scattered, and new to one another. In other instances, it
would be more advisable to commit the powers of self-gov-
ernment to the people who had settled in the Territory, as
being the most competent to determine what was best for
their own interests. But some form of civil authority would
be absolutely necessary to organize and preserve civilized
society, and prepare it'to become a State; and what is the
best foim must always depend on the condition of the Ter-
ritory at the time, and the choice of the mode must depend
upon the exercise of a discretionary power by Congress,
acting within the scope of its eonstitu ional authority, and
not infringing upon the tights of person or rights of property
ot the citizen who might go there to reside, or for any other
lawful puipo«e. U was acquired by the exercise of tins
disci etion, and it must be held and governed in like man-
ner, until it is litted to be a State.
" But the power of Congress over the person or property
of a citizen can never be a mere discretionary power under
our Constitution and lot in ot Government. The powers
of the Government and the rights and privileges of the cit
jzen aie regulated and plainly defined by the Constitution
its-elf. And when thelYiritory becomes a part of the Uni-
ted States, the Federal Government enters into possession
in the chaiacter impressed upon it by those who created it.
It enters upon it with its powers over the citizen strictly
defined, and limited by the Constitution, from which it de-
nves its own existence, and by virtue of which alone it
continues to exist and act a*s a Government and sovereignty.
It has no power of any kind beyond it; and it cannot, when
it enters a Territory of the United States, put off its char-
acter, and assume discretionary or despotic powers which
the Constitution has denied to it. It cannot create for
it«elf a new character separated fiom the citizens of the
United States, and the duties it owes them under the pro-
viMonc of the Constitution. The Territory being a part of
the United States, the Government and the citizen both
enter it under the authority of the Constitution, with their
lesprctive lights defined and marked out; and the Federal
Government can exercise no power over his person or prop-
erty, beyond what that instrument confers, nor lawfully
deny any right winch it has reserved.
4k The powers ovei person and property of which we speak
arc not only notgianted to Congress, but are in express terms
denied, and they are forbidden to exercise them. And this
prohibition is not confined to the States, bwt the words are
general, and extend to the whole ten itory over which the
Constitution gives it power to legislate, including those
portions of it remaining under teiritonul government, as
well as that eoveied by States. It is a total absence of
power every wheie within the dominionoftheUnited States,
and places the citizens oi a Territory, so far as these rights
are concerned, on the same footing with the citizens of the
States, and guaids them as firmly and plainly against any
inroads which the General Government might attempt, un-
der the plea of implied or incidental powers. And if Con-
gress itself cannot do til.-*, if it is beyond the powers con-
fened on the Fcdeial Government, it will be admitted, we
presume, that it could not authorize a tenitorial govern-
ment to exercise them, [t could confer no power on any
local Government, established by its authority, to violate
the provisions of the Constitution."
Judge Campbell says:
54 But tills clause in the Constitution does not exhaust
the powers of Congress within the territorial subdivisions,
or ovei the persons who inhabit them. Congiess maycxcr-
cusc there all the power** of Government which belong to
them as the Legislature of the United States, of which these
Tenitoncs make a pan. (Lougnborough vs. Blake, 5
Wheat., 31?-) Thus the laws of taxation, for the regulation
of foreign, Federal, and Indian commcicc, and so for the
abolition of the slave Hade, for the protection ot copyrights
and inventions, for the establishment of postal communica-
tion and courts oi justice, and foi the punishment of crimes,
are aa operative there a^ within the States. I admit that
to maik the bounds for the jurisdiction of thCgjGovernmeiit
of the United States within theTemtory, and of its power
in respect to peisons and things within the municipal sub-
divisions it has created, is a work of delicacy and difficulty,
and, in a great mea.-,uio, is beyond the cognizance of the
judiciary department o! that Government. How much
municipal power may be exercised by the people of the
Territory, betore their admission to the Union, the courts
