THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 80,
eommiitec. After that is done, and all the amend-
ments of the Senator from California have been
proposed to the bill, I shall .endeavor to explain
my bill, and move to amend the. amendment as
amended, by striking it all out and inserting: the
amendment which is now withdrawn.
, Mr. LATHAM. I now offer the amendments
indicated by the Senator from New Hampshire.
I" have marked in pencil upon the margin of my
amendment, because it is pfinted as an entirety,
so that the Secretary can read the amendments
as they will be offered to the bill reported by the
Committ,ec on the Post Office and Post Roads. I
suppose there is no objection to reading the amend-
ments as an entirety, and without taking them
up by piece-meai. The proposition will then be
before the Senate, and-the body will corrcctly un-
derstand it. The Secretary can read the whole
amendment, and afterwards it can be inserted by
sections, according to parliamentary usage.
The Secretary read the amendment; which is
to strike out all after the word ** that," and in-
sert:
The Postmaster General be,'and lie is hereby, authorized
and directed to contract with the contractors on route
*8911, between St. Joseph, Missouri, and Great Salt Lake
City, and route *12801, between Great Salt Lake City and
Placenrille, California, or with eithcc of them, for the con-
veyance of the United States mail on which letter postage
is paid between St. Joseph, Missouri, and Placerviile, Cal-
ifornia, in eighteen days' time, along such intermediate
route as the contractors may select: Provided, The service
can be obtained tri-weeklyat a compensation not to exceed
$400,000 per annum, the mail to be earned m four-horse
coaches or spring wagons, and the contractors to supply in-
termediate offices along the route with the entire mail with-
out additional compensation.
Sbo. S. And be it further enacted, That the Postmaster
General is hereby authorized to agree with the contractors
on route *12578, from St. Louis to San Francisco, for such
modification of their contract so as to carry the mail from
Viekaburgor New Orleans*, on the Mississippi, instead of
St. Louis and Memphis, and to provide for trt-weekly ser-
vice in twenty days' time, and the supplying of intermedi-
ate office* on the route* with the enure mails without addi-
tional cost to the Government.
Skc. 3. And be it further enarted, That the Postmaster
General is hereby authorized to contract lor the transporta-
tion, in twenty-one day*, of a steamer mall, including all
the printed matter and franked documents, between the
Atlantic and Pacific States,by steamships, by the nearest
and mostexpeditious route, at a cost not exceeding $400,000
per annum, three times a month, and such contract to end
upon the repeal by Congress of the present franking law.
Sec. 4. And be it further cnactcd, That upon the repeal
by Congress of the present franking law, the entire mail
matter shall be carried overland upon routes *8911, *12801,
and *12578, named in this bill, or at the option of the con-
tractors on said routes, by steamers, in twenty-five days'
lime, and not less tiian twice a month, without additional
co«t to the Government.
Bbc 5. And be it further enacted, That the Postmaster
General be, and he is heicby, authorized and directed to
modify the contract with the contractors now performing
service on routes *12540, *125-13, and ' 1*2555, so as to pio-
vlde for the conveyance of the United States mails in four-
horse coaches, six times a week, at a f-ehcdulc of seven
days, from April I to December I, and fourteen days the
remainder of the j'ear, from Sacramento City, via Yreka,
Jacksonville, itoseburg, Oakland, Eugene City, Corvalhs,
and Salem, to Portland, Oregon, tor a compensation not to
exceed $100,000 per annum.
Skc.G. And be it further enacted. That the Postmaster
General be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed to
provide for the convcyance of the United States mad, on
which letter postage is'paid, weekly, from St. Paul, Minne-
sota, via St. Cloud, and from Superior,Wisconsin, via Crow
Wing, to the Dalies, in Oregon, with the same picomption
right as heretofore allowed upon other tluough routes: Pio-
vided, The service can be obtained at an annual co*t not
exceeding $'200,000, and the trip to be performed m twenty
days, from May 1 to November 1, and in thirty days the
remainder of the year.
Sec. 7 And be it further enacted, That the cost of fcrviee
authorized in this act, and of that now performing under
the, said act of the 3d of March, 1S57. be paid by the Sec-
retary of the Tteasury quarterly upon the certificate of ser-
vice from the Postmaster General; and that the postage on
through letters, to and from California, Oregon, and Wash-
ington Territory, and the Atlantic States, shall be ten
cents.
Sec. 8. And be it further cnacted, That the coutiacts for
carrying the land arid occan mails under this law shall ex-
pire on the 15th of September, 1866.
Mr, LATHAM. Mr, President, there is,prob-
ably, no subject of so much interest to the people
of the State that I have the honor m part to rep-
resent as the one now under consideration. It is
true that the Pacific railroad is a question of more
magnitude and concern to tfte people of Califor-
nia than the overland mail; but for immediate
benefit to the State, the overland mail is paramount
in importance.
I do not propose discussing in detail the nu-
merous bills which have been introduced into this
body. They have originated with Senators who
have had their own peculiar ideas in relation to
this subject, and who, at the same time, have been
desirous of benefiting certain localities or inter-
ests, represented by them. It must, however, be
a source of congratulation to the Senate that they
have before it every conceivable scheme that the
mind of man could have devised in relation to this
question. I have entertained but one idea, from
the first, as to the course of legislation which
should be adopted; and upon that plan I intend,
at this time, to address the Senate. My colleague,
who is a member of the Committee ou the Post
Office and Post Roads,has had this subject under
his special charge; and I think I am correct in
saying, that not only he, but the entire delega-
tion from California, were unanimous in their first
view as to the proper course to be pursued. All
attempts, however, to reconcile conflicting inter-
ests have proved unavailing, as has been shown
by the repeated objections made by Senators,
whose peculiar views and interests were to be
favored. And I think that my colleague will now
agree with me, that_.the original line of policy
agreed upon by the California delegation, is the
only one to which we should adhere, and which
will be satisfactory to our constituency, and should
be to the whole country.
I may go further, and state that all the repre-
sentatives from the Pacific coast were unanimous
in support of the policy which I am determined to
advocate, regardless of any special interest which
may be injured by it. The voice, therefore, of
the representatives of those who have the most
immediate and vital intcrcstin this question should
not be disregarded by Congress.
Before proceeding to the consideration of the
proper policy to be pursued in the establishment
of an overland mail system, this bodyshould have
before it a statement of all the contracts, their
terms and presentcondition,before itcan act with
proper intelligence.
I have before me a communication from the
Post Office Department, under date of March 22,
1860, setting forth the different routes, and their
present condition; which 1 will now read to the
Senate:
" Sir : The overland-mails supposed to be referred to by
your letter of this date were let, and have been curtailed,
as tollows:
" Route 12578.—St. Louis*, Missouri, and Memphis, Ten-
nessee, converging at Fort Smith, Arkansas, to Snn Fian-
eisco, twice a week; let to John liuttcrfieid & Co., from
.September 16, 1858, at ,$600,000 per annum. The service
to be performed m four-lior>c coaches or spring wagons.
u Route 891 I.—St. Joseph, Missouri, to Salt Lake City,
Utah; advertised under act of May 520, 1856, and let, under
date of October If), lfc.lS, to llnam Kimball, at £23,000 per
annum. Setvice to be monthly trip*, in eoveied wagons.
On his (Kimball'1-) failure, it was accepted, in October,
1857, by S, li. Mites, at $32,000 per annum llelct, from
May, IK>^, to J. M. Ilockaday, at $190,000 per annum, for
weekly seivice, m eoveied carnages or wagons. April 14,
1859,contractois ordered to reduce to two nips per month,
at $ti5,000 decrease tn annua! pay.
" Route 10615 —Neo.'ho, Missouri, to Albuquerque, New
Mexico. Accepted by T. F. Bowler, from Octobcr, 1858,
at $17,000 per annum. Service, monthly tiips, in six-mule
spring coaches. 11th May, 1859, contractor oidered to dis-
continue
" Route 8076.—San Antonia, Tcxa*, to San Diego, Cali-
fornia. Let 1st July, 1857. Service, two trips per month,
on horseback, to James TJ. Iturch, at $149,800 per annum.
Transferred Januaiy 1,1858, to Geonre 11. Giddings, at the
same pay. October 2*, 1858, ordered to be discontinued
between EI Paso and Fort Yuma, at .$59,131 deduction from
annual pay. Aho, to improve residue of loute to weekly
trips, leaving entire pay to stand at $196,448 per, annum,
from 1st of January, 1859. April 14, 1859, ordered to re-
duce to semi-monthly trip?, (by taking off twenty-cigjit of
tiie weekly trips per annum,) at a deduction ol ,$76,148 per
annum, from June 7, 1859. March 12, I860,ordeied to dis-
continue scivice between Camanche Springs and E] Paso,
ftom 1st May, 1860, at a deduction of $37,599 per annum.
This older left the route a semi-monthly one, from Ca~
manehe Springs to San Antonia, the pay to stand at
$53,270 pcrammm, from ls>t May, 18G0. [Memorandum.—
In this contract, 'the express understanding that, if any
other route should be put under contract tliat shall cover
this, m part or in whole, the Postmaster General reserves
the power to cuttail or discontinue the, service on tins route
at his discretion.'] Contiact expires on the 30th of June,
1861.
" Route 12801.—Salt Lake City, Utah, to Placerviile, Cal-
ifornia. Accepted by George Chorpenning. Semi-monthly
service fiom 1st July, 1858, at ,$6o,000 per annum. Ordered,
on 19th June, 1858, to be improved to weekly trips, at
$65,000 per annum additional, making entire pay $130,000
per annum. Service to be in four-horse covered wagons
or carriages. May 7, 1859, ordered reduced to semi-
monthly trips, at §50,000 decrease in annual pay from July
1, 1859.
" Route 15050—Independence, Missouri, to Stockton,
California. Accepted from October, 1858, by Jacob Flail,
for monthly tiips. in mule-wagons, at $79,909 ; transferred
same date, to llairon, Potter & Crenshaw. May 11, 1859,
ordered a discontinuance from August, 1859."
In addition to what is set forth, I will state that
I have been informed by the Department that
route 12801—from Salt Lake City, Utah, to
Placerviile, California—has been declared forfeited
by the contractor, and the contract has been in-
formally awarded to Mr..Russell; the mails to be
carried in any manner he may see fit, in sixteen
days from Salt Lake City to Placerviile, at a com-
pensation of $33,000 per annum. The Depart-
ment, in view of legislation upon this question,
is unwilling to make for the present any perma-
nent arrangements for service on this route. The
amounts, therefore, at present paid, and the routes
which are now in active operation, are as follows:
Routes.
12578, Butterficld & Co.—St. Louis to San Francis-
co $600,000
8911, Ilockadav &• Ca.—St. Joseph to Salt Lake
City.*  125,000
1076, George H. Giddingb—Camarichc Springs
to San Antonia  53,376
12801, William Russell—Salt Lake City to Placer-
- ville       33,000
Total amount paid $811,276
To this sum add the amount paid to the steam-
ship company for carrying the mail under a special
contract, which expires on the 30th of June, 1860
—§351,000 p(h* annum—and we will have the total
cost of the mail service to the Pacific amounting
to §1,162,276.
Mr. COLLAMER. The gentleman will per-
mit me to ask him one question. That last mail'
from San Antonia, by El Paso and Fort Yuma,
ran out to San Diego ?
Mr. LATHAM. Yes, sir.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to inquire what
that service is between Fort Yuma and San Diego
now?
Mr. LATHAM. It is a horse mail, as I have
been informed.
Mr. COLLAMER. Is that incorporated in
your estimate ?
Mr. LATHAM. That is included in the esti-
mate—£53,000.
Mr. GWIN. If Senators will allow me, I will
state that that route from Fort Yuma to San
Diego has been discontinued altogether.
Mr. LATHAM. Now, Mr. President, about
one year ago the Government was paying, for the
conveyance of the mails to and from California,
and our Pacific possessions, as follows:
1. From New York and New Orleans, via Panama to San
Francisco, semi-monthly  $738,250
2. From New Orleans to San Fiancisco, via
Tehuantepec, scini-monthly  $250,000
From 13ay of Ventoza to Acapulco... 36,000
  286,000
The time for the arrival of the mail
by these routes was not specified.
3. From San Antonia, via El Paso to San Die-
go, semi-monthly, (weekly from San Anto-
nia to El Paso and Fort Yuma  196,448
4. Fiom St. Louis and Memphis, via El Paso,
to San Fianciseo, semi-weekly, commonly
called the Hmterfield route  600,000
5. From Kansas, Missouri, to Stockton, Califor-
nia, monthly trips in mule-wagons   79,999
6. From St. Joseph, Missouri, to Placervillc, via .
Salt Lake City, in thirty-eight days  320,000
7. Neosho, Missouri, to Albuquetque, New
Mexico, monthly trips per annum  17,000
Making the total cost of all these routes giving
mail facilities to the great West $2,237,697
Showing a difference from what is now paid of
P,075,42i!
"\Vc now propose to bring the mail service which
supplies the Pacific coast, and intermediate Ter-
ritories, back to such a system which, while it
does not add materially to the present cost, will
give such facilities as the present condition and
future prosperity of those regions absolutely
demand.
If, Mr. President, we were at the inception of a
system of overland mails to the Pacific, 1 should
not be atalossasto the proper course to be pursued.
So far as my own State is concerned, the people
thereof are unanimous in their wish for a daily
overland mail; the service to be performed in the
most expeditious manner, and on any route which
the contractors may selcct. With some few ex-
ceptions, the large mass of the people are unin-
fluenced by a sectional jealousy as to the route
which should be selected. They merely want a
great highway to be established, over which the
United States mails will pass, which will give pro-
tection to, and encourage emigrants to make that
