72
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
[January 10,
36tii Cong. ... Lst Sess.
Territorial Policy—Mr. Green.
Senate.
of justice cannot decide. This must depend, for the most
part, on political considerations, which cannot enter into
the deteimmation of a case of law or equity. I do not feel
called upon to define the jurisdiction of Congress. It is
sufficient for the decision of this case to ascertain whether
the residuary sovereignty of the States or people has been
invaded by the eighth section of the act of 6th March, IH20,
I have cited, in so fai as it concerns the capacity and statw
of persons in the condition and circumstances of the plain-
tiff and his family." * * * * * *
44 Whatever these constitutions and laws validly determ-
ine to be property, it is the duty of the Federal Govern-
ment, through the domain of jurisdiction merely federal,
to recognize to be property."
Judge Catron says:
"More than sixty years have passed away since Con-
gress has exorcised power to govern the Territories, by its
legislation directly or by territorial charters subject to re-
peal at all times, and it is now too late to call that power
into question, it this> court could disregard its own decis-
ions ; which it cannot do, as I tlunk."
That is the language of the court; and on page
62 -we find Judge Wayne says:
" I have already said that the opinion of the court has
my unqualified assent."
Judge Nelson concurs in the judgment, but as-
signs different reasons not affecting the territorial
question. Judge G-ricr says:
" 1 also concur with the opinion of the court as delivered
by the Chief Justice, that the act of Congress of 6th March,
1820, is unconstitutional and void; and that, assuming the
facts as stated in the opinion, the plaimiJf cannot sue as a
citizen of Missouri in the courts ol the United States. But,
that the record shows a prima f&cic ease of jtnisdiction, re-
quiring the court to decide ail the questions properly aris-
ing in it."
Judge Daniel says:
" Congress was made simply the agent or trustee for the
United States, and could not, without a breach of trust and
a fraud, appropriate the subject of the trust to any other
beneficiary or cestui que trust than the United States, or to
the people of the United States, upon equal grounds, legal
or equitable. Congress could not appropriate that subject
to any one class or portion of the people, to the exclusion
of others, politically and constitutionally equals ; but every
cittaen would, if any one could claim it, have the like rights
of purchase, settlement, occupation, or any other right, in
the national territory.
"Nothing oan b« raoro concluslvc to show the equality
of this with every other right m all the citizens ol the United
States, and the iniquity and absurdity ot the pretension to
exclude or to disfranchise a portion ol, them because they
are the owner* of slaves, than the fact that the same Instiu-
ment, which imparts to Congress its very evistenee and its
every (miction, guarantiee to the slaveholder the title to life
property, and gives hun the light to Its i origination through -
out the entire extent of the nation; and, fuithei, that the
only private property which the Constitution has spcnjicntly
recognized, and lias imposed it as si ducct obligation, botli
on the States and the Federal Government to protect and
enforce, is the property of the muster m his slave; no other
right of property is placed by. the Constitution upon the
same high ground, nor shielded by a similar guarantee
The other two judges who dissented from the
judgment of the court, nevertheless used lan-
guage winch proved that so iar as this territorial
power now claimed is concerned, they concur with
the other seven, so Mini here is a unanimous opinion
of the nine judges, i will rend. .hid^f McLean
says:
" If there be a right to acquire teintoiy, ilieie necnssanly
must be an implied powei to govern it. H hen the military
force of the Union shall conqucr a country, may not Con-
gress provide tor the government of such country.'* Uns
would be an implied power essential to the acquisition of
new teintoiy. This power has been exeicisod without
doubt of its constitutionality, over toiutory acquiied by
conquest and purchase.
"And when there is a large disuicr of country within
the United States, aud not within any State government,
if it be neecssaiy to establish a tempoiary government to
carry out a power expicssly vested in Congie-s—as the dis-
position of the public lands—may nor Mich covcinmontbc
instituted by Congie-s? (low do we read the Constitu-
tion ? is it not a piactical instrument?
"In such cases, no implication ot a power can auso
which is inhibited by the Constitution, oi which may be
against the theory o( its construction."'
And Judge Curtis likewise, while he dissented
from the opinion of the court, says expressly that
the power to control the Territories is vested in
Congress, and not in a Territory. 1 have seen
efforts made to weaken the force and efficacy of
this decision of the court; but 1 have been sur-
prised to see them; for they are drawing distinc-
tions between a judgment and an opinion. I ad-
mit that no Territory had then undertaken to pro- ;
hibitslawfy,and that, therefore, thatdircct question ;
was not essentially nccessary to be decided, and |
on that ground you may say there is no judgment ,
Eronounced upon it. I do not pretend there is; ;
ut I do say there is a unanimous opinion, the j
whole nine concurring that the Territory docs not j
possess that power claimed—some assigning one
reason, and some another; but whether it be a
judgment or no judgment, it is the opinion of the
court. When you say you are willing to trust the
court, why should we be debating the question to
the people rather than to the court? It would be
much more appropriate in the Supreme Court to
make these legal arguments; but instead of that,
appeals are made to the public, closing finally, and
saying, " it is all a judicial question." Ihavebeen
ready and willing for that at all times, and I am
yet willing and ready to do it to heal up the diffi-
culty in the Democratic party. Let it be a unit,
as it ought to be, and battle manfully against the
common enemy.
Sir, the true doctrine has been admirably ex-
pressed by our President in his message when he
says :
" The right has been established of every citizen to take
his property of any kind, including slaves, into the common
Teiritones belonging equally to all the States of the Con-
federacy, and to have it protcctcd there under the Federal
Constitution."
That is platform enough on this subject._ That
comes up to the full measure of the decision of
ihc court and the demands of the Constitution.
Less than that no one ought to be contented with;
and am I to be told that this is inflicting any harm
on the northern Democracy, and that we are driv-
ing them off, and heaping upon them burdens that
they are not able to bear? Such is not the indica-
tion. 1 would never ask any citizen, South or
North, for a vote, except where the Constitution,
as interpreted by the Supremo Court, entitles me
to that vote. And if asking for the full measure
of the Constitution be heaping on a citizen bur-
dens which he cannot bear, then, indeed, have we
fallen on evil times. Then, indeed, is there a pub-
lic sentiment that docs not sustain the right of
one section in another. We ask for nothing but
what the court says is our constitutional right.
We represent no theoretical platform, and ask you
to sustain us on it. Wo hunt up no new hobby
to excite public prejudice, and ask you to ride with
uson it. We simply plant ourselves on the adjudi-
cations of the Supreme Court, when they expound
the rights that belong to the southern people under
the Federal Constitution; and we say, it there is
still room for a dispute as to what the meaning of
the court is m that decision, let the court itself
decide it. Hut we ask you to give us the lull
measure of justice—nothing more ami nothing
1(>SS—pressed down, shaken together, if you will,
hut not " running over."
Mr. President, the Senator from Ohio closed his
remarks with manifest fairness. The spirit he in-
dicated was such as met my approbation. He
simply presented his views. But as he was dis-
posed to leave it, as a judicial question, I thought
it would have been belter had he not indulged in
nor minted aigument. Hut so much has been said
topiejudice tile public mind, that something is
pisfiliabie to counteract it. I find in the Cincin-
nati speech of the distinguished Senator from Il-
linois, that he tries to represent those who differ
with him on his doctrine of squatter sovereignty
as u interventionists,'1 and classifies them with
the Republican party. That is a strange notion,
when it is a known fact that of the whole Dem-
ocratic party at least three fourths of them differ
from him; and surely because three fourths differ
from him, and, as they think, have the same right
of judgment with himself, he ought not to charac-
terize th< m as bolters and seceders from the ori-
ginal Democratic doctrines. But in that speech
he says this question is to be met and decided in
the contest of 1860. I think that is not the spirit
in which the Senator from Ohio spoke. lie is
disposed to let that question pass until it comes
before the court; and, if the Senator from Illinois
will do the same thing, this bone of contention,
and this subject of controversy, will be removed.
But when he says tins question shall be met and
decided in the contest of 1860, it looks too much
like an attempt to dictate to the Democratic party
what shall bo its issues, what shall be its plat-
form, and force the party to accept his doctrine,
or suffer the consequences of his withdrawal. I
should regret his withdrawal, and hope no occa-
sion will "ever exist for it; I trust it never will
occur, for I do notspcak of him as the Senator from
Georgia dtd. If the majority of the party can in-
dorse him, or if a majority of the party can ap-
prove his doctrines, I can vote for him, though I
can never concur in the doctrine of popular sov-
ereignty. I should vote for him because it would
be better than the opposite side. If I recollect
rightly, too, the letter which he wrote placed the
permission to use his name before the Charleston
convention on the ground that his view of the
Cincinnati platform was to prevail. I trust he
would not have all to surrender their judgments
to him. He ought, it seems to me, to be content
to entertain his own opinion, and act upon it, so
far as he thinks it right; but not to the prcjudicc
of the Democratic party. If a question comes up
in the Senate Chamber, to be determined by the
votes of the Senate, and he believes it to be his
duty to sustain his views of squatter sovereignty,
let him do so, and no one will complain; but to
undertake to make a forced test with the great
Democratic party throughout this vast Union is
more than the party can submit to. Why, sir,
the Senator should recollect what the doctrine of
the party has been; and I intend to trace it down
a little, and to take some pains for that purpose.
I will first read a short extract from the Dem-
ocratic address of 1838; but before it is read I
will remark that the Democratic party has always
met the present pressing issues'of the day. It
never sought for new theories unless some prac-
tical wants of the country demanded it; and what-
ever evil threatened, or whatever danger stood
before us, it has ever been prompt to meet and
ready to resist; but not for abstract theories would
it ever fritter away its strength or destroy its
unity and harmony. Thus, m 1838, they spoke
as follows:
" The subject of abolition has assumed a character <*o
formidable m its appearance, and so destructive in its tend-
encies, as to call tor a brief exposition of our views.
"ThecxlstW relation of master and slave, between the
two races mhlnitmgthe southern portion of the Union, ex-
isted when the Constitution was formed, and is recognized
j in the apportionment of members in the House ot Repre-ent-
I atives, as well as in the imposition of direct taxes, and the
clause guaiant> nig the delivery up ot persons held to feci vice
or labor m one Suite and escaping into another.
" It is manifest that the power over tins subject r-> one <\f
thoce not delegated to the General Government, and, of
course, is one of the reserved powers; as such, it is under
the entire eontiol of the lespectivc Skate*, within who^e
limit- the institution may exi*'t, and within winch neither
tins Government,northat of the other State-, not thcireitt-
zen-, have any moie light to intei fere, directly or indneetly,
than with the existence ot shivery m Cuba, or any other
toieign counti).
u From tins it follows that anv >ueh interference on the
part of this Government, would be without amhorin, uml
si manifest broach of the Constitution. Tt would, in truth,
he more than a simple breach of that instrument; it would
be dchtiucuve ol the primaiy object foi which the Govern
inent was instituted, which was to prescivc and protect
moie effectually the domestic peace and tianquilhty ot the
States, and their citizens.
kt It also tollows, that such interfetence on the p.ut ot
other States, ortheir citizen-, would be m violation of the
national compact, which they imittiallv pledged them-
selves to each olliet to preset ve uu lolate on e-ntei mg into
the Union
>• it also follows, that ihc States, separately and individ-
ually, where slavery exists, aie alone ly^ponsihle foi it,
either lor good or evil; aud the impression that any other
State or it.- citizens are responsible in any way foi it- exist-
ence, originates in the gross and mi-chievous Federal con-
ception, that ouis is a gieat national consolidated Govern-
ment. whcie the whole is responsible for the pait.jn-t as
the States are for counties, instead of a Federal Republic,
composed of sovereign and independent States, united to-
gether tor their mutual advantage, tiamiutlhiy, and secu-
nty.
-• Such, and so formidable, are the barriers auain*t an in-
terference with this dangerous subject, within the limits of
The States. Nor will those against an interference by the
Geneial Government, in any manner, in this District, be
found less formidable, when duly considered.
k- We hold, in tact, that to attempt to abolish slavcn in tins
District, as an intermediate step to i>beh>hin<7 it jn the States
themselves, hy this Government, oi the non-slavehohling
States or their citizens, would be as clearly and manifestly
liable to all the objection-, in their full force, to which rs
diiect attempt to abolish it in the States themselves would
be. It i- the motive and object intended, and not the means,
that determine the character of the ael. Theic is no code
of morals which justifie*. the doing of that indirectly which
is foi hidden to be done dn ectly.
"It it be unlawful to burn our neighbor's house, it v\ ottld
be equally unlawful to fite anothei, or even our own, with
intention ot burning his. Jf there he aditfeienee, the latter,
bv adding ciaft to guilt, is of a deeper d\ e.
We also hold that, whatever may be the individual opin-
ion®? of public men as to the character ot the domestic in-
stitutions ol the slaveholding States, thev have nought,
when acting m public stations utidei the Fedeial Govern-
ment, by any of their acts, to discriminate between their
institutions and those of the other States. It must beboine
in mind that ours is a Federal Republic, as has been already
stated, tormed by sovereign and independent States, lor their
