1514
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
an act? Where is -there an adjudication within
. the seventy years that have elapsed sinco the pas-
sage of the act of 1790, affirming the efficacy of
that or any other act of Congress in respect to
private offenses committed within the organized
Territories ? I repeat, where is there such an act
orsuch adecision? If either exists, let it be pointed
out. That neither has been shown, affords strong
evidence that neither exists.
I believe the gentleman from Virginia also cited
the ordinance of 1787 in support of his position.
It is true that that ordinance vested,or purported
to vest, in certain officers of the district created
by it, the jpower to adopt such laws of the original-
States, criminal and civil, for the government of
the district, as they might think necessary. But
that was not a case of a congressional code for an
organized Territory—it was only a delegation of
power to the local authorities of the district to
adopt a provisional code, which was only to con-
tinue temporarily, and until the General Assembly
provided for in the same ordinance should there-
after alter or substitute it. That portion of the
ordinance alluded to is in these words:
"The Governor and judges, or a majority of them, shall
adopt and publish m the district such laws of the oiiginal
States, criminal and civil, as may be necessary and best
suited to the circumstances of the' district, and report them
to Congress from time to time, which laws shall be in force
In the district until the organization of the General Assem-
bly therein, unless disappioved of by Congrcs.-; but after-
wards, the Legislature shall have authority to alter them as
tliey shall think fit."
So far from that ordinance recognizing either
the power or policy of congressional interference
to punish crimcs against the peace and dignity of
the people of organized Territories, it is a prece-
dent to the reverse. It expressly vested that
power in the Territorial Assembly. But were it
-otherwise, has the gentleman forgotten that the
ordinance of 1787 is older than the Constitution;
that it is not an original source of power in that
instrument; that it was a compact between sov-
ereign States; and that, although boasting that
sanction, was held by Mr. Madison to be a usurp-
ation of authority ? No; the ordinance of 1787 is
an individual and exceptional case in its origin,
and lias no other validity than that which results
from a simple recognition by the Constitution of
compacts made prior to its adoption.
Mr. MILLSON. The gentleman will permit
me to remind hiw that all the laws passed by the
Territorial Legislature were subject to the ap-
proval of Congress.
Mr. McCLERNAND. But what two you do-
nig here ? You are, by original legislation, cre-
ating an original offense, in an organized Territory
having power to legislate upon the same subject.
The gentleman's parallel does not hold good.
I have dwelt longer than I intended upon the
controversy between the gentleman from Vir-
ginia and myself; so long jhat I fear I shall not
iiave time to treat the main question to which I
arose, in a manner satisfactory to the House or
to myself. Leaving it to the House to pass, in
an impartial verdict, upon the issue joined between
the gentleman and myself, I will pass on to
another topic.
I am, sir, somewhat acquainted with the his-
tory of the Mormons. Many of them once
lived in Illinois, and while there I formed opin-
ions of them, from a personal observation and
experience in regard to them, which are still
unchanged. And what was our experience in
Illinois with regard to them? It was a painful
one, indeed, and eventuated in the exodus of the
Mormons from the State, because they were un-
willing to submit to the laws; because, in an at-
tempt to tiample the authority of the State under
foot, they were overcome. Their maxim then
was, and still is, rule or ruin. Leaving Illinois,
they went forth and established themselves in
their present seat in Salt Lake valley. Their lo-
cation there was no doubt influenced by military
as well as other considerations. It is in the midst
Of the Rocky Mountains, and in the heart of the
continent, remote from any Power capable of
molesting them. It is a position easy of defense
by a small forcc against a great one. It is upon
the great line of emigration from east to west 
fiom the Atlantic to the Pacific. It isacommand-
ing military position, giving them the control of
the lives and property of the teeming thousands
passing through their jurisdiction. Ten years
ago, when I brought forward the original projet of
April 3,
the compromise of 1850, embracing among other
things provisions for the admission of California
and for the creation of the territorial governments
for Utah and New Mexico, I said then, what has
since been fulfilled, that the emigrants from the
Atlantic States to California and Oregon would
become a prey to the Mormon banditti that would
infest their traqlc. The murder of Captain Gun-
nison and his party is generally'credited as an
instance of this truth. 1 also said then, what I
repeat now, that these Mormons should never be
admitted as a distinct political community among
the States. Their amenability to the Federal au-
thority would have then so far ceased as to place
them almost altogether beyond its control.
The government of these Mormons is a hie-
rarchy concentrated in one man, who exerts an
absolute temporal and spiritual power over his
followers. He thinks for them; and they obey
him from a dread of his temporal and spiritual
power. The power of the Pope of Rome over
his subjects, which is constantly exciting disturb-
ances and revolutionary attempts, is much less
absolute than that of Brigham Young, the prophet,
priest, and tie facto Governor of the Mormons.
The government is an artfully-contrived one. It
combines all the incentives which can appeal to the
passions of bad men. It concedes to the sensual
many wives; to the military adventurer the dis-
tinctions of military position; and to the priest
abundant tithes ana perfect impunity to the civil
authority. Brigham Young exercises not only the
power to join man and woman in wedlock, but to
divorce them at pleasure. Nor does the act of
divorce, as I am informed, follow any formal hear-
ing of complaints, answers, or proofs; but the de-
cree of his own imperial will. There is not now
so absolute a hierarch living or reigning m any
other quarter of the globe. 'The civil authorities
kept up there by this Government are powerless—
a mere mockery; and must continue to be so until
a new and controlling social element is infused into
Mormon society.
As to polygamy, I admit, nay, I charge it to
be a crying evil; sapping not only the physical
constitutions of the people practicing it, dwarfing
their physical proportions and emasculating their
energies, but at the same time perverting the so-
cial virtues, and vitiating the morals of its victims.
It originated in the house of Lamech, the second
murderer, and in the family of the fratricide, Cain
It is often an adjunct to political despotism; and
invariably begets among the people who practice
it the extremes of brutal blood-thirstiness or timid
and mean prevarication. The ancient Egyptians,
and the Greeks and the Romans, were strangers
to it during the period of their greatest prosperity
and power. It is a scarlet whore. It is a reproach
to the Christian civilization; and deserves to be
blotted out, if it be practicable to do so.
But how shall it be done? The Judiciary
Committee propose to do it by the bill under
consideration. And what are the provisions of
that bill ? First, it makes polygamy an in-
dictable offense, and upon conviction of the of-
fender against the law, subjects him to fine and
imprisonment. This is the'whole extent of the
remedy proposed by the committee's bill—a bill
which assumes and relies upon the Mormons 
polygamists themselves, to execute its provisions.
Does not every one know that the'Mormons will
not enforce such a law against themselves ? that a
grand jury of polygamists will not indict apolyg-
amist? and that a petty jury of polygamists will
not convict a brother polygamist ? Does not every
sane man know that? Well, then, how utterly
futile the measure to effect the object it professes!
What an empty pretense! It may answer as a
measure of political clap-trap, as a staple for dem-
agoffuism, but certainly for no other purpose.
Mr. LAMAR. Did I understand the gentleman
from Illinois to deny the existence of any penal
law passed by Congress for an organized Terri-
tory ?
Mr. McCLERNAND. I have passed from that
point some time since, and do not wish to dwell
longer upon it.
Our troubles with the Mormons, from the first,
have flowed from the non-execution, or resistance
to the execution of the laws by them. Being the
only agents to execute the laws relating to them-
selves, they have trampled them underfoot when-
ever it pleased or profited them to do so. This is
the source, the root of the whole Mormon trouble,
and provoked the late military expedition of the
Federal Government against the Mormons, which
has cost the Government some forty orfifty mill-
ion dollars; and this, also, was the reason for
the formal embassy sent by the Federal Govern-
ment to treatand expostulate with BrighamYoun"-.
1 read fro m authentic documents in support of this
assertion:
u Mr. Magraw to the President.
"Independence, Missouri, October 3, 1856.
« Mr. President : I feel it incumbent upon me as a per-
sonal and political friend, to lay before you some informa-
tion relative to the present political and social condition of
the Territory of Utah, which may be of importance.
<k There is no disguising the fact that there is left no vestige
of law and order, no protection for life or property ; the civil
laws ofthe Territory are overshadowed and neutralized by a
so-styled ecclesiastical organization, as despotic, dangerous,
and damnable, as has ever been known to exist in any
country, and which is ruining not only those who do not
subscrib.no their religious code, butisdrivingtho moderate
and more oidcrJy ofthe Mormon community to despeiation,
Foimerly, violence committed upon the rights of persons
and pioperty, was attempted to be justified by some pre-
text manufactured for the occasion, under color of law as
it exists in that country. The victims were usually of that
' class whose obscurity and want of information necessary
to insure proper investigation and redress of their wrongs,
were sufficient to guaranty to the perpetrators freedom from
punishment. Emboldened by the success which attended
their first attempts at lawlessness, no pretext or apology
seems now to be deemed requisite, nor is any class exempt
from outrage; all alike arc set upon by the self-constituted
theocracy, whose laws, or rather whose conspiracies, are
trained in dark corners, promulgated from the stand of the
tabernacle or church, and executed at midnight, or upon
the highways by an organized band of bravo* and assassins,
whose masters compel an outraged community to tolerate
in their mid&t. The resuit is, that a considerable and biddy
respectable portion ofthe community, known from the At-
lantic to the Pacific, whose enteipnse is stimulated by a
laudable desire to improve their fortunes by honorable ex-
ertions, are left heiress victims to outrage and oppression,
habie at any moment to be stripped of their property or de-
prived ot hie, without the ability to put themselves under
the protection of raw, since ail the court? that exist there
at present are converted into engines and instruments of
injustice."
I also read from a letter of W, "W, Drummondt
late justice of Utah Territory:
"March 30, 1857.
My hear Sir : As I have concluded to resign the office
of justice of the supreme court of the Territory of Utah,
which position I accepted A. D., 1854, under the adminis-
tration of President Pierce, X deem it due to the public to
give some of the reasons why I do so. In the first place,
Brigham Young, the Governor of Utah Territory, is the ac-
knowledged head of the * Church of Jesus Christ of Latter
Day Saints,' commorfly called 'Mormons;' and, as such
head, the Mormons look to him, and to him alone for the
law by which they arc to be governed; therefore no law of
Congie.~s is by them considered binding m anv manner.
"Secondly. I know that there is a secret oa'tli-bound or-
ganization among all the male membeis of the Church to
l esist the laws ol the country, ami to acknowledge no law
save the law of the < Holy Priesthood/ which comes to
the people through Brigham Young direct from God; he
[Young] being the vicegerent of Gotland Prophet, namely,
successor of Joseph Smith, who was the founder of this
blind and treasonable oiga j?ation.
" Thirdly. I am fully aware that there is a set of men, set
apart by special order ofthe Church, to take both the lives
and propeity of persons who may question the authority of
the Church j the names of whom I will promptly make
known at a future time.
" Fourthly. That the iccord?, papers, &c.,ofrthe supremo
court have been destroyed by order of the Church, with the
direct knowledge and approbation of Governor B. Young
and the Fedeiai officers grossly insulted for presuming to
* raise a single question about the treasonable act.
" Fifthly. That the Federal officers of the Territory are
constantly insulted, harassed, and annoyed by the Mor-
mons, and for these insults then4 is no redress.
" Sixthly. That the Federal officers are daily compelled
to hear the form of the American Government traduced
the Chiot Executives of the nation, both living and dead'
slandered and abused from the masses, as well as from all
the leading members of the Church, in the most vulvar,
loathsome, and wicked manner that the evil passions of men
can conceive." ********
I also chaige Governor Young with constantly intcr-
iering with the Federal courts, directing the grand mrv
whom to indict and whom not; and after the judges chare©
the grand juries as to their duties, that this man Voun*
invonabty has some member of the grand jury adviser! in
advance as to his will in relation to their labors, and that
his charge thiis given is the only charge known, obeyed, or
received by all the grand juries of the Federal courts of Utah *-
Territory• J
These extracts abundantly verify what I have
said; and yet the military expedition and the em-
bassy proved abortive. And why ? Simply be-
cause they were not adapted to the exigency of
the case. The embassy could not persuade Brig-
ham Young in to a return to propriety and decency;
nor could the Army act, cxcopt in subordination
to the civil authority, which, for all practical pur-
poses, was in the hands of the Mormons. It could
not force malefactors to indict or convict or pun-
ish themselves.
What, then, is the remedy for this cancering
evil? It is either to buy out the Mormons, and
