1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
long and arduous trip to their coast; and, there-
fore, whether the interest of a contractor should
decide upon a northern, southern, or middle route,
is a matter of entire indifference to them. Such,
however, is not now, and was not, the feeling
of those Representatives in Congress who inau-
gurated the present overland pystcm. Sectional
jealousies and a desire to benefit their own imme-
diate constituency, was the great moving power
when the system itself was first inaugurated. The
result is, we have now to legislate with a view to
vested rights and existing contracts. I, for one,
am unwilling,'when parties, in good faith, have
made a contract with the Government,.and have
incurred the pxpense and discharged their obliga-
tions, to step in and annul it, merely because we
have the power and can be arbitrary in our action.
Such a course would be disreputable to a great
Government like our own, and unworthy'of us
as the representatives of those who have made
these contracts, in good faith, with the Govern-
ment. No Government can be respected, either
at home or abroad, that docs not act with the
most exact justice and fairness to all of its citi-
zens; and Government has no more right than a
private individual to break a contract, solemnly
entered into, and the terms of which have been
fulfilled by the individual contracting with it. Such
a course will never receive my sanction or coun-
tenancc while I have a place upon this floor.
It is sheer nonsense to talk aboutconipensating
those parties whose contracts arc destroyed, by
remunerating them with damages upon their ap-
plication to Congress. The history of claimants
is too well known to this body; and were I a con-
tracting party with the Government, whatever
might be the damages I mightsustambyits action,
1 would sooner surrender them than to dance at-
tendance upon this body year in and year out,
and at last, after an exhaustion of patience and
the bleeding of lobbyists, to get by a tardy recog-
nition of justice what would not compensate for
the loss of time. We have, therefore, if we deal
fairly and honorably, to consider the existing con-
tracts, and to legislate witlia view toprotectthem,
and at the same" time, to perfect our system as far
as it is in our &ower.
I am sorry to see a disposition upon the part of
some Senators, to hurriedly abrogate one of the
existing mail routes, the history of which has
been one of the most wondeiful triumphs of this
wonderful age; and that, too, for no other cause,
it seems to me, than a prejudice against certain
sections of the country who are apparently bene-
fited by its establishment. I refer to the Uutter-
field overland mail route. It is well-known that
when the Postmaster General, upon the 16th of
September, 1857, in pursuance of his authority,
made the contract with Butterficld & Co., to carry
the letter mail over their present route, that they
objected to what is now styled by the Senator
from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale] as the great
ox-bow route." It increased their outlay, and
prevented them from carrying the mail in as short
a ti-me as they thought it could be done. 13ut the
Postmaster General having the authority, fixed
the route and the termini, without regard to their
wishes, and they immediately commenced the ful-
fillment of the contract. On the 36th of Sep-
tember, 1858, the service commenced; and it is
a remarkable fact, that from that time up to the
present, there never has been a single failure within
their schedule time; but, on the contrary, their
average time, instead of being twenty-five days
each trip, has been ticcnty-hoo days! And all this,
too, in the face of obstacles which seemed insur-
mountable; and for one year, without the receipt
of a dollar from the Government, in consequence
of the failure of the Post Office appropriation
bill.
Now, sir, I have a statement of the average
time of arrivals of the mails from St. Louis, via
El Paso, into San Francisco—taken from the offi-
cial returns made at the Post Office Department
for the quarter ending December 31, 1859, when
the company was unpaid for its services, and also
for the quarter ending 31st of March, 1860—
which I will read to the Senate:
October, 1839, 9 mails through, average time... .21f days.
November," 9 <k " 11 " ....21 "
December. " 8 u "
Januaiy, 1860, 9 « " " " ....21 "
Febnmiy, c< 8 i{ " ,...22£ il
March,
«
a
« ....22
The above statement shows the average time,
for two of the worst quarters in the year for trav-
eling, of twenty-one days and fifteen hours.
The time between San Francisco and St. Louis
does not materially differ from the above table.
Now, sir, in face of these facts showing a ser-
vice unequaled, and presenting an an'omaly al-
most in the performance of a mail contract, it is
proposed to abrogate it, and to give this company
a sum, to wit: $100,000 in the way of what ia
called "liquidated damages." Sir, 1 am opposed
to any such action, because I deem it to be unjust
to the contractors, and disreputable in the cx^eme
upon the part of the Government; and uncalled
for, except to gratify sectional and local interests
and the schemes of speculators. Why, sir, this
company has expended, merely to put this line
in operation, independent of preliminary surveys,
an aggregate of over five hundred thousand dol-
lars; and in maintaining the line through nearly
three thousand miles of wilderness, amonghostile
Indians, and great natural obstacles, have been at
such expense that the receipts from the carriage
of the mails and passengers has not as yet covered
their, annual outlay. They have built over one
hundred and fifty stations, and have so stocked
them with animals and guarded them with men,
that there is no probability of a failure upon their
part to perform the required service. This outlay
was necessarily indispensable to fulfill the terms
of the contract, which were peculiar in their char-
acter. Unlike most mail contracts, it has no
provision for the giving of an excuse to the De-
partment, if they failed to carry the mail within
schedule time; they were to he. paid only if they per-
formed the service. They were also to receive
protection, on the line of their route, by the Gov-
ernment from the hostility of the Indians, which
•not being done, they were compelled to protect
themselves at their own expense; not even, sir,
receiving the mail pay, to which they were enti-
tled the greater portion of this time, while they
performed the service. I do not recognize the right
of tins body to modify, change, or repeal this
contract without the exercise of despotic power,
alike disgraceful to Congress and the country.
This company, when they undertook this won-
derful and experimental contract, and gave large
and approved bonds for its performance, foresaw,
what is exactly occurring here to-day, that an
attempt would be made (if they were successful)
by the Representatives of other sections, to secure
all advantages which might result from its per-
formance for their own constituencies. For this
reason there was no provision inserted in their
contract vesting the usual power in the Postmaster
General to interfere in any way with its terms;
for they knew full well that if it was, interfered
with alter they had made such heavy expendi-
tures, they would run great risk, and would be
remediless.
When, therefoic, Congress failed last year to
pass the Post Office appropriation bill, and the
Postmaster General felt it obligatory upon him to
curtail all mail service, and abolish where he could,
he would gladly have reduced the time of service
and compensation upon this route if he thought,
it was in his power. He submitted the question
to the law officer of your Government; and I re-
spectfully ask, as it is very short, that the Senate
will listen while the Secretary reads the Postmas-
ter General's letter, and the reply of the Attorney
General:
The Secretary read, as follows:
Post Office Department, April 18, 1859.
Congress, by an act, approved March 3, 1857, pro-
vided for the transportation of a letter mail overland fiom
the Mississippi river to San Francii-co, and back, in the
following terms:
" That the Postmaster General be, and he Is hereby, au-
thorized to contract tor the conveyance of the entire letter
mail from *uch point cm the Mississippi river ay the con-
tractors mav select to San Fianoisco. in the State of Cali-
fornia, for fix years, at a cost not exceeding $300,000 per
annum for bf.mi-munihly, $450,01)0 for weekly, or §600,000
for semi-wcokly service, to be performed semi-monthly,
weekly, or semt-wcclcly, at the option of the Postmaster
General. , '
"That the contract shall requite the service to he per-
formed with good four-horse coachcs, or spr.n£ wagons,
"Suitable for the conveyance of passengers, as well an the
safety and security of the mails.
"That the contractor hhall ha\e the right of preemption
to three hundred and twentv acres ot any land, not then
disposed of or reserved, at each point necessary tor a sta-
tion, not to be nearer than ten nntcsfrom each other; and
provided that no mineral land shall be tbii* preempted.
" That the said services shall be performed Within twen-
ty-five days for each trip; and that before entering in tosueh
contract, the Postmaster General .shall be satisfied of the
ability and disposition of the parties bom fide and in good
faith to perform the said contract* and sbaiJ require good
and sufficient security for the performance of the same> the
service to commence within twelve months after the ^giv-
ing of the contract." ,
Undei the authority of this act, on the J6th September.
1857, a contract was entered into between this Department
and John Butterfield and others, which will be found on
pages 29,30,31, and 32, of the Postmaster General's annual
report for 1857, u pamphlet copy of which accompanies this
communication.
It will he observed that this ^contract stipulates for a
semi-weekly service, at a compensation of $500,000. This
Department is well satisfied that the public interests re-
quire that the service shall be reduced so as to be performed
weekly instead of semi-weekly, and at a corresponding rate
of compensation j and this reduction it will not hesitate to
make, provided, in your judgment, this step would not be
in conflict with the terms of the contract.
The genera! theory of ail contracts for the transporta-
tion of thfe mails is, that they shall be liable to be annulled,
curtailed, or modified, in the discretion of the Postmaster
General, and astipulation to this effect is almost invariably -
introduced into them. It is insisted, however, by the con-
tractors m this case, that the Postmaster General,'having
once exeicised the "option" given him by the statute, the
Department is concluded thereby, and must abide by the
contract thus made for the«entire term of six years. It is
by no means clear that this is the proper interpretation of
the statute. Congiess seems to have contemplated that the
mail should continue to be transported fur mx years, but
whether semi-monthly, weekly, or semi-weekly, was joft
entirely to the discretion of the Postmaster General, to be
cxercised in view of the public interests, and of the con*
ttngencics to which the service was exposed. .
The "option" spoken of is regarded as having been
intended to be a continuing one, and not one which was to
be exhausted by its first exercise. Nothing but the clearest
language, or a necessary implication, should be permitted
to overthrow the whole theory of mail contracts, and ren-
der them unchangeable, whatever might be the wants or
interest or altered policy of the Government. The question
which it is desired to submit is, whether this statute is not
susceptible of a construction that will harmonize with the
prevailing theory which is the law of all other similar en-
gagements ; and if so, whether it is not necessarily part and
pai eel of the contract which has been made in special exe-
cution of its authority?
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
J. HOLT.
Hon. J. S. Black, Attorney General*
Attorney Generates Office, May 28,1859.
Sir: An act of Congress, passed on the 3d of March,
1857, of which the tenth section declares that the Post-
master General " be, and is hereby, authorized to contract
for the conveyance of the entire letter mail from such point
on the Mississippi river as the contractors may select, to
San Francisco, in the Wtate of California, for six years, at
a cost not exceeding $300,000 per annum for semi-month-
ly, $450,000 for weekly, or $600,000 for semi-weekly ser-
vice, to be performed semi-monthly, weekly, or semi-
weekly, at the option of the Postmaster General." The
eleventh section of the act requires the service to be per-
formed in four-horse coaches or spring wagons, the twelfth
gives the contractors a preemption tight to a certain quan-
tity of lands on the route, and the thirteenth requires each
trip to be made within twenty-five days, and security to bo
given for the performance of the contract. .
In pursuance of this statute, a contract was made on the
16th of September, 1857, between the United States, (act-
ing by their Postmaster General,) of the one part, and John
Butterfield and certain persons associated with him, of the
other part, by which Buticrfield and his associates agreed
to perform the service semi-weekly for the compensation
of $600,000. The contract makes no provision for any re-
duction of the service, nor does it stipulate what shall be
the pay of the contractors for carrying the mail according
to any other schedule. It does not contain the usual cov-
enant lcserving to the Po^tma^ter General the power to In-
crease or diminish the service, nor does it furnish aruleby
which the pay of the contractors is to be ascertained for
anything except semi-weekly service.
The question you propound to me is, whether, under this
contract and the law above quoted, you have a legal right
to reduce the amount of service, and the compensation with
it, below what was expressly agreed for ?
If such power exists, you must derive it from one of
three sources: either (1) the general law of the land, (2)
the special statute by which this service is authorized, or
else (3) from the terms of the particular contract which has
been made with these parties. ,
1. There is no general principle which authorizes one
contracting party to annul, alter, or add to the terms of an
agreement, without the consent of the other. When the
Government makes a contract, it is bound by the same prin-
ciples of justice and good faith which hind individuals.
There is nothing, therefore, in the general low which gives
vou any control over a mail contract, except to carry out
it* provisions as you find them set down. Hence it is that
your Department has time out of mind been m the practice
of putting into (-very contract for carrying the mail an ex-
press covenant winch gives the Postmaster General power
to change the schedule, and to order the service up or down,
as he may think the public interest requires. And itisfiom
this express provision that you get the power so often exer-
cised of ordering larger and less service.
2. The act of 3d March, 3857, authorizes a contract for
carrying the mails six years between certain places, and
fixes the maximum rate of compensation which sbaJJ be
allowed by the contract tor semi-monthly, weekly, ana
semi-weekly service,"which service is "to be performed
semi-monthly, weekly, or semi-weekly, at the option oj
Postmaster General.  These last words gave the Post-
