V4
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 10,
36th Coxg....1st Sess.
Territorial Policy—Mr. Green.
Senate.
terness, and ill-feeling that have characterized the
debates in Congress on the slavery issue. We
ought to banish this question now and forever;
we ought to hush these unnecessary issues on the
subject of " squatter" or "popular" sovereignty.
To be able to do this without injury to any inter-
est, or without calling upon any person or people
to sacrifice his or their self-respect, we must
strictly adhere to the decision of the Supreme
Court. It is our only safety. It is just, proper,
and respectable.
It is admitted by the advocates of this doctrine
that Congress may institute temporary govern-
ments in the Territories. What is meant by in-
stituting a government? It is of no use to talk to
the American people, or to the Senate of the Uni-
ted States, and use terms, unless you intend to
convey some definite idea. What is it to institute
a government? I only can understand it as cre-
ating. Is it merely to prescribe the boundary ?
Is it merely to declare tliem a community ? Is it
to give them a form of government? On the con-
trary, does it not ncccs^arily include the right to
prescribe their powers ? A government duly in-
stituted must have its boundaries marked out in
order to know the geographical extent of its ju-
risdiction. They must bo thrown into an organ-
ized community, and invested with ccrtam rights
for the purposes set forth in the law instituting
such government. They must have a form in
which they are to exert their governing power,
and the extent of their power must be marked and
defined, else their government is imperfectly insti-
tuted.
Now, then, if Congress can institute a govern-
ment; if they can create a territorial government,
in what manner can it exercise such power? Only
by a legislative act, approved by the President,
as required by the Constitution of the United
States. But if Congress can pass, it can also re-
peal an act; and this, in relation to territorial or-
ganization acts, I understand the Senator from
Ohio to admit. The Senator from Illinois admit-
ted it in his Springfield speech when he proposed
to repeal tlig organic act of Utah. The right of
repealing continues as long as the territorial con-
dition remains. Now,tftherighttoiepeal exists,
so does the right to modify, and any inconsistent
legislation, or, in other words, any legislation by
Congress inconsistent with the organic act, is, if
subsequent to it, a repeal pro timto. Congress
can, at any time, notwithstanding the Kansas-
Nebraska bill, notwithstanding the Utah bill, not-
withstanding the New Mexico bill, notwithstand-
ing the Washington bill, pass any law within the
scope of its power under the Constitution, how-
ever inconsistent it may be with the prior con-
gressional organic, acts of those, several Territories.
1 think I find the Senator from Ohio expressly
admitting that; for in the debate of July 2, 185(i,
to which I have already referred, he said:
'•My colleague chaises irie, also, witli having extolled
two sections of the penal statutes o( Kau>as j did nothing
of thn sort. He Iras misappiehended the whole tenor ot
my remarks. I said that the legislation was not unexampled
—that vva*. my proportion. There ate nauites. or'snmlar im-
po«t in many of the Stairs. 1'he.rc are statutes even more se-
vere than these. T said of them, sir, that they were eouched
In term^ not jeadily intelligible; and 1 said, as I say now,
that in hOfar us the eleventh section provided a punudimcnt
for the offense of exciting an Insurrection ol slaves, it could
be defended anywhere. As to the twelfth section, to which
my colleague specially referred, f condemned that in broad
terms, and eaid that it ought \o be annulled: and further-
mote, I gave mv full assent to the suggestion of the veueiable
Senator trom Michigan, [Mr. Cass,] that Congress should so
amend the urgunic law of the Territory to supet^ede the
ffcsts established hy the Legislature. I had, in (act, done
more. 1 had then prepared, and have now in my de>k, a
joint resolution to annul these very objectionable provis-
ions; and I should have as-ked leave to introduce it this
morning, but for the fact that the {Senator from Delavvaie
[Mr. Clayton] lias, during my absence, introduced a bill
to the f-aine effect."—+ftppcndiJcto the Congressional Clohc,
Thirty Fourth Congress, first session, page 757.
It was perfectly competent to intervene and
remove obnoxious laws in Kansas—laws that,
perhaps, were objectionable; popular sovereignty-
was not too sacred for Congress to intervene
and repeal by a legislative congressional act laws
passed by that Territory. If in that case it could
be done, if a Territory should undertake to pass
laws destroying a constitutional right attending the
slaveholder, would congressional intervention be
any more objectionable ? Is it not just as compe-
tent, and no* only competent, is it not os much
the sacred duty of Congress in the one case as the
other? I hold that this Government i& created
for protection; this Government is created to se-
cure the rights of all, so far as they depend upon
Federal authority, andifthe General Government
sees the rights of any portion invaded, however
weak or small—and the weaker And the smaller
the more the necessity—it is its consti tutional duty
to repress such invasion and punish the invaders.
Thus it will be seen that the right of Congress
to repeal, change, or modify an organic act of a
Territory, or, indeed any laws which may be
passed by a Territory, has been asserted again
and again by statesmen of all parties throughout
the history of this Government.
I have had prepared a synopsis of the congres-
sional acts organizing and governing twenty Ter-
ritories. This synopsis shows from the begin-
ning, in 1789, at what times the Territories were
organized; the officers in whom the governing
authority was placed; the extent of the power
granted; the number of changes that have been
made by Congress; the laws that the Territories,
from time to time, have passed, and that have
| been repealed by Congress; and presenting the
j whole in a clear, intelligible shape. This vast
rqass of legislation shows that for an unbroken
period of seventy years, Congress hasexercised
a power to institute territorial governments, and
to abolish and change such governments. It also
shows that Congress lias always claimed and ex-
ercised the right to supervise the acts of these gov-
ernments, and to annul them at its pleasure. I
may regard thatinformation of importance enough
to publish it as an appendix. I will not now take
up the time of the Senate by reading it; but I make
this assertion: that there never has been a single
territorial government, from 1789 down to the
present period of time, in which the Federal au-
thority was not maintained, and the supervision
of Congress exerted.
We have been told, however, that every power
conferred on Congress must bo exercised by Con-
gress itsc/f; and that, if Congress has power to
take eare of the Territories, they cannot delegate
that power to the Territory in any manner, shape,
or form. I think there is not much force in that
argument. I think we see that done every day in
every State of the Union. The legislative power
of Missouri is supreme in that State, yet they
parcel it out and delegate it to counties, to city
corpoiations, and municipalities, and two thirds
of the legislation for all the communities in the
State is through these lesser agencies created by
State authority. Come to the District of Colum-
bia. The Constitution says Congress shall have
exclusive power to legislate in all cases whatsoever
for this District; yet Congress has chartered the
city of Washington and the city of Georgetown,
and authorized "their people to elect a legislative
council with power to pass ordinances in which
they establish a police, fix the grades of the
streets, assess property, and levy taxes. Where
do they get the authority r Whence? From Con-
gress How did Congress get it? By virtue of a
special grant in the Constitution. Then it cannot
be true that Congress cannot delegate power;
because if Congress cannot delegate, the acts of
all your corporate authorities are null and void,
although the judiciary has affirmed their legality.
I will not presume to comment on this argument.
Corporations of this description are in the habit
of legislating, assessing property, selling it for
taxes, and divesting the title of the owner, and
yet all this is done by delegated authority. It is
too late to bring this authority into question.
But, what could be the purpose of using an
argument of that kind? Why has it been urged
that Congress cannot delegate any of its authority
I to the Territories? What is the object of that?
j I can see no object save one, and that is to prove
I that the power of legislation is an inherent, ori-
! ginal powerof the Territory; in other words, that
' the power of legislation is not derived from Con-
gress. If that was not the purpose of the argu-
ment, it was used for no intelligible purpose. If
it was used for that purpose, then the writer in-
volves himself in this absurdity and contradic-
tion—and I use the term with all due respect: he
says the Territory cannotexercise the power until
they are organized by Congress. Now, if it be
an original, inherent power, they can exercise
it, without let or hindrance of Congress, or any
other legislative body in this or in any other coun-
try. But, on this subject, I am reminded by the
Senator from Ohio that California was an instance,
and the first instance, of the exercise of popular
sovereignty. I think that Senator was a little mis-
taken. in the first place, the doctrine is, that an
"organized" Territory may exercise this power.
California never was "organized"* as a Territory.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator is mistaken. I said
that phrase was invented for the benefit of Cali-
fornia.
Mr. GREEN. I understood him to say that
was the first instance in which the squatter-sov-
ereignty power was exercised.
Mr. J?UGH. No, sir; I said that was the case
to which the sentence was first applied. I think
the thirteen original Colonies were the first case
of squatter sovereignty.
Mr. GREEN. Yob, sir; and that, at last, is
the only kind of "squatter sovereignty" left to
us! But, sir, that kind is revolution / It is revo-
lution in your Territory, and if that is the kind
of squatter sovereignty you want, 1 am, if possi-
ble, more unalterably opposed to it, and so will be
the Federal authority. It is revolution. You
assimilate it to the Colonies, and have no other
kind of squatter sovereignty save that which, in
their dire necessities, the thirteen Colonics re-
sorted to. They drew the sword and fought their
battles on Bunker Hill, and throughout this broad
land, by force, maintained their right to squatter
sovereignty; but it was revolution in the eyes of
the world and of themselves. So it is with Kan-
sas and Nebraska. The very moment you under-
take to give or to recognize the existence in them
of the same power, it is a revolution of the same
character as that wrought by our fathers, though
without any of the reasons which they had it in
their power to plead in justification therefor.
But, in order to avoid the force and effect of the
decision in the Dred Scott ease, we are told that
" slavery is local and freedom is national." This
is a very favorite catch-phrase of the Republicans:
<( slavery is local, and freedom is national! " Well,
sir, when the Constitution was formed, of the
thirteen original States, twelve had slaves, and one
only had provided for the prospective abolition of
slavery, but still had slaves. Where was the na-
tional freedom then? I should like to be informed.
Why, sir, the contrary—the converse of the prop-
osition, is true, according to the meaning attached
by northern fanatics to the words "freedom,"
"anti-slavery." "Anti-slavery " is ZoeaZ, and the
right to hold property in slaves was and is na-
tional. I assert that proposition, and I intend to
maintain it. I know that each locality invested
! with sovereign power has the right to provide for
1 the prospective extinction of slavery or any other
! species of property; but that makes itu local pro-
hibition, confined to the State making the prohibi-
tion; and, except where that local prohibition
legally exists, the right to hold slave property
remains. The right continues to exist all overall
the States and all the Territories of the Union.
And even the prohibiting locality can repeal its
act. The converse of the proposition is there-
fore true; the right to hold slaves is national, it is
constitutional, and can be lawfully claimed and
exercised by any one and by all the States of this
Union. The prohibition of slavery is local. I
do not want my southern friends to be startled at
the singularity of this proposition. It is true,
and I shall be able to sustain myself in it. The
advocates of the locality of slavery refer to this
clause of the Constitution:
" No person held to service or labor m one ytate, under
ttie laws thereof, escaping into anothci, shall, m conse-
quence of any law or regulation theiem, be discharged from
such service "or labor, but shall be delivered up on claim
of the party to whom such seiviee or labor may be due."1'
And for the purpose of construing it so as to
prove that slavery is local, they quote " no person
held to service or labor in one State under the
laMfs thereof," and say, "now docs it not say
slavery is local"—"held under the laws of the
State"—" the laws thereof ?" Very well. An ar-
gument that will not bear being carried out to its
logical consequences is not worthy of consider-
ation. Let us see what the rest of it is:
1' No person held to service or labor.in one State, under
the laws thereof, escaping into another, shall, in conse-
quence of any law or regulation therein "—
