1516
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 3,
Constitution regards all these laws and institu-
tions as valid and right, because made by compe-
tent State authority. Whenever a right attaches
in a State under the authority of any such law,
whether it be statute law or common law, and the
party holding- the right passes into a Territory,
with the property to which the right has thus
attached, it foils immediately under the operation
of this protective principle of the Constitution,
and remains under its protection so long as the
Federal jurisdiction continues over such Terri-
tory.
And this consequence does not flow from the
fact that each individual takes with him the local
law of the State whence he came, but because he
carries the right already vested by law, and which
cannot be divested in a Territory while it remains
under Federal jurisdiction. This principle may
be aptly compared to the general rule regulating
contracts. A contract, valid in the State where
made, is bound to be respected in every other
State. Its validity depends on the lex loci. Its
enforcement is according to the lex fori. It does
not follow from this that the party claiming under
a contract made in another State carries about
with him the law of his domicile. So it is with
slavery It being lawful in South Carolina to own
slaves, when the master takes his slave therefrom
into a Territory, he does not carry with him the
local law of South Carolina, but he carries with
him a legal right originating under the laws of
South Carolina, and the Federal Constitution rec-
, ognizes and protects the right. Not so, however,
with polygamy. That practice is not lawful in
any State. There is no State in the Union where
polygamy is tolerated or established by law. I
undertake to say, however, Mr. Speaker, that if
the laws of any State of this Union recognized,
tolerated, or established polygamy, and an indi-
vidual citizen of that State, under the laws of that
State, should marry two, three, or four women,
and should carry them into one of the common
Territories of the United States, the contract of
marriage between lum and those women, being-
valid by the laws of the State where the contract
of marriage was entered into, there would be no
power in this Federal Government to break up
that contract or to declare the connection a crim-
inal one. Such a question, I admit, cannot arise;
because no State of the Union has established the
system of polygamy, or is likely to do so.
I therefore repudiate entirely the idea that there
is any analogy between the crime of polygamy
and the institution of slavery, as it exists in the
South. Kut while I repudiate that doctrine, and
hold that Congress may enact any law which a
Territorial Legislature might, enact under author-
ity of Congress, I am opposed to the provisions
of this bill, for the reasons which I will proceed
now to lay before the f louse.
In the first place, I say that the practice of this
Government has been against this mode of legis-
lation for the organized Territories. 1 undertake
to say that there is a constitutional objection in
the way of this kind of legislation, while the or-
ganic act of the Territory continues to exist and
the power to make local laws is not withdrawn.
We all understand the theory of our Govern-
ment to be, that all power of malting laws was
originally in the people themselves. In the ab-
sence of written laws, the people of a community
might assemble together and make all laws ne-
cessary for their security. But when they as-
sembfwl in convention to frame a State constitu-
tion, they delegated the power to make their laws
to the legislative department of the State govern-
ment. While that department exists, it is con-
trary to the practice of all civilized Governments
for the people to take back the power of making
laws directly to themselves, and to enter into
conventions for the purpose of making their own
laws Now, there was a ease decided by the su-
preme court ot my own State precisely in point.
1 he Legislature of the State of Missouri passed
an act creating a new county; but that act con-
tained a provision leaving it to the people of that
county todecide, by vote, whether that law should
go into operation or-not. The question was car-
ried up to the supreme court, and that tribunal
decided that the legislative power of the State had
been delegated by the people to the legislative
department of the State government, and that,
therefore, those same people who had delegated
the power could not directly exercise the power
themselves. If that decision be correct, when
Congress delegated its power to legislate over
matters which concerned the people of these Ter-
ritories alone, it is in conflict with the principles
of all government for Congress to undertake to
exercise these powers at the same time, directly
and immediately, as proposed by this bill. What
would be the condition of things if we were now
to set in operation the^e two'law-making ma-
chines at the same time over the same Territory,
and embracing the same subjects ? There would
be the Congress of the United States engaged in
making laws upon a certain subject to-day, and
the Territorial Legislature of Utah engaged in
making laws upon the same subject, and those
laws coming into conflict with each other. The
power of the Territorial Legislature is derived
from Congress itself; and here would be the body
which has delegated the power, and the body to
which the power is delegated, both legislating at
the same time, and upon the same subjects. Un-
utterable confusion and disorder must be the con-
sequence.
But there is another objection. I said, on a
former occasion,it was impracticable for the Con-
gress of the United States to mtlke all the local
laws necessary for regulating the domestic con-
cerns of a Territory. If we set out with the idea
of correcting- all local wrongs in a Territory, we
shall have no time for any other kind of business.
If wo undertake to make laws to punish polyg-
amy, murder, arson, and all other crimes which
exist in a Territory which a Territorial Legis-
lature does not think proper to punish, we shall
never see an end of such legislation; and the whole
time of this Congress will be taken up with these
vexed questions, while the great interests of the
country will be neglected We cannot accomplish
such ends as this bill is designed to reach, in this
body, by any such means.
But that is not all. What do we know in ref-
erence to the wantsof a Territory? What do we
know of the people of Utah this day? How many
members of Congress upon this floor know how
to reach the evil attempted to be reached by this
bill? How many members of Congress know
what will be the practical operation of this bill, if
it passes into a law ? I undertake to say, that not
ten gentlemen upon this floor can understand what
its effect will be. Some gentlemen suppose that
the bill is intended to punish Brigham Young
and those who have numerous wives in Utah.
Ijtndertake to say that the punishment will fall
anywhere else than upon Brigham Young. It'it
falls upon anybody, it will fall upon those poor
deluded women who have been induced to s:o to
Utah. They may feel its force, in being deprived
of a home for themselves and their children.
There is where the punishment will fall; and per-
haps Brigham Young would be glad to get rid of
some of his old wives. Indeed, no one can know
how this bill will operate.
I refer to these things as an illustration of the
fact that this body is not competent to 'legislate in
reference to the local concerns of a distant Terri-
tory, because we have not the information which
will enable us to perform that duty.
But there is another objection to this hill. We
are undertaking, at one single blow, to strike down
this system, without looking to the consequences
which will follow from it. This Government has
already spent fifteen or twenty million dollars to
keep Utah in subjection. Wliat will be the effect
of this bill? I say, that before we pass it, we
had better make an appropriation of $50,000,000
to increase the Army, because you very possibly
may have to carry on another war under this
bill. 1 am not one of those who would hesitate
to spend millions of dollars to put down a wrong
in a practicable and proper manner; but when
the effect of this bill will be, not to suppress the
institution at which it is aimed, but only to bring
about trouble with that people, I must certainly
oppose it. \
But, again: the people of Utah, as has been
stated here by the gentleman from Illinois, showed
a rebellious spirit when in Illinois. They did the
same thing when in Missouri. We had to drive
them out of Missouri, and tjie people of Illinois
had to drive them out of Illinois. And now they
have got into the mountain passes, and the ques-
tion is, what shall we do with them ? I am will-
ing to vote for the proposition of the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. McClernand,] for the reason
that it will enable us to get rid of a great evil, and
in a way which will not bring these troubles upon
the people and the Government. I am willing to
vote for the amendment of the gentleman from
North Carolina, [Mr. Branch.] Substantially, it
is right; though it requires correction in details.
I am willing to vote for the proposition of the gen-
tleman from Texas, [Mr. Reagan.] Indeed, 1 am
ready.to vote for any proposition, provided it is
not an attempt to introduce into this body direct
legislation in reference to the domestic institutions
of a Territory.
Mr. BRANCH. I think I understand what
the gentleman from Missouri alludes to as a cor-
rection needed in the details of the bill. I think
he means that the bill does not provide for com-
pensating the members of the Legislature. I can
satisfy the gentleman on that score. My amend-
ment proposes to repeal only two sections of the
bill organizing Utah; and all these matters relat-
ing to the compensation of members of the Legis-
lature, and to details of that description, stand in
the original act organizing the Territory unre-
pealed. I do not propose to touch them at all.
They are all provided for in the sections of the
act, which I do not propose to repeal.
Mr. NOELL. I understand the gentleman
from North Carolina. The difficulty with ^e in
regard to the matter is, that the proposition does
not directly'refer to the provision as being ap-
plied to the Legislative Council proposed by this
amendment. There is a provision there to pay
'tho members of the Legislative Assembly, but no
term is used to apply that provision to the new
Legislative Council.
Mr. BRANCH. I would say in reply to that,
that even if the gentleman from Missouri were
correct in this, it is provided for in another way.
The Legislature would have the power to say
what these details should be, and Congress would
make an annual appropriation of a limited amount
to pay these expenses, which amount they could
not exceed. They could not go beyond that
amount. Hence they Gould not vote themselves
very extravagant pay. In addition to that, if they
did vote themselves extravagant pay, or if they
passed any other bad laws, the President of the
United States and the Senate would remove the
members of the Council.
Mr. NOELL. I would say to tho gentleman
from North Carolina that I do not make that such
an objection to the proposition as would prevent
me from voting for it. I merely made the sugges-
tion, thinking that the objection might be remedied.
That objection, however, is not very powerful in
its influence on my mind. My main objection is
to the bill reported by the committee. 1 regard it
as utterly impracticable. The effect of it will not
be to put down the crime of polygamy. The evil
will still continue, while innumerable difficulties
will spring from the law.
I do not hold that the fact that Congress under-
took to pass a law punishing crimes in a Terri-
tory, brings about the conclusion that Congress
might pass a law on any other subject. I under-
stand the Federal Governijicnt to be one possess-
ing limited powers. I understand that the Con-
gress of tho United States cannot transcend these
powers. The right to property in slaves is a right,
recognized by the Constitution of the United
States, and by the constitutions of tnc different
slave States of the Union; and when that institu-
tion passes into the common Territories, the Con-
stitution of the United States protects it. It is
unlike this system of polygamy, which is not rec-
ognized as an institution in any of the States of
the Union. If it were, if an individual, by virtue
of the laws of any State of the Union, as 1 be-
fore remarked, were to be married to three, four,
five, or half a dozen women, and if that marriage
were valid m the State, and he took them into
one of the common Territories of the Union, I
believe there would be no power in the Federal
Government to break up such marital relations,
or to punish the individual for that which was not
a crime where lie' committed it.
Mr. REAGAN. By the consent of the gentle-
man from Missouri, I wish to call his attention to
a point winch seems to have escaped his attention,
and which would seem to-make his argument un-
tenable, and to place him and his friends m a wrong
position.
Mr. NOELL. I will listen to the gentleman.
Mr. REAGAN. There is an assumption in a
