2460
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 30,
master General a right to determine by his oWu wish
whether the mails should be carricd two, four, or eight times
a month. Having decided that they should be carried eight
timesj he made his contract accordingly, bound the con-
tractors to that amount of service, and agreed to pay them
for it the sum of $600,000 per annum. He made"no pro-
vision for any future change, either in the service or the
pay. I do not see upon what principle of construction this
act of Congress can be made to confer an arbitrary power
of altering the contract. It is suggested that the option of
the Department is " a continuing option," that is, an option
to vary the service as often as you please, during the whole
six years. It is impossible for me to sCe anything of the
sort- in this statute. A p<Aver to choose is exhausted when
the choice is made; a r^ght of election is ended when it is
exercised. The power to select the route is given by this
same law to the Postmaster General; he made his election
of the southern route, and bargained with his contractors
to carry the mail over it. Could he change his mind after-
wards, and require them to penetrate the wilderness by
another track ? Yet, why has he not a continuing option
with regard to the route as w«ll at> the service ? Suppose
this were acontractfor carrymgmallsona long line across
the ocean, in sailing vessels for §100,000, or in steamers for
$200,000 2>er annum, at the option of the Postmaster Gen-
eral: could you under such a contract make the contractor
change his means of conveyance from steamers to sailing
vessels as often as the Post Office Department might change
its wishes?
3. The right to change the service from semi-weekly to
weekly or semi-monthly, and reduce the pay in proportion,
is not reserved m this contract, and I certainly need not say
that you cannot interpolate into such an instrument what
the parties did not put there at the time it was made. Why
was that usual covenant loft out? I know not how this
question can be answered except by referring it to the
deliberate intention of tho parties that no such power of
changing the service should exist, it will not do at all to
say that because other contracts contained a stipulation to
that.effect, this one, which is unlike them, must be treated
a* If it resembled them. On the contrary, its variance from
the general form proves beyond doubt that it was the inten-
tion to give it a different effect.
Let ine recapitulate briefly. A mail contract, like other
agreements, when once made, cannot be changed by one
party against the will of the other, unless the power to
change is expressly revived in the contract itself. Gener-
ally contracts for carrying the mails have a stipulation in
them for power to change the amount of service and com-
pensation as the Postmaster General may think proper. But
there is no such stipulation here. It must have boon omit-
ted because the panic* intended that no siu-h power should
he exereised. Nor does the act of Congress authorize you
to insert what the partus left out. The option of the Post-
master General gave that functionary a right to determine
whether the contract should be made for semi-monthly,
weekly, or scmt-wcckly serviee, but not a right to change
the contract alter it was made.
It seems to me very natural, that, in a case like this, the
contractors would insist upon having their service and their
pay settled by the contract at once and forever. They
could not afford to buy their stock and send it so many thou-
sands of miles into the wilderness and on the deserts, to
have the half of it made useless ns soon as it got thcte, by
an order from the Department reducing the service. Noi
would It iiave been more (air to expose thorn to the <lane<M
of being suddenly required to increase a setvlec which
ctyiid not be tnei cased without a large amount of additional
stock, and many month** of previous preparation. It mu«.t
be remembered that if the Postmaster General has an> op-
tion, except what was cxereused when he made the'eou-
tiaet for semi-weekly service, it i* an option wholly unre-
stricted ; he m.t> exeici^e it ten tnne«5 a 3 ear lip or down,
and pay nothing for the losses which the contractus would
be sure to suflei. These mc reasons,« priori, for believing
that the UMial clause on this subjcct^was loit out of the
contract, after consideration, fiom motives of prudenec on
the one side and justice on the other. It is enough, how
ever, that nothing ot the kind is in it. On the whole, my
opinion is, that yon cannot change the service and ledtice
tho pay of these contractors without violating the liuth
which the Government pledged to them by the agreement
of your predcccssor.
f am not at liberty, nor do F thmk you are, to inquire
whether it was well or ill for tl^e Government to make this
contract. The unfortunate condition m which the JDepait-
ment has unexpectedly found itself might make us wish
to get clear of as many burdens as possible; but. the pecu-
liiaiy interests of the country aie not the most important;
It has a fai deeper stake m doing justice, and maintaining
the laws. I am., very respectfully, youis, &.c.,
J. S. BLACK.
Hon. Joseph IIolt, Postmaster General.
Mr. LATHAM. Now, Mr. President, it is
proposed to do that which the Attorney General
says "justice and maintaining the laws" abso-
lutely forbid, and all tlua under the plea that this
route interferes with the perfection of a great over-
land mail system. I deny it, sir. I deny that
any such action upon the part of your Government
is necessary m order to give us such mail facilities
to the Pacific cpast as the people there require or
demand. If, sir, you give the power to the Post-
master General, and to this company, by mutual
con-sent, to shorten their route and schedule time,
not interfering with their present compensation,
you will have, as is proposed by my amendment,
a great southern .overland mail service performed
three times a week in twenty days' time. Then,
sir, if you increase the service from St. Joseph to
Piacerville to a tri-weekly mail, at a compensa-
tion of $400,000 per annum, you will have a great
middle overland mail. This route should from
the first have been placed upon an equality with
the Butterfield route; and instead of being reduced
in time by the Postmaster General, should have
been increased, to correspond with the southern
line. Give, then, as is proposed, a mail from St.
Paul, Minnesota, via St. Cloud, and from Supe-
rior, Wisconsin, via Crow "Wing, to the Dalles,
in Oregon—the trip to be performed in twenty
days, from May 1 to November 1, and in thirty
days the remainder of the year—at a cost not
exceeding $200,000, and you have, then, three
great overland mails, gratifying each section of
the country and supplying all of their respective
wants. In all, except the extreme northern route
during the winter season, the service will be per-
formed within the period of twenty days. By the
Postmaster General's arranging the schedule of
the time of departure on the Butterfield and Salt
Lake routes, there will be six mails each week,
making a daily overland scrvice leaving, respect-
ively,the AtlantioiStates and California; and l am
quite sure that the people of the Pacific coast will
be well satisfied for the present with these great
mail facilities. The cost to the Government will
then be, for this great overland service, as'fol-
lows:
1. St. Joseph to Piacerville, tri-weekly  $400,000
2. St. Paul and the Dalles  200,000
3. The liuuerlield, tri-wcckly   600,000
Making in the aggregate, per annum §1,200,000
Tho bill which I advocate also provides a route
from Sacramento City, California, to Portland,
Oregon, through the most important intermediate
points, granting a compensation not to exceed
$100,000 per annum, which sum is not properly
chargeable to tho great overland system; but if it
is, you make an outlay of §1,300,000.
Now, Mr. President, so long as you continue
the franking privilege it will be utterly impossi-
ble, in my humble judgment, to carry the entire
printed matter overland. If the franking privi-
lege is abolished, which I should have voted for
if) had been in the Senate when the bill was un-
der consideration, then the entire mail matter can
easily be transported overland, obviating the ne-
cessity of an ocean mail contract. The bill which
I advocate has a provision authorizing the Post-
master General to contract for the transportation
of the printed matter mid franked documents be-
tween the Atlantic and Pacific States at a cost not
exceeding $100,000 per annum, the service to be
tri-weekly, and not to exceed in time twenty-one
days, and to continue only while the franking
privilege lasts. This, of course, includes the
amount which would have to be paid for Isthmus
transportation.
I am well aware that there is an increasing dis-
position upon the part of the people of the Pacific
coast, and 1 believe also in many of the Atlantic
States, to entirely get rid of all ocean mail service
between the Atlantic and the Pacific. But we
had as well look at the feasibility of any plan
which proposes to do away entirely with this
ocean mail service. I have been credibly informed,
by those who have been and are most conversant
with overland mail service, that no coach or
wagon can, over any of the roads proposed, haul,
exclusive of passengers, more than one thousand
pounds, and make the proposed time of twenty
days. The weight of the present mail matter to
California, by ocean from New York, for sixteen
trips, has averaged over twenty-nine thousand
pounds per trip, making fourteen and a half tons
each trip, or twenty-nine tons per month. This
is entirely exclusive of the overland mail, which,
in February, ISfiO, amounted to 03,030 letters,
and in March 71,557, from California to St. Louis;
and 38,074 lcttcis in February, 1860, and 40,908
in March, were received in San Francisco from
St. Louis.
Upon this subject of the increase of the over-
land mail, I shall append to my remarks, for ref-
erence by Senators, a table (said to have been
prepared by the postmaster in San Francisco, and
which I have seen published in a California jour-
nal) showing the number of letters which have
passed overland on all the routes from Septem-
ber, 1858, to March, 1860. Within bounds, the
entire mail matter at present to California amounts
to a ton and a half, or from two to three thousand
pounds per day—an amount of matter which it
must be'atonce apparentit would be utterly impos-
sible to transport over the proposed overland mail
routes, even if they were m the most successful
operation, as is contemplated by the bill I advo-
cate. The largest weight of mail matter, as I have
been indisputably informed, for any one trip by
sea to California, was over thirty-five thousand
pounds. A year's mail from New York to San
Francisco only would weigh the enormous sum of
six hundred and ninety-six thousand pounds, and
measure five hundred and thirty tons! Now, if the
Government should pay upon this freight the mini-
mum charge, as paid to the express companies
from New York to San Francisco—to wit, twenty-
five cents per pound—this would cost $174,000
for one way only. In addition to all this, there is
your South American coast, and tho sea-ports
lying along the Pacific Mexican coast; your Aus-
tralian, your Japanese, and Chinese interests that
are now supplied with mail facilities by the pres-
ent ocean mail service from New York to San
Francisco.
I am, therefore, in favor, with a proper appre-
ciation of all the interests at stake, and with your
franking law unrepealed, of giving a contract for
carrying the printed matter between the Atlantic
and Pacific States to steamers, at a cost not ex-
ceeding $400,000. You would then have a lri~
monthly ocean service, not to excced twenty-one
days, from New York to San Francisco; supply-
ing, at the same time, all your commercial inter-
ests in South America, Australia, Mexico, China,
and Japan.
To recapitulate: you would have six mails per
week from the Atlantic States to California over-
land; a weekly mail from St. Paul to Oregon; a
daily mail from Sacramento City to Oregon; and
a tn-monthly ocean service, within twenty-one
days, at a total cost of the sum of §1,700,000; which
is $537,697 less than was paid over one year ago,
as I have previously stated, and which makes an
increase upon the sum now actually paid (and
from which we derive such limited facilities in com-
parison with this proposed change) of $537,724.
This will make, in my humble judgment, an over-
land and ocean system of mails as perfect as ex-
isting contracts will permit; and will be eminently
satisfactory to all portions of the country.
If, however, Mr. President, the majority of
Congress are determined to abrogate the present
contracts for carrying the mail overland to Cali-
fornia, then, sir, I hope there will be no exception,
and that the rule will be general in its application;
and that all the present contracts will be set aside;
and that the Postmaster General shall be author-
ized to receive sealed proposals for carrying a
daily overland mail over any route parties may
select, and from any point on the Mississippi river
their interest may dictate, to San Francisco, Cali-
fornia; and he shall be authorized to enter into
contract with the lowest responsible bidder who
will carry all the mail matter in the shortest time,
and over tho shortest route. If you adopt this
plan, and will pay for it, the extraordinary time
made by the pony express—the greatest enter-
prise of the day—proves that our entire letter mail
can and will be carried across the continent in the
short space of twelve days. This is what should
have been done in the first instance; and if we
are going to start anew, regardless of our present
obligations, let us act regardless of all sectional
interests or jealousies.
One thing more, Mr. President, and I will not
further occupy the attention of the Senate. I am
perfectly aware that there are many Senators upon
this floor, who have no immediate interestin these
mail facilities, who are disposed to regard this out-
lay by the Government as entirely dispropor-
tionate to the service rendered or benefits derived.
The Postmaster General, m his report made to
Congress in December last, is disposed to take
this view of the question. He makes a calcula-
tion of the population of the Pacific, and says
thatthepostal expenditure amounts to about|4 14
for each person, including all ages and conditions:
and in the same connection he draws, what seems
to me, an i'nvidious comparison of the cost of
postal facilities to the residue of the people of a
Government of ^hirty million, which he says " is
in a proportion of less than forty-one cents to each
person. He also says in this connection:
" Were the Inhabitants of the country east of the ltoeky
