1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1517
former part of the gentleman's speech that the
right to have slave property protected in a Terri-
tory resulted from the force of the laws of the
States from which it may be taken; and that any
other institutionrecognized by a State must be pro-
tected in a Territory. It has occurred to me, from
the course of the Dred Scott decision, as well as
from examining the Constitution on this subject,
that the right rests on clauses of the Federal Con-
stitution guarantying the security of private tested
rights and personal property. All that the author-
ity of the State confers is the original investiture
of the title to the property; and then there is the
clause of the Federal Constitution concerning per-
sonal property and private rights, which secures
them against the interference of the Federal Gov-
ernment within the Territories.
Mr. NOELL. The gentleman from Texas has
misapprehended the point of my argument, to
some extent. I maintain the position which I took;
and the remarks that have fallen from the gentle-
man have not changed my views. I understand
this to be a Government of a number of different
sovereign States that comprise the whole Confed-
eracy; that the theory of the Constitution is, that
each is equal to the other, and that, so long as
they remain equal copartners in the compact, the
institutions and rights that are vested by the laws
of each one of these States must be respected by
the Federal Government in all tlie common ter-
ritory that belongs to the Union. I lay down that
as a fundamental doctrine. It rises above the
mere positive provisions of the Constitution, and
results from the very nature of the compact; and
whenever the Federal Government refuses to rec-
ognize in a Territorya right vested by local State
law, it treats that State with disrespect. That is
my position. If there were no such provisions in
the Constitution as those mentioned by the gen-
tleman from Texas, the mere fact that the States
had entered into a Confederacy as equal copart-
ners would involve the necessity of the principle
that the General Government would recognize
within the sphere of its jurisdiction the institu-
tions and rights of all of the States; so that, when
a man, owning a slave within the limits of a sov-
ern State by virtue of the laws thereof, passes be-
yond the limits of that State, and enters into a
Territory, which is the common property of all
of the States, the Constitution holds that that
property i£ rightfully held, because of the fact
that the laws of the State authorized it; and the
Constitution requires that it shall be protected.
That is my view of the matter, independently of
any express provision of the Constitution.
If that were not the case, I apprehend that none
of the States would have entered into the Union
at all. It is in such cases precisely as it is un-
der the common law of contracts. It is a well-
esfablished principle, that a contract made in one
Stafe, if valid by the laws thereof, and if the par-
ties to that contract transfer their domicile to
another State, is valid also in that State. Why?
Because it is lawful where made. The manner of
enforcing that contract is provided for by the law
where the remedy is sought; but the validity of
the contract is determined by the law where the
contract is made. So it is with regard to the rights
of property. The Constitution of the United
States prohibits, from its very nature, any inter-
ference by the Federal Government with the rights
of property, whether vested under the laws of
Massachusetts or under those of South Carolina.
I care not whether every single provision of the
Constitution having a direct bearing on the ques-
tion of slavery were stricken out, still every light
of property recognized by the local laws of each
Stale would exist whenever that property was
transferred to a Territory—the common piuperty
of all the States. That is my position.
On that view, the question of polygamy and the
question of slavery are entirely differentquestions.
My objection to this bill is not founded 011 the idea
that Congress could not, as an original proposi-
tion, legislate on the subject of polygamy. It is
not founded on the idea that the question of po-
lygamy is beyond the jurisdiction of Congress in
a Territory where there has not been any delega-
tion of the powers of local legislation. I recognize
the right of Congress to legislate in the Territo-
ries 011 all subjects from which they are not cut
off by the provisions of the Constitution itself.
Now, sir, it may be said that if we do not strike
at this evil through an act of Congress, we have
110 remedy for it. I undertake to say that if the
power of legislation in the Territory shall be ij-ith-
drawn from an elective Legislative Assembly, and
delegated to a Legislative Council to be appointed
by the President, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate of the United States, located in
the country, and familiar -with the wants and
necessities of the people, looking to the evil as it
exists there, and supplying a gradual remedy by
• some slow and certain procegs, we may be re-
lieved of this difficulty without further trouble in
regard to it.
If we undertake to pass this law, we have an elect-
ive Legislative Assembly still left in full operation
in Utah; and before this statute gets to Utah, if we
should undertake to execute it, they would have
other laws upon their local statute-bookthatwould
require the action of Congress to wipe out. Where
is the necessity of passing a direct law upon this
subject, and introducing a new subject into Con-
gress, for the purpose of bringing about confusion
between the Federal Government and the people
of the Territories ? Let us rather withdraw from
the people of the Territory the right to make these
laws for themselves, and transfer it to another
body qualified to exercise it in conformity to the
principles of our Government, and so as not to
shock the moral sense of the people everywhere.
This is the true theory; and if this object can be
accomplished by the proposition of the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mi-.McClernand,] orby the prop-
osition of the gentleman from North Carolina,
[Mr. Branch,] 1 am willing to vote for either of
them; but I must protest against the inauguration
of a new system of legislation for distant Terri-
tories. I am not terrified or prevented from sup-
porting this bill by any of the threats held out by
thegentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Etiieridge,]
in the extraordinary speech which he made yes-
terday. But 1 cannot vote for it for the reasons
which I have stated, because 1 believe thatit would
be impossible to accomplish the object we have
in view by the passage of this law, and because
I desire to have such a radical change 111 the sys-
tem of management in Utah as will save us the
necessity of all further interference in regard to
this or any other mere local questions.
Mr. OLIN. Mr. Speaker,! propose to vote for
this bill reported by the honorable gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Nelson,] not because I believe
that it will accomplish the object proposed by its
conductors, for, in the unfortunate state of things
which exists in that Territory, any law of this in-
scription would probably remain a dead letter in
the statute-book; but I propose to vote for it as the
best measure that has been presented to the con-
sideration of the House; and that it may stand at
least as a protest of the nation against the enorm-
ities which now curse and disgrace the Territory
of Utah.
I should-have been better pleased, far better
pleased, if the committee who had this subject in
charge had introduced a measure which would have
wiped from the statute-book the act creating the
territorial government of Utah, and established a
legislative tribunal, appointed by the President
and Senate, and a judicial system that could ar-
raign and punish, and execute the laws; and, sir,
I see no constitutional objections in the way of
such a proceeding. It is but recently in the his-
tpry of the legislation of this country that the power
of Congress to govern, in all respects, the Tern-
tones of the country has been questioned any-
where; and I do not understand now that that power
is questioned to govern the Territories, except that
certain limitations are spelt out or are implied in
the Constitution of the United States as restrain-
ing the power of Congress in certain cases. Hence
I ha\e been not a little astonished to hear gentle-
men inquire, in the course of this debate, how,
when Congress has once created a territorial gov-
ernment, and authorized the election of a Legis-
lative Assembly, it can thereafter interfere with it
in any respect, or control it by legislation; and one
gentleman who, I think, has adorned the bench,
inquired whether, after Congress has invested a
Territorial Assembly with the entire legislative
power, it is not forever precluded thereafter from
interfering with the operation of that government?
Now, a law creating a territorial government is
not a contract between the people of the Territory
and Congress by which we are bound. Laws are
simply the expression of thu supreme will of the
people through their representatives, subject to be
altered, changed, and modified, at the pleasure of
the law-making power.
I assert that the power of Congress had never
been denied or questioned up to 1850, by any
statesman or jurist in the country, to legislate for
the Territories upon all the domestic relations,
slavery excluded, and it cannot be denied.
You'will find that, in all the territorial bills
passed up to 1850, the power of Congress is ex-
pressly reserved to pass upon the legislation of
the Territories, and either approve or disapprove
it. The creation of a legislative body for a par-
ticular Territory or district was merely a con-
venient mode of doing the business, instead of
doing it by direct legislation of Congress.
The very existence of the power to create a
territorial government implies, of course, the
right to legislate for the Territories. No man
can dispute that proposition who has read any-
thing in Blackstone. Now, after weucquired the
Territory of Louisiana, gentlemen are probably
familiar with the government that was then insti-
tuted, and as it was a little different in its features
from modern territorial governments, I wish to
call the attention of the House to it.
By an act passed, I think, in October, 1803,
after the acquisition of thatTerritory from France,
Congress enacted " that all the military, civil,
and judicial powers exercised by the existing
government of the same, shall be vested in such
person or persons, and shall be exercised in such
manner, as the President shall direct." And that
was the form of government that existed for a
period of one year over the Territory of Louis-
iana. All legislative, judicial, and military power
in the Territory was vested iji persons selected
by the President, to be exercised as directed by
him. Now, under the machinery of this territorial
governmentof Utah, a judicial tribunal is created,
and it is modeled, of course, in "accordance with
thatclauseof the Constitution of the United States
relating to the judiciary of the United States; that
is, guarantying the right of trial by jury, aiftl the
protection against trials under criminal law of any
persons until indicted by a grand jury. But, sir,
this whole system, and indeed the whole theory
of our Government, rests upon the assumption
of the voluntary obedience of the people to law.
The moment that voluntary obedience ceases,
this machinery is thrown into disorder; your gov-
ernment is at an end, and you have 110 means of
enforcing or protecting any right in civil or social
life. And, Mr. Speaker, this measure,reported
by my friend from Tennessee, [Mr. Nelson,!
and all the substitutes and amendments proposed
for it, do not reach the difficulty, and never will
reach the difficulty, so long as you undertake to
carry out this theory in Utah. I11 my opinion,
you have the means of accomplishing the desired
end, but your judicial system will never be ade-
quate to the accomplishment of any such purpose.
The right of trial by jury, and the right of re-
quiring that that trial shall be preceded by indict-
ment by the grand jury, are based upon the as-
sumption that the grand jury will be willing to
carry out the law if it lead to an indictment, and
that the petty jury will be willing to carry out
the law if H lead to a conviction. But do you ex-
pect any such result in a community like that in
Utah ?
Now there is certainly no ground for suppos-
ing—and I believe no jurist has ever pretended
that the provisions of the Constitution of the
United States 111 relation to the erection of the
judiciary system, in which trial by jury, and in-
dictment by a grand jury are guarantied to the
people of a State, are applicable at all to the Ter-
ritories of the United States. Nobody holds to
that. If it were so, you have -been trying and
hanging men in violation of the Constitution and
laws of the United States for the past fifty years.
For if the judicial tribunals in the Territories are
required to be formed after the rule prescribed in
the Constitution of the United States, those men
who have been tried and hung by the judgment
of your territorial courts have been tried and
hung in violation of the Constitution; and the
judge, jury, and officers, who have acted in such
cases, ai-e guilty of murder, unless it be true that
Congress h«is full power to create a tribunal court
wholly unlike those tribunals prescribed in the
Constitution of the United States for the States.
Now, Mr. Speaker, certainly it gave me no
pleasure to se.e mixed up in a debate of thisdescrip-
