1518
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 3,
tion the question involving the rights of slave-
holders to carry their slaves into the Territories,
and hold them tfoere in spite of the power of Con-
grese. In my judgment,ithas nothing todo with
thfs question; but if you will take the last expo-
sition given by the Supreme Court of the United
States of the power of Congress over the Terri-
tories, you will observe the position assumed in
thatdecision by the learned judges—and whether
it is right or wrong I do not propose at this time
to argue—you will* find that it is based, not upon
any want of power on the part of Congress to
govern a Territory; not upon the right of Con-
gress to institute such government as they see fit,
whether they shall reserve the power of legislation
to themselves, or grant it to be exercised by a
Legislative Council, or intrustit entirely to the ter-
ritorial government—all power over that subject
rests in the pleasure of Congress, with only the
limitations found in the Constitution on the exer-
cise of this power.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I should like to see
whether I understand the position that the gen-
tleman takes. Do I understand him to hold that
Congress has entire power over the legislation of
a T erritory ?
Mr. OLIN. Congress possesses all the legis-
lative power that can be exercised under the Con-
stitution.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. What po>ver has
Congress to enforce even the organic act of a Ter-
ritory if the people of aTerritory refuse to accept
it? I ask the gentleman that question.
Mr. OLIN. I hardly see what that question
has to do with the subject. I do not know that
I understand the gentleman.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I repeat the ques-
tion. Suppose the people of a Territory do not
choose to accept it: what power has Congress to
enforce it?
Mr. OLIN. The same power that Congress
has to enforce any act affecting the Territory.
The &me power that the government of a State
has over the citizens within the limits of a State,
and even more; for, according to the decisions of
the Supreme Court, as I understand them, Con-
gress has the same power over the people of the
Territories, that Congress and a State government
combined have over the people of that State. '
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Well, sir, what
power has a State government to force the people
of that State to execute its organic law, if they
dioose not to do it?
Mr. OLIN. Of what importance is that ques-
tion ?
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. The gentleman asks
the question, what the importance of that is? 1
tlunk that is begging the whole matter. He thinks
that Congress has an absolute, unconditional
power of legislation over the Territories, and of
passing an organic act for a Territory, while the
people themselves have no power. Now, it seems
to me that it is important, in reference to that as-
sertion—1 do not call itan argument—that the gen-
tleman should answer the question, what power
this Government has to compel the people of a
Territory to accept an organic act, if they choose
not to do it? I hold that these organic acts arc
matters of arrangement or accommodation bet ween
the parties; and that if the people of a Territory
do not choose to accept the act we pass, we cannot
force them to do it. We have no power within
the Government to do it.
Mr. OLIN. Well, Mr. Speaker, this proposi-
tion is ft most extraordinary one—that the Con-
gress of the United States have really no control
over the public domain; have no right to pass any
. law respecting it; and have no right to prohibit
you or me, or any one, from entering upon it or
settling upon it.
Why, sir, nobody ever questioned that until this
new doctrine of squatter sovereignty was intro-
duced. Do we not claim the right to control the
public land? Cannot we say how you may go
upon it? Cannot we convict trespassers and pun-
ish them ? Have we not done that over and over
again ? The gentleman asks me how can we com-
pel a Territory to accept an act to create a terri-
torial government? How can we compel them to
accept it' We constitute a territorial government,
enact a code of laws, send a Governor, judges,
and marshal to enforce them, and the people must
yield obedience to them or resist them. If they
resist, the whole power of the General Govern-
ment may be invoked to suppress such resistance;
and tjjc only way to avoid accepting the act, would
be to quit the Territory. *They will quietly march
out if they do not accept it, or undergo the pen-
alties of the law.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I understand the
gentleman to say that, if the people of a Territory
are not disposed to accept just such an organic
act as he may choose to propose, he is in favor of
driving them out. ,
Mr. OLIN. You misunderstand me.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. That is the logical
deduction from your argument.
Mr. OLIN. I will proceed with my argument.
Gentlemen who have perused the decisions of the
judges of the Supremo Court in the Dred Scott
case, know that not one of the judges denied the
power of Congress to exercise legislation with
respect to all the relations of life—to exercise
legislation on all legitimate subjects of legislation,
except where the power is limited by the Consti-
tution. It is undertaken to spell out of the Con-
stitution a limitation on the subject of slavery,
upon the ground that the Constitution guaranties
the right of property in slaves. It is alleged that,
being thus guarantied by the Constitution, it can-
not be affected by any act of Congress. And now,
if some ingenious gentleman can spell out of the
Constitution in the same way, some guarantee for
the protection and security of adultery and polyg-
amy, we will discover another constitutional lim-
itation on the power of Congress to legislate for
the Territories.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I ask the gentle-
man whether he thinks Congress has the light,
under the Constitution, to pass a law for the es-
tablishment of slavery in a Territory?
Mr. OLIN. 1 have no doubt Congress has the
sante power to establish slavery m the Territories
that any Legislature could have.
Now, sir, one word in reply to the gentleman
from Missouri, [Mr. Noell,] who protested
against the bill before the House upon the ground
that it was initiating a new mode of legislation.
It seemed to strike the gentleman that it was
something novel in the legislation of this country
that, after Congress had created a territorial gov-
ernment, it should undertake to pass any law
affecting the internal concern and policy of that
Territory, or oven to re_peal the law it had passed.
If the gentleman will look through the legislation
of this country he will find, during the earlier pe-
riod of our country's history, that Congress has
repeatedly interfered in that way, and upon all
such occasions that it asserted the right to le-
gislate upon all subjects whatever. The mode
adopted for convenience was generally to invest a
local tribunal with certain legislative powers; for
it was easier for that tribunal than Congress to
attend to all the details of local legislation. No-
body ever supposed that, because Congress had
delegated such a power, it had not the right to re-
sume it whenever it pltmscd.
Mr. NOELL. I do not wish to be misunder-
stood about this matter. I take the ground that
it was against the practice for Congress to assume
this power to make local laws.
Mr. OLIN. I have said all I desire to say, and
more. I wish to enter my protest against any
and all attempts to abrogate the powers of Con-
gress togovern thoTerritoriesof the United States.
It is a doctrine which has found no favor in this
Government down to the unhappy period of the
repeal of the Missouri compromise. I wish to
enter my protest against this doctrine of popular
sovereignty in the Territories. It seems as though
God, in His providence, had allowed this modern
Sodom to grow up in our midst as a rebuke to
the Government for departing from that safe and
wise policy of our fathers in the government of
the Territories.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I wish to ask the gen-
tleman from Missouri, [Mr. Clark,] whether in
his opinion Congress has the right to establish
polygamy, and to protect it in a Territory ?
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I deny that Con-
gress has the right to establish polygamy or sla-
very there.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Or to protect polyg-
amy there ? ,
Mr. CLARJ£, of Missouri. It has the right to
protect property in any Territory that is author-
ized to be held as property in any of the States
from which the people go to a Territory.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. And it has not the
right to protect the relation of husband and wife?
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. Congress has the
right to protect all relations and all property in
any country belonging to the United States.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. My question was sug-
gested by the question which the gentleman him-
self propounded.
Mr. CLARK, of Misapuri. Polygamy is a
relation not authorized by aliy State of this Union,
or anywhere else, that I know of, where decency
and good order prevail. [Laughter.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Suppose it did exist^
in one of the States by authority of that State?
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. That would make
the world worse than I suppose it ever will be,
and worse, I have no doubt, than this country
ever will be, unless, unfortunately, the Republi-
can par.ty gets the ascendency. [Laughter,]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. This question was sug-
gested by the inquiry propounded by the gentle-
man from Missouri to the gentleman from New
York, in regard to the rights of Congress to pro-
tect slavery in the Territories. As slavery em-
braces adultery and polygamy—is "thejsumof
all villainies,"as declared by Wesley—itoccurred
to me that Congress might with as much pro-
priety protect polygamy as slavery.
Mr. JENKINS. Does the gentleman declare
that ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Declare what?
Mr. JENKINS. What you have just stated.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do declaiU that John
Wesley said so.
Mr. JENKINS. Does the gentleman concur
in that expression of Wesley's?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am very much of
that opinion.
Mr. JENKINS. If the gentleman declares
that, he declares a lie.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am not in the habit
of allowing myself to soil my own garments by
descending into cesspools and throwing dirt with
a blackguard.
Mr. JENKINS. cannot receive an insult
from you after you have allowed yourself to take
one.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Important as this
measure is, I do not rise for the purpose of debate;
but only to assign the reasons which will govern
my vote. If this bill, sir, proposed simply to annul
any act of the Territorial Legislature of Utah
which establishes or regulates polygamy, itshould
receive my cordial support. Even if it provided
further, that any one who should attempt to exe-
cute any such act after it had thus been annulled
—thereby coming within the precedents cited by
the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Lamar]—
it should still have my vote; because the right to
disapprove all acts of the Territorial Legislature
of Utah is expressly reserved by Congress in the
act organizing that Territory.
But this bill, sir, proposes to go far beyond the
mere abrogation of territorial laws. It under-
takes, by one sweeping enactment, to declare a
certain offense penal, and to punish it in every
organized Territory of the United States. Sir, I
am not of that number, I never have been of that
number,who deny to Congress the power to legis-
late for the Territories. It seems to me that the
proposition is too plain for argument. Every
organic law is an act of the highest legislation;
and there can be no " sovereignty" where the
people do not even institute their own govern-
ments. I do, indeed, distinctly and emphatically,
repudiate the insane dogma of a party platform
that Congress possesses 44 sovereign power" over
the Territories. Sir, as I read the Constitution,
Congress is restricted in all exercise of power by
the limitations of that instrument; by the spirit
and genius of our institutions, and by those eter-
nal and immutable principles of justice which are
alike obligatory upon individuals and upon States.
I concede, however, I repeat, the power of Con-
gress to organize and to govern the Territories of
the United Statest and that power has been ex-
ercised from the beginning, and so continues to
be exercised to this day, as to certain fundamental
principles, which are incorporated, usually as re-
strictions or bills of rights, in our organic terri-
torial acts. Nevertheless, it has equally been the
policy—and a calm, extended and impartial re-
view of the legislation of Congress from the
beginning will establish the fact—to leave to the
