76
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 11,
36th Cons.... 1st Sess.
Territorial Policy-—Mr. Green.
Senate.
experiment simply to see what they could do.
They were invited to it; their attention was called
to it by squatter-sovereignty advocates. Nothing
would have happened if all had stood by the old
land-marks of the Democratic party; had stood
by what we plighted our faith we would do—
abide the decision of the Supreme Court of the
United States.
But I am asked, how mueh protection do you
want? When the worst comes to the worst, if
the Territories should be encouraged to make an
attempt; if evil-disposed persons should go into
the Territories and interfere with the right of
masters there, in no event, in the strongest case
that you can present, shall we ask more for slaves
than for any other kind of property. Punish tres-
passers, punish evil doers by penalties, corporeal
and pecuniary; and by these means you can pro-
tect all property, and extend protection to us in
proportion to the value of the property, what-
ever that may be. Is that to be called a slave
code and be made odious to the North, and
frighten them from their sense of propriety' Sure-
ly not. It is simply to carry out a constitutional
privilege.
Mr.PUGH. I would suggest to the Senator
that the first time I ever heard of a slave code in
my life was in this Chamber from the Senator
from Mississippi, on the 23d of February last. I
had never heard the phrase before.
Mr. BROWN. The Senator never heard it
from me.
Mr. PUGH. I think the Senator will find it
in the report of his speech.
Mr. BROWN. You will find it in the report
of the speech of the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator fi *om Mississippi
spoke first and commenced the discussion.
Mr. BROWN. I did not say anything about
a slave code, not a word.
Mr. GREEN. The Senator from Ohio is en-
tirely mistaken. I recollect all about it; hut that
i« not important. But I am told that Congress
has never yet passed a criminal law for an organ-
ized Territory. As the Territory is common and
joint property; as principles of justice require us
to have an equal opportunity to participate in it;
as wc are tenants in common and ought to bp pro-
tected in the enjoyment of our rights as fully as
our brethren of other States, if wo cannot in an
organized Territory have that equal right, I shall,
as an act of simple justice to my constituents, go
against the organization of any Territory, and I
will seek the repeal of all the territorial govern-
ments already organized. If the rights of all the
people cannot bo. protected when vou delegate a
portion of your authority to ji territorial govern-
ment ; if territorial governments are not to be trusted
in its exercise, the trustshould be withdrawn and
Congress should resume it.
But again, the Senators are entirely mistaken
when they assert that Congress has never under-
taken to pass criminal laws for an organized Ter-
ritory. l think I can show them an instance.
The "Toombs bill" was voted for by the Sena-
tor from Ohio and the Senator from Illinois. My
recollection is 
Mr. PUGH. Did the Senator understand me
to say, that there had never been any act of Con-
gress to define and punish crimes in a Territory?
I have never said so.
Mr. GREEN. In any "organized" Territory.
Mr.PUGH. Or in an "organized"Territory.
I never said so.
Mr. GREEN. Judge Douglas did say so.
In the Toombs bill there wore two amendments,
moved by Mr. Brodhead, and unanimously adopt-
ed, which did that very thing.
Mr. PUGH. There is no doubt of the fact.
It was done in that case to secure true elections.
Mr. GREEN. It was in regard to elections;
but I hold, if it was competent for Congress to
protect the polls and competent to punish a fraud
m relation thereto, so would Congress be compe-
tent to punish any other wrong-doing, slave-steal-
ing included. So far as the constitutional power
is concerned, and so far as expediency is con-
cerned. there can be no escape from this conclu-
sion, namely, that you can pass a criminal law,
whenever and wherever you please, within the
limits of the jurisdiction of the Constitution.
But. sir, on the subject, of protection permit me
to say, that the North ought not to alfect a sur-
prise at the position taken by the South. You
have this day a slave code for all the northern
States, a slave code passed by congressional au-
thority, a slave code that ought to be more efficient
than it is; and it is a code to provide for the return
of fugitive slaves. You will observe the close sim-
ilarity in the two cases. In the case of fugitive
slaves, the Constitution says you shall have a
right to reclaim them. In the case of the Terri-
tories, the Constitution says, as decided by the
Supreme Court, you shall have a right to go into
the Territories. Under that fugitive slave grant,
we had no fugitive slave lata for four years. There
was a patriotic sentiment in the North; the under-
ground railroads had not begun to work; the anti-
slavery locomotive had not been constructed; the
motive power did not then exist; the political
trickery which lies at the foundation of the whole
scheme had not then been born. While whole-
some views of the Constitution prevailed, no fur-
ther legislation was required; but in the course of
four years, 1793, there began to be interference to
prevent the lights of masters to recapture their
slaves, according to the provision of tnc Consti-
tution; and then it was that an application was
made to Congress for additional aid. Aid to what?
Aid to secure a right provided for in the Consti-
tution. Very well. On the subject of slavery in
the Territories, it has already been dccided that
it is constitutional for us to go there. If we arc lot
alone, we shall do as our fathers did for four years
under the fugitive slave clause of the Constitution—
we shall ask nothing; but, if you invite them to
interfere, if you arc determined to stimulate them
to obstruct our rights, wo shall call on the com-
petent authority to give us additional aids to enjoy
a constitutional right. Is there wrong in this ? Is
there hardship in it > Can any northern man say
it will break him down at home? I should be very
sorry to hear it said.
Mr. PUGH. 1 have not heard that said.
Mr. GREEN, f have heard if. The Senator
says that ninety-nine hundredths of the Democ-
racy of the Northwest coincide with him. I un-
derstood him to say that.
Mr. PUGII. Certainly they do in my own
State, for since I have made my speech they have
done so by unanimous vote.
Mr. GREEN. He says the natural,legitimate
inference of his sovereignty doetnne is the sup-
portof theLecompton constitution. If so,ninety-
nine hundredths of the Northwest arc against
Judge* Douoi.as on the Lecompton question, and
the Administration has been most triumphantly
sustained by ninety-nine hundredths of the north-
ern Democracy, and unanimously South.
Mr. PITGF-T. As the Senator from Illinois is
not present, 1 shall not allow the Senator from
Missouri to put m<- in that position. 1 say the
people of my State have sustained my view of the
nature of a territorial government. Since I made
my speech, the Democracy of Ohio, by resolution
unanimously adopted, have taken that ground.
They did it before. We never had any issue
about Lecompton in the Democratic party in Ohio.
We bound over both parties to keep the peace
by unanimous resolution. We have no such dis-
tinction in Ohio, and never had it.
Mr. GREEN. That was a playful remark of
mine; but still, it shows that an agreement on one
question may be ascribed to two different sources.
The Senator from Illinois says the principle of
popular sovereignty forced him to oppose Lecomp-
ton; and the Senator from Ohio says the same
principle mduccd him to support the Lecompton
constitution. Itmustboastrangeprinciple to pro-
duce such contradictory results ! I was going to
remark, lam told by the Senator from Illinois that,
in passing through a Territory, you are protected
in all your property; but the moment you stop and
open your bales, you are then subject to the local
law. I desire to be informed what law protects
you in transitu through the Territory. Suppose
you had " unfriendly legislation "against passing
through the Territory, or suppose you had pro-
hibitory legislation against passing through it,
how would you get through, excopt by physical
force orcongressional intervention? Yet I am told
m a published article" that, in passing through a
Territory, a citizen is protected in all his property.
What protects him? He who will tell me what
protects him, and point it out in an intelligible
manner, will enable me to tell him what protects
my property there permanently. What protects the
citizen against unfriendly legislation against his
property when in passage ? If you can find any
warrant to protect the one, without legislation
providing additional aids for its protection, I will
apply it to the other by the same process.
But we are then told that the Territories arc not
sovereign—that sovereignty is suspended. That
is the language of the report of the Senator from
Illinois, made on the Lecompton question. What
is it tu suspend ? It is to hangup,! believe. Well,
if it is hung up or suspended, it is not an existing
power; it cannot be cxercised until you unhang it
and take it down. That sovereignty which is
hung up cannot be exercised, and has no practi-
cal value. But the Senator from Illinois made use
of one remark so ventcxtraordinary, that I must
take the time to refer to it, though 1 did not intend
to do so. He says the tenth amendment of the
Constitution of the United States shows that all
powers, not granted to Congress nor prohibited
to the States, are reserved to the States respect-
ively or to the people, and he construes that in
this way:
" All powers, which arc Federal by nature, are delegated
to Congiess. Those which are municipal and domesticm
then* clmiaeter aie reserved to the States respectively orto
the people; that is to the States in respect to all their in-
habitants, and to the people of the Territories prior to their
admission as States."
If that construction be true, the people of the
States have no reserved powers at all. The
44 States5'have certain reserved powers, but the
people of the States have nothing reserved ! It is
all gone! but the people of a Territory have re-
served rights! If sovereignty is reserved to the
people of the Territory, tell me how you are
going to get it transferred from the people of the
Territory to the territorial government made by
Congress? How can you do it? Where is your
authority for doing it? Here is a government
appointed by Federal authority; here is a machin-
ery of government instituted by Congress. You
say the power is " reserved" to the people of the
Territory. How will you get it out of them?
There is but one way, and that is by a convention
organizing a State government. Then they can
transfer it; then they can vest in it agents; but,
until then, they cannot pait with their reset ved
power, if they have any. No power, while re-
served, can bo exerciscd, unless it is cxercised in
person or transferred; and when the Senator from
Ohio spoke of California being an instance of the
exercise of squatter sovereignty, I think he greatly
misunderstood the process of the formation of
States; and when he said that his principle of pop-
ular sovereignty permitted him to support the
Lecompton constitution, 1 think he entirely mis-
apprehended rind inisundeistood the whole the-
ory of the formation of State governments. Sir,
while the Territory continues, it is a municipal
power created by Congress for municipal pur-
poses; and it is limited to the range of subjects
pointed out in the organic act. The moment they
convene together to form a State constitution, it is
the first act of sovereignty. The territorial acts
are subordinate acts. The territorial act is an
agency; it is the act of an agent created by Con-
gress; but the very first act to create a State con-
stitution is the first act of sovereignty. Congress
sometimes assents to such power beforehand,
sometimes assents to it after its exercise; but, in
either case, whether before or after, it is the first
act of sovereignty.
[At this point, the honorable Senator yielded
the floor for an executive session.]
Wednesday, January 11, 1860.
Mr. GREEN. Mr. President, I find, on re-
flection, that I used a term yesterday, which, per-
haps, I ought to explain. I made use of the word
sovereignty" for the purpose of conveying the
idea of jurisdiction, and not with reference to the
original sourcc of power as vested in the people;
and when I claimed for the Federal Government
" sovereignty " over the Territories, I meant the
jurisdiction over the Territory; but, of course, not
unlimited power. I3y reference to the whole of
my remarks, it will be seen I thus qualified it at
the time, but to avoid all misapprehension and
