nm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 30,
Mr. LANE. I object to it.
The PRESIDING} OFFICER. The Senator
from New Hampshire moves, by common con-
sent, that the overland mail bill be made the spe-
cial order for Saturday, at twelve o'clock.
Mr. LANE. I am opposed to making any
more special orders. There was a special order
made for last Monday, but it was not regarded,
and it was cruel to the people that I represent to
deprive me of that day. Before any other special
order is made, I shall ask, whenever I have the
opportunity, that the bill which was made the
special order for that day shall be considered. It
ought to have been considered then; but, as I said,
I was deprived of it most cruelly, as I think. It
is not worth while to complain; I never complain;
but it was very wrong. Now, I am going to
make a motion, and that is 
Mr. WADE. There is amotion already pend-
ing-
Mr. LANE:- Well, I am going to make another
motion; that is, to suspend the consideration of
the order for this day, with a view of taking up
the bill that I was deprived the right of consider-
ing on Monday.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
suggest to the Senator from Oregon that there is
a question pending. His motion can be made
after the motion of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire is disposed of. The question is on the mo-
tion of the Senator from New Hampshire.
The motion was agreed to.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. CHANDLER. I rise to a question of
privilege. I shall occupy hut a moment. I find
in the Globe of this morning the following lan-
fuage, purporting to have been uttered by the
enator from Indiana [Mr. Fitch] the day be-
fore yesterday. I did not hear the language, and
upon inquiry I learn 
Mr. TOOMBS. I have no objection to hear-
ing the gentleman at an appropriate time; but this
is not a question of privilege.
Mr. CHANDLER. It has always been treated
as such on this floor.
Mr. TOOMBS. Not that I know of.
Mr. CHANDLER. It always has been since
1 have occupied a seat here.
Mr. TOOMBS. If the gentleman insists on it
as a question of privilege, I shall make the point.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
unable to decide until he knows what the ques-
tion is.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is somewhat personal.
The PRESIDING OFFIC ER. The Chair un-
derstands that it is a question personal to the
Senator.
_ Mr. CHANDLER. It is a personal explana-
tion.
_ Mr. TOOMBS. If the gentleman asks permis-
sion to make a personal explanation, I do not ob-
ject. I objcct to its being considered a question
of privilege; not in reference to this case, for I
do not know what it is. If he insists upon it as
a question of privilege, I make the point.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then I ask unanimous
consent to make a personalexplanation. I do not
care how it is done; I merely wish to make a per-
sonal explanation. [" Very well."] I find in the
Globe of this morning the following language, pur-
porting to haw; been used by the Senator from
Indiana [Mr. Fircu] on the day before yesterday;
" If that Xantippft m pants [Mi. t!n\Ni!Lr:R] Ii (lone, I
have iome fuitliet iemails Eo make hi connection wall his
display nl ignorance.''
I did not hear that language; and upon inquiry I
find that not a single Senator on this side of the
Ohamberheard it. It may have been used. If I had
heard it, in the heat of debate, 011 the spur of the
moment, I should undoubtedly have made some
remark that I might upon reflection have re-
gretted. I have 110 disposition to bandy epithets
with that Senator; but I simply wish to remark
that if that Senator used this language, and if,
upon mature reflection, he considers it language
appropriate to a Senator or a gentleman, 1 have
only to say that it proves him totally incapable
of appreciating the position which he happens to
occupy on this floor.
The PRESI-DING OFFICER. The Senator
must not violate the rules of the Senate.
Mr. FITCH. I do not know, of course, ex-
cept from the Senator's own disavowal now,
whether he heard the remark or not. Whetjier
made in the heat of debate or not, I am not very
much in the habit of retracting remarks made by
me, heie or elsewhere. I used that language.
Every Senator, I presume, on this side of the
House at least, heard it. It was very distinct;
and I used it in view of the remarks (which I will
not now characterize, because I thought the term
I applied then sufficiently characterized them)
made by the Senator previously, in relation to a
matter of which I then charged him with profound
ignorance, and, I think, correctly. He was pur-
suing a system of scolding which I thought quite
unbecoming the Senate, in relation to a matter of
which he knew very little; and that was the brief-
est term which I could at the moment think of to
explain my view of the coursc he adopted.
Mr. CHANDLER. When the bill comes up
I shall discuss this question of ignorance. Now
I do not lei'l disposed to go into it. At the proper
time, and upon the appropriate bill, I shall test
the question of ignorance or knowledge. This is
not the time or place.
MESSAGE FROM THJ3 HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
IIousc had concurred in the amendment of the
Senate to the bill of the House (H. R. No. 640)
for the relief of Wendell Trout.
HOMESTEAD BILL.
The message further announced that the House
insists upon its amendment to the bill of the Sen-
ate (No. 416) to secure homesteads to actual set-
tlers on the public domain and for otherpurposes,
disagreed to by the Senate; asks a conference on
the ihsagrceing votes of the two Houses thereon;
and has appointed Mr. Galusiia A. Grow of
Pennsylvania, Mr. James H. Thomas of Tennes-
see, and Mr. Owen Lovejoy of Illinois, man-
agers at the same 011 tiie part of the House.
On motion of Mr. PUGH, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its disagreement
to the amendment of the House of Representatives, and
agree to the conference a-^fcod by the House on the disa-
gieeing votes of the two Houses thereon.
On motion of Mr. PUGH, and by unanimous
consent, it was
Ordered, That the committee of confcrcncc on the part
of the Senate be appointed by the Vice Picsident.
And Mr. Joiwsont of Tennessee, Mr. John-
son of Aikansas, and Mr. Harlan, were ap-
pointed.
ADMISSION OI1 KANSAS.
Mr. COLLAMER. The bill for the admission
of Kansas i  now in Older, I believe.
r The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bigjxr.)
That is the business before the Senate.
Mr. COLLAMER. I take the floor on that.
Mr. LAN]£ Mr. President 
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not yield the floor for
the gentleman to make his motion.
Mr. LANE. I indicated the motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
directs the Secretary to read the bill, according to
the rule.
The Secretary read the title of the bill: " An act
(H. It. No. 23) for the admission of Kansas into
the Union."
Mr. LANE. Now, have I not a right to make
a motion to suspend its further consideration?
Mr. COLLAMER. I take it I have the floor
on thici bili.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill has
not been read.
Mr. COLLAMER. When it is called up reg-
ularly in order, and I take the iloor, I have a
right to proceed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
is entitled to the iloor if he insists on it; but the
Chair has ordered the bill to be read.
Mr. COLLAMER. I cannot yield the floor to
any gentleman to make his motion now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will read the biil.
The Secretary read the bill.
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President 
Mr. GREEN. Will the Senator from Vermont
allow mo to introduce my amendments in regard
to the boundaries, before he makes his remarks?
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not know that I have
any objection to have them read.
Mr. QREEN. I am not particular about the
reading; but I want them to be before the Senate
when he makes his remarks.
Mr. COLLAMER. Very welL
Mr. FITCH. I ask the Senator from Vermont
to allow me to offer an amendment, which was
said to be out of order some time since, creating
a judicial district out of the State, in the event of
its admission.
Mr. COLLAMER. I had rather not do that
at present. I have made my little preparations in
regard to these amendments of the Senator from
Missouri, because I was advised of them.
The Secretary read Mr. Green's amendment,
to strike out the eighth, ninth, tenth, eleventh,
twelfth, thirteenth, and fourteenth lines, and the
first two words of the fifteenth line of the first
section, in the following words:
" Beginning at a point on the western boundary of the
State ot Missouri, whei f the thirty-seventh parallel of north
latitude crosses the same ; thence west on said parallM to
the twenty-fifth meridian of longitude west fiom Wash-
ington ; thence north on said meridian to the fortieth par-
allel of latitude ; thence east on said parallel to the west-
em boundary of the State ofMissouri; thenee south with
the western boundary of said State."
And to insert in lieu thereof:
Dcgiimlng in the main channel of the North Fork of the
Platte river, at a point where the twenty-fifth meridian of
longitude west from Washington crosses the same; thence
down and along said channel to its junction with the main
stream of the Platte ; thence clown and along the main chan-
nel of the Platte to the Missouri rivei; thence south along
said river and the western boundary of the State of Mis-
souri to the northern boundary of the Cherokee neutialland;
thence west along said noithern boundary, the noithem
bouiuhuy of the O&agc lands, and the prolongation of the
«am<% to the twenty-fifth meridian of longitude west from
Washington ; thence north on said meridian to the piace of
beginning. *
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President, as a mem-
ber of the Committee on Territories, it becomes
my duty succinctly to state the ground on which
it is claimed that the people of Kansas should have
admission as a State. Inasmuch as no •written
report has been made and none could be agreed
upon, the committee being divided in opinion, the
matter must rest pretty much on parol, and with
reference to such materials and elements as I can
furnish from the various questions which arise in
relation to it.
In the first place I would say, this bill having
passed the House by a large majority, that once
more an opportunity is presented to the Senate of
settling this long-agitated subject of Kansas. If
we are disposed to give candid and full attention
for a reasonable period to the importance of the
subject, I think we may, in the exercise of that
candor, be enabled to come to some conclusion
which shall §uiet this long-agitated topic.
The application of Territories for admission as
States has generally been favored by Congress.
There are very many considerations which have
induced Congress thus to favor them. The con-
dition of a territorial government and the people
under it, acknowledgcdly temporary in ity very
nature, is not, after all, exactly that school for the
bringing up and training of the people in the ex-
ercise of sovereign power as the people of a free
country should have for themselves. They are
not enabled to elect their own Governors; to
choose their own executive officers; to select their
own judiciary, and they are notat liberty even to
exercise the power of legislation, without some
check upon them, vested in the Executive power
of veto. This is well calculated to, and notun-
fiequently does produce a species of collision be-
tween the Executive of the country, that has the
appointment of Governors and judges and mar-
shals, and the feelings and opinions and desires
of the people themselves; a state of things which
certainly it would not be desirable to perpetuate.
I say these applications have generally been
favored. Very few of them have been rejected
until we come to this case of Kansas. Now, sir,
! without going into any history of the details of
the difficulties in relation to Kansas, or taking up
time with any recapitulation of them, at the same
time i may say this much: certainly it is a topic
which it is desirable, not only to that people, but
to the whole country, should be settled; and we
should at least be ready to deal outto thatpeople,
in relation to their admission as a State, when they'
apply for it, as large a measure of liberality as has
heretofore been exercised by Congress in relation
to others.
