1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
A constitution has been formed by the people
of Kansas by their convention, called by an act
of their Tex-ritorial Legislature, and approved by
their executive. That constitution is, undoubt-
edly, according to the wishes and agreeable to
the desires of that people. I have never heard
any suggestion to the contrary. Not only has
it been formed by the delegates of their own se-
lection, but it has been presented to that people;
and they have passed upon it by a vote of, I be-
lieve, much more than two to one—by a very large
majority, at least, for its ratification. It then ex-
pressed the sentiments of that people.
In the next place, Mr. President, it seems to
me that this Government stands, in a measure,
plighted in their faith to that people to admit
them. It is'true, that the admission of a Terri-
tory as a State is an exercise of the discretion of
Congress; and being thus an exercise of the dis-
cretion of Congress, it cannot be anticipated, or
directed, or curtailed, because this is an exercise
of power which each Congress in succession, one
after another, must have in their own unlimited
control. But though it is thus in th® exercise of
discretion; yet after all, I take it, that it is not a
mere exercise of caprice, nor can they be rejected
on a mere ground of resentment because their
whole course of conduct may not be satisfactory,
but it should be the exercise of a certain course,
of soundlegislative discretion, and that, in a meas-
ure, guided by the example and experience which
have heretofore been extended to it.
Now, Mr. President, the elements which we
inquire into, in relation to admitting a Territory
as a State, consist in two or three: in the first
place, are they sufficient in point of population
reasonably to sustain a State government which
they desire. In the second place, is the geograph-
ical extent of the Territory such as fits it to be
made into and admitted as a State? I take it, it
is immaterial how long they have been under the
forms of pupilage as a territorial government, if
they have these elements; a reasonable number
of population, and a reasonable quantity of terri-
tory to enable them to sustain a State government,
should entitle them to admission as others have
been admitted heretofore.
There is no objection to this constitution that
itis not republican in the form of its government.
Thatisrequisite by the United States Constitution.
It guaranties to every State a republican form of
government;and I take it,this constitution, thus
adopted by the people of Kansas, is a republican
form of government.
In relation to its population, there are three
means and materials by which I get at that. In
the first place, the number of people is in some
measure ascertained by the vote of the people it-
self. There were fifteen thousand nine hundred
and fifty votes cast on the adoption of the consti-
tution. A population of sixty-nine thousand nine
hundred and fifty was returned, lacking but fifty
of seventy thousand. Here is the official return:
CWt«. r°lcrs■ Colorei T°!a}.
persons. population.
Allen  471 1G 1,807
Anderson  516 - 1,963
Atchison   963 32 3,723
Bourbon 1,062 9 3,C83
Breckinridge  526 - 1,739
Brown  577 - 2,131
Butler  76 - 252
Chase  202 3 5w>9
Coffey  617 2 1,979
Davis  258 - 6H5
Doniphan 1,111 52 3,509
Douglas 2,620 25 8,318
Franklin  1,474 6 2,116
Greenwood  185 - 659
Hunter  110 - 355
Jackson  571 2 2,177
Jefferson  907 12 3,367
Johnson  8~0 36 3,090
Leavenworth  3,445 187 12.122
Linn  1.023 - 3,951
Lvkms  '812 - 3,012
Madison  188 - 559
Marshall  102 - 444
Morris  199 - 569
Nemor«a  508 - 1,859
Pottawatomie  151 - 504
Shawnee  1,035 10 , 3,198
WaUaunse  *259 - 753
Washington  60 - 228
Woodson  190 - 709
Wyuwlott  539 13 1,760
21,628 - 4OS 69,950
There are no returns from Clay, Dorn, McGoe,
Osi ige, Riley, and Wilson counties.
I^ow, in a scattered population like that, what
part oflhe actual voters must be supposed would
go into an- election and actually appear at the
polls? Of that we must judge by our experience.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. What was that vote ?
Mr. COLLAMER. That was the vote on the
ratification of the constitution. The vote was
fifteen thousand nine hundred and fifty. This
fifteen thousand was the number of votes actually
cast, except in three or four counties which were
not returned. Now, what proportion of the voters
have we reason to believe actually attended that
election? I cannot say how it might be, but much
would depend on the degree of interest taken, and
the convenience with which people coulckassem-
ble; but I fancy it would not be a large number
to say that at least one fourth of the voters did
not reach the polls at all, and did not try to reach
them. There was really no great question at is-
sue. There was no doubt amongst the people,
at the time they voted on -the adoption of the con-
stitution, that it would.be ratified. There was
not any such excitement and any such expecta-
tion of a close vote as to call the people out. We
therefore have no good reason to believe that
more than three fourths of the voters in that Ter-
ritory voted in that election, especially if we take
into consideration that four counties were not re-
turned at all. Then, we make out there were a
little over twenty thousand voters, because there
were about sixteen thousand actually voting
According to that, by the usual rate of casting the
population upon the basis of voting, the popula-
tion of that Territory, at the time of the vote on
the adoption of the constitution, was one hundred
thousand; for if we say one fourth of the voters
do not appear m these returns, it would make the
whole number of voters twenty thousand, which
would make a population, according to the ratio,
of at least one hundred thousand. That is one
mode by which wc get at the amount of popula-
tion.
Another one is this: there was a census last
season taken therefor the purpose of levying taxes
in the Territory. It was taken with no view to
this particular subject, and therefore it cannot be
presumed was artificially made for this occasion.
It was taken and returned with a view to taxation
in the Territory. That return was an imperfect
one. It was imperfectly taken in some measure,
because the officers who had to take it, I believe,
received their pay in scrip, and they were not
very well satisfied that they would realize their
money, and therefore some of them neglected to
attend to their duties altogether; but the amount,
as returned to Governor Medary at that time, was
seventy-one thousand seven hundred and seventy.
At the last session of their Legislature, that cen-
sus was submitted to a committee of the Terri-
torial Legislature. That committee having re-
ceived some additional returns from the clerks of
the counties, and having obtained other informa-
tion , and received also a list of the recorded voters
in some other counties, put together all the ma-
terials they had, and made a report for the pur-
pose of assessing taxes within the Territory.
From this* return, and from these limits, they
reported that the Teiritory then contained, as
made up by that, ninety-seven thousand five hun-
dred and seventy, making it very near in its ap-
proximation to that just calculated upon the basis
of voters. Here is their report:
The Committee on Elections, to whom was referred the
subject of the census, have had the subject under consid-
eration, and ask leave to submit the following report:
Your committee have examined the returns as submitted
wlrh the Governor's message, and find fiom information
obtained fiom the clerks of the several counties returned,
and members whorepresentthose counties m both branches
of the Legislature, that the icturns are very imperfect; that
in many counties only partial returns have been received
by the executive, as required by law.
Your committee iincl that Dumplian county has returned,
from four townships, eleven hundred and eleven registered
votes, and a population of thirty-five hundred and nine, and
fiom leliable information beiore the committee, the regis-
ters of that county now ishow a rcgiateied vote of over
eighteen hundred, which would make an additional pop-
ulation of about three thousand.
Atchison returned nine hundred and sixty-three regis-
tered votes, and a population ot thirty-seven hundred and
twenty-three, and now has on the register about two thou-
sand votes, wuich would make an additional population of
foity-two hundred.
Itiley county is not returned, in which there are now about
six hundred and fifty votes, with a population ot about
twenty-six hundred.
Leavenworth county has returned a vote of three thou-
sand four hundred and foi ty-ftve,and a population oftwclve
thousand-one hundred and twenty-two. Tftepopulation at
that time in the cltyofLeaven worth was nearly tfie'amount
returned from the whole county. .From tjhe' jfooat
information obtained from persons well acgtta'ihCed
resenting that county here, the eotinty coritains' a 'jwjafiire -
tion of sixteen thousand, making an'additional ;pOgute$i$E|
of about four thousand. ,
From information from the deputy clerk of I^ykftis coun^
ty, between three and four hundred registered voters cloitoK
appear in the report that were registered, in that coxmtyjj
which would make an additional population of about six-;
teen hundred.
Morris, Pottawatomie, and Washington counties, only!
partial returns, and in some of the counties where there are'
six hundred voters, with a population of tweiity7flve hun-
dred, only fifty to two hundred registered votes returned.'
In the five counties above mentioned there is returnedsC
population of seventeen hundred and eighteen, and a vote
of six hundred and sixty-four, in the aggregate, being less
than one third of the actual vote or population in said coun-
ties, which if added to the population now returned, would
swell the population to the number of about sev&i thousand..
This calculation -is based on the information of persons liv-
ing in those counties who have examined the census*,re-"_
turns and register. The census returns, as exhibited in the
report ol the Governor, show great neglect on the' part of
the assessors in many of the townships; and in many of the
most populous counties. Besides the live mentioned afcove,'
only three out of five, or five out of eight of the townships'
have been returned to the executive, showing conclusively
that a very large populatidn exists in those counties, of
which your committee have not been able to collect any'
information as to the real number.
Your committee also find no returns from the counties
of Clay, Dickinson, McGee, Osag^, WilsKH^ and Dorn. and
the smallest estimate that can be made is one hundred and
fifty votes to each county,making a total vote of nine hun-
dred, with a population of at least thirty-four hundred.
Tfiis calculation is not based on the rapid increase of pop-
ulation which has been continually pouring into these fer-
tile counties for the last eight months. -
The returns, as reported by the GovemorjShow a partial
and incorrect census as taken in the month of June, 1859,
since which time the emigration into Kansas has been Un-
precedented. The whole amount ot population, as reported
by the Governor at the regular session, was scventy-ono
thousand seven hundred and seventy; to which, if we add
the calculation as estimated in the foregoing counties^par-
tialiy returned, and fiom which we have no return, the
population, up to the 1st day oi July, 1809, would amount
to about ninety-seven thousand five hundred and seventy,
in which is not included a large number of the most popu-
lous counties, from which there have been only a part of
the townships returned to the executive. Your committee
are of the opinion that it will be very difficult to obtain any
correct census of many of those counties upon the frontier
of the Territory, where the officers do not either qualify at
all, and enter upon the discharge of their duties, or mani-
fest such gross indifference and stupidity as not to make a
return in anyway to comply with tiie law, cither in taking
or leturnlng the census. Many of the counties have not
been organized, and therefore have no officers, notwith-
standing they have a laige population, of which your com-
mittee have not been able to collcct any correct data.
Your committee are of the opinion that the rapid increase
of wealth and population in this Territory, and the manifest
desire of all clashes of our prosperous and energetic citi-
zens, demand that some legislation be had relative to the
taking ofthe future census and other valuable statistics of
this Terntory.
Your committee have, with some care and labor, prepared
a bill and tabular form, winch they believe will meet the
demands of the ease at this time, and a&k leave to submit
the same with this report, and recommend its passage.
P. P. ELDER, Chairman.
F. M. CHRIST! SON,
J. C. LAMBDIN.
In further confirmation of this, Mr. President,
there was a vote taken in the Territory for their
Delegate, now holding a seat in the House of .Rep-
resentatives, and the votes actually returned on
that occasion were sixteen thousand nine hundred
and forty-nine, or seventeen thousand votes cast
at that election in round numbers, for it is within
fifty-one of seventeen thousand. Now, the same
mode of casting, allowing for those who did not
attend the polls, and multiplying the amount by
the usual number of population represented by a
vote, makes it to correspond very nearly with the
other three limits which I have represented, and
make it out that there was within the Territory
at that period between ninety and one hundred
thousand, probably about one hundred thousand
Eopulstion. Here is the result of the election for
delegate in that Territory:
County. Johnston. Parrott. -Total.
Allen  207 203 410
Anderson     105 238 343
Anapahoe    38 22 60
Atehifcon   654 531 1,185
Bourbon   231 368 619
Breckinridge     145 371 516
Brown    25 272 297
Butler  1 47 48
Chase  - 12G 126
Coffey  170 285 455
Clay, (attached to lliley). -
Davis....  127 94 221
Dickinson.. ..  -
Doniphan    762 76S 1,530
Douglas  353 993 1,34*5
Dorn, (attached to Bourbon)«...
