1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1519
Legislatures of the several Territories the control
of their domestic affairs. That principle does not
originate, so far as ordinary questions of legisla-
tion arc concerned, with the adjustment measures
of 1850, still less with the Kansas-Nebraska bill.
It had an earlier origin. Itgoes back to the begin-
ning of the Government, and before it. It is rec-
ognized in the ordinance of 1787; which ordinance,
establishing certaio fundamental principles and
providing for two several grades of territorial gov-
ernment, provides also, that first to the judges and
Governors appointed by the President, and after-
wards to the Territorial Legislatures, chosen by
the people, criminal and civil legislation shall alike
be Telrgatcd. Acts subsequent to the formation
of the present Government organized Territories
south of the Ohio river, in all respects the same as
the territory northwest of that river, except as to
the prohibition of slavery.
That, I affirm then,has been theiixedand uni-
form policy of this Government. It is true, how-
ever, that there is no instance of a territorial or-
ganization, up to 1854, in which Congress did not
reserve to itself the negative right of revising and
annulling any laws which the Territorial Legisla-
ture might enact. It had been the policy, indeed,
as I have said, for Congress to settle in the organic
act certain fundamental questions relating to tax-
ation of lands, or other subjects similar in their
character and of equal moment, and prior to 1850
to legislate directly upon the question of slavery;
and eight times between 1789 and 1850, Congress
prohibited slavery in the Territories, and seven
times in express terms recognized and legislated
upon it there as an existing institution. But because
of the agitation which, beginning in 1820 and con-
tinuing at intervals for thirty years, endangered
finally by its violence, the stability of the Govern-
ment and the existence of the Union, the former
policy of prohibition or recognition, whether de-
termined by a geographical line or otherwise, was
deliberately abandoned, and the principle of non-
intervention, ancient indeed as to other and or-
dinary subjects of legislation in the Territories,
was first applied to the question of slavery in the
adjustment measures of 1850. That principle,
sir, is distinctly enunciated in the report made in
the Senate by Mr. Clay, from the committee of
thirteen, on the 8th of May in that year—a com-
mittee composed of Clay, Webster, Cass, King of
Alabama, Douglas, Mason, Bell, Berrien, and
some five others of the most distinguished Senators
in that body. From that report I read this single
sentence, indicating the deliberate purpose at that
time to extend the principle of non-intervention,
which had obtained from the beginning in regard
to the ordinary subjects of legislation, from thence-
forth forever to the question of slavery in the
Territories:
" It is high time that the wounds which it (the Wilmot
proviso) lias inflicted should be healed up and clo^cd. And
to avoid in all future time the agitation which mn^tbc pio-
duced by the conflict of opinion on the slaveiy question,
existing as this-institut on does in some of the States, and
prohibited as it is in others, the true principle which
ought to regulate the action of Congress in forming territo-
rial governments for each -newly acquired domain, is to re-
frain from all legislation on the subject in the Ter-
ritory acquired, so lono as it retains the territorial form of
government—leaving it to the people of such Territory, when
they have attained to a condition which entitles them to ad-
mission us a State, to decide for themselves the question oj the
allowance or prohibitionof domestic slavery.'*—1 Senate lie-
ports, 1849-50, No. 123, p. o.
That, sir, as I understand it, is a distinct affir-
mation of the doctrine of non-intervention and of
true popularsovereignty,as applied to the question
of slavery in the Territories—simply placing it
upon the same basis on which, from the beginning
of the Government, other objects of legislation
were rested; subject, always, to the Constitution,
and, previous to 1854, to the right, by Congress,
of vetoing the territorial laws. And in the Kan-
sas-Nebraska bill the ancient doctrine and policy
of the Government, extended, as I have just said,
to the question of slavery by the legislation of 1850,
was reaffirmed and made yet more distinct and
emphatic by the express recognition of non-inter-
vention as the principle of the compromise meas-
ures of that year, and the enactment that the true
intent and meaning of the bill was to " leave the
people perfectly free to form and regulate their
domestic institutions in their own way, subject
only to the Constitution of the United States."
Wow, sir, the bill before us proposes to reverse
this entire policy of the Government. It proposes ;
not merely to annul a law which the Territorial
Legislature of Utah has enacted, but by direct
legislation to crcate a penal offense, and to punish
it in every organized Territory of the United
States. Sir, the precedents cited by the gentle-
man from Mississippi [Mr. Lamar] do not sustain
his point, and I affirm it with the greatest respect
for his ability and judgment as a lawyer. Con-
gress, in both instances, exercised the reserved
power of abrogating or disapproving certain acts
of the Territorial Legislature ofP^orida, and pro-
vided simply for the punishment of any one who
should attempt to enforce those acts, notwith-
standing the abrogation. If, as I said a little
while ago, the bill now pending had provided only
for the annulment by Congress of certain laws
of Utah, and had even gone further, and imposed
heavy penalties upon any person who should at-
tempt to enforce the acts so annulled, I would,
without hesitation, have supported it; but I am
not willing to abandon a policy as old qs the Gov-
ernment, and to establish a precedent which may
so readily be extended to that question which
most distracts and agitates this whole country to-
day. For one, sir, howsoever others may fall
away, I will not consent that that policy shall
now be abandoned, and that, for the first time for
many years, if not from the beginning, this House,
upon a question of purely local concern, shall
undertake to legislate directly for the Territories,
and without the intervention of a Territorial Le-
gislature. Sir, I warn the slave protectionists of
this side of the House that, when they shall have
combined and stricken hands with the slave pro-
hibitionists of that side of this House, for the pur-
pose of repudiating this long-settled principle of
non-interference, and of establishing again a pre-
cedent for direct congressional legislation for the
Territories, verily it will require but one short
step further to apply the doctrine to that other of
the " twin relics of barbarism," and to punish sla-
very, too, as a crime in your Territories.
it is very true, sir, that there is a wide gulf sep-
arating these two institutions. Slavery has been
declared by judicial decision to rest now on its
true constitutional basis—as a question of property.
The cause why so much confusion of ideas ex-
isted for so many years upon this subjcct, and
why so much agitation prevailed everywhere m
regard to the exercise by Congress of power to
prohibit or to confirfti it in the Territories, was
that slavery was regarded only as a domestic relation,
when it should have been dealt with, from the Jirstpas
a question of property also. It is only within the last
eight or ten years that, in the minds of the people
of the South, in the minds of many in the North
and West, and finally by judicial decision, it has
been established upon its true basis; lesting now
upon the high sanctions of property, and not
merely on the more delicate, indeed, but less se-
cure tenure ofa domestic relation." Sir, I un-
derstand the distinction on which the gentleman
from Mississippi [Mr. Lamar] relies. I recog-
nize it as founded in the Constitution, high as
heaven, deep as earth, firm as the everlasting hills.
But I tell you, and I toll the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Millson,] that there arc millions in the
free States who do not understand, and who will
not recognize it. They will look to a political
platform, and find denounced in itas " twin relics
of barbarism," both slavery and polygamy. They
will point to the record here; to the united votes
of the interventionists of the North and South
combined in great majority to pass this bill, and
exultingly will gloat over it as a precedent now to
be set in the history of this Government, of direct
legislation for the first time m a matter of purely
local concern over organized Territories, ignoring,
utterly, the delegation by Congress in every or-
ganic act for half a century, and especially m the
very acts organizing the several Territories to
which it now applies, of the power, through their
Territorial Legislatures, to enact laws upon all the :
rightful subjects of legislation. |
Mr. MILLSON. Why does the gentleman j
say that this policy is now for the first time to be j
adopted by the Government, when I have shown j
that, from the very first year of the Government |
down to the present time,almost every crime con- '
ceivable, except bigamy, has been punished by
act of Congress in the Territories r
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. And so, too, have
crimes again&t the United States, of every dye, been
punished in the States. In every State in this :
Union there sits to-day,orwill sit within the next
six months, a United States court to punish crimes
and offenses against the Federal Government. If
the gentleman will look at the act organizing the
Territory of Florida in 1822, he will find, instead
of the general clauses, now inserted in the later
organic acts, extending to the Territory organ-
ized all laws not locally inapplicable, that ccrtain
acts are specifically enumerated; and first in the
list is the very crimes act of 1790, to which he so
exultingly refers. It is made applicable to tha
Territory in the same manner that it applies to tho
States. But why is this, if, as he maintains, tho
act itself, by its very terms, was meant to extend
from the beginning to every Territory?
And I beg leave to remind him, also, that in the
Kansas-Nebraska bill the fugitive slave law is ex-
pressly extended to the Territories of Kansas and
Nebraska, in connection with other laws of the
United States; and all this because doubts have
been expressed whether any of the statutes of the
United States apply to t^p Territories unless by
express provision.
Sir, I do not read the act of 1790 as the gen-
tleman reads it. I do not understand the section
which he quoted as including the organized Ter-
ritories of the United States. Neither do I regard
the acts cited by the gentleman from Mississippi,
[Mr. Lamar,] as precedents sustaining his posi-
tion; because, as I before stated, they begin with
repealing certain laws and ordinances of the Ter-
ritorial Legislature, and then provide that whoso-
ever shall undertake to enforce any of the laws or
ordinances so repealed shall be punished by fine
and imprisonment.
Believing, then, that this measure proposes a
reversal of the policy of the Government and of the
Democratic party, and that it is a dircct and dis-
tinct repudiation of tho great doctrine of non-in-
tervcntion, in accordance with which, as a matter
of expediency, conciliation and compromise, we
have resolved thatall questions of territorial policy
shall be delegated to the inhabitants of eacn Ter-
ritory, subject to the restrictions of the Constitu-
tion, I voted to lay this bill upon the table; and
shall continue to vote against it to the last.
Air. THAYER. Mr. Speaker, it has become
apparent in the progress of this debate that there
is at least one question on which the representa-
tives of all portions of the country may agree.
Every member from every section of the Union
is ready to assert the odious criminality of polyg-
amy. It is encouraging, it is refreshing, to know
that there is at least one subject on which there
is no sectionalism, in relation to which we have
not heard the Representatives of North Carolina
boasting that their people arc much better than
those of Massachusetts, nor the Representatives
of the State of New York boasting that their
people are better than those of Mississippi.
There is really now one practical question be-
fore us for our decision; and, sir, in my remarks
upon it, I shall not treat it as an abstraction. I
shall not treat it as a figure of speech, nor as a
legal technicality. Polygamy is an existing fact;
and as an existing fact, while 1 agree with mem-
bers from every part of the country in denounc-
ing it, I will so act as to insure its most speedy
extermination. Is this a fact, sir, which began to-
day or yesterday, or last week? I should suppose,
from the zeal which is manifested here, that it
never was heard of till tho beginning of this ses-
sion of Congress. *
But, sir, some thirteen years ago, one Brigham
Young, a shrewd and selfish and unscrupulous
adventurer, led certain Mormons from Illinois, or
from Missouri, across what was then called the
great American desert, by a long and wearisome
journey, to the basin of the Great Salt Lake. Poor,
deluded, ignorant fanatics were his folio wers, who,
from having no religion at all, had been captivated
by the theories of Joe Smith, and had joined the
ranks of the Latter Day Saints. From time to time
there have been accessions to their number. Year
after year they have come from Wales and Scot-
land, from England and Germany, and a few from
the States; and there they have gathered, until I
think they attained their highest number some
two years since, and now have begun to decline
in strength, consolidation, and numbers. During
these thirteen years, we have had a Whig Admin-
istration; we have had two Democratic Adminis-
trations, and at one time, for one Congress, the
Republicans had the organization of this House;
