1520
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 3.
and, sir, there never has been an act passed against
this crime to make it a penal offense. 1 here it was
before the eyes of the country, before the world,
and before Congress; but still no party, until this
day, has taken the responsibility of proposing
that it should be abolished by penal statute and
by force of arms. Now there seems, as I said
before, to be a feeling in this House, not known
in the community atall, which could be accounted
for only on the supposition that polygamy never
was heard of till to-day. There is a spasm, sir,
of morality, or a paroxysm, or a panic, or some-
thing that seems to impel certain men to feel the
necessity of voting, and. of voting now, against
polygamy at all hazards.
Mr. REAGAN. 1 desire to correct the gentle-
man on a point of fact. He is mistaken in sup-
posing that nothing has ever been done upon this
subject. 1 introduced a resolution during the last
Congress, which was adopted by the House, re-
ferring the subject to the Judiciary Committee for
inquiry.
Mr. THAYER. I saia no act had been passed.
That wasmy assertion. And now, sir, there is most
intense zeal manifested that something shall be
voted—voted, not done—to exterminate polygamy
in Utah. Worst of all,it appeals that this actof
voting would seem to satisfy some consciences,
even though tins very vote should prolong the
existence of that iniquitous institution. It would
seem to satisfy some consciences—I will not call
them stupid, or sluggish, or dead—that they voted
against polygamy. Sir, if the ability of these gen-
tlemen to execute were equal to their zeal to enact,
we might almost say that omnipotence would bo
one of their weaknesses. But it is not proposed
to execute; and there is no party in this country
to-day, and there has been no party in this coun-
try during the last thirteen years, that would dare
to vote bayonets and revolvers to shoot or stab
polygamy out of Brigham Young and his follow-
ers." What,sir, do the Judiciary Committee ask
lis to do? What claim do they present for our
votes m favor of this bill? What is claimed?
Why, that the Congress of the United States
should make an expression of opinion, so that
the world may know that the United StatcB of
America are really opposed to polygamy ! Really
opposed to polygamy 1 IIow much better, Mr.
Speaker, we shall stand before the nations of the
earth when wc shall have really shown them—
what they may now be in doubt about—that we
are actually opposed to polygamy ! When we
shall have shown it, not by doing anythingagainst
the iniquity, but by a .solemn vote recorded upon
the Journals of this ilouse.
Now, sir, 1 say that any such expression of
sentiment is superfluous. There is no State in
this Union that has not made polygamy a penal
offense alteady; and what is the combined ex-
pression of the Representatives of tlies'c States
more than the individual expression of each of
the States acting in its individual capacity ' Do
we, by tins combined action, add anything to the
force of nil that separate action? Certainty not.
The world understands now well enough that this
country is opposed to polygamy, and it never will
understand it any better by a vote-of Congress,
thi^ whole effect of which will be to prolong the
existence of that institution. Then, sir, as an ex-
pression of sentiment, this bill is superfluous.
But morn than that. It is urged by some as a
rhial statute. Will it ho enforced? 1 say no; and
tell yon that should the bill pass, neither you
nor I will ever live to see a party which will dare
to vote money and instruct the President to use
it in putting in operation and ill enforcing the
penal statute wlueh this bill proposes.
Then, sir, what does it amount to? I say, as a
penal statute it is powerless. I will not go into
the argument now to show why it ought not to
be enforced, or the cruelty of attempting to en-
force it agamst these men, who never could un-
derstand why the hill was enacted. I will not go
into the argument about the expense of millions
that it would cost this Government to enforce it;
or that it would give the Mormons reason to
charge that we have made use of persecution
against them, driving them to the mountains and
hunting them there like partridges, or that it
would inevitably prolong the existence of the in-
stitution which it proposes to abolish. All these
questions I pass by, for there is nobody here who
claims that it is the purpose of any party to vote
money or instructions to enforce this penal stat-
ute.
But, sir, it is said that the honor and authority
of the United States must be vindicated. The
honor and authority of the United States vindi-
cated, indeed, by a law which its very framers
admit is from its exception a dead letter! No-
body here now dare to stand up and pledge his
party to enforce this law. I challenge any man of
any party to do that. I claim thai it is a sham
ab initio; that it ij a false pretense; and I never will
vote for a sham or a false pretense, by whatever
man or whatever party it may be brought into
this House. I do not deal in such things, sir,
especially upon practical questions like this now
before us. The reasons that I have given are suf-
ficient to govern my vote upon this bill, and that
vote will be against it; that, as an expression of
the moral sense of the country, it is superfluous;
that, as a penal statute, it is powerless; that, as a
vindication of the honor and authority of this
Government, it is worse than futile, for it would
bring both the honor and authority of the Gov-
ernment into ridicule and contempt.
Now, sir, if these are facts, and if that is the
prospect before us, should this bill be elevated to
the dignity of a law by our votes ? Moral refor-
mations should never be attempted by law which
can be accomplished without the aid of law. This
would be true even were the law proposed sure
to effect the contemplated object, even if it were
a law made and enforced by the political commu-
nity where the offense existed. What excuse,
then, can gentlemen give for a law like this, sure
not to accomplish the object contemplated, made
by a non-resident power, and intended never to
be enforced? Now, Mr. Speaker, let us inquire
whether some act cannot be done which shall
prove a perpetual and insurmountable barrier to
the progress of this gigantic monstrosity. I am
happy to be able to say that! believe that a solu-
tion—a peaceful, quiet, easy, natural, and practical
solution—of this question is no wvithin our reach.
1 am happy in the belief that the gold mincs-of
Pike's Peak, and the silver mines of Carson Val-
; ley, do now furnish us a solution of this vexed
' questionofpolygamy. I have, therefore, proposed
an amendment to this bill, that the Territory of
Utah, together with a part of Kansas and Ne-
braska, shall be divided into two land districts, in
such a way that the MonnoYi people shall bo di-
vided nearly equally between the two.
Now sir, what are the facts about population ?
t come now to mi argument winch addrcsess
itself directly to the judgment of the House—an
argument not of theories but of facts." The Mor-
mons, by the best intelligence, by the highest
authority I can get, are to-day about forty thou-
sand people. 1 have it from offtceis of thu United
States Army who have been in Utah during the
last two years, and they assure me that not more
than one seventh of this population of Mormons
are voters. What are the facts in relation to the
population of the two proposed land districts?
1 have the opinion of the Delegates from Jefferson,
Kansas, and Nebraska, nnd numerous others, that
there are now within the limits of tho proposed
land district of Jefferson forty thousand men, and
that there are at least in thatdistnet twenty thou-
sand voters; and we have it from papers last re-
ceived from California, that there are now in
Carson Valley at least thirty thousand men, and
not less than fifteen thousand voters. I believe
there lias been a rapidity of increase of population
in these districts which has no parallel m the his-
tory of this country; not even in the case of Cali-
fornia. Why sir, at the rate of increase now
goingon, it is confidently expcctcd that at the next
session of Congress these people will come lieie
with the right to be admitted as sovereign States.
Then, sir, you may defeat the policy of these Mor-
mons at once, by erecting these land districts,
which have already more than five times the voters
of the Mormon population, and which population
is rapidly increasing, while the number of Mor-
mon voters is diminishing. With this prospect
before us, is there any risk that Mormonism will
not be exterminated by local.law, provided we
pass this amendment, constituting the land dis-
tricts proposed? Would not a local law be much
better to accomplish the purpose than a law made
by a non-resident power? 1 contend that the law
! of a non-resident power is only fit to be laughed
' at and despised. The true authority, in my judg-
ment, and the only authority worthy of being re-
garded, is the law that i3 made, approved, and
enforced by the people where it is law.
That local law is what Mormonism, polygamy,
or any other crime cannot evade. Tiiis non-resi-
dent law may do very well as capital for politi-
cians; it may do for political pretenses and shams;
but it never will do for practice. I am not disposed
to spend any time now in showing this House the
inextricable diiftcultics and complications this pre-
cedent would lead us to if adopted. There is no end
of them. But if the House shall pass the amend-
ment which I propose, Subjecting these Mormons
to the operation of the local law, that will be suf-
ficient for the speedy abolishment of polygamy.
Is it to bo supposed that one hundred thousand
miners at Pike's Peak, and the same number of
miners at Carson Valley* without any women at
all, will allow a monopoly of women at Salt Lake?
[Laughter.] Sir, I do not agree with gentlemen
who denounce these men in the Territories, these
hardy pioneers, as men of no education, as men
of no refinement, as men destitute of intelligence
and moral power. I have never called them " run-
aways and outlaws." They are men of more
vigor of body and of mind, of more heroism and
enterprise, of more power of endurance, of more
persistency, and of more character, than the people
of the old States. They are also superior in in-
telligence to the average of the people in the old
States. I doubt not, sir, that there are some ed-
ucated men in Carson Valley, and some educated
men in Pike's Peak; some wlio have read history,
and some of them may have read Roman history.
[Laughter.]
I feel perfectly secure, then, in the position that
Mormonism and polygamy, and all things con-
nected therewith, should be left to the local laws
of tho two land districts which I propose, by the
action of Congress, to (jstablish. Now, sir, is it
safo to leave polygamy to the cure of a democ-
racy? Is it safe to leave it to a republican form
of government, made by the people themselves in
these two land districts? Everyman acquainted
with the history of the world knows that polyg-
amy never has existed under a democratic or re-
publican form of government. Every man who
knows anything, even withoai reading history,
would decide beforehand that it never could exist
under such a form of government while the sexes
continue to bo equal in numbers. Wherever it has
existed—in Turkey, in Arabia, among the chiefs
of central Africa, or among the aborigines of
America—it has always been protected by abso-
lute military despotism. It can be sustained un-
der no other system of government.
Then I hold that the argument is conclusive,
that by subjecting polygamy to the action of the
democracy of these two land districts, it would
most effectually put an end to it; and therefore
is one reason I should vote for the amendment
to tho bill as I have proposed it.
But it may be inquired, why wo do not organ-
ize tho Territories of Jefferson and Nevada, in-
stead of simply constituting them land districts;
why we do not pass aa organic act. Now, sir,
I am going to give my own views upon this sub-
ject; and 1 am going to say, for the amendment
which I have proposed, that it neither affirms lior
denies the power of Congress to legislate for the
Territories. But while pursuing that course, 1
still hold my own views upon tho subject; and if
inquired of why I would not vote for a territo-
rial organization, my answer is ready: that I am
opposed to the whole policy of organizing Terri-
tories by this Federal Government. I say here
and now, that I will never vote—as I believe I
have never voted in tho past—to organize any
Territory under this Government; neither would
I acquire another foot of land to be governed by
the Congress of the United States, or to be sold
by the authority of this Government. The pur-
poses of this Government are few and simple, as
has been before said in this Hall. It is no part
of the purpose for which tins Government was
organized to exercise non-resident jurisdiction, or
traffic in real estate; and therefore I am forgetting
rid of the nuisance, and of confining the Govern-
ment to its legitimate purposes as soon as we can
possibly do it. Therefore, again, I am opposed
to the organization of any more Territories, and
of inaugurating again the old policy of the Gov-
ernment, which has led to all the sectional quar-
rels which have existsd, and now exist, between
