2464
'THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 30.
Franklin -    172
Godfrey, (attached to Coffey)...
Greenwood   
Hunter, (attached to Breckm-
tidge)    ;
Jackson  179
Jefferson  355
Johnson .  482
Le&venwprth 1,391
Linn    373
Lykins  355
Madison  6
Marshall and Washington  179
McGee, (attached to Bouibon)..
Morris..,  114
Nemaha  41
Osage  1
Pottawatomie,..,  33
Riley  97
Shawnee.  167
Waubaunse.....  8
Wilson, (attached to Allen).
Woodson 
Wyandott 
77
321
Total 7,<23-2
265
222
367
408
1,109
563
453
81
149
41
228
31
-12i
298
535
121
87
2b9
9,70S
401
722
890
2,592
936
808
87
325
155
270
32
151 1
395 i
702 .
129 ;
164 |
610 .
16,949
Parrott's majority, 2,746.
Such, Mr. President, are the materials from
which I insist that it fairly and reasonably ap-
pears that the population of that country at the
time of the adoption of this constitution was just
about one hundred thousand.
Now, Mr. President, what has heretofore been
required of the Territories and States when they
have been admitted m regard to population ? Was
there ever a Territory applying for admission as
a State, with this number of population, that was
rejected ? I insist that that cannot he made to ap-
pear in the history of our Government. Weil,
then, it is true, that on thus occasion, and in re-
lation to this people, there ought to be established
an entirely different rule, and that their rights
ought to be dealt out to them by an entirely dif-
ferent measure from what ever has been dealt out
to any other Territory before ? This is not rneiely
the ease in relation to the admission of States in
the earlier history of ourGovornment—they never
hud anything like this population—but it lias been
so even up to a very recent period. At the last
Congress, Oregon way admitted, when no man,
who had occasion to look into it, had any belief
that it contained anything like fifty thousand peo-
ple. I believe it was never claimed that it had
more than that. This Territory h; s certainly
almost double, probably, in truth, quite double the
population Oregon had when she was admitted.
The Suite of Florida was admitted with a popu-
lation, I believe, of ie.vs than thirty thousand; a
grout deal leas than was nwessary to entitle her
to a Representative, according to the ratio that
then existed; and oven now she has not the num-
ber required by the present ratio, for she has not
much over fifty thousand, as 1 understand. There
are many other States which have been admitted
with a much smaller population than Kansas
now has. 1 have not taken occasion to examine
them all; but I venture to say that no Territory
ever presented itself asking admission as a State
that was rejected with this amount of population
in the history of our Government. Kansas has
more than many other States in the Union now.
if you look at the vote for the choice of a Del-
egate to Congress, in order to ascertain their num-
bers, you find that they east about seventeen thou-
sand votes. That is a greater vote than is cast m j
a majority of the congressional districts that are I
ropiesented in the other House this day. If you !
look over the returns of the votes for the election
of mcmbeis of the pio*eiit House of ltepiesenta- '
tives in the different congressional districts of the
country, I venture to say that if will be found
that more than half of all these districts east a iess
vote tor Representative than tins Territory cast
for its Delegate.
In the next place it should bo recollected, for it .
cannot be left out of the account, that in the last
Congress a bill was passed for the admission of
this territory as a State. lUsnot necessary now :
for me to go into the conditions that were annexed :
to that in what was called the English bill; bin this I ;
say, that Congress at that time—two years ago— i
djd express its satisfaction with the admission of ]
Kansas o.i the point of numbers. It then said, i
that on the score of numbers, it was willing1 to ;
admit these people. S
Thus, Mr. President, I have gone over the J
grounds which ha^ suggested themselves to my j
mind in relation to the question of 'population, t
The next point to which I call attention is in re-
lation to the extent of territory included in "the
proposed State. It is true that in drawing their
lines and taking their vote and calling in their
people and choosing their delegates and ratifying
their constitution, they did not go over all that
territory which was included in the oiiginal bounds
of the Territory of Kansas. It turns out, upon
more familiar and intimate acquaintance with that
country, that, in point of fact, we have a larger
district of country west of the Mississippi, and
between there and the Pacific, which is barren and
incapable of inhabitancy, than we atfirst supposed.
Before proceeding further with that point, I wish
to call the attention of the Senate to the original
bill by which the Territory of Kansas was cre-
ated. One of the provisions of that law, com-
monly called their organic act, was this:
" And when admitted as a State or States, tne said Ter-
ritory, or any portion ihfrcof, f-hall he mceived into t!io
Union, with oi without slavery, a-* their constitution may
prescribe at the time of their admission.*'
"When the world read that provision, I take it,
they had a right to undeistand, and the fair, can-
did method of reading it, is, that Congress said,
u here is a Territory which we describe, and of
which wc give you the boundaries; and we say
to you, now go and settle that country, and when
the proper time conies, the Tciritory of Kansas
shall be admitted as a State, with or without
slavery, as its constitution shall provide." Does
not that give us to understand that it is to make
I a constitution, and that it is to be admitted as a
State ? Is there not a sort of plighted faith in the
very provision of the organic act that that shall
take place ? Had not all men going there to settle
a right to suppose and believe that they were to
be treated m relation to this point as other Terri-
tories had been treated; that is, received upon the
formation of their constitution, whenever they
had a proper population? I think so They did
understand it so. They have settled upon that
understanding.
It has been ascertained that there is in that Ter-
ritory, as it was originally formed, a legion of
some three hundred miles in extent this side of
the Rocky Mountains, this side of that country
now called Pike's Peak, which is, m effect, for
all purposes of population, a barren waste. It
is, for all the purposes of mciease and for all the
purposes of inhnbitancy, the same as if it were
so much water. It does to pass across from one
part to the oilier, but you have to carry wood and
water to effect it. It is like so much sea inter-
posed. There ne\«>r can he, practically and in
fact, any intercourse or connection between that
region round about Pike's Peak, in the Rocky
Mountains, and the great body of the eastern
part—the inhabitable and valuable part of the Ter-
ritory of Kansas. They have no connection; they
never can have any actual connection. They have
no relation to each other more than people would
have who were setth d m Uvo diiferent regions,
divided by an arm of the sea to thatextent. This
having been ascertained, the people of Kansas
have included within the proposed State limits all
the inhabitable region on which inhabitants have
gone into counties in all the eastern part of the
Territory, and they have included a part of that
uninhabited region, and drawn their lines, and
have left a division between them and a people
who have not and never can have any connection
with them.
Now, what is contained within their bound-
aries ? Eighty thousand squares miles within that
part which is inhabited and inhabitable, which is
taken info the provision, of this constitution—a
larger area than the State of Virginia, larger than
tlieState of Illinois, larger than the State of Mis-
souii. I take it there can be no serious objection to
this eounti'y being admitted as a State in conse-
quence of the binned extent of its territory. If any
objection could be made on that ground, it woulU
be that it is too large. The proposed State hunts
include eighty thousand square mih 3: and all the
calculations which I have presented m relation to
the votes and the population are within the limns,
not taking in the barren region between there and
Pike's Peak.
Mr. President, before I proceed to attend to
some of what are called the objections to this ad-
mission, I desne to make some more general re-
marks. I know that this subject, the admission
of Kansas under this constitution, has been be-
fore this body in some form ever since last De-
cember. It has received delays and delays until
this time. I have been unwilling myself, and
am now, to enter into any of those unseemly col-
lisions and controversies which sometimes occur
between gentlemen here in relation to the pre-
ccdcnce of business. This has at last found its
day. Its time is-here and now. I trust I may
not find any disposition to devise various contriv-
ances for the delay of this subject. I desire that
it shall bo passed upon, after due deliberation;
and that after all gentlemen who desire to be
heard are heard, it may be voted upon, that it
may not be put under the operations of what is
called the circumlocution office, contriving " how
not to do it." I desire that there may not be ex-
ercised upon it any science of putting off and"
continuances; but that we may come to the ques-
tion, and finally pass the bill in some form.
Can it be possible that any body or party of
men in the Senate can suppose that any benefit
can be derived from further delay on this subject?
Is it true that this warm and long agitation, which
certainly has more or less agitated the whole of
this nation m relation to Kansas, can be protracted
with benefit to anybody? I would seriously ask
gentlemen on the majority side of the House,
whether they believe the present dominant party
has thus far derived any advantage from this agi-
tation? Have they reaped any such beneficial
fruits to themselves and to the success of their
party, as commend a continuance of the experi-
ment ? I hardly think they will be able to find it.
From the beginning to the end of this subject of
the agitation of Kansas, and as long as it con-
tinues, that very agitation certainly furnishes an
element for opposition. The party now the ma-
jority party, and in possession of the Government,
cannot possibly obtain any advantage from con-
tinuing and procrastinating this agitation. I do
not know but that those who can thrive alone
upon agitation and opposition might think that
some of their materials and elements were gone
if the Kansas question should be settled. Per-
haps they might complain about it; but I can
hardly see how men who desire peace here and
peace m the country can themselves lend any
assistance to continuing the agitation of this sub-
ject of Kansas. If we admit it, there is the end
of it. That which has been so long a bone of
contention and an apple of discord in this coun-
try will be removed. I trust, therefore, that many
objections which I have heard suggested, from
time to time, may disappear and will disappear,
if any serious resolution is once come to and en-
tertained that this subject shall be now settled
Mr. President, I hardly think that gentlemen
will be willing to concede that this nation shall be
made to understand that this application is rejected
because of the slavery question. Gentlemen on
the'other side of the Senate have often charged
that many or ali of the opposite party were op-
posed to the admission of any slave State what-
ever, even a Territory made a slave State by the
choice of its own people; they have charged that
others will vo*te to reject the application of a State
offering a constitution which sustains slavery; and
I am hardly prepared to believe that any gentle-
man on that side of the House would be willing
to furnish to the country evidence that they them-
selves would reject a constitution because it pro-
hibited slavery. If that arises now, this will be
the first time. If the example of rejecting or ad-
mitting a State simply on that ground is ever to be
set, if it be done in this ensp, it will be done in
this case for the first time, and the consequence
gentlemen can calculate as well as I can. Certain
it is, that a less number of population in this same
Territory of Kansas were offered admission on a
constitution that permitted slavery—offered it by
the Senate—if so be that they would comply with
certain propositions about land. Can il be pos-
sible that a Senate of the same party who made
that offer are prepared now to say that Kansas
shall not be admitted when there is a greater ac-
cession <>f population, and with this extent of ter-
ritory, when there is no sufficient reason for their
couise, except that that sustained slavery, and
this constitution does not? That is the difference.
If we go upon population, we come to another
thing. A year or two ago you admitted the State
of Oregon" with hardly half this population. Why
was that admitted11 It was a State with a free con-
stitution—a constitution against slavery. The
