1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
501
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I am not dis-
posed to interfere j but I am disposed 
Mr. 'HOUSTON. The gentleman from Maine
has occupied the floor the whole morning in
making his point of order, and he has made state-
ments which the Journals do not authorize.
The CLERK. The Clerk begs leave to state
to gentlemen upon both sides of the House that
he feels that he has limited powers here, that he
is often embarrassed by questions of this kind
continually raised. The Clerk rccognized the gen-
tleman from Alabama as upon the floor. This
point of order was discussed yesterday all day,
as gentlemen will recollect, and no gentleman
raised a question upon it then. The gentleman
from Alabama was recognized as upon the floor
upon that point of order this morning, and the
Clerk begs leave to state that while he does not
make itas a decision, he knows of no parliament-
ary law 01* practice by which the gentleman from
Maine can take the floor from the gentleman, and
press this question.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I insist that
the gentleman shall not be permitted to go on,
unless the Clerk, or the House on appeal, decides
that he may. The Manual says any member may
insist on the execution of a standing order with-
out-debate. I insist on it, and ask'the Clerk to
decide my point, or submit it to the House.
Mr. MOORHEAD. Wc want the Clerk to say
what he decides.
• ^ The CLERK. Then the Clerk says that he de-
cides that the gentleman from Alabama has the
floor upon the question of order.
Mr. HUTCHINS. I appeal from the decision
of the Clerk.
M-r. PHELPS. No appeal can be taken from
such a decision.
Mr. MOORHEAD. We do take an appeal,
and we want the yeas and nays upon the appeal.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. And upon
the appeal the gentleman from Alabama still has
the floor, and can discuss it, and gentlemen can-
not take the floor from the gentleman.
Mr. DAVIDSON. There is no such thing as
an appeal under the parliamentary law.
-Mr. PHELPS. The point of order raised by
the gentleman from Maine is, that the order of
the day is that the House shall proceed to the
election of a Speaker; and he asserts thnt nothing
else is in order except proceeding to call the roll
and voting for Speaker—in other words, that the
one hundred and six members upon the other side
of the House have slumbered upon their rights,
from the 5th of December to this day, by per-
mitting discussion to go on, if they arc correct in
the position they are now taking; and I am aston-
ished to see them interfering to prevent a gentle-
man who has had the floor assigned to him from
proceeding and stating hiss views on the question
of order that was under discussion yesterday. It
seems as though there was an attempt to prevent j
discussion from going forward. I appeal to them ;
whether that is courteous conduct. :
Mr, MOORHEAD. I would like to know by
what right the gentleman from Missouri holds the 1
floor now? i
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I called the at- j
tention of the Clerk and of the House to this rule '
five weeks ago, and I then insisted on its cxecu- ;
tion. !
Mr. MOORHEAD. If the gentleman from :
Alabama has the floor, how docs the gentleman j
from Missouri happen to occupy it? j
The CLERK. The Clerk begs leave to state !
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, that men 011
his own side have occupied the floor almost ex-
clusively since this discussion has sprung up.
Mr. MOORHEAD. Yes; butifthegenLlemuii
from Missouri says that the gentleman from Ala-
bama is entitled to the floor, why does he [Mr.
Phelps] occupy it?
The CLERK. The Clerk presumes he was oc-
cupying the floor with the permission of the gen-
tleman from Alabama.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I desire to say to the gen-
tleman from Alabama, that I have no disposition
to choke him off; but I think we have a right to
appeal from the decision of the Clerk. / That ap-
peal has been made, and 011 it I move the previous
question.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. Well, the
gentleman from Alabama has a right to debate that.
The CLERK. The grnflemnn from Pennsyl-
vania has not the floor to enable him to call the
previous question—the gentleman from Alabama
being recognized by the Clerk as on the floor; and
the Clerk knows of no rule by which the floor can
be taken from him unless he violates some of the
rules of the House.
Mr. MOORHEAD. A point of order was
made. The Clerk overruled that point of order,
and an appeal has been taken.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I call the
gentlemanto order.
Mr. MOORHEAD. Why did not the gentle-
man call the gentleman from Missouri to order
while th«jgentleman fiom Alabama had thefloor?
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I suppose
he had the permission of the gentleman from Ala-
bama.
Mr. PHELPS. I wns speaking by the permis-
sion of the gentleman from Alabama.
The CLERK. The Clerk knows of no author-
ity under which an appeal can be taken from his
decision, he having merely assigned the floor to
the gentleman from Alabama; but even if an ap-
peal could be properly taken on that question, the
gentleman from Alabama would still be entitled
to discuss that appeal, he not having surrendered
the floor.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. But I make
the point of order that the gentleman has not the
right to debate it, has not the right to debate the
point of order—that there is no more right of
debate now on any proposition than there is in
the House after the prevfbus question has been
ordered, when all debate must be by consent.
In this case all debate is by consent, and I now
object, and ask that my objection be respected.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I call the
gentleman to order. I have no idea that a minority
of the House shall be permitted to dictatc the
course of the majority in this way.
Mr. MOORHEAD. Let us ascertain where
the majority is on this question. Whenever I find
that there is a majority on the other side I will
vield.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. That has
been found by thirty-five ballots.
The CLERK. The Clerk has decided that the
gentleman fiom Alabama is entitled to the floor;
110 other member seeking it when he was recog-
nized; that much the Clerk has decided.
Mr. GOOCH. Well, we have now reachcd a
new point. This is the first decision we have
been able to get from the Clerk according to my
recollection, and wc now take an appeal from that
decision.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. The Clerk
has only decided that the gentleman from Ala-
bama has the floor, and there is 110 appeal from
that.
Mr. GOOCH. The suggestion has been made
that a minority has been tryingtorule the House.
Now, let the question be put to the House, and
if this side be beaten wc will yield. If that side
be beaten, they can do as they choose about it.
The CLERK. The Clerk begs to state to the
gentleman from Massachusetts, and the House,
that, at the time he awarded the floor to the gen-
tleman from Alabama, no other person, within
the knowledge of the-CJcrk, was seeking it. All
that the Clerk decides is, that the gentleman from
Alabama is*cntuk'd to the floor under the parlia-
mentary law, he having been first recognized by
the presiding officer.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. The point I
make is, that the gentleman from Alabama can-
not go on and make a speech unless the Clerk
decides that debate is in order, it being objected
to. I ask the Clerk to decide that point.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to know who is
entitled to the floor.
The CLERK. The gentleman from Alabama
is entitled to the floor, in the opinion of the
Clerk.
Mr. BURNETT. Then I insist that the Clerk
shall enforce his decision, and say that the gentle-
man from Alabama shall proceed.
Mr. EDGERTON. I call the gentleman from
Kentucky to order.
Mr. BURNETT. All interruptions of this
sort aie out of order.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I think I could
quiet this matter, with" the permission of the gen-
tleman from Alabama.
Mr. BURNETT. I object to all interference
with the gentleman from Alabama, who is enti-
tled to the floorl
The CLERK. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Kellogg] asks the gentleman from Alabama
to yield him the floor for the purpose of malting
a suggestion to the House.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. One that will be
satisfactory to the gentleman, I have no doubt.
I suggest to the House that the gentleman from
Alabama proceed with his remarks; and that after
he shall have concluded, the House .shall proceed
immediately to vote for Speaker.
Members on all sides. That is right.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I desire that we
should vole for Speaker occasionally—once a
week at least. [Laughter.] I do not care how
many times you raise the plurality rule—I know
it will not obtain. I want to vote once a week
at least, from this time till my term expires, for
Speaker of the House, and I will continue to make
that proposition. I hope that the House will now
permit the gentleman from Alabama to proceed,
and then let us vote for Speaker.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I propose to
do no such thing. [Cries of "Order! ]
Mr. BURNETT. I call the gentleman from
Maine to order, and I insist on my rights. [Calls
to "Order!" from the Republican benches.}
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I have a right
to insist on my point, and I do it, and shall con-
tinue to do it.
Mr. CLOPTON. Mr. Clerk 
Mr. WASHBURN, ofMaine. Does the Cierk
refuse to entertain my point of order? [Loud
calls to order from the Democratic bcnches.l I
want the country to understand that the Clerk
refuses to entertain it—to put the question to the
House which I have a right to make. [Continued
calls to order.]
Mr. MOORHEAD. Cannot tlie Clerk put this
question to the House, and ascertain where the
majority is? [" Order!"" Order!"] I hope the
gentleman from Alabama will permit a vote to be
taken on the question.
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama. My colleague [Mr.
Clopton] has a right to discuss it before the vote
is taken.
Mr. CLOPTON commenccd to address the
House.
Mr. BURNETT. I hope the gentleman from
Alabama will suspend until order is restored.
[" Order!" " Order!"]
Mr. ASHLEY. Do I understand the Clerk to
refuse to put the point of order to lift House?
Mr. HOUSTON. The Clerk does not refuse;
but that is debatable.
Mr. ASHLEY. Do I understand the Clerk to
refuse to put the appeal to the House?
The CLERK. The Clerk does not understand
that any appeal has been or can be taken from
die mere awarding of the floor.
Mr. ASHLEY. I understood the Clerk to
decide that the point of order raised by the gen-
tleman from Maine could not be entertained?
The CLERK. No, sir; the Clerk made no such
decision.
Mr. MOORHEAD. Will you entertain it?
The CLERK. The only decision of the Clerk
is that he recognizes the gentleman from Alabama
as on the floor, 011 the point of order raised yes-
, tcrday.
j Mr. ASHLEY. The gentleman from Maine
: raised the point of order that the gentleman from
] Alabama was not entitled to go on. The Clerk
! refuses to decide the question; or, if he does decide
1 it, he refuses to put the appeal taken from the de-
cision.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I call the
gentleman to order. If there could be any appeal
from the Clerk's awarding the floor, this House,
instead of being a legislative body, would be con-
verted into a mob—nothingclse. ["Order!" "Or-
der !" " Order !"]
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I insist, Mr.
Clerk, ["Order!" "Order!" "Order!'] that the
gentleman from Alabama cannot proceed with his
speech. [Shouts of " Order !"]
The CLERK. The Clerk begs leave to state
to the House that it is evident that gentlemen are
determined to take advantage of the embarrass-
ments thrown around the position which by law
the Clerk is compelled to occupy. The Clerk
then begs leave to suggest to gentlemen, on all
sides, that inasmuch as objection is made to the
