I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
n
36th Cong....1st Sess.
Territorial Policy—Mr. Green.
Senate.
and I ought to apologize for using the term. I do
not think it very appropriate in the Senate to use
the names of parties, yet we are forced to do it
sometimes in discussing some questions. We
ought rather to discuss principles and questions,
and not parties or individuals or the relations of
one to the other. Yet, as this has been brought
up, I will illustrate what my understanding of the
true position of the Democratic party is on this
question. It was well expressed by the President
in his message, and has my hearty commendation.
He does not give the process of reasoning by
which he arrives at that just conclusion, and I
will supply a few of the necessary links.
And, first, the Federal Government has the
power to acquire territory; second, the power to
acquire necessarily includes the power to protect
and take care of, for the use of all those for whom
it was acquired. I say it is an indispensable inci-
dent, and is necessarily included in the power to
acquire. Third, the jurisdiction over it vests in
the Federal Government for the benefit of all the
States. Fourth, that jurisdiction is limited by the
powers conferred upon Congress by the Consti-
tution, and also by the known purposes, objects,
and views with which the Constitution wasformed
and the Federal Union created. Limitations are
protective in their character; powers are danger-
ous in their character. The more we can restrain
Government, and yet leave it efficient to perform
its appropriate functions, the better. So with Ter-
ritories; so with Federal Governments; so with
State governments.
The Union, then, is a partnership of equals.
This partnership, in use of partnership funds,
has acquired property. It is a territory annexed,
whether by purchase or conquest; its acquisition
being constitutional, and the jurisdiction over it
and the rights in it remain precisely the same.
How would it be with any property acquired by
tluee paitners in trade? Suppose they purchase
a farm adjoining their property, who would have
the right to the exclusive possession 3 Neither of
them. They arc joint tenants. All would have
a right to its enjoyment. I am reminded here by
northern Senators "that this land belongs to the
United States, and wc will sell it and apply the
proceeds to the common benefit of the Federal
Treasury, and therefore the South gets as much
benefit from it as the North." So far, so good; but
this territory is acquired not merely for the value
of the land, the dollars that may come into the
Treasury from its sale; but it is for settlement, for
social intercourse, for political influence, and for
all that appertains to civilized society. Simply
to give the South its proportion of the proceeds
of the sale of the land, and then cut it off from all
benefits, socially, commercially, and politically,
is to inflict on it a gross wrong—-just as bad as if
these three partners were to purchase a farm and
two should say, " we will cut off the timber, sell
that, and divide the proceeds equally between us;
but the soil, the gold dust, the minerals two of us
will appropriate to ourselves." If you permit one
portion of the people of the United States to be
excluded, you confer all the social, commercial,
and political benefits upon the other section of
the Union. Is that equitable, just, moral, or to
be tolerated ? I am reminded, however, by my
friends, who differ with me on this subject, that
they will leave it to the people of the Territory.
I have already explained to you that I am willing
to leave it to the people of the Territory, but they
are not legally competent to decide it until they
have tested the adaptation of the Territory to the
different kinds of labor. In the mean time it must
and ought *to remain, as the Constitution has
placed it, open and free to all to take all kinds of
property, to be protected alike in their enjoyment.
1 would ask nothing to protect the South that
does not protect the North to the same extent
and m the same degree. I should dislike to see
the principle of this popular sovereignty carried
to the extreme that the agrarians of the North
would. They do not recognize the right of any man
to appropriate land to himself. "The earth is
the Lord's and the fullness thereof,"—"we are
the Lord's people and intend to take your land.
Let a fanatical sentiment like that prevail in a
Territory, would not Congress interpose its au-
thority to enforce our rights and the rights of the
people of the States? The very fanaticism that
now seeks to destroy rights of property of one
kind, may in turn come home and inflict a like
injury on yourselves. Fanaticism is governed by
no rule. Fanaticism is governed by no principle.
Fanaticism is an infuriation of the passions and
may be so excited against landed estates, against
manufactories, or against any other species of
property, if the occasion once puts m motion the
cause that produces such results. Thus it is ever
safe to stand by the Constitution and protect the
rights of the people. Thus it is ever safe to bow
with submission to the decision of the tribunal
appointed to decide these controverted points.
The Federal Government was brought into ex-
istence to assist in protecting the rights of all
against foreign Powers, against domestic violence,
and against insurrection; to promote the peace,
prosperity, and happiness of the American peo-
ple. How ? By the exercise of the limited power
granted, and keeping the original purpose with
which it was brought into existence in view. Fol-
low it out steadily, constantly, energetically, and
consistently. I can say, and safely say, never
has the South asked the North to surrcnucr a sin-
gle right of property of any description. I can
say, never has the South struck at any kind of
property possessed by the North, because there
is an obligation and a bond, to which we are all
parties, that precludes us from doing it. We did
ask the North to assist us in carrying out the Con-
stitution in regard to the reclamation of fugitive
slaves. It was a part of the bond. They did as-
sist us; and now, if they will only execute it,
they will be living up to their obligation in good
faith. I know there are hundreds and thousands
of patriotic, law-abiding, and Constitution-loving
men in the North. I will not ovep confine it to
the Democratic, party of the North. I have no
doubt there are hundreds of Republicans who will
live up to it; but I do believe that the controlling
element m the .Republican party is adveise to it;
for I have not heard a single Senator say that if
called upon bv a lawful officer to assist him in the
execution of that law, he would obey the mandate
of that lawful officer. On the contrary, I have
no doubt that every one of them would refuse.
This fact is ominous, and calls for serious reflec-
tion. If Senators will not obey the law and en-
force the Constitution, then, indeed, are we in a
perilous condition.
As this Government has incorporated in its ele-
ments and structure the right of the people to hold
slave property, it would be absurd to infer that
the people of the States conferred the power on
the Federal Government to prohibit it, strike at if,
or lessen its value. Therefore, my conclusion is,
that wherever the Federal authority is exclusive,
slaves may be constitutionally held. It is not ex-
clusive in the States, for the States never trans-
ferred the power to the Federal Government to
grohibit slavery, or to strike at it. Therefore, the
tates may prohibit it in their own borders. No
such reservation has been made to the Territories,
because aTorritory is no party to the Constitution;
and it is utterly impossible that such a right could
be reserved by a people who are not parties to the
instrument. They are not in the Union. They are
not parties to the Constitution. They have chosen
to plant themselves upon the common property of
the United States. we will protect them as an
infant, rising community, until they shall show
themselves fit and worthy of being intrusted with
a State government. Let them, then, form it, and
we will open the portals of the Union, and receive
them into the bosom of the old family. But whore-
ever the Federal authority is exclusive, and it is
exclusive in the Territories, unless we choose to
part with it, our rights must be maintained. In
the language of the Supreme Court, every pro-
hibition of the Constitution applies to Congress
and the Federal Government in aTerritory as well
as anywhere else. Eveiy piinciple of justice and
equality that applies to restrain the Federal Gov-
ernment anywhere else, applies to restrain the
Governmentthere. It has to protect, to take care
of, not only the properly, but the infant commu-
nity, the rising political body, until the period of
fitness shall have arrived, when they may be ad-
mitted into the Union, and thus make an equal
distribution, not only of the property, but the
other benefits of social intercourse, of commerce,
and of political organization. To deprive the
South, or any portion of the country, of the three
named benefits, or any one of them,and make an
equal division of the fourth, would be very unjust
indeed.
The strange and most extraordinary assertion
has been made, that, according to the decision ef
the Supreme Court, if the Constitution entitles a
citizen to hold slaves in a Territory, it establishes
slavery in Pennsylvania and Ohio, as well as it
does in a Territory! This is most unjust to the
court, and most fallacious as an argument. Each
State is sovereign within its own limits over that
subject, and may prohibit or allow, as they please.
But not so in a Territory. That is the question
1 am discussing: that Congress cannot prohibit
it, and that Congress is the only body having
jurisdiction over the Territory; and that the ter-
ritorial government can only exercise authority
conferred by Congress, and as Congress does not
possess the power to prohibit slavery, Congress
cannot confer it.
That argument, I am afraid, has been made for
the purpose of exciting prejudice in the North.
There is too much prejudice already; -and that
prejudice is doing harm socially and politically;
ana, I may add, if I may trust to the truth of the i,
statements contained in the papers, it is doing
harm commercially. It is drawing a line between
the North and the South. It is cutting off that
intercourse which ought to subsist between every
section of this Union. It is damming up the chan-
nels of trade. It will ultimately, if it continues
to progress, result m a virtual dissolution of the
Union. I never use the term except with a feel-
ing of deprecation—not that I would stop to sing
songs in praise of the Union. I think it too high
to need praise. It is above all praise, while main-
tained according to the principles of the Federal
Constitution; but, when that Constitution is sub-
verted—and whenever the decision of the court
as to the construction of that Constitution is not
adhered to, it is to that extent subverted—when
that takes place, even then the Union may be
worth holding onto; but, as that insubordination
continues to progress, and wax worse and worse,
the day may come when it will not be worth pre-
serving. Viewing the subject in the light I do, I
believe that one of two things is now indispensa-
ble and absolutely necessary to be done to restore
the feeling of harmony—the strength—and the
benefits of the Union as it was twenty years ago.
There must be a reaction of the Republican sen-
timent of the North: or there must be an armed
police from the Atlantic to the Pacific. We need
not disguise the truth. Rights of property have
been destroyed of too great an amount to permit
this state of things to go on much longer.
I am not, however, like the Senator from Geor-
gia, [Mr. Iverson,] speaking in a defiant tone. I
regard the North as brethren of a common herit-
age; misguided, excited, inflamed with prejudice;
not aware of the consequences of what they are
now doing: not awaie that the South has been
driven almost to the verge, and that much fur-
ther it cannot go; not aware of the property they
have destroyed, of the good feeling they have in-
terrupted, and the harm they have done gener-
ally—and for what ? To build up any interest in
the North ? To benefit them commercially, mor-
ally, or socially5 No, sir. It is alone for polit-
ical power. But it is also beginning to produce
serious consequences. I hope that this beginning
may be arrested, and that the cause of it may
cease before the effect stops. Then, why is it?
Is there a single citizen m a single non-slave-
holding State suffering any wrong because we
have some slaves in Missouri ? I want to know
why an abolition fund is raised to send tracts over
our State and over southern States, and to publish
incendiary books? Why this interruption? Why
this harmful act? Why this aggression ? Can
my friends of the North point to the South and
say, "You sought to inflame the North, and
destroy the rights of property there?" Never,
never! We have never made an appeal to the
North, except to be let alone in the enjoyment of
constitutional rights, and protected m our prop-
erty m strict accordance with the Constitution.
We have never made an aggressive step towards
the injury of the North in any respect whatever;
and when the historian comes to write the rise
and dccline and fall of the American Union, (if
