2466
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 30,
State can extend its jurisdiction over it. That
•was decided in the case of Worcester's, the State
of Georgia. The Supreme Court decided that the
attempt of Georgia to extend her State jurisdiction
over the Indian territory within that State was
utterly inoperative and void; and therefore any
attempt of this State in any way to extend any
jurisdiction over this country, by the formation
of their constitution, or in any other way, would
be simply void, even if they had not made this
exception; but the fact is that they have excepted
it out of the State jurisdiction in the very words
in which Congress excepted it out of the terri-
torial government.
Now, Mr. President, I have attended to the
objections, so far as they have been made, which
I at present regard as worthy of any answer.
"What others will hereafter be made, I cannot an-
ticipate. 1 come next to some amendments which
have been presented by the Senator from Mis-
souri, the chairman of the Committee on Terri-
tories. He proposes, in his first amendment, to
strike out the boundaries which are in the Con-
stitution and m the bill,and to describe them thus:
" Beginning in the mam channel of the north fork of the
Platte river, at a point where the twenty-fii'th meridian of
longitude west from Washington crosses the same; thence
down and along said channel to its junction with the mam
stream ot the Platte; thence down ami along tlie main chan-
nel of the l'latte to the Missouri river; tiienee south along
&aid river and the western boundary of the State of Missouri
to the northern boundary of the Cherokee neutral land"—
Thatis the land of which I have been speaking—
"thence west along said noithern boundary, the northern
boundary of the Osilge lands, and tile prolongation of the
same. to tile twenty-fifth meridian ot longitude west from
Washington ; thencu north on saul meudian to the place
of beginning."
Firsu you will observe that this carries Kansas
up to the Platte river, and includes all the most
valuable, settled, and populous part of the Terri-
tory of Nebraska'. Its eifect is to dismember the
Territory of Nebraska, and 1 presume it is moved
with a view of laying the foundation for adding
the country north of Nebraska, sometimes called
Dakota, to Nebraska Territory. The effect of
that is to say to the people of Nebraska, whom
you told in 1854 that they should bo admitted as
a State when Lhey formed a constitution, " now
we propose to dismember your Territory; to take
off the most populous part of it south of the Platte
river, and alter the whole aspect of the Territory;
that throws its center out of the place where it
now is—Omaha City."
Next, this boundary is to run along the north
side of this Indian land, and there the hno is to
be protracted west until it strikes the western
boundary on the line of the longitude named, thus
leaving a large number of counties, some of which
are quite populously settled, south of that line,
and not include them m the State of Kansas. There
is and can be, to my mind, but one of two objects
ill all this. First, it is a contrivance " how not to
do it;" one of the modes of getting rid of the ad-
mission—embarrassing it. The only other object
which occurs to meis this: not having succeeded,
as some ardently hoped, in making a slave State
out of Kansas, after all the experiments that have
been made, it is proposed now to dismember it, to
take a piee.e of it oft' on the south, near the Cher-
okee country, and to extend it up north to the
Platte river, and dismember the Territory of Ne-
braska, and then include Dakota in Nebraska,
and thus, in this way, prepare for getting a slave
State out of the Indian Territory and the south-
ern part of Kansas, and break up the prospectof
making Nebraska into a free State, because there
will come in another free State north of that, at
Dakota, sometime or other. To frustrate all such
expectations, it is proposed to cut up the coun-
try beforehand, so to contrive it that there can-
not be more than two free States there instead of
three. The object is one of these two. Then this
provision is made in an additional part of the
amendment:
" See. 4. slnrt be it further enacted, Before this act shall
take ellect, tiie people of Kansas shall, by vote at such
tunes and places as the Legislature by law shall order, as-
sent to the piovisions of this act, or until a convention of
delegates shall thus assent, which delegates may be elected
by the qualified eleetois as the Territorial Legislature di-
rects, including, however, the whole of the Territory em-
braced in tile limits herein prescribed as tlie boundanes of
the State of Kansas."
My. green. The Senator will permit me to
say that that amendment is not now proposed,
though I intend to offer it.
Mr.COLLAMER. It is printed; and I thought
you had offered it.
M r. GREEN. I intend to offer it; but it is not
yet before the Senate.
Mr. COLLAMER. I speak of the amendment
as it is printed.
Mr. GREEN. I cannot offer it all at once. I
can only move the first one at present.
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not see why it is
not in order. I do not see anything in it against
the rules of order. However, that is immaterial.
Now, how can the Territory of Kansas exercise
jurisdiction up to the Platte river, for the purpose
of calling a convention of delegates in a large part
of the Territory of Nebraska ? How would their
law have any operation in that region upon the
people in Nebraska, without that people being first
annexed to the Territory of Kansas so as to make
them subject to its jurisdiction? This does not
propose to do that.
You do not ask the people of Nebraska whether
they desire to be annexed to Kansas; you do not
propose to consult them in relation to the subject;
but you provide that Kansas may exercise terri-
torial jurisdiction over a large part of Nebraska
without ever making it a part of Kansas at all. I
cannot look upon this as anything more or less
than a device for getting rid of this application.
It is saying, "We do not mean to admit you, as
we told you we would when we invited you to
settle the country; when we said that, if you made
a State constitution, we would admit you with or
without slavery, as you pleased; that time has
come now, and we hesitate, not that we believe
you can be annexed to Pike's Peak—we do not
desire to continue that connection." This amend-
ment does not propose to take in any of that
country, and very properly, too, for it cannot with
any propriety be taken in, and 110 gentleman who
understands the matter will insist on it. I have
no belief that the honorable Senator from Missouri
will insist on anything of that kind.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. How much will your
boundary include ?
Mr. COLLAMER. Eighty thousand square
miles. What it leaves out of the present 'lorri-
tory is nothing but a region of uninhabited coun-
try, until you get near the mountains.
Mr. GREEN. That is it.
Mr. COLLAMER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri and myself understand it alike.
Mr. GItEEN. Half of what it takes in is also
uninhabited.
Mr. COLLAMER. There is a part of it; and
(lie people of Kansas were willing to take their
share of that. It is no sort of consequence where
the line is run along that desert, only that when
you come to make a territorial government west
of it, you should bring it up to the same line, so
that it may all be under one jurisdiction.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. What part is excluded
by this amendment ?
Mr. COLLAMER. Here is the map.
[The honorable Senator proceeded to point out,
to several gentlemen gathered around him, the
boundaries of the proposed State, the boundaries
of the existing Territory of Kansas, the Indian
reservations, and the limits proposed by the
amendment of Mr. Green.]
I have, Mr. President, gone over, as succinctly
as I could, what I view to be the foundation of
the claim of the people of the State of Kansas for
admission, stating it from the best information I
have. I have further attended to what I have
understood to be the objections. There is one
amendment that has been proposed by the Senator
from Missouri, and printed, which I must ac-
knowledge that I do not understand. It is, in the
fifth line of the preamble, between " which"and
"was," to insert " by order of the convention
was submitted to a vote of the people, for their
approval or disapproval, and by them approved.''
I do not know what that means.
Mr. GREEN. I have not yet offered it, I
understand it.
Mr. COLLAMER. No doubt you do; but I
have not heard the gentleman's explanation,and
I do not understand it myself. I do not mean to
say that it is not capable of being understood. I
have no doubt it is. The gentleman probably
understands it. I do not wish to speak of it now,
because I desire first to hear the gentleman's ex-
planation of it.
Mr. GREEN. You shall.
Mr. COLLAMER. As far as I can read it, it
is this: the preamble of the bill before us for the
admission of Kansas recites that, "whereas the
people of the Territory of Kansas, by their repre-
sentatives in convention assembled at Wyandott,
m the said Territory, on the 29th day of July,
1859, did form for themselves a constitution and
State government, republican in form, which was
ratified and-adopted by the people."
Nov/, before these last words, after " which,"
we arc to read in " by orderof the convention was
submitted to a vote of the people for their ap-
proval or disapproval, and by them adopted."
The preamble of the bill says that the constitu-
tion was republican in form and ratified by the
people; and to say that it was submitted by the
convention to the people, and ratified by them,
seems to me to be the same thing, only it takes
more words to say it. If the gentleman has any
explanation to make of that, after I hear it 1 shall
be the better enabled to judge of it.
I have now, Mr. President, said all I wish to
say m relation to this subjectat present. Itcomes
again back to this: will the Senate now think it
advisable to settle this subject of Kansas ? Do
they desire to remove this bone of contention? Is
it advisable to put an end to this long war which
has agitated the whole of this country, and from
which I am unable to perceive that anybody on
earth*or any party on earth has derived any ad-
vantage ?
Mr. GREEN obtained the floor.
Mr. LANE. If the Senator will yield to me, I
shall be very much obliged to him.
Mr. GREEN. Certainly. I simply want now
to make this remark, that I shall reply to all the
Senator from Vermont has said; but, if the Sen-
ator from Oregon desires any other matter to be
taken up, 1 shall waive it for the present.
Mr. LANE. Then I move that the further con-
sideration of this bill be postponed; and that Sen-
ate bill No. II be taken up.
Mr. GREEN. What is that?
Mr. LANE. The bill to provide for the pay-
ment of the expenses of the Oregon war debt.
Mr. WADE. I hope not.
Mr. LANE. I make that motion.
Mr. FOOT. Fix some day for this bill.
Mr. LANE. I am willing to fix a day.
Mr. COLLAMER. Make it an early day.
Say to-morrow.
Mr, LANE. To-morrow is to be devoted to
another object.
Mr. COLLAMER. Well, say Monday.
Mr. LANE. I propose to postpone the fur-
ther consideration of this bill until Monday.
Mr. GREEN. Say Monday at twelve o clock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Iverson
in the chair.) The motion of the Senator from
Oregon, the Chair understands,is to postpone the
further consideration of this bill until Monday at
twelve o'clock, and make it the special order
then.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FITCH. I desire to submit an amend-
ment to the Kansas bill, which I want to be
printed.
By unanimous consent, the amendment was
ordered to be printed. It is to add, at the end of
the bill, the following:
See. 4. Jind be it further enacted, That from and after
the admission of the State of Kansas, as hereinbefore pro-
vided, all the laws of the United States, which are not
locally inapplicable, shall have the same force and effect
within that State as in otiier States of the Union ; and the
said State is hereby constituted a judicial district of the
United States, within which a district court, with the like
powers and jurisdiction as the district court of tlie United
States for tlie district of Minnesota, shall be established ;
the judge, attorney, and marshal of the United States for
tlie said district of Kansas shall reside within the same,
and shall be entitled to llie same compensation as the judge,
attorney, and marshal of tlie district of Minnesota; and
in all cases of appeal or writ ot enor heretofore prosecuted
and now pending in tlie Supreme Court of the United
States, upon any record from the supreme court of Kansas
Territoiy, tiie mandate of execution or order for further pro-
ceedings, shali be directed by the Supreme Court of the
United States to the district court ot' the United Statesior
the district of Kansas, orto the supreme court ot the State
of Kansas, as tlie nature of such appeal or writ of error
may require ; and each of those courts shall be the success-
or of the supreme court of Kansas Territory, as to all such
eases, with full power to hear and determine the same ana
to award mesne or final process therein.
Sec. 5. Jind be it further cnactei, That the judge ot the
district court for the district of Kansas shall hold tvv g-
ulai terms of the said court annually at the seatot goveru-
ment of the said State, to commence on the second JMon
day of and in each year.
