502
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
gentleman from Alabama proceeding; with his re-
marks, a vote of the House shall bo taken as to
whether the gentleman shall be permitted to pro-
ceed. [Loud cries of "No, no !" " You cannot
do it!" "The gentleman from Alabama cannot be
deprived of the floor!" &c.  from the Democratic
side; and great confusion.]
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. The Clerk
has assigned the floor to the gentleman from Ala-
bama, and ho has no right to put the question to
the House whether it shall be taken from him.
The CLERK. Will the gentleman from North
Carolina permit the Clerk to make a further re-
mark ? The Clerk hopes that his own friends upon
the floor, at least, will not try to embarrass him.
The only decision the Clerk has made is this:
that he recognized the gentleman from Alabama
as entitled to the floor upon the question raised
yesterday by a gentleman here*, and the Clerk rec-
ognized him in the absence of any one else who
was attempting to get the floor. TThe Clerk inti-
mated to the House his opinion that the parlia-
mentary law entitled the gentleman from Alabama
to occupy the floor in discussing that question of
order. So far as the question of order is con-
corned, the Cleric feels that, in this embarrass-
ment, and with the disposition there seems to be to
embarrass any proceeding of the House, lie has
the right to appeal to gentlemen of the House to
sustain him in that decision so fur as he has made it.
Mr. BURROUGHS. Will the Clerk state the
appeal, and give ns a chance to vote upon it?
Mi*. BURNETT. The Clerk must perceive
where that practice would lead us: that H would
place the minority on this floor at the mercy of
the majority.
Mr. GROW. Allow me to call attention to the
action of the House this session, in a case similar
to this.
Mr. BURNETT. No, sir-, wait, if you please,
till I get through.
Now, how does this matter stand? The gen-
tleman from Alabama [Mr. Clopton] was recog-
nized, and recognized upon the question of order
now pending before the House, and which was
discussed yesterday thioughout the day. Ife is
now upon the floor; and, under the parliament-
ary law, no member can take the floor from him,
even for the purpose of making a question of order
upon him, for he is now debating a point of or-
der. What then would be the result if we should
take a vote, as proposed by gentlemen on the other
side? Why, every member on this side of the
House, if we ye in the minority, would be at the
mercy of the majority, and the House would be
eonverted into a mob controlled by mere force of
numbers. That would be the result of this prac-
tice, if it were to he, carried out.
Now, sir, 1 understand that the Clerk has de-
eided that the gentleman is entitled to the floor,
itnd that he htm recognized him upon the question
which is now pending before the House. \ hold
that no gentleman has any light to interrupt him
upon any question, be it a question of order or any
other, and deprive him of the floor, until he sees
fit to yield it. T do hope and trust that gentlemen
on the other side of the House will see the pro-
priety of permitting; the gentleman from Alabama
to proceed with and conclude his remarks, and
then let them take the flooi. If they will not do
that, I insist that, the order of the House shall be
enforced, that the gentleman shall ho permitted to
proceed with his remarks, and th.it order shall be
preserved here. If the practice contended for here
should prevail, when any gentleman on the other
side of the House should get, the floor, we could
prevent all discussion, by raising first one ques-
tion of order and then another, and following them
up in rapid succession, ft is easy to deprive any
gentleman of an opportunity of being heard if you
can cumulate points of order; and the Hou?e
would thus be converted into, a mere mob, m
which the force of numbers would control and
silence the minority. That would be the result of
it I therefore protest, respectfully, against the
action of gentlemen opposite, some of whom I
know Ime had more legislative experience than
I have, and understand the parliamentary law
better; but I do hope that, under the circum-
stances, they will see the piopuety of permitting
the gentleman from Alabama to proceed with his
remarks.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I wish to say
just thia, m reply to the gentleman  
Mr. GROW. I desire simply to call the atten-
tion of the House to their own action this session
in a case precisely in point.
Mr. CLOPTON. I have yielded to the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, and now I will yield to
one gentleman on the other side of the House, I
do not care which, to reply to him, if they will
let me go on after that.
Mr. GROW. The case to which I wish to call
the attention of the House is this: When the gen-
tleman from Illinois (Mr. Logan, I think it was)
was upon the floor, the point of order was raised
whether he should be permitted to go on and
speak. The House will remember that it was sub-
mitted to a vote, and that it was decided that ho
should go on.
Mr, HOUSTON. That is a wholly different
thing.
Mr. GROW. I do not interrupt other gentle-
men, and I must decline to be interrupted.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I want the gentleman
to state the facts of the case as they occurred.
Mr. GROW. I intend to do so; but if I mis-
state the case I will hear the gentleman make the
correction afterwards. Some gentleman, I do not
remember who, was upon the floor and had yielded
it to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Logan,]
who was speaking. The question was raised
whether he could keep the floor from that other
gentleman, if he desired to resume it. It was a
question of order just like this, and it was sub-
mitted to the House, and the House decided that
he should go on. Nowji word in regard to the
suggestion made by the Clerk. The question of
order now raised isnotwhetherthe gentleman from
Alabama shall be ruled off* the floor, hut whether
the pending question, at this stage of the pro-
ceedings, is debatable; and I see no reason why
the Clerk should not submit it to the House as he
did the question which was raised when the gen-
tleman from Illinois was upon the floor. I can
see no objection, when a point of order of this kind
is raised, to having it submitted to a vote of the
House.
As to the objection of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Burnutt,] if the House should decide
that this question, at this stage of the proceed-
ings, is debatable, the gentleman from Alabama
could go on and debate it, and no one could raise
the point of order upon him again, because that
would be the end of it; so that the interminable
difficulties which the gentleman from Kentucky
apprehends, could not exist. I see no inconve-
nience nt it; I have no feeling about the matter,
one way or the other; but 1 find the House m the
same position in which they were when the point
was made upon the gentleman from Illinois, and
t do not sec any objection to .submitting the ques-
tion to the House. If the House decides that the
question is debatable, then I he debate goes on, and
the gentleman from Alabama is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. CAREY. I desire to submit a few re-
marks to the House. I do not desire, however,
to interfere with the gentleman from Alabama.
Mr. CLOPTON. I will yield to the gentleman
for a few moments.
Mr. CAREY. I desire to offer a resolution,
which I a?k to have read for information. [Cries
of Read itand u Object!"]
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I object to any
resolution being offered. I insist that we shall
execute the standing order.
Mr. CLOPTON resumed the floor.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. 1 insist upon
my point of order. [Loud shouts of " Order !"
and "Put him down !
Mr. CLOPTON. I insist that- the gentleman
fiom Maine shall take his seat. 1 have yielded
to the gentleman, and lie has made half a dozen
speeches already.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I have a right
to make the point of order. The gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Burnett] holds that the gentle-
man from Alabama has the right to go on;*! hold
that he has not; and I desire that the Clerk shall
decide one way or the other, or submit the ques-
tion to the House.
The CLERK, The Clerk begs leave to state
to the House, in regard to the case referred to by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Grow,]
that the question that then ..arose was, whether
the floor could he taken from the gentleman from
Illinois upon a point of order ? The Clerk inti-
mated an opinion at that time, that a gentleman
could take the floor from the gentleman from Illi-
nois to make a point of order and to state it, but
that he could not deprive the gentleman from Illi-
nois of his right to the floor to continue his re-
marks by raising a point of order. And that inti-
mation of opinion by the Clerk was submitted to
the House. The House, on that occasion, decided
that the gentleman from Illinois should be per-
mitted to proceed. That is the history of the
transaction, as the Clerk recollects it. The gen-
tleman from Maine has raised a point of order
upon the gentleman from Alabama, and he has
stated his point of order. According to the pre-
cedent set m the case referred to by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, the gentleman from Maine
had the right to state his point of order, but lie
could not deprive the gentleman from Alabama of
the floor by raising a point of order.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Permit me to
say, that if I had the right to raise a point of or-
der, I have also the right to have it decided. My
point is, that the gentleman from Alabama has no
right to go on with any debate. If my point is
sustained, he must yield the floor; and if I am
defeated, then he can proceed. As I have the right
to raise my point, I have the right to have it de-
cided.
The CLERK. Does not the gentleman know,
that under parliamentary law a point of order is
debatable? If thatis so, then the gentleman from
Alabama, or any other gentleman in possession
of the floor, has the right to proceed with his
remarks without interruption?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine I have referred
to the Manual to show that the point of order is not
debatable. That is the very question before the
House, whether the point of order is or is not
debatable ? %
The CLERK. Tho Clerk understands that the
point of order of the gentleman from Maine is as
much debatable as any other point of order.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I take the po-
sition that the point of order is not debatable;
that no point of order and no other question is
now debatable if any member objects. I refer to
the Manual, and I ask the Clerk 'to decide it. If
he decides against me, I will take an appeal; if h#
decides for me, it is all I ask.
Mr. CLOPTON took the floor.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. What does '
the Clerk say ?. [Cries of " Order!" from the Dem-
ocratic benches.] I am to understand, then, that
the Clerk refuses to entertain or decide my ques-
tion, or to submit, it to the House. We arc to
understand, and the country is to understand,
that a minority 011 the other side arc to overbear
the majority on this side, and that the Clerk will
not permit us to avail ourselves of our legal and
constitutional rights.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to make a statement
by the permission of the gentleman from Ala-
bama. The gentleman from Maine talks about,
the country understanding this and that; that the
Clerk does this, and the Clerk docs that. This
House and the country will understand that yes-
terday the gentleman from Maine was the first
member, after the gentleman from Ohio submitted
his proposition, to discuss it. He set the exam-
ple of debate; and, sir, he spoke oftener and longei
than any other member. This point was dis-
cussed yestei'day by members on both sides of
the House, and I heard 110 objection to it then.
There was then no interference with the debate
that occurred. The House adjourned with the
gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. McRae] upon
the floor. That gentleman had the floor, upo^i
what? Upon the question of order. This morn-
ing the gentleman from Mississippi yielded the
floor, and the gentleman from Alabama obtained
it. That is the state of the facts. The gentleman
from Alabama proposes to discuss the point of
order. I confess, then, my surprise, and not only
my surprise, but my regret, that any member of
this House should persistently interfere with the
right of the gentleman from Alabama to occupy
the floor.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I spoke yes-
terday in reference to the point of order, to con-
vince the House that the point I made was right,
and that points of order are not debatable.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman from Ala-
bama then, has the right to show that the gentle-
man is wrong.
