1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2467
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. I should like to under-
stand whether the Senator from Oregon is entitled
to the floor on Monday next on this bill? [" Oh,
no!"]
Mr. LANE. I should like to have the floor
on Monday for about five minutes on this bill.
Mr. GREEN. I have the floor myself.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Missouri is entitled to the floor on this bill.
Mr. LANE. I now move to take up Senate
bill No. 11, for the payment of the expenses of
the Oregon war debt.
Mr. WADE. X believe that the Kansas bill is
not yet disposed of. No vote has been taken on
it that I am aware of.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
of the Senator from Oregon was put and carried,
that the bill be postponed until Monday at twelve
o'clock, and made the special order for that hour.
Mr. LANE. Now 1 move to postpone the
previous orders, and take up Senate bill No. 11,
making appropriations to pay the Oregon war
debt.
Mr. TOOMBS. I suppose the first question is
on postponing. I am willing to postpone, but I
shall then want to take up the unfinished business
of yesterday. I am in favor of the postponement
of the other question.
Mr. LANE. It has been postponed until
Monday next. Now I move to take up the Sen-
ate bill, No. 11.
Mr. GREEN. I beg leave to remark, that
though the bill for the admission of Kansas is the
special order for Monday next, and 1 have the
floor, 1 have consented to yield to the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Summer,] who
will address the Senate on that day.
Mr. SUMNER. I am very much obliged to
the Senator for his courtesy in yielding me the
floor on that occasion.
OREfiON WAR D)!BT.
Mr. LANE. Now I ask that the bill be taken
up that I have indicated—Senate bill No. 11.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the con-
sideration of the bill (S. No. 11) making an appro-
priation for the payment of the expenses incurred
by the people of the Territories of Oregon and
Washington, in the suppression of Indian hos-
tilities therein, in the years 1855 and 1856, the
question being on the amendment of the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs to strike out all after the
enacting clause of the bill, and insert:
That the following sums, or a«i much thereof ad may be
necessary, be, and they are hereby, appropriated, otuol any
money 111 the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to de-
fray the expenses incurred in the Teiritouea of Washing-
ton and Oiegon in the suppression of Indian hostilities
therein, in the years 1855 and 1856, so far a-> the claims
glowing out of that war have been reported to the Depait-
ment by the commissioners appointed for that puipo&e,
under the authority of the eleventh section of the act ol
lbth August, 1856, chapter one hundred and twenty-nine
For the pay of volunteers, embracing the fust, second,
and ninth Oiegon regiments, and the three companies of
minute-men, numbered sixty, sixty-one, and sixty-two, and
the first and second Washington legiments, and promiscu-
ous companies, including the companies of Captain Strong
and Captain Ilays, §100,000: Provided, These volunteers
shall not receive Inghei pay and allowances than were given
to officers and soldiers of equal grade, at that period, in the
United States Army.
For the payment of supplies, transportation, personal
services, &e.* $#,1)00,000: P,ovided,'Vlmt all claims there-
for, arising from contracts previously made, by competent
authority, shall be paid upon the piesentation of proper
vouchers; but if not so contracted for, they shall be settled
upon terms of equity and justice, at puces not exceeding
the highest rates prevalent m that country at that time, to
be ascertained by purchases made for the regular service;
but no claims lor services rendered to volunteeis after they
were mustered out of the service shall be allowed, nor
shall compensation be made for the services of any person
in more than one capacity for the same time. And all
claims of said volunteeis for horses, arms, and othcrprop-
erty lost or destroyed in said service shall be audited and
settled accoiding to the act approved the 3d of March,
1849.
Mr. LANE. Mr, President, it is not my pur-
pose to make a Jong speech upon this question, nor
to discuss it very fully, for it is a subject now so
well understood that 1 think discussion is not ne-
cessary. I will, however, invite the attention of
the Senate to the character of this bill, and to the
amendment proposed by the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, which was unanimously adopted by
that committee, myself excepted—for I insisted
upon my own proposition in the original—and-its
passage recommended. The war between ftie
people of Oregon and Washington and the In-
dians of these Territories was recognized by Con-
gress, and measures taken to ascertain the ex-
penses incurred in it, as early as the 18th of August,
1856. On that day Congress passed the follow-
ing law. I commence with it, to show the Senate
that war did exist; that Congress recognized its
existence, and also their obligation to pay the ex-
penses growing out of it. On the day I mention,
they passed the following law:
"Be it enacted, That the Secretary be directed to exam-
ine into the amount of expenses necessarily incurred in the
suppression of Indian hostilities in the late Indian war in
Oregon and Washington, by the territorial governments of
said Territories, in the maintenance of the volunteer forces
engaged in said war, including pay of volunteers; and that
ho may, if, in his judgment it be necessary, direct a com-
mission of three to proceed to ascertain and leport to him
all the expenses incurred for purposes above specified."
In conformity with this act of Congress, the
Secretary of War issued the following order:
"War Department,
"Washington, September 4, lSSO.
"Agreeably to the authority given by the eleventh sec-
tion of the act of August 8,185(5, making appropriations for
certain civil expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing June 30, 1857, a commission, to consist of Captain An-
drew J. Smith, first dragoons, Captain Rufus Ingalls,quar-
termaster's department, and Lafayette Grover, Esq., Salem,
Oregon, is hereby appointed to examine into the amountof
expenses necessarily incurred in the suppiession of Indian
hostilities in the hue Indian war m Oregon and Washing-
ton by the territou.il governments of said Tenitorics, for
the maintenance of the volunteer forces engaged in said
war, including pay of volunteers, and report the lesuit of
their examination to the Secreuuy of War."
This law, then, that I have read not only rec-
ognized but it provided for the appointment of a
commission, if, in the opinion of the Secretary of
War, it should be necessary, to examine into the
expenses incurred by the two Territories in main-
taining troops in the field, including pay for ser-
vices rendered. This commission consisted of
one citizen of Oregon and two Army officers—
officers who had been on duty in that country for
many years; officers who understood well the con-
dition of affairs, who understood well the price
of supplies, and all things relating to the war.
That board was organized in October, 1856, and
under their oaths proceeded to settle and adjust
the expenses incurred in consequence of the war.
They were on duty twelve months, laboring
faithfully to make a fair, just, and proper set-
tlement of the expenses incurred by the people;
and at the end of that time reported their proceed-
ings to (he Secretary of War. Now, there can
be no doubt, I think, on the mind of any Senator
that these officers did most faithfully discharge
their duty. It was a commission created by the
Government, composed of Army officers, who
have never, as 1 am aware, had a feeling more
friendly for the citizens than they ought to have,
or, in other words, who have never been inclined,
at the expense of honor or duty, to favor the cit-
izens of any portion of the country more than
they should be favored. It was the object of the
commission to ascertain the expenses incurred,
and to make such allowances for services ren-
dered as the law of the Territories provides for
such services; and it is safe here to say that the
price allowed for subsistence, transportation, and
supplies was within the price paid by the Army
for similar articles in cash at the time they were
purchased. In no instance did they exceed the
cash price paid by the Army for the like articles
at the time these were purchased.
Well, sir, upon the report of this commission
to the Secretary of War, he called the attention
of Congress to the payment of the awards allowed
by this commission; and I will read the recom-
mendation of the Secretary of War upon exam-
ining the awards made by the commission. He
said:
" By a law passed the 18th day of August, 1856, a commis-
sion was directed to be appointed loi the purpose ot ascer-
taining the sum. of money fanly due to the volunteers of
Oregon and Washington Termors, for their services in
the Indian wan, which threatened to lay waste those Ter-
ritories. In compliance with this law, Captain Smith, of
the first dragoons, Captain Rutus Ingalls, of the quarter-
master's department, and Latayette Grover, Esq., of Sa-
lem, Oregon, were appointed to examine the accounts and
claims, and to make a report m conformity with the law
and upon the facts as they existed, so fai at ieast as it was
possible to ascertain them.
" These officers entered upon their duties on the 10th day
ofOctobei, 1856, and seem to have labored with great assi-
duity and patience in the discharge of them, until the 20th
of October last, when they were brought to a close. 1 have
examined this report very carefully, and conclude that from
the data they have adopted ior their guide a-? to the puces
for stoics and subsistence, and tune of service of the men,
it is not piobable a moie just or accurate result could be
obtained than these gentlemen have arrived at. The
amount ascertained to be due is a very large one, and Con-
gress will have to make provision for ifc> payment, if it is
intended they shall be liquidated, of which I presume there
can be no doubt."
Now, up to this time, Mr. President, the Gov-
ernment had taken every step that could be taken,
not only to recognize this war, and the expenses
growing out of it, but to pledge herself to the4pay-
ment of it. She appointed her own commission
to settle the expenses, and upon the examination
of the awards and proceedings of the commission,
the Secretary of War calls the attention of Con-
gress to it, in the words that I have read.
A question sprung up here; notas to thejustice
of the claims, but as to the amount of them. At
the time this report reached Congress, I intro-
duced a bill in the other House, providing for pay-
ing the awards of the commission, the services
and supplies they found due. It was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, who, after a
very careful examination of the question, con-
ducted to have a readjustment, with a view of
having the awards of the commission scaled, with
a view of having them reduced, for the purpose
indeed of compelling the people of Oregon and
Washington Territories to submit, for their ser-
vices, to the price of regular soldiers; and for sup-
plies, to a basis fixed in this country, and not in
Oregon and Washington. After very much de-
lay, the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs of the House conducted to introduce, or
report, as he did, a series of resolutions, directing
the Third Auditor to readjust these claims. The
first resolution is in these words:
u Resolved, That preliminary to the final settlement and
adjustment of the claims of the citizens of the Territories
oi Oiegon and Washington for expenses incurred, in the
years 185.> and 1856, in lepelling Indian hostilities, it shall
be the duty of the Third Auditor of the Treasury to exanv
me the vouchcis and papers now on file in his office, and
make a repoit to the House of Representatives, by the 1st
Monday in December next, of the amounts respectively due
to each company and individual engaged in said service,
taking the lollowing mles as his guide m ascertaining the
amount so due: first, he shall recognize no company or
individual ay entitled to pay except such as were called
into service by the territorial authorities of Oregon and
Washington, oi &uch whoso services have been recognized
and accepted by the said authouties ; second, he shall allow
to the volunteers engaged in said service no higher pay and
allowances than were given to officers and soldiers of equal
grade at that period in the Army of tho United States, in-
cluding the extia pay of two dollars per month given to
troops serving on the Pacific by the act of 1852."
As to the question of the war and its necessity,
the committee also took cognizance,notwithstand-
ing the acts of Congress, and the settlement of the
expenses that had been made under the law of
Congress. They went into that matter, as well
as to send these claims to the Third Auditor for
a readjustment. At the close of the first session
of tho last Congress the Committee on Military
Affairs directed their chairman (Mr. Faulkner)
to proceed to examine this matter, to inquire into
the war and its cost, and to report to the commit-
tee, on the first Monday in December following,
the result of his investigation. He took upon
himself, in the recess, the examination of this ques-
tion. He went to the Third Auditor's office; he
pored over all the reports, all the records that had
been written in relation to the matter, as well as
the expenses as reported by the commission, and
he made this report to the Committee on Military
Affairs of the House, in pursuance of their order:
" The duty which the Military Committee devolved upon
mc unbraced, accoidmg to my construction, two heads of
inquuy—first, the origin of the war. Did the facts con-
nected with its origin show a proper case for calling out
the uulitia forces of the Territories? Was it a nccessary
war so tar as the protection of the lives and property of the
people were concerned? in pursuit of this branch of the
inquiry, I piocured promptly, after the adjournment of Con-
gress*,'all the printed documents and other information
within my reach bearing upon that aspect of the subject;
and, after a careful examination, I reached the conclusion
that the condition of affairs in the Territories of Oregon
and Washington in tne fall <>H8Tj5 fully justified the call
for the militia of the Territories, and i so reported to tho
committee at its first meeting m December."
The Committee on Military Affairs, two years
after Congress had recognized this war, again
concluded to investigate the causes to ascertain
whether the condition of things in Oregon and
Washington made it the duty of the Governors to
call out the militia for tho defense of the settle-
ments and the lives of the people of those Terri-
tories; and pfter careful examination, reported
that there was no doubt of the justice of the war,
and of the necessity of calling out the troops.
Thiu last action in relation to that matter, l hope,
