1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
503
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I wish the
House to have an opportunity of saying by their
votes whether my position is or is not right. I
think a majority of the House believe that my
position is a sound, one, and further, that that !
majority has the right to express its opinion. j
The CLERK. The Clerk begs leave to state, !
that if the gentleman from Maine had a right to S
give the reasons for the correctness of his point of
order, the gentleman from Alabama has the same
right to show wherein the gentleman from Maine
is wrong in his point of order. That would seem
to the Clerk to be fair, at least.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Do I under-
stand that because there was debate yesterday, j
the point I made not being insisted on, that now, ]
when the point is insisted on, the Clerk will not .
entertain the point to decide it, or submit it to the [
House ?
The CLERK. The Clerk is not able to under-
stand what the gentleman from Maine docs under-
stand.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I want the Clerk
to decide whether the gentleman from Alabama
has the right to go on with the debate, it being
insisted that the standing order is for the House
to proceed to the election of a Speaker, without
debate and without delay. I ask the Clerk whether
lie refuses to entertain, decide, or submit my point
of order to the House, that points of order, as well
as other questions, are not debatable? If the Clerk
decides against me, I take an appeal; if not, then
I am satisfied.
The CLERK. The Clerk begs leave to say
that the gentleman from Alabama is recognized
as holding the floor. He lias obtained it without
objection, and the Clerk respectfully declines to i
put any question to the House, so long as that '
gentleman claims the floor. i
Mr. CLOPTON. Mr. Clerk, events which are i
transpiring throughout the Union herald the be- 1
ginning of its end. The country has paused in :
its ascent to greatness and glory; and patriots have
been forced at last to consider the probable dis-
memberment of the Confederacy. The greatest
Republic—the grandest political achievement of
ancient or modern times—is moving steadily on
to dissolution.' For the second time within the
space of four years the course of legislation has ,
been arrested, and upon the sole question of do- j
mestic slavery in the South.
Why, sir, is it that for several weeks we have j
been engaged here, we, the Representatives of the ,
people of the United States, m an unsuccessful
effort to elect a presiding officer5 Is it merely
because the Speaker has m his hands the power
so to arrange the various committees, and direct
the course, of business and legislation as to pro-
mote his peculiar political views and tenets, or
those of h'is party? Oil this account, much im-
portance, and deservedly so, is attached to that
office; but this is not all.' When a party organi-
zation puts forward any individual as entitled to
its support, he is taken and accepted as a repre-
sentative man of that party. Hence this contest
is resolved, not into a struggle between men as in-
dividual aspirants for office, but between oppos-
ing principles—whether the third office ill this
Government shall be administered according to
the principles of the Constitution, or according to
principles hostile to that instrument and danger-
ous to the Republic.
The election of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Sherman] has been determinedly and persist-
ently resisted by all the elements of opposition
in this House, because it would be a gigantic step
on the part of the Black Republican party of this
country to acquire the control of the executive
department of the Government.
It is significant, that during the entire discussion
which has been had, pending the organization of
the House, the question of slavery and of the rights
ofthe slaveholdmgStates, springmgtherefrom, has
predominated. All other political issues, except
as that of a protective tariff has been incidentally
introduced, have been lost sight of, and this great
question has wholly engaged our attention—
great, sir, in that it involves the constitutional
rights of a large section of this Union, and rises
before us in the magnitude of its proportions, full
of import in its consequences. It lias absorbed
all the politics of the country; and every southern
citizen is bound by the primary allegiance which
he owes to his State, to hold it paramount to all
other considerations, until t-he South has either
regained her lost constitutional equality in the
Union, or, by a withdrawal from it, resumed her
delegated rights and powers, according as her
people in their wisdom may determine; for now,
it seems, another sacrifice is demanded upon the
altar of the Union, and the South is the victim to
be again led to the slaughter.
Those gentlemen representing the American
party South, who have declared their positions
Upon this floor, have expressed their intention to
submit to the election "of a Black Republican
President. I do not question their motives, or sit
in judgment upon their patriotism and fidelity to
the Constitution. Their opinions were certainly
well known before tlicir election, and, no doubt,
harmonize with those of a majority of their
constituents. If this be true, permit me to inform
the gentlemen and the House that the principles
and positions advocated by them are at variance
with the principles and position advocated by the
Opposition party in the district which I have the
honor to represent. That was the only district
in the State of Alabama in which they made a
contest for the supremacy. Parties are nearly
equally divided, and I recognize each and every
citizen thereof as a constituent. Their chosen
leader, able and fearless, boldly and publicly ad-
vocated the policy of secession in the event of the
election of a Black Republican President. Upon
all questions touching the course and duty of the
South in certain contemplated contingencies there
was but little, if any, disagreement between us;
and while individuals, for aught I know, may
differ from him in this regard, yet he was gener-
ally and strongly supported. From these facts
and for these reasons, they having no other voice
here, I feel it due to them to place tliem in a
proper position before the country, and in their
name and on their behalf to disavow the senti-
ment of submission upon the success of the Black
Republican paity.
I do not mean to indulge in words of invective,
for they do not comport either with my taste or
sense of propriety. Neither do I intend to speak
inflammatory words, but those of truth and so-
berness, giving forth the spontaneous utterances
of my heart,and declaring the settled convictions
of my judgment. The State of Alabama has had
no convention of her people by which to declare
what will be her course, and the only authority
from which I can speak is that of certain resolu-
tions winch have been reported to the Senate by
the Committee on Federal Relations, providing
for a convention m the event of the election of a
Black Republican President. Those resolutions
were unanimously adopted by the Senate of Ala-
bama, irrespective of party. But I have no au-
thority to commit or pledge the State to any par-
ticular action, and do not mean to do so. Suffice
it, to say that the views and sentiments which I
shall express here to-day, were advocated by me
ill the late congressional canvass; and with a full
knowledge of these, they selected me to represent
their interests m this branch of Congress. And
permit me further to add, in this connection, that
my brief congressional experience and observa-
tion have only had the effect to press home, with
more strength, the conviction that an imperious
necessity exists for the South to prepare to defend
her own rights.
It is idle, worse than idle, it is folly, for gentle-
men to lay the flattering unction to their souls
that this Union is not in danger. The ligaments
which have heretofore bound it together are being,
one by one, broken. It stands upon the verge of
a volcano, the commotions of which portend an j
early eruption. |
Mr. Everett, in his late speech at the Union !
meeting at Boston, said: j
"The war of woid- of tile pres=, of the rostrmn, of the j
State Legislatures, and. must I add, of tin- pulpit, has been j
pushed to a point of c\-a-pcration, which, on the slightest j
untoward accident, may lush to the bloody arbitrament of
the sword. The groat master of political science said, rev- I
olutions do not take place for small causes, but/rom email ;
cau^e1;." I
This is a true description of the present state of ,
tlie Union. Great and exciting causes have been, \
and still are, at work, and a spark may light up a ■
magazine which will blow this Union to frag- 1
ments. 1 know the attachment of the southern (
people to the Union; with them cherished mem-:
ories cluster about its history; and, if it were dis-
solved into its original elements, the fragrance of
revolutionary virtue and patriotism would linger
around them still. .. Yet, there are some who, for
years past, as they have observed the progress of
abolitionism, have seen in it the elements that
would eventually work its dissolution, whilst
others, more sanguine, have cherished hopes of its
perpetuation, until the last sad chapters of Black
Republicanism have aroused them to a sense of
their danger and to the necessity of self-preserva-
tion. And now, almost altogether united, the
South stands in"solemn, earnest attitude, waiting
the action of the people of the free States. The
responsibility of maintaining this Union has been
thrown upon them, and they must decide the
issue.
It is delusion deluded, to suppose it can be per-
manently secured by compromises, concessions,
congressional resolutions, political platforms, or
Union meetings. All these have been tried and
tried in vain. For more than half a century the
statesmen of this country have endeavored, at
each recurring period of danger, to settle this per-
plexing question bypolitical adjustment. I would
cast no imputation upon their wisdom, virtue, or
patriotism; yet the southern citizen, occupying'
the stand-point of the present, and looking back
upon the past history of the Union, with the light
of thirty-nine years shed upon it, must feel in his
heart, that evil was the day and cursed the hour
in which the South ever consented to the first com-
promise of a single constitutional right. No peo-
ple, in all the rise, history, and consummation
of revolutions, have realized a lasting benefit or
secured permanent safety by yielding or compro-
mising their rights. Better, far better would it
have been for the South, if, instead of compro-
mising, she had placed herself upon right and
equality, and with the Constitution in her hands,
presented, at that time, the alternative of disunion
or exact compliance with its provisions, fulfill-
ment of its requirements, and observance of its
guarantee's. Then the rights of the slaveholding
States might not, to-day, have been disturbed or
put m jeopardy, andno whisper of disunion would ,
have been heard.
In 1820, when a slave State asked admission
into the Union, it was demanded thatageograph-
lcal line should be enacted, north of which slavery
or involuntary servitude, except for crime, should
never exist. Mr.'JcfFcrson seemed as if he were
almostendowcd with the spirit of prophecy, when,
in 1821, writing with reference to the Missouri
compromise line, he used the following language:
" It would be recurring on every occasion,and renewing
hrifations, until it would kindle such a mutual and moral
hatied as to render separation preferable to eternal dis-
cord."
Not its repeal, but the enactment of this line,
was the Pandora's box from which have issued all
our political ills.
When territory was thereafter acquired from
Mexico, purchased by the common blood of the
North, the South, the East, and the West, and
when territorial governments had to be organ-
ized, instead of adhering to that first compromise,
a new one was demanded, and the measures of
1850 were adopted, by which the entire South
was excluded from the rich domain of California.
So far as Congress or political conventions could
do it, the people ofthisUnion were committed and
pledged to those measures as a final adjustment of
the slavery question. Did they bring peace ?
Soon thereafter, abolitionism gathered all the
anti-slavery elements of the free States within the
fold of Black Republicanism; and, seizing on the
one, idea of hostility to slavery—"the sum of all
villainies." as it has been charitably styled—has
fed and fattened on agitation, increasing and
strengthening, until now the Presidency is almost
within its roach. It has trampled under foot and
crushed out the Whig party; and the only serious
opposition that ithas encountered in the free States
has been from the Democratic party—that party
which Mr. Seward once said was the only barrier
to its progress. Whether that party, holding to the
Constitution in its letter and spirit, and advocating
just and equal laws and protection to the rights of
every State and of every species of property, shall
be able to drive back the hosts of abolitionism,
awaits the response of the next presidential elec-
tion. The will becomes strongest when it is bent
upon the accomplishment of a single purpose ;_and
the human nnnd, from its very organization,
grasps more readily one idea, and conteifipkitcs it
