2468
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 30,
Mr: President, has settled the question in the mind
of every one that the war was a necessary one;
that it was brought on by the Indians themselves;
that the white people were forced into it in self-
defense; and all the expenses that did occur grew
out of that condition of things. I say I hope,
therefore, that no Senator, or any other person
who understands this subject, will raise the ques-
tion of the necessity of the war. The purpose
now is to obtain payment for services and ex-
penses incurred in a war that Congress and its
committees have recognized and authorized the
settlement of.
Now, sir, there is a great difference in the sums
found due by the commission appointed under the
law of Congress to adjust these expenses, and the
readjustment by the Third Auditor. The Third
Auditor merely took the awards allowed by the
commission, and scaled thorn down, as provided
by the resolutions, directing that the volunteers
should receive the pay of regular soldiers, and no
more; and in reducing the price of subsistence in
all portions of the two Territories consumed by
the troops while in the service. The bill, as I
introduced it, that is now under consideration,
provides for paying the claims or awards of the
commission, as found by them; but the amend-
ment offered by the Committee on Military Af-
fairs as a substitute for the bill, provides for
paying the troops at the rate of pay of the regular
Army. The proposed amendment to the bill re-
duces the expense some three million dollars.
Now, the question that the Senate will decide—
for I am sure they intend to pay these debts—will
be between the bill that I introduced, based upon
the settlement of the board of commissioners, who
were there right on the ground, and who have been
there on duty for many years, and who have set-
tled and allowed claims that they believed to be
right under their oath, and the amendment offered
by the committee. I am a member of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs. I did not vote for this
amendment, for I believed that we ought to have
the amounts allowed by the commission—indeed
I know it; but finding that the committee did not
think so, I then expressed the hope that the Sen-
ate would pass my bill; but if we could not get all
that was due us, wc would have to take what we
could get. I am willing that the Senate should
decide between the two. If they adopt the amend-
ment of the committee, then let them pass it, and
let the people have the small amount which the
bill provides they shall have. It only provides
for paying our volunteers at the rate of the reg-
ular Army, which is a great hardship. It pro-
vides for paying subsistence at the rate the regular
Army purchased at the time, for which they paid
cash; and our people who furnished supplies have
been waiting, lying out of the use of their money,
for five years. I take it for granted no Senator
would desire thatour people should now be allowed
less than the price paid then in cash by the Army
for the same kind of articles.
There is very much to be said, Mr. President,
in relation to this subject, and 1 am well prepared
to go into a full history of it; and I think I am
certainly able to answer any objection that can be
raised against paying the claim, or against the con-
duct of the people of these Territories; but I have
no desire to consume unnecessarily the time of the
Senate.
The reduction proposed in the substitute of the
committee from the awards allowed by the com-
mission, on the pay of volunteers, 1 think, is
about a million and a half, and, in the whole, the
total reduction is about three millions, or per-
haps, a little less than three millions, below the
price allowed by the commission. I hope the Sen-
ate will pass my bill; it is based upon the awards
of the commission, and provides for paying the
claims and expenses as adjusted and allowed by
them; their adjustment was, in fact, upon princi-
ples of justice, and the bill ought to pass as I in-
troduced it. But, as 1 said before, if we cannot
get it, then wc will have to take the amendment.
Certainly no Senator will refuse to the volunteer
who served in that country his twelve or sixteen
dollars a month, or whatever may be the amount
which the regular soldiers are paid in that portion
of our country. Most of the men who went into
the service in that country were farmers; many
of them were worth from five to ten and fifteen
thousand dollars, withgood farms, well improved,
with a large amount of stock, cattle, and horses;
but the condition of the country made it neces-
sary that the best men should turn out; and they
did so, and every one of them that entered the
service who had to hire a hand to work his farm
while he was gone paid him at least two dollars
a day for work on his farm, while he was serv-
ing at twelve or sixteen dollars a month. Under
such circumstances would any Senator refuse
that amount to our volunteers? Small as it may
be, our people need it; they want a settlement of
the matter. This is a question that ought to have
been settled long ago. These claims ought to
have been paid several years since. It would
have been just to our people to have paid them
then; but Congress did not, and now I ask them,
I beg them to provide for paying them.
With these remarks, Mr. President, unless a
Senator should raise some question which will
make it necessary to go further into the history of
this matter, I feel inclined to leave it to the Senate.
I will say, however—and I will not consume more
than five minutes in doing so—that the weir was
terrible. No man who had not seen it could be-
lieve the extent of damage inflicted by the Indians
on our people. No man could for a moment im-
agine that so much damage could have been in-
flicted as was inflicted upon our people of Wash-
ington and Oregon within the time this war lasted.
T can tell you, sir, that for fifty miles of settled
country, where there were good farms of six hun-
dred and forty and three hundred and twenty
acres, where the people had fine houses, and were
comfortable, and wore living, as they supposed,
in perfect security, in one day and night the In-
dians swept over it, and did not leave one house
or barn, nor a piece of fencing which would burn;
and but one woman and child and one man es-
caped out of all that settled portion of the country.
I do not desire to go into a history of the suf-
ferings of that war, for in that district of country
they were too horrible to relate. I passed over
the country not long after. When I left home it
was one of the most beautiful portions of our
country, where the people had as much comfort
as can be found in any portion of America. The
people were as comfortable, and as happy, and
they felt as secure as they would have felt in New
York; but m that sudden outbreak, under the or-
ganization and lead of a great chief, who was the
equal of Tecumseh in capacity, and not inferior in
courage to any man that ever fought in battle, who
madeun organization with many tribes of Indians
in the two Territories so complete, that upon the
same day they commenced hostilities from the
forty-second to the forty-ninth parallel, from the
southern extreme of Oregon to the northern ex-
treme of Washington. On that day and night
they committed more damage, and shed more
blood in these two Territories, than has ever been
perpetrated by Indians in any portion of America.
The people were forced unexpectedly into a most
terrible war, which they were not able to sup-
press for more than twelve months. In this dis-
tracted and distressed condition of the country,
it was the duty of every man to go into the ser-
vice, and to turn out everything ho could spare
for the subsistence of the forces while in the field.
My own neighbors were compelled to seek refuge.
For myself, it is a pleasure to engage in these
things when they are on us; but I can say that I
never killed an Indian where I could avoid it. I
never shed or encouraged the shedding of In-
dian blood, when I could possibly avoid it; and
1 have spared life at the hazard of my own. I
was going to remark that, in my absence, it was
necessary for the people who escaped in the neigh-
borhood in which I live—for I live in the southern
portion of the State—to go into block-houses, and
there live for months in the most uncomfortable
way, while everybody, except a few necessary to
protect the families, were in the field, laboring to
bring about a peace. My own family, like others,
were exposed to danger. I thank God, however,
that none of them subjected the Government to
any expense. They have no claim growing out of
this matter; but their lives were in danger as much
as others who escaped.
Without going into a further history of the war
—I hope it may not be necessary—I leave the case
with the Senate, with the request to the chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs to present
his views of the bill of the committee, and to ask
the vote of the Senate as soon as \ye can get it.
Mr. DAVIS, I thinK I can state to the Senate,
in a very few words, all which probably they de-
sire to hear from me in relation to this case. After
this war in Oregon had terminated, and when the
claims for the services of volunteers were before
Congress, the course taken by the House was to
refer it to the Secretary of War for adjustment,
and to authorize him, at his option, to employ a
commission to determine the amount that might
be due. At that time I was Secretary of War. I
employed a mixed commission, consisting of an
officer of the line, who had been longest in ser-
vice in California and Oregon of any who were
available for the purposes; an officer of the quar-
termaster's department, having special experience
in the purchase of material and equipment of
troops; and a citizen of Oregon of high character,
who was supposed to be specially informed.
When the report of that commission was sub-
mitted, the House, startled, I suppose,, at the
amount, ordered a reexamination. It was reex-
amined by the Auditor. His report was sent
to the House, and a copy of it furnished to the
Senate.
The Committee on Military Affairs of the Sen-
ate, in examining the Auditor's report, found an
allowance made of pay for volunteers which they
deemed to be more than was just; that is to say,
they decided that volunteers should receive the
pay of troops of the Army of the same charac-
ter, and no more. There was also a reduction in
some of the amounts to be paid for purchases of
supplies which the committee deemed to be unjust.
They held that the current price of those supplies
in the country at the time, as deduced from the
purchases made by the Government, was the
proper basis on which to fix the amount that should
be paid for supplies to these volunteertroops; that
they should give to the persons who had furnished
the supplies the amount for which they had agreed
to give up their property, by contract with persons
properly authorized to make such a contract, un-
less there was evidence of some collusion, or where
the price was so extravagantas to justify thebelief
that there had been either neglect or collusion.
Therefore, as none of the prices, so far as they
were presented bythe Auditor,exceeded what was
the current rate of the country at the time, the com-
mittee decided, whenever the contract was of the
character which I have described, that the Gov-
ernment was bound to pay the amount which the
person making the contract had agreed to pay for
the property when he received it. They had
passed into the public service, the Congress hav-
ing adopted the service of these volunteers; and
therefore, though they were not mustered into the
service, their adoption by Congress, in the opinion
of the committee, precluded us from any examina-
tion into the necessity of calling them into service.
There is one point to which objection may be
made. It is the refusal of the Governor of the
Territory of Washington to have the volunteers
of that Territory mustered into the service, and
put under the orders of the military officer com-
manding in that department. The then Govenor
of Washington Territory was an experienced sol-
dier. He believed that he could administer the
militia of the Territory himself, and he chose to
do so. His reply, refusing to have them mustered
in, however, contained in it also an assurance that
he would cooperate cordially with any portion of
the United States troops.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Who was he ?
Mr. DAVIS. The present Delegate from the
Territory, Governor Stevens. They did coop-
erate, so far as I am informed, cordially with the
troops, and the services rendered by them were,
in many instances, such as were indispensable
to the proper defense of the country. There
is one company of pioneers who were engaged
nearly all the time in severe labor, building block-
houses and opening roads. The bill does not ex-
pressly state that they are to receive extra pay.
I have consulted, however, with the Senator from
Oregon, and he thinks it not necessary to amend
the bill. I think a fair construction of the bill
will give them extra pay. I believe they are en-
titled to it, and that the evidence is sufficient to
warrant the payment of the extra allowance which
is made to soldiers when employed on fatigue
duty.
Unless there is some further inquiry, or some
objections to the bill, I will not weary the Senate
by going into any further details.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I wish to inquire of the
