I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
36th Cong—1st Sess. That Black Republican Bible—The Helper Booh—Mr. Ilindman. Ho. of Reps.
Mr. HINDMAN. In order to make their ori-
gin clear, I request the Clerk to read the letter
that precedes them.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Farmington, New Hampshire, January 16, i860.
As I wa=? reading the Boston Journal a low clay? since,
the printed extracts here inclosed interested me very mucli,
us they relate to the late Pemberton Mills, of Lawrence,
Massachusetts. It so happens that it is notquite one yeai
since 1 was employed theie, in chaige of a section of one
of the rooms. 1 was removed from that berth on the charge
of daring to sympathize with the pooi operatives who were
then out of the mill on a stiiko tor justice and living wages.
But the inclosed resolutions, which the spinners, m a body,
passed, without a single dissenting voice, explain their
feelings much better than I can at the present time.
The poor slaves were not successful in their strike. They
were told if they would not submit to their present wages
and situation, the ovvneis would stop the whole mill, as
the> could not afford to pay any more for their labor. By
this threat the most of the operatives were driven to sub-
mit ; but a few of the most usetul never returned to work,
and still lemam alive as witnesses of the tviannyand abuse
of the masters placed over them.
I now see it stated in the papers that this Pemberton cor-
poration has been doing a very successful business the past
year, (which includes the time the pooi operatives struck
for living wages,) having made $150,000 tor the owners.
The above speaks for itself, and need not to bo commented
upon by me. That the laboi co>t the ovvneis less than the
same, amount of slave-laboi would at the South, is without
a doubt m my mind. Your statement that the northern
operatives expenenced not the commonest feelings of hu-
manity fiom their masteis, I fully indole. And to prove
it here, I will lelate an instance that actually occuired in
the Pemberton Mills less than (our months ago.
A woman went to her master and told him that she wished
to be relieved from vvoiU, as she was sick. The master
replied, " Go to your work; a woman can play sick at any
time." The next morning that woman gave birth to a child.
As your paper extiact suits my ideas, though I saw it in
the Boston Journal, I wish you to send me a copy at once
—put my name down tor one year's biibscriptitn. Send
me the next i- sue and your bill, and I will ca<h i. on the
return of mail. Publish m your papei ail I have wiitten,
with the icsolutions. and let the Journal snap and snati
over Ins pets, (or I have ntoie to write m tuture, to give
the eorpoiatiun then ju&t due
HIRAM G. GOVE.
To the Editor of the New York Herald.
Mr. GOOCH. It strikes me that this matter
is precisely as I understood it. That letter comes
from Farmington, New Hampshire, from a man
who had been dismissed from the employ of the
company Ho certainly is not in such a position,
with regaid to that corporation, as that his testi-
mony should be entitled to a very high degree of
credit anywhere.
Now, one thing further in regard to this matter.
I cannot state precisely the amount which these
spinners earn in the mills; but my impression is
that they earn from one and a half to two dollars
per day, woiking ten hours.
Mr. HINDMAN. What I said is true. The
resolutions do purport to come from Lawrence,
Massachusetts. The letter just read comes from
New Hampshire. I shall not'go into a discus-
sion with the gentleman from Massachusetts upon
the authenticity of that document, or upon the
credibility of the person whose name appears as
vouching for the statement.
It seems, however, that he is inclined to dis-
credit and disbelieve whatever may emanate from
one of these oppressed white laborers of his north-
ern factories-, but whether, if the same utterances
had come from runaway negroes from the South,
the testimony would not have been ample and
sufficient, even for his satisfaction, is a matter of
which this House can judge.
Mr. GOOCH. If the gentleman will pardon
me a moment, I will say that, so far as I entertain
opinions concerning slavery, they are'not founded
upon the statements of lunaway slaves. They
rest upon different testimony.
Mr. HINDMAN. As I do not propose filing
a bill of discovery for the purpose of ascertaining
the grounds of the gentleman's belief, I^eg that
he will not take up more of my time.
Mr. GOOCH. Goon.
Mr. HINDMAN. I said that the tenets and
practices of the Republican party lead to civil war,
to bloodshed, to murder, and to rapine. That is
shown by John Brown'a invasion of Virginia, and
slaughter of her peaceable citizens. The Repub-
lican members here may now disclaim all sym-
pathy with that old traitor; they may say again
and again that they contributed nothingto his en-
terprise, either m men, money, arms, or favorable
wishes: but until they shall have abandoned Re-
publicanism, and repented their connection with
it, a discerning and intelligent-public will deride
and spurn all such protestations.
These innocent lambs that now bleat so gently,
under fear of popular condemnation, are the same
men who wrought up the northern mind to that
pitch of frenzy out of which John Brown's bloody
raid proceeded. By tflbir maddening and furious
abuse of slavery and slaveholders, they set on fire
the brain of that old fanatic. Had there been no
Republican party, there would have been no in-
vasion of Harper's Ferry. John Brown was the
tool of Republicanism, doing its work; and now,
that work is done, Republican politicians cannot
skulk the responsibility. The country will hold
them to it, and will gibbet them for it, as effectu-
ally as if the hemp that strangled John Browii and
his confederates had also strangled these his insti-
gators, from Seward, the author of the infamous
irrepressiblc-conflict doctrine, down to his last
made convert and disciple, the member from Penn-
sylvania. [Laughter on the Democratic side.] I
refer to that member from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Hickman] who has,on this floor, twice threatened
to apply the teachings of Seward, and to reenact
the conduct of John Brown, by mustering and
marching eighteen million-northern men against
the South, to whip her into submission to the
higher law.
When that invasion is made, the price of hemp
will go up, for our whole crop will be needed to
hang"the Abolition soldiery; [laughterfrom Dem-
ocrats and the galleries;] but the price of arms
will go down, for wc will take from our invaders
arms enough to equip our whole population. [Ap-
plause from Democratic benches and the galleries.]
The history of that invasion will be like that of
the old Assyrian raid into Judea; the fate of its
forces will be the same as that of the hosts of Sen-
nacherib:
u Like the leaves of the foiest when summei K sieen,
That iiost with their banners at sunset were been;
Juke the leave-s of the forostwhen autumn hath blown,
That host on the inonow la> witheied and strown,"
That, sir, will be the fate of the invaders of
southern soil. In the language of a prominent
Republican member of this House, " we will wel-
come them, with bloody hands, to hospitable
graves." [Apolause m the galleries.]
This traitorous, sectional, and bloody Repub-
lican party is the one that met us at the threshold
of this House, on the first day of the session, de-
manding the Speakership. "Not content to rely
upon its abominable record, to which I have thus
briefly adverted, it presented a candidate with a
still more abominable record of his own; thus add-
ing to our sense of injury the galling conscious-
ness of intended insult. That candidate has
repeatedly referred us and the country to his con-
gressional record here, as the index to his opin-
ions on the great question of the day, and an-
nounces his willingness to be judged by that test.'
It is not my purpose now to make a recital, in
detail, of all las votes and expressions relative to
slavery, during hi«=s four years' service on this
floor; but I have given them particular examin-
ation, and the knowledge I haveof them justifies
the statement that he stands in the very front rank
of Republican uitraism. On (me occasion, he in-
sists upon the exclusion of slavery from certain
territory by congressional legislation; and then
he declares that new sLivehoidmg States shall not
be admitted into the Confederacy. At one time
he brands the fugitive slavftaotas " a savage and
inhuman law," then he stigmatizes slavery as
" an injury to the master and a crime against the
slave." And, finally, giving full scope and vent
to his abolition zeal, be becomes a practical en-
courager of negro-stealing, and an assistant of th<;
underground railroad.
That this declaration may be distinctly under-
stood, I refer members to the proceedings of this
House on February 28, 185G, as set forth in the
Congressional Globe:
Grbeswood offered the following resolution •
<• Resolved, That the Committee on the Judie,ui\ ho in-
structed to inquire into the piopriefy of providing b\ law
for the indictment and pum-hmem of persona for the steal
iny of slaves in the Indian frmitory.
" Mi. Sherman, f object/'
Now, Mr. Clerk, the object of that resolution
is defined by its own terms. It was to prevent
interference, by professional slave*steulcrs of the
North, with property in slaves in the Indian ter-
ritory. That such legislation was necessary, that
it was proper, there could be no question; that it
ought to have been granted is clear to the mind of
every one conversant with the facts. What was
the course of the member from Ohio upon that
subject? Did he, like a loyal man, like one-will-
ing to do justice to the property interests of every
section of the Confederacy, come forward and
help to accomplish that object? No; the very
moment the proposition was made, he obtruded
an objection to its consideration, thrust his enmity
to it u|fbn the House. Is there any excuse—any
palliation for that action of his ? I am aware of
th£ fact that ordinarily a mere objection to the
consideration of a resolution of this character does
not commit the objector either to or against the
matter objected to; but in this case that general
rule is set aside by the subsequent facts. There
is a particular reason given for the objection, and
that reason is not left to inference alone. It is set
forth plainly, distinctly, so as not to be misunder-
stood or mistaken.
" Mr. Grgenwood. If the gentleman who objected to
the resolution will allow me, 1 will state the grounds for
the necessity of it. The reason is, that uuder the law as it
now exists, and under the decision of the courts, persona
on the borders of the Indian territory can go into sueh ter-
ritory and steal slaves therefrom and take them into the
southern States, and there sell them with impunity.
" Mr. Sherman. Being satisfied with the explanation of
the gentleman, I withdraw my objection."
Mr. Clerk, the character of the resolution of
my predecessor; the fact that objection was made
by the present Republican candidate for Speaker
to its consideration, unanimous consent being ne-
cessary; the peculiar nature of the explanation
given; and the prompt withdrawal of the objec-
tion; all these circumstances point conclusively,
as I think, to this, as the attitude held by Mr.
Sherman on the subject of negro stealing. For
the punishment of that crime, pure and simple, he
would give no aid. The agents of the underground
railroad might ply their trade and go scot free,
so far as he was concerned. Stealing slaves and
taking them abolitionward was, in his view, a
philanthropic enterprise, not only not to be pun-
ished, but to be shielded by non-legislation-and
sheltered by well-put parliamentary objections.
But when it appears that the thieves have strong
pro-slavery proclivities; that they are "soundoi>
the nigger question," and carry their spoils, not 1
North, but South; that they put. them in southern
cotton fields, instead of translating them to the
mock freedom of lion-slaveholdmg States; then
the position of the member from Ohio changes;
his action is reversed, and his objection is with-
drawn. A pro-slavery negro thief must be pun-
ished by all means. To that there is no objection.
Oh! no, sir; but an anti-slavery negro thief must
hot be molested. This is one of the beauties of
the record on which the Republican candidate so
complacently plumes himself.
It is not surprising, Mr. Clerk, that such opin
ions and sentiments as those which he is thus
proved to have entertained and expressed, should
lead him into other excesses. It is not at all
strange or inconsistent, but perfectly natural and
in character, that John Sherman should cordially
indorse Mi. Hinton Rowan Helper. He might
have written the Helper book with his own hand
and pen, and published it'to the world over his
name, without creating the slightest astonishment
or inducing the least surprise in the mind of any
man familiar with his antecedents. No wonder,
then, that he so obstinately refuses to disavow the
Helper doctrines. If he should disown them, he
would repudiate the very pith and marrow of his
own teachings. Sewardism, Helperism,arid Sher-
manism are identical. The black mantle of Re-
publicanism covers them all. It and they are one
and the same. That they lead to violence and
bloodshed, to revolution and anarchy, is shown
not only by what I have referred to, but by the
declarations of the archapostle of the faith In
his speech, made m the .Senate Chamber, on the
3d March, 1858, Senator Seward used this lan-
guage:
•£ Free labor ha^. at last, apprehended its risht^, it-* m-
tere-ts. it- powVj, am} it-* de~-rmy, and h oisaiu/.inc ilsoif
to as-mni'4 the Government of the Republic U v. iUJumh*^-
foith, meet jnu boidiv and resolutely heie: it w.il meet
you everywhere, m the Temtoue- or wui of them, where
"ever vou mix go to extend -.iaveiv U Uwduven you haek
m California and Kansas, it mil tnouje you soon in Dela-
ware. Maryland* Virginia, Mistcwri, and It wiU meet
