1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2469
honorable Senator when this war terminated; and,
if he will permit me to add another question at the
same time, I wish to know of him what was the
military force of the United States Army at that
time in the Territory ?
Mr. DAVIS. In Washington Territory there
was abattalion commanded by a major. There may
have been three or four hundred men; I cannot state
it with any certainty. In southern Oregon there
was a portion of dragoons, and some infantry—
probably as much as four or five companies; but the
principal force, probably, was then at Vancouver
and at the Dalles, amounting perhaps, altogether,
to some four or five hundred men. The troops
in southern Oregon were necessary to cover what
is called the Rogue river country, and the valley
which lies back of it. They could not be concen-
trated with the troops in the upper portion of the
country. Those in Washington Territory were
required to guard the coast settlements from a
sudden incursion of the Indians living along Puget
Sound—warlike, very well armed, and in constant
intercourse with the Hudson's Bay Company, and
of whom there were at that time great apprehen-
sions; while active operations were conducted
against the Indians of Columbia river, the vari-
ous tribes who had been concentrated under the
organization referred to by the Senator from Ore-
gon, under one chief. I suppose there could not
have been, therefore, more than four hundred men,
after deducting those necessary to guard the north-
ern frontier, the southern frontier, and those ne-
cessary to hold the depots. It will be remembered
that those troops in the field were surrounded by
Indians, and that only with the loss of their bag-
gage and some portion of their equipments, they
were able to cut their way out; and I believe if
they had not been joined by the volunteers the
settlements must have been utterly destroyed.
That is my recollection of the event.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Certainly, Mr. Presi-
dent, I have the most full and entire confidence
in all statements made by the honorable Senator
from Oregon; and furthermore, I can say I desire
that every one of the men who rendered service
on the occasion, without further inquiry into the
cause of the war, should be paid to the last cent.
According to this bill, $400,000 has been estimated
as necessary to be appropriated for the payment
of these troops for their personal service. That
is all that is intended to cover the whole of them.
Then we come down to another article of appro-
priation :
" For the payment of supplies, transportation, personal
services, &c., $3,000,000.
It is a very extraordinary disproportion be-
tween the payment made to the men for services,
and that which remains to pay for supplies and
transportation. I can well imagine that provisions
were dear at that time in a new country; but I
confess it seems to me that $3,000,000 to supply
§400,000 that are employed in the payment of
the troops, is a very exaggerated sort of a bill.
I remember, in past times, an expedition of as
much public consequence, and apparently one of
as much cost, where, I think, the transportation
was not half this amount. In twenty days, upon
proclamation of old Governor Shelby, during the
last war, three hundred Kentuckians were assem-
bled from every part of that State at Urbana, in
the State of Ohio, to march clear across our whole
country over into Canada, and they did so. My
friend, Dr. Mitchell, who was the surgeon gen-
eral of the army at Urbana, applied to Governor
Shelby for transportation for the medicine; he
was the doctor. The old Governor smiled at
him. "A wagon and team to carry medicine, do
you say, sir?" "Yes, sir, I want a wagon to
carry medicine." The old Governor said he
never heard of such a thing in all his lifetime.
Though a good Presbyterian, in time of war I
confess he did swear a little; but they were all
patriotic oaths, every one of them. He swore
ne would do no such thing. He would not put
the United States to that sort of expense at all
to carry medical stores. A doctor that could not
carry his own medicine he did not want to have
anything to do with; and the excellent surgeon
general of the army was put off to find ways and
means of carrying his medicine.
Now, if there had been a little of that sort of
hardihood here, I think less than three million
would have been sufficient. I cannot conceive
what could be carried along that would make a
bill of $3,000,000 to a number of men whose ser-
vices $400,000 would pay for. I do not know how
they mustered up all this in a country like that.
You will recollect the campaign did not last more
than a year. It did not last ayear. Itcommenced
in the fall of 1856, and in the next fall, in October,
you already had commissioners there settling the
accounts.
Mr. LANE. We had peace about the 1st of
October.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. That is a year. It
lasted about a year; and in one single year, with
an army of militia—mind you, this does not in-
clude the regular troops at all, or their services,
nor their supplies—in this one single year, to sup-
ply a little army that could be furnished by a Ter-
ritory then in its infancy, $3,000,000 were re-
quired.
Mr. DAVIS. There were two Territories.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Yes; one Territory that
had been made into two. Its being two Territories
does not vary the matter very much, I suppose.
I shall not oppose this bill at all, because 1 trust
that, in the settlement of these accounts just re-
ferred to, by the accounting officers of the Treas-
ury, due attention and scrutiny will be paid to all
these matters.
I do not know of any other rule for our adop-
tion but the one I have stated. We must pay
them; and, as I say, I want to see the last cent paid
that is due, and my only purpose in rising now,
was to express my great surprise and astonish-
ment at the enormous amount for transportation
and supplies. My old friend from Oregon recol-
lects the times when Indian wars were not so much
dreaded. An Indian war was considered in old
times as a thing that brought expense as well as
bloodshed on the settlers. An Indian warwould
have been hailed with the greatest pleasure when
the pecuniary abilities of men overcame every-
thing like the fears they had of the Indians. Why
it is that our people, as soon as they get to the
Rocky Mountains, the same men as their breth-
ren on this side of the mountains, cannot have a
little Indian war now and then without having to
run this Government to the expense of three mil-
lion dollars for transportation only, is to me a
matter of astonishment. War is a costly luxury,
indeed, and a very costly one. These little Indian
wars, as they became more rare, as the Indians
become fewer and less warlike than they were of
old, like other rarities, begin to rise in price, and
become immeasurable now in the cost of even the
shortest indulgence in them.
Sir, I venture to say, at a hazard, that the trans-
portation of the army that was marched to the
river Thames, in Canada, did not amount to
$20,000. The War Department will tell you so.
We carried ourselves along. Many a man, for
days and days, carried his provision in his pocket.
Old Shelby certainly would not allow a wheel
carriage to carry the medicine chest. He thought
we got along very well without them; and he even
intimated to me, in conversation on this subject,
that the doctors brought the diseases with them,
[laughter;] for he had marched troops across the
Alleghany mountains, for hundreds of miles, to
the mouth of the Kanawha, where the great battle
was fought with the Indians, and back, and he
had not a doctor, and there was not a man sick.
[Laughter.] I think the old gentleman was pretty
well convinced on that subject.
But, sir, I do not go back to those old heroic
times. I suppose those men were pretty much
like the men of this day, except in one thing, and
that is, in their expenses. I think you may search
the whole record of the Indian warfare in the
West, and you will find no account for transpor-
tation, or anything of that kind, in the campaigns,
except by the United States. Under these cir-
cumstances, I hope I may be excused for a little
wonder that my inexperience has in witnessing
accounts of this sort. I am willing to pay the
debt, to pay for the fighting. That is a clear ac-
count, easily settled. I am willing to pay for that,
and for the feeding; but at this rate I should sup-
pose they might all have been maintained like
princes, and they might have gone in carriages
for the sum of $3,000,000. [Laughter.] I hope
that the accounting officers, who are made re-
sponsible for the accuracy with which these ac-
counts will be settled, will do their duty.
Mr. DAVIS. There can be no greater error,
Mr. President, than that into which we fall by at-
tempt at parallelism where" in fact none exists. I
think my friend from Kentucky falls into this error
in the present instance. He attempts to draw a
parallel between the little skirmishes that attended
the settlement of the fertile country of which he
is a distinguished citizen, and this war, which was
carried on at a remote point, as well from popula-
tion as supplies.
Again, ne attempts to draw a parallel between
the march of an army over a route where the
country furnishes their supplies, and the march
of one across a country which was an absolute
desert. If he would only, with the discrimination
he usually brings to bear upon such questions,
look at the very great difference between the two
cases, he would not attempt to argue from the one
to the other.
I will not follow his remarks about the doctor
and Governor Shelby, though I might say that
the statement which he has made is conclusive
that there must have been very little to do in those
campaigns; for, wherever there is fighting, men
must be hurt. Where blood is shed and bones
arc broken, there must be medical men and stores
to attend to them. If men cross peaceably over
mountains, hardy men in constant exercise in the
open air, they will seldom get sick; but if they
have to face an enemy, there must be medical
stores to provide for the wounded.
But the case in point is one of a country in
which there are wide districts not susceptible of
settlement, and small belts of country highly fer-
tile, inducing settlement. This war broke out on
the upper branches of the Columbia river. A few
persons had gone there for settlement, utterly un-
able to protect themselves; and to reach them
with a supporting force it was necessary to come
from the coast, to bring thence all the supplies
for the rations of the men.. The transportation,
therefore, must increase materially. The price
of a barrel of flour on the upper branch of the
Columbia river is not to be measured by the price
it bears at the mill. I once knew a man on the
plains to go to another man, who still had a little
remnant of flour on hand, and ask him to lend
him some, to be replaced when he got back to the
garrison. The thing was treated as a broad joke.
That is tlie sort of error into which my friend
runs, in attempting to measure what is necessary
to support these men on the upper branches of the
Columbia by what may have supported them in
a plentiful market. It was not to be bought there.
It therefore had to be transported. It was to be
transported over a rugged country, without roads,
and over a country where horses did not tread
upon the forage which would sustain them. Trans-
portation, therefore, was necessarily expensive.
But the conclusion which my friend roaches was
the reverse of that in my own mind. He says
you may pay these men—he agrees to that—but
then objects to this fearful amount of supplies.
The supplies were on contract. Men who had
property, and were willing to carry it to certain
points to feed the troops, agreed to do so for a
stipulated sum. That you are bound to pay.
Unless you can show fraud in the contract, you
are bound to pay it. You may appeal to the pat-
riotism of the troops to abandon their claim for
pay. To deny the rights of the men who sold
this property to the Government to feed these
troops in the campaign, would be such an out-
rage on every principle of justice that I can hardly
imagine the Senator from Kentucky would agree
to it.
Then again, Mr. President, these campaigns to
which my friend refers, and which are to him, as
to myself, familiar as tradition, were against small
bodies of Indians, who came in and committed a
murder on some settler, and his neighbors rallied,
and with their arms, went out to pursue the little
band, and catch it if they could. They wanted
no commissariat. Every man carried with him a
little bread and meat, put it in his saddle-bags,
mounted his horse, and pursued the marauding
Indians. But hero was a large organization over
an extent of country of seven degrees of latitude.
My friend from Oregon estimates them at ten
thousand warriors, all under one chief, and that
chief, as he has described, one of the ablest men
of his race; and these concentiated for the desti uc-
tion of all the white men upon the coast. Surely,
sir, against such a force as that, with a body of
men able to cope with it in a war prolonged for
nearly a year, you are not to draw your infer-
