1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
505
doning 01* ignoring all other principles, is bound
together by the single bond of hatred to slavery,
and resolute upon the single purpose, its abolition.
X will not so stultify myself, or presume upon
the ignorance of this House, as to advance an
argument to prove that property exists iu slaves.
In sonic form or other, modified by contract or
otherwise, limited or absolute slavery, maintained
by all the rights of property, has existed from
the ages of the patriarchs down to the present
time, and, I might add, in all countries. As it
now exists in the southern States, it has existed
in this country from the time " whereof the mem-
ory of man runneth not to the contrary." It was
introduced hero by our English ancestors; was
recognized as property by the British Govern-
ment, and protected as such under its laws. It
so existed at the time of the adoption of the Fed-
eral Constitution; and instead of the primary ob-
ject and ulterior design of that instrument being
the abolition of slavery, this species of property
was especially favored and protected. Our fore-
fathers seeing, as if by prophetic ken, that in
course of time, a party would arise 111 this coun- I
try, having hostile intentions to that species of
property, constituted it, for its self-protection, ail
element of political power by the three-fifths rep-
resentation, and by denying the right to Congress
to prohibit the importation of slaves prior to the
year 1808; and, sir, it is the only species of prop-
erty for the rendition of which a special provision
was made.
But, we are told that the main design of Black
Republicanism is to prevent the extension of sla-
very into the Territories; and that it is not in-
tended to interfere with the institution in the
States. Yet, some go so far, now, as to assert
that slavery ought to be abolished 111 the States
by direct legislation. Others, more unpretending,
advocate indirect legislation. But, by whaic\er
paths they travel, all are seeking to reach the
same point of destination—universal emancipa-
tion. When this party possesses the means of
aggression, will it stop at State lines? Having
the control of the Government and its patronage,
holding its offices and full of the lust of power,
and knowing that its very existence depended
upon the agitation of this question, wiU it disband
and surrender all these when slavery shall have
been prohibited 111 the Territories ? Is this human
nature? No, sir; slavery in the States would be
the next object of att ack. 'The Constitution would
be amended, so as to confer this power, (which Mr.
Seward says was one of the objects of the amend-
ing power,) or else undermined by the gradual j
process of construction, until it would possess no
more validity than ail act of Congress. _ I
Other parties have existed in this country, with-
out danger to the Union. They had organizations
in every State, and divided upon principles appli-
cable to the rights of every State. They were
checks, not only upon each other, but upon the
Government. But here, sir, wc find a great sec-
tional party; sectional by its geographical position, i
being confined to the free States, and sectional by |
its principles, advocating legislation discriminating 1
in favor of one. section' and against another; and j
whenever it acquires success and predominance 111 ,
the Government, the tune will have arrived when !
the two majorities which form the elements ot
power in this Government will be combined m one
party, and that a sectional party. Then, sir, every
barrier which the Constitution opposes will be
broken down, and the Government will become
as absolute as if it were that of a mere numerical
majority. And yet, the southern people are asked
to submit to the success and predominance of a
party having such principles and such objects in
V1<Some may deny that this will be the result of
Black Republicanism, or that such are its princi-
ples and designs. Whoever, Mr. Clerk, has
studied the course of events, whoeverhas observed
the effect of certain constant teachings, must ad-
mit that these deductions arc logical and rational.
By the inculcation, by all the appliances ot t'dn- !
cation, of the lessons that slavery is a crime; that j
the people of the free States are responsible for its i
existence, and that the Federal Government is the
organ through which it can and must be eradi- |
cated, the rising generation will consist of Crarri- ]
sons, Wendell' Plullipses, and Beechers, who, j
assuming the reins of Government, will push j
aside the old fogies in the Black Republican party !
and carry out their resolute purpose of abolishing
slavery throughout this Republic, even if the
South should become a sccnc of San Domingo
horrors.
With a keen scent for popular fijvor, and seeing
this inevitable tendency of Black Republicanism,
the Senator from New York, Mr. Seward, an-
nounced his irrepressible-conflict doctrine, not
from any conviction of its truth, but in order that
he might take the flood at its rise. _ That Senator,
distinguished as he is, but not in the virtuous
sense of the word, knew full well that no such
conflict ever did exist, between labor and labor;
but let this sentiment and idea take possession of
the northern mind, and when the subject of sla-
very shall be removed, whether by secession or by
its abolition, that sentiment and idea will return
to their proper channels, and become a conflict
between labor and capital, and the starving labor-
ing classes of the North will be standing and
knocking at the doors of their capitalists, demand-
ing blood or bread. Such being its principles,
the ultimate result of the success of this party will
be the abolition of slavery; and that amounts to
nothing more or less than the destruction of prop-
erty at the South, worth at its present valuation
four billion dollars.
I Under these circumstances, we are gravely
1 asked, would the South dissolve this Union be- ]
I cause of the election of a Black Republican to the j
i Presidency? 1 answer, yes, if she be true to her- \
self, true to her interests, true to her honor, and
true to the memory of her ancestors; because his
election would be the success and installation in
power of a party and of principles which would
be destructive of the wealth, happiness, prosper-
ity, and of the very existence of the southern
people. What would be the result of submitting?
The mind shrinks from a contemplation of the
future condition of the South, if tiny mean to
accomplish their avowed purposes and to carry
out their declared measures. Having the popular
branch of Congress, having the executive depart-
ment, by the natural expiration of the term of
office the Senate would soon pass into their hands.
Several of the judges who sit upon the bench of
the Supreme Court are now tottering upon the
verge of the grave, and cannot possibly, in the
course ofhuman events,.survive another Admin-
istration; and the judiciary, by the power of ap-
pointment, would thus pass under their control.
Then, with the control of all the departments of |
this Government, slavery would be prohibited in ,
the Territories, abolished 111 the D'strict of Co- j
lumbia, the inter-State slave trade prohibited, no ]
more slave States admitted into the Union; and i
the. South being surrounded by this wall of fire,
slavery would necessarily consume itself. I11 such
an event, the tobacco fields, the rice, sugar, and
cotton plantations would be turned- into barren
wastes, to grow up with briers and thistles, and the
"■ood!y laud of the South would become a desert.
b "VVe are asked to submit to all this. Ask us as
well to submit to degradation and impoverishment;
for, upon the advent of that party into power,
the tune will have arrived when the South must
select between slavery and the Union.
Some gentlemen representing the Amencan
party say they will not resist the election of a
Black Republican President; because it will be
accomplished in the forms of the Constitution.
" Oh, liberty, what crimes have not been committed
in thy name'.'' It was said of George III, that,
without assuming the arbitrary power or pedantic
pretension of the Stunrts, he sought to carry out
his arbitrary will through the forms of a free con-
stitution. What matters it, whether tyranny and
oppression come within the forms of a constitu-
tion, if they be violative of its spirit, and destructive
of the objects and endsofthe government. Powers
must be exercised with a due regard to right,
equality, and justice; and, when they are not thus
exercised, they cease to be powers and beeomc
usurpations.
In the name and 111 the forms of the Constitution
it may be amended; and Mr. Seward has warned
us will be, when enough free States shall have been
admitted to confer the power to abolish slavery m
the States; and will gentlemen submit to this,
because done in the forms of the Constitution
Then, sir, I defend the policy of secession, ill
the event of the success and triumph of the Black
Republican party, as a preventive leuiedy against
injustice and oppression. As well ask me to stay,
when I see the incendiary, with torch in hand,
advancing upon my dwelling, avowing his pur-
pose to consume it, and wait until he has already
kindled the flames beneath its sills. Aswell ask
the sea captain, when the storm is raging, the bil-
lows swelling high, atld the vessel is drifting upon
breakers, to fold his arms and not make an effort
to escape the ruin. Submit to this wrong! Sub-
mit to this injustice ! Never! But, how will the
South resist?
, Here permit me to express my dissent from the
position announced ill high quarters of late, that
the South will not dissolve this Union*, but will,
by force, if necessary, maintain their rights in the
Union. Educated in the school of strict construc-
tionists, and belonging to the straitest sect Of
State rights, I hold to the great right of secession
as a peaceful remedy. And whenever the South
thinks proper to exercise that reserved power, it
will be her right quietly to withdraw, and establish
a Government for herself, holding the remaining
States as they would the rest of mankind, " friends
in peace, enemies ill war."
Mr. CORWIN. Do I understand the gentle-
man to say that Governor Seward has announced
the opinion that the power to changc the Consti-
tution was put into that instrument for the pur-
pose of abolishing slavery?
Mr. CLOPTON. Such is my understanding of
it, and here is his language:
'• B5- the oidinance of 1787, they [our forefathers,} dedi-
cated nil the national domain not yet polluted by slavery
to flee labor, immediately, thenceforth, and forever, which,
In ttic new Constitution and laws; ttieyinvitedloreignfree
labor from all land* under the tain, and interdicted the im-
portation of African slave labor at all times, in ail places,
and under all circumstances whatsoever. It is true, that
tlley neee^r-aiilv and wisely modified the policy of ficedoin,
by leaving it to the several States, affected, as they were, by
different circumstances to abolish slavery in their own way,
at their own pteasftre, instead of confiding that duty to Coti-
 io*s ; and that they sceuied to the slave States, while yot
ictainimr the system of slavery, athrcc-fillbs representation
| of slaves in the Federal Government, until they should find
tlH'm-,oive-> able to iclmcjuWi it safely. lint Ihe veiy na-
ture of these modifications torufies my position, that the
fathei.1 knew that the two systems could not endure with
the Union, and expected that witlun a short period slavery
would di-appear forever. Moreover,-in order that these
modifications might not altogether defeat their grand design
of a'Republic maintaining universal equality, they fronted
that two thirds of the States might amend the Constitution^
The Constitution, Mr. Clerk, is a compact
between sovereign States. That instrument has
vested the power in all the Departments of the
Government to protect themselves against en-
croachment by coordinate departments; but no-
i where has it created an umpire to settle political
i conflicts and questions arising between the dele-
1 gated and the reserved powers. Hence, whenever
i an encroachment is made upon the rights of a sov-
ereign State, or the people thereof, they, in their
sovereign capacity, have the right to annul this
compact and'resume the powers they delegated to
the General Government. Virginia, in the very
ordinance by which she ratified and adopted the
Constitution, asserted hur right to resume those
powers whenever they were perverted to her in-
jury and oppression. Virginia was accepted into
the Union with that declaration upon her part, and
that, thereby, became the construction which was
placed upon the Constitution by all the States, for
they all stand upon an equal footing. These views
and this advocacy of the policy of dissolving the
Union, under the ciicumstances to which I have
referred, may be considered by some radical. In
my opinion, they arc conservative, for the very
quintessence of conservatism is resistance towrong
and oppression. The efficiency of this rcscivcd.
power of a State depends, ma great measure, upon
the certainty of its exercise, upon any infringe-
ment.
And now, Mr. Clerk, gentlemen threaten us
with civil war. Threats of war cannotintimidoto
thc South; and when they talk of eighteen million
with all the appliances of art and skill, coping
with eight million without those appliances, 1
must remind gentlemen that I have hoard or read,
received it by history or tradition, thatthreemil-
lions of people upon this continent once resisted
the power of the British Government; and, after a
seven years' struggle, achieved their liberty and
independence. Sir,the sons ofsome of those men
still inhabit the soil of the South. In a/1 matteis
of expediency it is prudent to consult results; but
v, hen rights and principles arc involved, it is only
the dastard spirit which hesitates at consequences.
! The South would not desire war. Her policy
