1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
ator's motion, and hope lie will withdraw it until
this matter shall be disposed of. I hope the same
courtesy will be extended to me that has been
extended to every Senator in this body.
Mr. BIGLER. Certainly it would be no vio-
lation of courtesy to make a motion to postpone.
Mr. GREEN. But I wish you to withdraw it
simply for the purpose of allowing the reference
of my joint"resolutions.
Mr. BIGLER. If I were satisfied that the mut-
ter would be disposed of without discussion, I
would withdraw my motion, of course.
Mr. GREEN. It will be disposed of by a ref-
erence.
Mr. BIGLER. I withdraw my motion for the
present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Missouri, to
refer the joint resolutions (S. No. 22) concerning
the First Comptroller of the Treasury, William
Mcdill, to a select committee of five. <
Mr. SAULSBURY. I move to refer them to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
I have every disposition to extend courtesy to the
Senator from Missouri; but having read some-
thing in connection with this case, and as the res-
olutions are a reflection on a meritorious officer,
who has only, in the discharge of his duty, done
that which the Attorney General of the United
States has said that he ought to do, I do not like
even to vote for a reference of the resolutions, as
the very reference implies a censure; but still, I
make the motion to refer them to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. YULEE. 1 hope the Senator will substi-
tute, for that committee, the Committee on the
Judiciary. If the matter goes to any standing
committee, it appropriately belongs to the Judi-
ciary Committee; because the subject of the res-
olution is the construction of a law, with which
the Post Office Committee has nothing to do.
Mr. SAULSBURY. The whole question arises
out of a contract made by the Postmaster General
with certain men to carry the mails. The claim
which these men set up against the Government
arose from what they allege to be an abrogation
of that contract.
Mr. GREEN. Do not debate the merits of it.
This is not the time for that.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I only mention that fact
to show that, if there be any standing committee
of this body to whom the reference should be
made, the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads is the appropriate committee.
Mr. GREEN. The subject ought not to go to
the Post Office Committee, bccause it is not busi-
ness that belijngs to them. It is with reference
to the execution of a law. It ought not to go to
the Judiciary Committee, because that commit-
tee—I am one of the members of it—always and
uniformly refuse to decide abstract questions.
Where legislation is required, they will do it.
Legislation relating to judicial questions, to judi-
cial action, they will act upon; but these mere ab-
stract questions they do not desire to touch, and
will not, but will report that these questions do
not belong to them; and it was with deference to
the Post Office Committee and the Committee on
the Judiciary, that I moved for a select committee.
It is a question that involves nobody until the re-
port is made and a judgment is pronounced by
the Senate. This mere reference amounts to
nothing. In every case in this body since I have
been a member, when a joint resolution or bill has
been introduced for the purpose of reference, I
have never heard a question raised by any Sen-
ator, nor a single objection, except in this one in-
stance; and why it is, I do not comprehend. Let
tlic truth come out; let the facts be developed; let
the country see what is involved in this question,
and then the Senate can decide and the public can
judge.
But here, when I ask to introduce a resolution,
unanimous consent being given, and it is intro-
duced, read the first and second time, and then
stopped when a motion of reference is made, a
controversy springs up such as I have never seen
before, and the merits of the thing proposed to
be referred arc to be inquired into before the
facts are developed. I object to it. I think it is
very unkind treatment. I think that it does no
harm to anybody to let the facts come out. Let
the truth be developed; let the country judge, and
let the Senate understand. I know that the Ju-
diciary Committee will not investigate this sub-
ject. I know that they will say it does not be-
long to them. I know it by similar cases that
have been referred to them before. I know that
it does not belong to the Post Office Committee.
It is a question not pertaining to the postal ser-
vice; it is an independent question. Now, such
being the case, ought it not to goto a select com-
mittee, and ought I to be refused the poor priv-
ilege of having an investigation, simply because it
is an officer of the Government whose conduct is
to be investigated ?
Mr. SAULSBURY. I wish to say to the Sena-
tor from Missouri, that my objection arises from
no want of courtesy to him, but itarisesfrom this
fact; I have read the correspondence on this sub-
ject. I believe the resolutions themselves, the very
presentation of them here, is calculated to injure
this gentleman, who, in my judgment, has faith-
fully discharged his duty. But the proposition of
the Senator from Missouri is a novel one. What
is it? Certain persons have a private claim, as
they allege, against this Government for a breach
of their contract. It is referred to this officer to
ascertain whether they have sustained a damage,
and to assess that damage. He reports adversely
to their claim; he makes that report under the
written opinion of the Attorney General of the
United States, who was called upon by the Post-
master General to give his opinion. Ho has made
his report conformable to the opinion of the high-
est law officer of this country; and, bccause he has
done this, in the exercise of his duty, he is ar-
raigned before the Senate of the United States, by
resolutions reflecting upon his official character,
and expressing, as I understand, the opinion that
he ought to be removed from office. Private claim-
ants against this Government,because the officer,
acting under the opinion of the Attorney General of
the United States, reports adversely to their claim,
come here and ask the Senate of the United States
to entertain propositions reflecting upon the integ-
rity of such officer. If it had not been for the very
great respect which I have for the Senator from
Missouri, I should have moved an indefinite post-
ponement of the resolutions, or that they be post-
poned until the 5th of March next. I refrained
from doing that, because I wish to do no discour-
tesy to him; but I do say, that as this claim does
arise out of an alleged breach of contract for car-
rying the mail, the Post Office Committee is the
proper committee to which the reference should
be made.
Mr. GREEN. The Senator does not state the
case correctly. Originally it was just in the po-
sition which he now states. Originally it was a
claim growing out of what they alleged to be a
breach of contract; but Congress passed a law,
stating that the contract having been made and
abrogated, the First Comptroller of the Treasury
should assess the damage. Therefore, the making
of the contract and its abrogation arc facts affirmed
by Congress. Whether any damage has accrued
or not, I do not know. I do not know whether
it is one dollar, or one hundred, or one hundred
thousand dollars. That is a question I have noth-
ing at all to do with; but the Comptroller says
there was no contract, no abrogation; and as the
Senator from Delaware chooses to bring up these
questions improperly—for this is not the time for
them—I must repel what he states.
Mr. PUGH. Will the Senator allow me to j
make a remark ? ,|
I] Mr. GREEN. Yes. j
■ i Mr. PUGH. These resolutions were offered \
yesterday. The day before yesterday Colonel
i| Medill returned to Ohio with some of his rela-
| tives, very ill. I have had no opportunity to sec
;: him. He is a gentleman of high character, never
;; impeached before in any public station he has
i| held. I suggest to the Senator that he allow the
!i resoiutions°to lie over, that I may make some in-
j quiries. I assure him that Governor Medill will
i| meet any investigation anywhere, or before any
1; committee, and that I have no doubt that, while
he may have erred in judgment—I do not know
! whether he did or not—there will not be found to
be a stain on his character. I can give that as-
surance with perfect confidence from my long ac-
quaintance with him. I do not know anything
about this claim; but certainly in this case I feel
bound, as he is one of my constituents, to ask
that resolutions calling his conduct in question lie
over until I can obtain Some explanation. I can-
not obtain it from him, because he is sick and lihs
gone off.
Mr. GREEN. I can reply io the Senator from
Ohio 
Mr. PUGH. I will call it up if you fix a day
for it.
Mr. GREEN. Mr. Medill was not gone wlien
these resolutions were offered.
Mr. PUGH. They were offered yesterday.
Mr. GREEN. He did not go until after they
were offered. I know what I say, and no man
can contradict it.
Mr. PUGH. I only state what I was told yes-
terday in the Senate Chamber. I came here after
the resolutions were offered. He. has been ill, at
all events.
Mr. GREEN. Now sit still, and I will tell you
the balance. Before he left, a copy ®f these res-
olutions was sent to him, and he read it. I know
what I say, and no man can contradict that. No
person is taken by surprise. This has been a
straight-forward, fair-dealing process from the
beginning up to the present period of time. When
these resolutions were prepared—and I put them
into the shape which I thought lea^f objectiona-
ble—a copy was sent and delivered to him. It
was delivered to him before he left. They were
introduced in the Senate before he left; and he left
yesterday evening, as I" am informed; it was
shown to him before he left, and he knew all
about it.
Now, I will not prejudge the case. Although the
Senator from Delaware says the Attorney Gen-
eral bolstered him up, I say that the opinion of
two Attorneys General is directly to the contrary.
It is a question of law, and a question affecting
the dignity and power of Congress. When the
Senate and House of Representatives, the Exec-
utive approving, declare a fact, and assert a cer-
tain rule for the purpose of adjudicating a case,
I deny the right of any officer to set at defiance
Congress and the Executive, and all. I want the
law executed. As to the amount of damage, I
have not one word to say. It may be no damage.
It is to vindicate a principle that I am acting. I
do not know cither one of these parties, and never
j saw one of them, and never expect to see one of
; them; but I maintain that when Congress passes
j a law, and it is approved by the Executive, no
1 one officer of this Government has a right todis-
! regard it and set it aside, unless it be in violation
of the Constitution. As I said before, I will not
prejudge the case; and I only say this much in
answer to what the Senator from Delaware has
said. He went improperly, as I think, into the
merits of the case, referring to certain matters
involved in the case. All I ask is, that the subject
be referred; that it be investigated. I know it is
a case worthy of investigation; and, having asked
an investigation, is it possible that the Senate will
deny the investigation ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Missouri will pause. It is the duty of the Chair
to call up the special order at this hour.
Mr. BAYARD. I ask leave of the Senate to
make a very short statement in relation to this
matter. It "will take me not more than ten min-
utes, certainly, and I think it is due to the case
that I should be enabled to do so. 1 will promise
to close what I have to say in ten minutes.
Mr. GREEN. I make no objection, if the Sen-
ate will then take a vote; otherwise, 1 will object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection.
Mr. FITCH. The understanding which the
Senator from Missouri wishes to have cannot be
had, because I design to offer a substitute for his
resolutions.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Delaware asks unanimous consent to make a few
remarks.
Mr. GREEN. I shall object, unless we have
an understanding.
Mr. GRIMES. I shall object, unless there is a
right to reply.
Mr. BAYARD. I have a right to move to post-
pone the previous business to continue this dis-
1 cussion for ten minutes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The special order
set for to-day is a bill in addition to "An act to
promote the progress of the useful arts;" but the
act to secure homesteads to actual'settlers on the
public domain, being the unfinished business of
yesterday, takes precedence. The Senator from
