2470
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 30,
ences from men who went out on these little ex-
peditions, carrying in their saddle-bags as much as
they would require for a four or five days'jaunt,
and returned by the time it was consumed.
Thecasesarc so utterly different that no measure
can be drawn from one which it is proper to apply
to the other. If the amount is too great, I have
been unable to detect it. It may be that the prices
in that country were too high; but if those prices
were such as the individual owning the property
could get from other persons living m'the country,
the Government had no right to take it at less,
and we have no right to say whether it was too
high or not. The market price at the time and
place is the measure which we must apply to the
property we have taken from the individual and
applied to the public use. If we have taken it by
seizure or contract, it is the same thing.
It may be said that we are not bound by the
contract for the supplies of these volunteer forces
because they were not under our orders. Grant
it. Then it resolves itself simply into the ques-
tion, did we take the property, and was that prop-
erty applied to the public use? We have already
recognized that these volunteers were in service.
It seems to me, whether you take it in one view
or the other, we are bound to pay this price which
was fairly charged for property taken and applied
to the public use.
Mr. HALE. Will the Senator from Missis-
sippi allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. PIALE. I would like to know how the
Senator infers that we have admitted that these
volunteers were brought into the public service?
Mr. DAVIS. I think it was admitted by the
act of Congress which, when their claim was
presented, so far recognized them to be in the
service as to send their claims to the War Depart-
ment to be adjusted; and that when the Depart-
mcntapnointed a commission,and thecommission
reported, and the Secretary sent it to Congress,
Congress ordered a reexamination, with a view to
a further adjustment of the amount which should
be paid to these volunteers. It seems to me Con-
gress has thus recognized these volunteers as in
the service of the United States, and a debt which
the public owed, and which had to be paid, but
the an'ount of which was undetermined. That
is the reason I say that Congress has recognized
them as being in the public service. Two acts
of legislation have so treated them. I will say, in
ail candor to the Senator from New Hampshire,
that when Congress passed its iirst act, requiring
the Secretary of War to adjust and settle the ac-
counts of those volunteers, 1 considered thatthcy
had adopted the service of the volunteers, had
closed the question which existed; for there was
a controversy between an officer of the Army
commanding in that department and the Gov-
ernors of these Territories, as to whether they
were rightfully in service or not. 1 considered
that Congress had closed the question; and if I
had thought proper to exercise the discretion—
to take the hazard of judging of it without a com-
mission—that I had authority, at that time, to
settle and adjust the accounts, and send them to
the Treasury.
Mr. HALE. Under what?
Mr. DAVIS. Under the resolution or act. I
am not sure now what was the form of it.
Mr. LANE. A law.
Mr. DAVIS. My friend from Oregon has
handed it to me. On the 18th of August, 1856,
Congress passed a law which has the following
provision:
"That the Secretary be directed to examine into the
amount of expenses necessarily incurred in the suppression
of Indian hostilities m the late Indian war in Oiegon and
Washington by the territorial governments of said 'JYiri-
tories in the maintenance of the volunteer forces engaged
in satd war, including pay of volunteers ; and that he may,
if in his judgment it be necessary, direct a commission of
three to proceed to ascertain and report to him all the ex-
penses incurred for purposes above specified."
That was the act.
Mr. HALE. Will the Senator oblige me—I
want information—by stating if that is the act
under which he, under any contingency, would
have felt authorized to pay these claimants ?
Air. DAVIS. It says that he " be directed to
examine into the expenses necessarily incurred,"
and so on, and that " ho may, if in his judgment
it may be necessary, direct a commission of three
to proceed and report to him all the expenses in-
curred." Then it merely remained, either with
or without a commission, for the Secretary to es-
timate, send it to the Treasury, and have it in-
cluded in his annual estimate as a debt due by
the Government. However, that is a matter of
no consequence. The facts are that the commis-
sion was appointed; that the Secretary did not
undertake to decide it; that thecommission went
out and reported; that upon the report of the
commission the House has taken its subsequent
action, directing the Auditor to examine the ac-
count; that on that reexamination by the Auditor
there was a report, a copy of which was sent to
the Senate, was before the Committee on Military
Affairs, and upon which they have reported a bill.
J believe I have answered the Senator, if I under-
stood his inquiry.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I did not intend to de-
bate this subject. There is nothing to debate, in
fact. I got up, almost involuntarily, to express
my great surprise at the enormity of this amount.
In order to show that I had some little reason for
it, I referred to other cases, more or less—no such
exact cases, of course—that have come within
my knowledge. I know nothing of the other side
of the Rocky Mountains or of the Indians of the
Rocky Mountains, or how warlike or unwarlike
they are. I know nothing about the additional
cost of supplies of the Army there; but when the
gentleman talks about the difference between the
warlike character of the Indians on the other side
of the Rocky Mountains and the waihke Indians
that lived on the other side of the Ohio, I tlunk
he is greatly mistaken if he gives any superiority
to the Rocky Mountain Indians—a poor race,
without heroism, and without the warlike char-
acter of the Indians of the State of Ohio. Those
were the Indians against whom wars were waged,
to which I referred—the most warlike that ever
existed on this continent, according to all the his-
tory 1 have ever read and all the traditions I have
heard.
It was not to those little skirmishes I alluded,
of pursuing, in numbers of twenty and thirty,
roving bands of depredating Indians. For that
there never was any payment. The Government
of the United States never heard of them. They
were paid for in the blood and at the expense of
the men themselves. Their blood and their money
went to pay what little was paid for such expedi-
tions; and this Government never heard of them,
and never rewarded them. But there were other
campaigns. Was the campaign of Tippecanoe a
little skirmish? Wore the campaigns under Scott,
and Wilkinson,and others known in our history,
skirmishes? Was the battle of the Blue Licks
a little Indian skirmish? California and Oregon
never saw such as these, and I hope never may.
They were fought by volunteers, and the Gov-
ernment, I venture to say, never paid one dollar.
There was nobody there but the settlers of the
country, and of them nearly one half of the pop-
ulation of the men perished on that day and in
that battle. These were the little skirmishes, in
comparison to what they have had in Oregon.
No skirmishes, sir*, but dreadful and bloody bat-
tles, fought almost hand to hand; and the battle
1 have mentioned, I mention with reluctance, be-
cause the white man had to fly before the Indian
on that day, leaving behind him half his numbers.
Those were not skirmishes.
I do not contend that these are cases exactly
parallel. There may be circumstances that dis-
tinguish them; yet that there is thus far a paral-
lelism that both were military expeditions, under
different circumstances, I acknowledge. As to
the supplies, one cost nothing at all, the other
cost $3,000,000. In me it walced up reminiscences,
and 1 rose simply to express them. So anxious
am I that every man who serves his country shall
be paid for it, that, enormous as this seems to me,
I shall vote for it. But I intended simply to con-
fine myself to perhaps a very idle expression of
my astonishment at it, and to declare that an In-
dian warfare, which was once a sort of sport to
our countrymen, is now a costly luxury—very
costly luxury—and I think the indulgence of it
ought to be limited as much as possible; and when
we are to pay for it, we ought to have some little
to do with the making of the wars, and the judg-
ing for ourselves what force is necessary to lesist
them and to repel them.
Mr. DAVIS. My friend from Kentucky will
allow me to ask him whether these campaigns of
Tippecanoe, and of Scott and Wilkinson, were
made without transportation ?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I did not speak of that;
but I take it for granted they were, with very little
transportation. If he will ask me as to the battle
of Tippecanoe, I can come a little nearer to it, for
that comes down more within my time.
Mr. DAVIS. Did they not have transporta-
tion there?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I dare say they had ■
transportation, but nothing like this. The differ-
ence between that and this is what astonishes
me.
Mr. DAVIS. I think, Mr. President, that in
the House bill they allowed a little margin in the
allowance to volunteers over that of regulars, and
it was merely that margin which belongs to their
inability to husband all their resources, as dis-
ciplined troops;and that the transportation, there-
fore, must have conformed very nearly to the al-
lowance of regular troops in like service.
But as to the battle of the Blue Licks, it is ex-
actly as I stated; a case in which people living
in the country, all of it fertile, and all protecting
themselves, turned out against the Indians. I do
not know how many men were engaged there. I
suppose a very small number, compared with
those of the Columbia river.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I do not know what
their number is.
Mr. DAVIS. I suppose there were about fifty
men at the Blue Licks.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. There were four or five
hundred, and divers hundreds of them killed.
Mr. DAVIS. Well, there were a good many
more than I supposed. It is, however, still the
case which I present of men who go so short a
distance from home that they carry each their
supplies with them; and do not require transpor-
tation. There is the difference.
I merely wish to say, before I stop, however,
that this question had been before the War De-
partment; it bad been argued by the Governors of
the two Territories; it had been argued by the gen-
eral commanding the Pacific department. Their
statements conflicted. The general commanding in
that department insisted that there was no use for
volunteers; that the Governors were behaving
badly; and the Governors declared this general
was recreant to his duty; that they had no pro-
tection; and it could only be obtained by calling
out their own citizens to protect their own fron-
tier. In that state of the case, Congress took up
the question. They acted upon it in the manner
which I have said; and now I think they should
close it.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I make no objection of
the sort. I am willing that it should be paid.
Mr. LANE. I do not wish to discuss the
merits of the question. I only desire to be al-
lowed to say a few words on the character of the
Indians of Oregon and Washington, in reply to
the Senator from Kentucky. I can say to that
distinguished Senator, that I had very much the
same notion of Indians and of Indian fighting that
he has when I went to that country; and, so far
as I was concerned, I conducted expeditions upon
the plan Kentuckians used to do. I was raised
in that State, and I know the character of the peo-
ple. They are always first in war, ready to lush
into it whenever there is an occasion for it. My
father was in the expedition to Tippecanoe. He
was there with the volunteers, and took his chances
with others in that war. I would have been very
glad if all the Indian wars m Oregon could have
been conducted on the principle on which the
Kentuckians used to conduct their wars; but that
was impossible—ours was a protracted war. In
Kentucky they went with their own supplies and
defended themselves,without cost,without charge,
and without price; and they did it successfully,
after much suffering and much bloodshed. Itwas,
indeed, a bloody land.
But, sir, the Indians of Oregon and Washing-
ton are not inferior even to the Indians whom our
fathers fought in Kentucky and the West. They
are able in war. They are as brave as any peo-
ple on the face of the earth. I have never met
men of more courage than the warriors of that
country. They are rich in property. Many of
the Indians engaged in this war owned a thou-
sand horses apiece, and many cattle. They are
men of character; men of much knowledge, and
of great treachery. They are bold in war. i oa
