84
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 20,
36tii Cong..'..1st Sess. That Black Bepublican Bible—The Helper Booh—Mr. Ilindman.
Ho. of Reps.
you in Arizona, in Central America, and even in Cuba.
The invasion will be not merely harmless, but beneficent,
if you will yield seasonably to its just demands.
" It proved so in New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania,
and other slave States, which have already yielded in that
way to its advances. You may, indeed, get a start, under
or near the tropics, and seem pate for a time—but it will be
only for a short time. Even there you will found States
only for free labor to maintain and occupy. The Interest
of the white race demands the ultimate emancipation of all
men. Whether that emancipation shall be allowed to take
effect with needful and Svise precautions against sudden
change and disaster, or be hurried on by violence, is all
ii!at remains for you to decide." £
Now, sir, if any proof could be brought forward
that would afford a clearer conception of the aiyniis
and purposes of the Black Republican party than
the extract which has just been read, it will be
found in the " crystallized platform," as my friend
from Ohio [Mr. Cox] would express it, contained
in that Black Republican bible, the Helper book.
Here it is:
" The banner to stand or die by.
" Inscribed on th$ banner wluch we herewith unfurl to
the wffrld, with the full and fixed determination to stand b>
it or die by it, unless one of more virtuous; efficacy <hall be
presented, are the mottoes which, in substance, embody
the principles, as we conceive, that should govern us in
ouv patriotic waifare against the most subtle and uuidious
foe that ever menaced the inalienable rights and liberties
and dearest interests of America:
" 1. Thorough organization and independent political
action on the part of the non-slaveholding whites at the
South.
"2. Ineligibility of pro-slavery slaveholders; never an-
other vote to anyone who advocates the retention and per-
petuation of human slavery.
"3. No cooperation with pro-slavery politicians; no fel-
lowship with them in religion; no alliliauon with them in
society.
"4. No patronage to pro-slavery merchants ; no guest-
ship m slave-waiting hotels; no fees to pro-slavery lawyers;
no employment of pro-slavery physician*; no audience to
pro-slavery parsons.
"5. No more hiring of slaves by non-'la'veholders.
" 6. Abrupt discontinuance of subscriptions u> pro-slavery
newspapers.
" 7. The greatest possible encouragement to free white
labor."
It has been intimated that the brutal and bloody-
character of the Helper book has been exagger-
ated m some degree by gentlemen from the South
in this discussion. In order to remove any such
impression, and show conclusively that we have
been right in our interpretation, I read from the
•Compendium of the Impending Crisis in the
South, by Hinton Rowan Helper, showing why
Helper himself did not cause his book to be pub-
lished in the southern States. It will be seen that
he confesses that the failure to publish it there
was because he knexo it to insurrectionary and
incendiary in its character.
"In the fust place, we will (jive an explanation of the
reason why the present volume was not published m Bal-
timore. A considerable portion ot this work was written
in Baltimore; and the whole of it would have been written
and published there, but tor the following odious clause,
which wo extract from the statutes of Maryland :
it enacted by the Genet al Assembly of Maryland,
That, alter the passage of this act, it shall not be lavviul tbi
any citizen of this tUyte knowingly to make, print, oi en-
guive, or aid in the making, punting, or engraving, within
this State, any pictorial representation, or to write 01 punt,
or to aid m the writing or printing, any pamphlet, news-
paper, handbill, or other pamphlet ot' an inflammatory char-
antej .and having a tendency to excite discontent., or stir up
insurrection among the people of color of this State, or of
cither ol the other States or Teriitorics of the United State?,
or knowingly to carry or send, or to aid m the cavrying oi
sending the same for circulation among the inhabitants of
the other State? or Territories of the United States; and
any person >-o offending shall be guilty of a felony, and shall,
on conviction.be sentenced to confinement m the peniten-
tiary of this State lor a period not les* than ten noi moie
than twenty years, fiom the tune of .sentence pronounced
on bueli person.'Jlct passed December, 1631. See 2
Dorsey,page 1213.
This, then, is the platform of the "Republican
candidate for Speaker. No man holding such
positions, directly or indirectly, or refusing to
disavow them, ls'fit to preside over this House;
and no man who indorses him ought to preside
over it. It is an outrage upon the South to pro-
pose it, and an insult to the conservative sentiment
of the whole country to insist upon it. If these
vaunted Union meetings of latter days in the
northern States are not all empty, hollow, and
delusive—if they indicate the existence of anv
genuine Union-loving sentiment there—why is it j
that the tens of thousands of voters taking part j
in them are not now thundering against this Black
Republican phalanx, which is trampling the spirit
of Unionism under foot by striving to force such ,
a man upon us as our presiding officer' Why I
do they not proclaim their indignation against
Sewaraism, Helperism, Shermanism, Republic-
anism, and instruct out of their seats the members
who adhere to either of them? That would be
some practical evidence of a returning sense of
justice and renewed devotion to the Union. Until
such evidence shall be gi^fn, southern men must
not only be pardoned in doubting the sincerity of
these Union demonstrations, but the facts will
demand that they shall hold'themin contempt, as
hypocritical and treacherous.
The responsibility for the failure to organize,
with all the consequences of injury to the Gov-
ernment and disaster to private citizens, rests
chiefly on the Republican party. Had it not been
a sectional,aggressive, anaunconstitutionalparty;
had not its candidate for Speaker been an indorser
of treason and incendiarism, and a preacher of
servile war and murder, no such delay could have
taken pla<?e. The House would long ago have
been organized, the postal appropriations made,
the mail contractors paid, and the mail service of
the country restored to efficiency. The loss of
these benefits, and of the countless advantages
that would flow from them, is part of the price the
American people are now paying for the existence
of this Republican party. That consideration
ought to nerve them at once to strikeitdown,lest,
after awhile, the further cost of its continuing to
live shall be the destruction of the Union itself.
The chief bulwark here, as elsewhere, against
this sectional northern organization, which aspires
to control tins House, has been the Democratic
party. In its ranks are men from the North, from
the South, from the West, and from the far-off Pu-
cific slope. Some of them differ with others as to
buried issues, and as to questions not germane to
this contest; but all of them are united together in
one glorious brotherhood of resistance to the dis-
turbers of the peace of this Confederacy. Among
these men of the Democratic party, those coming
from the non-slaveholding States are especially
deserving of applause. Southerners upon this
floor, and our constituents at home, should and
will give them no stinted, half-way commenda-
tion. They will be recognized as the Old Guard
of theUnionm their section,standing firm against
anti-southern prejudices and pas^ons, and imper-
iling political life rather than surrender the com-
pacts of the Constitution. If the whole southern
people were now assembled hero, eye-witnesses,
as wc are, to the patriotism of these northern Dem-
ocrats, every heart would pay them homage; every
voice would praise them. Southern Democrats,
southern Whigs, and southern Oppositionists, dis-
daining partisan detraction and jealousies, would,
with one common impulse, declare them worthy
of the thanks of the Republic.
These northern Democrats, having such strong
claims upon our gratitude and respect, have al-
ready, in this contest, made all the sacrifices we
can properly ask at then* hands. They have given
every proof of fraternity. It is not right, it is
neither just nor generous, to exact of them such
concessions as might embarrass them at home,
and cripple, if not destroy them here. Many of
them cannot vote for any other than a Democrat
for Speaker, without running such risks. To
vote for a southern Oppositionist would—in the
language of the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
Pugi-i,] used by him in another connection, but
equally applicable in% this—destroy the integrity
of their position, and mar the symmetry of their
record. Elected on pledges of unswerving op-
position to Know Nothingism; representing, as
many of them do, large numbers of foreign-born
citizens, who have shown their capacity of self-
government, their love of the Union, and their
friendship to the South, by voting for such men;
they would subject themselves to the charge of
breach of faith, and put in Republican hands a
club for their own destruction, if they were to
vote for any member who belonged to, or coop-
erated with, the Know Nothing party. It is not
right, it is unjust and wrong, in my judgment, for
any southern man to ask them so to embarrass
themselves. That consideration destroys all
chance for electing a southern Oppositionist to
the Speakership; for it is well known that it re-
quires every anti-Republican vote, including all
the northern Democrats, to accomplish the defeat
of Mr. Sherman. i
There^ being, then, an insuperable obstacle tr
the election of a southern Oppositionist—it being,
in fact, a thing impossible, under existing cir-
cumstances—gentlemen of the southern Opposi-
tion are bound to observe that they can accom-
plish no good, and can reach no beneficial result,
by holding their votes upon one of their own
number, and keeping aloof from the Democracy.
Ry that policy of strange isolation, they, in the
first place, risk demoralizing the anti-Republican
forces; and, in the second place, they take upon
themselves, next after the Republican party, the
responsibility for the continued delay in organ-
izing. I say this not in a spirit of controversy,
for I wish to avoid that now; but I say it in view
of recent developments made upon this floor, with
which every member is familiar, and which form
a part of our record proceedings.
The two gentlemen constituting what is called
the anti-Lecompton party, hold the balance of
power between the anti-Republicans and the Re-
publican party. They both have said, publicly,
and in the most explicit manner, that at the mo-
ment when the entire Democratic and southern
Opposition vote shall be united on a single candi-
date for Speaker, they will give the casting vote,
and end the contest. I have every confidence that
their manner of voting will be such as to vindi-
cate their title to nationality and conservatism,
and show forth, as a reality, and not an empty
pretense, that love for the Union of our fathers
which they have so often and so eloquently claimed
for themselves. I believe they will vote against
the Seward-Helper candidate, and therefore I am
willing to trust them.
It is evident that if the Republican candidate
can be defeated, it must be by a Democrat; for on
no one else can the entire anti-Republican vote be
united. That being so, it seems to me to be the
duty of the Democracy here at once to reorganize
their scattered forces, to meet in caucus, and to
nominate a candidate of their own number; to
place m his hands the standard of the Constitution
and the Union, and to rally under that leader and
flag, giving hereafter, under all circumstances that
may arise, but one united, unchanging vote, to the
end of the contest, whether that end shall be to-
morrow, or on the 4th of March, 1661. This was
the policy I advocated at the beginning; and I am
more and more convinced, by every day's history,
that it was right and expedient.
We have experimented, or, if the word be ap-
plicable, wc have " fUHbustercd" long enough,
without a leader and without a flag. No good re-
sult, that I am aware of, has flowed from it. Evil
has resulted from it. It has broken up our or-
ganization. It has lowered our colors. It has
caused the abandonment of our leader. It has
dispersed our strength. It is true, we have not
surrendered, but our condition, so scattered and
broken, has more than once emboldened the enemy
to taunt us with our weakness, and to demand
that we should pass under the yoke, as prisoners
of war. The si^lit of our disbandment, if not
saddening to our Democratic constituentsat home,
certainly cannot have elated them. Let us, then,
remove the pitiable spectacle of the representa-
tives of a great national party voluntarily reduc-
ing themselves to the condition of a mere faction.
Let us meet in caucus, and there nominate a can-
didate for whom all of us will be proud to vote,
whom gentlcrpen of the southern Opposition and
anti-Lecompton parties can unite cordially with
us in elevaf/ng to the Speaker's chair, and who,
while in mat high position, will administer the
duties of /he office on a national and conservative
basis.
Friday, January 20, 1860.
Where * * v * occur, theio were interruptions as
to point-* of order, &c., which have no bearing upon the
discussion.
Mr. SHERMAN. The gentleman from Mis-
souri, for the first time, I believe, has announced
that it was his purpose, in introducing this reso-
lution, to give gentlemen an opportunity to ex-
plain their relations to the Helper book. I ask
turn now, whether he is willing to withdraw the
resolution, for the purpose he has indicated, tem-
porarily, or for any time?
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I will endeavor to
answer the gentleman. I avowed my purpose
