I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONQBESSIONAL GLOBE.
8$
36th Cong.... 1st Sess. That Black Republican Bible—The-Helper Boole—Mr. Hindman-.
Ho. of Reps.
frankly, at the time I introduced the resolution,
in the remarks with which I accompanied its in-
troduction.
The gentleman from Ohio propounds the ques-
tion more directly, whether I am willing to with-
draw the resolution for the purpose which I avow?
Sir, at the very instant it was offered I gave the
gentleman that oj^ortunity, and 1 have given it
to him since. I say to that gentleman that he has
had two opportunities to make that explanation;
but he has failed to relieve himself from the re-
sponsibility he took when lie signed that book and
recommended its circulation.
Mr. SHERMAN- J will say that that oppor-
tunity has never been rendered to me. When the
gentleman introduced his resolution, offensive in
its character, at an improper time, in an improper
manner, he cut off—what he says now he desires
to give—an opportunity for explanation. It is
true that, three days afterwards, when the gentle-
man from Virginia [Mr. Millson] appealed to me,
I stated to him frankly how my name became
connected with that paper. I did not sign the
paper; but it seems that Hon. E. B. Morgan, a
member of the last Congress, and a friend of mine,
came to me when I was in my place, and asked
me to sign a recommendation for the circulation
of a political pamphlet, to be compiled by a com-
mittee, of which Mr. Blair, a slaveholder of Mis-
souri, was one, from a large book by Helper, a
North Carolinian. I said to him that I had not
time to examine the book; but if there wds nothing
offensive in it, he might use my name. There-
upon, this gentleman attached my name to tha,t
paper. This information I did not have at the
time the gentleman from Virginia addressed me;
but 1 said to him I had no recollection of having
signed the paper, but presumed I had, from my
name appearing in the printed list. 1 subsequently
acquiied it from Mr. Morgan, whose letter was
published. That, I believe, was sufficient, under
the circumstances. I know there are members on
that side of the House who have considered it as
satisfactory, and my friends so regard it. At the
time, I stated that 1 had not read the book, that L
did not know what was in it
The gentleman alludes to another time. The
other day, when this subject was again brought
before the House by him, in language which,
although he claims to be courteous, I could not
regard as such—when I was, by implication, but
with a disclaimer of personal offense, charged with
disseminating treason, with lighting the torch m
the dwelling of my southern brethren, and with
crimes of which, if I was guilty, I should not be
entitled to a scat upon this floor — I then rose in
my place, and told the gentleman from Missouri
that if he would withdraw that resolution, I would
answer this book page by page, or those extracts
one by one, and tell him whether I approved them
or not. The gentleman refused to withdraw the
resolution. Long ago he was notified by me, and
my friend from Pennsylvania [Mr. Morris] an-
riounct'd on the floor, that his resolution was re-
garded by me as a menace, and,-if withdrawn,
would lead to a frank avowal or disavowal. I
say now, Mr. Clerk, that I do not believe it is
the desire of the honorable gentleman to give me
that opportunity. If he does desire it, I am will-
ing to do now what I said 1 would have done then.
And 1 say, with equal emphasis, that never, so
help me God, whether or not the Speaker's chair
is to be occupied by me, will I do so while that
resolution is before this body undisposed of. I
regard it as offensive in its tone, unprecedented,
unparliamentary, and an invasion of the rights of
representation. Under the menace clearly con-
tained in it, I never will explain a smgtc word
contained in those extracts. [Applause from the
Republican benches and the gallery.] If the gen-
tleman will withdraw his resolution, even for a
moment, to relieve me from the menace—lie may
reinstate it afterward if he choose—I will then
say what I have to say in regard to those ex-
tracts. But while it stands before the House, in-
tended as a stigma upon me, and sustained by an
argument without precedent in parliamentary his-
tory, he cannot expect me to say more than I have
done. I believe not only my friends, but the gen-
tlemen on the other side of the House, who have
a sense of honor, believe that my position is cor-
rect. I know that some of them regard my state-
ment made on the third day of the session as full
and satisfactory, and all that, under the circum-
stances, it was proper for me to mdi«p.te.
For gentlemen now to press this matter; to agi-
tate the country; to spread these extracts all over
the South, and to charge the sentiments of this
book upon me and upfcn my associates here; to
proclaim, day after day, that the Republicans en-
tertain these sentiments and indorse them, is not
that ingenuous, candid, and manly course which
a great party like the Democratic party ought to
pursue. While wc may conduct our political
quarrels with heat, and discuss matters with zeal
and determination, it ought to he done with fair-
ness and frankness. The mode in which this
resolution has keen pressed before the country,
and I, with my hands tied and my lips sealed as
a candidate, have been arraigned, day by day, is
without precedent, not only in history, but m
party caucuses, in State Legislatures, 111 State
conventions, or anywhere else.
Mr. Clerk. I said, when I rose the other day,
that my public opinions were on record. I say
so now. Gentlemen upon the other side have
said that they have examined that record to as-
certain what my political opinions were. They
will look in vain for anything tending to excite
insurrection, to disturb the peace, to invade the
rights of the States, to alienate the North and
South from each other, or to loosen the ties of
fraternal fellowship by which our people have
been, and should be, bound together I am for
the Union and the Constitution, with all the com-
promises under which it was formed, and all the
obligations which it imposes. This has always
been my position; and these opinions hove been
avowed by me on this floor, and stand now upon
your records. Who has brought anything from
that record against me that is worthy of answer?
It is true that the other day one gentleman did
say I objected to the introduction of a bill. So I
did; but, when the gentleman who introduced the
bill made what I conceivcd to be a satisfactory ex-
planation, I withdrew it. That was all I could
do, and that it was proper for me to do. And, sir,
the. country wilfctake. notice that that is the only
accusation made against me while 1 have been a
candidate for Speaker before this House. If there
be any others, bring them forward.
Mr. HINDMAN. As 1 am the Democrat re-
erred to by the member from Ohio, will he per-
mit me to refresh his recollection as to home oilier
points which I made m regard to his record? I
charged the gentleman with having previously ad-
vocated upon this floor the exclusion of slavery,
by congressional legislation, from certain Terri-
tories. I charged inm with having avowed his
intention to oppose the admission of new slave-
holding States into this Confederacy. \ charged
him with having branded the fugitive slave law,
an act based upon the Constitution of his coun-
try, as a savage and inhuman law. I charged him
with having stigmatized a domestic institution of
the southern States of this Union as an injury to
the master and u crime against the slave. Those
matters are yet to be met, by the gentleman, and
I call his attention to them.
Mr. SHERMAN. In other words, lam charged
with being a Republican, That is my offense;
none other. 1 have never sought to invade the
rights of the southern States. I have never sought
to trample upon the rights of citizens of the south-
ern States. I have my ideas about slaveiy in the
Territories; and at the proper time and in the
proper way I am willing to discuss the question.
I never made but one speech on the subject of
slavery, and that was in reference to what I re-
garded as an improper remark made by President
Pierce, 111 385G. I then spread upon the record
my opinions 011 that subject; and I have found no
man to call them into question. They are the
opinions of the body of the Republicans. They
are the opinions which I now entertain. Gentle-
men are at liberty to discuss these questions as
much as they choose, and I will bear my share of
the responsibility for entertaining these opinions.
But t now speak of my personal record.
Mr. HINDMAN. Will the gentleman allow
me before he proceeds further?
Mr. SHERMAN, The gentleman will excuse
me.
Again: these gentlemen, while publishing in
their speeches all over the country that 1 am, in
effect-, a traitor, &c., by implication, it is true,
disavowing, as I am glad to say each of them
has done, any design to be" personally offensive,
but in a way that answers the same purpose; yet
when called upon to show proofs or specifications,
they fail to do so; and the only act for which I
have been arraigned before the American people,
is that, in a moment when I was sitting here, busy
at my desk, and* one of my friends, and late a
member of this Hou§e, came to me and asked me
to sign a paper recommending the publication of
a political tract; that, when I authorized my name
to be put to that recommendation, by that very
act I became a traitor, and would place the torch
in the hands of the incendiary. I say this is not
fair argument. And I again repeat that, if my
friend from Missouri [Mr.'Clark] desires to know
what my sentiments arc in regard to the extracts
read at the Clerk's table, the only portion of the
Helper book I have seen 01* read, I will give them
if he will remove a menace fiom me. I never did
do anything under menace. I never will. It is
not in my blood, and these gentlemen cannot put
it there. [Applause from the Republican benches
and the galleries.]
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri, sought the floor.
Mr. SHERMAN. The gentleman will excuse
me. I have, so fsCr as I <tm concerned in this con-
test, been quiet and patient. I desire to see an
organization of the House'opposed to the Admin-
istration. I think it is our highest duty to inves-
tigate, to examine and analyze the mode in which
the executive powers of this Government have
been administered for a few year? past. That is
my desire. Yes, sir, I said here, in the first re-
maik 1 made, that I did not believe the slavery
question would come up at all during this session.
1 came here with the expectation that wc would
have a business session, that wc would examine
into the business affairs of this Government, and
that we would analyze the causes of the increased
expenditures of the Government, and the proper
measures of redress and retrenchment. I did not
believe that the slavery question would come up;
and, but for the unfortunate affair of Brown at
Harper's Ferry, I did not believe there would be
any feeling on the subject. Northern members
came here with kindly feelings, no man approving
the foray of John Brown, and every man willing
to say so; every man willing to admit it as an act
of lawless violence. We came here hoping that,
at this time of peace and quiet, we might exam-
ine, inquire into, and pass upon practical measures
of legislation tending to harmonize the conflicting
elements of the Government, and strengthen the
bonds of the Union. The interests of this great
and growing people present practical questions
enough to tax the ability and patriotism of us all.
Such was our duty; but the moment we arrived
here—before, sir, we had even a formal vote—this
question of slavery was raised by the introduction
of the resolution of the gentleman from Missouri.
It has had the effect of exciting the public mind
with an irritating controversy. It has impaired the
public credit, and retarded the public ousiness.
The debate founded upon it has been unjust,
offensive, wrong; not only to the Republicans here;
not only to those with whom I act,but to all our
common constituents, North and South. The
gentlemen who have advocated that resolution
have stirred up bad blood; and all because certain
gentlemen have lecommcnded that a compilation
be made of a book. Even yet wc may retrieve the
loss of valuable time. We could now go to work,
organize this House, and administer the powers
of this House with fairness and impartiality.
In conclusion, let me say, that by no act or
effort have I sought the position I now occupy
before the House. The honor was tendered me
by the generous confidence and partiality of tho.se
with whom it has been my pride to act, politi-
cally. Their conduct in this irritating controversy
has justified my attachment.
If I shall ever reach the Speaker's chair, it will
be with untrammeled hands, and with an honest
purpose to discharge every duty in the spirit which
the oath of office enjoins; and to organize the
House with reference to the rights and interests
of every srction, the peace and prosperity of the
whole Union, and the efficient discharge of all the
business of the Government.* And whenever the
