1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1527
of its provisions to heads of families. The House bill gives
the land not only to heads of family, but to any person
who is twenty-one yearsold, who will make a declaration,
and become a citizen before he receives his patent from the
Government. The Senate bill confines the per&on to lands
that aie subject to private entry. The House bill givesthe
right to the person seeking the benefits of the law to any
lands object to preemption ; and al«.o awards the benefits to
all such as have already preempted land, but have not paid
for it, on complying with the provisions of this law."
It is true that the act of September 4,1841, sec-
tion ten, allows a right of preemption to unmar-
ried men, " over the age of twenty-one years,"
being citizens,as well as to the heads of families;
and also extends that right to all lands which have
been surveyed, and not specially reserved before,
no less than subsequent, to such lands being of-
fered at public sale. But there are two particu-
lars in which the act of 1841 is very mischievous,
and ought not to be imitated. They have been
fruitful sources of fraud and perjury; have opened
the door to most reprehensible monopolies; and
have, at one and the same instant, oppressed the
actual settler, deprived the Government of nearly
all us revenue from the public lands, and involved
it in the utmost extravagance of expenditures.
Unmarried men seldom have any fixed resi-
dence; and their settlements on the public domain,
in a large majority of cases, are only colorable—
intended to secure the lands at a nominal price,
in order to sell them at an advance to mere spec-
ulators This evil isgrcatly increased by the pro-
vision which authorizes them to settle upon lands
not yet offered to public sale; because unmarried
men press forward, almost in company with the
surveyors, and before the heads of families, in or-
der to select the best lands and make such slight
improvements as will entitle them to the privilege
of preemption. The speculators do not care to
attend our public sales and bid against each other.
They find it more advantageous to purchase claims
foi preemption upon lands which have thus been
selected in advance of sales, or evenPof any adver-
tisement. Consequently, while the income of the
Government has steadily declined, actual settle-
ments have imt been promoted; and monopolies of
the public domain, based on frauds and perjuries,
have increased to an alarming degree.
The act of September 4, 1841, is the first which
authorized future preemptions. The former acts
were retrospective, and only confirmed settlements
made before their respective dates and continued
for a number of years. Congress ought to have
foreseen that such an extension of the principle,
throwing aside all safeguards, would immediately
induce the most shameless frauds, as well as the
most corrupt speculations. Accordingly, in less
than two years, by the act of March 3, 1843,
provision was made to investigate some of these
frauds, and an attempt to prevent their recurrence.
(Statutes at Large, vol. 5, p. 619.) That attempt
was but partially successful; and sincc 1 have been
a member of the Committee on Public Lamls, for
now almost five years, no subject has been more
frequently and anxiously considered than the
adoption of some plan to avoid the evil of sham
settlements under the preemption act. I believe
that its operation ought to be limited to heads of
families, or, at least, to lands which have once
been offered at public sale; and, so believing, I
wish to restrain the homestead bill in those two
particulars. Otherwise—and I warn its friends
beforehand—it will become a terrible engine of
mischief and corruption.
In the report of the Secretary of the Interior, of
December'l, 1859, I find this paragraph:
" The advantages and profits arising from the first settle-
ment of a new country ought to be enjoyed by the eaily
settlers. They have peculiar hardships and privations to
undergo, especial dangers and labors to encounter. The
law does not contemplate that they shall have any compe-
tition, except from other actual settlers, in selecting the
most fertile lands and the choicest locations. But as all
other citizens are debarred the privilege of purchasing a
single tract until the lands are regularly m market, there is
reason to believe that the withholding of lands from a pub-
lic offering, and consequently from private entry, has often
proved a temptation to fraud, and an inducement to per-
jury ; and unsciupulous speculators profit by it more than
any other class.
" IIow great this temptation to fraud is, may be inferred
from the fact that, m many instances, lands which have
been entered at $1 25 per acre, have been sold in twelve
months after entry at from ten to one hundred dollars per
acre.-''
The graduation act of August 4, 1854, was an
enlargement of the principles of the preemption
net, and was immediately followed by enormous
and shameless frauds. 1 refer, in confirmation,
to the act of March 3, 1857, Statutes at Large,
volume 11, page 186. The Secretary of the In-
terior said, in his report of December % 1858:
" Tt is believed that the graduation law will continue to
prove a fruitful source offiaud and annoyance, unless some
change is made in its terms. Congress should require proof
of (settlement and cultivation prior to the admission of the
entry, or should release the purchaser from the conditions
now imposed."
And the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, in his report for the same year, said:
" From the passage of the act of August 4,1854, up to the
close of the fi-eal year ending June 3D, 1858,38,081,435.34
acres have been sold at the various graduated rates. Of
these, 10,068,480.25 acres were sold at the lowest price of
twelve and a half cents per acre. And of the whole quan-
tity, about 6,'457,'421 acres, or moie than one third, were
sold in the State of Missouri.
" We have reason to believe that a very considerable
portion, if not the greater portion, of the entries for settle-
ment and cultivation have been made by unscrupulous in-
dividuals in contravention of the law, and bought up by
speculators, who are relying on Congress for the confirm-
ation ot their entries, by the passase of an act similar to
the act of March 3, 1857, dispensing with the proof of set-
tlement and cultivation.
" To fiee the act from the odium of evasion and fraud,
and to confine its wise and beneficent provisions to the ex-
clusive benefit of the actual settlor and cultivator of the
soil, I would lecommend that it be so amended as to require
the settlement and cultivation to be made, and pioof of that
fact produced in every instance before the entry of the land
is consummated, the same as required under the preemption
act of 1841 ; else that the condition of settlement and cul-
tivation be waived altogether.
"The graduation law was never designed to interfere
with the regular sales under tiie general laws, but merely
to lower the price of the lands to actual settlers and culti-
vators; and its operation should be confined, as fai as prac-
ticable, to that class of persons; and, in my opinion, this
can only be done by legislative action, as above suggested."
Another consideration deserves to be noticed.
The head of a family who fixes his residence upon
the public domain must not only struggle for his
own subsistence, but for the subsistence of his
wife and children. These are the attachments
which bind htm to the land, which stimulate his
toil, which induce him to bestow more labor,and
make more useful improvements. Such improve-
ments enhance, proportioriably, the value of all
other lands in the neighborhood to which the Gov-
ernment retains title, and furnish a reason for dis-
criminating between his case and the case of tem-
porary settlement, or trifling improvements, by
an unmarried man.
Again: to allow the selection of homesteads
upon lands which have been surveyed but never
advertised for sale, is, in the first place, to offer
inducements not to purchase or settle upon lands
subject to private entry, and thus depreciate all
those lands, from year to year, under the pro-
visions of the graduation act; and, in the second
place, to compel the continuance of our present ex-
travagant system for surveying the public lands.
It is not because of deficiency in the lands here-
tofore surveyed and liable to purchase, or foca-
tion, or preemption, but merely that speculators
may be enabled to press forward into the prairie
or the wilderness, and, under cover of fraudulent
preemption, appropriate the best portions of our
public domain, that we are called upon, year after
year, to enlarge the expenditures for surveying \
lands and for increasing the number of land offices j
and land officers. 1 am tired of opposing and ex- j
posing such extravagances: butif you will listen [
to nothing else, Senators, listen to this: here is s
the secret of Indian wars, with their enormous I
drafts on the Treasury, and even more enormous j
sums stipulated by the treaties which ensue. We !
expend millions to induce our people to rush into
the Indian country, surveying lands which are
not required for sale or settlement, but only for
speculation—thus diiving the Indians from their
homes to theft or starvation. We then expend ,
millions to pay soldiers and militiamen for killing ;
as many of these Indians as possible, and finally j
expend other millions, by sham treaties, to civilize ]
the survivors, through the kind assistance of In- I
dian traders; furnishing them weaponswith which j
to destroy our people, and whisky with which to |
destroy themselves. |
On the 30th of September, 1859, £s the Secre- j
tary of the Interior imforms us, there were eighty j
million acres subject to private entry, and fifty-six ,
million nine hundred and seventy thousand nine j
hundred and forty-on<? acres in addition then sur- ;
veyed and ready for market. I assume that sixty :
million acres at least will ho liable tooccupation, as i j
homesteads under the Senate bill—a quantity suf- j1
fieient for all the homesteads demanded bona fide, j
in addition to those acquired under thopreSmp-"
tion and graduation acts, during the next twenty-
five years.
As to the proposition of the House, which my
colleague specially commended—that those who
have already made claims for preemption, buthave
neglected to pay for the lands claimed at the-prices
fixed by the preemption and graduation acts, shall
be discharged from all indebtedness, on what rea-
sonable pretext can that be defended ? Why not
also refund the money heretofore paid by pre-
emptors? Why not refund to every purchaser,
small and great, the whole amount of his pur-
chase money? Why not give to the locators of
bounty land warrants the lands which they have
located, and the price of their warrants besides?
Sir, it is an extravagant proposition, and utterly
destitute of merit. We do not propose, by the
Senate bill, to touch or otherwise interfere with
the preemption or the graduation law, but to keep
alwaysin mind the principle of those laws, namely,
that an advantage to the actual settler (within cer-
tain limits) will result in advantage to the Gov-
ernment as a Sanded proprietor. That principle
is one fron^which, as the Congress of the United 4
States, we are not at liberty to depart; inasmuch
as the public lands have been ceded to or pur-
chased by the Federal Government for an especial
purpose—not as property, to be dispensed for be-
nevolent, or religious, or educational objects, but
primarily in aid of the Federal revenue, and, as
immediately connected with that, the encourage-
ment of new colonies,Territories and States within
our present boundaries.
For these reasons, also, the Senate bill confines
the choice of homesteads to the alternate (uneven
numbered) sections—allowing four families to set-
tle together upon adjacent farms, but reserving
the even numbered sections for school purposes,
(as in the case of section sixteen,) or other special
selections, or else to the operation of the preemp-
tion and graduation acts. The effect will be to
bring the even numbered sections into market, and
enable the Government to dispose of them at an
earlier period and at better prices than if no home-
steads had ever been granted. It must be remem-
bered that the graduation act reduces the price
of lands, from time to time, as they remain sub-
ject to sale; so that the Senate bill is, in effect, a
wise measure of revenue, as well as a measure for
the colonization of our public domain.
And now, Mr. President, having explained the
reasons which induced the Committee on Public
Lands to prefer the Senate bill to the House bill,
in four of the particulars specified by my col-
league, I proceed to the general question debated
by others.
It has been our constant practice, ever since
the 3d of September, 1788, when the continental
Congress set apart twelve thousand acres, in Ohio,
to the Society of United Brethren, for propagating
the Gospel among the heathen, to donate a portion
of the public lands, by alternate-sections or other-
wise, with a view to the enhancement of the resi-
due. This induced the act of March 2, 1827,
granting to the State of Indiana the alternate sec-
tion for five sections in width, along the route of
a proposed canal from the Wabash river to Lake
Erie, and the act of May 24, 1828, granting to
the State of Ohio a like quantity of lands along
the route of the Miami extension canal, and five
hundred thousand acres in addition. Such grants
were not considered as gratuities by the Federal
Government to the States I have mentioned, but
as the contributions of a landed proprietor towards
improvements which would enhance the value of
its remaining estate.
And so, by the act of September 20,1850, Con-
gress granted to Illinois, Mississippi, and Ala-
bama, the alternate section for six sections in width,
(being two million five hundred and ninety-five
thousand and fifty-three acres in all,) to aid in the
construction of two railroads from Galena and
Chicago to the mouth of the Ohio river, and one
railroad thence to the city of Mobile. Mr. Clus-
key tells us, in his Political Text-Book, that the
tyrant to Missouri for railroads, under the act of
June 10, 1852, embraced one million eight hun-
dred and eighteen thousand four hundred and
thirty-six acres;and that the similar grant to Ar-
kansas and Missouri, by the act of February 9,
1853, embraced one million four hundred and
fifty-six thousand two hundred and eighty-seven
acres. Since those dates, in'virtue of eight acts
