508
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
believe that he [Mr. Bri&gs] was in favor of such
action by Congress. I therefore could not vote for
him without violating the principles upon which
I was elected; and, as I understand it, against the
views of the American party in my district. A
number of the anti-Lecompton Democrats have
voted, and arc still voting, for Mr. Sherman, who
has always been a Henry Clay Whig; it is true,
he did recommend the Helper book, but he has
disavowed plainly and distinctly, to me, (tfhehas
not done so to the satisfaction of every person upon
this floor,) every sentiment which it contains that
can by any possibility be no construed as toafFcct
the rights or peace and quietness of the people in
any part of the country.
Mr. McRAE. Mr. Clerk 
Mr. CARTER. No, I cannot yield; I am very
much engaged now. [Excessive laughter.]
Mr. McRAE. I want it to be understood that
I do not assent to any of the positions he is stat-
ing. [Cries of " Order I"]
Mr. CARTER. I respectfully decline to yield
the floor to any man, until 1 have said what I
have to say. [Cries of " That is right!" from the
Republicans.] I will not allow any man to take
the floor from mo until I have said what I have
to say. I have seen the difficulty that this side of
the House have labored under. I have felt it to
the quick; and no man shall take the floor from
me when i have it, unless he takes it by force, for
no constitutional right will give it to him. [Cries
of "Good!"]
Mr.McRAE. Mr.Clerk,["Order!" "Order!"
"Order!" from the Republican side,] this is the
first time I have asked for the floor from a gen-
tleman—[Shouts of" Order'" owl confusion.]
The CLERK. The Clerk hogs leave to state
to the gentleman from Mississippi, that the gen-
tleman from New York has two or three times
distinctly refused to yield the floor.
Mr. McRAE. Of course the gentleman has the
right to keep the floor. [Cries of "Order!" "Or-
der!"-] I only want to say that 1 have never asked
for the floor—[Long contmucdshoutsof " Order!"
from the Republican benches, and much confu-
sion.]
Mr. WRIGHT. I call gentlemen on that side
to order, [Cries of" Order!" " Older! "J If they
have questions of order they must rise and make
them, (renewed cries of" Order!"" Order!"] and
not sit m their seats and cry order.
Mr. THEAIvER. 1 call the gentleman from
Tennessee to order. [Great confusion.]
Mr. McRAE. 1 merely say that I never be-
fore asked the floor of any gentleman; and as the
gentleman from New York declines to yield it, of
course, he has a right to do it. I do not want to
be placed in the position of interrupting any gen-
tleman; when he declines to yield, of course I will
not insist.
Mr. CARTER. If Mr. Siiekman has not so
stated to me, let him now rise in his place and
deny it. The gentleman assents to the truth of
my statement. As Henry Clay was, so is he, (if I
understand him aright,) opposed to the extension
of slavery into Territories now five; so am I, unless
the Constitution carries it there, if the Constitu-
tion protects slaves as common property in the
Territories, 1 do not see why it should notequally
protect theminanyStateoftiiisUnion. The ques-
tion seems to me to be plain, that if the national
Government is a slave Government, protecting
slaves to iheir owneis as common property, no
State can pass laws annulling this provision of the
Constitution.
But I do not so consider it. for the General Gov-
ernment acknowledges the right of the sovereign
Stales to prohibit it; and no slave can be reclaimed
under, or by force of, the fugitive slave lav/, un-
less such slave has violated the sovereign law of
a State by which he is held in bondage. If the
master takes his slave out of a slaveholdmg State
into a free State, and the slave leaves his master,
he cannot reclaim hmi. Could lie not reclaim any
other kind of property? But if the slave escapes,
and goes out of the State against his master's con-
sent, and thus violates the sovereign law of such
State, he must be returned, because the General
Government is bound to protect every State in its
sovereignty; not because it acknowledges slaves
aspropeity—much less as common property—but
because it is bound to protect the sovereignty of
the State in all its institutions within the State
limits. But, Mr. Clerk, this is not the time to
discuss this subject. Our business now is to or-
ganize this House, so that honest creditors of the
Government may be paid, and the credit of the
nation be preserved. " A nation's credit is a na-
tion's honor; destroy the one, and you lose the
other." Let us return to our duty, and repair the
mischief which has been done as much as we can.
Mr. Clerk, I have told you why I could not
vote for the Administration party, or the South
American Opposition party. I have voted for an
anti-Lecompton Democrat—one who has voted
for the Republican party—and I am ready to vote
for him again when my vote will elect him, unless
I know something more than I do now, which may
determine me otherwise. I will nowtell you why
I have voted for Mr. Sherman. He is acknowl-
edged by all parties to be well qualified for the
position. He is acknowledged on all sides to be
an honorable, high-nunded man. He has given
me his word that he will organize the House, if
elected, so that no party shall have just cause of
complaint; that no sectional or distinctive party
spirit shall actuate or control him; that he is a
conservative man; that he docs not sympathize
with ultraism of any kind whatever, to which as-
sertion he assents. There has been no time since
the meeting of this assemblage when there was a
shadow of possibility for any man to be elected as
Speaker, who did not belong to, or who had not
voted with, one or the other of the two great par-
ties here assembled. It is rightand proper that one
of these parties should have"the presiding officer of
this House. It is contrary to the democratic spirit
of the Government to claim otherwise, unless a
man can bo selected to whom both of these parties
will give their support.
On the heads of those who have prevented the
organization of this House, by refusing to give
their votes to one or the other of these parties,
will rest the fearful responsibility of all that has
been or may be done here. The common sense
of the. whole civilized world will condemn them,
let them be who they may. And let me tell you
all, in language which I have heretofore used in
another place, that this House can never be organ-
ized by fostering discordant factions, cliques, and
parties, each striving for personal power and ag-
grandizement.
To a certain extent, party spirit may be neces-
sary, so that the true principle of the Government
may be canvassed before the people for the best
interests of the nation, instead of party policy for
peisonal aggrandizement, and thus arouse the peo-
ple to a true sense of their duty as citizens, a-hd
to the Government of which they form apart; but
it is neither right nor safe for any dominant party
to usurp the power of the Government, and to
administer it m accordance with their peculiar
\iewsand notions, regardless of the riglits and
interests of others, claiming that "to the victors
belong the spoils."
Whom or what have they been victorious over?
What are the spoils which they have a right to
appropriate to themselves ? This Government was
established upon the principle that the strong
should protect the weak, not despoil them, neither
claim that they had a right so to do. If this prin-
ciple is admitted, that the party which shall suc-
ceed in getting the control of the administration
of the Government may control the other parties,
or the people and the resources of the nation, ac-
cording to their own will and pleasure, what need
of constitutions or laws t They would then be-
come a mere mockery, except m so far as bein
instruments in the hand
people to supp
istruments in the hands of such parly, by which
they might compel the people to support its rule
with their ^ubstan
If the revenue of the nation, when collected,
maybe thus claimed as "spoils,"to be distrib-
utee! exclusively to their partisans, and none but
sworn accomplices permitted to participate in the
management of our public aiFairs, where is our in-
dividual safety, or the protection of our individual
rights ? This is a dangerous evil, which has grown
strong in our midst, and is paving the way to the
eventual surrender of our individual sovereignty.
Does it not paralyze the strong arm of the" law,
where most its strength is needed—in its power
to punish all such violations of individual rights?
Ear better to abandon the Constitution and
laws, and elect arbitrary rulers, acknowledging
their will as uncontrolled law, for the time bung^
than to suiter our office-holders to exercise'such
power under the semblance of law. In the one
case, we could make them individually account-
able for their acts; in the other, they shield them-
selves under the laws which they are appointed
to administer. This evil, which should alarm and
arouse every reflecting man, is produced by that
striving for party rule which is regardless of every
principle but party power and personal aggrand-
izement.
Instead of seeking the best good of the country,
by first firmly establishing a uniform principle
upon which the Government and laws should be
administered, and then selecting sound and true
men, who would honestly administer such Gov-
ernment and laws, these mere partisans conjure
up some catch-words, by the aid of which they
form or strengthen their party, and upon which
they base their party platforms, hoping, by such
means, to elect their favorite candidates, through
whose instrumentality they expect to share in the
spoils of officc, and then, in all innocency, wonder
xchy their office-holders are not strictly honest, claim-
ing, at the same time, that " to the victors belong the
spoils!" Parties and cliques in this country,
formed upon this principle, arc primary schools,
from which the people may be sure that they will
he advanced to the higher school of despotism.
These evils which now surround us have not
been engendered by any considerable portion of
the people; they have been brought about by the
few, who have been grasping for power and in-
fluence. Not having been able to get that power
and influence, by an honest expression of a ma-
jority of the people, they have striven to distract
the mind of the community by false issues, thus
dividing the people into feuds and factions, so
that if possible they might gain notoriety, at least
in their particular factions; which factions they
bind together by promises of plunder, when they
get the power to distribute it; and if successful
m getting such power, they must redeem their
pledges.
Finding that it takes more officcs and more
% plunder than the legitimate requirements of the
Government need, schcmes of all descriptions are
resorted to, in order to gratify the cravings of
party spirit, which, as now exercised, is the bane
of this conn try. It causes the people to lose sight
of their best interests, by narrowing their minds
to party, and to its particular leaders; for, from
such,designing men expect to reap some personal
reward.
This spirit can only be arrested by the majority
of the people who do not ask for such personal
favors, and are too honest to receive them, if ten-
dered. I believe that there is honesty, intcgiity,
and patriotism enough, in the people of this coun-
try, to purify the Government and its institutions
from the corruptions that now surround them, if
they will free themselves from party prejudice
and dictation, and make one common cause in
defense of the established Government and the
common rights of all the people, which rights it
was intended by its framers to protect.
What care the masses for the officcs, or those
who may fill them, only so far as that such offices
are administered according to the true spirit of
the Government? Let the people, therefore, say
to such party leaders as I have described, show
us your deeds, and if they do not conform to the
true spirit of the Government, we will teach you
that—
No pait}' Ime< contract our power-;,
For ihe whole Amencan Government is oms !
In so doing, the people will be enabled to correct
one great evil which, to my mind, threatens, more
than any other, the stability of the American
Government: and that is, the pronencss of the
masses to look to individuals, rather than to the
true spirit and intent of the established Govern-
ment and laws, for the redress of their wrongs,
and the protection of their rights. This growing
habit of reliance renders them so infatuated with
such individuals, and so blind to their errors, that
they will follow them as leaders, whether right
or wrong; sustaining such men in an assumption
of power which the principle of the Government
would not peimit them to exercise. If one man
is allowed to assume such power and is sustained
in so doing, others cannot be prevented from doing
the same thing; thus, by elevating men above the
established Government, they arc made the center
of attraction, causing the people to lose sight of
the standard by which the words and actions of
all men should be tried; the people become their
