2472
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 30,
ginia. The Senator from Kentucky not only
alluded to-day, but a few days since, disparag-
ingly to the character of the Indians of California
and Oregon. He confounds two classes of Indians
that exist there. AH that the Senator from Ken-
tucky has said in relation to the valley Indians is
true. They are a miserable set of beings. They
do not rise to the dignity of manhood. They live
upon grasshoppers, acorns, and fish, when they
can get them, and are but one degree removed
from animals, brutes. That is not true, however,
of the mountain Indians. The Indians of the
Klamath mountains and the Pitt river Indians, as
well as the Oregonians, are as fine specimens of
humanity as the Senator has ever seen belonging
to the Indian race. During the winter season,
which is very severe there, they arc, like the
Scythians of old, without any clothing of any
kind. They are a robust and vigorous people,
full of intelligence; and if I chose to occupy the
time of the Senate, (which I do not,) I could re-
count instances of conflicts not only of the Cali-
fornians and the Oregonians, but with white men;
and there never has been a single instance where
these Indians have not shown that they were
capable of the highest endowments of manhood,
not only physically, but mentally. A large ma-
jority of the population of Indians, so far as my
State is concerned, arc in the valleys, and they arc
the class of which the Senator from Kentucky
speaks. Their attributes are of that nature that
heand others, in lookinginto this matter, no doubt
draw the general character of all the Indians there
from that which should belong exclusively to
them. .
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, if we are to
pass this bill, and create this liability on the part
of the United States Government, we must pro-
vide the ways and means. If we are to pass this
bill, which appropriates some three million four
hundred thousand dollars for debts of preceding
years, it will be necessary to provide something
by way of a loan in order to meet it. Now, the
Secretary of the Treasury estimated that the prob-
able receipts in this year (and so far as they have
gone, his estimate will be nearly right—perhaps
'he may fall a little short of the receipts, but not
much) will enable him to pay the annual expenses
of the Government, provided we do not excecd
the estimates, and also pay about four and a half
million dollars of the debt of preceding years con-
tracted by the Post Office Department. I mean
old deficiencies for former service, before the fis-
cal year; and then we shall have remaining the
sum of $4,000,000 of surplus in the Treasury to
work with. Now, sir, I think it probable, and
hope, even after performing the current service
of this fiscal year, and after paying this debt of
some four and a half million dollars of the Post
Office, contracted in preceding years, that the sur-
)lus will be a little larger than he has estimated,
Still, I do not think it would be safe to act upon
the supposition that it will be larger; and if we
are to add to these expenditures the payment of
this debt of preceding years—for it did not occur
in this fiscal year—it would seem to be fair that
we meet it by a loan rather than run the risk of
having the surplus reduced to little over one mil-
lion dollars. I shall therefore propose an amend-
ment, by which, if this bill should pass, the
Secretary of the Treasury shall be allowed to
negotiate a loan to the amount of the bill.
In regard to the bill itself 1 do not mean to say
much at this time. I am very willing, and will at
any time, vote for the expenses which were fairly
incurred in these wars when they are ascertained
to my satisfaction. I will vote for whatever may
be found when they are fully ascertained to my
satisfaction; but, fiom the cursory examination
which I have been enabled to give to-day to the
report of the Auditor, 1 do not think he had the
data upon which to state this account accurately;
and I think an account for so large a sum as this
should be stated upon sufficient and accurate data.
For that reason, I, for one, am not willing to vote
this amount upon such a statement as wc have
in the Third Auditor's report. When this mat-
ter shall come to be fairly audited; when he shall
have evidence, something more than the copies
of muster rolls—something to show the time of
actual service; when he shall have evidence to
show what was expended in the purchase of
supplies, horses, &c.; something, at least, which
will satisfy me that he has readied something
l!
near the probable amount that was paid, then
I will vote to pay that debt. But until that is
done, I, for one, sir, am unwilling to pay the
amount that is stated here upon this Auditor's
statement; and whilst I am willing to pay, it is
not upon the ground that Congress is bound to
pay it because it directed this inquiry to the War
jDepartment. "We may very readily direct an
inquiry to them to ascertain what would be due
upon certain data if we chose to pay; but that
would not bind us to pay afterwards. All the
grounds upon which the indebtedness occurred
would be just as subject to reexamination after-
wards as before. But, sir, I put aside that. I
believe it would be just, when it is ascertained, to
pay what was fairly expended, and I will vote to
pay; but I am not satisfied, as I said before,upon
the report of this Third Auditor, that that amount
has yet been ascertained. However, as I said
before, it is not my purpose 
Mr. DAVIS. Before my friend from Virginia
passes from the second point, I would like him to
state, if he has any distinct view of what sort of
evidence he would expect to get, how it is prac-
ticable to examine these accounts and present
any data more reliable than these which we now
have.
Mr. HUNTER. As I understand it—as I said
before, I read it cursorily—the Third Auditor says
that he has not the same proof of service as intlie
regular Army. He has merely got the muster
rolls, the names of the men and the company.
We do not know how long they served, or when
they were in the field. We have to act on pre-
sumption in regard to these points. In order
that he might inform himself, he sent inquiries to
various officers. Some did not answer, and an-
other, the acting Governor, who would have an-
swered, died; and he has not been placed in pos-
session of the means to state accurately, and it
would not be fair to pass such a bill, in my opin-
ion, unless you require, before any claim was paid,
that proof of service should be offered.
Mr. DAVIS. I would state to the Senate, in
that connection, that at the time the Congress
decided to regard the volunteers engaged in the
Indian war as entitled to pay, and payment as
due for supplies, the question was before the War
Department as to whether they were in the ser-
vice of the United States or not; but the investi-
gation ceased on the action of Congress, it being
then held that the Congress had decided a question
which had been presented to the War Department
by the general commanding on the Pacific; whilst
it was engaged in that examination, Congress
acted on it m a manner that was considered as con-
cluding the question. Then a commission was
organized, as authorized by theact,and thatcom-
nnssion went to the diffeient places where these
volunteers were; they there made an examination
whilst the men were present and living, and their
information is certainly more minute than we could
get by a commission instituted now. I think we
have more reliable data in the report of that com-
mission than we could get by instituting another,
or in any other mode of inquiry.
Mr. HUNTER. I was not raising the ques-
tion as to whether they were legally in the service
of the United States; for, as I said before, whether
they were or not, I should be willing to pay what
was fairly due; but, at the same time, I must say
that I do not think f am precluded from entering
into that question, if I choose, by the fact that
this inquiry was directed; but I say, if I under-
stood the Auditor's report, he had not the means
of knowing how many days these men actually
served. He had the muster rolls, he knew how
many were enrolled in the company, but he did
not know how many served, or for how many
days they served. It is true that a commission
was sent over; but that commission's work was
so unsatisfactory that it was set aside, and the
whole thing was referred to the Third Auditor.
Now, sir, it would require a little more partic-
ularity in this case than in others, because, as I
understand it, they were notmustered into the ser-
vice of the United States; we had no United States
officers to look after them; we had not the safe-
guard of United States agency; all the agents
belonged to the territorial governments; all the
officers were theirs, and we have not such testi-
mony as those officers should present in order to
settle the accounts with their Government. We
ought to have some means of knowing how many
were in actual service, and how many days they
served.
Well now, sir, in regard to the prices to be
paid, I see that the Auditor, upon some arbitrary
estimate, undertook to say what was the difference
between cash and scrip prices. This scrip was a
scrip issued by the territorial government, to be
paid whenever Congress might appropriate the
money. With this scrip the supplies were bought,
and many of these bills were brought in charging
scrip prices, and the Auditor, if I am not mistaken,
complains in this report that he has not yet had
the time or the means to ascertain what was the
proper reduction to be made for this scrip. He
directed his inquiries to certain persons on that
coast, some of whom did not answer; some, as
the United States attorney, said they did not know;
the acting Governor of Washington Territory,
who could have answered, died unfortunately.
And the Auditor has been forced to make his es-
timate upon some calculation of probabilities.
Now, sir, I think we ought to have more in-
quiries in regard to that; we ought to know
whether the oats were really worth two dollars a
bushel. Another thing: we require the Depart-
ment, as I understand this bill, to pay the highest
price charged for supplies to the regular Army,
and we are told in the report that the oats rose
from fifty cents to two dollars a bushel. The
probability is that a great part of the supplies
were got at the lower prices, for I suppose they
took those that were m the market first at the
ordinary prices, and then the additional demand
caused a scarcity, and finally the prices rose.
There is great controversy as to the prices ol"
horses and mules.
1 mention these things in order to show that
there is so much doubt thrown oyci* the whole
computation, that, at this time, it is not proper for
us to order these high prices to be paid. But, sir,
this bill has been reported by an accurate com-
mittee,composed of gentlemen, I admit, much bet-
ter qualified to judge of these matters than I am.
What I propose now to do, and what called me
up, was to propose an amendment by which we
should provide the ways and means to pay this
debt in case Congress should appropriate it. I
accordingly offer this amendment, which I pro-
pose to the amendment of the committee, as a dis-
tinct section:
Jlnd be it further anacted, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he hereby is, authorized to raise the
amount appropriated by, or which may be lequired to be
paid undci, tins act, by a loan at a rate of interest not ex-
ceeding <51 y per centum per annum, to he payable at the end
of five years ftom the issue of the t-tock, and to be sold to
the highest biddei after sixty days public advertisement in
two ol the newspapeis of the city of Washington.
Mr. KING. Mr. President, as I am a member
of the committee to which this bill was referred,
and by which it was reported to the Senate, and
as I intend to vote against it, it is perhaps proper
that I should state the reasons why I do so; and
I shall state them very briefly.
The amounts that have been presented in these
cases have varied from $2,700,000, which was
about the amount the Auditor reduced them to,
to five or six million doilars, as the claims were
originally presented by the parties from Oregon.
I admit that some amount is due to these parties,
and I am free to say that a fair and reasonable
sum ought to be paid, and I should be willing to
vote for it when I knew what it was; but I can-
not vote for this bill now, because 1 have no in-
formation which satisfies my mind what is that
reasonable sum.
That enormous and extravagant charges were
made for personal services, and for the supplies
for these volunteers, appears from the papeia
themselves, and the Auditor reduced, on that ac-
count, a great amount. Yet he was himself un-
able to know from the proof, with any reasonable
degree of certainty, what was the proper sum. I
think that that information should be in advance
of a bill making an appropriation.
I should be opposed, under any circumstances,
to the amendment by the Senator from Vn ginia,
for I think whatever wc are going to appropriate
and pay had better be done at once, and then let
us in some general way provide the means for the
annual expenses.
I think that in regard to our Indian wars a very
loose system is growing up; that we are allowing
Territories and States, upon their own account,
and in their own discretion—that of their Govern-
