86
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 20,
36th Cong. .. .1st Sess. * That Black Republican Bible—The Helper Book—Mr. Hindman.
Ho. of Reps.
friends who have so gallantly and liberally sus-
tained me thus far, believe that my name in any
way presents an obstacle to success, it is my sin-
cere wish they should adopt some other. When-
ever any one of my political friends can combine
a greater number of votes than I have been hon-
ored with, or sufficient to elect him by a majority
or plurality rule, I will not stand in this position
one hour; 1 will retire from the field, and yield to
any other gentlcfrian with whom'I act, the barren
honors of the Speaker's chair; and I promise my
friends a grateful recognition of the unsolicited
honor conferred upon me, and a zealous and earn-
est cooperation. [Applause from the Republican
benches and the galleries.] * * *
Mr. LEAKE resumed the floor.
Mr. HINDMAN. I ask the gentleman from
Virginia to yield me the floor for a few moments.
Mr. LEAKE. I am entitled to the floor, and
yield it fo the gentleman.
Mr. RUST. Will my colleague yield me the
floor for a moment?
Mr. HINDMAN. I will.
Mr. RUST. I only desire to refer to the record.
Gentlemen upon this side of the House have been
invited, by the gentleman from Ohio, to examine
his record. I am one of them'; and I have done it.
I charged the gentlemaij from Ohio with forget-
ting what the provisions of the Constitution were,
or with willfully violating them. I referred to his
course upon the ArmyVppropriation bill, passed
in August, 1856. I want now to prove the truth
of what I then said, and I will read the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Ohio to the
Army appropriation bill:
" Mr. Sherman. I move to amend by inserting the fol-
lowing :
" Provided^ nevertheless, That 110 part of the military force
of the United States herein provided for shall bp employed
in aid of the enforcement of the enactments of the alleged
Legislative Assembly ot the Territoiy of Kansas, recently
assembled at Shawnee MWsion, until Oonjire^s shall have
enacted cither that it was or was not a valid Legislative
Assembly, chosen in conformity with the organic law by the
people ol the said Territory :
[Voiccs on the Republican side, " That is
right!"]
if Jind provided, That, until Congress bhall have passed
on the validity of th<  ^aid Legislative Assembly of Kam-a-!,
it shall he the duty of the Piesident to use the military lbice
in said Territory to preserve the peace, suppress ln^uiree-
tion, repel invasions, and piotcct persons and property
therein, and upon the national hiuhvvavs m the fttate of
Missouri, fiom unlawful seizure and searches :
(Renewed cries from the Republican side,
"That is right!"]
" Jlnd be it further provided, That the President h re-
quired to disarm the ptesent organized militia of the Terii-
tory of Kansas, and recall all the United State* arms therein
distributed, and to prevent armed men fiom going into^aid
Territory to disturb the public peace, or aid in the enloree-
ment or resistance of real oi pietended law?-/'
[Renewed cries, " Tluit is light!"]
1 thought an amendment of the Constitution
provided that neither the Congress, nor the Pres-
ident, nor the legislative and judicial powers of
the land had the right to disarm the militia. I
thought that was as palpable a violation of the
Constitution as anything could be.
Mr. GROW. That is just what Governor
Geary did, under the direction of the President,
when he went to Kansas.
Mr. RUST. I do not care anything about that.
I do not know whether he did that or not. I
never noticed much what Governor Geary did;
but I do know that the amendment proposed by
Mr. Sherman was a palpable and flagrant viola-
tion of one of the most sacred guarantees of the
Constitution—the right of the people to bear arms.
Mr. GROW. You will find it in his dispatches.
I am only.speaking from the record.
Mr. RUST. I call the attention of the House
to that amendment of the Constitution which pro-
vides that the militia shall not be disarmed, and
securing to them the right to bear arms, and then
to the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio, j
now the candidate of the Republican party for
Speaker.
Mr. HINDMAN. I desire now to call the at-
tention of the House back to the explanation of
the gentleman from Oluo, in reference to one of
the charges I made against him yesterday, based
upon his congressional record.
The facts on which that charge rests are the fol-
lowing; My predecessor from the first congres-
sional district of Arkansas, Mr. Greenwood, of-
fered, at the first session of the Thirty-Fourth
Congress, tHe following resolution:
" Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the propriety of providing by iaw
for the indictment and punishment of persons for the steal-
ing of slaves in the Indian country."
Mr. Sherman objected to the introduction of
the resolution. Thereupon,Mr. Greenwood made
this explanation:
" Mr. Greenwood. If the gentleman who objected to the
resolution will allow me, I will state the grounds for the ne-
cessity of it. The reason is, that under the law as it now
exists, and under the decision of the courts, persons on the
border of the Indian territory can go into such territory
and steal slaves therefrom, and" take them into the southern
States and sell them with impunity. ,
" Mr. Sherman. Being satisfied with"the explanation of
the gentleman, I withdraw my objection."
It appeals, then, that in the first place, the res-
olution of my predecessor was, on the face of it,
leveled against negro stealing simply—a crime
perpetrated for the mostnart by men of northern
birth and residence. The member from Ohio
stood in his place here, objecting to any action,
under the evident impression that it was aimed
at some of his northern compatriots. Then my
predecessor explained that the resolution was not
directed against abolition negro thieves only—the
region of country occupied by the slaveholding
Indians being too far remote for their depreda-
tions—but that its object was to punish pro-slavery
negro thieves; to punish men who stole negroes,
carried them South, and sold them into slavery.
Then it was that the gentleman from Ohio found
the explanation satisfactory and withdrew his
objection. Why was the objection made in the
first instance ? Why was it withdrawn ? Do not
all these record facts sustain the charge I have
made? He said here, just now, that as to the
other charges I preferred against him, based on
his congressional record, they amounted to noth-
ing more than the. assertion that he was a Repub-
lican and as to this latter charge of favoring negro
thieving, that it wns of no consequence. Now,
I put it to him, 1 put it to the country, to say
whether or not it is an unimportant matter that a
member of the Federal Congresf, a man recog-
nized as the congressional leader of a-political
party, great in numbers, if great in nothing else,
.should consider it a matter of small moment that
his record here practically commits him in favor
of the plunder and theft of southern slave prop-
erty ?
What is his explanation ? He says that when
the resolution, as first introduced, was satisfac-
torily explained,hewithdrewhisobjection. Will
the gentleman state why the explanation satisfied
him ? Why did he first object, and subsequently
withdraw his objection ? What was there in the
explanation made by my predecessor that was
satisfactory to his mind? What was there in that
explanation that induced him to cease his oppo-
sition to the consideration of the resolution ; Can
there be any other implication—can there beany
other inference, whatever—than that, in his own
heart of hearts, he looked with favor on the prac-
tices of those northern men who try to sap the
foundations of the institution of slavery by con-
stantly robbing us of our property? What other
explanation can there be of that act, than that—
regarding slavery, as he had before said, as not
only an injury to the master, but a crime against
the slave—he considered it also a crime to punish
those men who strike at the foundation of the in-
stitution, by robbing our people of their negroes ?
If lie occupied any other position than that, let
him nowmnke an explanation before the country.
Pie declines doing so. Then what is there to
delay the pronouncing of judgment here against
him, as guilty of encouraging negro-stealing? Pie
says that when I charged him\vith having de-
clared that slavery should be excluded by con-
gressional legislation from the Territories of the
Union, and when I said he had declared himself
opposed to the admission of new slave States, I
simply alleged, in effect, that hcwasaRepublican.
I ask him now to answer here this question: Is it
the position of the Republican party, that when
the people of any of the Territories, claiming and
exercising the right to form and regulate their own
domestic institutions in their own way, shall pre-
sent a State constitution establishing slavery in
that proposed new State—is it, I ask the gentle-
man, and I ask his colleagues of the Republican
party, the position of that party, that such new
State shall not be admitted into the Union, and
that the people of a Territory shall not be per-
mitted to have slavery, even if they desire it?
A Republican Member. Wait till the Chicago
convention. _
Mr. HINDMAN. Have ylfmo opinions now?
Are your principles and the rights of the people
to remain suspended till then ?
Mr. SH ERM AN. I refer the gentleman to the
platform of my party on which I stand. The gen-
tleman knows where to find it. If he finds the
Philadelphia platform, he will find my doctrines.
[A voice, " Let it be read from the Clerk's desk."]
The gentleman should certainly not press these
political questions on me, while he knows that I
stand simply on the platform of the Republican
party.
Mr. HINDMAN. I will say to the gentleman
from Ohio that I have no wish improperly to press
upon him inquiries which he declines to answer;
and that I am not disposed to take any undue ad-
vantage of the peculiar position he occupies as a
candidate. But the existing circumstances do
admit of my properly asking him, in his capacity
as a member of Congress from the great State of
Ohio, what attitude he holds upon the subject of
the rights of the people of the Territories to form
and regulate their own domestic institutions; in
their own way, subject only to the Constitution
of the United States. [Laughter.] I will make
my inquiry more specific than that phraseology
has done, it having been somewhat mystified by
latter-day disquisitions.
Mr. COLFAX. Wf
to ask him a question ?
Mr. IIINDMAN. The gentleman from In-
diana must sec that I am just now engaged in
asking the gentleman from Ohio a question.
Mr. BLAKE. The gentleman is asking a
question, but there is nobody on the witness stand.
Mr. HINDMAN. There mpy be nobody on
the witness stand, but I think there is one here
*©n the mourners' bench. [Pointing at Mr. Sher-
man.]
Mr. COLFAX. The question I desired to
propound was, whether there has any constiuc-
tion been placed upon those words upon which
Democrats all agree ?
Mr. HINDMAN. The gentleman will excuse
me. I will'take pleasure in answering his ques-
tion in detail on any other occasion during this
session. I have nothing to conceal, and there is
no responsibility I will avoid.
I address my inquiry, then, to the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] and desire to know
what attitude lie and his colleagues hold relative
to certain resolutions passed by the Geneial As-
sembly of his State, on the 17th of April, 1857,
instructing the Senators and requesting the Rep-
resentatives, under nil circumstances, to oppose
the admission of any new slaveholding State? In
order to ascertain what is the gentleman's posi-
tion on that subject, I ask him if he intends to
abide by and to carry out those resolutions of in-
struction, in case the people of any of the Terri-
tories shall present a State constitution, republi-
can in form, establishing slavery? I call upon the
gentleman to respond to that inquiry. [A voice
ftom the Republican side, " Do not answer."]
The gentleman declines to answer, and one of his
friends objects; his friends will not remove the
muzzle from his mouth
Mr. GROW. The resolution of the gentleman
from Missouri is the muzzle.
Mr. piNDMAN. if that is the muzzle, lie
may at any time remove it by disavowing IIcl-
perism. Let me ask the gentleman from "Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Grow] if lie would obey reso-
lutions emanating from his State Legislature,
requiring at his hands a deliberate and willful vio-
lation of the Constitution?
Mr. BLAKE. I wish to say, if the gentleman
will hear me, that no such resolution was passed
by the Ohio Legislature. I was a member of the
Legislature at the time, and had the honor of
drawing those resolutions.
Mr. COX. I say that there were such resolu-
tions.*
Mr. BLAKE. You are mistaken in regard to
the character of the resolutions.
