1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
1529
grants. It is merely a question what degree of
advantage the Government will stipulate, and
whether that advantage shall be immediate or re-
mote. The principle is, that something shall be
given, freely, with a view to the enhancement of
that which is not given; and it holds as com-
pletely, although not in so immediate a degree,
in the case of grants scattered over the whole do-
main, at the pleasure of the settlers, as it does in
*the case of grants confined to alternate sections.
Mr. WIGFALL. I will draw the Senator's
attention—I know as ready a debater as he is, is
not to be drawn off—to some important particu-
lars in which these bills differ. Will he state to
me the amount of land proposed to be donated to
each individual ?
Mr. PUGH. One hundred and sixty acrcs—
a quarter section.
Mr. WIGFALL. In this bill there afe six
sections given for railroad purposes, and the alter-
nate six sections reserved to the Government. In
one instance a railroad is to be built directly
through the country—six sections reserved alter-
nate—and after the road has been built, and the
country has been settled, in consequence of the
building of the road, we may rationally conclude
that the land will actually be increased in value.
But, if you cut it up into quarter sections of one
hundred and sixty acrcs cach, and individuals
scatter about, and settle where they please, and
select the important quarter sections in a prairie
country, picking a single spring and a small bit
of timber, what will be the result? The Senator
has traveled through prairie country, and knows
the character of it. I can take six certificates, of
ono hundred and sixty acres each, and destroy
utterly the value of any league of land in the
United States in. a prairie country, by selecting
importantlocations upon water courses or springs
or small bits of timber. You may utterly destroy
the value of the land in that way; but if you give
a donation of six sections, taken in a block, and
leave the other six sections, those advantages
against the Government arc not secured to the
settlers. Then, again, there is a vast difference
in this particular—and whilst I am up, as the Sen-
ator is patient, I will state it. When a road is
built through the country and it becomes open
for settlement and use, sections of six in a block
are left open for sale on the part of the Govern-
ment, and the other six sections 
Mr. PUGH. Sections in a block. You are
mistaken. You only reserve the alternate sec-
tions for six sections in depth.
Mr. WIGFALL. I will read it:
Every alternate section of land, to the amount of six
sections per mile, on each side of the railroad line.
I was speaking of a block of these quarter sec-
tions. By my bill, a block of one mile square
will be left for sale, and one occupied. The rail- •
road company will have a block for sale; that
railroad company without means, and therefore
willing to sell and anxious to sell. The Govern-
ment will hold the rest back for sale. Men de-
signing to settle will move into the country that
is about being developed and that is improving,
and they will draw good neighbors with them.
But to whom will land be given according to the
provisions of the homestead bill ? Men who can-
not buy one hundred and sixty acres of land are
to settle on alternate quarter sections, leaving one
hundred and sixty acres between each of them !
Why, sir, I undertake to say, that of the entire
population of the United States—I mean the agri-
cultural population—you will find a very small
proportion of those who till the soil who would
go to settle in a country that was settled by such
a population as this bill proposes to settle on the
public domain. Men who are going to cultivate
public land usually want more than one hundred
and sixty acres.
Mr. PUGH. There is no provision that they
shall not buy it, if they choose. They can buy
as much as they please.
Mr. WIGFALL. But the bill is intended to
provide for those who cannot buy.
Mr. PUGH. No; the bill is intended to pro-
vide for everybody, whether they can or cannot
buy.
Mr. WIGFALL. The Senator from Minne-
sota said yesterday it was for those who were
not able to buy.
Mr. PUGH. That is not my view of it.
Mr. WIGFALL. 1 wilPgo further 
Mr. PUGH. It is undoubtedly true that in par-
ticular districts of country, not only in prairie,
but in the case of a mountain defile, the party who
has the choice in advance of all others may so
make his choice as to destroy comparatively the
value of all the rest. That happens in other in-
stances. That will happen under the Senator's
railroad bill. If the spring be within the section
that belongs to the railroad, what use would it be
for us to double the price of the reserved sections?
If the spring be on the sections.reserved, what
benefit does the railroad company receive? Then,
beside that, how does the Senator expect the rail-
road company or the Government to derive the
slightest benefit, either from the section that is
given or the section which is reserved, until he
can persuade the actual settler to go there? I hear
a great deal said about the value of the public do-
main. I stated this morning, on-the authority of
the Secretary of the Interior, that there were eighty
million acres now subject to private entry. It
sounds large—eighty million acres—but it is not
worth eighty ccnts, unless you can sell it to some-
body who will settle on it. AH your public domain
is not worth anything until you get men upon it
to cultivate it. That brings it into market. That
is why the railroad company want the land. They
will build the road there, and sell the land to the
actual settler. That is why the Government
doubles the price of the reserved sections, because
where the railroad company has stimulated set-
tlement, the Government thinks it can take advant-
age of the necessity of the actual settler, and
compcl him to pay double price. There is no
difference in principle between the laws. There
is merely a difference in the method of applying
the principle, and perhaps, in some instances, a
difference in degree.
But, in his railroad bill, the Senator adopts and
acts upon this very proposition of mine. He
provides that wherever the Government has no
alternate section to bestow upon the routes of the
two roads, or the section be condemned as worth-
less, or be mineral land, " the deficiency shall be
made up by other sections"'—and these need not
be alternate sections—" from the nearest unappro-
priated public lands." Now,assuredly, the Gov-
ernment will derive only an incidental, remote,
and even contingent advantage from such grants;
they are not upon the lines of the railroads, and
no alternate sections arc to be reserved, or prices
to be doubled, as a compensation for them.
Shall I turn the Senator's constitutional argu-
ment against himself? Let us hear what he said:
"This Government was established for tbe purpose of se-
eming liberty to ourselves and to our posterity, and it was
vested with certain powers which are to be "exorcised in
the name and foi the benetit and the use of the States; and
if this Government has a right to acquire territoiy, as it be-
yond doubt has a light to acquire money by taxation, that
money or that terntorvis property; (lie legal title vested
in the Government, but the States being the cestui que
trusts, and the) having the equitable title ; and this Gov-
ernment cannot distribute or disburse either the money or
the territory (that is the land) except for Federal purposes.
I deny most emphatically that this Government is an elee-
mosynary establishment. I deny that it has a right to dis-
tribute land or money amongst the individuals of the Uni-
ted .States. I deny that there is any such people as the
people of the United States. J believe that theie are thirty-
three different sovereign independent nations confederated
together, who have established a Fedeial Government, of
which we are a part."
To all that, Mr. President, I fully agree. The
difference between the Senator and myself is in
the application of it to particular cases. He seems
to believe that the Constitution is very clastic, and
can be stretched a great way, when we come to
the case of railroads and telegraphs; that the prop-
erty of the Federal Government, acquired by Fed-
eral taxation and holden strictly for Federal pur-
poses, can, together with $70,000,000 of money,
raised by like taxation, be donated to the use of
J. Edgar Thompson, of Pennsylvania, and other
corporators in the Southern Pacific Railroad Com-
pany, or to the use of William H. Swift, of Mas-
sachusetts, and his associates, in a company for
constructing a railroad across the Rocky Mount-
ains north of the thirty-fourth parallel of north
latitude; but that to bestow one millionth as
much land upon any other individual who may
desire to cultivate it, and thereby improve the ad-
jacent public domain, would be an open breach
of the Constitution, and a sad dereliction from
Democratic principles. The Senator from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Johnson] must be dealt with sum-
marily, for what he has proposed; but the Sena-
tor from Texas, notwithstanding the enormity of
his bill, is henceforth to carry the standard of our
faith.
I agree that the public lands are public property;
but in the disposition of them, whether in the
States or in the Territories, the Constitution has
expressly conferred upon Congress &11 the dis-
cretion of a landed proprietor. I know that dis-
cretion may be, as it often has been, abused by
Congress. There is no remedy for that; it is tin
infirmity of all human government.
That Congress, in its discretion, has frequently
granted lands for an inadequate price, or no price
at all, in order to enhance the value of remaining
lands, and this for other objects than the con-
struction of railroads, telegraphs, or canals, is a
fact of which every Senator must be more or less
aware.
Xfeus, on the 3d of March, 1817—1 call the
attention of my friend from Alabama [Mr. Clay]
—an act was passed " to set apart and dispose
of certain lands for the encouragement of the
cultivation of the vine and olive." (Statutes at
Large, vol. 3, p. 374.) That reserved four contig-
uous townships, each of six miles square, in Mis-
sissippi Territory, (now the Stat© of Alabama,)
from public or private sale, under the general laws
then in force, and authorized the Secretary of the
Treasury to contract for their sale, at the rate of
two dollars per acre, payable fourteen years after
the date of the contract, to certain emigrants from
France, stipulating " for such conditions of settle-
ment, and cultivation of the vine and other vege-
table productions as may to him appcar*roason-
ablc." If it be said that these immigrants were to
pay for the lands at the general price then estab-
lished by law, I answer, that the terms of pay-
ment were extremely liberal, and such as never
had been granted to any other class of purchasers.
The principle, therefore, is the same.
We have also an act approved May 23, 1844,
commonly called the town-site law. (Statutes at
Large, vol. 5, p. 657.) That authorizes the cor-
porate authorities of any town established on the
public domain, or, if the town be not incorporated,
the judges of the county court, to enter three
hundred and twenty acres, covered by the town-
site, in trust for the inhabitants of the town, at
§1 25 por acre. To be sure, as in the last case,
a payment is required here; but then it is a pay-
ment of the minimum price, without preliminary
advertisement or offering to sale, and in exclusion
of all other purchasers.
We have also the act of March 2,1849, grant-
ing to the State ofLouisiana, to aid " in construct-
ing the necessary levees and drains to reclaim the
swamp and overflowed lands therein, the whole
of those swamp and overflowed lands which may
be or are found unfit for cultivation." (Statutes
at Large, vol. 9, p. 352, 353.) The benefits of
this act were extended to the State of Arkansas,
and all other States then admitted, by the act of
September 28, 1850. (Statutes at Large, vol. 9,
pp. 519, 520.) And we have further extended
them to Minnesota and Oregon, by an act passed
unanimously at the present session. No com-
pensation is reserved to the Federal Government
directly for such grants. The proceeds are to be
applied exclusively to the construction of levees
'and drains, and that will onhance the value of re-
maining lands.
The grants already approved of this character,
excluding Minnesota and Oregon, embrace more
than forty million acres.
Another act, approved March 3, 1855, declares:
" That each contractor engaged, or to be engaged, in car-
rying mails through any of the Territories west of the Mis-
sissippi, shall have the privilege of occupying stations, at
the rate of not more than one for every twenty miles of th©
route on v^ich he carries a mail, and shall have a preemp-
tion right therein, when the same shall be brought into
market, to the extent of six hundred and forty acres, to be
taken contiguously, and to include his improvement; but
no such preemptive right shall extend to any pass in a
mountain, or other defile."—Statutes at Large, vol. 10, p.
684.
The act of 3d March, J857, providing for the
overland mails between California and the Mis-
sissippi river, section twelve, declares:
" That the contractors shall have the right of picumption
to three hundred and twenty acres of any land not then (at
the time of making the contracts) disposed of or reserved,
at each point necessary for a station, not to be nearer than
ten miles from each other : Jlndprovided, That no mineral
kind shall be thus preempted."—Statutes at Large, vol. II,
p. 100.
Here are grants of double and even quadruple
