1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2473
ors and of their Legislatures—to enter into these
controversies with the Indians, themselves being
the judges of the amounts which shall be paid for
these expenditures; and if they are fair men, as
fair men as exist in the older States, where there
are none of these difficulties, they have the temp-
tations and inducements of their own people, who
are doing this service, to make large allowances
and to audit large accounts.
I have heard, too—but of that 1 have no knowl-
edge—that, after these services and supplies were
paid for in scrip by the local government, a large
share of the scrip passed out of the hands of the
parties who actually rendered the services and
furnished the supplies, and that, too, at a very
small percentage on the amount of the scrip—
much less than the face of the scrip; and that has
been received by the parties in full payment; and,
if the appropriation is made, these large amounts
will go to persons who make a profit by the scrip.
These are facts of which I have not, and cannot
have, accuratc knowledge; yet, I think they are
entitled to consideration in making these allow-
ances.
I vote against this proposition, because I have
no sufficient information to justify me in voting
for the amount that is claimed. This bill pro-
poses to pay a larger amount than the sum was
reduced to by the Auditor to whom the matter
was referred. I have not paid as much attention,
perhaps, as I ought to have done to this bill, in
order to enable me to communicate much inform-
ation to the Senate; but it is because I think the
information does not exist anywhere at this time
which justifies an appropriation to pay this
amount. I think the assumption that this Govern-
ment is committed by any action of Congress or
by any action of the Departments, by any tech-
nical act, is one that ought not to control. What
is justly, fairly, equitably due to these persons for
services honestly rendered and supplies honestly
furnished, I should be willing to pay; but I want
know what that is before I vote to appropriate the
money.
Mr. GWIN. It seems to me that the very ob-
jection which the Senator from New York brings
forward is protected in the bill. The bill pro-
vides for the examination of these matters before
the money is paid; and the accounts have been
reduced from $6,000,000 down to less than three
million dollars. It is impossible to compensate the
parties to whom this indebtedness is due. I know
that they were sending down to California at that
time. When this Indian war was pressing on the
citizens of Oregon and Washington, they were
calling for relief and aid to protect them against
Indian depredations; and it will be impossible for
us to pass a bill that will exergue the parties
who performed the service and furnished the sup-
plies what they are really entitled to. Longer de-
lay is a still further injury to them. It seems to
me that when the bill guards against the payment
of any money until each claim is fully examined,
it is proper to pass it; and a longer delay is doing
great injustice to these parties.
Mr. LANE. One word only, for I do not wish
to delay the vote. I want a vote on this bill. I
desire to say to the Senator from Virginia, and
the Senator from New York, that no rolls of ser-
vice in any war that this country has ever been
engaged in were more accurate than these. The
Auditor examined them, and found them all accu-
rate. Everything is regular; everything is com-
plete. I say no settlement ever has been made
more accui*ately and more fully than the adjust-
ment reported by the commission upon these war
claims. They ascertained the term of service to a
day; the day when each man was mustered into
service, and the day when he was mustered out;
and not one company were allowed an hour more
time than they actually performed duty.
In relation to some of this scrip having gone
into third hands, 1 will only say, that if it has
happened at the low price which some have
charged that it did, it is an evidence of the ex-
treme necessity of the people who parted with it.
For instance: in some cases it has been charged
that the scrip was sold at ten cents on the dollar.
Mark what I say, it has been so charged. Now,
for the flour that was sold by the people for the
■support of these troops, ten to twelve dollars a
bam 1 is about the average price, and indeed it is
a little over. If a man who furnished a barrel of
flou r was forced afterwards to take ten cents on
the dollar, it would make that man sell his flour
for one dollar a barrel, in a country where, a year
or two before, I paid twenty-five dollars per bar-
rel for my family use. Could it be possible that
a man would sell his claim on the Government for
ten cents on the dollar, when he only charged the
actual cash price, which was ten dollars a barrel?
If you make that poor man who is to get twelve
or fifteen dollars per month for services rendered,
sell his scrip or his claim for it at ten cents on the
dollar; if that is true, then he receives from one
dollar and twenty to one dollar and sixty cents per
month only. These things are so palpably false
that I am sure they can make no impression on
anybody's mind.
In addition to theevidence that has already been
adduced, I now read an extract from the report of
J. Ross Browne, a special and confidential agent
of the Treasury Department, who was sent under
the instructions of the Department of the Interior
to inquire into Indian affairs in Oregon and Wash-
ington. His high charactcr and great experience
in the public scrvice are such ag entitle his opin-
ions and conclusions to the special confidence of
the Senate. He says, in his report on the Indian
war in Oregon and Washington, as follows:
" On my arrival in Oregon I conferred with all the load-
ing citizens, and obtained the views of nearly every Fed-
eral officer in the country. During a tour of more than two
months I heard but one sentiment expressed, a general de-
nial of the allegation that the hostilities were commenced
by the settlers for purposes of speculation. From previous
acquaintance with the people of Oregon, I had formed the
opinion that they were peaceable, honest, and industrious;
and it seemed to me scarcely possible that they could be
guilty of so great a crime as that charged against them."
"Upon a careful perusal of all the dispatches, I find
nothing to sustain the charge of speculation. No prison
can viMtthe Tciritoiies of Orrgon and Washington, con-
verge with the people, see them on their farms and at their
daily labors, and consider their tiue interests, without com-
ing to the conclusion that such a chaigeis absurd and mon-
itions What could they hop? to gain ? Few of thcni had
an) t(nng to spare upon which to base a speculation. A
farmer is well oil" wno lias his fields fenced in, a few head
of oxen, and tluec or four cows, if he got treble prico lor
his stock, the sale, upon an unlimited credit, would have
been a sacnficc to hun. His farm must go to nun. The
intcicsU>of the seitlcis «f nu<ul> u\eiy pursuit are nearly
identical. Their future prospects depend chiefly upon the
piOTpejity of the country, the increase ot emigration, en-
hancement m the value of proper! y, security ol life, opening
of new facilities for the tianspoitation oi their products.
All this was diamctucaily opposed to a war. No compen-
sation that Government could make would atone for the
muidcr of (antihcb, the stoppage of l.ibor everv where, the
loss oftime, the suspension of emigration, and the numerous
evils resulting from tins disastrous conflict."
Mr. President, no compensation Congress can
ever make will pay for one half the amount of
property destroyed, expense incurred, and suffer-
ing endured. The property of the people of the
Territory was assessed at $20,000,000, and I am |
sure that very near one quarter that amount of
property was absolutely destroyed by the Indians
dunng these difficulties, to say nothing of the
services of our people and the supplies furnished.
Wives and daughters were led to the stake and
tortured in the most barbarous and cruel manner.
Whole families—m one case a mother and four
daughters—were subjected to indignities more ter-
rible than I would undertake to relate here, and
then perished in the flanks. To say that our
people would bring on such a war, and that such
a war was a godsend to the people there, is too
cruel, too harsh a judgment, too hard a censure
for any man to pronounce against us. No, sir;
the war was a great calamity, a great misfortune;
and great suffering resulted from it. We hope
never to son another such war. We only ask
pay according to the provisions of this bill; and
I beg Senators to give us the vote.
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 do not propose to say any-
thing in reference to the merits of this appropri-
ation bill; but 1 understand that there is an amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Virginia to
place at the end of this appropriation bill a loan
bill for the purpose of obtaining the money upon
five years1 stock. I should like to inquire of the
Senator from Virginia, the chairman of the Fi-
nance Committee, if that amendment is recom-
mended by the Committee on Finance.
Mr. HUNTER. No; it has never been before
my committee. I offered the amendment myself.
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 think I have heard objec-
tions made heretofore to placing these sort of
schemes and projects upon the appropriation bills,
especially if they did not come from a committee.
It seems to me that a bill for a loan ought to un-
dergo some revision by a committee; and in order
to find out what the amount of the national debt
is, we should not be compelled to resort to the ap-
propriation bills passed from time to time by Con-
gress. I should think it would be more proper
that, after we had got through all the appropriation
bills, the Committee on Fmaticc, on ascertaining
the amount appropriated, and th6 probable re-
ceipts, and knowing the actual deficiency, should
report a bill for supplying it in the form of a loan
or by Treasury notes. If we are to indulge in
this practice of saddling every appropriation bill
with a rider in the shape of a loan bill to pay it
with, we shall never know where we stand. I
shall not go into the merits of this mode of obtain-
ing the money, or the propriety of a single mem-
ber getting up here to move in the Senate to sup-
ply the v/ays and means for carrying on the
Government, at the end of an appropriation bill.
I will not allude to it; but I call the attention of
the Senator from Virginia to the propriety, if
there is a deficiency, as he acknowledges, and it
is for the amount of every appropriation that we
make after this time, of aggregating them all and
passing a loan bill for them all. Why should he
put a loan bill on this appropriation bill more
than on any other?
Mr. HUNTER. With the Senator's permis-
sion, I will say now, as I do not mean to answer
him, that it is because this is to pay a debt; it is
not for the annual service of the current year.
Mr. IVERSON. So was the Post Office defi-
ciency bilJ to pay a debt. In the bill we had under
discussion the other day, if I understood the Sen-
ator from Maryland [Mr. Pearce] aright, there
was three million to go for the service of the last
year or the year before, I do not know which.
Mr. PEARCE. It went no further back than
1859.
Mr. SIMMONS. Well, why not put a loan
bill on that? That is for a debt. Thefactis,we
have not been paying our debts for three years
past, but wo have been going on in a crippled
way.
Mr. HUNTER. Nothing has passed yet that
has not been estimated for. This is the first
appropriation not estimated for by the Secretary
—a debt.
Mr. SIMMONS. No matter whether it is es-
timated for or not; I know the Senator from Vir-
ginia will concur with me that it is improper to
place a loan bill of any kind at the end of an ap-
propriation bill. Men might vote for the appro-
priation without the loan bill who would not vote
for it with the loan bill added. It is improper to
incorporate into any bill two such opposite ques-
tions that depend on such opposite principles. I
do not pretend to know anything about the merits
of this war debt, because I am not charged with
it on any committee; but I have heard the debate,
and I know that, however meritorious the claims
may be upon the Treasury, and however just the
debt, the fact of putting a loan bill on it would
affect my vote. I do not believe in that mode of
legislation. If there is not merit enough in the
indebtedness of the Government to induce Con-
gress to pass a loan bill, I do not mean myself to
be induced to vote for it for the sake of paying
some old debt for soldiers. I should like to have
the question of the propriety of paying this war
debt of Oregon by itself, separate from a loan bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Iverson in
the chair.) The first question is on the amend-
ment offered by the Committee on Military Af-
fairs.
Mr. HUNTER. Mine is an amendment to that
amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstands that if the original bill does not pass,
the Senator's amendment will fall. It is, there-
fore, first in order to vote upon the amendment
of the committee before that of the Senator from
Virginia.
Mr. HUNTER. The question was on the
amendment of the committee, and I offered an
amendment to that amendment. It may be that
persons would vote for it if amended in that way
who would not vote to strike out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Very well;
then the firstquestion is on the amendment offered
by the Senator from Virginia to the amendment
of the committee.
Mr. SIMMONS. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that.
