1530
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4,
the extent allowed by law in other cases of pre-
emption; but the object of them, whether wisely
or unwisely designed, is to induce the establish-
ment of stations, at invervals of ten or twenty
miles, along the-overland post-routes, and thus
promote the colonization and settlement of the
public domain.
There is an act of February 17,1815, " for the
relief of the inhabitants of the late county of New
Madrid, in the Missouri Territory, who suffered
by earthquakes," (Statutes at Large, vol. 3, pp.
211,212,) the principle of which 1 do not so clearly
distinguish. It provides that any persons own-
ing lands in New Madrid county, according to
its limits, on the 10th of November, 1812, u whose
lands have been materially injured by earth-
quakes, " shall be authorized to loeate the same
quantity of public land, subject to sale elsewhere
in Missouri Territory, without price or reward.
Here is an eleemosynary donation, upon which
not merely the Senator from Texas, but the Sen-
ator from Missouri, [Mr. Green,] can fasten an
abundance of constitutional criticism.
Mr. POLK. I did not understand a word the
Senator used. He said they should be allowed
to enter their lands without price 
Mr. PUGH. Without price or reward.
Mr. POLK. It was an exchange of land. The
United States got the land that was injured by
that earthquake in place of the land that was en-
tered by the certificate that the recorder of land
titles was authorized to issue.
Mr. PUGH. They gave up the land that
was injured by earthquake, because it was of no
value. They got the good land, and gave up
that which was destroyed. I say it was an elee-
mosynary grant. I acknowledge it, but it is an
exception.
Mr. WIGFALL. I beg to ask the Senator,
for I know he is a fair man, whether he means
to say I voted for that bill?
Mr. PUGH. No; but I state that to show what
the course of the Government has been. I believe
the Senator from Missouri will bear mo out in
saying that a large portion of the land in Mis-
souri has been located on New Madrid certifi-
cates. A great many^ eases of litigation have
grown out of them, I lenow.
Mr. POLK. I will state that the litigation has
been in vast disproportion to the quantity of land
entered. The quantity of land entered under that
act was not very great, for it was confined to New
Madrid.
Mr. PUGH. I did not suppose the lands so
entered were very great, as compared with the
area of so lar^c a Stale as Missouri. I do not
mean that my friend from Texas voted for the bill,
but I mean this: when he says, and others say,
that this homestead bill revolutionizes the policy
of the Government in relation to the public lands,
I mean to show that it introduces no new prin-
ciple. They tell us that it is some extravagance
that is to overwhelm us, to destroy the public
revenue, and to alter the whole coursc of events
in this country, f have shown him that this very
principle, in all forms of application, has been the
guiding principle of our system of public lands,
from the very curliest day until the present time.
But, sir, if there be any case in which the Con-
stitution allows us to exercisc a liberal discretion,
as proprietor of the public lands, it is not in the
case of railroads or telegraphs—cspeciaHy when
these arc to he controlled by corporations—but in
the case of the actual settler. This results from
the fact, that Congress can only acquire land, by
treaty or otherwise, for particular purposes; and
in regard to cessions from individual States or
foreign nations, embracing vast tracts of territory,
there is a paramount duty imposed on Congress
by the Constitution to dispose of such Iu*fids, not
as property alone, but with a view to the formation
of States and their admission into the Union. The
right to "dispose of the lands, whether for purposes
of revenue or bounty, must be exercised in sub-
jection to this paramount idea. This truly defines
the trust of which the Federal Government is
trustee, and of which the people of all the States
are thus, and not otherwise, to becomc the bene-
ficiaries.
1 know the Senator from Texas has little re-
spect for judicial decisions; but he will pardon
me, I trust, in quoting- two or three brief, pungent,
and very decisive sentences:
"There is certainly no povvgr given by the Constitution
to the Federal Government to establish or maintain colonies
bordering on the United States, or at a distance, to be ruled
and governed at its own pleasure ; nor to enlarge its terri-
torial limits in any way, except by the admission of new
States."
Again:
11 The power to expand the territory of the United States
by the admission of new States is plainly given; and,m the
construction of this power by all the departments of this
Government, it has been held to authorize tire acquisition
of territory, not fit for admission at the time, but to be ad-
mitted as soon as its population and situation would entitle
it to admission. It is acquired to become a State, and not
to be held as a colony, and governed by Congress with ab-
solute authority."
That is from the opinion of Chief Justice Taney
in Dred Scott's case, and affords a complete au-
thority for the argument of the Senator from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Nicholson] in support of this bill.
Mr. WIGFALL. I agree to what the Senator
has read, with a-qualification.
Mr. PUGH. Far less is it acquired merely to
be landed property, to be disposed of as if the
Government were a speculator m land. The high
and guiding principle of the whole is, that the
Territory is acquired hereafter to become a State,
and it never can become a State without people.
Therefore I repeat, that in disposing of the public
land, either with a view to revenue or bounty,
protection to the actual settler and the coloniza-
tion of the public domain rises above every other
consideration, and Congress is bound by the Con-
stitution so to legislate.
The encouragement of the actual settler has
always been a prime object in our system of reg-
ulating and disposing of the public domain; not
merely, as in the case of canals, railroads, and
other local improvements,bythegrantofalternate,
sections, but by larger donations, and without in-
creasing thcuprice of adjacent or reserved lands.
Thus, by the act of March 21,1805, section sec-
ond, every person, being the head of a family or
twenty-one years of age, who had become an
actual settler upon lands within the Louisiana
Territory, prior to the treaty of cession, was con-
firmed in his title and settlement. (Statutes at
Largo, vol. 2, pp. 325, 326.)
And so, by the act of March 3,1823, all claims
for lands between tht Rio Hondo and the Sabine
river, " founded on occupation, habitation, and
cultivation," prior to the treaty of February 22,
1819, with Spain, were ordered to be confirmed.
(Statutes at Large, vol. 3, p. 757.)
When I referred to these cases some time ago,
the Senator from Alabama [Mr. Clay] declared
that in ins State, at least, and the State ofMissis-
sippi, no similar grants had been made. The
Senator was grievously in error, as he will ascer-
tain by reference to the actof March 3, 1803, sec-
tions one and two. (Statutes at Large, vol. 2, pp.
229, 230.) A like provision was made in Florida
by the act of May 26, 1824. (Statutes at Large,
vol. 4, p. 47.)
It may be said these were the confirmations
and settlements previously made—but what then ?
They were settlements without title, and for which
nothing ever had been, or ever was to be paid.
The principleisexactly the same. But,sir,I have
later and more decisive instances. Here is the
act of August 4,1842, the first section of which
provides:
" Be it enacted by the Senate and llouscof Representatives
of the United States of Jlmcrica, That any person, being the
head of a family, or .-ingle man over eighteen ycais of age,
able to bear arms, who has made, or shall, within one year
from and after the passage of this act, make an actual set-
tlement within that part of Florida situated and being oouth
of the line dividing townships number nine and ten south,
and cast of the base line, shall be entitled to one quarter
section of said land, on the following conditions and stipu-
lations :
41First. That said settler shall obtain from the register of
the land ofhee in the district in which he proposes to set-
j tie, a penmt describing,as paiticularlyas may be pracnca-
i bio, the place where ins or her settlement is to be made:
j Provided, That no person who shall be a resident of Fior-
j ida at the time of the passage of this aet, who shall be the
ovvnet of one hundred and sixty acres of land at the time
ho propose* to settle, shall be entitled to a permit from the
register.
" Second. That said settler shall re ide in the Territory
of Florida, south of said township line, for five consecutivc
} eats, and to take lus grant on any public land south of that
township.
"Third. That said settler shall ei ect thereon a house fit for
the habitation of man, and shall clear, enclose, and cultivate
at least five acres of said land, and reside thereon for the
space of four years next following the first year after the
date of his permit, if he or she shall so long live.
11 Fourth. That such settler shall, within one year after the
survey of said lands, and the opening of the proper office for
the entry and sale of the same by the United States, prove,
befose such tribunal and in such manner and form as shall
be prescribed by the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, With the approval of the President, the fact that the
settlement had been commenced, and the particular quar-
ter section upon which it is located; and, also, that such
settler shall, within six months after the expiration of five
years from the date of his peimit, prove, in like manner,
the fact of continued residence and cultivation, as required
in the secondand third conditions hereinabove prescribed;
whereupon, and not until then, a patent shall issue to said
settler for such quarter section."
The Secretary of the Interior tells us that a «
signal failure resulted from this act, and refers us
to his report of December, 1858, in testimony of
the fact. Well, sir, here is what he said in that
report:
" The grant of land under the act for the armed occupa-
tion of Florida, approved August 4,1842, was limited to
two hundred thousand acres. The eagerness of settlers to
avail themselves of the benefits of this grant is shown by
the issuance of thirteen hundred and twenty-one permits
for one hundred and sixty acres each, which amounted in
the aggregate to two hundred and eleven thousand three
bundled and sixty acres.
<£ In the year 1*834, a supplemental act was passed, sub-
stituting cash payments for the condition of continued res-
idence; and under the original and supplemental acts only
one hundred and sixteen claims had been finally approved
and patented, amounting to eighteen thousand five hundred
and sixty acres.
u On the 1st of July, 1848, another aet was passed for the
relief of those to whom permits may be granted, dispensing
with continued residence on the specific tract. This act
requned the employment of an agent for the adjustment of
this class of cases, and it appears that two hundred and
eighty-three claims under it were approved and patented,
amounting to forty-five thousand two hundred and eighty
acres. There still remain fifty-seven claims suspended for
various causes, amounting to nine thousand one hundred
and twenty—and few, if any, of these will ever be carried
into patent—whilst there aie eight hundred and sixty-five
claims which have been absolutely forfeited and canceled,
amounting to one hundred and thirty-eight thousand four
hundred acres. From the foregoing statement, it will he
pcrceived that only about one twelfth of the whole area pro-
posed to be granted has been secured finally to claimants
under the acts of 1842 and 1844, (and a small portion of this
was paid for;) that not one fourth has been finally secured
under the relieving act of 1848, and that moie than two thirds
has been wholly forfeited."
Really, on this statement, I see no case of " fail-
ure" at all. The permits were asked without
knowing the character of the lands to be occupied;
those wno retained their settlements, in all proba-
bility, had the best lands; the rest had poor lands,
or lands subject to be overflowed, which they
abandoned, or else they were driven away in con-
scquence of Indian warfare.
The Secretary does not even begin to prove by
such a history that donations of this character are
less acceptable to settlers than sales at $3 25 per
acre. Doubtless, in many eases, the settlers in
Florida preferred to pay for their lands after a set-
tlement of two years; but this certainly was be-
cause the lands had become valuable, even by rea-
son of so brief a settlement, and therefore would
be sold at an advance on the minimum price fixed
by law. It will be so, in many cases, under the
homestead bill.
The Secretary does not tell us how much of
these one hundred and thirty-eight thousand four
hundred acres abandoned, or never settled, has
been sold since the actof June 15, 1844, or the
act of July 1, 1848; and yet, unless they have
been sold, and at $1 25 per acre, there is absolute-
ly nothing in his argument. The probability is
that every man has gone to the State of Florida
under the grant of swamp or overflowed lands.
I cite next the grants to actual settlers, or those
who might become actual settlers, in Oregon Ter-
ritory, embracing the present Territory of Wash-
ington as well as the State of Oregon. These are
contained in sections four and five of an act ap-
proved September 27,1850, Statutes at Large, vol-
ume nine, pages 497, 498. Those sections are in
these words:
<k Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further enacted, That there shall be,
and hereby is, granted to every white settler or occupant
of the public land.-*, American half-breed Indians included,
above the age of eighteen years, being a citizen of the
United States, or having made a declaration according to
law of his intention to become a citizen, or who shall
make such declaration on or befoie the 1st day of Decem-
ber, 1851, now lesiding in said Territory, or who shall be-
come a resident thereof on or before the 1st day of Decem-
ber, 1850, and who shall have resided upon and cultivated
the same for four consecutive years, and shall otherwise
conform to the piovisions of this act, the quantity of one
half section, or three hundred and twenty acres of land, if
a single man, and if a married man, or if he shall become
married within one year from the 1st day of December,
1850, the quantity of one section, or six hundred and lorty
acres, one half to himself and the other half to his wife,"to
be held by her in her own right; and the surveyor general
shall designate the part inuring to the husband and that to
the wife, and enter the same on the records of his office;
