88
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 24,
36'iii Cong.... 1st Sess.
Invasion of States—Mr. Toombs.
Senate.
racy had control of these Halls of legislation, and
what was their course then upon this particular
subject? In every instance when a request was
made for the investigation of official conduct, the
desired committee was granted; and in most cases,
if I recollect aright, a majority of Oppositionists
was put on such committees.
This was done, I believe, at one time at least,
when Mr. Sherman moved an investigation. With
jvhat propriety, then, is it that members of the
Republican party plant themselves on this un-
supported, empty pretense ? What point is there
in their assumption that their candidate should be
elected.Speaker in order to the investigation of
frauds and corruption ? The most certain mode
of securing such investigations is to place the con-
trol of this House in Democratic hands; for then,
if frauds be covered up, if corruption be hidden,
the unanimous outcry of an indignant people
would hurl down the men who would descend to
such infamy.
The Republican candidate alludes to the neces-
sity which rests upon him to remain silent in ref-
erence to the anti-Helper resolution of the gentle-
man from Missouri. He says that that resolution
implies a direct personal censure on himself, and
therefore his lips are sealed, therefore his hands
are tied, and silence forced upon him against his
will. Why, sir, that is a most remarkable atti-
tude for any gentleman to confess himself occu-
pying. A man is charged here with the advocacy
and indorsement of doctrines destructive to our
Government, and to society itself; he is charged,
in fact, with whetting the knife of the assassin,
and lighting the torch of the incendiary, and lie
gets up and says, in the face of an inquiring world,
that he has no answer to make until the inquiry
is withdrawn. What propriety, what consist-
ency, what weight or force is there in any such
position ? .
I never yet, though my experience as a legal
practitioner has been brief, have been cognizant
of a case where an indictment was quashed or
withdrawn upon arbitrary demand of the defend-
ant, to the end that he might explain his past
course. Therefore, I am glad to hear the gentle-
marf from Missouri [Mr. Clark] say that he will
not, under any circumstances, withdraw his reso-
lution. The onus of explanation is upon the mem-
ber from Ohio. Ho owes it not only to himself,
but to us upon this floor, of whatever party, and
to the country, to get up at once and show that
he is a man of brave impulses and patriotic feel-
ing, by repudiating and spitting upon that foul and
infamous book of Helper.
INVASION OF STATES.
SPEECH OF HON.llOBERT TOOMBS.
OP GEORGIA,
In the Senate, January 24, 1860.
The Senate having under consideration the resolution
offered by Mr. Douglas, directing the Judiciary Commit-
tee to report a bill for the protection of each State and Ter-
ritory against invasion by the authorities anil inhabitants
of every other State and Territory—
Mr. TOOMBS said:
Mr. President and Senators : The legislation
proposed by the resolution on your table opens a
new pa^c m the history of our country. Such
legislation clearly falls within the constitutional
powers of Congress, and is a step in the right di-
rection. I accept it as an effort to enable the Fed-
eral Government to perform its duty on this sub-
ject by preserving peace among these confederate
States. J3ut,sir,I fear that the disease lies too deep
for the remedy. Butitis suggestive, and furnishes
a stand-point from which we may well survey the
state of the Republic—its past, its present, and its
future. Hitherto this Government has been en-
abled to grapple with and surmount all the diffi-
culties, foreign or domestic, which have impeded
its course or threatened its safety. Indeed, before
the adoption of the present Constitution, in fact,
before the adoption of any Federal Government
whatever, the spirit of nationality, a common inter-
est, a common danger, carried the country nearly
through the war of the Revolution. The Articles
of Confederation were adopted by all the States,
and were not legally binding on any State until the
1st March, 1781, which was within eight months
of the brilliant termination of hostilities at York-
town. Very soon after the organization of our ex-
isting Government, fierce and earnest party strug-
gles began; men's passions were deeply aroused;
but none felt that the State was in danger. They
were then mere party questions; men then divided
on the policy of Jay's treaty, alien and sedition
laws, acquisition of new territory, the embargo,
war with Great Britain, French alliance, tariffs,
currency, and internal improvements by the Fed-
eral Government. Some of these questions were
of deep importance to society. Some of them rose
to'the dignity of constitutional questions; but none
of theminvolved the existenceorpermanentsafcty
of society; and when submitted to the arbitrament
of the ballot-box, all men submitted quietly to the
result, because the fundamental principles of the
social fabric were not alFected by the result.
Now, all this has changed. The feeling of
hationality, of loyalty to the State, the feeling of
a common interest and a common destiny, upon
which foundations alone society can securely and
permanently rest, is gradually but rapidly pass-
ing away. Hostility to the compact of Union,
to the tie which binds us together, animates the
bosoms and finds utterance in the tongues of mil-
lions of our countrymen, and leads to the habitual
disregard of its plainest duties and obligations.
Large bodies of men now feel and know that
party success involves public danger, that the
result may bring us face to face with revolution.
Senators, we all feel it in this Chamber; we hear
it proclaimed here every day; we hear it proclaimed
daily in the other branch of Congress; we hear it
from State Legislatures, from the pulpit and the
press, and from popular assemblies throughout
the length and breadth of this broad land. Im-
potent threats, such as were made yesterday by
the Senator from Maine, will not arrest its onward
march. Idle gasconade, such as was used by the
Senator from Iowa and, I think, by the Senator
from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,] and their asso-
ciates in this and the other House of Congress,
to put it down by the strong arms of their con-
stituents, will not arrest its steady advance. I
would only suggest to them that it may be wise
to reserve their boastings until they are returning
from the battle—Divine wisdom cautions even
the brave against using them in going into battle.
The public danger can only be averted by the
removal of its real causes.
These causes aie plain,palpable,apparent to the
lowest comprehension. The fundamental princi-
ples of the system of our social Union are assailed,
invaded, and threatened with destruction; ouran-
cient rights and liberties arc in danger; the peace
and tranquillity of our homes have been invaded
by lawless violence, and their further invasion is
imminent; the instmctof self-preservation arouses
society to their defense. These are the causes
which are undermining, and which, if not soon
arrested, will overthrow the Republic. The ef-
fect of this state of public affairs is so well por-
trayed by an eminent English writer, that I will
take the liberty of quoting a paragraph from lum.
I read from Mr. Mill, on the Logic of the Moral
Sciences, page 582:
" The second condition of permanent political society lias
been found to be the existence, in some torm or other, of
the feeling of loyalty. This feeling may v;hy m its objects,
and is not confined to any paiticular form of government;
but whether in a democracy or in a monarchy, its essence
is always the same; namely, that there he 111 the constitution
of the State something which is settled, something peuna-
ncnt and not to be called in question ; something whifh,
by general agreement, has a right to be whete it is and to
be secure against disturbance, whatever eKe mav change."
*<••*•* <• A rtt ite never is, nor until mankind
are vastly improved can hope to be, for any Jons tune ex-
empt fiom internal dissension; for there neither is nor has
ever been any state of society in which collisions did not
occur between the immediate interests and passion* of
powerful sections of the people. What, then, enables so-
ciety to weather these storms and pass through turbulent
times without any permanent weakening of the ties which
hold it together? Precisely this—that, however important
the interests about which men fall out, the conflict docs
not affect the fundamental principles of the system of social
union which happens to cxUt; noi threaten large poitions
of the community with the subversion of that on which
they have built their calculations, and with which their
hopes and aims have become identified. Cut when the
i! questioning of these fundamental principles is (not an occa-
ji sional disease, but) the habitual condition of the body pol-
itie; and when all the violent animosities aie called forth.
!' which spring naturally from such a situation, the State i 
j I virtually m a position of civil wai, and can never long re •
I j main fiee from it in act and fact.'1
!! That, sir, is our condition to-day. "We arc
virtually in civil war, and these are the causes of
it. It is known and felt on this floor. I feel and
know that a large body of these Senators are ene-
mies of my country. I know they and their asso-
ciates have used the power which has been placed
in their hands by many of the States, to assail and
destroy the institutions of these confederate States.
I know that under color of the liberty of speech,
even in these Halls, day by day, and year after
year, they have thundered their denunciations
against slavery and slaveholders, against confed-
erates and their institutions, and thus seek to
apply the torch to our homesteads, and to deso-
late our land with servile and internecine war.
Sir, the present state of things is no longer com-
patible with our security nor our honor. We
demand peace or war. We prefer peace; we have
sought it through peaceful channels; but though
the road to it shall lead through war, we intend
to have it.
We do not charge these wrongs against the
Federal Government. There has been no time,
since its establishment, when it has been truer to
its obligations, more faithful to the Constitution,
than within the last seven years. Its executive
and judicial departments have firmly maintained
the fundamental law in relation to these great
questions; and the legislative department has ap-
proximated the same standard nearer than at any
other period of our history within the last forty
years. And it is becausc of this fidelity to its
duty that it is habitually denounced by a coali-
tion in this country, which is seeking to control
it, with intent to make it subservient to their
treacherous purposes. It is the duty of all patri-
otic citizens to uphold it, and protect it against
such prostitution. I speak to no man as a parti-
san. I feel but small concern about mere party
success. These questions rise far above so igno-
ble a standard. I would that all good men, of
every party, would unite and rally around the
Constitution, and defend this last bulwark of na-
tional safety against these public enemies.
These public enemiesare Abolitionists who have
formed a coalition with all the waifs/nd strays—
deserters of all former political parties—and the
better to conceal their real purposes/have assumed
the name of the Republican party This coalition
has but one living, animating principle or bond
of union, and that is hatred of the people and in-
stitutions of the slaveholdmg States of this Union.
This coalition has evinced, by its acts, its decla-
rations, a fixed and determined purpose, in spite
of the Constitution, in spite of their own solemn
engagements to obe}' and maintain it, and in spite
of all the obligations which rest on every member
of every civilized State, to limit, to restrain, and
finally to subvert, the institutions of fifteen States
of the Union.
Sir, I know these are strong charges; I have
notmade them hghtly. I speak in sorrow, not in
anger; I make them with pain, not pleasure. I
feel it a duty I owe to my country, to my whole
country, to speak the truth plainly, that the peo-
ple may know and perchance avert the public
calamity. I feel deeply the obligation whTch rests
upon mo to sustain them by clear and irrefragable
proofs before the Senate, the country, and the
civilized world; to that duty I now proceed.
I charge, first, that this organization has an-
nulled and made of none effect a fundamental
principle of the Constitution of the United States
m many of the States of this Union, and have en-
deavored, and are endeavoring, to accomplish the
same result in all the non-slaveholding States.
Secondly. I charge them with openly attempt-
ing to deprive the people of the slaveholding States
of their equal enjoyment of, nrul equal rights in,
the common territories of the United States, as ex-
pounded by the Supreme Court, and of seeking to
get the control of the Federal Government, with
the intent to enable them to accomplish this result
by the overthrow of the Federal judiciary.
Thirdly. I charge that large numbers of per-
sons belonging to this organization are daily com-
muting offenses against the people and property
of these confederate States, which, by the laws of
nations, are good and sufficient causes of war even
among independent States, and Governors and
Legislatures of Stated, elected by them, have re-
peatedly committed similar acts.
Now, for these causcs, I maintain that this co-
