2474
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 30,
The yeas and nays were ordered; and, being
taken, resulted—yeas 12, nays 36; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bragg, Clingman, Gvvin, Hunter, Ivcr-
son, Johnson of Tennessee, Mason, Pearcc$ Polk, Sauls-
bury, Sebastian, and Toombs—12.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Benjamin, Bigler, Bright,
Brown, Chandler, Chesnut, Clark, Collamer, Crittenden,
Davis, Dixon. Durkee, Fessenden, Fitch, Fitzpatrick, Fos-
ter, Gteui, Games, Hale, Harlan, Hemphill, Kennedy,
Kin}?, Lane, Latham, Pugh, Rice, Seward, Simmons, Ten
Eyck, Tiumbuli. Wade, Wigfali, Wilkinson, and Wilson
—36.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. GRIMES. I beg leave to offer an amend-
ment to the amendment of the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, to add at the end of it:
ProDided, That all moneys paid under this act shall be
paid to the person or persons rendering the services or
furnishing the supplies, and not to his or their assignee or
assignees
Mr. DAVIS. If that is not the effect of the
bill as it stands, I have no objection to the
amendment. The Senator will perceive that, in
the substitute which the committee propose for
the bill referred to them, they strike out the wotds
contained in the original bill: "to the said parties
respectively, or to their legal representatives, or
to the assignees or attorneys duly constituted;"
so that it is considered now as it stands to require
that the money shall be paid to the parties them-
selves.
Mr. GRIMES. This will only furnish another
safeguard.
Mr. DAVIS. Very well; I have no objection
to it.
Mr. LANE. I am very willing to agree to it.
The amendment to the amendment way agreed
to.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I move to amend the
amendment of the committee, by striking out
" $3,000,000," in line twenty-four, and inserting
"$1,600,000."
Mr. DAVIS. That amountwould certainly be
insufficient on any basis that has ever been pre-
sented ; and 1 here take occasion to say to the Senate
that if this subject is ever sent back for reexam-
ination, on new testimony to be taken, I predict
that the amount will be increased. It is now
guarded, limited to so much as may be necessary,
and to be paid under all the restrictions of the
eleventh section of the act of the 18th of August,
1856, and under a subsequent restriction whi< h
does not allow them to pay more for any supplies
than was paid for supplies furnished at the same
time and place for the regulai Army. 1 believe
it is sufficiently guarded.
Mr. POLK. I ask the Senator right here, why
limit them to the highest rale (hat was paid?
Mr. DAVIS. For the simple reason that we
did not allow any fancy prices to be paid. We
could not say the lowest price, because the lowest
might be at some place and under some circum-
stances favorable to purchase at a cheap price,
whilst these were purchased where the articles
had a higher value. The regular service having
money, and having piudentand skillful officers,
we supposed did not pay exorbitant prices. If it
appears that they contracted for less, less will he
paid. If they contracted for more than the high-
est price paid by the officers of the United States
Army under these circumstances, then the con-
tract falls by reducing it to the highest price paid
for (he regular Army.
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Committee on
Military Affairs as amended.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
The hill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
and was road the third time.
Mr. HALE. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HALE. I am called upon to record my
vote. I shall not occupy the attention of the Sen-
ate more than a minute and a half. I shall vote
against the bill; and amongst a number of other
reasons, one that will control my vote, and which
is sufficient for my vote here, is, that the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs propose in this bill, as I
understand, to pay something beyond half a mil-
lion dollars more than was reported by the Third
Auditor.
Mr. PUGH. As the votes are to be taken on
the record, 1 wish to say that I have not been able
to examine this claim at all, on account of illness
in my family during the greater part of the ses-
sion; but I have confidence in the Committee on
Military Affairs, and in the Auditor, on whose
report the committee have substantially acted.
Knowing that this claim must be paid to some
extent, 1 take their estimate of the quantities; and,
therefore, shall vote for the bill.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 31, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Benjamin, Biglcr, Bragg, Bright, Brown,
Chesnut, Clingman, Crittenden, Davi-s, Durkee, Fitch, Fitz •
patnek, Gre( n, Gwin, Hemphill, tverson, Johnson of Ar-
kansas, Kennedy, Lane, Latham, Mallory, Polk, Powell,
Pugh, Rico, Sebastian, Seward, Simmons, Toombs, Wig-
fall, and Wilson—31.
NAYS —Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, Fessenden,
Foster, Grimes, Hale, Hat lan, Ilunter, Johnson of Ten-
nessee, King, Mason, Peaiee, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wade,
and Wilkinson—17.
So the bill waspassed; and the title was amended
so as to read: * 'A bill to provide for the payment of
expenses incurred by the Territories of Wash-
ington and Oregon, m the suppression of Indian
hostilities therein, in the years 1855 and 1856."
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were severally read twice by their titles,
and referred as indicated below:
A bill (No. 12) concerning invalid pensions,
and regulating the time of their commencement—
to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 132) to remove the United States
arsenal from the city of St. Louis, and to provide
for the sale of the lands on which the same is lo-
cated—to the Committee on Military Affairs and
Militia.
I*0ST OFFICE DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. I now move to postpone the
prior orders and take up the Post Office appropri-
ation bill,so that wc may adjourn on it.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (II. R. No. 503) making fur-
ther appropriations for the service of the Post
Office Department during the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1860.
On motion of Mr. HUNTER, the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, Maxj 30, 1860.
The House mctat eleven o'clock,a.m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas II. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. BARRETT. 1 ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House for leave to have the bill in ref-
erence to the St. Louis arsenal brought before the
House.
Mr. THOMAS. I rise to a point of order. It
is manifest that there is no quorum present, and
I object to any business being transacted until we
do have a quorum. I move that there be a call
of the House.
Mr. BRABSON. I trust that the gentleman
will allow us to introduce one or two bills which
will give rise to no objection.
Mr. THOMAS. 1 must insist on my motion
that there shall be a call of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The Clerk proceeded to call the roll, and the fol-
lowing members failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. Thomas L.Anderson, Ashmore, Bonis, Bingham,
Blake, Bocock, Brown, Burioughs, Butterfield, Horace F.
Clatk, Clemens, Ciark B. Cochiane, John Cochrane, Conk-
ling, Corvvin, Covode, Cox, Reuben Davis, Dawes, Dim-
nnck, Ely, English, Florence, Frank. Garnett,Gooch, Hale,
Hamilton, Hawkins, Ilclmick, Hindman, Hughes, Hum-
phrey, Jenkins, Kent, Kenyon, Kilgore, Larrabee, Leake,
Longneoker, Love, Marston, Charles 13. Martin, Elbert S.
Martin, McClernand, McRae, Miles, Millward, Montgom-
ery, Edward Joy Morns, Isaac N. Moiris, Morse, Olm,
Palmer, Porter, Pryor, Itice, James C. Robinson, Rust,
Scott, Scranton, Sedgwick, Sickles, Simms, Singleton,
William N. II. Smith, Somes, Spinner, Stallworth, Ste-
venson, James A. Stewart, Stout, Tappan, Taylor, Train,
Underwood, Van Wyok, Waldron, Cadwalader C. Wash-
burn, Israel Washburn, Wilson, Wmslow, and Woodson.
During the call,
Mr. FRENCH stated that his colleague, Mr.
Morse, was still confined to his room by illness.
Mr. BURCH stated that his colleague, Mr.
Scott, was still detained from the House by se-
vere indisposition.
Mr. THOMAS. I understand that there is
more than a quorum present, and I move that all
further proceedings under the call be dispensed
with.
The motion was agreed to.
ST. LOUIS ARSENAL.
Mr. BARRETT. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union be discharged
from the further consideration of House bill No.
132, to remove the United States arsenal from the
city of St. Louis, and to esfablish the same, to-
gether with a national armory, at Jefferson Bar-
racks.
When I made the request some time ago, several
members objected. They have since investigated
the bill, and are willing to withdraw all further
objection. The bill has been unanimously re-
ported by the Committee on Military Affairs. It
is important that it should be taken up and passed,
for our people are in danger.
Mr. FENTON. If it will not give rise to de-
bate, I will not object.
Mr. BARRETT. It will not give rise to debate.
Mr. DELANO. It was in consequence of my
objection that the request made by the gentleman
was the other day denied. The bill relates to the
transfer of an arsenal from one place to another.
The original bill involved not merely a change in
the locality of the arsenal, but, in addition, the
establishment of an arsenal, with provisions cal-
culated to sustain and equip such an institution,
and calling for an enlarged outlay. I have ex-
amined the bill, ami am satisfied, now that it is
amended, that there is no objection to it.
Mr. FENTON. If the previous question be
not called on the bill, 1 must object.
There was no objection, and the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union was dis-
charged from the further consideration of the bill.
The bill was read in extenso. It authorizes and
directs the Secretary of War to proceed at once to
have the grounds now used for the purposes of
an arsenal, in the city of St. Louis, laid off into
blocks, according to the present plan of that por-
tion of the city, and to have the same subdivided
into lots of a convenient size for building pur-
poses, and subject the same to sale to the highest
bidder, at public vendue, on such terms as to him
may seem most advantageous, first giving sixty
days'notice by advertisement in at least three
newspapers, published in the city of St. Louis, of
the time, place, and terms of sale, with a descrip-
tion of the property to be sold; and also, that out
of the proceeds of such sale he shall cause to be
erected an arsenal and a national armory on the
military reserve known as " Jefferson Barracks,'
in the county of St. Louis and State of Missouri,
and shall cause all tools, implements, machinery,
and so forth, used at the St. Louis arsenal, to be
removed to said reservation, and there to be
erected such buildings, shops, and machinery as
may be deemed necessary for the safe-keeping and
manufacture of arms and munitions of the United
States.
The amendment of the Committee on Military
Affairs was read, as follows:
Strike out section second, and insert:
Sec. 2. lie it fin Iher enacted by the authority aforesaid,
That the Secretary of War be, and hereby is, authorized to
cause the business heretofore carried on at said St. Louis
arsenal to be transterred to the military reservation known
as "Jefferson Barracks," in the county of St. Louis and
State of Missouri, and also to cause all the tools, imple-
ment', machinery, and materials now at said arsenal to be
removed to said reseivation.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
The title of the bill was then amended, to read
as follows:
A bill to remove the United States arsenal from
the city of St. Louis, and to provide for the sale
of the lands on which the same is located.
Mr. BARRETT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Hickey, their Chief Clerk, announcing that
