m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 24,
"36th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
Invasion of States—-Mr. Toombs.
Senate.
Mr. TOOMBS. I will readthcmall: t£ Anact
for the defense-of liberty in this State," passed in
Connecticut, April, 1854 
Mr. FOSTER, it is the act, the title of which
he just read, to which I call his attention.
Mr. TOOMBS. You stopped mc before I got
through with the black list. The act passed in
1854, entitled "An act for the defense of liberty
in this State," to be found in your compilation
of 1854, page 978, is the most artfully contrived,
cunningly devised, the most fraudulent act of any
of tHose to which my attention has been drawn.
Many acts of your co-conspirators exceed it in
boldness; none in meanness and infamy. X have
already described it, and leave it to you to defend.
It does furtively and clandestinely what the New
York bill did openly. It did not require of its
supporters to gulp down wholesale perjury, like
the New York bill, but it did require tnem to do
the same thing in a more indirect manner. I have
not the Wisconsin and Iowa laws before me. I
am informed they are of the same character, pur-
pose, and intent. I will now show what was at-
tempted in New York.
Mr, COLLAMER. If the Senator will indulge
me a moment, I merely wish to ask him to give
me the dates of those acts of Vermont to which
he hag alluded.
Mr. TOOMBS. I do not wish to be interrupted.
I have referred to them all by date. I will attach
them to my speech. I have examined some of
them myself, and have had copies taken from
others, under my direction, by a competent per-
son.
Mr. COLLAMER. I merely asked the date
of them.
Mr. TOOMBS. I will give them to you with
pleasure when I have done, but I cannot go back
for that purpose.
Mr. President, I have charged those nets of per-
fidy upon these States—they are all proved by the
records; but I must stop here to do justice to large
numbers of patriotic men in those States who
struggled manfully to keep their faith with their
confederates. These things were almost wholly
done by the Republican party; but few of the
Americans, and none of the Democrats, as far as
1 know, aided or abetted these iniquities. Where
ever the Republicans have had power, notwith-
standing their sacred oaths to maintain the Con-
stitution, they have proved false to it, and have
perpetrated these crimes. In Indiana and Illinois,
in California and Oregon, they have never had
power; and the Constitution, by that fact alone,
has been preserved from desecration in those
States. The same has been true of Minnesota and
Pennsylvania and New Jersey. Even in States
where they have not political power, every man
knows, in the .sections of such States where they
have the majority, they accomplish by violence
what they cannot do bylaw. Theft and murder
are their ordinary means of defeating the Consti-
tution where they are not strong enough to pass
laws; and every man knows that the fugitive slave
law is a dead letter in the non-slaveholding States^
except where the Democrats have power, or are
• in the majority in the locality where it is attempted
to be enforced. In Ohio, the Black Republicans
passed similar laws, but the Democrats repealed
them; but I see that the Republican Governor has
recommended their reenactment.
Mr. WADE. I have no doubt they will rein-
state them at the first opportunity in Ohio.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have no doubt of it either.
They have showed themselves capable of any
violation of the Constitution of their country, and
they have shown that no oaths can bind them to
maintain the compact. I do not doubt it. I do
not doubt they will do it in every State where
they have the power, and I have no doubt they
will treat the Constitution in the same way if they
get power here; and for that reason I trust they
will never get it while there is a drop of blood in
a true heart from here to the Rio Grande. It is
because I know they will do it, it is because I
have demonstrated that they will do it, that I say
we are brought face to face with revolution in that
contingency. In New York, the Republican party,
at the last session of the Legislature, attempted to
pass a law, and did pass it through one branch,
exceeding; those: of her associates in this Union in
iniquity, in plain, open, shameless, and profligate
perfidy, as far as she exceeds'them in population
and wealth. I will thank ray colleague to read for
me the several sections I will indicate.
Mr. IVERSON read, as follows:
"Sec. 3. Whenever any person in this State slmlKbe de-
prived of liberty, arrested, or detained, on the ground that
such person owes service or labor to another person not an
inhabitant of this State, either pany may claim a trial by
jury, and shall have Uventy peiemptoiy challenges, and in
addition thereto the other challenges to which a person in-
dicted in this State is entitled.
" Sec. 4. Every person who shall deprive, or attempt to
deprive, any other person of his or her liberty, contrary to
the provisions of the preceding section of this act, shall be
guilty of a felony, and shall, on conviction thereof, be sub-
jected to a fine not exceeding five thousand dollars nor less
than one thousand dollars, and by imprisonment in the State
prison for a term not exceeding twenty yeais nor less than
five years: Provided, that nothing m said preceding sec-
tions shall apply to, or affect the right, to arrest orimprison
for any contempt of court.
"Sec. 6. IVvery peison who may have been held as a
slave, who shall coine or be biought, or be in this State
with the consent of his or her alleged master or mistress,
or ivho shall comc or be brought, or be in this State, shall be
free.
" Sec. 7. Every person who shall hold, or attempt t<a>
hold, in this Stale, in slavery, or a slave, oi any fiee per-. •'
son in any form, or for any time, however short, under the
pretense that such person is or ha* been a slave, shall, on
conviction thereof, be imprisoned in the State prison for a
term not less than five yeais noi more than twenty years,
and be fined not Ic.v than one thousand dollars, nor moie
than ten thousand dollars.
il Sec. 9. No person, while holding any office of honor,
trust, or emolument, under the laws of this State, shall in
any capacity lss ue augwarrant or other process, or grant any
certificate, under 01 by virtue of an act of the Congress of the
United States, appioved the 12th dav of Febiuaty, A. D.
1793, entitled ' An act respecting fugitives from justice and
persons escaping from the service of then m«tsteia,> or un-
der and by virtue of an act of ^aid Congress, approved the
18th day of September, A.d. 1800, entitled 'An act to amend
and supplementary to "An act respecting fugitives from
justice or persons escaping from the service of their mas-
or shall in any capacity serve any buch warrant or
other ptocess."
Mr. TOOMBS. That will answer. Those
sections give a fair sample of the bill. The bal-
ance of the clauses of this bill are of the same
character. You will perceive a citizen of a slave-
holding State could not cross over from the Jersey
shore to a British steamer lying on the New York
side of the North river, with his servant, without
being treated as a felon, and fined and imprisoned
in the penitentiary.
Mr. KING. If the Senator will excuse me, I
a«?k him if he will give me the date of the passage
of the law >
Mr. TOOMBS. I have already said it did not
become a law; it gives me great pleasure to 'an-
swer any question which may be asked in good
laith, and with the honest intent to get at a fact
or opinion; but courtesy is entitled to good faith.
The bill passed the House of Representatives of
New York, 84 to 20. It did not pass the Senate;
I do not find final action on it in that House; I
have heard outside of the record that the Black
Republican majority was small in that House—
probably not more than, two or three—and that
two of them refused to vote for a bill so clearly
and palpably violative of the Constitution of the
United States. But it answers the purpose for
which 1 want it as well, as it now stands, as it
would have done had it become a law. I am
showing the principles and policy of this party.
I am trying them by the votes tiiey have given
under oath, in their own Legislature. They are
representative men. As far as I have been able to
ascertain the party position of the names on the
record, the bill was voted for by the Republicans
in a body in the House, and voted against by
every Democrat on the record. This, I again re-
peat, does not appear on the record; and if 1 am
misinformed, I would like to be corrected.
Mr. KING. The manner in which the gentle-
man speaks of the disposition I had, is strange.
My disposition was simply to ascertain the fact,
lie states now that the bill passed one House and
did not pass the other.
Mr. TOOMBS. I said so at first. The Sen-
ator might not have heard me.
Mr.KING. I thought you spoke of itasalaw.
Mr. TOOMBS. No; I spoke of it as having
passed one House by a vote of 84 to 22. I spoke
from memory on that point. As to the party
position of the voters, I of course learn that from
outside sources; but I have no doubt of its sub-
stantial correctness. I understand* that, of the
affirmative vote, all belonged to one party—the
Republican party. They voted to annul both
laws, that of 1793 and that of 1830, by name. The
bill failed in the Senate; the party was not quite
strong enough there to consummate this iniquity.
It may be that the very able report of Mr. Diven
against it may hem* caused even srime Repub-
licans to pause inN^heir career of faithlessness
and perfidy.
Now, sir, I have shown you what has been
done on this question by these nine States under
Republican rule; what Ohio has done, and what ,
she^romises to do again—what her Senator [Mr.
Wade] says she will do. I have shown you what
the Republican party of New York voted to do;
and on this evidence I demand judgment of the
country, whether I have not fully sustained the
first charge I have made against them. I have
proved their utter disregard of their constitutional
obligations, and that it is their fixed policy, as a
party, to defeat that clause of the Constitution
which requires the rendition of fugitives from
labor. I do not say even that all persons belong-
ing to that organization have actively participated
in these high crimes and misdemeanors. Some
persons may be among them and not of them.
Even to such as these I would not be unjust. Let
them come out from among them, and enlist under
the banner of the Constitution. This organization
protests against being tried by the declarations of
individual men, by unauthorized persons, even in
political union with it. I admit the force of the
plea, and I sought and find their policy in their
united action, as indicated by the great majority
of the party acting in high official positions and
under tlie sanction of oaths.
I have not sought to bind them by the cry of
the mob; I have not gone to their pulpits, and
brought up against them the wild ravings and re-
vilings of their spiritual teachers, who every Sab-
bath desecrate the temples erected to the living
God. I have tried and convicted them by the rec-
ord. It has lately become the fashion with offi-
cial members of this party at the national capital
to disavow those who are imprudent in proclaim-
ing plainly their policy as radical Abolitionists.
They seek to discard this branch of the family.
I must expose their ingratitude as well as their in-
justice to these sappers and miners, the advance
guard of the Republican armies. There is a dif-
ference between the Republicans and this radical
school of Garrison and Phillips Abolitionists; but
the difference is in favor of the latter. The Gar-
rison and Phillips school say our Constitution is
pro-slavery, that it docs require the surrender of
fugitives from labor, therefore we can take no
oath to support it, and can vote for no man who
will take such oaths, cither to keep or break them.
This advance guard of the army boldly assaults
the Constitution itself. Their conduct in this re-
spect stands out in honorable contrast with their
allies who take oaths to support the Constitution,
and then break them.
Si)1, I have said this was not a new principle
introduced into our Constitution. The Constitu-
tion but affirmed a great principle which civilized
society had for more than twenty centuries found
necessary to its peace and security. I have shown
that it was inserted in the ordinance of 1787, be-
fore the Constitution was adopted. I have shown
that the New England confederation adopted it in
1043. The supreme judicial tribunal of Prussia
affirmed it as the public law of Europe as late as
1855 or 1856. It was acknowledged to be a sound
principle of public law in the days of Pericles, and
its violation by one of the States of Greece was
the chief cause of the Peloponncsian war, which
devastated Greece for twenty-one years. I ask the
favor of my colleague to read from Thucydides
the passages which I have marked.
Mr. IVERSON read, as follows:
Afte1* this, they <erit embassadors again to Athens, com-
manding them to levy the siege trom before Pond® and to
suffer/Egma to beficc; but principally, and most plainly
telling them that the war should not be made in ca&e they
would abrogate the act concerning the Megareans. By
which act they were foibidden both the fairs of Attica and
all poits withm the Athenian dominion. But the Athenians
would not obey them, neither in the rest of their commands
nor in the abiogation of that act; hut recriminated the Me-
gaieanstoi having tilled holy ground, and unset out with
bound-., and for receiving of their slaves that revolted. But
at length. when the last embassadors from Laeedemon were
arrived, namely: Rhamphias, Mele ippus, and Agesander,
and spake nothing of that which formeily they were wont,
but only this, that 4 the Lacedemonians* desire that there
