512
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18.
Mr. STOUT. I appeal to the gentleman from
Kentucky to withdraw his objection. The ques-
tion has been propounded to northwestern Dem-
ocrats whether they favor a congressional slave
code for the Territories, and if we sit here with-
out an answer, it will bo considered that wo are
unwilling to let our opinions bo known.
Mr. McRAE. I have tlie lloor, and I do not
intend to give it up.
Mr. BURNETT. I insist that there shall be
no farming- out of the floor.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. Let me ask a ques-
tion.
Mr. McRAE. No, sir.
Mr. STANTON. Will the Clerk see that gen-
tlemen are seated? We cannot hear what is going
on.
The CLERK. Gentlemen will take their seats
and come to order.
Order being restored,
Mr. McRAE continued. Now, Mr. Clerk, all
I want is simply that the northwestern Demo-
crats, as they arc called, may have an opportu-
nity to be heard m reference to their position,
through my friend, Mr. Cox, of Ohio, and when
that is done, I will concludc the remarks I have
to make.
Mr. BURNETT. I rise to a question of order.
My question of order is, that the gentleman from
Mississippi has no right, without the general con-
sent of this House, to yield the floor to the gentle-
man from Ohio, or to any other gentleman upon
this floor.
Mr. McRAE. I put tins question to the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, whether he has not re-
peatedly, and whethui every other gentleman upon
this floor has not repeatedly, yielded the floor to
other gentlemen, and allowed them to make ex-
planations?
Mr. BURNETT. Rut it has been by general
consent always.
Mr. McRAE, My purpose was to bring to a
conclusion this matter between the gentleman
from New York and myself, and, the Democratic
party. The gentleman's own friends objected to
my answering for the northwestern Democrats.
{ did not want to answer for them. They wanted
to be heard in their own right, and 1 prefer they
should be hoard in their own right; hut as 1 am a
man of order, and as I know it is entirely out of
order for any gentleman to interrupt another gen-
tleman upon the floor, and as I have never done
it, I now yield the floor entirely to the gentleman
from Arkansas, [Mr. Hindman.]
Mr. HINDMAN obtained the floor.
Mr. BURNETT. 1 now ask the gentleman
from Arkansas to yield for a motion to adjourn.
Mr. IIINDMAN. Bo far as I am concerned,
I would with pleasure yield to the gentleman from
Kentucky for a motion to adjourn, but the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr Cox] is desirous to make a
response to the question addressed to the north-
western Democrats.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask my colleague [Mr. Cox]
not to attempt, upon this floor, to define my po-
sition. i ask that privilege myself. I want, to
define my own position m my own way, with-
out any cross-examination upon the part of any
gentleman upon this floor. 1 do not wish any
other gentleman to do it for me. I wish, when
the time comes, to make my own speech and to
define the position T occupy m my own language
and in my own way, and I do not wish any other
gentleman to do it for me.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to say—[cries of
" Order!"] I have the right to rise to a question
of order.
Mr. COX. I have the floor.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman misappre-
hended my purpose altogether. It was not to pre-
vent the gentleman from Ohio from speaking; I
have no objection to hearing him, or any other
gentleman, but my object was to prevent what I
regarded as taking the floor from the gentleman
from Arkansas in an unfair manner. If he is rec-
ognized, I have no objection to his yielding the
ifloor to any gentleman he desires to.
Mr. HINDMAN. I yield to the gentleman
from Ohio.
Mr. COX. I am much obliged to the gentle-
man from Arkansas. I would not have takenone
tithe of the time which has been taken up by this
discussion, if I had been permitted to respond to
the question of the gentleman from New York.
I wish to speak now fo'r myself, and for the De-
mocracy of the State of Ohio, which has recently
been assembled in convention, in Columbus. X
do not speak for my colleague, [Mr. Howard,]
nor for any gentlemen of my party from the
Northwest. I shall simply give the expression
of the Democracy of my State. I wish simply to
have read, in response to what was said by the
gentlemen upon the other side, the-resolutions
passed by that State convention as a full and com-
plete answer to all their interrogatories. I ask
the Clerk now to read those lesolutions.
The Clerk read as follows:
" Resolved, That the Democracy of Ohio, through their
delegates, in convention assembled, do rcaffiim theii cordial
approval of, and thuii unfaltering determination to abide
by and maintain the entire platform of principles declared
by the national convention at Cincinnati, in June, 1856.
''Resolved, That the piinciples of absolute and unqual-
ified ' non-intervention by Congress with slavery in the
States and Taritoricsiccognizcd in the compromise
measures of 1850, distinctly enunciated in the Kansas-Ne-
braska bill of 1854, ancl foimally proclaimed at Cincinnati,
vps unequivocally appioved by all who advocated or voted
for these measmos, and solemnly ratified by the people in
the presidential election of 1856; that to it the Democratic
party i^ committed by eveiy sentiment of honor and good
l.iitli, and the Democracy of Ohio can never assent to its
abandonment, modification, or avoidance."
Mr. COX. Now, I wish to call especial atten-
tion to the following resolution:
" Resolved, That the organized Territories of the United
States are only held m the territorial condition until they
attain a sufficient population to authorize their admission
into the Union of States, and aio therefore justly entitled
to the right of self-government and the undisturbed regula-
tion of their domestic and local afiaus, subject only to such
icbfiiction-s and disabilities as ate imposed by the Federal
Constitution ; and in this way only. ' m accordance with
piinciplcs as ancient as free government itself, can the
people of a Temtoiy, like those of a State, decide whether
slavery shall oi eliall not exi^t within their limits;' nevet-
thelCiS, we concede that the inea:<uie of constitutional le-
stnction m re^pfct to slavery in any degree resting upon the
Tcrutori.il Legislature, i* a judicial question, and when-
ever it shall hereafter he propei ly presented for adjudication,
and finally determined by that tribunal, its decision will be
obligatory on the people*of the United States."
Many Members Read the last resolution
over again.
The Clerk read the last resolution again.
Mr. CARTER. I want all the resolutions of
that convention read.
Mr. COX. Tho.se are all the resolutions which
relate to this matter. The rest condemn insur-
rection and certain obnoxious Republican State
legislation as to slavery.
Now, Mr. Clerk,! recollect very well that dur-
ing the last Congress the gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Washburn] observed that the Republican
party might well copy the well-established cus-
tom of the Democracy, who never went into a
contest without a definite, and, if I may so speak,
crystallized expression of their principles and pol-
icy, in a platform emanating from a convention
of then- pnrty. We have, in Ohio,recently given
such a clear expression. I say here further, in
response to what has been said by gentlemen
about cheating in platforms, that I believe it is an
impeachment of the sincerity and intelligence of
the men who made the Cincinnati platform, and
who helped to pass the Kansas-Nebraska bills,
and of the men who affirmed them in the Cin-
cinnati platform in 1856, to say there is any am-
biguity as to its expression in favor of non-
intervention by Congress to protect slavery in the
Territories. The Democracy of the State I have
the honor in part to represent, have crystallized
their doctrine upon that subject in these resolu-
tions; and I submit to this House, especially the
South American portion of it, who are disposed
to sneer at northwestern Democrats as " squatter
sovereigns," and who hu\e declared that they
could not for that reason vote for one for Speaker,
this exposition of Democratic principles, as we
interpri t them in Ohio.
Mr. Clerk, a gentleman from the South Amer-
ican side of the House, the other day, approached
me with the question, why it was that 1 did not
vote for one of them ? I did not wish to enter into
any discussion with those gentlemen. It was not
sought by me. Among other reasons which I gave
to the gentleman from Georgia, I said that [ be-
lieved there was a closer affinity of principle be-
tween the South Americans and the Republicans
on this question of intervention by Congress, than
between the Democracy and the Republicans.
And, sir, I gave at that time the reason that has
been to-day confirmed. Every American who has
spoken, but one, [Mr. Etheridge,] has deciared
in favor of congressional action with reference to
slavery in the Territories. That reason was this:
that whereas the Republicans are in fevor of bring-
ing that subject into Congress, in order to prohibit
slavery in the Territories—believing that the Con-
stitution gives the right to do so—our South Amer-
ican friends, with almost perfect unanimity, say
that Congress should take cognizance of that mat-
ter, to establish and protect slavery in the Terri-
tories.
Mr. HILL. Will the gentleman let me ask
him a question ?
Mr, COX. No, sir; not now. I understand
this thing.
Mr. LAMAR. I want the gentleman to name
one single individual who is m favor of Congress
intervening to establish slavery in the Territories.
Mr. COX. I am not talking to the Democratic
side of the House. I am talking about the South
Americans.
Mr. LAMAR. And I am talking about the rep-
resentatives of the southern people.
Mr. HARDEMAN. The southern Opposi-
tion party in Georgia take the position that Con-
gress has no right to establish orprohibit slavery
m the Territories; but that the Territories being
common property we have a right to carry our
slaves there, and it is the duty of Congress to pro-
tect us in the enjoyment of that right.
Mr. COX. Then 1 take back the word "estab-
lish;" but I remember in the discussion the other
day 
Mr. HARDEMAN. Then do not confine your
remarks to the South Americans, for I stand with
the Georgia Democracy.
Mr. COX. I understand what I am at. I say
it, with emphasis, that the northwestern Democ-
racy have no affiliation with any man, or set of
men, who hold to the doctrine of " intervention
by Congress with slavery in the States and Ter-
ritories."
Mr. HARDEMAN. Then the northwestern
Democracy have no affiliation with the Georgia
Democracy; and 1, for one, am glad to proclaim
it in the House, for the Georgia Democracy know
their rights, and intend to maintain them.
Mr. COX. The gentleman is an American,and
has no right to speak for the Georgia Democracy.
Besides, the gentleman talks in my speech with-
out asking my consent and without having my
permission to do so.
If the gentleman speaks for the Democracy of
Georgia, very well. But J say that the north-
western Democracy stand on the Cincinnati plat-
form. In Ohio we have given our interpretation
of it in our State platform, and that platform says,
non-intervention by Congress with regard ta the
subject of slavery. 1 care not whether it comes
in the shape of protection or in any other form.
If slaves are property, and if that property is to be
protected in the Territories, let the courts, when
they come to decide upon that matter, give protec-
tion if they can to that sort of property. The con-
stitutional restriction on territorial legislation is a
judicial question. When decidcd by the courts, we
bow to the decision. But when gentlemen seek to
elevate slave property into something more sacred
than other kinds of property, and claim for its pro-
tection congressional action here, and thus bring
this exciting subject before Congress, they place it
oil an eminence so high that it will, like other ob-
jects unduly elevated, catch the strongest tempest.
Mr. STOUT. Will the gentleman yield to me
for a moment?
Mr. COX. Certainly.
Mr. STOUT. I wish to say simply that the
gentleman from Ohio docs not, in all respects, rep-
resent rny opinions with regard to this question;
and when he speaks for the northwestern Democ-
racy, I apprehend that I can be termed as far in
the Northwest as any othermcmber here. [Laugh-
ter.] He does not, in every respect, speak my
sentiments. I do not fully indorse the doctrine
of the last resolution that has been read, as part of
the platform of the Democratic party of Ohio. I
do not, however, at this time, attempt to present
my views on this question before the House. I
contcnd that this is not the time for the discus-
sion of this question; and I contend that the time
of the House has thus far been, to a great ex-
tent, unprofitably occupied in this discussion. I
will not myself go into a discussion of these prin-
ciples now; but when we shall have organized,
then the members of the House and the country
