2476
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 30,
Davis, Duell, Edwards, Ehot, Ely, English, Etheridge,
i-'arnsworlft, Fenton, Florence, Fostei, Fouke, Frank,
Frcneh, Gilmer, Graham, Grow, Gurley, Hall, J. Morrison
Harris, Ilaskin, Helmick, Hickman, Ilolinan, William
Howard, William A. Howard, Irvine, Junkin, Francis W.
Kellogg, William Kellogg, Kilgore, Killinger, DeWitt C.
Leach, James M. Leacli, Lee, Lovejoy, Mar:,ton, May-
nard, McPlierson, Moorhead, Edward Joy Morns, Isaac N.
Morris, Nelson, Nixon, Perry, Pettit, Potter, Pottle, Rice,
Christopher Itobinson, Royee, Schwartz, Stevens, Stokes,
Stratton,Tappan, Theaker, Tompkins, Van Wyck, Verree,
Waldion, Walton, Elliliu B. Washbume, Isiael Wash-
burn, Webster, Wells, Windom, and Wood—89.
NAYS — Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Alley, Ashley,
Avery, Batksdale, Barr, Bonham, Booligny, Coyce,
Branch, Burch, Burnett, Carey, John B. Cla-k, Clopton,
Cobb, John Cochianc, Corwin, James Craig, Burton Craige,
Crawford, Curry, Davidson, John G. Davis, De Jamette,
Delano, Dunn, Edmundson, Feny, Gartrell, Gooch, Har-
deman, John 1'. Harris, Hatton, Hill, Hoard, Houston,
Hughes, Hutehms, Jackson, Jenkins, Jones, Kunkei, Lan-
drum, Larrabee, Logan, Love, Maclay, Mallory, McKean,
McQueen, Montgomery, Laban T. Moore, Niblack,Noell,
Pendleton, Peyton, Phelps, L'ryor, Pugh, (iuarles, Reagan,
Reynolds, Rlggs, James C. Robinson, Ruflin, Sherman,
William Smith, William N. H. Smith, Spinner, Stallvvorth,
Stanton, James A. Stewart, Thayer, Thomas, Train, Trim-
ble, Underwood, Vallandigham, Vance, Vandever, WlilLe-
ley, Winslovv. Woodruff, Woodaon, and Wright—86.
So the main question was ordered.
During the vote,
Mr.DELANO. Asl have an amendment which
I would like to offer, and which I regard as ne-
cessary to perfect this bill, and as I have had no
opportunity to offer it, I must vote " no."
Mr. ENGLISH. 1 understand that the pair
which I made with Mr. Pottle, before leaving
the city, was transferred by the consent of friends
to Mr. Palmer. That pair is now withdrawn,
by the consent of Mr. Palmer's friends, and I
vote "ay."
Mr. CAMPBELL stated that his colleague,
Mr. Scranton, was paired with Mr. Clark, oi'
New York, on the pending bill.
Mr. SPINNER stated that Mr. Conkling had
paired from to-day till the 18th of June, withMr.
Anderson, of Missouri.
Mr. LONGNECKER stated that Mr. Stew-
art, of Pennsylvania, was paired, for to-day,
with Mr. Montgomert.
Mr. McKEAN said that, in order that one
amendment might be offered to the bill, he voted
'• no."
Mr. FLORENCE said: My inclination is, be-
cause of the fairness of the proposition, to have it
debated; but I must follow the leader. I am on
the committee winch reported this bill, and I know
that it is just.
Mr. BRANCH. I object to debate.
Mr. FLORENCE. Then 1 have to vote "ay."
I think, however, tlmt the bill ought to he de-
bated, because! think discussion would strength-
Mr. FENTON stated that Mr. Kenton had
paired with Mr. Hindman.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I call for the spe-
cial order.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has not
yet expiied.
Mr. FENTON. I will occupy but a moment
of time in answering the objections of some gen-
tlemen who are disposed to object to this bill.
Mr. CRAWFORD, t desire to ask the gen-
tleman who reported this bill to allow the report
to be read.
Mr. FENTON. The report contains no more
than J will say in substance during my brief re-
marks. According to the statement of the Com-
missioner of Pensions, (sec report of Secretary of
the Interior, first session Thirty-Sixth Congress,
page 102) there are forty-eight hundred and sixty-
one Army invalids now on the pension rolls of
the United States, and three hundred and seventy-
five Navy invalids; making in all fifty-two hun-
dred and thirty-six. It is well known to gentle-
men that all, or nearly all, persons who are on the
pension rolls as Navy invalids, are drawing their
pensions from the date of their disabilities m the
service. It is only those who are pensioned as
Army invalids in regard to whom this inequality
exists. Those of the war of 1812 were placed on
the rolls agreeable to the practice of the Govern-
ment during its early wars, and especially under
the acts of 1811-12. These acts were sufficient
to govern the Commissioner of Pensions down to
1822, on the applications for pensions of those
who were disabled in the military service of our
country from the date of their disabilities or
wounds, according to the nature and degree of
the disability. From about that time the practice
of the Pension department was changed without
authority of law, in my judgment, and in viola-
tion of the fair contract between the Government
and these men at the time they entered the ser-
vice; and in support of this view of the unwar-
ranted action of the Pension department towards
these brave men, who had become crippled and
maimed and mangled in upholding the standard
and vindicating the honor of our country in the
war of 1812, I beg to refer gentlemen to the opin-
ion of Attorney General Butler, in 1835.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Will the gentleman from
New York allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Has the morning hour ex-
pired ?
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has ex-
pired.
Mr. SHEPvMAN. Then I move that the House
proceed to the business on the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. As the main question has
been ordered, it is the opinion of the Chair that
the House must first dispose of this business.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from New York if he has made a calcu-
lation as to how much it will be necessary to
appropriate in the event this bill should pass and
become a law ?
Mr. FENTON. If the gentleman will allow
me, I will state it. I was coming to that point
when interrupted. According to the calculation
and estimate (not officially given) of the late Com-
missioner of Pensions, Judge Waldo, of Connec-
ticut, there would be, of those fifty-two hundred
and thirty-six, thirty-four hundred and ninety-
one who would bo entitled to the benefits of the
provisions of this bill, and the estimated average
amount would be $500 to an individual, making
$1,745,500 in round numbers. It will be recol-
lected by gentlemen that, allhough some of these
persons may go back for twenty years, or even
more than this in some instances, others would
only go back a few months or a few years, so
that the amount of $500 to an individual may be
considered a very liberal estimate indeed. It is
so much so that the present chief clerk of the
Commissioner of Pensions, Mr. Robb, who has
been in the department over twenty years, I be-
lieve, said to me a few mornings since, from his
best judgement, the number entitled under this
act, who were in the war of 1812, would not ex-
ceed two thousand, and he did not believe the
average amount to each individual would be
over live hundred and fifty dollais, thus making
This question will come
I, therefore, insist on my
SI,100,000.
Mr. SHERMAN.
up again to-morrow
motion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's motion is
not in order, the main question having been or-
dered.
Mr. SHERMAN. We want an opportunity
to look into the bill.
Mr. BRANCH. I would lather the gentleman
from New York should make his statement to-
day, and then I have no objection to his yielding
the floor, and to the question lying over. 1 want
his statement to go into the Globe.
Mr. FENTOJN. 1 have made all the statement
I desire to, unless gentlemen propound further
questions.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire to ask if the
Commissioner on Pensions has made any report
on this bill, or any official statement whatever
with reference to it.
Mr. FENTON. There is none by the present
Commissioner of Pensions that I know of.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Then the gentleman from
New York can give us no definite information
upon which we can act.
Mr. FENTON. 1 have definite information,
Mr. Speaker. I have already stated that the num-
ber of Army and Navy invalids at the time of my
interview, referred to, with Judge Waldo, svas five
thousand one hundred odd. The present number
on the pension rolls is five thousand two hundred
and thirty-six. This bill was reported to the last
Congress, and my reasons in favor of its passage,
based upon statements and estimates which I deem
wholly reliable, were quite fully set forth.
I have but one further remark to make, and that
is in answer to the objection of the gentleman upon
the other side of the House that the bill would
embrace in its provisions numerous cases which
have been placed upon the pension roll by special
acts of Congress. It is not so. It only provides
for paying those from the date of their disability
who are entitled to pensions under existing laws.
Those who are entitled to pensions under existing
laws obtain pensions at the Pension Office. Those
who cannot do so, for some technical reason, or
because of the incompleteness of their return on
the rolls, or for the want of the proper proofs to
bring them within the general law, make applica-
tion to Congress; and we pass special acts fixing
the time for the commencement of the pensions at
such time as we think proper. Those men are
not embraced in this bill.
Mr. DELANO. I desire to ask one question.
I desire to know whether this bill makes provision
for graduating back pay according to the disabil-
ity of the pensioners at different periods from the
time the injury was contracted.
Mr. FENTON. It docs. The present bill fol-
lows the general existing laws.
Mr. DELANO. I listened to the bill, but I
heard nothing of the kind. I confess that I do
not understand the bill fully; and it is for that
reason that I propound the question to the chair-
man of the Committee on Invalid Pensions. As
I listened to the hill, it did not strike me that there
was any provision for graduating the back pay to
the disability at differentperiods. Unless it does
so, and unless that is the obvious construction of
the act, it surely is necessary that there should be
ingrafted on this bill some amendment. I am in
favor of the principleof the bill; but I would have
it guarded, so that the Commissioner of Pensions
would not be obliged, by force of this act, to give
pensioners who draw full pay, full pay from the
time the disability was incurred; because that
would bo entirely at variance with the whole
theory of this branch of the pension laws.
Mr. FENTON. In answer to the inquiry of
the gentleman from Massachusetts, I have again
to remark, that the bill only provides for the
payment of back pensions to those who are en-
titled to pensions under existing laws. The ex*-
isting laws and regulations giving pensions to
Army and Navy invalids (though Navy invalids
have, in nearly all cases, been pensioned from the;
date of their disability) would be applicable to the
cases provided for in this act. To illustrate it: if
a person was placed on the pension roll in 1820
for half disability, and in 1840 it was proved, to
the satisfaction of the department, that he was
entitled to a full pension, in consequence of full
disability, this bill would only give him that
amount of half pension that he was entitled to up
to 1840, deducting what he has received. It would
not change the rate or graduation of the pay of
pensions under the acts and regulations which
govern at the Pension department.
Mr. DELANO. It seems to me that the diffi-
culty may be obviated by the insertion of a very
few words; and I would ask the general consent
that there be such an amendment introduced into
the bill.
The SPEAKER. An amendment can only be
made byunanimous conscnt.
Objection was made.
Mr. BRANCH. With the consent of the gen-
tleman from New York, I would like to make a
single statement, with a view to elicit information
with regard to the points discussed. I have no
opportunity to do so without his consent. I un-
derstand the gentleman from New York to refer to
some statement from the Commissioner of Pen-
sions, as to the amount which this bill would proba-
bly cost. The soldiers invalided in the war of 1812,
as I understand it, will draw under this hill ar-
rearages for forty-seven years.
Mr. FENTON. Allow me to correct the gen-
tleman.
Mr. BRANCH. Allow me to make a very
brief statement, and then the gentleman can reply
to the whole of it. It will be in the form of fig-
ures, and the gentleman had better reply to the
whole of it at once.
Mr. IIASKJN. Mr. Speaker, the morning
hour having expired, I must insist on taking up
the special order.
Mr. PHELPS. ThegentlemanfromNewYork
is entitled to the floor; and the main question hav-
ing been ordered, he cannot be deprived of the
floor-by the expiration of the morning hour.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the rules, then, had
