1532
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4,
tion in this respect, we add the consideration that it is their
labor alone which gives real value to the lands, and that
the proceeds arising from their sales.are distributed chiefly
among States which had not originally any claim to them,
and which liad enjoyed the undivided emolument arising
from the sale of their own lands, it cannot be expected that
the new States wlli remain longer contented with the present
policy, alter the payment of the public debt. To avert the
consequences which may be apprehended from this course,
to put an end forever to all partial and interested legisla-
tion on this subject, and to afford to every American citizen
of enterprise the opportunity of securing an independent
^freehold, it seems to me, therefore, best to abandon the
idea of raising a future revenue out of the public lands."
Sir, it was not even the Democracy of John C.
Calhoun, to whom the Senator from Texas has
referred as a bright example of Democratic faith
and consistency. In his speech of February 7,
1837, Mr. Calhoun said, in support of his bill to
donate all the public lands to the States in which
they were respectively situated, on their paying
to the General Government twenty-five per cent,
of the proceeds:
" He thought, therefore, that, instead of attempting to re-
sist any longer what must eventually happen, it. would be
better for all concerned that Congress should yield at once
to the force ot circumstances, and cede the public domain.
Ilis objects in this movement were high and solemn ob-
jects. lie wished to break down the vassalage of the new
States. He desired that this Government should ccase to
hold the relation of huulloid.'5
And again he said, in the same speech:
" [ saw clearly it was time to cut off this vast source of
patronage and power, and to place the Senators and Kcpre-
ecntatlves from the new States on an equality with those
from the old, by withdrawing our local control, and breaking
the vassaiage under which they are now placed. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts objects to the term, and domes
that Congress exercises any local eontiol over those States.
I acknowledge that the epithet is strong; perhaps too much
so. I used it to express the utiong degree of independence
of the new States on tins Government, whose power and
patronage arc ramified over the whole nurlace, and whose
domains constitute so large a portion of their tciritory. I
certainly did not anticipate that the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, or any other, would denv the existence of this de-
pendence, or the local control oY the Government within
their limits. Can anything be more local than the lands of
a State? And can anv State be said to befiee from de-
pendence on a government when tlmt government has the
administration of a large poition of Its domain? Is it no
hardship tlmt the citizens of the new Stales should be com-
pelled to travel nine or ten hundred miles to this place, and
to wait our tardy justice on all claims connected with the
public lands—a subject, in Its own nature the most locfll of
all, and which ought, above all others, to be under the
chorge of the local authorities of the States? I ask him if
he would be willing to see Massachusetts placed m the
*ame relation to this Government? and, if It were, whether
it would not destroy its Independence? I ask him if it
must not give a great and controlling influence wherever
it exists? Through its lumh the authority and action of
this Government pervade the whole territory of the new
States; and their citizens become claimants at your doors,
session aftur session, either for favor or justice. I do not
bay that all this is Incompatible with the sovereignty of
those States; but 1 do aver that it is in derogation of their
sovereignty."— Calhoun's Works, vol. 2, pp. <31."), G-10.
And docs my friend from Texas, assuming to
be a peculiar believer in the reserved rights of the
States, oppose a policy which endeavors to carry
out the views expressed by Mr. Calhoun, to re-
lease the grasp of this Federal Government over
the now States, the greater portion of whose lands
it controls, and over which itcxcrciscs so great an
influence? 1 say, with Mr. Calhoun, it is in dero-
gation of their sovereignty; and that it is the duty
of every man who maintains the reserved rights
of the States to use every lawful effort to decrease
the power and influence of the Federal Govern-
ment in those States.
Mr. President, there have been several other ob-
jections made by the Secretary of the Interior and
others. It ia objected that the passage of this bill
will destroy or greatly reduce the revenue of the
Federal Government from the public lands. I an-
swer, this cannot be so. The Senate should bear
in mind that, under the graduation act, the value
of the public land subject to private entry is de-
preciated from time to time; and, therefore, any
measure which tends to bring the public lands into
market and sale in advance of the usual period
saves them fiom depreciation under the operation
of the graduation act. Then, in the next place, if
the Secretary of the Interior has toid us the truth,
as I presume he has, the revenue has now entirely
failed, exceptfrom lands subject to the graduation
act. Here is his report at this very session:
" It will be seen that the cash receipts from sales of pub-
lic lands have been less than was anticipated m my last an-
nual report, although the number of acressold does notfalt
far short of the calculation then made. The lands which
by a long continuance in market, have graduated to low
prices by virtue of the act of August 4, 1854, have been sold
for cash. Those held at the minimum at $1 25 per afcre have
been entered almost exclusively with military bounty land
warrants; and although large quantities6f fresh lands have
been brought into market by proclamation, less money in
proportion to the amount of land offered has been received
Irora sales than at any previous period."«
Then let us hear no more from the Secretary
of the Interior about the destruction of revenue
from the public land. It is destroyed already,
and destroyed by that very system of bounty land
warrants which he eulogizes in his annual report.
But, sir, in fact, the adoption of this bill will im-
prove other sources of federal revenue, particu-
larly thatderivefl from duties on imports. I choose
to substitute for my own argument on this point,
the argument of one of the greatest statesmen, in
my opinion, that ever lived—I mean Edmund
Burke. In Mr. Burke's famous speech on eco-
nomical reform, delivered February 11, 1780, he
used this language, in advocacy of a proposition
to sell the Crown lands:
" The revenue to be obtained from the sale of the forest
lands mid rights will not be so considerable, I believe, as
many people have imagined; and I conceivc it would be
unwise to screw it up to the utmost, or even to suffer bid-
ders to enhance, according to their eagerness, the purchase
of objects, wherein the expense of that purchase may
weaken the capital to be employed in their cultivation.
This, Iain well aware, might give room for partiality in the
disposal. In my opinion, it would be the lesser evil of the
two. Hut I really conceive that a rule of fair piotercncc
mitrlit be established, which would take away all sort of
unjust and con upt paitiahty. The principal revenue which
I propose to draw Irom these uncultivated wastes, is to
spring from the improvement and population of tho king-
dom; which never can happen without pioducingan im-
provement more advantageous to the revenues of the Crown
than the icnt&of the best landed estates which itcanhold."
—Hurkc's lVorks} vol. 3, p. 366.
Every word of this language is applicable to the
public lands of the United States. It is said,
however, thatprecmptors will complain. Where-
fore ? Has not the Secretary of the Interior en-
deavored to persuade us, in his annual report,
that the donees of land in Washington and Ore-
gon and Florida were anxious, at the expiration
of two years, to pay for their lands at $1 25 an
acre, rather than get them for nothing? If so,
there is nothing to prevent any settler, under the
operation of the homestead act, from converting
his location into a settlement, under the preemp-
tion law, at any time. The very same affidavit
which he will be required to make to obtain the
benefit of the homestead bill, brings him directly
within the provisions of the preemption law; and
instead of giving tho preemptor any cause of com-
plaint, it offers him the alternative of obtaining
the land free of cost upon a settlement of five
years, or of paying for it at §1 25 at any time
short of that period.
It is said finally by the Secretary that it inters
feres with the bounty land system. I hope so. I
hope to see the end of that system. Now, four
years ago, i n this Senate Chamber, I gave my opin-
ion, derived from observation and experience, as
to the effect of that system on the discharged sol-
dier. Where these warrants were given in pur-
suance of the contract of enlistment, there it was
a debt on the part of the Government. It may be
that the Government supposed it would be some
advantage to the soldier. It was none, it was
an injury to him. After having been in the mili-
tary service in a foreign country twelve or eigh-
teen months, when all his old habits of life had
been forgotten, the Government of the United
States discharged him, perhaps at the first port to
which he was brought, and instead of furnishing
him with money with which his wants could be
satisfied during the course of three or six months,
or any less period in which he might regain the
habits of civil life, he was furnished with a dis-
charge, and told if he would forward that to the
Commissioner of the General Land Office he might
hope in the course of two or three years to get a
bounty land warrant and be able to locate it in
some of the new States or Territories, whither h£
had not money enough to go. The consequence
was, that they sold their discharges for a song. I
know cases, many of thenrtj in which the discharge
of the soldier was sold for'fivc dollars; and those
who purchased them, in defiance of the acts of
Congress, came here in the course of two or three
years, and by their overwhelmingpressure pushed
through a bill to legalize all those assignments
and make the warrants valid in the hands of the
assignee; and thus the whole purpose and object
of the bounty land law, so far as the soldier was
concerned, were overturned. You gave the sol-
dier the poor privilege of locating his Warrant
through the General Land Office, because he could
have but one. After you had made them assigna-
ble, the assignee came here, and in one case, which
is within the knowledge of the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, one assignee, representing a company,
located more than forty thousand acres of land
through the General Land Office, interfering with
the local offices, with their business and with their
settlements, until to-day^here is not a more mon-
strous job in any department of this Government
than the location of bounty land warrants by the
assignee through the General Land Office. The
Senate has passed a.bill this session to abolish it,
and although the House Committee on Public
Lands have reported it favorably, God only knows
what will be the result.
But, sir, this being the effect of. the system as
to the soldier, whereby he got no benefit, what
shall I say to the case of those retrospective gra-
tuitous grants to soldiers in the war with Eng-
land, and to soidiers engaged in the Indian wars?
How, many of them have located the warrants?
Is there any man who, in the flush of youth,
fought with the British along the Canada line
somewhere in tho year 1812, or 1813, or 1814,
who, in his old age, or after the 3d of March, 1855,
migrated to Iowa or Minnesota, there to enter his
one hundred and sixty acres ? It all went to the
speculator. The market was glutted by the war-
rants that the soidiers had for sale. They, too,
went into the hands of the speculator, and were
located in large, compactbodies, until, as the Sec-
retary of the Interior himself tells you, they have
made an end to all the Government revenue from
lands at $1 25 an acre. I do not dwell on the ar-
guments which I might adduce to show the un-
constitutionality of suchasystcm, believing it, as
I think, to be a mere largess; but what does the
Secretary tell us as to the amount we have already
given ? Are we never to be satisfied with the sys-
tem of bounty land warrants? I learn, from his
report of December, 1858, a year ago, that
" Under the various acts of Congress of 1847, 1850, 1852,
and 18oo''—
and this is entirely independent of the grants
of land that were made to revolutionary soldiers,
or their heirs, or those that were promised to the
soldiers of the war of 1812 and their heirs—
"there have been issued five hundred and sixteen thou-
sand seven hundred and sixty-eight mihtaiy bounty land
warrants, requiring fifty-five million seven hundied and
thirty-one thousand eight hundred and ninety acres of the
public domain to satisfy them. Of these, four hundred
and sixteen thousand six hundred and thirty-two had been
located, to the 30th September last, on iorty-iom million
two hundred and thirty-eight thousand and thirty acres ot
land, leaving outstanding one hundred thousand one hun-
dred and thirty-six wariants, calling for eleven million four
hundred and ninety-three thousand eight hundred and sixty
acres of land."
And now let any Senator reflect what must be
the effect of a system like this on the new States.
Is it nothard enough, when the pioneers have left
their homes m the old States; gone out into the
prairie or the wilderness, struggling against the
savage and against tho wild beast; when their
improvements are small; when the taxation upon
them is onerous for the support of their State
government, that speculators, assignees of bounty
land warrants, hold millions of acres of unim-
proved lands, and continue to hold them, year
after year, paying little or none of the taxes, until
by the industry of the actual settler those lands
have been made valuable ? I say the system im-
poverishes the new States; it is the greatest out-
rage that was ever committed by the Federal
Government, under the pretense of rewarding the
old soldier, to plunder and lay waste the new
States. If you owe the old soldiers a debt, pay it
out of.the Treasury; let it come equally upon all
the States, but do not satisfy your generosity at
the expense of the hardy pioneers of the West.
Besides, sir, the system is the parent of the
most abominable fraud. The Secretary has told
us this. I need no witness for it but himself. He
refers, in his report of 1858, to the fact that, in
every case of these bounty land warrants, the
lands which have been finally issued under them
have been double, treble, quadruple, what was
represented to Congress at the time it was en-
acted. lie said:
" The entiie amount which hah heretofore been paid un-
der the various pension and bounty land acts far exceeds
the anticipations of those who advocated their enactment,
and willbelearned by the country with some surprise."
What has made it so ? Not merely miscaleu-
