1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2477
better be enforced. I object to the gentleman from
New York yielding the floor for any purpose
until he has concluded.
Mr. BRANCH. The gentleman from New
York has yielded to me, and I have obtained the
unanimous consent of the House to proceed. It is,
therefore, too late to stop me now. I will, how-
ever, detain the House but for a minute, for the
purpose of obtaining the views of the gentleman
who reported this bill as to the amount which
will be involved in the passage of this bill. A
private in the war of 1812 would draw arrearages
of pension running back forty-seven years, which,
at the rate of ninety-six dollars a year, would
amount to $4,512, in the aggregate. An officer of
the same war, at a pension of twenty dollars a
month running back for the same period, would
receive $11,200 in the shape of arrearages. A
private invalided during the war of the Revolution
would receive arrearages running back eighty
years, which, at the rate of ninety-six dollars a
year, would give him $7,680; while an officer in-
valided during the war of the Revolution, at the rate
of twenty dollars a month, would receive $19,200.
Now, taking the number of invalid pensioners, as
stated by the gentleman from New York, at five
thousand, and taking a fair average of pensioners
in respect to the wars in which they were inva-
lided, this bill would draw out of the Treasury
about thirty-seven million five hundred thousand
dollars. Now, taking the fact that most of these
pensioners were invalided in the war of 1812, giv-
ing them an arrearage of forty-seven years' pay,
and upon what basis do the gentleman from New
York and the late Commissioner of Pensions base
their statement that this bill would not take out
of the Treasury more than about twelve million
dollars?
Mr. FENTON. The gentleman does not take
into consideration the fact that, of the number of
Army invalids who were in service in the war of
1812, those who received pensions down to 1822
were placed upon the rolls from the date of their
injuries in the service. Besides that, the number
of those who are entitled to pensions under the
acts of Congress for service in the war of 1812,
who are provided for under this act, are, a large
majority of them, dead.
Mr. BRANCH. I thought the gentleman stated
there were five thousand invalid pensioners on the
rolls.
Mr. FENTON. There are fifty-two hundred
and thirty-six A rmy and Navy invalid pensioners
on the rolls; but of that number, undoubtedly,
twenty-five hundred or more were made invalids
during the late war with Mexico, a greater part
of whom have received their pensions from or
near the time contemplated in this act; so that
it will leave a very small number—less than a
moiety of the whole number—who will receive
any considerable amount under this bill. So that
the gentleman fails in his computation very largely;
and, so far as the revolutionary pensioners are
concerned, it will be found, by reference to the
revolutionary pension rolls, in the Pension de-
partment, that there were, a year ago last Novem-
ber, only one hundred and twenty-seven revolu-
tionary soldiers—I believe I give the number cor-
rectly—who are on the roll of pensioners; and it
is by no means certain how many of them were
placed on these rolls, under the acts of 1818 and
1832, to whom the provisions of this bill would
apply; and under the best computations I have
been able to make, $5,000 would satisfy the en-
tire demand that this class of persons could claim
under the privileges conferred by this act.
The largest amount would be drawn by the
soldiers of the war of 1812, and those, as I have
stated, probaby will not exceed $2,500. In my
judgment, therefore, after full consultation with the
former Commissioner of Pensions, and the pres-
ent chief clerk of that bureau, the aggregate amount
which this bill will draw out of the Treasury will
be less than one million seven hundred thousand
dollars. And yet, Mr. Speaker, if the amount
was much larger, it would not constitute an argu-
ment against the merits of this measure. It is
founded on a contract between the Government
and the soldiers, entered into when both parties
were free to make it, and we cannot, in justice
and honor, refuse to carry it out.
Mr. HARDEMAN. I understand that the
computation made by the gentleman from New
York is made upon the supposition that the pen-
sioners placed upon the pension rolls were not in-
cluded in the bill. Such I understand not to be
the fact. The bill includes all who are on the
roll of invalid pensions under existing laws.
Now, I understand those who are there under
special acts to be there under existing law.
Mr. FENTON. No, sir; only those who are
on the rolls under existing general law are in-
cluded. Such was the intention; and I believe
this is the only legal construction that can be given
to the bill.
Mr. BRANCH. There is no such qualification
in the bill. It includes all who are there under
existing law.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope, by general consent,
this matter will be allowed to go over until to-
morrow, and allow gentlemen to look into it.
Several Members objected.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Why does thegen-
tleman confine himself to the statement of Com-
missioner Waldo? Why was not the present
Commissioner consulted?
Mr. FENTON. For the reason that this bill
was reported in the last Congress. 1 have taken
the data then obtained in reporting this bill. I
have not consulted the present Commissioner par-
ticularly in reference to this matter. I, however,
called at the Pension Office some time since for
this purpose, but the Commissioner was then sick,
and unable to attend to business. I did consult
the chicf clerk, and his views coincided so nearly
with that of the former Commissioner of Pen-
sions, that I felt confident the case was well made
up, and I would be justified in giving the assur-
ances to the House that I have.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. I desire again
to propose that this matter go over until to-mor-
row morning.
The SPEAKER. It has been objected to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. FENTON. I call the previous question on
the passage of the bill.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. What will be
the position of this bill if the previous question is
not seconded ?
The SPEAKER. It will go to the Speaker's
table.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. Ithad better
go there, I think.
The previous question was seconded, ajid the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. PHELPS. 1 demand the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 98, nays 80; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Green Adams, Adrain. Aldrich, Allen,
Alloy, William C. Anderson, Bmgb.ini, Blair, Make, Bote-
ler, Brabson, Brayton, Brigg^, Bulfinton, Bnrhngame,
Buinham, Buttci field, Campbell, Caiter, Case, Clark B.
Cochrane, Cox, Curtis, Duel!, Edgcrton, Edwards, Eliot,
Ely, Etbcndge, Fenton, Florence, Foster, Fiank, French,
Gilmer, Gooeh, Graham, Giow, Gurlry, Hole, Hall, Ilcl-
mick, Hickman, Holman, William Howard, William A.
Howard, Irvine, Jnnkin, William Kellofrp, Kilgoru, Kilhn-
ger, DeWitt C. Leach, James M. Leach, Lee* Loomis,
Lovejoy,3\Ialloiy, Marion, Muynard, MeKean, McKnight,
McPlieison, Montgomery, Mooihead, Mouill, Edward joy
Mouis, Isaac N. Morris, Nelson, Nixon, Pciry, Pettit,
Potter, Pottle, Reynolds, Itice, Christopher Robinson,
Royee, Schwartz, Spaulding, Stanton, Steven*, Stokes,
Strattori, Tappan,Tiieaker, Tompkin--, Tiam, \ an Wyek,
Verree, Wade, Waldron, Walton, t'lhhu B- Wa*hbnrm ,
I&iacl VVa&hbum, Wells, Windom, Wood, and Woodiulf
—98.
NAYS — Mcs&rs. Avery, Barkndale, Bnrr, Bocock, Bon-
ham, Bouhgny, Bojee, Branch, Bnstovv, Bureh, Care>,
John B. Clark, Clopton, Cobb, John Cochrane, James
Craig, Bui ton Craige, Crawford, Curiy, Davidson, John O.
Davis, Dc Jarnctte,Delano, Dimnnck, Dunn,Edmtmdsoii,
English, Ferry, Gartreil, Hardeman, John T. Harris, lla&-
kin, Ilatton, Hill, Hoard, Houston, Ilutchins, Jackson,
Jenkins, Junes, Keitt, Kunkel, Lamar, Landruin, Lojjan,
Love, Maelay, MrClueen, McRae, Million, Sydenham
Moore, Niblack, Noell, Pendleton, Pcjton, Phelps, Pr>or,
Pugh, Canaries, Reagan, Rign^, James c. Robinson, Rufiin,
Sherman, William Smith, William N. II. Smith, Spinnei,
Stall worth, Taj lor,Thayer, Thomas, Trimble, Undei wood,
Vailandigham, Vance, Vandever, Wlmeley, Winslow,
Woodson, and Wright—80.
So the bill was passed.
During the vote,
Mr. CLARK, of New York, stated that, by
the request of a gentleman from Pennsylania, he
had paired off with Mr. Scranton. He sup-
posed that the pair extended to this question.
If not paired, he would have voted in the nega-
tive.
Mr. GROW said that Mr. S'cranton would
vote for this old' soldiers' bill.
Mr. HATTONsaid: Mr.Speaker,lam favor-
able to the principle of this bill; but, believing that
it is not well guarded, I am compelled to vote
against it.
Mr. LEACH, of Michigan, stated that his col-
league, Mr. Kellogg, was paired with Mr.
Smith, of Virginia.
,Mr. LARRABEE stated that he was paired
with Mr. Olin.
Mr. UNDERWOOD stated that if it were a bill
for the soldiers of 1812, he would vote for it; but
as it is a bill having no such purpose in view, he
would vote against it.
Mr. GARNETT, having been called out of the
House during the vote," asked leave to vote.
Objection was made.
Mr. GARNETT would have voted in the neg-
ative.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland, being outside of
the bar on the business of the House when his
name was called, asked leave to vote.
Objection was made.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland, would have voted
in the affirmative. ,
Mr.LONGNECKER, not being within the bar
when his name was called, asked leave to vote.
Objection was made.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. FENTON moved to refconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. HASICIN obtained the floor.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the gentleman will yield
to me, I will move that the House proceed to the
consideration of the business upon the Speaker's
table.
Mr. BRANCH. This day is set apart for the
consideration of a special order, and I object to
the floor being yielded for any other purpose.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move, then, with the con-
sent of the gentleman from New York, that the
further consideration of the special order be post-
poned for five minutes.
Mr. HASKIN. I yield for that purpose.
The motion was agreed to.
HOMESTEAD BILL.
The SPEAKER laid before the House Senate
bill No. 416, to secure homesteads to actual set-
tlers upon the public domain, and for other pur-
poses.
Mr. GROW. I move that the House insist
on its amendment to that bill, and ask for a com-
mittee of conference.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER appointed Messrs. Grow,
Thomas and Lovejoy as the managers of such
conference on the part of the House.
CERTAIN INDIAN DEPREDATIONS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
Senate joint resolution No. 31, explanatory of
the eighth section of the act approved February
28, 1859; which was read a first and second time
by its title, referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means, and ordered to be printed.
BRAZOS DE SANTIAGO.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
Senate bill No. 450, to change the location of the
custom-house for the district of Brazos de San-
tiago from Point Isabel to Brownsville, in the
State of Texas; which was read a first and second
time by its title, referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
HOMESTEAD BILL AGAIN.
Mr. BARTCSDALE. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the House insisted on its amend-
ment to the homestead bill, and asked for a com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing vote be-
tween the two Houses; and on that motiom I
demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GROW. I move that the motion to recon-
sider be laid upon the table.
Mr. MAYNARD. I demand the yeas and nays
on that motion
The yeas and nays were ordered.
