2478
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 30,
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 112, nays 72; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Adrain, Aldrich,
Allen, Alley, Ashley, Babbitt, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Dray-
ton, Briggs, Buffinton, Burlingame, Burnhara, Campbell,
Carey, Carter, Case, Cobb, Colfax, Corwin, Covode, Cox,
Curtis, John G. Davis, Delano, Due!!, Dunn, Edgerton,
Edwards, Eliot, Eiy, English, Etheridge, Fenton, Ferry,
Florence, Foster, Frank, French, Gooch, Graham, Grow,
Gurley, Hale, Hall, Haskin, Hehmck, Hickman, Hoard,
Holiuan, William A. Howard, flutchms, Irvine, Junkin,
William Kellogg, Killinger, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, Logan,
Longnecker, Luomis, Lovejoy, Maclay, Marston, McKean,
McPhcrson, Montgomery, Moorhead, Morrill, Edward Joy
Morris, Isaac N. Morris, Niblack, Pendleton, Perry, Pettit,
Porter, Potter, Pottle, Reynolds, Rice, Christopher llobin-
son, James C. Robinson, lloyce, Schwartz, Sherman,
Spaulding, Spinner, Stanton, Stevens, William Stewart,
Stratum, Tappan, Thayer, Theaker, Tompkins, Train,
Trimble, Vallandigham, Vandever, Van Wyck, Verree,
Wade, Waldron, Walton, Ellihu B. Washburne, l rael
Washburn, Wells, Window, Wood, and Woodiufl—112.
NAYS—Messrs. Green Adams, William C. Anderson,
Avery. Ilarksdaie, Barf, Bocock, Bonham, Boteler, Bou-
ligny, Boyce, Brabson, Branch, Bristow, Burcli, Horace F.
Clatk, John B. Claik, Clopton, Burton Craige, Crawlord,
Curry, Davidson, De Jarnette, Edmundson, Garnott, Gar-
trell, Gilmer, Hardeman, J. Mormon Harris, John T. Har-
ris, Hatton, Hill, Houston, Jackson, Jenkins, Jones, Kent,
Kiigoro, Kuukel, Lamar, Landrum, James M. Leach, Love,
Mallory,Maynard, McQueen, Mcllae, Miles, Millson, Syd-
enham Moore, Nelson, Noell, Peyton, Phelps, Pryor, Pugh,
Quarles, Reagan, ttutfin, Simms, Singleton, William Smith,
William N. 11, Smith, Stallwoith, James A. Stewart,
Stokes, Thomas, Underwood, Vance, Webster, Winsiow,
Woodson, and Wright—72.
So the motion to reconsider was Uud upon the
table.
WENDELL TROUT.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House the
Senate amendment to House bill No. G40, for the
relief of Wendell Trout.
Mr. SIMMS. That bill passed this House
jtnd went to the Senate, where it was passed with
an amendment. It is intended to give a bounty
land warrant to an old soldier who served in the
war of 1793. The original bill had a provision
for a pension, which was struck out by the Sen-
ate. There was no other objection.
Mr. BRANCH. Let the bill be read.
The bill was read in cxlcnso. It directs the
Secretary of the Interior to issue to Wendell
Trout, of Franklin county, Kentucky, a warrant
for one hundred and sixty acres of land for ser-
vices rendered by him as a teamcster in the mili-
tary service of the United States in the Indian
wars of 1793 and 1794; and also directs the Sec-
retary of the Interior to cause the name of said
Wendell Trout to be placed on the pension roll,
and that he be allowed a pension of eight dollars
per month from the 4tii of March, I860.
The SPEAKER. The amendment of the Sen-
ate is, to strike out the second branch of the bill.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I thought that the
bill passed this morning embraced all these cases.
Mr. SIMMS. It does not embrace this case.
The question was taken; and the amendment
of the Senate was concurred in.
PUBLIC PRINTING. *
Mr. HASKIN. I now call up the considera-
tion of the special order.
The SPEAKER. The question now before the
House is the consideration of House joint reso-
lution No. 22, in relation to the public printing.
Mr. HASKIN. Before I commence my re-
marks, 1 ask that the resolution be read, in order
that its provisions may be before the House.
The Clerk read the resolution in cxtenso. It
provides that hereafter no person shall bo elected
either as the Printer to the Senate or the Printer to
the House of Representatives who is not, at the
time of such election, a practical printer, and of
fair reputation for skill and ability as a member
of that trade or profession. That hereafter, upon
the election of the Printer to the Senate he shall
execute a bond, with at least two good and suf-
ficient sureties, in the penalty of $25,000, to the
Superintendent, and subject to the approval of the
Superintendent, the Secretary of the Senate, and
the Clerk of the House, for the faithful and hon-
est performance of all the duties devolving upon
him as Senate Printer; and upon the election of a
Printer to the House of Representatives, he shall
execute and deliver to the Superintendent a bond,
with at least two good and sufficient sureties, in
the same penalty, subject to the like approval, and
for the like object; which bonds shall be made, ex-
ecuted, and delivered, within ten days after such
elections, respectively, and shall, within that time,
be filed in the office of the Superintendent; that
the prices established and allowed for the public
printing by the act entitled " An act to provide for
executing the publicprintingand establishing the
prices thereof,and for other purposes, "approved
August 26, 1852, and by the several acts amend-
atory thereof, thatis to say: for composition, press-
work, folding, stitching, and inserting maps and
plates, be reduced forty per cent; and for the pur-
pose of giving full force and effect to this resolu-
tion, the Superintendent of the Public Printing is
authorized and directed to cause the accounts of
the Public Printer or Printers to be made out and
rendered to him as heretofore under the provis-
ions of the act of August 26, 1852, (except as to
the printing of the Post Office blanks, which have
been ordered by law to be put out by contract to
the lowest bidder,) and before certifying the same
to the Treasury for payment, to deduct from the
aggregate amount of each account so rendered the
sum of forty per cent.; and the residue shall be
received by the Public Printer or Printers as full
compensation for the work stated in said account.
This resolution shall take effect from the passage
thereof.
Mr. HASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I propose to oc-
cupy as brief a period of time in discussing the
subject of the public printing, now before the
House, as its importance would seem to demand.
From the thorough examination which has been
given to this subject by the select committee of
the Senate, of which Hon. Preston King is
chairman, and by the Committee on Public Ex-
penditures of this House, of which I have the
honor to be chairman; from the publication of the
evidence taken before these committees, and the
comments made upon it in the public press through-
out the country, much labor, which otherwise
would have devolved upon me, has been saved of
exposing the gross abuses which exist under the
present system of public printing. Nevertheless,
sir, it may be important—nay, 1 deem it neces-
sary, for its proper understanding upon the part
of members of this House who have not read the
testimony adduced before the two committees to
which I have referred, to briefly recapitulate such
portions of the evidence adduced before those
committees as bear particularly upon the propo-
sition now before the House for its consideration.
The present system of public printing was in-
itiated in 1819, as appears by the report made at
that time, in the Senate, by Senator Wilson, of
New Jersey; and in that report he provided for
the doing of the public printingand the establish-
ment of a tariff of prices. At the time lie made
this report, he discussed in it the three proposi-
tions which were then before the Senate in rela-
tion to the proper mode of having the public
printing done. He discussed the contract sys-
tem, and he referred to the necessityand propriety
of a Government printing office; but, in tne re-
port then adopted and printed, it was asserted
that they had, at that session of Congress, no time
to perfect a plan which they were in favor of.
They then adopted the system which has existed
down to the present time, with the intermission
of, I think, the years 1846,1847,1848,1849,1850,
1851, and a part of 1852, during which years the
contract system was in existence.
It is due to say that the evidence adduced be-
fore the Committee on Public Expenditures, as
well as before the committee in the Senate, prove
conclusively that the contract system of doing the
public printing, as it was tested during the years
1 have named, was a complete failure. The first
contractors under that system were Wendell &
Van Benthuysen. The testimony^ proves that
they took the doing of the public printing at such
low rates that sufficient profits were not given to
them; and the work was done in such an inelegant
and unsatisfactory manner, that many of the doc-
uments printed by them, according to the judg-
ment of the Superintendent of Public Printing,
(Mr. Heart,) will need reprinting.
The next Printer under the contract system
was Mr. Ritchie. Mr. Ritchie continued to per-
form his contract, or he assigned his contract—I
am not certain which—but at the next Congress
he claimed damages; which damages, I think,
were accorded him to the amount of 050,000.
The next contractor was Boyd Hamilton. He
continued to perform the work by contract down
to 1852, when he failed and gave up his contract.
Then the law under which the present system of
doing the printing is performed was enacted.
Now, the evidence before the committee proves
conclusively that the rates paid by the law of 1852
for composition, and especially for press-work, are
enormously high. The proof upon the three
branches of the work, the three kinds of type
used, according to the evidence of Mr. English,
shows that the profit upon small pica was ten per
cent.; upon brevier, thirty per cent.; and upon
nonpareil, was forty per cent.; while the gcreat
amount of profit realized by the Public Printer
is on the press-work. The testimony of Mr. Eng-
lish, and of other witnesses before the committee,
proved that the press-work, which cost but twenty
per cent, per token, was paid for, under the pres-
ent law, at the rate of $1 04 per token. The evi-
dence before the committee adduced by Mr. Heart,
the present Superintendent of the Public Print-
ing—a gentleman appointed by the present Pres-
ident, and recently confirmed by the Senate, a
practical printer of nearly half a century's stand-
ing—is that the present rates are at least fifty per
cent, too high; and he had no doubt, and the ma-
jority of the committee of which I am chairman
"had no doubt, that the rates paid under the pres-
ent system were at least fifty per cent, more than
should be paid.
Mr. Heart favored, from his practical knowl-
edge upon this subject, the establishment of a
Government printing office; believing, as he stated,
that under it from one hundred and twenty to one
hundred and forty thousand dollars per annum
could be saved to the Government. Mr.English,
who was the foreman of the Government Printers
during the last session of Congress and the ses-
sions preceding it, from the Thirty-Third Con-
gress, also testified that the rates now paid were
atlcast fifty per cent, too high. And he testified
that, in his judgment, fifty per cent, upon the
ptesent rates would be saved by the establish-
ment of a Government printing office. Mr. Lar-
combc,tho partner of Mr. English, also testified
to about the same state of things. Six or seven
out of the eight or ten witnesses examined by the
committee testified to the same state of facts.
That the House may understand properly the
extraordinary increase of the cost of the public
printing, I have obtained from the Comptroller of
the Treasury a statement of the annual cost of the
public printing from the year 1819 down to 1853;
and if any gentlemen of the House will turn to
the report now under consideration,made by the
majority of the committee, they will find a state-
ment of the annual cost from the year 1853 down
to the present time. I hold in my hand that state-
ment; and the aggregate amount which the print-
ing cost forthe thirty-three years therein embraced
is $3,574,342 98. if the House will examine the
report made by the Committee on Public Expend-
itures in reference to this subject, by a majority
of the committee, they will find that the annual
cost of the printing and binding for the Thirty-
Third, Thirty-Fourth, and Thirty-Fifth Con-
gresses, a period of only six years, amounted to
$3,462,655 12; making, for the last six years,
very nearly as much as during the thirty-three
previous years.
Mr. FLORENCE. Does that include the cost
of the paper?
Mr. HASKIN. I am not prepared to say in
reference to that. This statement is furnished by
the Comptroller of the Treasury.
The evidence before the Committee on Public
Expenditures proves conclusively that the great-
est abuses existing under the system of doing the
public printing, exist in the printing for the Exec-
utive Departments of the Government; and that
the President of the United States—not only the
present President, but his predecessor, Mr. Pierce
—rather by usurpation than by right, gave out
this executive printingto political favorites and
partisans, for the purpose of creating public opin-
ion, through infamous partisan newspapers, to
bolster up and sustain their administrations.
If the House examine further on this head, they
will find that the first law officer of the Govern-
ment, Attorney General Black, was the lawyer
resorted to to draw papers to divide out this pub-
lic plunder among partisan plunderers; and they
will also find that the President of the United
States, notwithstanding the writing of his Du-
quesne letter, acted as an umpire on certain oc-
