1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
515
colleague; but if he says that he ever rendered me
any aid whatever in my contest for nomination,
it is false m every particular.
Mr. COVODE. I want to say what I can prove
upon this floor.
Mr. HINDMAN. I call the gentleman to or-
der. I yielded the floor only to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Montgomery.]
Mr. COVODE. 1 am personally referred to.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to a question of
order.
Mr. MOORHEAD. The gentleman from the
Westmoreland district [Mr. Covode] is tliegentle-
man I referred to. [Cries of " Order!" from the
Democratic side.]
The CLERK. The gentleman will permit the
Clerk to sav that the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Montgomery] is occupying the floor
iiy the permission of the gentleman from Ar-
kansas.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I wanted to reply to
the gentleman from the Pittsburg district, [l\Ir.
Moorhead.] The gentleman talks to me about
political consistency; a man who, within the last
three or four years, has boxed the political com-
pass, and has been m all political parties as they
nave arisen, is not the man to introduce questions
of consistency. A few years since, my colleague
was a very officious Democrat; then lie saw hopes
for office iti the Amcncan organization; and he
crawled into the caves, garrets, and cellars where
"Sam" congregated; took all the horrid oaths,
and learned the secret grips of that order. Sam,
however, died; and then the gentleman became
a very sincere and earnest Republican. The gen-
tleman has forgotten his oaths and pledges now;
his holy horror of foreigners and Catholics; his
only feeling now is for the poor negro slave. All
these changes have passed over lam within the
space of thiee or four years. He is therefore the
last man to rise in his place and call me to task
for my political consistency. [Applause in the
galleries.]
Mr. COVODE. Mr. Clerk 
Mr. BURNETT. I rise to a question of order.
This discussion is out of order.
The CLERK. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Montgomery] is upon the floor by
the permission of the gentleman from Arkansas.
Mr. COYODE. I appeal to the House to hear
me.
Mr. BURNETT. 1 insist upon the point of
order,
Mr. MOORHEAD. My colleague yielded the
floor to me, and I referred to nnv colleague, [Mr.
Covode;] and I want to hear him upon the sub-
ject.
Mr. HINDMAN. f claim the floor.
Mr. VALLAND1GHAM. I move that the
House do now adjourn. [Cries of "No !" "No!"]
Mr. COYODE. I want to be heard for the
■urpose of refreshing the recollection of my eol-
eague, [Mr. Montgomery.]
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I desire to say in con-
clusion, that I have been drawn into this discus-
sion unwillingly by the attack of my colleague.
Mr. COVODE. I insist upon the floor, as I
have been referred to.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. No, sir. When gen-
tlemen make attacks upon me they must expect
that their blows will be returned. I make it a
rule never to begin a controversy with any man.
I have sought no controversy with my colleagues
now; but they have attacked me, and I have re-
pelled those attacks.
" Mr. COVODE. Air. Clerk 
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I refuse to yield.
Mr. MOORHEAD. The gentleman yielded to
me; and. in making my explanation, I referred to
the gentleman from the Westmoreland district,
[Mr. Covode.] 1 desire lum to b° heard.
The CLERK. The gentleman is not in order
unless the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Mo.vtgo.mliiy] yields the floor.
Mr. COVODE. I ask whether the gentleman
is afraid to hear what I have to say ?
The CLERK. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania refuses to yield the floor.
Mr. COVODE. I wish to be heard when the
gentleman is through.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I have said to my col-
1- a iU'- that I did not now intend to yield. This
persistence on his part can only be regarded as
an attempt to violate and trample on the rules of
Fe
i the House. He arose in his placc,and insisted on
| the floor; and when I refused, he continues to
, throw in, by way of interjection, " Areyouafeard r
I are you afeard?" There arc rules which prevail
! here, which we must all observe. There is cour-
I te£y that prevails between gentlemen ; and when
( a member has the floor, ana another insists on it
, after he has been repeatedly refused, he ceases to
; be entitled to that courtesy which is usually ex-
; tended by one member to another.
1 arose, Mr. Clerk, not to enter into this disser-
tation in regard to my colleagues, but to define
my position. I was, however, turned from my
path by interrogatories propounded to me by my
colleague, which had no relevancy whatever to
the question before us. 1 got up only to say that
I regard the question of a slave code, at this time,
as an abstraction. The time may come, per-
chance, when such alaw may be proposed. When
it is, the members on this side of the House and
on the other will have the right to discuss it, and
to vote upon it. But at this time I can only re-
gard it as an abstraction. There is no Terri-
tory for which such a law could be necessary
now; there is no necessity for it; there is no hu-
man being proposing to pass it now; there is no
member intending to propose such a law; there-
fore, differences of opinion on such a question can
be of no importance whatever, i, Mr. Clerk,
have said, however, that with the present lights
before me, I am opposed to legislation by Con-
gress in favor of or against slavery in the Terri-
tories. The legislation belongs to the people of
a Territory, and to them alone. 1
Mr. COVODE. Mr. Clerk 
The CLERK. Does the gentleman from Ar-
kansas yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania? .
Mr.fllNDMAN. It is but right that I should j
yield to him for explanation. ' * 1
Mr. COVODE. I was saying nothing on this
subject, during the controversy between my col-
leagues, until I was peitonally lefened to.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I did not speak of you
at all. [Calls to order, from the Republican
benches.]
Mr. COVODE. ^ 1 will detain the House but
for two or three minutes, merely for the purpose
of putting myself right, and of refreshing the
memory of my colleague from the Washington
district. What I have to say, Mr. Clerk, is not ;
new to a great many Republicans. Enough of I
members, I believe, on this floor know it, and !
the gentleman's constituents know it, and blame j
me, to some extent, for the part which I took in ;
bringing out the Republican vote for Mr. Mont- i
g0mery. !
Mr. Clerk, let me say, and say distinctly, that, i
at the request of my colleague, I wroie a letter to :
the loading Republicans of his district, on pledges ;
made to me by him. \
Mr. MONTGOMERY. What pledges ? j
Mr. COVODE. I will state the case. The let- j
terwill show it—asking them to make no nomui- j
ation and to leave him the field. He was our j
leader here at the time, in the matter of the Crit- jj
tenden-Montgomery amendment to the Kansas j;
bill. I did write that letter to the gentleman's j(
constituents—the leading Republicans, as he gave !■
me their names. That letter I carried round to !,
the Pennsylvania delegation and got their signa-
turcs* to it, and sent if off; and, to some extent, :
I am held responsible for getting the Republican ■:
vote for him. It has been cast up to me repeat- j>
edly that 1 lent my influence to get the Republi-
can vote for my colleague, Mr. Montgomery. ,j
Is the case not plain? Have I done any injustice ji
to my colleague? 1 was referred to. j!
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I will answer when j!
you have done. j;
Mr. COVODE. It was due to myself and my j
colleague [Mr. Mooriiead j that 1 should make !t
this frank statement. He [Mr. Montgomery! il
was rhe man thai drafted the letter, and I copied ij
it. [Laughter.] !i
Mr. MOORHEAD. I now rise, sir, with great [1
satisfaction, having been so nobly vindicated in j!
the position 1 took. I have sustained the point [|
I made. I have shown this House and the eoun- ;i
try the position which that gentleman [Mr, Mont- !'
gomery] occupies here. 1 come here with no hos- jj
tiiity to him, because, from the assurances 1 had jj
from highly respectable Republicans of his own ij
district, I expected to find 1pm acting with us, jj
shoulder to shoulder, IS
[ I will give him the names of some of these dis-
I tinguished gentlemen. First: I refer to a man who
! represented, for many years, on this floor the dis-
; tnct which my colleague now misrepresents 
[ Hon. Andrew Stewart. I told him during the
i canvass that I thought he was making a mistake
; in going for Mr.Montgomery.. "No,sir," said
| he, "he will be as firmly with the Republican
■ party as you or any other man. Hewillbefound
' supporting you in the organization, and in every
■ other measure." I will give my colleague the
! name of another distinguished gentleman, theed-
, itor of a paper, and who, I suppose, did more for
i him than any one man in his district. I allude to
j Mr. Miller, of Uniontown, from whom I have a
| very long letter explaining and apologizing for the
! course which that gentleman is pursuing on this
floor.
So much have I said in regard to the course of
thcgentleman. Now, I want tomakeareply,and
a short one, to his remark with regard to my having
boxed the political compass. I know my own posi-
tion, and the peopleof Pennsylvania, I am proud to
say, know it. I have been a Democrat; lam proud
of it. I have been a Democrat a great portion of
my life. "I acted with that party until! found it
slipping away from the principles of Democracy.
I was opposed to the passage of the Kansas-Ne-
braska Dill. I thought then that the party was
departing frojn the true faith. I found that it was
yielding to aggression after aggression from one
portion of the Union, and leaving the principles
of Jefferson, of Madison, and of the fathers of the
Republic. I found the Democratic party desert-
ing all these principles on which I stood; and now
I stand with the Republican party, because f find
it occupying the position which 1 have occupied
during the greater part of my life.
With regard to the reference of the gentleman
to my being an American, I have no disposition
to deny that. I am an American, and, like my
fiie.nd from Georgia, [Mr. Hill,] I do not regret
it. 1 am willing to acknowledge it here and
everywhere else. I do not disavow anything I
have ever done. I have never crawled. I leave
that to the consideration of this House, after hav-
ing heard the explanation of my friend from
Westmoreland, [Mi. Covode.]
A Republican Member. As to who crawls?
Mr. MOORHEAD. Yes; as to who crawls.
I leave such remarks as that to be judged of by
the gentlemen of the House.
Now, sir, 1 do not know that I should occupy
the time of the House longer; but, sir, one of my
friends suggests the tariff. Reference was made
to my having voted for Mr. Gilmer. I justified
that \ote when I was up before, on the ground
thatMr. GiLMERwasa national conservative man;
and I said I voted for him further, because he sus-
tained the interests of whom? Of Pennsylvania?
No, Mr. Clerk, I believe the interests of this whole
Union. I believe that protection to American in-
dustry is the question that will save this Union.
That is my opinion, and I am glad to see my
friend from Virginia (I allude to ex-Governor
>Sm/th) dressed in habiliments made in Virginia.
[Laughter.] 1 am proud to sec a Senator from
the same State doing the same thing. Sir, when
we can follow that example throughout the Union;
when we can find gentlemen willing to wear the
products of their own soil; when they are willing
to cncourago then* own domestic industry against
the labor of foreign countries, then I think there
will be no danger of disunion. I want to sec man-
ufacturing diffused generally throughout the coun-
try. We do not want to reap all the profits of it,
if it he profitable. We want to see our southern
friends take hold of it. I want to see them unite
with Governor Smitii in dressing m homespun;
then they will all be glad to remain m the Union—
this glorious Union; we will stand by it. Mr.
Clerk, I have now said all that I desire upon this
subject.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. With the permission
of the gentleman from Arkansas, I will say that
my colleague from Pennsylvania [Mr. Covode]
makps a mistake. 1 made no reference to him,
unless it was the fact which I stated that he, being
a candidate for Governor m the State of Pennsyl-
vania in the Republican party, claiming Republi-
can votes, thought proper so far to forget himself
and the principles, the policy, and the views of
that Republican paiiy, as to vote for the largest
slaveholder upon this floor, a Nothing at
