1536
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4.
and throw out the dirt, is a capitalist; his labor is
worth money, and he can at any day walk into
the streets and highways and byways, asking a
living, and the vvoild will recognize his right to a
livin", and give it to him. That man wants no free
home for the homeless; that class does not come
here with those who do.
But, sir, this bill does not intend to provide for
these men It intends to provide for a set of men
who either cannot or will not make a living, and
who are unwilling to take the hazards of the law
to steal, and would, rather than starve, beg or go
into the poor-houses. It is a pauper bill—that is
what it is, and nothing.clse.
Mr. PUGH. I suggest to the Senator that I
think there are very few of the class of people
whom he calls paupers that would get the benefit
of this bill. I suppose, by pauper lie means the
poor man.
Mr. WIGFALL. I so consider it.
Mr. PUGH. Nobody will ever take the ben-
efit of this bill but the laborer. A man who docs
ijot want to work will be the last man. You
could not, with the whole Army of the United
States, drive him 011 a homestead. He would not
go there. He would stay about the cities and
towns, and steal, as the Senator says. The man
who will go, will be what he calls the capitalist;
that is, the man who has capital in his bones and
muscles. The laboicr will go and work. The
other class never will go. If you gave them a
thousand acres in Minnesota, they would not go
there after it.
Mr. WIGFALL. I have seen .something of
the capitalists 1 have been speaking of. They are
as proud as any men in the land. They do not
send their children to poor schools; they do not
go into poor-houses; they have as great an aver-
sion to that crime of pauperism as the millionaire.
I have seen something of them, and I have lived
amongst them. No, sir; this bill is to provide for
those who inhabit the purlieus of London, and
the Five Points of New York; '' tattered prodi-
gals, "as "ivggrd as Lazarus in the painted cloth;"
the " rankers of a calm world and a long peace;"
"revolted tapsters and hostlers trade-fallen."
These are the men to be provided for; and gentle-
men suppose; they will make themselves popular
by bringing in a bill to provide for the poor. The
greatest mistake that any man ever made in these
United States was in supposing that the people
have no sense. [Laughter.] The worst paying'
trade that any man undertook to make a living at
was demngo ism. The man who does what is
right, and goes before the people mid defends his
position, will always be sustained. 1 have great
confidence in juries. 1 never have yet seen ajury
that I would not rather talk to than a judge. If
my cause was right, they would understand it;
und their verdict you might rely upon. I have
great confidence in the wisdom and virtue and in-
telligence of the people—not vagabondism or pau-
perism.
Some allusion was made by the Senator from
Ohio to the noiivilaveholders of the South. I tell
him the non-slaveholders of the South are as
proud a race as ever trod the green earth.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator did not understand
me as calling that in question.
Mr. WIGFALL. I did not understand that
you spoke disparagingly.
Mr. PUGH. I said, so far from being injurious
to the slaveholding States in regard to that class
of population, the bill would be very valuable
and even valuable to the slaveholder. On the con-
trary, I have strong sympathies with those peo-
ple, because the great body of my constituents are
non-slaveholders. 1 do not believe I have a slave-
holder among them.
Mr. WIGFALL. I am sorry for it, for a few
of them would add considerably, [laughter]—"a
little leaven leaveneth the whole lump." [Laugh-
ter.] The non-slaveholders of the South, ninety-
nine times out of a hundred, arc landholders. This
bill is not intended to provide for them. No one
supposes it is intended to provide for them. The
Senator from Tennessee [Mr. Nicholson-] admits
that it is not, m substance. He admits that the
effect of the bill is to free-soil the territory of th?
United States; but he says, in defense of himself
as a southern man, that to that complexion it
must come at last: and really it is a matter of very
little consequence whether it is to-day or to-mor-
row. I have said I happen to feel ae Jack Falstaff
did in a battle in which he did not distinguish
himself for his courage. Honest Jack said, it
was true he owed God a death, but it was not due
yet, and he was loth to pay it before it was due.
[Laughter.] It may becoming to that complex-
ion; I know'not; but I shall not, by any vote of
mine, hasten the catastrophe. " Sufficient unto
the day is the evil thereof." Now, does this hasten
the catastrophe, or does it not?
There is a new idea that has been introduced
here by several Senators. The Senator from Ohio
has countenanced it, and I was rather shocked that
he did. It is, that this Government has a double
duty imposed on it: first as a landholder; and he
takes issue entirely with the Senator from Minne-
sota [Mr. Wilkinson] on that subject, who con-
siders the Government as a sort of great land
speculator who, as he says, goes into market
here and tries to defraud the people out of their
money by selling land. Ho says it is in duty bound
to furnish land to the landless; and he puf it on the
broad ground of donation. He and the Senator
from Ohio take very different views. The Sena-
tor from Tennessee, though, suggested the idea the
other day that this Government owed a double
duty to the States: first to act as their trustee, and
sell out the lands and make money by them; and,
in the next place, to induce settlement and the
formation of new States.
Now, Mr. President, if this Government be a
Government instituted by the States, if this Gov-
ernment lie the agent of the States, I wanttoknow
when and where and how that duty lias devolved
upon it of forming new partners; or, if it docs de-
volve on it, whether this Government is also not
bound to be a little particular as to the respecta-
bility of the partners? What sort of a State
would the Senator from Tennessee foini under
this misnamed homestead bill? What kind of a
State would it be that was settled by a parcel of
men who were not able to buy one hundred and
sixty acres of land, who were not willing to buy
one hundred and sixty acies of land, who would
not go upon the public tfomain if you were to
give them two, or three, or four, or five years to
pay it in ? A parcel of paupers; the outpourings
of the jails and the lazar-houses, to go there and
settle on alternate quarter sections until they had
a sufficient number to be admitted into the Union,
ninety-three thousand and some odd; and when
they have their ninety-three thousand population
and arc admitted into the Union, with such a pop-
ulation as that, I should like to look at the two
Senators; I should like to see the member that
would represent them in the other House; I should
like really to see the man who wore the cnliine
elected by such a set, and being themselves of
them. 1 should like to see their Legislature.
Great God! it would bo a sight to behold!
[Laughter.] Are we, the representatives of the
States of this Union, to m^ke provision for filling
up the Territories of the United States with a
population taken, as I have said, from the pur-
lieus of London and the Five Points of New York,
and provide for men who are unwilling to pro-
vide for themselves?
Why, sir, the curse of God is upon the class
who are intended to be provided for by this bill.
It is the declaration of Divine justice and wisdom
that " he who will not provide for his own fam-
ily is worse than the infidel;''and I have said be-
fore that poverty is a crime, and I say thatGod has
declared so. A mail who has intellect, and who
lias energy, and who has character, may become
poor; but you sec that man struggling against ad-
versities; he sits not at the corner of the street
with a hat, and asks not alms. If he is wanting
in one of the elements of manhood, moral char-
acter, he may put on a mask and meet you upon
the road and say, "stand and deliver;" and be-
fore God I would have more respect for the mall
that turns foot-pad than for the beggar. He at
least has the boldness of manhood, if he has not
honesty of character. If he is too worthless to
work, lie is at least ashamed to beg. The mis-
erable mendicant has lost even the sense of shame.
He has " sounded the base string of humility,"
and there is no hope for lum or of him.
This bill, then, is objectionable because it is
pandering to a false sentment; it is objectionable
because it is creating a false sentiment; because it
is encouraging a false and demoralizing sentiment.
But the Senator from Ohio hasquoted John C. Cal-
houn on me. I say to the Senator that I am glad to
know,and 1 long suspected the fact, thathe was in
the habit of consulting that oracle of wisdom; and
if he will introduce the bill that John C. Calhoun
introduced when that spcecli was made which he
has quoted, I will join him m voting for it. 1 am
willing to give the lands to the States. The em-
inent domain should be in the States. This Gov-
ernment should have its latxl offices and its pat-
ronage broken up. Let the lands be under the
i disposition of the States. But did Mr. Calhoun
1 agree or propose to give away even to the States?
j No;' he proposed they should return at least
| twenty-five pe-r cent, of the proceeds.
] Mr. PUGH. Only twenty rfive per cent.; and
t the argument was the same argument by which
j this bill is supported.
j Mr. WIGFALL. But he proposed that w 
I should get something. The bill which has been
j introduced here into the Senate proposes not only
| that we shall get nothing, but that we shall pay
the expenses of getting nothing. [Laughter.]
| We shall not only give away the land to vaga-
i bondism, but shall pay vagabondism for taking
jit. It is doubly objectionable. It cuts off a source
; of income, and yet does not destroy Government
I patronage.
S Mr. WILKINSON. I should like to ask the
' Senator a question.
Mr. WIGFALL. Certainly.
Mr. WILKINSON. It is, whether the State
of Texas has not given away her lands; not only
to her own citizens, but to foreigners?
Mr. WIGFALL. Foreigners! That is more
objectionable still.
Mr. WILKINSON. I ask you whether the
State of Texas has not done it?
Mr. WIGFALL. Thank you for that word.
I will speak to that in a moment. I want to finish
what I was saying to the Senator from Ohio. I
say that, in reference to Mr. Calhoun, I have not
read his speech lately, nor his bill or report; but
I lenow the general character of them. It was to
give to the States the lands, and throw on them
the expense of surveying those lands, and reserv-
ing to the Federal Government a certain percent-
age of the gross or net profits, I care not which.
It was to vest the eminent domain in the States,
where it ought to be. It was to break up the pat-
ronage of the Government; audi wish the Sen-
ator had read also another paragraph, I think from
that same speech, but I could not find it, though
I looked for it, whilst he was speaking. It was
that one main object he had in introducing that
bill was to cut the throat of demagogism. He
said that the public lands had become a means of
corrupting not only the Government but the peo-
ple, and "that men who had no other merit were
presenting themselves as candidates for the Pres-
idency; indecently biinging themselves before the
public, by offering to donate these lands to.pau-
perism. I do not pretend to quote the language.
Mr. PUGH. Mr. President 
Mr. WIGFALL. I do not mean it for you.
Mr. PUGH. No; but what the Senator refers
to, what Mr. Calhoun called demagogism, was
precisely such a proposition as the Senator from
North Carolina has offered. What Mr. Calhoun
called demagogism was this: telling the people
of the States that tile proceeds of the public lands
should be divided among them; and I agree that
was demagogism. It was directed to just such
a proposition as the Senator from North Caro-
lina has made.
Mr. WIGFALL. Well, sir, now I will go on.
The Senator from Minnesota has drawn my at-
tention to foreigners. I did not hear him dis-
tinctly, but I heard the word " foreigners." He
has drawn my attention to this matter of foreign-
01 Mr. WILKINSON. The question I pro-
pounded was, whether Texas had notgivenaway
lands, to a considerable extent, not only to her
own citizens, but to foreigners?
Mr. WIGFALL. Yes, sir; and she had a right
to do it.
Mr. WILKINSON. Exactly.
Mr. WIGFALL. I have a right to do with
my own as I please; I have a right to gamble it
off in a hell, if I choose; I have a right to squan-
der it; I have a right to give it to missionary so-
cieties, or for publishing the Bible, or do what-
ever I please with that which is my own. But
the Senator from Minnesota seems not to be able
to draw the distinction between the State of Texas,
