THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIYES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, APRIL 6, 1860.
New Series No. 97.
a political_ community, that conquered the land
that she is giving away, who can deal with her
own as she sees fit—he seems not to draw the dis-
tinction between a State government in which the
sovereignty vests, and a miserable one-horse con-
cern here in Washington, that is administering a
few, not granted, but delegated powers, that the
States have intrusted it to administer, under the
general impression that it would honestly admin-
ister the trust. [Laughter.] Why, sir, this is a
monstrous matterof immorality, as well as schism
in political knowledge.
Mr. WILKINSON. My question was di-
rected to this point. I understood the Senator to
attack the whole system as giving away lands to
paupers. That was the idea.
Mr. WIGFALL. Yes, sir. •
Mr. WILKINSON. Not on the legal question.
Mr. WIGFALL. Well, I say Texas has a
right to indulge her fancy. [Laughter.] She has
not done just exactly what you suppose; but if
she had, she had a right to do with her own what
she saw fit. If she chose to dispense her means in
charity, she had a right to do it.
Mr. WILKINSON. I will ask the Senator
another question. Was that policy a good one in
Texas? Has it worked well for the State?
Mr. WIGFALL. I have discussed that ques-
tion often in Texas; and having the Senator from
Ohio, who is worthy of any gentleman's steel,
immediately in my mind's eye, I prefer to go on
with him. This is giving the public lands not
only to the inhabitants of the purlieus of London
and the Five Points, but to the pauperism of all
continental Europe. The Senator from Minne-
sota delivered a eulogy on foreigners. He must
have been an old Democrat, and fought the Know
Nothings. I do not know. If he was, he is on
the wrong side of the Chamber. But I should
judge, from the eulogies lie delivered in reference
to the foreigners who had carried our flag—for he
spoke with a degree of enthusiasm with which I
used -to speak of that class when Know Noth-
ingism was warring upon Democracy—that he
was with us then. 1 do not know whether the
Senator was one of us then, or not. He does
not answer.
Mr. WILKINSON. I can say that I was not;
and I am veft-y glad of it.
Mr. WIGFALL. I think the foreign popula-
tion, then, would be very much surprised to hear
your eulogies, and not thank you much for them.
As to foreigners 
Mf. PUGH. I dislike to interrupt the Senator;
but I hope he will allow me to ask a question, as
he is devoting himself to me, he says.
Mr. WIGFALL. Certainly.
Mr. PUGH. I think the Senator has not an-
swered the Senator from Minnesota fairly. Per-
haps I am not a proper judge. I understood the
Senator—waiving the question of the right of the
Federal Government to dispose of the lands—to
say that a grant of land to actual settlers by those
who have the right to grant them is a premium to
pauperism. Now I ask the question, has Texas
given a premium to pauperism? Has the policy
of Texas and other States—for many of the States
adopted it—in point of fact and experience had
any such result as the Senator supposes? If it
lias not, then the Senator is in error, and I tell
him he is in error. What he calls paupers will
never go on the land; criminals never will go
there. As I said before, the whole Army of the
United States could not drive the peopfe of
whom he speaks on to the public domain. They
will not go. I call his attention to the fact that
so far as that part of his argument is concerned,
it is answered by .the experience not only of
Texas, but of Tennessee and other States.
Mr. WIGFALL. The clock admonishes me
that I had as well go on. [Laughter.] For the
satisfaction of the two Senators, I will answer the
question, though I do not deem it pertinent. Texas
has never pursued the policy contemplated by this
bill. Those who had conquered the territory
and held it by the best of all titles—the title of the
sword—made a large land donation to themselves
97
—that is, to those who were in Texas at the date
of the declaration of independence. Again they
made a donation to those who had fought at San
Jacinto. Subsequently, when they needed sol-
diers, they offered lands to those who wouldmove
into the Republic. Some colony contracts were
made during, the days of the Republic. Since
annexation, we have made rio donations of land.
It has been sold at a fair price; and we have, as a
consequence, a population who, having paid for
their freeholds^ feci like free men. Nor have we
suffered from the population obtained under our
colony contracts. They have proved to be wor-
thy and industrious citizens; but they were not
introduced by New England emigrant aid com-
panies. A policy that is good for a new State en-
gaged in war and needing men, may be bad when
the circumstances change. But this is not a ques-
tion of policy; it is a question of power. I deny
the power of this Government to give away the
public domain.
This Federal Government, having certain politi-
cal powers, can, of course, exercise them, but no
others; and I propose to go on, and discuss these
matters, somewhat after the manner of the Senator
froffe Ohio, and to follow him up as closely as I can.
The Senator from Minnesota brought my atten-
tion particularly to this matter of foreigners, and
I will say to him, in a few words, that I have as
little prejudice against foreigners as anybody. I
think, nevertheless, that this Government has no
Eower to provide for foreigners, and especially
as this Federal Government not the right to put
in a Territory, that now belongs to the States, a
parcel of men who can form a State constitution
before there is a citizen there residing. The Sen-
ator from Minnesota objects to the present bill
because it has not a qualification of that sort.
His proposition is to give to every foreigner
who will come here before he is naturalized, one
hundred and sixty acres of land; and these peo-
ple are, according to the views of the Senator
from Tennessee, [Mr. Nicholson,] to form a
State constitution, and we may have ninety-three
thousand inhabitants in one of the Territories
with a State constitution and not a citizen of the
United States there. Why, sir, they may form
State constitutions, but they cannot be represented.
One great objection to their proposition is, that
there is not a single one of that population who
could represent them in the Senate of the-United
States. They might have to import a citizen, na-
tive or naturalized, in order to represent them
here. When a man comes from Europe to this
country, because he is in quest of free govern-
ment; because he wishes to be entitled to that
which4ie can gain by the sweat of his brow; be-
cause he wants light taxes; because he wants open
jury fhals, and to be faced by his accuser, to get
rid of all secret prosecutions; because we have,
and are enjoying civil liberty 111 this country—
when such a man comes here, and has remained
here for five years, and has his certificate of nat-
uralization in his pocket, I am disposed to allow
him to vote, and I am disposed to allow him to
hold any office except those which the Constitu-
tion of the United States prohibits him from hold-
ing. That is my view. The especial and partic-
ular friend of the foreigners, sitting over on the
other side, from Minnesota, would deprive these
men of these rights, but he would give each one^of
them one hundred and sixty acres of land. Why?
Mr. "WILKINSON. I wish the Senator would
repeat that last remark.
Mr. WIGFALL. I do not think I could.
[Laughter.]
Mr. WILKINSON. I understood him to say
that I would deprive the foreigner of the right of
voting.
Mr. WIGFALL. I understood you to say you
had been a Know Nothing, or one of the Ameri-
cans, as they arc called.
Mr. WILKINSON. You understood me very
erroneously- I never was a Know Nothing.
Mr. WIGFALL. I understood you to say so.
You are singularly unhappy in making yourself
understood.
Mr. WILKINSON. You asked me if I had
been a Democrat, and I said no. I think the Sen-
ator himself is rather obtuse to-day.
Mr. WIGFALL. It may be so. [Laughter.]'
Mr. President, these foreigners are to be brought
in here, and to be settled upon these lands. I un-°
derstand all that. This is not a party question,
of course, now ! The Republicans do not intend*
to appeal to the German population; they do not
intend to appeal to the Irish; they do not intend
to appeal to the men that they have been perse-
cuting and making war on, and^say, "we were
your friends, and would have given you one hun-
dred and sixty acres, bxtt these Democrats would
not vote for it!" Oh, no; no party purpose in this,
no electioneering! I understand that very well.
Why, sir, it is an electioneering trick; and I am
sorry that any gentleman on this side of the Sen-
ate should have been drawn into it, or been caught
by it. Naturalized eitizens are not to be caught
with such chaff. I am willing, when a man from
a foreign nation comes here and becomes a citi-
zen, to treat him as a citizen; but I am not will-
ing to give away the public domain to men who
do not owe allegiance to this Government, to men
who have not abjured their allegiance to other
Governments. I am not willing to pass a bill
.which provides for one class of society, and for
one alone.
Mr. PUGH. Does the Senator suppose that
any person can get land under this bill without
being naturalized? In both propositions it is ex-
press. He is never to have a patent or title until
he has been naturalized. It is so in both bills—
the House bill and the Senate bill.
Mr. WIGFALL. Are both bills the same?
Mr. PUGH. Both the same in that regard.
Mr. WIGFALL. Then I misunderstood the
bill from the remarks of the Senator from Minne-
sota, because he discussed it with that view, and
objected to the Senate bill because he said that it
did not give the land to foreigners.
Mr. PUGH. The Senate bill provides that
those who are now Here, although not citizens,
may make a declaration of intention, and finally
acquire a title. I agree with the Senator from
Minnesota that that is an unnecessary distinction,
and I propose to agree to the House bill in that
regard, and provide that any person who has made
a declaration under the naturalization law of his
intention to become a citizen may settle; but he
never gets a title until he is a citizen. He may
stay there fifty years, but never can get a patent
or any right of ownership until he becomes a cit-
izen. Therefore, it is not giving land to foreign-
ers. It is not given to them until they become
citizens.
Mr. WIGFALL. On this subject the Senator
from Tennessee [Mr. Nicholson] and the Sena-
tor from Ohio took the same view of the duty of
the Government. They said it was to use ite
power for two purposes: one as a landholder, and
the other for filling up and admitting new States.
I have simply to say that it is to me a new view
of the Constitution, and more extraordinary than
the views of John Taj^or, of Carelinc. I read
with much instruction and pleasure hktNew Views
of the Constitution once; but the new views that
have been given here, I have not received with
quite as much. The Senator from Tennessee adds
that we may give away the lands which have been
acquired since the formation of the Constitution;
that we are not bound to use them as a Federal
fund. He says the Dred Scott case decides
that. I am not going to discuss the Dred Scott
case.
The Constitution says that the Congress of the
United States shall have the power " to dispose of
and make all needful rules and regulations respect-
ing the territory or other property belonging to the
United States." Now the Senator from Tennes-
see says that that is very good constitutional law
so far as conccrns the territory which was owned
by the United States at the time the Constitution
was adopted; but he says it cannot apply 16 any
territory acquired afterwards. I ask him if it can
apply to any property acquired afterwards; and
