1538
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4,
E1
Si
then I should like to know what he calls property ?
Here is the Constitution of the United States, that
says Congress shall have power " to dispose of
and make all needful rules and regulations respect-
ing the territory or other property belonging to
the United States." He says that that applies to
the territory which belonged to the United States
at the time of the adoption of the Constitution,
butdoes not apply to any territory acquired sub-
sequently. If not, then it does not apply to any
iroperty. Hence the Congress of the United
itates may give away, not only the public lands
acquired afterwards, but the public money and
this Capitol itself, for this was acquired after the
■Constitution was ratified; and for that he quotes
the Dred Scott decision. I think that those judges
" had better look to it." If they are to be quoted
for doctrine of that sort, they will be brought into
disrepute. As Mrs. Doll Tear-sheet said, when
ancient Pistol was introduced to her as captain:
" a captain! these villains will make the word
'captain' as odious as the word 'occupy,' which
was an excellent good word before it was ill-
sprted; therefore, captains had need to look to it."
If the Supreme Court is to be quoted here for doc-
trine of that sort, I say these Federal judges had
better look to it, because there is a palpable ab-
surdity on the face oftheproposition, which must
stagger every man who looks to it. The Consti-
tution says:
" Congress shall have powei to dispose of and make all
needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or
other property belonging to the United States."
Now, says the Senator from Tennessee,-"Con-
gress having the power to dispose of and make
all needful rules and regulations respecting the
territory or other property belonging to the United
States; ' he says that means belonging now, at
the time of the ratification of the Constitution,
and therefore all the territory which then be-
longed to the United States is a Federal fund, and
cannot be given away; but the territory acquired
afterwards is not Federal, is not a fund, and may
be given away. If this is true as to the " terri-
tory," I say it is also true as to the "other
property;" and every dollar in money or prop-
erty, every fort,magazine, navy-yard,dock-yard,
or other iiubhc building, that has been acquired—
and all nave been acquired, of tlic latter class
since the Constitution was adopted—maybe given
away by the Federal Government; it is not Fed-
eral property. This clause applies only to that
which was owned by the States at the. time of
the adoption of the Constitution. That sort of
argument, it seems to me, will not do; and if
the homestead bill cannot be defended oil other
grounds, it must be abandoned.
The homestead bill is defended on many grounds.
The Senator from Ohio puts it 011 constitutional
grounds; and the only objection I have to his ar-
gument—which is a very good one—is, that it does
not fit the case. IIo admits that the Government
cannot giveaway lands; and if he could only per-
suade me that these alternate sections would in-
crease the price of the other alternate sections, I
would have one great difficulty removed; but I
cannot comprehend how it i« that, whilst the coun-
try is divided up into quarter sections, and every
man has a right to go and settle on every alter-
nate quarter section he sees fit, any one is ever
going to buy one.
I believe it will result not only in cutting off
that source of revenue from the Government, but
that it will t^so result in leaving, as it must, the
expense of the land office, the cost of the land
purchases upon the Government, and this will
lead to—what? Increased tariff taxation; and for
that I have no desire.
The Senator from Ohio has denounced the sol-
diers' bounty land bill. I am willing to join lum
in the denunciation. He says it was not accord-
ing to the contract; that these men who had en-
listed or volunteered did it upon a consideration,
and that when that was paid, there'was an end of
the contract. I think so.
Mr. PUGH. There were some cases of con-
tract, and I excepted those from that statement.
I referred to such acts as that of 1855, which pro-
posed to give retrospective grants of public land,
.which were no part of the contract of enlistment.
■Those were the cases.
Ajr: WIGFALL, Precisely.
Mr, PUGH. l,f the Senator will allow me, I
>¥ill state tliat, in 1,847, with a view to encourage
enlistments in the regular Army during a time of
war, there was a promise given to those who en-
listed that they should have a bounty in land.
That I hold to be a contract, although I think it
was an injurious system. It was a debt; but the
other case—the old soldiers'bill of 1855—I say
was a mere plundering of the public Treasury.
Mr. WIGFALL. I did not misapprehend the
Senator from Ohio. I understood him distinctly—
and I suppose had so explained it—that these land
donations were objectionable because they gave
additional compensation after the service had been
performed. But, sir, they have been passed, and
the land warrants have been sold. .They are in
the hands of others, those who purchased them;
and they are in the hands also of some who have
not sold. I say that this bill, if it passes, does
this wrong: it violates a contract that is now sub-
sisting. It was not necessary for this Govern-
ment to have given land to those disbanded soldiers
for their services; they had been paid, and there
was an end of the matter; but as the Government
has given them land, and as, on the faith of that
donation, persons have purchased, I care not if it
was for a dollar; those land warrants they have
purchased for a valuable consideration;and now,
to give away the public domain to anybody who
will settle upon it, is a breach of the contract be-
tween the Government and those purchasers who
bought upon the faith ofthe Governmentthatthey
would get somethingof value. Of course, no man
will buy one of these warrants when he can go
and settle upon one hundred and sixty acres for
nothing. It does this further wrong: you talk of
the poor; here is the widow or orphan of the
soldier who'was entitled to this land warrant, and
yet has not received it; and now, when that widow
comes and asks the poor pittance of the land war-
rant which the Government has given for her
husband's services, she gets it, and what is it
worth? To whom can she sell it? The public
domain is to be all distributed among those who
choose to go and squat upon it. It is a wrong to
the widow and orphan therefore.
Mr. PUGH. Does the Senator suppose this
bill prevents the location ofland warrants?
Mr. WIGFALL. No, sir; I do not suppose
so.
Mr. PUGII. They can locate it just exactly
as much after as before. We give what we prom-
ised—the right to locate so many acres.
Mr. WIGFALL.. You give a widow a land
warrant because her husband died in battle; she
does not intend to move there, and she cannot
move there, and then you say to her, " Go and
settle on the land." Will anybody buy her war-
unit? It is mockery of the living; it is a fraud
oil the dead. It is an outrage on the widows and
orphans with whom this Government has made,
whether rightfully or not, a contract; and it has
no right to violate it. We have given them these
warrants for services, and we have no right now
to come in and say this donation shall be utterly
valueless, by the declaration that anybody can go
and settle on the land for nothing.
Mr. PUGH. Then the Senator must holct that
a bill to reduce the price of the public land—such
as the graduation act—was a violation of the con-
tract.
Mr. WIGFALL. I would vote against it if it
were so, but we are not considering that now.
This Government has done hundreds of things
that I am opposed to. I am notcommitted to the
defending of the Government. It is more, sir—it
is a fraud on the tax payers; it is cutting off an
important source ofthe revenue of this country,
thus tlnowing on us the necessity of increasing
ou:t tariff taxation. It is throwing new elements
of discord into the country. These land having
been acquired by the Federal Government, cither
by donation at the time of its inauguration, or
since by purchase or conquest; and being a Fed-
eral fund, I say that this Government has no
right to utterly and wholly overlook its character
aa i\ trustee for the States to give them away; yet
may by donations, if it does not diminish the value
of the land, encourage settlement; but, so far as I
am concerned, I have no particular desire to set-
tle up the Northwest or the Southwest. I do not
see that our interests are involved in settling up
that country. Why? are we not strong enough ?
When the thirteen colonies first-confederated to-
gether and then established this Government, the
time was wlien it was good policy to induce set-
tlements; when it was good policy to acquire
Florida; when it was good policy to open the
mouths of the Mississippi. These things were
good policy then, and other acquisitions might
have been good policy. I believe it would bo
good policy to acquire Cuba; but why this haste,
this indecent haste? The Senator from Ohio said,
in another portion of his speech, that we had bet-
ter " hasten slowly." I think that old Horatian
maxim he quoted,/estinaJen(e,isthe wisest thing
that has ever been written, or could ever be acted
upon.
Now, as to this other grave, sententious sen-
tence that he has quoted, as he said, from some
philosopher, of making two blades of grass grow
where one grew before, I will only say that this
philosopher figures in Gulliver's Travels, accord-
ing to my recollection. His philosopher in Gul-
liver said that the man who could make two
blades of grass where one grew before was only
wiser and better than the politicians. That was
all he said. There was nothing about land dona-
tions in it.
The Senator from Minnesota, who made a
squatter-sovereignty spcecli yesterday, called the
attention of the Senate solemnly to the example
feet by two Governments—Persia and Colombia.
Now,'sir, I have heard a great deal of Persia. The
Persian Government is an old one. I believe it
began about five hundred years before Christ;
and possibly in Xenophon I may have read some-
thing or other about it once. The laws of the
Persians and the Medes together were, I am told,
never changed or to be changed. Its territories
have somewhat, by the interposition of Russia, I
believe, been changed. But it is a most extraor-
dinary thing that the Persian Government should
be held up to the American Senate as an example
worthy to be followed—an effete, worn-out Gov-
ernment, twenty-five hundred years old, with an
Asiatic population, a despotism from the time it
was first inaugurated to the present day. The
example of Persia is held up to the American
people and the American Senate as worthy of
being followed.
The Senator also alluded to Colombia. Well,
sir, I believe thatcountry isnoton the map. There
is not any such country as Colombia. Jt cannot
be found. I sent out, as soon as he alluded to it,
for a map, and got the last one, and looked for it
there, but could not find it; and I have not had
time since to look it up. That country, if I recol-
lect aright, was once somewhere or other in South
America, and I believe Bolivar was at the head or
it. With the aid of an Irish regiment lie kept Ilia
own there amongst the Indians for a while. He
died, and the day after he died—or maybe the year
after—the Government died also; and the wisdom
and the policy of this Government, that now lives
not, and is not to be found even upon a school atlas,
is brought up here as an example to be follfKved
by the American Senate.! I judge that Senator
prepared his speech elaborately—for it was writ-
ten out—and if he could find but two Governments
who had acted on this "land to the landless "and
" homes to the homeless"policy, and one of them
was Persia and the other Colombia, I think the
precedents are wanting. Those are not such as „
I would follow, at least.
Mr. President, I have touched upon some of the
prominent points of the Senator from Ohio's ar-
gument, ana I will not detain the Senate longer.
It is useless to talk about this as a sectional ques-
tion. It is a known fact, in the first place, that
the two parties in this country differ from each
other as to their construction of the Constitution
of the United States. The Democratic party pro-
fesses at least to act upon a strict construction, and
that man who votes, whether myself or anybody
else, against a strict, legitimate, and fair construc-
tion eff the Constitution, is no Democrat. I am
not disposed to read anybody out of the party; I
make no charges of shortcomings against any
one. If I should unfortunately advocate, or even
introduce a measure here, and it is shown that
it is not a measure that we, the Congress of
the United States, have a right to pass, I will
abandon it.
Then, as a sectional question, what is to be the
effect of this bill ? Do gentlemen intend to hasten
the catastrophe ? Yearsago the suggestion of alter-
ing the Constitution by a vote of States was made.
As long as the States were about equally balanced,
and there was no danger of altering the Consti-
