1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1539
tution and destroying the institution, the civiliza-
tion, and the property of one section, this excite-
ment merely was smoldering. It has now burst
out and is burning fiercely; and yet a policy is
introduced here by which, with the aid of emi-
grant aid societies from Massachusetts—and they
are ready to incorporate them atany time—an
immense influx of European immigrants can be
drawn into the northwestern Territories, and new
States admitted; and then comes the proposition
to alter the Constitution—to abolish slavery in the
States. I have spoken of that already, in reply
to what was said by the Senator from Tennessee,
and 1 have stated that I am not disposed, at least,
tohasten that thing. Southernmen takethisview;
they look upon it in this way; but it seems that
there is a determination to take just exactly such
means as will fill up, with a free-soil population,
these Territories, and make new States so rap-
idly that, under the forms of law, we can be de-
stroyed.
Now, if the'professions of unionism and devo-
tion to this country be sincere on the other side of
the Senate Chamber, I think they should at least
pause in this matter. Who do you want to pro-
vide for? Why offer these lands? Whynotgive
them to the States, and let them do as they please?
Why not leave the lands outside of the States to
be dealt with hereafter as the emergency may
arise? I am perfectly willing to cut off the pat-
ronage of this Government. I am willing to give
the lands to the States. Let them deal with them
as they please; pay us any percentage whatever
to get rid of the question and keep it out of the
presidential canvass and^ause it to cease to be a
sectional question. •
But I am not willing to pass a bill here which,
excludes every slaveholder from moving into a
Territory; because no man who owns a negro is
going to move on one hundred and sixty acres.
We have no pauper population at the South, and
I thank God for it. Those who do not own slaves
own land, or are respectable, industrious mechan-
ics, attached to their homes and the institutions
of their particular section. They are not going
to move off. The only effect of the bill is to fill
that country with paupers. We are under no
obligation to provide for your paupers. We are
under no obligation to provide for the pauperism
of Europe. We are under no obligation whatever
to build up new States composed of such a popu-
lation, and I am utterly opposed to it; and I be-
lieve that the effect of this thing will be to fill up
that Territory with a prejudiced, sectional, fanati-
cal population, that will send member after mem-
ber to this body to agitate, agitate, agitate, and
keep up the sectional question, until you put the
feather upon the camel's back.
. The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wil-
son] I see is considering what I am saying; he
liaij no affection for foreigners, nor has his State.
Here is a provision for foreigners who are not
naturalized. Ill his State, an American citizen is
not permitted to vote, if he is of foreign birth,
until he lias resided two years after he has become
a citizen. The whole object of this thing is sec-
tional. It is to free-soil the Territory. Massa-
chusetts first, in 1844 I believe, passed resolu-
tions and sent them here, urging the alteration of
the Constitution, and depriving vis of. our three
fifths representation, which she knew perfectly
well, ana everybody knows, never call be altered.
She has continued the agitation, and gone on with
it; she has organized asociety to fill up Kansas with
a free-soil population. Having kept that up until
Kansas has ceased to bleed or freedom to shriek,
now comes in this homestead bill, and this is
to be passed; and I tell you, when it is passed, it
will produce an impression upon the southern
mind that you dream not of.
Southern men may vote for it, and suppose they
can go home and defend themselves. Possibly so.
I cannot vote for it; but I intend to fight it in every
manner, shape, and form in which it can be pre-
sented—by voting against it, talking against it,
and moving to amend it; and I trust m God, if all
these things shall fail, the President of the United
States at last will have the nerve to exercise his
veto upon a measure that seems to'me so fraught
with evil.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I move that
the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, April 4, 1860.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
NEW JERSEY RESOLUTIONS. '
Mr. ADRAIN, by unanimous coilsent, pre-
sented joint resolutions from the Legislature of
the State of New Jersey; which were laid on the
table, as follows:
1. Relative to the removal of obstructions in the
river Delaware.
2. Relative to the public lands.
3. Concerning the duties on imported merclian-'
dise.
4. For the improvement of navigable waters on
the Atlantic coast.
5. Concerning the establishment of a national
foundery in the State of New Jersey.
R. R. RICHARDS.
Mr. COOPER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution for the compensation of
Rev. R. R. Richards, late chaplain of the United
States penitentiary, for his salary up to the 30th
June, 1857; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
KATE D. TAYLOR.
On motion of Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky, abill
(S. No. 250) for the relief of ICate D. Taylor,
widow of the late Brevet Captain "Oliver H. P.
Taylor, was taken from the Speaker's table, read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions.
CODIFICATION OF THE REVENUE LAWS.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 will state that
the bill of the House (No. 21) for the codification
of the revenue laws was made the special order
for to-day, and would probably come up next in
order after the bill now pending, reported from
the Committee on the Judiciary, has been disposed
of. Owing, however, to the number of amend-
ments proposed by merchants and others from
New York and elsewhere, it will bp necessary to
postpone this bill further. I ask that the House
will postpone it until the second Tuesday in May
next, when it may probably be taken up and dis-
posed of.
No objection being made, the kill was accord-
ingly postponed.
STEWART M'GOWAN.
On motion of Mr. SIMMS, the bill (S. No. 219)
for the relief of Stewart McGowan, was, by unani-
mous consent, taken from the Speaker's table, read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions.
MILITARY ACADEMY BILL.
Mr. STANTON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to report, from the Committee
on Military Affairs, a bill for the support of the
Military Academy, with the Senate amendments,
and to have it made a special order in the Com-
mittee of the Whole. The Committee on Military
Affairs unanimously recommend that the first
amendment of the Senate, in relation to a small
appropriation for West Point, be concurred in.
I am instructed by a bare majority of the commit-
tee to recommend a non-concurrence in the Senate
amendment in relation to the Texas regiment. I
move that the bill be referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and made
a special order for Tuesday next.
Mr. MORRILL. I object.
Mr. CURTIS. I hope the gentleman from Ver-
mont will withdraw his objection. It is a matter
of importance to the peopie on the frontier, that
they should know whether they are to have the
support of the Federal Government or not. I will
say further, that, as a member of the Committee
on Military Affairs, I should certainly have voted
in favor of this amendment of the Senate if the
President of the United States or the Secretary of
War had, in their communications to this House,
said that they considered such a force necessary.
In response to the resolutionofthisHouse,passed
upon my motion calling for information as to'what
was necessary to protect the people of Texas, I
expected to find a distinct averment from the Ex-
ecutive that we did or did not want volunteers.
But, on looking over the report, I find that the
Secretary of War and the President of the United
States have studiously avoided any expression of
opinion upon the subject. In a matter of this
kind, there is a necessity to take a delicatS respons-
ibility. It is said by the Governor that the pres-
ent force is not adequate. The Executive replies
by sending copies of orders which move jnore
regular force to the frontier. Texas says this
kind of force will not do. The Executive should
decide this last question. If more or different,
force is needed, I am for the appropriation; but I
want the unequivocal answer of the Executive,
who can best judge of the requisite force. To in-
terpose aid to Texas is unquestionably a duty of
Government; but to raise a regiment of volunteers
without the call of either the President or Secre-
tary of War, who will have their direction and
command, would seem to me a dangerous prece-
dent for this department of Government. An Ex-
ecutive is presumed to know best the amount of
force required to execute the laws, and that de-
partment must take the responsibility to distinctly
decide the matter.
Mr. REAGAN. I hope there will be no ob-
jection to this bill being made the special order.
Mr. STANTON. It is certainly material, as
the gentleman from Vermont will agree, that the
people of Texas should know whether the House
,|is to pass this amendment or not. For myself, 1
am opposed to the amendment; but I think it is
due to right and justice, due to fair play, that the
House should act upon the amendment, and act
promptly.
Mr. MORRILL. I object.
The SPEAKER. The bill will then be re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the-Union.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand that the bill
has been referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union. Now, I submit that
it is in order to move that this bill—it being an ap-
propriation bill—shall be made the special order
m committee, and that it may be decided by a
majority vote. I understand that to be the effect
of one of the new rules which we have adopted.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes the
gentleman is correct, if the bill has been received.
Does the Chair understand the gentleman from
Vermont to object to the reception of the bill, or
to its being made a special order?
Mr. MORRILL. ' I have no objection to the
bill being received and referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, if it is
not made a special order.
Mr. SHERMAN. The rules of the House re-
quire that every bill making an appropriation shall
be first considered in a Committee of the Whole
House. I suppose, of course, therefore, this bill,
if received, must go to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. HOUSTON. It must go there, of course.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well; but I object to
its being made the special order.
Mr. STANTON. I know of no reason why it
is not m order to move that it be made a special
order.
Mr. SHERMAN. I made the same motion the
other day, and a single objection prevented its
being put to the House. 1 wish merely that we
shall proceed according to the rules. I hope it
may be so, but I do not understand that the Sen-
ate amendments to an appropriation bill may be
made a special order by a majority vote.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will direct that
the rule having reference to the subject be read.
The Clerk read the rule, as follows;
" The House may, at any time, by a vote of a majority of
the members present, make any of the general appropriation
bills a special order."
Mr. REAGAN. If gentlemen knew that the
people on the frontier of Texas were daily being
murdered, and that their property was daily being
stolen, I think they would consent to let action be
taken in the House upon this subject. Defeat the
bill if you will; but let the people of Texas know
whether they are to have any nope of protection
to their lives and property from the Federal Gov-
ernment or not.
Mr. HOUSTON. I suppose—asdin thislagree
with the gentleman from Ohio, who is at the head
of the Committee of Waysand Means, {Mi^Sher-
man]—that the House cannot by a majority vote
make a bill a special order as a general proposi-
tion. But a special rule was adopted, as I under-
