1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2483
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it further enactcd, -Thar all the printing
and binding, and ail blank-books oulered by the heads ot
the executive and judicial department:) of the Government,
or <il the duels oi the bureaus tnereor> and aii the puntnlg
and binding, and all blank-books ordcieaby Congress', ot by
either IloubC ot Congress, &hall, on and attci the 4th day of
i-iUiclj, 18GI, be done anil executed under said Superin-
tendent, m aecoidanct; with tlio provisions oi this act:
Provided, That all wc priming o/dered by the Thirty-Sixth
Uongress t>nall be executed by the Punters ot the Senate
and House ot iiepiesentauvco, as now authorized by law ;
but no puutim: or binding othei than that oniered ly Con-
gress or tiie heads ot Departments as aioie&ai{j, siiall.be
executed m said olfiee.
Sec. 6. Jind be it Jwther cnacted, That it shall be the
duty of said {Superintendent to icceive from the Secretary
ot the Senate and the Clerk of the House of Repiosenta-
tivos, and tioiu the heads of DepaiUucnts and chiefs oi bu-
reaus, all matter oidered to ho panted,and bound, or either
printed oi bound, at tiie public expense, and to keep a faitn-
fui account ot tiie same, m the oidei in which the same
may be leceivcd; and when tiie same t-hall have been
printed and bound, it the same is oidered to be bound, see
that the volumes or sheets aie promptly delivered to the j
ofticcr of the Senate, or llouse of ilcpresentatives, oi De-
paitment amhouzed to receive the s-ainu, whose leeeipt
theretor shall be a sufficient voucher by the bupeuntendent
of their delivery.
Sec. ?. Jlnd be it fwthcr enacted, That the Joint Com-
mittee on Punting lor ttie two Houses ot Congress shall
agree and fix upon a standaid ot paper lor the printing of
congiessional documents, to weigh not less than ntty
pounds to tiie ream of livo hundred sheets of twenty-tour
by thirty-eight inches; and it shall bo the duty oi tiie said
bupeuntendent of Public Punting to advertise annually m
one or more newspapers having tiie largest eneulation in
the cities of Boston, Now York, Philadelphia, Baitimoiu,
Cincinnati, Chicago, and Washington, ioi the space of sixty
days puoi to tiie 1st ot July, tor sealed pioposaij? to Knuish
the Government of the United States all paper which may
be necessary tor the execution of the public punting, of
quality and in quantity to be specified in the said auvei-
tisements hom year to year. He shall open sueii ptoposals
ns ni.iy be made in tiie piesenee ot the Seeietaiyof the
Senate and the Clerk oi the House of itt-pieseiuauves, and
shall aw aid the contiaet foi iinnishnig ail ot said papei, or
such cia-^ theieoi as may b« bid tor, to tiie lowest bidder,
Who^e sample, accoinpan>ing Ins bid. shall nn t neaily
appioximateto the quality oi papei (^ize, weight, and text-
uie ill 1 considered; advertised ioi by the said Supeuntend-
ent, and determined by the joint committee of the two
Houses of Cojigiess. Tne samples ollered with the bid ac-
cepted shall be pieseived by the said Supeuutendent, and
it shall be ins auty to compute these with the paper lur-
nished by the pubUc contiaetor; and he yhall not accept
any papei now the contiactoi which does not conform to
the simple.- pieseived a-; aloresaid. In deiaultof any eon-
tractor under this law to comply with his contiaet in lur-
nishm^ tlie papei, in the piopei time,and ot propei quality,
tiie Supeiintendiiut is authouzed to enter into a new eon-
tiuct with the lowest and best biddei ior Uicmteicsts oi the
Government amongst tnose who.-e pioposah wcie iejected
at the last annual lettmgs, it it be pjaeucable so to do. and
it not, then to advoitise ioi pfopo-als, and award the con-
tiact as heietubuoie piovtded; and duung any interval
Which is thus created by the new advancement loi f,uch
proposals, the Superintendent shall puichase in the open
matlcn, by ajul with Hie apptoval oi the Hecretaiy oi the
iuteuoj, ah touch papei ncce.-saiy for the public sci vice, .it
the lowest puce. JAu any ineica^.' of cost to the Govern-
ment in pioeuung a supply of papei loi tiie u^e or' tin- Gov-
ernment, the eouuucloi in dct.iuii, and his sceuutie shall
be charged with and lield ie poii^ib;o i<u the tami1, and
shah be piosecuteu upon then bond by the Soltcitoi oi the
Tieasui}, in the name of the United States, in the eacuit
couit ot the United States, m the di'-tuct in w hieii tie' de-
tailing contractor lCstilosj and to enable the Sohcitoj to
do so, the said Supeuntendeiit stiail lcpoit to him the de-
fault on its happening, with a luil statement ot all tiie iact-
in the case. Tne&aid Supeuutendent riiali kov.p a ju-t and
true account of all tiie papei lcccived iiom tiie contiactoi
oi contractors, togethei with an account of aii the paper
used foi the purposes ot the Government under this act,
and shall report the amount of eacli class consumed m said
panting establishment, and in what woiks or publications
the same was used, to the Secictaiy of tne inteuor at the
end of each aud cveiv fiscal voai.
Sec. 8. And be it Jartker 'enacted, That whenever any
charts, maps, diagrams, views, oi othei engiavings sjiall be
required to iilu&uate any document otdeied to be punted
h> either llou-iu ol Congress, t.uch <'ngiavnigs shall bcpio-
cuied by the Superintendent oi Printing, undci tiie diicc-
tiou and supervision oi the ('oninuttce on Punting of the
House oidenng the same.
See. 9. *rlnd beit jui titer enacted, That it shall be the
duty ol the said ^upet uilcndent annually to prepare and
submit to tiie Reguterof the Trcasuiy, m tune to have the
tame embiaced iu the annual estimates fiom that Dcpait-
ment, detailed estimates or tin? sal:uie<, amount tu he paid
ior wages, eiigiavmg, binding, and mateuals, and tor any
othei neeessuiy expanse oi said punting establishment loi
the second >ear. And the said Superintendent siiaU also,
on the liist day of the meeting of each session oi Consness,
or as soon theieaitei as may be, repott to Congiess the ex-
act condition ol tiie public punting, binding, and engraving ;
the amount and c<m oi all such printing, binding, and en-
graving; the amount and cost of all paper purchased for the
same, a scatemeut oi the several bids ior mateuals, and
puch fujthei iniormauon as may be within his knowledge
m legaul to all matteis connected therewith.
Si'u. 10. Jlnd be UJurlhcr enacted, That neither the Su-
peiuit.-ndcnt nor any other otlicei to be appointed under tins
act shall, duung liib eontmuatico in ofliee, have any inter-
est, daector indirect, in tlie publication or any newspaper
oi peuodical, oi in auj punting ot any kind, ot in any bald-
ing or engtavnig, or in any contiaet loi lui inshing paper or
other material connected ivith thepnbiie printing; and any
violation of Hns section shall subject the party offending,
! on conviction before any court of competent jurisdiction,
: to imprisonment in the penitentiary tor a tosm of not 1c?p
! tlian one nor more than five years, and to a fine ot $500.
I Sec. 31. And he it further enactcd, That if the said Su-
perintendent shall collude with any person cr persons fur-
nishing mateuals or bidding thercfoi,or have any secret
understanding with him or them, by himself or through
othets, by which an honest and faithful performance of this
act, accouhng to its true intent and meaning, shaii or may
bo avo.ded or evaded, or the Government of the United
States deltaudod oi made to sustain a loss, lie shall, upon
eouvictio-i theieof beiorc any cout t of competent juusdic-
tion, forfeit ins office, and be Mibjoct to imprisonment in
tiie penitentiary (oj a t^rui of not less than three nor more-
than se\en jcai*, and to a iiiie oi'.^3,COO. -• -
Mr. BARR. WJien will it be proper to offer
amendments to the substitute?
The SPEAKER pro t£7npore. This is the proper
time, if there be any amendments to oiler.
Mr. BUP^NETT. I desire to understand
whether the gentleman from Ohio proposes to
offer his amendment ax a substitute for the icso-
lutions both of the majority and minority?
Mr. GURLEY. Yes; for both.
Mr. BURNETT. And the gentleman from
Alabama offers his as an amendment to the ori-
ginal resolutions.
Mr. GURLEY. Yes; and mine is in the nature
of a substitute for both.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The only pend-
ing amendment is timt offered by the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Gurlly.] There is no other
amendment pending.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman from Ala-
bama offered resolutions.
Mr. GURLEY. Mr. Speaker, I offer this
amendment because I am perfectly satisfied that,
if there is any public service in this country which,
in preference to almost any other, should he per-
formed by the immediate and special agents of
the Govemmejit, it is that of congressional and
executive printing; and tins fact will appear tiie
more obvious if we consider that it is necessarily
intci woven with the law-making power of each
House, and cannot, by any possibility, be sepa-
rated fiom it. It is no exaggeiutton to say that
it is not only a leading, but an essential element
of national lo^islauon; for the information which
it affords must always control, to some extent,
the action of those engaged in it. Without u,
how can gentlemen here intelligently frame then-
bills, draw up their reports, or even vote under-
stanchngly ?
v But it is not only npos'Uivc, but a daily, al-
most houily necessity while Congress is in ses-
sion. It is just os ckSimtial to the healthy action
of this legislative assembly whenheze convened,
as our oidmary food is to the healthy action of
our bodies and minds. There exists about the
same necessity for the vegniar appearance in punt
of our btlN, documents, and ieports, as for the ap-
pearance every morning, upon the table, of onr
breakfast; and if gentlemen will only adopt the
plan of lulling out to the lowest bidder the con-
tract for furnishing themselves with board in tins
city, they will, I doubt not, veiy soon come to
a realizing sense of the ineonvemcntandunprofit-
able character of the puneiple therein involved as
applied, to public printing.
This, sir, is unlike any other department of
Government service. For ships you can wait; for
guns you can generally wait; ami, ordinarily, you
are m no special huny for the various munitions
of war; but youeannolbe deprived of yourpnnt-
| iiig for a single day without serious embarras^-
I mcnt and loss of time. In the sense, therefore,
| of a leading element of the law-making power, the
I public printing underlies your armies, it underlies
I your navies, and e\ei y other arm of the national
service; and in this important particular, there-
fore, bears no analogy to the other depaitments
of the Government.
It was correctly maintained in 1846, in the course
of a debate on this subject, that by the old con-
tract system the " documents, reports, and bills,
would be imperfectly executed, without a proper
correction of the proof-sheets. These documents,
reports, and bills, constitute a part of each prelim-
inary proceeding to the passage of a law. 1 he law
is the result of the best judgment of the representa-
tive body, aud the highest evidence of our sovereign
functions; yet we publish this law, which must
be minutely correct in every word and syllable,
figure and mark, by contract," or give it out to
the lowest bidder.
Sir, the public printing has been made a subject
of general discussion, strife, and even quarrels, in
both Houses of Congress, and between th c various
political parties, with short intervals, for a full half
century; and up to this very hour is as prolific a
sourceof publicdebate,personal speculation,and
common scandal, as at any former period. It has
brought more contempt and disgrace upon our
Government than have come from any single cause
that can be mentioned.
In the pcrfovmancc of my duty as a member of
the Printing Committee, and as its chairman, I
have been compelled to look over tfte rccords re-
, lating to it, running back more than forty years;
aud from them I have learned that while wise and
good men in the Senate and House have labored
diligently to fix upon some plan whereby it could
be promptly and well executed, and at fair iates,
no such plan has been adopted; at least none has
been tried with satisfactory results or with per-
manent success. If we consult the records of 1819,
we shall find, even as far back as that, the Con-
gress of the United States floundering m the mire
of printing rascality, unable either to get its work
done at the proper time, as stipulated, or with
even tolerable accuracy. It was horribly executed,
on poor paper, and never ready when wanted;
and, as a consequence, members fiequently had
their bills and reports printed at private establish-
ments, at their own cost.
All this, let it be observed, took place under
I the contractand lowest-bidder system, which had
' been adopted many years before; and whoever
will take the trouble to look over the congressional
records of that period will find several resolutions
in condemnation of the way the printing was done;
but the following, passed December, 1818, indi-
cates the desire of reform that then existed:
"Rcsohed, That a jmnt committee of tiie two liousfs of
Congrcts be appointed to ennsub'rand repoii whothei any,
and it any, what, turihei provisions by law are necessaiy
to insure dispatch, accuracy, and neatness, 1.1 tlie printing
done by oidoi ol the two llouseaiespective)) ; and ihatthey
have leave to icpou b> bill."
So badly and tardily was the printing executed
that a joint committee of the two Houses was ap-
pointed to carefully examine into the whole sub-
ject, and suggest a remedy for an c\il that had
actually become intolerable, growing out of the
lowest-biddcrsystcm as it then existed. General
Wilson, a member of the Senate, a practical print-
er, and publisher of the Trenton True A merican,
was clnurinan of that committee; and he was as-
sisted by General T. A. Rogers, of Pennsylvania,
of the } louse, in the investigation that followed.
They went to New York and Philadelphia, and
juade diligent inquiry in respect to price, and the
best method of having the work done; and on
their return made a very valuable report in iela-
tion to the whole subject. As the position which
they then took in respect to a Government office
lias been clearly proved to be the true one by the
experience of more than forty years, I beg leave
to icad a portion of their report; or, rather, I will
ask that it be read from the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read, as follows:
'' J low far it i-< icpiitablc ior Cnngiess to rndonvor to get
that work done below a fan and ica«-onablc price may be
a matter of doubt, but it does not admit ot a question that
the compensation ought to be adequate to the object of pro-
euung that work to be done at a piopei time and in a suit-
able nuuuH-i. A second niodft sugge>ted to and con^ideied
b> ih<*comuiittee the establishment of a national pnnt-
ln? office, (with a bindery and stationery annexed,) which
should execute the work ot Congie^ while in se^ion,and
thatol tne various DepattinenU ot Government during the
reeef-, and should do all the binding, and furnish the sta-
1 t.on-'iv loi the Department* as well as for (.'ongiess. To as-
certain tiie amount of expenditures on these object5?, in-
i qumes. were audited by tiie committee to tlie heads of
. Dt-paitmcnts, Attorney Cii neral, and Postmaster General,
; jfnd an answer received fiom each. Some of the icpoits
j wcie made in such amannei as not to enable tiie coinnut-
i tec to t-eparate. tiie accounts for pnntinglroin those for bind-
' in-* and btationery, but the whole amount exceeds £41,000.
I Add to tins' tlie cxpi'ndituies of tiie Senate and llouse of
I Representatives on tiie same objects, iiamch : the former
| $SjO0O. and tiie hitter £13,000, and the aggregate co^t of the
! pubiie'pnntinjz, binding, and stationery i* about sixty-live
i thousand dollars a year, of which piobablv on* half is tor
: punting; and tins, it will be lenicnubmed, dot* not in-
clude tiie gieat variety and number of blank-* executed
eit>«'Wheie than at tlie seat ot Government from copies fur-
nished by theDepaunienw oi the Treasury, War, Stc., arid
which might all be done heic at a much Its* expense were
| a national puntimr ofnee established. The committee ate
j ef opinion that such an establishment, under the superin-
j tendency of a man of activity, integuty, and discretion,
, would ho likely to piuduce promptitude, uiuibimity, accu-
I rae\, and elegance, m tne execution of the public printing,
.j and' they are not certain that it would not in the result,
j connecting with it a bindery aud stationer}-, as already sug-
1 gosted, be found the mo*t economical- But as the pnncv-
