2484
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 30,
pie is somewhat novel, and the details would require some
deliberation, the committee have not deemed it advisable
at this late period of the session, and amidst the pressure
which both Houses experience from the accumulation of
businobs important to the nation or interesting to individ-
uals., to submit a proposition 011 winch there would proba-
bly bf a considerable diver&ity of opinion and consumption
of time."
Mr. GrURLEY. It is most remarkable, sir,
that those statements in the main, made nearly-
half a century ago, have been more than confirmed
by the subsequent history of printing; and, if
General Wilson's plan of a Government office had
then been adopted, millions in time and money
would have been saved to the country.
"What system came next? The adoption of a
standard of prices—a tariff, as it was called; and
this continued, with varying success and failure,
often with largo profits, increased by extra com-
pensation and otherwise, till Congress found it-
self once more involved in nearly all the evils of
the old plan, and several new ones peculiar to the
law of 1819. Indeed, this printing business was
sure to come up once in about two years, and
cause a general debate and scramble as to who
should share 111 its profits, accompanied with sug-
gestions as to other methods of doing the work,
promising better success. Meanwhile, the own-
ers of partisan newspapers would come in and
claim extra compensation, and take from the
Treasury large sums of money for alleged losses
(sustained; but the abuses became so flagrant at
last, that, in 1846, Congress returned to the low-
est-bidder or contract system, with such addi-
tional checks and guards as experience and ob-
servation enabled them to throw around it. This
time it was so well matured, and so carefully
guarded, it was thought it must succeed, and its
friends believed that a bright printing era was to
begin with the operation of the new law.
Did they realize their expectations? Did the
lowest-bidder method succeed any better than it
did before the enactment of the law of 1810? It
did not. It broke down 111 less than six years.
In practical operation, and throughout its entire
existence, it proved a constant annoyance and a
source of endless trouble to Congress. The old
complaints of bad work and slow execution, which
had been so often heard forty years before, broke
forth with renewed vigor. It called out unquali-
fied condemnation and denunciation from both
Houses. Combinations were formed, as there
will always be, to monopolize the printing con-
tracts, and fix the prices at a high figure. The
business of Congress actually stopped for the lack
of reports and documents ordered, as we shall
soon show. In the middle of the session that was
held before the passage of the law of 1852, the
contractor broke down, surrendered his contract
to the Government, and it was 111 testimony before
the House investigating committee that he re-
ceived, as a consideration therefor, the sum of
$40,000.
Now, then, what thought and said honorable
gentlemen of that period, who had had full ex-
perience, about this printing business? What
said they about the lowest-bidder or contract sys-
tem, so much lauded by many of this day, not-
withstanding its repeated, disgraceful, and entire
failures ?
Hon. Mr. King remarked on one occasion:
" Wo have not had our documents, [the oif-repeatod
story 0! former years,] and have been unable to tuniHi
them t<> our constituents. We arc unable to obtain tho^c
winch are necessary lor our in formation 111 the matter of
legislation. Tins business ol pimung, in my judgment, has
already been postponed too long, and we ought to act
promptly upon it."
What said Senator Cass, in 185*2, of this print-
ing annoyance which always accompanied the
lowest-bidder plan ?
" Every Senator know* thf condition of the public print-
ing, We have been here for over eight month.-, and the
m<vt important poitiou ot that printing is yet to be done.
It is now proposed, after this length of time, to remedy the
eryuig evil."
On another occasion he remarked:
iK Weha\ebeen here now about nine months, and during
that time the public printing ha*- bei'n badly executed and
very much delated, certainly to the injury of the public
u-e. Tlu'ic is not a enisle Senator \\ ho does not know
it, and who will not sa> ^o." -*■*■* <. jn
1115 opinion, we ought to make some arrangement for the
pi uitimr. The census, taken more than two years ago, re-
mains locked up, .ind no human being, unless he goes to
examine the rrcoid, knows what it is."
What said Senator Bright, about the same time?
Disguise it as we may, the public printing ia an nn-
portantmatter." * * * "The people have
been kept here in suspense for several months ; the public
business lias been retatded on account of the condition m
which our public documents are."
Another Senator, Hon. Mr. Douglas, uttered
bitter complaints:
" It is useless,"lie &aid, " to order the printing of docu-
ments unless we can have them executed. We are ordering
every day, and every hour, in fact, extra numbers of docu-
ments that are important to our legislation, and still we
cannot get the work done, and legislation is, therefore, post-
poned 011 account of it." * * * * " It has
been successfully shown that the contract system underthc
Departments is a mere mockery, covering up contracts to
their own partisans, and paying not the slightest tegard
whatever to the lowest hid that may be put in."
Mr. Smith, of Connecticut, bore the following
testimony:
"I do not believe that any contract you could make, on
the principle of giving it to the lowest bidder, would be ex-
ecuted in such a manner as the public service rcqunes. f
care not what may be the stipulations of the contract; I
care not what guarantees you may demand of the Public
Printer—ol any man who may give the lowest bid for the
public printing—>ou never can get the contract executed in
buch a manner as the public mteiests requiie." x *
* * The real difficulty is with the system we have
adopted of public piinung. it is a vicious system." *
•v * * " Being penny wise and pound foolish/'
Hon. Mr. Chandler, of Philadelphia, an old pub-
lisher, remarked that
"The mode now adopted [the contract system] is ex-
ploded, and we must abandon it."
Hon. Mr. Orr, late Speaker of the House, gave
his experience on the subject, as follows:
'•The gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Marshall,] the
chairman ol the select committee 011 printing, as well as
my&elf, have, lor three years, been strenuous advocates of
the contract system. We have done eveiythmg m our
powei to have it executed. I believed, when wo commenced
it, that we could succeed. 1 have become satisfied, liomthe
experience of the present cession, Unit it 1-, impracticable
fiom the circumstances which surround us here."
Declarations like these might be multiplied to
almost any extent, but 1 will only refer to the
testimony of three other honorable gentlemen.
Senator Hale bore this decided and correct tes-
timony:
u We have tried the contract system, and it failed ; that
is conceded. Wo have tucd the plan of electing u Public
Printer, and it failed; that is conceded. Let us now, then,
take the tiling into our own hands altogether; appoint our
own Hupeimteiulent; hue our woikmen; buy our own
paper and proves; and in that way we can do the woik to
our own satisfaction, and as cheaply as by any other mode."
These are the objects sought in the bill before
the House.
Sir, if this very sensible talk had then been em-
bodied in a law, more than a million dollars would
have been saved to the Government from that
period to the present time; and Congress also
would have been saved the necessity of appoint-
ing several investigating committees, who, at great
expense, have been fending out the frauds and
abuses of the present system, to say nothing of
the general scandal and demoralization that must
always attach to any method but the honest one
of the Government doing its own work in a dhcct
way, and at simple cost.
Senator Weller remarked, in the debate on this
subject, as follows:
'•There aie many of us here who are satisfied that the
eontiaet system, alter an,experiment, lias most signally
laded."
1 will close this branch of my subjcctby a quo-
tation from Hon. Mr. Marshall's report, pre-
sented to the House July 31, 1852. He made it
as chairman of a special committee raised to de-
vise some better plan for doing the public print-
ing, and I regard its reasoning on the contract or
lowest-bidder system as unanswerable.
u The contracts) stem was established upon the idea that
it seemed economy, and wa-< the lairest mode of selecting
the Printer, s-ince it hoomod to present the largest field for
competition among tho^e who weie desirous of employ-
ment m the business of congressional printing. Expeu-
eiico ha-, demonsturted the laet that neither of these ele-
ment^, upon which the M<tom was founded in theory,
appear to work well in ptactice. Fust, economy is not
secured, because the work, when performed at all, lias al-
\va> a been badly executed, and comes to Congress so tard-
ily that the subjects to which the printed matter relates
have either been deposed of beiore we receive the docu-
ment, or have parsed away fiom the attention of'Congrcs-s,
for the want of the information the document is supposed
to contain. It must be apparent to all that this delay com-
pels Congress to legislate in the dark, or not to legit-late at
all; and consequently that it is disastrous to that intelli-
gent determination ot questions which the public expects
trom such atnbunal as this; also fatal to the practice of
enlightened public economy.
" independent of these considerations, experience has
shown that, while contracts have been repeatedlygiven un-
der ihe system, there is 110 instance in which C'dngresa hap
not been memorialized and appealed to for indemnity and
remuneration for alleged losses of the contractors. Oui files
now contain such memorials from-Wendell and Van Ben-
tbuvsen, from IUtclne, and we shall have another from
Hamilton. Congress seldom resistssuch applications, when
urged with perseveiance. The votes which have been taken
in ibis and the last Congress, upon some of these applica-'
tion«., leave little room for doubt that, whatever expectation
may have been formed of realising economy of expendi-
ture by resorting to a contract with the lowe&t bidder, will
be disappointed by the ultimate settlement with the con-
tractor, who appeals from the hardships of ins contract to
the generosity and magnanimity of Congress.
'•The delay—tlio imperfect execution of the work, the
inconvenience of legislating without the aid of printed mat-
ter, embodying the information submitted to the considera-
tion of Congress, would seem to present sufficient reasons
to abolish the system. The pilnting ordered by the last
Congress is not yet completed; that ordered by this Con-
gress has been delayed, as we all know, to a degree and
extent which have been greatly inconvenient, and, indeed,
prejudicial to the public interests. It will always be thus
under that system. But, in the second place, the idea of
enlarging the field of competition for the employment and
seeming fairness among bidders lias proved an erroralso."
***********
" My own reflection upon the contract system has in-
duced the conclusion that it is enormous. in the very prin-
ciples upon which it is based. The principle is, that he is
the bebt pe'rson to employ who will work the cheapest. The
only ciiterion the system proposes whereby to judge the
peison to be employed is the cheapness of the bid. As this
is to be reppated at eacli Congress, by advertising anew for
new proposals, and constantly referring the decision of the
choice to the  aine standaid, (the late ot tne bid.) it will
be seen that, no matter how faithfully the Public Printer
may have executed his contract, or how much he may have
expended m his preparation to do the work so as to suit the
wishes ol Congiess, or how much Congress may de.sne to
continue lam 111 that employment, tin; system closes the
door upon him, and upon Congress also, if any competitor
shall have undeibid him to the amount of five dollars. This
fact makes the contract for the printing of Congress a haz-
aidous enterprise for a man of business. lie must neees-
sauly invest very extensively in materials essential to the
conduct of his business, and must keep a large capital in
movement to pay ordinary and extraordinary expenses.
Should he fail to secure aienewai ofthecontractafterhis
first term, the depreciation upon his stock will overbalance
any legitimate profits he coutd moke on a fair contract; for
no piopeity that I know of is so unavailable as old presses,
half-worn type, desks, cases, and the ordinary fixtures of a
printing establishment, llencc you find practically that the
eontiuetor is not prepared and fears to picpare himself to
execute the work with dispatch ; for the law holds out no
assurance of continuance in employment as a leward for
fidelity to his engagement; but,on the contrary, proclaims
tliat skill, honesty, and the pioper performance ot the eon-
tiaet, will.ali be home away and overwhelmed by a bid, if
it shall be ten dollars cheaper than the bid of the Punter
wiio may have invested his means as t have supposed."
The failure of the contract system for the sec-
ond time was considered so signal and complefe
that it found very few advocates; and while the
bill was pending which soon became a law, and
under which the printing is now done, Senator
Hale offered a substitute, by way of an amend-
ment, which provided for a public printing office;
which amendment received 18 votes against 28 in
the Senate.
And now, sir, strange as it may appear, the
very law then adopted as a sure and complete icm-
cdy for nil the evils complained of has become a
by-word and reproach, and both Houses are try-
ing to get rid of it by some radical cjhange. .
In my judgment, sir, there is but'a single safe
and economical plan of doing this work, and that
I have already indicated by the amendment before
the House; and I must confess that lam ignorant
of a solitary sound reason that can be offered why
our Government should not do its own work at
simple cost. On this subject, what say disinter-
ested gentlemen who know the most about it? I
do not ask, what say the owners of partisan news-
papers 111 this city—those who enjoy and seek the
plunder of the present scheme of doing the work;
for we expect all such to fight against every real
reform that may be suggested. A paper that can
barely live, after receiving therefrom §20,000 per
year, can very well afford 10 utter a great deal of
virtuous indignation against the principle em-
bodied in my bill, which, by the way, if it ever
becomes a law, must leave Government organs to
take care of themselves as best they can. As it
makes an end of all printing plunder, so long and
justly complained of, it would be very strange if
the mere spoilsmen of every party did not. vehe-
mently oppose it; but seek the opinion of expe-
rienced gentlemen, who know all there is to know
about the various methods of doing the work, and
nine out of every ten will tell you that a public
office is the sole remedy for the numberless evils
of the past.
The late investigation, sir, into the alleged
abuses in die printingdepartment led to an exam-
ination, as you are aware, of some very import-
