521)
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
grounds that would not be in affirmation or denial
of the power, one way or another. If it passes,
it is, to be sure, affirming the power of the Senate
to a, certain point; but if it is negatived, in con-
sequence of the votes of those who hold that we
ought to proceed through all the stages of bills,
then the inference is—certainty it may be so con-
strued—that the Senate have decided that they
have not power to do it. Therefore, I think my
first impression in reference to it is correct, that
while in one event it may affirm the power, in the
*>ther it may in fact be construed to deny the
power, when it is not the intention of Senators so
voting to deny it.
Mr. HUNTER. Allow me to suggest to the
Senator from Maine a mode in which he can ac-
complish his purpose. He can move to amend
the resolution; and if he fails to amend it so as to
make it correspond with his own views, he may
then vote for it. He will thus save his consist-
ency, and show his own opinions.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I would prefer that the
Senator from Virginia should propose the amend-
ment, and raise the question.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator differs from me
in opinion in regard to the expediency of the case,
and therefore I could not propose an amendment
such as he has indicated. He can only show his
opinion by moving an amendment to the resolu-
tion, and taking the sense of the Senate on that.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. It seems to me that if
the gentlemen from Maine and Connecticut would
consider tins resolution a little, it must be under-
stood by them as meeting their views entirely. It
affirms the power of the Senate to proceed legis-
latively so far as regards its own part of the legis-
lative authority; but it goes further, and declares
that, from considerations of expediency, we will
not proceed further with it than the reading of a
bill a second time. That is what the resolution
says; that is the meaning of it—nothing else.
Mr. COLLAMER. Suppose I believe tlmt we
not only possess the power, but ought to exercise
it, and go as far as the final passage of a bill—how
shall I vote on this resolution?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. It seems to me you
should vote for the resolution, because, when-
ever you can get a majority of the Senate to eon-
cur with you on that point, as they have already
expressed their concurrence with you as to the
power, tliey will pass the bill. When you can
persuade them that it is expedient to proceed,
they will have 110 doubt about the power, and
will vote with you on the question of expediency.
Mr. COLLAMER. But they will have already
committed themselves by the passage of this res-
olution asserting that we ought not to exercise the
power by passing the bill.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The Senate is looking
now foi some rule. I think that with this affirm-
ance we ought to be satisfied. AVhcn we sav we
have the power, that must satisfy these gentlemen
on that part of the question. As to the expe-
diency of the case, I did not suppose there was
any grave question on thai point. If the Senate
have the power of proceeding further, it will be
competent for them at all times, when it shall be-
come in their opinion expedient to proceed further,
to say so and do so.
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 ani a little embarrassed
about tins proposition now, although I like two
thirds of it at any rate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from Rhode
Island will allow me, I will present an amendment
which 1 think will meet the question directly.
Mr. SIMMONS. I was going to make a sug-
gestion to the Senator from Delaware, that if this
proposition be withdrawn, [ Will make the motion
which I made before. I think it better to take
the question m the state in which it arose. The
debate arose on the question of referring to a com-
mittee a bill that hau been read twice, and that is
the precise point at which I want to affirm our
right to act, for, as I understand the Senator from
Virginia, the precedents go to the extent of show-
ing that on occasions when there has been pro-
tracted delay in the organization of the House of
Representatives, the Senate had proceeded no fur-
ther thifti to refer matters to committees. That is
the precise condition we are in now; a motion was
made to refer a bill after it had been read twice to
a committee, upon which this discussion came up.
I thought we could take the sense of the Senate
upon that motion, and when the proposition
comes to read the bill a third time, then will be the
time to take the other question. By this mode we
all understand what we are about, and I have
always noticed that when you take business in
the natural order in which it arises, you will
always hit it best. If the Senator from Delaware
will withdraw this resolution, we may take the
sense of the Senate upon the propriety of going
so far with initiating business here as to read bills
twice, with a view to their reference to the com-
mittees to prepare them for action. If we do that,
I think we shall have time to attend to a good deal
of business before we come to the other question
of reading them a third time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I offer an amendment to
the pending resolution, which I think will present
the question directly. It is to strike Out all after
the word "That," and insert:
Until a House of Representatives has met and organized,
the Senate has no constitutional power to transact legisla-
tive business.
Upon that I should like to have the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I would suggest to the
Senator from Illinois that it is possible this may
not meet the question very precisely. There may
be a difference of opinion as to what constitutes
organization. If the Senator would add after the
word "organized" the words " by the election of
a Speaker," it would presentthe question exactly
as it now stands before us.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 do not think the clectiou
of a Speaker would be necessary. I think a House
might meet and we might transact legislative busi-
ness, although they bad 110 Speaker. I should
not like to confine it 111 that way. If the House
of Representatives has met and organized, al-
though there might be no Speaker, I think we
could transact legislative business.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. President 
Mr. MASON. If the Senators will allow me,
I have but a word to soy. I agree entirely with
the purposes of the amendment of the honorable
Senator from Illinois, but I submit to him whether
the test of the organization of the other House
should not be in the form of a communication of
the House, as is contained 111 the resolution offered
by the Senator from Delaware. I will read for
information only, what I have sketched here; but
1 am perfectly willing to take that of the Senator
if lie will put it 111 that way. I had sketched this
as a substitute:
That until the Senate is informed by a communication
from the House of liopresenmtives that the House is or-
ganized and ready to proceed to biwnes-<, the Senate is not
competent to proeced to any legislative business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That will meet my views.
I would suggest, however, to the Senator from
Virginia, whether it would be best to confine it
to a communication from the House, if we ascer-
tained the fact that tliey were organized and ready
to proceed to business.
Mr. MASON. I do not make it as a technical
question, a matter of form; but the only way we
can officially know that the other House is organ-
ized, is by a communication from the House. It.
is the invariable usage, when the House is organ-
ized, to inform 11s of the fact; and, therefore, I
think it is safer to allow the House to determine
when it is organized, and we should not appear to
interfere. If the Senator will allow me, if lie will
withdraw his amendment, I will offer this as a
substitute.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will do so.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It may be done by
unanimous consent; the yeas and nays having
been ordered. The Chair hears no objection.
Now, tin,1 question is on the amendment of tile
Senator from Virginia, to strike out all after the
word " That," and insert:
Until the Senate is informed by a communication trom
the Iton-e ot Representatives that the House is organized
and ready to proceed to business, the Senate is not compe-
tent to proceed to any legislative business.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, it strikes
me as remarkably singular that the constitutional
powers of the Senate of the United States are to
depend upon the fact whether the House of Rep-
resentatives chooses to send a communication of
any character to us. The amendment contem-
plates that. I admit that it is not probable such
a contingency will arise; but suppose, from bad
feelintr engendered in the minds of members of
the House of Representatives, or anything else,
they should choofee never to inform the Senate
that they were organized, are the constitutional ^
powers of this body toerid? It strikes me that this
amendment is subject to very serious objection.
Mr. MASON. I would say, in a word, that I
cannot conceivc of a case where the Houseof
Representatives is organized, that it will not in-
form us. It is the invariable practice. It is not
only courtesy, but it is a part of their constitu-
tional duty to let us know that a Congress has
been formed. Certainly, it is the safest course
and the most courteous course to leave the House
to determine when it is organized and ready to
proceed to business, and when it is not; but if by
possibility a case should occur when the House
was organized and yet did not inform us, and we
knew it Would not inform us, we might pass a
different resolution.
Mr.CLINGMAN. Tcannotvotefortheamend-
ment. The Constitution and laws of the coun-
try require that members of Congress should be
elected, and should assemble at this time to trans-
act business. I think we have the right to pre-
sume the fact independently of any knowledge.
I have no doubt that thcl-e is now a House of
Representatives for certain purposes. I have no
doubt that the power of the Senate is complete.
I agree with the Senator from Delaware. 1 would
not, as a matter of expediency just now, be dis-
posed to put bills through; though I have no doubt
of our power to do it. I cannot, therefore, vote
for this amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment offered by the Senator from
Virginia.
Mr. MASON. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. 1VERSON. I desire to know from the
Senator from Virginia who has offered this amend-
ment what he understands by the transaction of
legislative business. Will it preclude vis from in-
troducing any matter to the Senate, memorials',
petitions, resolutions, &c., and having the action
i of the Senate, referring them to committees, or
I making any other disposition of them? Does it
i preclude the committees from examining cases
1 and making reports to the Senate ? It appears to
me that alf this is legislative business. No mo-
tion can pass, no resolution call pass, no order of
the Senate can be made, without a vote; and every
step we take upon anything is ah action of the
body, and may be legislative action. I want to
know of the Senator from Virginia what he merms
by legislative action; because, if we are to be pre-
cluded from all sort of business, we might as well
simply meet here every day and immediately ad-
journ. I shall vote against the proposition, if that
is the scope and tenor of it.
Mr. HALE. I move to strike out from the
amendment the words " by a communication from
the House of Representatives;" so that it will
read, when amended:
That until the Senate is informed that tile Hodse is or-
ganized and ready to proceed to business, the Senate is not
competent to proceed to any legislative business.
Mr. MASON. It seems to mo to be safer to
express in the resolution y as the sense of the Sen-
ate, that the House of Representatives alone can
determine when it is organized, and we cannot
determine that officially but from the House. T
cannot, therefore, assent to the Senator's sng-
gestion; but if my amendment be so amended, it
will be very acceptable tome, if the Senate adopt
it ill that shape.
Mr. DAVIS. I shall vote against the resolu-
tion and against both amendments, and will very
briefly give my reasons. The power to legislate
of course belongs to Congress, and Congress is
composed of two bodies, a Senate and a House
of Representatives; but each acts independently
of the other. The Senate alone cannot make a
law; but the Senate may mature a bill, go through
all the forms required in the Senate, and then
send it to the House of Representatives. I can-
not admit, therefore, that we have not the consti-
tutional power to act. I should think it would be
a very sad condition, if the House should be de-
layed until within one week of the end of the
Congress, if, in the mean time, the Senate had
not the power to prepare any of the business on
which the House in that short time could act. I
do not think it is required by the Constitution, and
I think it would be inexpedient.
