1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2485
ant witnesses,and among them none more so than
Mr. Heart, the present able and honest Superin-
tendent of the Public Printing. He is a gentle-
man who takes singular pride in his profession as
a printer, and acts, as I believe, with a. single eye
to the public interests; and I feel the more free to
bear this testimony because he is a political oppo-
nent.
Tie testified, as follows:
a T would be willing—and this will show my impression
011 the subject—I would be willing, as a printer, to give
bond and security to execute the entire public printing anil
binding at a saving to the Government of §100,000 a year
on present prices; and I would then, if receiving ail the
pioiits over and above that amount, consider myself making
a good bargain. I believe fiom one hundred and twenty
to one hundred and forty thousand dollars might be saved
by the Government executing its own printing and bind-
ing.'*'
In answer to a question, he said:
"Yes, sir; my opinion is, that Government should do
this prin ling as it does it* writing, by its own agents, under
its own control, to bf executed, not in confuimity to the
interests of the contiactors, but in accordance with the exi-
gencies ot the Government. I believe that a public print-
ing ofhee could be placcd upon such a footing that any doc-
ument, I do not care how voluminous, might be returned
to the House ordering it within thirty days.
'• Question. Then your conclusion is, that a Government
punting office, established upon the plan you have sug-
gested. would be for the best interests of the country?
" Answer. It is the only way to correct the piesent
abusesj not only m the manner of executing tiie piinting,
but also the impeding of the public business, winch so often
oecuis by reason of the delay in electing a Printer. Both
the public interests and the public business would be best
consulted by establishing a Government ollicc. The pres-
ent machinery of supei vision would be all that was neces-
saiy, the office bemgautbonzed to employ four cleiks,and
only employing three at present."
Mr. William Towers, who has been cleric in
the Superintendent'^ office seven years, and who
has also been engaged in the work twenty years,
testified in this way:
''My own preferences have always been for a national
printing otiice. The saving that might be crtected by the
establishment of a national office, would be ju t the pioiits
which the L'nbiic Printers now make in their establish-
ments, ii tUey .uc propeiiy conducted.''
Mr. James English, who has had charge of the
congressional and executive printing for the last
six years, is equally explicit in his statement,
winch is:
v> There could be nothing better than a Government office
at the picyjut tunc. The Government might save at!eu->t,
fiit> pel cent, by it. Give me Mr. Wendell's*establishment,
and i will lake the punting and do it for tilty per cent, ot
what it now cost*, i would make money by it, too; that
ts, taking it all round, the printing tor both llous.es and all
the jJepaitmcntf'." -a
Mr. JohnT. Crowcll, who has been connected
with the Government printing for the last fifteen
years, testified thus:
L have tnought, and still think, that a Government
printing office would be the cheapest and best way of hav-
ing ihe p.inting executed. The work could be done for
one hah ot what is now paid lor it."
Another gentleman, who has been engaged on
the public printing twenty years, Mr. John Lar-
eohibc, bears the following strong testimony:
" It jou mean to ask me what 1 could do it ioi if I had
ciiatge ot the public puntutg, whether lor the Government
oi otherwise, I think it sate to say that, with u well-iur-
nishf.u establishment, I would be veiygiad to have theop-
poiuimty to do the Government work at filty per cent."
*_ * * •'> Mr. English and uiyselt oileredt" do
the work for Mr. Wendell lor toity per cent, on the prices
now paid. We made our calculations, and found that it
could be done, it it had been given to us, the establish-
ment would have been to us just what a Government office
would be. Wo were pcileetly willing to undeitake the
wotk foi that price, not at all teaung tluu wc would tail to
execute the printing tor it; that is, n the punting was such
a= we expected—the punting tor both Houses and the Kx-
'ecutive.''
Air. Wendell himself, who has been engaged
in printing thirty-odd years, and who has been
Printer to Congress several years, testified, in
reply to a question as to the best method of doing
the public printing, as follows:
"As a matter of economy and expedition, a national
printing office would save one halt what it now costs, alter
the tn^tyeau Let mu instance. If the Government had
established a national printing office lor the Thirty-Third
Congress, six years ago, it would have saved the entiie cost
ot the office lhat Congress, whilw the hist two Congresses
it would have ■saved one half of the amount paid tor the
public punting.
*' As a matter ot economy, a national office would save
one halt oi what it now oo->u. 11 tiie wotk was secured to
mrj ior •jia ycais, I would he willing to take it ioi one halt
the amount jou have paid to have'it done duung the last
six years, and would consider myself a made man, because
one hail the price would pay me a large mtcie^ton inyeap-
nal invested. i would he willing to take the GIodc and all
the other work in a lump, and do it for one halt the price
novvpaid by the Government. Iknowitcanbedonc, because,
as I have before stated, I have done it."
Mx-. John D. Defrces expresses a correspond-
ing opinion. He said:
" I have thought a good deal about it since 1 have been
connected with the printing business for twenty years, off
and on. They tried the contract system in our State, and
it failed for a great many reasons; and I have thought that,
if a punting bureau could be established, well guarded, it
would be the most economical plan for a State or Govern-
ment."
Perhaps it w.ill now be asked, if the work can
be done at these reduced rates, why cannot pri-
vate individuals do it as well as the Government ?
I answer, there are several important reasons
to be given why they cannot, besides the conclu-
sive one implied in the entire failure of the attempt
to accomplish it during the last forty years. In
the first place, no man is justified in fitting up an
office for the chance of doing the work for two
years, as the expense incurred is beyond the means
of most persons. In the language of another, 1
remark:
"A bidder cannot state, understanding]}', the lowc&t
price at which he can aftbul to execute the jobs of printing
without knowing their chaiaeter,the number to be piintcd,
and many other details winch he cannot by possibility know
wheu he makes ins offer,because he is requned topiopose
for the execution of jobs of punting yet to bo given, and
which cannot be specified, lie has to take his chances for
a fair pioporuon ot profitable or fat orders, and, in his anx-
iety to get the conttact,his calculations are veiy much gov-
erned by the temperament of the man. (This is not the
case with the building of a hou^e oi ship, where a skillful
woikman can estimate to the liundi ed the number oi bucks
requned, and the length ot time necessaiy to lay them in a
house, or to the squaic foot and pound ot iron to build a
ship.) Some men have reputation and capital to invest in
such contracts, and are cau'ful ot both ; these make iair,
sale bids; but they arc undeibid by others, who have neither
reputation nor capital, who are willing to take the chances,
and who, if the chances turn mit against them, will tluow
themselves on the magnanimity of their Government, which
ceitainly will not evpect a manVlaborand threxprndmnc
of his capital without returning an equivalent therefor.
Such arguments have been used, and successfully, too;
they will be used again, and, whether successful or not,
their lormer success leaves no loom loi doubt lhat they will
entei largely into the estimates of some bidden."
Now, then, Mr. Speaker, seeing, as we must,
very clearly, that we can save over one hundred
thousand dollars per annum by a public office of our
own; seeing that the entire printing can be thus
done without noise, without clamor, without cor-
rupt combinations, and without general demoral-
ization; that it can be executed promptly and expe-
ditiously, and with the same officers and cleiks
now employed in the Superintendent's depart-
ment, two foremen added; seeing, also, that such
an office, under the dircet oyc of Congress, would
prove as satisfactory in its operations, as care-
fully adjusted and well oiled machinery, why
should a great Government like ours, supported
by thirty million people, subject itself to every
sort of public scandal, as well as the greatest in-
convenience, by attempts to parcel out—nay, ped-
dle out, for that is the appropriate phrase—why,
I say, m view of all these facts before us, should
it go out into the streets and p< ddle out that most
important work that is of daily and almost hourly
necessity here? Ours, I believe, is the only lead-
ing Government that seeks in tins way to reward
partisan friends; the only one of the class that
docs not execute its own work, and avoid the
hinderance which it brings to legislation. Why,
after all our signal failures, should we go out, and
virtually set up at auction a leading element of the
law-making power, with the certainty, almost,
that if bid olf at too low a rate, the bidder will
come back to Congress for extra pay, and, judg-
ing the future by the past, will be almost sure to
obtain it, with more than double interest?
But I am surprised that those who are so soli-
citous to establish the lowest-bidderprinciple, that
has thus far miserably failed, as applied to public
p3 inting here, do not hasten to secure its adoption
with reference to other departments of the Gov-
ernment. Why Lot apply it to the Pension Office,
the Library, the door-keeping, and Clerkship of
each House, as well as the various bureaus in
Washington? Why not adopt the theory and
carry it out in full, and let all these out to the
lowest bidder? They arc not half so intimately
connected with the law-making power, not half
so essential to correct and speedy legislation, as
the public printing. Besides, why not go a little
further, and job out the whole legislation of the
country to the lowest bidder ?— Who doubts that
it would be taken at a very low rate? I am
quite sure that many good people will be willing
to affirm that it could be done not "only much
cheaper, but a great deal better. Why, sir, the
country is full of patriots who would be sure to
throw in some remarkably low bids for the very
interesting work which we are trying to'do. Some
persons, however, in reasoning on this subject,
ask: why not have a Government paper-mill as
well as well as printing office? This question
implies a pure fallacy.
For the best of reasons, I answer: you can go
into the general market any day and purchase
paper of any quality and amount; but can you go
there and buy your bills and reports in print ?
Nay, sir; no one deals in those articles but the
legislators themselves, and these bills arc a part
of the machinery of Government itself. If paper
could not be created except by the direct agency
of Government, then wc might establish mills;
but as it is found everywhere, we can go out and
purchase it. But gentlemen will bear in mind, at
the same time, that you must here create what
you would print; and then print what you create;
order it, and then wait for it. You find it in no
market upon the face of the earth; and the idea,
therefore, that you must make paper-mills if a
public printing office is establisneu, is shallow
sophistry.
For myself, I have not the shade or shadow
of doubt that an office of the kind is the only and
final remedy for the numberless evils connected
with the various plans that have been tried; and
whenever established, will end, once for all, all
debate and clamor on the subject; the man who
lives to sec it fairly tried, will see the whole work
cheaply, expeditiously, and well done. And when
would Congress abandon such a system ? At the
same time, and not before, that the people aban-
don railroads for mud roads in traveling, and
spiing carriages for ox caits in pleasure riding.
Each Congress would convenc with the pleasant
assurance that nobody would attempt to run the
members down to secure their votes for a Printer.
The work would bo quietly executed, and reports
and bills laid upon their desks at the proper time.
But some nervous gentlemen are greatly alarmed
at the idea started that a Government printing
officc would become a sort of hospital for political
invalids. This, to me, appears not only absurd, but
absolutely ridiculous. Sir, what sort of a hospital
must that be whcic each man receives the wages,
and no more,*of a journeyman printer—the same
received in every private establishment in town ?
Pray, and does a man become a political pensioner
upon Government because he sets a thousand ems,
as punters express it, and receives therefor the
honest wages that belong to him? If he sets no
type, he gets no pay; and my bill specially guards
against employing more hands than are absolutely
necessary to do the public work. Is it not a thou-
sand times better to give the toiling printers fair
and even liberal wages, than scatter broadcast
among political favorites the profits of their labor?
If anybody must be specially benefited, I say let
it be the men who do the work.
Setting type, sir, is something that belongs not
to lazy political invalids, but to active, wide-
awake, and painstaking men; and of this latter
class, for the most part, are journeymen printers.
I speak what I do know—for I published and
edited a newspaper myself sixteen years—when
' | I say that there is not a more intelligent, honora-
:; ble,auddescrvingclass of workmen in the country
' j than those who fill our printing offices, and labor
'; night and day to give us our newspapers and
i; books. There is just about as much danger that
!; the New York Tribune, Herald,-andTimes offices
will become a rendezvous for broken-down poli-
!; tieians, as that a public printing officc would be-
come such, managed by a competent and honest
' man. If printing on a large scale can be done
cheaper and better and more promptly by the
lowest contract system, why do not the owners of
those papers which advocate it for the Government
j putin practice their #wn theory, and job out their
I own work? Why docs a stock company owning
' a newspaper of large circulation advise Congress
; to do what it wouid never think of doing for it-
self?
A New York paper stated, not long since, that
large publishing houses there were in the habit ot
| jobbing out their printing, of giving out their
books to be printed by the lowest bidder, because
it was found to be bettor and more piofitable. My
answer to the statement 1 here give in the language
