I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
36tii Cong — 1st Sess. The Calhoun Revolution: Its Basis and its Progress—Mr. Dooliitle.
Senates.
stood anciently; we do not stand whore oar fa-
thers stood upon this slavery question; as much
as to say, we do notbclieve in what "Washington
believed and Jefferson believed and Madison be-
lieved and Monroe believed, and all the leading-
men of Virginia, for the first fifty years of our
existence under the Constitution, believed; we
have changed our opinions in Virginia, and instead
of now admitting that slavery is an evil, to be re-
stricted and discouraged, and which we may hope
and pray may be some day entirely removed from
the Kepublic, we now take the ground that it is a
blessing, to be fostered, encouraged, and extended,
as a benefit to the black man and a benefit to the
white. Mr. President, I do not find fault with gen-
tlemen when they change their opinions 
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator allow me to
inturrupt him 5
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Certainly.
Mr. MASON. The Senator, I presume, in re-
ferring to a Senator from Virginia, referred to my
colleague.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I did.
Mr. MASON. I have not a very distinct rec-
ollection of what opinions he advanced on the
occasion to which the Senator alludes. I presume
he alludes to a debate during the present session.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Yes, sir.
Mr. MASON. I think, however, that he has
been quoted by the honorable Senator, substan-
tially, correctly. Certainly, I believe that because
of the aggressions committed by the servile States,
commonly called the free States, upon the condi-
tion of African bondage in the South, the mind
of the South has been more turned toward it, and
by reason of that further consideration, more de-
liberation, pondering more deeply upon the rela-
tions subsisting between the African race m this
country and the white race, the opinion once en-
tertained, certainly in my own State, by able and
distinguished men and patriots, that the condi-
tion of African slavery was one more to be de-
plored than to be fostered, has undergone a change;
and that the uniform—1 might almost say univer-
sal—sentiment in my own State upon the subject
of African bondage is, that it is a blessing to both
races—one to be encouraged, chcrished, and fos-
tered; and to that extent the opinion of Virginia
is different from the opinion entertained by those
distinguished men who have now gone, but who,
we believe, best knowing their sentiments, if they
lived m this day would concur with us. That is
the present opinion. I was not present when this
debate arose, and I am at some loss to know how
this question of the merits or demerits of the con-
dition of African bondage lias arisen in the Senate
of the United States; for it is a question 1 should
think purely abstract, and with which we have
nothing to do. [See Note 13.]
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, the honor-
able Senator who has just taken his seat was
not present when the debate arose. This dis-
cussion has grown up and become, in its nature,
somewhat conversational, in consequence of my
having been interrupted several times, having
made m the outset a general renauk on this sub-
ject of slavery, that the men of the South had
latterly taken diffeient ground from that hereto-
fore occupied by them, and the honorable Sen-
ator from Virginin now confirms the, statement
which I mad'4, for which I am much obliged to
the honorable Senator. I take it that it must be
conceded that the same opinions are not to-day
entertained on the subject of slavery, as an ab-
stract question, among the leading men of the
South, which were entertained for the first fifry
years of the existence of this Government under
the Constitution of the United States. This rev-
olution is fundamental; and if we go to the very
bottom of it, we shall find that it is based upon the
idea recently adopted, as the honorable gentleman
from Virginia has now stated, that negro slavery
is right, a blessing to both races, black and white.
The churches of the South, the schools of the
South, the public press of the South, the Legis-
latures of the South, and the statesmen of the
South, to-day maintain that doctrine. • From this
comparatively new idea have proceeded all those
struggles which have agitated the country for the
last ten years. Claiming to be a positive good,
slavery becomes, of necessity, aggressive. It de-
mands—
First, that the power of Congress to restrict or
limit its expansion shall be given up ;
Secondly, that the people of a Territory shall
have no power to limit or exclude it; and
Thirdly, that by a decree of the Supreme Court,
which the President declares to be irrevocable,
the Constitution, of its own force, guaranties the
right to take and hold slaves, under its protec-
tion, in all the Territories we now have, or may
hereafter ever acquire.
I do not complain of gentlemen who may change
their opinions. It is any man's right—more, sir,
duty—to change his opinion when convinced of
error; but what I complain of is this: that when
you have changed your opinions, you insist that
we shall also change our opinions, and take the
same new grounds which you now take; and say,
that if we of the free States, whom you sometimes
call the majority in this Confederacy, shall still
maintain the same opinions which our fathers
maintained, and your fathers maintained, and
upon which you have but recently changed your
own views, and shall honestly exercise our politi-
cal rights, and electa President of the United States,
as we legally may, who concurs with us in our opin-
ion that slavery is an evil and ought not to be ex-
tended into the Territories, you propose, some of
you propose, to break up the Government. I do
not refer, of course, to the honorable Senator from
Virginia on my left; but there arc those here, and
other men standing m high places, who declare be-
fore tiie world, that unless we do acquiesce in this
change of opinion upon this question, politically
and judicially; unless we acquiesce m this doc-'
trine, and take the ground wluch Air. Buchanan
has taken m his message, this Government is to
bo broken m pieces, and the Constitution over-
thrown. If we, beiny; in a majority, still hold to
the opinions of those who made the Constitution,
you will destroy the Constitution. If we, being
m a majority, shall still cherish the opinions of i
those who formed the Union, you will dissolve j
the Union. Now, sir, we have a right to complain ,
of that. You are to convince us by argument, |
and if you can ^Jo so, it is well enough. We j
have no objection to any argument addressed to j
our understanding, to convince us of our error;
but when that argument is to be accompanied
by a threat, that the Government itself is to be
destroyed unless we accede to this new opinion
which you yourselves have recently formed, we
have a right to complain, I repeat, sir; and we
do complain.
Mr!rresident, so much has been said m rcla- 1
tion to the decision of the Supreme Couit of the ,
United States in the Dred Scott cose, that I desire 1
to submit a few words on that subject also. 1 do j
not deny the power of that court, in any case of |
which it has jurisdiction, to nuke d finnl decision ;j
m that particular case; but if, in the course of that ji
adjudication, the judges of the court give expres- j
sion to an opinion bearing upon a political ques- !j
tion, I ileuy that that opinion has any binding !r
force whatever upon us, as members of the Sen- ;!
ate, or upon the President of the United Stales, !,
acting in his capacity as Pirsident, either to ap- .1
prove or disapprove the legislation of Congress, i:
The Supreme Court have power to decide a ease ■'
over which they have jurisdiction, because theie I
is no other tribunal to which an appeal can be j
made; and, in a case of that kind, their decision ,
is final and binding upon the parties to the suit, j
Their rights, under the decision, become vested; j
but that any opinion which they may express, in -
the course of that adjudication, is or ought to con-
trol the political or the legislative action of the .|
members of this body, or the political action of • j
the people of the United States, I deny altogether, ■;
as the most dangerous of all doctrims ever pro-
mulged on the floor of the'Senate or elsewhere, ij
Grant to this Supreme Court, composed of judges !;
irresponsible to the people, and appointed for life, j!
this power of construction over the Constitution, 1'
and, though the men upon that bench were angels
instead of men, there would be established in this
Government an oligarchy as, despotic as it would
be irresponsible, ft was Jolin Randolph, I think,
who made thatmostsignificant remark, "the book
of Judges comes before the book of Kings."
The business of a court is not to make or un-
make laws or Constitutions. Their business is
simply to decide the rights of parties. In arriving
at tliat decision, they may and rciust pass on the
law itself before they Can apply it; but they pass
upon the questions'of law merely as the means of
arriving at their decisions, as incidental to the duty
whi«h they have to perform in deciding the rights
of the parties. The court may decide right or
wrong; and whether they decide right or wrongs
if there is no appeal from their decision, the par-
ties in that particular case are bojmd by the de-
cision, notwithstanding; and the rights acquired
under it, whether they are based on a right de-
cision or a wrong decision, become fixed and
vested, because there is no appeal to any other
human tribunal.
But, Mr. Buchanan says, " the status of a Ter-
ritory" " has been irrevocably fixed by the final
decision of the Supreme Court." Yes, sir, irrev-
ocably fixed; that is the word! Sir, suppose
this court should change its opinion to-morrow:
would that change the' Constitution ? Suppose
that,in any new case coming before it, this same
question of constitutional power should be again
discussed, and the court should do as this court
has often done, and as other courts no less able
and distinguished have done a thousand times in
the history of judicial proceedings, overrule then-
own former opinion: would that change the Con-
stitution ? Not atall,sir; the Constitution would
remain the same. I protest against this monstrous
doctrine; and especially when it is promulged by
the leaders of the Democratic party of the United
States. That was not the Democratic doctrine
when General Jackson was President and Chief
Justice Taney was his Secretary. That was not
the doctrine in relation to the, constitutionality of
the United States Bank. The Supreme Courtonce
decided that a bank was constitutional. Who be-
lieves, if that question was presented to that court
to-day, that it would decide that a Bank of the
United States was constitutional?
The decision of judges is, after all, but an opin-
ion of men—an opinion which must necessarily
be acquiesced m by the parties whose rights are
determined; but it is not an opinion to be ac-
quiesced in eithei by the legal profession, or by
political paities, or by the Senate of the United
States acting in its official capacity. Such opin-
ions are to be treated respectfully, as the opinions
of other respectable men; but when we come to
act in our capacity as Senators of the U nitcd States,
we do not bow down to the opinion which may
have been delivered in the Dred Scott case, or in
any other case, by the Supreme Court uf the Uni-
ted States, or of any State in this Union. We are
reduced to a very strange state of things, if the
mere dictum or opinion of any court is to be re-
ceived, to control the action of the legislative
body of the Government, or to control the action
of great political parties.
Withoutdiscussingthequestion, which has been
often referred to, whether the Supreme Court had
or had not jurisdiction over the question of the
constitutionality of tlie Missouri compromise, I
desire, for a few moments, to call your attention
to the histoiy of the legislation of this Government
hcaiing on that question; and I undertake to show
that every Administration of the Government of
the United States, beginning with Washington;
and coming down to the close of the administra-
tion of James K. Polk; yes, sir, that every ad-
ministration, upon their official oaths, asserted and
exercised the power of Congress to legislate on
the subject of slavery in the Territories, and to
legislate by way of restriction. To go back to the
administration of Washington, the ordinance of
the Confederation of 1787 was reenacted, under
the Constitution, during his administration, and
received his official signature. It was the eighth
act, I believe, which ever passed the Congress of
the United States, which thus gave constitutional
sanction and validity to that great measure against
slavery extension. In the administration of John
Adams, Indiana was organized, in which this same
provision was reenacted. Come down to the ad-
ministration of Mr. Jefferson, who was the apos-
tle and leader of the great Republican party of this
country. To say nothing of the organic act of the
Territory of Michigan, approved by him, which
reenacted the ordinance of1787, excluding slavery
forever, 1 come, at once, fo the organization of the
Territory of Orleans—a Territory which was ac-
quired by treaty from France—in which theinsti-
