1860.
THIS CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
521
Then again I am unwilling to vote for the ori-
ginal resolution, because, though I concur with the
Senator from Delaware that in the present state of
the case wo ought not to send a bill to the House
of Representatives, I am not prepared to say how
long I shall maintain that opinion. It is a mere
matter of expediency; it may vary with the day
or with the weelc. *
Mr. BAYARD. The honorable Senator will
allow me to suggest that this is a mere resolution,
which can be revoked whenever a majority of the
Senate see (it to proceed further. It is only an
order for the present, and, if he prefers it, I will
amend it by inserting the words " until otherwise
ordered."
Mr. DAVIS. Surely, being the action of the
Senate, the Senate has power to revoke it. I
would say, however, with great deference to the
chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary, that
I am not willing to vote for any opinion, declara-
tion, or order of the Senate of a general character,
when I know it to be exceptional, depending on
a mere question of expediency which may vary
within twenty-four hours We have that as per-
fectly under our control without the order of the
Senate as with it. It is always in the power of
the Senate to refuse to pass a bill to its third
reading without any such general declaration. It
is in the power of the Senate to approach that
point and there to stop, as well without the dec-
laration as with it. The declaration amounts to
nothing, because we can repeal it whenever we
please.
Again: I am not prepared to say that we may
not find it a necessary resort to send bills to the
House of Representatives and compel them either,
to receive the bills or to expose the fact that legis-
lation lingers because of the want of their organ-
ization. It may be a means to which the Senate
will resort to force the House to an organization,
and expose the fact that legislation is delayed by
the failure of the House to organize. I am op-
posed, therefore, to the resolution, and all the
amendments.
Mr. MASON. I omitted to say, when I was
up before, what my respect for and courtesy to
the honorable Senator from Georgia required. He
asked me what was the meaning of the resolution
that we should proceed to no legislative business?
He desired to know what was meant by legislative
business. I (An give no other answer than that
the Constitution vests the legislative power in
Congress. What legislative business is, the Sen-
ate must determine under the Constitution.
Mr. COLLAMER. In the beginning of this
session, and very soon after we commenced to do
any business at all, a resolution was presented by
the Senator from California [Mr. Gwix] to direct
a certain committee—the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, I believe—to make certain
inquiries. I objected to it. I understood that the
practice of the 'Senate had been not to entertain
legislative business in the unorganized state of the
House of Representatives. I objected to the res-
olution, trusting and hoping that something would
be said or done that would determine our action
at that time. However, nothing was done. The
resolution merely lay over, and was finally passed
—I believe the next day. Now we come to the
question again. It has now arisen. Much has
been said on it. The first thing is, what is legis-
lative action ?
Mr. President, we have two functions of duty
as Senators: one is executive, and 1 take it that
anything else which we can do must be legislative
business, for we have but two branches of busi-
ness to perform—one is executive, and the other
is legislative. In giving a definition of what is
legislative, I shall merely say that it is everything
which is not executive. The present amendment,
therefore, would prevent the initiation of business
altogether. AVe have already gonefai beyond the
ground now taken. We have received bills; we
have received bills from committees; \vc have ic-
ceived them this morning. We have been at work
not merely in referring matters to committees, but
have received reports of committees—have re-
ceived bills from committees.
Mr. BENJAMIN. And read them twice.
Mr. COLLAMER. Yes, sir; several of them
were bills which were read twice, and referred to
committees. Besides, we have received bills from
committees, and read them also; whether they
reached a second reading I do not know, but I
believe so. Then the very point is arrived at
where the general discussion as to the merits of
the bills must necessarily arise. Even the Sen-
ator from Delaware [Mr. Bayard] does not con-
template that we shall enter upon the great dis-
cussion of legislative questions at all. Why, Mr.
President, the whole discussion always takes place
before the third reading of a bill, practically and
in fact 
Mr. BAYARD. My resolution is, that we will
not proceed to the third reading of bills.
Mr. COLLAMER. The discussion of the
merits takes place when the question comes up
whether you will allow a bill to be read a third
time.
Mr. BAYARD. Exactly.
Mr. COLLAMER. It takes place before the
third reading of a bill. Then the whole discus-
sion will have been gone through with, the work
will all have been done. To my mind, when you
slip down as far oft" the eaves of the house as
that, you have gone too far to get back; you must
go through. Consistency will be preserved in no
other way.
The point is, then, whether we shall proceed
with legislative business at ail, or whether we
shall proceed with it to the end. There may be
a question, as the Senator from Mississippi well
remarks, arising on each bill on its final passage,
whether we shall pass it on that day. That may
arise on account of the condition of the other
House, or various other reasons may operate on
gentlemen's minds.
The original resolution is drawn in such a way
that if a man wishes to vote in favor of the first
part and not the latter part of it, he must vote
against it altogether, and so record his vote against
that part of the resolution which he desires to fa-
vor. Ithas this Janus face to it, this double aspect,
by which we are precluded from expressing our
true opinions in relation to it.
I am not proposing to argue the constitutional
power of the Senate at this time. I think that
has been sufficiently considered and remarked
upon; but I must say that I entertain somewhat
the same opinion as the honorable Senator from
Mississippi, that the time may come—whether it
has come to-day I shall not say—when I think it
would be best for the country that this power
which exists in the Senate to proceed with their
legislative duties should be performed and all per-
formed, and their bills, especially the most im-
portant, should be well considered, well digested,
disposed of, passed, and sent to the House of Rep-
resentatives; and if they choose to stand, either
from necessity or any other cause, between the
business of the country and the country itself, let
them be responsible, and not us. I do not say
that that period, in my opinion, has arrived to-day,
but I can easily conceive that it may arrive; and
I shall certainly think it our duty to go that far
when it does arrive.
The honorable Senator from Delaware says
that his proposition is a mere resolution, and that
it is in the power of the Senate to supersede it at
any time. So it is; but if they reconsider the res-
olution in that respect, they will also reconsider
and recede from the opinion expressed in the first
part of the resolution as to the possession of this
power. I do not desire to reconsider that. I think
it is an unfortunate connection of the two points
together m the same resolution, and prefer that
they should be presented m separate and distinct
resolutions. ....
I do not now desire to discuss particularly the
merits of the resolution; but believing as I do that
there is a Congress; that Congress is sitting; and
that the President and his predecessor well con-
sidered this subject when they communicated with
us at this session, and at a former Congress when
a similar difficulty existed; believing that Congress
is now existing, performing its respective duties
in the two Houses according to the best judgment
of the members of each House, as is undoubtedly
their light and duty to do, I think we should per-
form our duty at least at any time that we think
proper to do so; and I do not choose to foreclose
myself on that point by saying we never will do
1 it: but I am for performing that duty all the way
through when the proper occasion arises.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have drawn a resolu-
tion which, if the pending propositions he with-
drawn, I will offer as a resolution to precede that
I! of the Senator from Delaware—not to strike that
out; and by taking a vote on it in this way we
may arrive at a satisfactory result:
Resolved, That it is within the'eonetitutional competency
of tlie Senate to proceed with legislative business throagfl
all its stages, before the organization of tlie House of ltep-
resentatives.
There is the question directly. If that was acted
on and adopted, it -would not preclude the reso-
lution of the Senator from Delaware.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desired some time ago
to make this suggestion: I have noticed that there -
is always great difficulty in so framing these gen-
eral resolutions as to meet the views of all Sena-
tors; whereas the precise point at issue can readily
be met in another way. If the honorable Senator
from Virginia, who originally moved to 137- upon
the table the motion to read a bill the first time,
had raised a point of order that the bill could not
be read the first time, because the Senate was not
competent to go on with legislative business,that
point of order would have been decided by the
Chair, and then either side dissatisfied with the
decision could have taken an appeal, and that
appeal would have settled that question; and thus
the precise point before the Senate would have
been reached without having recourse to these
general resolutions, which frequently go either
too far or not far enough—are not framed with
sufficient care and deliberation in the hurry of our
business here. If some gentleman will move
again to read a bill the first time,and the Senator
from Virginia, or some one who entertains his
views, will object to that reading upon the ground
that it is not m order, under the Constitution, to
proceed to read a bill in the present condition of
Congress, or of the other House, we should meet
the precise question before us; and so when a
second or third reading was called for; and there
would then be no necessity for framing these
general resolutions, which we ought all well to
consider before we agree to vote for or against
them. This establishing general constitutional
principles by general resolutions, framed in the
hurry of debate, is a hazardous proceeding. The
other mode will bring us to a point better to ac-
complish the object I have desired.
Mr. HALE. Then I will make a motion
which will reach that point. I offered a bill yes-
terday which reached the second reading. I move
now to read it a second time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. A question is now
pending.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Allow me to suggest to
the Senator from Louisianathat the course of pro-
ceeding he suggests would go but a short distance.
It only goes to the first reading of the particular
: bill as a question of order. Then we should have
j! another question of order on the second, and an-
'! other on the third reading. We could not estab-
lish a general rule, as he suggests. I should like
to have this matter disposed of. The amendment
I suggested brings the point directly under con-
sideration before the Senate. It affirms that we
have the power. We may affirm that power, and
vet we may, if we choose, then also adopt the
i resolution proposed by the Senator from Dela-
| ware, which is, that it is not expedient to proceed
, beyond a certain stage.
i Mr. DAVIS. If the Senator from Mainewill
i allow me, I ask would not the resolution offered
by him apply equally if the Senate were m s*ession
ji in the month of November, called together^for
ij executive business merely, as well as to the Sen-
'' ate sitting while Congress is in session? I think
'! Ins resolution would; and i think that illustrates
'! the danger, which the Senator from Louisiana has
pointed out, of attempting to decide such a ques-
tion by general resolutions.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think a sufficient answer
to that is, that every resolution must be taken
i subject to the existing state of facts. We pass it
! under debate, with reference to a state of facts
i perfectly known to us all,anil which is explained
! to everybody, and it refers to that as a matter of
! course. It assumes all that is necessary  
i Mr. DAVIS. But it endures beyond the occa-
! sion. ,
| Mr. FESSENDEN. Not at all. It has no
binding force on anybody but ourselves, in refer-
1 ence to this exact state of facts ; and the momen t it
j is sought to be applied to anything else, the answer
\ is obvious.
j The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
' the amendment of the Senator from New rJarnp-
