100
APPENDIX TO .THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 3,
36th Cong 1st Sess. The Calhoun Revolution: Its Basis and Its Progress—Mr. Doolittle.
Senate.
tution of slavery existed under the laws of France.
The tenth section of the art organizing that Ter-
ritory, provided that the foreign slave trade, and
also that the domestic slave trade, should not be per-
mitted in that Territory. Although that provision
of the Constitution, which was to take effect in
1808, giving Congress the power to put an end to
the slave trade in the existing States, had not vet
taken effect, y£t in 1804, four years before that
time, in the bill organizing the Territory of Orleans,
the foreign slave trade was prohibited; so, too, was
the domestic slave trade prohibited; and no man
was permitted to take a slave into the Territory of
Orleans for sale at all, and no slave could be taken
into that Territory, except by a bona fide owner
removing into the Territory for actual settlement.
Here, even in the Territory of Orleans, where sla-
very existed when we acquired it, Congress exer-
cised the power of legislation upon the subject of
slavery, and exercised it by way of restriction. I
do not say that it cxercised all its power; I do not
say that Congress did all thet it could do to pre-
vent slavery going into that Territory; but Con-
gress did legislate on that subject, and did legis-
late by way of restriction. It provided thai, if
any man took a slave into the Territory for sale,
or if any man look a slave into the Territory un-
less he was actually emigrating; into the Territory,
and took the slave as a part of lus settlement with
him, the slave should be emancipated—emanci-
pated by act of Congress—and the man who was
guilty of a violation of its provisions should pay
a fine of $300.
Mr. COLLAMER. Will the gentleman indulge
me a moment?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Certainly.
Mr. COLLAMKR.. In that same act, in rela-
tion to the Territory of Orleans, it was further
provided that slaves should not be taken into that
Territory, either for sale or in families, if they
had been imported into the United States since
1798.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I am obliged to my hon-
orable friend from Vei niont. I accept the correc-
tion, and the fact is important. I would read the
section of the act, but I do not desire to take up
the tune winch would be necessary to do so.
[Mr. Pugii, in the course of debate, m reply,
having given his construction to the act organiz-
ing Orleans Territory,
Mr. Doolittlr said: Mr, President, that the
gentleman and myself may have no misunder-
standing about the question of what is provided
in the law, 1 now read the scction.
Mr, Pucai. Well, read it, and see if I am not
right.
Mr, Doolittj.e. Here it is. I read from the
Orleans act:
Snc\ 10. J t s-liall not be'lrtwful fornnv pw-on or persons
to import, or bum? into the said Tenitoi \, from any p^rt oi
place without the lumt- of the Tinted St ue<. oi cau-o ni
procure to be so impoited or bioujrht, 01 know nn.'h to aid
or assist in so impottmjr or bungm'?, any d;utioi "-laves.
And every person <o offending, and being tiieicol convicted
before any comt within said Teiritoiy," having competent
jurisdiction, shall lot t'eit and pay, for each and eveiy slave
.so imported or brought, the sum of $300; one moiety lor
the use of the United States, and the other moiety tor the
use Of the person or pet sons who shall sue for the fame:
and every slave so imported or brought shall thereupon be-
come entitled to, and receive, Ins or her treedom. it shall
not be lawlul for any person oi petrous to impoit oi hung
into the said Temtorv, from any poit or place within the
limits of the United States, or to eau-e or procure to he *o
imported or brought, oi know m«ly to aid oi assist in so im-
porting oi bringing, an> slave oi -.[ivo-i, which shall have,
neon impoited since the Ht day ot Ma\,111k*, into anj port
or place within the limits ol tin* United Stateor which
may hereatter be so imported, from nnv pott or place without
the limits; ot the United State* ; and uveiv p"i«im -jo ollend-
ing, and being thereof convicted hemic anyconit within
uaid Territory, having competent jun-diction. shall ioiieit
and pay, for c.ieh and ovriv slave >,o impoited 01 brought,
the sum of §300; one moiety for the um1 ol the United
States, and the other moiety for the u^e oi the pei.-on or
persons who shall sue lor the *ame.'5
And, now, I will call the Senator's attention to
what follows. These are the two cases to which
he has referred:
" And no slave or slaves shall directly or indirectly be
introduced into feaid Teiritoiy. t \eept bv a citizen ot the
United States removing into &aid Territory lor actual set-
tlement, and being, at the time ot such removal, a bona fide
ownei of such slave or slaves; and every slave, imported
or brought into the said Territory contrary to thy provisions
of this act, shall thereupon be entitled to, and receive, his
or hei freedom."
What I stated in relation to the Orleans Terri-
tory was this: that Congress exercised the power,
not only to prevent the foreign slave trade, and
to prevent, as my friend from Vermont also stated,
the bringing into the Territory slaves, from any
of the States, either for sale or in families, that
had been imported into the United States after
1798, but also to put an end to the entire domestic
slave trade; and while I said that Congress did
not do all that it had the power to do to prevent
slaves going into that Territory, Congress did
legislate by way of restriction, not allowing any
man to take a slave into the Territory for sale;
allowing no man to take a slave into the Territory
unless he was bona fide removing for settlement,
and taking his slaves with him as a part of his
settlement: and not even then, unless imported
before 1798. That is the substance of what 1
stated, and the section which I have read bears me
out entirely.]
Again, sir, in the cession from North Carolina,
it was provided that Congress should make no
regulation tending to the emancipation of slaves.
Why insert such a provision, if Congress had no
such power?
Mr. President, when do we first hear of this cel-
ebrated doctrine, which has made so much fi^uic
before the Amencan people within the last six or
eight years, of territorial independence, squatter
sovereignty, or whatever it may be termed — the
absolute right of a Territory, just as soon as it is
organized, to legislate for itself upon all matteis
of internal concern, independent of the control of
Congress? During the administration of Mr.
Jefferson, Mr. St. Clair, then Governor of the
Northwestern Territory, first broached this doc-
trine, that the moment a Territory is once organ-
ized, that moment it becomes a State, independent
of the action of Congress, with sovereign power
to legislate for itself, m an address, m tins lan-
guage:
Pot all internal affairs have a complete Lcgi-latme
of our ou n, and they aie no mote bound by an act ol ('on-
gres* than by an edict of the i-'iist Uonsul of France."
President Jefferson, through Mr. Madison, as
Seerelaiy of State, met this doctrine m tins style
—he addressed Mr. St. Clair the following note:
''Sue The President, observnifr, in an address lately
dehveied bv you to the convention at Uhihcothc, an intem-
peiaiev and mdoeoium oi language ton-aid - the LegMatute
of'I he t 'uited State-;, and a d i-oi train zuuj - pint and tendency
of' \ civ e\ it example, and uio-.'-lv \ 'olatrng the tides of con-
duct enjoined by >0111 public station, dctciminc< that \011r
co>nims--iou ol Go\uuo: of the Northvn stern Terutoiy
shall eease on the icceipt of ihe- notification. '
Mr. PITCH. I would ask the Senator where
he got that extract from Governor St. Clair's
speech ? Did he over road the whole speech?
Mr. DOOl jITTLL'1. No, I have not read the
whole speech; but I have read, as I suppose, the
substance of it.
Mr. PUGII. Tt shows that the Senator had
better have done it. Governor St. Clair was not
speaking of that question at all, but lie was en-
deavoring to peisuade the convention of the peo-
ple of Ohio, met to foim a State constitution, to
trample under foot the enabling act of Congress.
It had nothing to do with the territorial govern-
ment. It was a speech delivered m Chihcothc,
in 1802.
[Some farther colloquy ensued, and Mr. Doo-
little resumed. See Note D.]
Mr. DOOLITTLIS. During Mr. Jefferson's
administration, there occurred another memora-
ble event, bearing upon tins subject, never to be
forgotten. The Territory of iodinn<i petitioned
Congress to repeal the slavery restriction. It was
refused by Mr. Jefferson's administration. The
petition was referred to a committee, of which
John Randolph was chairman, who reported
against it, declaring that it was ''highly danger-
ous and inexpedient to impair a provision wisely
calculated to promote the growth and prosperity
of the Northwest TemtdPiy.''
If you pass on from the organization of the
Territory of Orleans, and come down to the or-
ganization of the Territory of Illinois, in 1809,
and again of Missouri, in 1812. in the adminis-
tration of Mr. Madison, the same power of Con-
gress was recognized and exercised, though not
to the extent of entire exclusion from the last.
Pass down to the administration of Mr. Mon-
roe, when the Missouri compromise was passed.
When the question of its constitutionality was
before Mr. Monroe, ho summoned his Cabinet
together, and took their opinions; and they gave
their unanimous opinions in favor of the power
of Congress to exclude slavery from the Terri-
tories of the United States. Upon that subject, I
beg leave to read an extract from the diary of John
Q,umcy Adams, then Secretary of State*:
" March 3,1820.—When I came this day to my office, I
found thcie a note, requesting me to call at one o'clock at
the President's House. It was then one. and I immediately
went over. lie expected that the two bills, fot the admis-
sion of Maine and to enable Missouri to make a constitu-
tion, would have been brought to him for his signature;
and he had summoned all the members of the Administra-
tion, to a<k then opinions in writing, to be deposited mthe
Deparhnoiitof State, upon two quotum.*. 1. Whether Con-
gress bad a constitutional mjht to prohibit slavery m a'fer-
ritoiv; and, 2 Whethei the eighth section of the Missouri
bill (which mtJCidicts slavery lotevci 111 the teiritoiy noith
ot 03° 3'J' latitude) wa-; applicable only to the territorial
state, or would eueml to it a.ter it should become a State.
As to the fu.-t question, it vv.n unanimously agreed that
Congiess have the powei to piohihst, slaver> 111 the Teiri-
toiiea.'?
I repeat it, sir, the Cabinet of Mr. Monroe were
unanimously of opinion that Congress had the
power to prohibit slavery in a Territory;, and in
that Cabinet, were William Wirt, William H.
Crawford, and John C. Calhoun.
Mr. CHESNUT. I think it is due to the mem-
ory of Mr. Calhoun to slate what I believe to be
known to most Senators, and is, according to my
recollection, that upon the floor of the Senate, in
response to this charge, made by the Senator from
Missouri, Mr. Benton, he denied ever having
given such an opinion 111 relation to the Missouri
compromise. 1 state that much, as due to the
memory of Mr. Calhoun.
Mr. HAMLIN. If my friend from Wisconsin
will allow me a moment, I will state that I recol-
lect very well the denial to which the Senator
from South Carolina has alluded. Mr. Calhoun
did, upon the floor of the Senate, make that de-
nial; but 1 also lecollect that a Senator of this
body at that time, Mr. Dix, of New York, ob-
tained from the State Department what puiported
to be ifti abstract from the envelope in which those
opinions were inclosed. The opinions themselves
weie not found.
Mr. PUGII. And never have been.
Mr. HAMLIN. But the envelope was found
| in the Department.
[See Appendix, Note C.]
[Mr. Prow (among other things) said: I said
tin; other day, and I have said it many times here
and elsewhere, that I was in favor of maintaining
the principle of the Missouri compromise up to
the time that California formed her State consti-
tution; not that I believed it. to be constitutional,
but it having been tried before ihe adoption of the
constitution, and having been acquiesced in, and
being the shortest way to make peace, I was in
favor of extending the Missouri compiomise line
to the Pacific ocean up to the time that the Slate
of California formed a State government. That
drove me to the other doctrine of non-interven-
tion and popular sovereignty. Therefore it is in
vain for the gentleman to cite the Missouri com-
promise, or any of its corollaries.
Mr. Doolittle. I have discussed simply the
question of constitutional power, not of expedi-
ency. I ask the honorable Senator whether, m
his opinion, he can go for anything which is uncon-
stitutional, if it is expedient?
Mr. Pugii. No, sir.
Mr. Doolittle. I discussed the simple ques-
tion of the constitutionality of the power of Con-
gress on that subject, not of expediency.
Mr. Puan. Does the Senator see 110 differ-
ence between a power of universal prohibition and
a power of division? Can he see no difference
between an act of Congress that provides that
no slaves shall be taken into any Territory, and
an act ot Congress which divides the Territory
equally between the slaveholding and non-slave-
holding States ? Is it possible that the Senator
sees no distinction ; If so, I despair of enlighten-
ing him.
Air. Doolittle. Mr. President, I was speak
ing of the constitutional power of Congress to legis-
late upon" and exclude slavery from the Territo-
ries; and if it has the constitutional power to ex-
clude ten slaves, it has the constitutional power
to exclude ten thousand, or exclude them all. If
it has the power to exclude slavery from half the
