I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
101
56tii Cong.... 1st Sess. The Calhoun Revolution: Its Basis and its Progress—Mr. Doolittle.
•Senate.
Territory, it has the power to exclude it from the
whole. I was simply arguing the question of con-
stitutional power; and while I admit that, in ref-
erence to some of the southern Territories, Con-
gress did not, In the exercise of its constitutional
power, do all that it had a right to do, yet it did
exercise a portion of that power by way of limit-
ation even of slavery in the slaveholding Terri-
tories of the South. On the question of power,
there is no difference whether we exclude naif or
exclude the whole, or from half or the whole of
the Territory.]
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The bill received the sig-
nature of President Monroe; who thus, upon his
official oath, asserted and exercised the constitu-
tional power of excluding slavery from the Ter-
ntoi ics.
But lot us pass on from 1830, and come down
at once to General Jackson's administration. I
understand General Jackson to be good Demo-
cratic Republican authority. He certainly was
when I belonged to the Democratic Republican
party of this country, although many whom 1 now
see upon the other side of the Chamber, standard
beai ei s of the Democracy of to-day, were not then
enrolled within its ranks. I do not refer to my
honorable friend from Alabama, [Mr. Fitzpat-
rick.] in 1836, Wisconsin was organized as a
Territory? and this same provision for slavery re-
striction was reincorporated* m the bill for its or-
ganization; and, to show how little General Jack-
son and his administration thought of this new
dogma, that the moment a Territory is organized
.Congress has no longer any power over its legis-
lation, I will refer you to some facts which took
place during his administration.
The Tomtonal Legislature of Florida and the
Territorial Legislature of ~VVisconsm assumed the
power to incorporate certain banking institutions.
During the administration <">f General Jackson, a
law was introduced into Congress, and passed
both Houses and received his signature, repealing
those bank charters; and it went further, and de-
clared that no Territorial Legislature should have
power to incorporate a bank without the consent
of Congress. This shows what he thought of this
idea that Territories, from the moment they are
organized, becomc sovereign and independent of
the control of Congress. "Such an idea was never
dreamed of by the Democratic party in its better
days.
But again, sir, Iowa was organized in 1838,
during Mr. Van Buren's administration, jffod the
next year, I belunc, there was an act passed to
alter and amend the organic acts of Wisconsin
and Iowa; and what was that alteration? Up to
that time, 1839, the Governor of a Territory al-
ways had an absolute veto on every law passed
by a Territorial Legislature, The Governor not
only had the right to veto it absolutely, but it was
made his duty if he approved a bill to submit, it
to Congress, to be approved or disapproved by
Congress before it should take any effect; but m
1839, the territorial organic acts of Wisconsin mid
Iowa were amended, and it was provided that the
veto power of the Governor should be reduced
from an absolute veto to a veto requiring but two
thirds of both buineht s of the LegisJatiue to pnss
a bill ov( r it; but in the second section of that
act it warf expressly provided that—
•' Tin1* ru't r lull I not be >o construed as to deprive Con-
gress ol the inrlit to dt^.inpro\e of any law passed by the
said Legu-hitivo Assembly, or at any n ay to -impair or alter
the -power of Congress over loicipvxcd by said Jissembly
Where was this new do^ma of territorial sov-
ereignty then ? Sir, it had never seen the light.
No man of standing in the country had ever
dreamed of it at that time, unless it be Arthur St.
Clair, of whom and of whose fate, I have already
spoken. The power of Congress to control the
legislation of the Territories was an admitted
power, exercised by all Administrations, con-
tended for by all parries in this Government from
the beginningdowntothepcnodofwluch 1 speak.
But, sir, I stop not there. Coming down still
later, to the administration of Jamt's K. Polk,
when Mr. Buchanan was Secretary of State, Ore-
gon was organized, and the same provision was
inserted m the organic act of that Territory, by
which slavery was prohibited therein forever.
It is true, therefore, as 1 have stated, that, in the
history of tins Government, from the administra-
tion of Washington to 1847,*o the close of Mr.
Polk '$ administration, every Administration from
the beginning has not only asserted, but upon its
official oath and responsibility, it has cxercised,
the power to legislate for the 1 erritories over their
internal concerns—not only upon their local con-
cerns generally, but upon the subject of slavery?
and to legislate by way of restriction.
Mr. PUGH. Does the Senator mean to say
that that was the opinion of President Polk?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. He signed the bill, and
when he signed the bill 
Mr. PUGH. I ask the Senator if he is aware
of the fact that Mr. Polk brought to the Capitol a
message to veto the Wilmot proviso, and that it
is m existence now? He brought it to the Cap-
itol, and would have vetoed the bill, and the mes-
sage is in existence.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The facts, I believe, are
these: Mr. Polk, atone time,-contemplated veto-
ing the Oregon bill. He subsequently sent a spe-
cial message to the Congress of the United States,
in which he stated, in substance, that if the Ter-
ritory of Oregon had reached below 3G° 30', he
would have vetoed the bill—not because Congress
had not the power, but on the simple ground of
expediency; that ho was in favor of extending the
compromise line of 36° 30' to the Pacific occan.
That is the ground on which he placed it.
Mr. PUGH. That is not the fact to which I
called the Senator's attention.
Mr. DOOLITTTE. I will ask the Senator, do
you say that Mr. Polk, in that message, denied
the power of Congress ?
Mr. PUGH. He did. I was going to tell the
Senator that the message to which I referred, the
original, i.s indorsed m Mr. Polk's handwriting:
I bionght tin-, mosiiie, signed, lo the Capitol, on the
night ot the 3d ot Alaich, 1819, intending to send it to the
IIuuvc of Hep: c ;ontativc^ it they had pointed m the amend-
ment to the civil and diplomatic appt epilation bill"—
which was the Wilmot proMso; but the House
having reccdcd, the message never was sent in.
The paper is in existence. Large extracts of it
have been published within the last month in the
Paj2lr&'DOOLITTLE. I shall be obliged to the
honorable gentleman if he will produce the mes-
sage, and point out the paragraph in it in which
Mi. Polk denies the power of Congress to legis-
late upon the subject of slavery in the Territories.
Mr. PUGH. The first sentence says it. I will
get the Senator the message.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Gctit,if you please. The
special message which he sent to Congress at the
subsequent session, after approving of the Oregon
lull, stated, as I understand it. the grounds on
which he would have vetoed the Oregon bill if
that Territory had extended below 36° 30', not
upon the ground of constitutional power, but upon
expediency. If, however, Mr. Polk has written
a message declaring that the bill was unconstitu-
tional,and has affixed his signature to a bill which
he considered unconstitutional, that does not alter .
the fact which 1 stated, that every Administration '
has asserted, and has exercised upon its official
oath and responsibility, the power of legislating
on th<^ subject of slavtiy in the Temtoiies of
the United States, from Washington down to the
close of Mr. Polk's administration; although, if
the Senator from Ohio is correct, it would place
Mr. Polk under a very grave imputation, 1 think,
however, he must be mistaken.
[Mr. Pugh (in the coursc of the subsequent de-
bate) said: I believe the gc nthmian claims nothing
under Tyler.
Mr. Doolittle (in reply to that) said: It h
true I did not refer to Mr. Tyler's administration
when Mr. Calhoun was Secretary of State, but J
will refer Senators to it now, to show that Con-
gress went even further than they did in any other
Administration. In the Texas joint resolutions of
admission, this language -will be found:
£- New States, of convenient m/x, and nor exceeding four
in number, in addition to the &:nd State oi Te wis, and hav-
ing sufficient population, may boreal ter, by the consent of
said State, be formed out oi the territory thereon winch
shall be entitled to adnu -moh under the piovimon-3 ot the
Federal Con-nUutiou. And Mich Htatc< a^ may be foimed
out of that poitioa of xud terntory Ivinji s-outh of 33° 3U'
north latitude, commonh known the Missouri compio-
mise line, shall h? admitted into the Union with or without
slave)y, si"  the people of each State asking admission may
desire. And in such Suu<> oi States- as ^liail be formed out
of said territory north of said Mis&ouii compromise line sla-
very or involuntary, servitude (except for crimes) shall be
prohibited."
Mr. Tyler and his administration went so far
as to prohibit slavery in the States.] •
[Mr. Pugh again, in the course of the subse-
quent debate, upon this point, said, among other
things:
But, sir, I have heard the Senator talk about
what former Presidents and former Congresses
have done. He does not open the Constitution
of the United States, and show us this power. He
says it existed because it has been exercised.
Does he argue that way about other subjects?
Does he go back to 1793, to the act providing for
the reclamation of fugitive slaves, and to its recog-
nition by every department of this Government,
and by all the States; and does he say that it is a
settled question? Oh, no; that is not settled; it is
unsettled; and I have heard the Senator himself
got up on this floor and say that he did notunder-
stand the Constitution of the United States to vest
in Congress any power to provide for the reclama-
tion of fugitives from service.
Mr. Doolittle replied: The difference between
the honorable Senator and myself is simply this: he
can argue words out of the instrument, or words
into the instrument, at his pleasure; I cannot do it.
The clause of the Constitution in reference to fugi-
tives from service does not say that Congress shall
have the power to legislate on that subject at all; it
says no such thing. It simply says that a State
shall not, by any act of its own, discharge from ser-
vice a fugitive who may bo held to service under
the laws of another State; and I tell the gentleman
that, as an original question, coming up for dis-
cussion , any good lawyer and strict constructionist
of the Constitution will say, as I say, that the
Constitution of the United States does not, in that
clause, give to Congress any power to legislate at
all. But, in relation to the other clause of the
Constitution to which I have referred, it expressly
says Congress shall have the power. That is the
difference. In the one case, it does not say it
where the gentleman says it has the power. In
the other case, where he denies the power, and I
insist that Congress has it, the Constitution says
it shall have the power. Now, let us see these
clauses. I have heard of a man being able to argue
the seal off a bond in a court of justice 
Mr. Pugh. I wish the Senator would read his
passage, for I am very anxious to conclude my
remarks. I am willing to hear it.
Mr. Doolittle. The clause in relation to
fugitives escaping from service, is as follows:
tk No person held to scivice or labor in one State, under
the law- thereof escaping into another, &hall3 m conse-
quence of any law or legulation therein, bo discharged
fiom such scivice or labor, but shall be delivered up on
claim of the paity to whom such service or labor may be
due.>''
, Now, there is no power given to Congress to
legislate on that subject. It does inhibit the power
of a State to legislate in a certain way, and any
law or any proceeding on the part of a State which
has the effect to discharge the fugitive from labor
is unconstitutional and \oid, by the Constitution
of the United States: a:.d every State court, every
Slate judge, and every j-"lge of the Supreme Court,
is bound so to declare That ia the true con-
struction of this clam- . But in relation to the
other clause, the le.ngr je is:
c" The Congress shall haw powei to dispose of and make
ail ucedtul rules and regula', 'ins respecting the territory or
otln'i piopoity belonging to .:e United States.-1'
The Supremo Court, n five different decisions,
beginning about 1310, : id the last one in 1853—
just about, six months before you passed your
Nebraska bill—unanimously decided that this
clause of the Constitution gave Congress power
to govern and legislate far the Territories. The
difference between hton and me, is this: where I
maintain Congress has the power, the Constitu-
tion says it shall have the power; he maintains it
hcis the power where tne Constitution does not
say it. My honorable friend here has the faculty
of arguing words in or arguing wor<|s out at his
pleasure. I have never yet Jearned to do that.]
And now, sir, let us for a single moment look
at the question, aside from all precedent and judi-
cial construction, and sec where we stand. What
is the language of the Constitution:
" The Congress shall have power to dispose of and make
all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or
other property belonging to the United States."
