524
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
means as have been resorted to, to still persist in crushing
our every right and just demand into a perfect annihilation,
are too much for a biute creation to withstand, and much
more for a white and intelligent community.
6. Resolved, That it is these wrongs, and this vile, tyran-
nical oppression, combined with incompetency of govern-
ment, and wages so low that negro slavery is far preferable,
and death sweet, rather than continued durance vile.
7. Resolved, That we believe a generous and just public
will sympathize and investigate our affairs and our condi-
tion; ami also, after such investigation, every candid and
unprejudiced individual, black, yes, even the despised ne- :
groes of an abolition community, as well as the white An-
glo-Saxon, both high and low, will render the verdict, viz:
that such abuse, and'such oppression and wrongs, such
mean, contemptible tyranny over us, m the shape of sneak-
ing, cringing tools to the meanest tyrannical dynasty that
exists in the manufacturing world at large, have driven us
to this revolt or strike for our rights and for justice at this
inclement season of the year.
8. Resolved, That unless a different state of affairs exists
in the future, both in regard to wages and in the mode of
government over us, that we will die on our strike rathei
thau submit to such heinous and outrageous injustice from
the Pemberton tyrants.
9. Resolved, That in the language of anoted anti-slavery
agitator, m regard to the perpetuation of the Federal Union,
that w<> ako say, that under these circumstances that now
exist, and have existed between us and our employers, let
the former union and the present slide forever, before they
shall any longer enslave and abuse us * * *
U. Resolved, That the above resolutions are the unani-
mous sentiments of the Pemberton frame spinning opera-
tives ; also, that the same are authorized by us to be printed
in one or more of the public presses in this city.
La.wr.ence, February 14,1859.
Mr. HINDMAN. Prom the paper just read,
lot the civilized world judge between the slave-
holders of the South, who hold the negro in that
subordination for which nature and nature's God
intended him, and the false philanthropists of the
North, who inflict, or consent to the infliction, on
white men and women, of such intolerable out-
rages and grievances as are there set forth.
Mr. GOOCH. Where do these resolutions
come from ?
Mr. HINDMAN. I get them from the New
York Herald of yesterday.
Mr. GOOCH. I would like to know whether
they are original in the New York Herald?
Mr. HINDMAN. They are furnished to the
New York Herald by a correspondent of that
paper whose name is prefixed. They purport to
nave been published, some months ago, in papers
in the vicinity of Lawrence. The Clerk will please
stale where th<-y are from.
The CLERIv. They are sent from Farming-
ton, New Hampshire, by Hiram G. Gove.
Mr. GOOCH. Does it appear that they are
signed by anybody ?
The CLERK. That is all there is about them.
Mr. GOOCH. I would state to the gentleman
that these resolutions appear not to have been
drawn up in Lawrencc, but in a town in New
Hampshire, at a distance from Lawicncc: and it
does not appear that they are signed by anybody.
Mr. HINDMAN. 1 think the gentleman rests
under a misapprehension.
Mr. GOOCH. Although I see the papers of
that vicinity, still I hare never seen any resolu-
tions of that kind; and I do not think that any
such resolutions can be produced, signed by any
number of individuals. 1 can understand perfectly
well that some individual may have been dis-
missed by that corporation, gone home to the
State of New Hampshire, and then forwarded
these resolutions on his own account, not to any
paper in the vicinity, but to the Now York Herald,
for publication there.
Mr. HINDMAN. Do T understand the gentle-
man to say that this place is notin Massachusetts,
but in New Hampshire?
Mr. GOOCH. Not at all. I say that the reso-
lutions purport to come from the State of New
Hampshire, not from Massachusetts.
Mr. HINDMAN. The gentleman rests under
a misapprehension as to the facts. The resolu-
tions do purport to come from the town of Law-
rence, which is, I believe, in Massachusetts. Will
the Clerk state their date?
The CLERK. They bcardate Lawrence, Feb-
ruary 14, 1859.
Mr. HINDMAN. !n order to make their origin
clear, I request the Clerk to read the letter that
precedes them.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Faumin'Gton, N. H., January 15, 1850.
To the Editor of the New York Herald:
As L was leading the Boston Journal a few days since,
the printed extracts here inclosed interested me very much,
they relate to the lute Pemberton Milly  of Lawrence.
Massachusetts. It so happens that it is not quite one year
since I was employed thuie, in charge of a section of one
of the rooms. 1 was removed fromthatberth on the charge
of daungto sympathize with the poor operatives who were
then out of the mill on a strike for justice and living wages.
Butthe inelojedresolutions, which the spinners, in a body,
passed, without a single dissenting voice, explain theii feel-
ings much better than 1 can at the present time.
The poor slaves were not successful in their strike. They
were told if they would not submit to their present wages
and situation, the owners would stop the whole mill, as
they could not afford to pay any more for their labor. By
this threat the most of the operatives were driven to sub-
mit; but a few of the most useful never returned to work,
and still remain alive as witnesses of the tyranny and abuse
of the masters placed over them.
I now see it stated in the papers that this Pemberton cor-
poration has been doing a very successful business the past
year, (which includes the time the poor operatives stiuck
for living wages,) having made $150,000 for the owners.
The above speaks foi itself, and need not to be commented
upon by me. That the labor cost the owners less than the
same amount of slave labor would at the South, is without
a doubt in my mmd. Your statement that the northern
operatives experienced not the commonest feelings of hu-
manity 1'iom their ma^tcis, I fully indorse. And to piove it
here, I will relate an instance that actually occurred in the
Pemberton Mills less than four months ago.
A woman went to her master, and told him that she wished
to be relieved from woik, as she was sick. The master
replied, " Go to your work; a woman can play sick at any
time." The next morning that woman gave birth to a child.
As your paper extract suits my ideas, though I saw it in
the Boston Journal, I wish you to send me a copy at once—.
put my name down for one year's subscription. Send me
the next issue and your bill, and I will cash it on the re-
turn of mail. Publish in your paper all I have written, with
the resolutions, and let the Journal snap and snarl over his
pets, for I have more to write in future, to give the corpora-
tion their just due. HIRAM G. GOVE.
Mr. GOOCH. It strikes me that this matter
is precisely as I understood it. That letter comes
from Farmington, New Hampshire, from a man
who had been dismissed from the employ of the
company. He certainly is notin such a position,
with regard to that corporation, as that his testi-
mony should be entitled to a very high degree of
credit anywhere.
Now, one thing further in regard to this mat-
ter. I cannot state precisely the amount which
these spinners earn in the mills; but my impres-
sion is that they earn from one and a half to two
dollars per day, working ten hours.
Mr. HINDMAN. What I said is true. The
lcsolutions do purport to come from Lawrence,
Massachusetts. The letter just read conies from
New Hampshire. I shall not go into a discus-
sion with the gentleman from Massachusetts upon
the authenticity of that document, or upon the
credibility of the person whose name appears as
vouching for the statement.
It seems, however, that he is inclined to dis-
credit and disbelieve whatever may emanate from
one of these oppressed while laborers of his north-
ern factories; but whether, if the same utterances
had come from runaway negroes from the South,
the testimony would not have been ample and
sufficient, even for his satisfaction, is a matter of
which this House can judge.
Mr. GOOCH. If the gentleman will pardon
j me a moment, I will say that, so far as I entcr-
i tain opinions concerning slavery, they are not
founded upon the statements of runaway slaves.
' They rest upon different testimony.
Mr. HINDMAN. As I do not propose filing
a bill of discovery for the purpose of ascertaining
the ground of the gentleman s belief, I beg that
he will not take up more of my time.
Mr. GOOCH. Go on.
Mr. HINDMAN. 1 said that the tenets and
practices of the Republican party lead to civil war,
to bloodshed, to murder, and to rapine. That is
shown byJohn Brown's invasion of Virginia, and
slaughter of her peaccable citizens. The Repub-
lican members here may now disclaim ail sympa-
thy with that old traitor; they may say again and
again that they contributed nothing to his enter-
prise, either in men, money, arms, or favorable
, wishes: but until they shall have abandoned Ro-
ll pubheanism, and repented of their connection with
11 it, a discerning and intelligent public will deride
11 and spurn all such protestations.
|! These innocentlambs that now bleat so gently,
!,' under fear of popular condemnation, are the same
| men who wrought up the northern mind to that
! pitch of frenzy out of which John Brown's bloody
j raid proceeded. By their maddening and furious
j abuse of slavery and slaveholder?, they set on fire
j the brain of that old fanatic. Had there been no
.! Republican party, there would have been no hi-
ll vasion of Harper's Ferry. John Brown was the
I: tool of Republicanism, doing its work; and now,
that the work is done, Republican politicians can-
not skulk the responsibility. The country will
hold them to it, and will gibbet them for it, as
effectually as if the hemp that strangled John
Brown and his confederates had also strangled
these his instigators, from Seward, the author of
the infamous irrepressible-conflict doctrine, down
to his last-made convert and disciple, the member
froiri Pennsylvania. [Laughter on the Democratic
side.j I refer to that member from Pennsylvania
who has on this floor twice threatened to apply
the teachings of Seward, and to reenact the con-
duct of John Brown, by mustering and marching
eighteen million northern men against the South,
to whip her into submission to the higher law.
When that invasion is made, the price of hemp
will go up, for our whole crop will be needed to
hang the abolition soldiery; [laughter from Dem-
ocrats and the galleries;] but the price of arms
will go down, for we will take from our invaders
arms enough to equipourwhole population. [Ap-
plause from Democratic benches and the galle-
ries.] The history of that invasion will be like
that of the old Assyrian raid into Judca; the fate
of its forces will be the same as that of the hosts
of Sennacherib:
" Like the leaves of the forest when summer is green,
That host with their banners at sunset were seen;
Like the leaves of the forest when autumn hath blown,
That host on the morrow lay withered and strown."
That, sir, will be the fate of the invaders pf
southern soil. In the language of a prominent
Republican memberof this House, " we will wel-
come them, with bloody hands, to hospitable
graves." [Applause in the galleries.]
This traitorous, sectional, and bloody Republi-
can party is the one that met us at the threshold
of this House, on the first day of the sessipn, de-
manding the Speakership. Not content to rely
upon its abominable record, to which I have thus
briefly adverted, it presented a candidate with a
still more abominable record of his own; thus add-
ing to our sense of injury the galling conscious-
ness of intended insult. That candidate has re-
peatedly referred us and the country to his con-
gressional record here, as the index to his opinions
on the great question of the day, and announces
lus willingness to be judged by that test. It is
not my purpose now to make a recital, in detail, of
all his votes and expressions relative to slavery
during his four years' service on this floor; but I
have given them particular examination, and the
knowledge I have of them justifies the statement
that he stands in the very front rank of Republi-
can ultraism. On one occasion, he insists upon
the exclusion of slavery from certain territory by
congressional legislation; and then he declares that
new slaveholding States shall not be admitted into
the Confederacy. At one time, he brands the fugi-
tive slave act as "a savage and inhuman law;" then,
he stigmatizes slavery as " an injury to the master
and a crimc against the slave." And finally,giving
full scope and vent to his abolition zeal, he becomes
a practical encourager of negro stealing, and an
assistant of the underground railroad.
That this last declaration maybe distinctly un-
derstood, I refer members to the proceedings of
this House on February 28, 1856, as set forth in
the Congressional Globe:
" Mr. Greknwood offered the following resolution:
k< Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the propiiety of providing by law
for the indictment and punt«hment of persons for the steal-
ing ot slaves in the Indian Tcriitory.
'"Mi. Sherman. I object."
Now, Mr. Clerk, the object of that resolution
is defined by its own terms. It was to prevent
interference, by professional slave-stealers of the
North, with property in slaves in the Indian Ter-
ritory. That such legislation was necessary, that
it was proper, there could be no question; that it
ought to have been granted is clear to the mind of
l every one conversant with the facts. What was
the course of the member from Ohio upon that
subject? Did he, like a loyal man, like one will-
ing to do justice to the property interests of every
section of the Confederacy, come forward and
help to accomplish that object? No; the very
moment the proposition was made, he obtruded an
objection to its consideration, thrust his enmity
to'it upon the House. Is there any excuse—any
palliation for that action of his ? I am aware of the
fact that ordinarily a mere objection to the con-
sideration of a resolution of this character docs
not commit the objector either to or against the
