1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2489
was in relation to the purchase of paper. In re-
ply to this, I read the following extract from his
testimony, as given before the Committee oil Pub-
lic Expenditures:
4i QvcUion. Please state to the committee your opinion
in icl.uioti to the propei reforms required on this subjectof
the public printing, it you have formed any opinion on tiie
subject.
(l Answer- Well, sir, with your permission, I will state
bo far us some-re forms have already been effected duiingthe
period i was Superintendent of the Public Printing. For
instance: when I was appointed Superintendent of the
Public hunting I discovered that about thirty thousand dol-
lars a year weie paid for what is called 4 double composi-
tion;5 that is to say, a Printer was elected for the {Senate
arid a Printer for the House, and by power of attorney, their
rights were tianslerred to Mr. Wendell, aod he became the
Printer m fact lor both Houses of Congress. For instance :
the menage and documents would he oidered by the Sen-
ate, and a certificate would be given by the Superintendent
of Public jPrintingtoMi. Steadman, a* Prmtci of the House,
for the composition and punting of the menage and docu-
ment*. Thus pay would be drawn tor the woikonaccount
of the House Printer, and then «i bill would bo presented by
Wendell, iri tbe uamoot Mr. I lams, the Senate Punter, tur
the composition and printing of the message and docu-
ments loi the Senate; and thus the same work would be
twice ehaiged and paid tor. Tins was dune on evciy oc-
casion where the same documents were ordered by both
Houses, and the composition executed but once. We traced
§2o,0(j0 which we found was drawn every year tor double
composition, without going into the smaller items of punt-
ing, which would have lun the amount up to at least
$30,000 a year. That was leformed by an act at the close
of the last session of Congress. 1 discovered tutthcr, on
looking into what are called the regular annual documents
of Congress, ol which the number legul^rly supplied to the
Housels, i think, 1,520, and the Senate 1,400, and which
documents aie bound in calf—the most expensive binding
—and furnished to every membei of the Government enti-
tled to receive a copy, that $37,500 were expended every
year for duplicating these documents. I think, if you
take into consideration the paper used about the packing
room, and the twine and other niutetials used m putting
them up, that the cost tor duplicating them would run up
to $00,000. But 1 showed by an estimate that $37,500 weie
expended alone lor the paper and printing. That was
stricken off.
♦-Another reform which I suggested to the Senate was,
to omit tne luap^ and chaits accompanying extia numbeis
of the message and documents which were oidered to be
sent out for en culatiou. An inquiry into the matter showed
that about tweuty thousand dollars a year wa> expended
for these maps and ehaits; and on bunging the matter to the
attention ol the Senate committee, they agreed to strike
them out, and only publish the maps and charts in the reg-
ular numbers of the message and documents; thus a saving
of .<f20,000 was effected there. Then, on looking into the
message and documents, I discovered that they were mak-
ing thiee oi tour volumes of seven hundred pages each. As
Superintendent of the Public Printing, X brought that matter
to the attention of the Joint Committee on Punting of both
Houses, and the Senate, at their last session, agreed to strike
out all the statistics horn the extia numbers, and only pub-
lish them in the regular numbers which were to be pre-
served as olhce copies, and to be filed by the Government.
Theie was a saving theie of $20,000. The Senate and the
House have thr« present session adopted the same principle.
I urged the matter upon the attention of the House com-
mittee ai the last session, but the ehaiunan declined to
fcuggest the reform. Mr. Smith, who was ehaiunan of Uiat
committee, declined positively to recommend it, on the
ground that he considered it neeessaiy and right that those
stances should go to the countiy; but  t has since been
adopted, and by this reform a saving has been elfectcd to
the Government, on the message and documents alone, of
at least torty thousand dollars.
" Question. That is on the numberuf copies oidered for
both Hou-o ?
"•tfmucr. Ye*, sir. There was a saving in the Senate
last year of $20,000 ; and-1 see by a statement of the chair-
man ot the House Committee on Printing, lately made, that
he estimates a saving of nearly $20,000 in the House. That
refoiin i educed the cost ot that document per year $40,000
at least. When I came into the olfiee of the Superintend-
ent ot the Public Printing. I discovered that the paper ac-
counts were kept in a veiy loose manner, indeed extraor-
dinary so. For instance: paper amounting to some bun-
dled-? of thousands ol dollars had been received by a man
employed m the printing office as a watchman, who was
In the habit ot receiving from vessels and from the cars
large invoices ot paper sent by the contractors to the Gov-
ernment, and whu would simply tear off a small piece of
the outside sheet of the printing paper and write upon it,
'received by such a vessel, or such a train of cars, so many
reams ol mty-six, forty-eight, or forty-five pound papei,'
as the ca-e might be, and address that note to the Super-
intendent's ofhee. I found 1 do not know how many ol those
notes oi pieces of paper lying around loose in the olhce ;
but enough to make a scrap-book. 1 collected them all in
a sciap-book, which I kept in the office, and which was
theie when I left."
This extract shows that by the reforms which
were proposed and recommended by Mr. Bow-
man there has been caused an annual saving to
the Government of about $100,000, not in the
matter of paper, but that of printing.
But while these charges are made upon the Pres-
ident, the Attorney General, and the Post Office
Derailment, they come from a source which is
as deeply involved in the use of such corrupt in-
fhu-nci* as the President or the Postmaster Gen-
eral could possibly be. In the testimony adduced
before . the Committee on Public Expenditures,
the following occurred in the examination of Mr.
Defrees:
" Question by Mr. Clopton. If, while you were a candi-
date lor Printer, you made any propositions to the Repub-
lican caucus in conference, or any members of Congress,
or authorized any to be made, relative to giving a part of
the puutuig proceeds should you be elected, i'or party pur-
poses, state the nature of the propositions and all you rec-
ollect about it.
" Jlnswer. I will answer. On the night of the Republican
conference I did authorize a member of Congress from my
State to say to the conference that I would give—I am not
certain whether I stated the amount, but think it was one
half ofthe profits,orthatl would be liberal in my contribu-
tions for the purpose of distributing political documents in
the four doubtful States of Pennsylvania, New Jersey, Illi-
nois, and Indiana. I distinctly limited my contributions to
the distribution of political documents."
That proposition was communicated to the Re-
publican conference; and on that very night, ac-
cording to the testimony of this witness, Defrees
was nominated by that conference as their can-
didate for the Printer of this House. He was sup-
ported by every Republican mcmberof Congress
present except one—the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, Mr. Adams—and also by the allies. And
yet gentlemen upon the other side of the House
tell us that Defrees was defeated on account of
that proposition. If he was, it was solely by the
withholding of-the vote of one solitary member
of that party in this House. Those who voted
for him cannot take any benefit from his defeat.
Now, Mr. Speaker, while such charges arc
being brought against officers of the Government,
we find their accusers, by the fact of their nom-
inating a man who had made such a proposition,
and subsequently giving him their support, with
the single exception of one member, actually
making a contract appropriating for the next pres-
idential campaign half the profits of the public
printing of this House—half of this public plun-
der. And more: although Defrees was defeated,
Mr. Ford was elected; and Defrees is shown to
be interested with him in the profits. There can
be but one, opinion as to the bargain by which
Mr. Ford was clected, when Mr. Defrees's inter-
est in the profits, Ins promise of the Republican con-
ference, and Mr. Ford's intention to take care of
all the wounded,are remembered. Certainly, such
charges ought not to come from that source, or
from parties whq occupy a worse position before
the country than the President, the Attorney
General, or the head of the Post Office Depart-
ment.
These, then, arc the several points made by
the gentleman from New York, and also by the
gentleman from Ohio. For the reasons which I
have given, my mind has been irresistibly brought
to the conclusion that the best plan to stop this
public plunder and spoils is that proposed by the
minority of the committee.
There is another resolution offered by the mi-
nority respecting the contract of Mr. Ford with
Messrs. Larcombe & English, by which he has
sold eighty per cent., or four fifths, of the printing
of the House. The question simply is, whether
this House intends to enforce a law of Congress
which declares that no sale or transfer of the pub-
lic printing shall made, and that, if made, it is
a vacation and abandonment of the office ? That
is all that the resolution proposes to accomplish.
Now, in conclusion, as I promised the gentle-
man from Vermont, [Mr. Walton*,] I move to
recommit joint resolution No. 2'2 to tne Commit-
tee on Printing, with instructions to report forth-
with a bill to contract with the lowest responsible
bidder for executing the printing and binding au-
thorized by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives, the executive and judicial departments,
and the Court of Claims, and for all classes of
paper used in the public printing and binding.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I am most favor-
ably impressed with the exposition of the gentle-
man, from Ohio, [Mr. Guiuxy,] and I tlnnk I
shall become a convert to his proposition. I
understand that his proposition is intended as a
substitute for that of the gentleman from New
York.
Mr. HASKIN. As an amendment?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I suppose it can-
not well comc in as an amendment, because the
first part of the gentleman's proposition would
not be homogeneous. However, that can be ar-
ranged. J only rise for the' purpose of stating
that if the proposition of the gentleman from Ohio
should find favor with the House, then, of course,
the latter portion of the proposition of the gentle-
man from New York should come in as an inde-
pendent section, because, if there be really this
enormous profit in the public printing,1 there is
no reason m the world why the present Public
Printers should enjoy it during the present Con-
gress. It may, therefore, come in as an'amend-
ment, subjecting the present Printers to a reduc-
tion of forty per cent.
Mr. HASKIN. With the permission of tjbe
gentleman from Virginia, 1 would state that I have
no objection,, as the mover of the resolution of-
fered by the majority of the Committee on Public
Expenditures, to having the latter part of the
joint resolution adopted as an a'mendment, or as
the concluding section to the bill proposed by the
gentleman from Ohio. But the House should
understand this: that the proposition of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, in favor of the establishment
of a Government printing office, is to take effect
on the 4th of March, 1861, after the terms of the
House Printer and the Senate Printer shall have
expired, reserving whatever vested rights they
may have in the public printing.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I was aware of all
that; and therefore the amendment that I offer
meets the difficulty, as it provides xhat, from and
after the passage of the act, the provision in ref-
erence to the reduction shall take place; so that
it is present law, and will operate on the present
Printers.
Mr. HASKIN. That is my desire—not only
that it shall apply to the Printer of the House,
but to the Printer of the Senate.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The amendment
of the gentleman from Virginia is not received.
No amendment is in order on the motion to re-
commit.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I have filed my
amendment with the general understanding that
all the amendments would be received, ihave
no objection to the bill being recommitted, or to
the motion to recommit being made, which is, of
course, subject to discussion. If the House is dis-
posed to liave the bill recommitted, I shall have
no objection.
Mr. HASKIN. The proposition to recommit
this very important matter comes, I think, with
unbecoming grace, considering how much we have
discussed it, and how anxious the people of the
country are that some reform should take place
in the public printing..
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I do not propose it.
Mr. HASKIN. I am very much surprised that
any gentleman should desire to continue the
enormous system of plunder connected with the
public printing, cither with respect to the Senate
Printer or the House Printer. For myself, I
shall oppose to the bitter end any recommittal of
the subject; and will insist, at one o'clock to-
morrow, on votes on the different propositions.
Anything will be better than the present sys-
tem.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I am very sorry
that the gentleman from New York cannot look
at this question in as dispassionate a manner as I
am looking at it. I regard it in the spirit of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Gurley,] not in the
spirit of the gentleman from New York, [Mr
Haskin.] Looking at it in that light, I am dis-
posed to deal with it as a business operation. If
the Fillmore administration did concoct a bill to
put vast plunder in the hands of partisans, and
did enjoy it, and if the Thirty-Fourth Congress,
under the control of Republicans, shared, without
an attempt at reform, in this extraordinary
plunder, I can only say that they were really par-
licips criminis in the matter, and I do not think it
becomes them to seek, by temper and passion, to
throw the whole burden of the operation on those
who only took the law as they found it ready to
their hands. However, let that pass. I am will-
ing to give way to a motion to adjourn. But, first,
I understand that a gentleman from Massachu-
setts, who has not spoken during the session, de-
sires to address the committee this evening. If
so, I will, as an act of courtesy to him, move that
the House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. ADAMS, of Massachusetts. I am not
disposed to address the committee this evening.
SAMUEL ELSEN.
Mr. ALLEN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill granting a pension to Samuel Elsen;
