104
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 31,
36th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
Invasion of States—Mr. Hunter.
■ Senate.
of the negro race. The Jewish slaves were not negroes,
and to confine the justification of slavery to that race, would
'■\e to weaken its scriptural authoi ity, and to lose the whole
weight of profane authority, for we read of no negro sla-
very in ancient times." * * x " Slavery,
black, or white, is right and necessary." * * * *
" The slaves aie governed far better than the free laborers at
the North are governed. Our negroes are not only better
off as to physical comfort than freelaboreis, but their moral
condition is better."
How different the opinions of the old Republi-
can party, South as well as North!
NOTEB.
VIRGINIA. OPINION IN THE REVOLUTIONARY ERA.
George Washington to General La Fayette.
111 agree with you cordially in your views in regard to
negro slavery. I have long considered it a most serious evil,
both socially and politically, and 1 should rejoice m any
feasible scheme to rid our States of such a buiden. The
Congress of 1787 adopted an ordinance which prohibits the
existence of involuntary servitude in our Northwestern Ter-
ritory forever. I consider it a wise measure. It met uitk
the approval and assent of nearly evoy member Jrorn the
Stales more immediately interested in slave labor. The pre-
vailing opinion in Virginia U against the spread of slavery m
our new Territories, and I trust we shall havi: a Con-
federacy of free States."
Same to Robert Mori is, 1785.
" lean only say, that there is not a man living who wishes
more sincerely than I do to see a plan adopted «ot the abo-
lition of it, [slavery;] but there is only one piopcr and ef-
fectual mode in winch it can bo accomplished, and that is
by legislative authority; and the, so lar as my tuifiage
will go, shall never be wanting '*—9 Spark's Washington,
158. '•
Mr. Jefferson, in his Notes on Virginia:
"The abolition of domestic <iavcry is the greatest object
of desire in these colonics, where it was unhappily miiu-
duced in their infant state But previous to the enfran-
chisement of the slave--, it i • necessary to exclude turthcr
importations from Airica."—Jlmenc'an Archives, fourth
series, vol. 1, p. 696.
Again, Mr. Jefferson, with that wonderful sa-
gacity which seems almost umpired, not only-
points out the evil, but, in the wamo .sentence,
points out the only practical xoluhon of it:
"Nothing is more ccrtairly c ri/trn i ■> the loo', of f.fo
THAN THAT THESE I'EOl'I.l ART. V<> DC 1 U! ■: ; HQS IS it lc*S
certain that Ike tno nuciy equally /><v, (ua,'jI live in the
name Goceriuncnl. Nattue, habit,and <>()in.o,j/ have di.twn
indelible lines oi distinction between (hem. T  ni
onr power to direct the proce.-. oi ctanrif-tpaiien a::'] depoii-
ation peaceably, and in Mich -slow d-guv a > thai the evil
will wear oil* insen&ibl}, and then |i! it-.'-. }u:n pwsj,
filled up with free uhite hr'^iri) . U, <>a the e.mti .!\, it i,
left to force itself on, human n.uuie n.u-l shudder at the
piOf-pects held up.11
Madison, iu 1780:
vf Congress might, tor example, icpeetini? th-* imtodue-
fum of slaves into the new State" to be lormed out of the
wehtern tenitory, make regulationi., ^ucli a:-? weic beyond
their power in relation to the old settled States.'1
VIROINIV OriMON, AH liAPRKSMU) 15Y MI'MDERS OP liER
i,i:gi.*>i,a.i eiu. as i,vn, .v.-,
Mr. Moore, of Roekbi idge, said;
" In the first plane, I .shall {-online my lemarkr- to mh h
of tliosf evils ,ts nfleef the while j)opulation e\clUM\eIy.
And even in that point of \iew 1 think that -laveiv, jh'u
exists among in, may be icgatded as the hc.-n test calannly
which has ever befallen any poitiou of the human iaeo."'
Mr. Rives, of Campbell, said:
a On the multiplied ond desolating evils, of slavery he
was not dicpovd to say much. The cuisc and deteriorat-
ing consequences were within the observation and expe-
rience of the members of the House and the people of Vir-
ginia, and it dul seem to hrni there could not be two opinions
about it."
Mr. Powell said:
"1 can scarcely persuade myself that there is a solitary
gentleman in this House who will not icadily admit that
slavery is an evil, and that its icimnal, if piacticable, i-, a
consummation most devoutly to he wished. I have not
heard, nor do / expect to hear, a rojrc raised in this hall to
the contrary
Another Representative from Jefferson and Har-
pcr's.Ferry, Mr. Henry Berry, said:
" l believe that no < ancei on the physical body was ever
moie ccitaiti, steady, and fatal in its piogVetx, than id the
cancer on the political body of the State of Vnguna. It is
eating into her veiy vitals."
Mr. Thomas Marshall, of Fauquier, in the same
section of Virginia, said:
" Wheiefore,then, object to i-lavcry? IJccause it js uun-
ous to the whites, ictard-1) improvement, roof out an indus-
tiious population, banishe > the yeomamyof the countiv,
deprives the spinner, the weavei. the smith, the shoemaker,
the carpentei, of employment and support."
[Mr. Preston, of Jeffe rson, Mr. Summers, of
Kanawa, Mr. Chandler, of Norfolk, Thomas J.
Randolph, grandson of Jefferson, Mr. Boiling, of
Buckingham, urged the same views with great
eloquence and power.]
Mr. Brodnax, of Dinwiddie, said:
" That slavery m Virginia is an evil, it would be idle, and
more than idle, for any human being to doubt or deny. It
is a mildew which has blighted in its course every region
it has touched, trom the cieation of the world."
The Hon. Charles J. Faulkner, who also resides
in the vicinity of Harper's Ferry, made a long,
eloquent,and radically-abolition speech, in which
he said:
"Docs not the same evil exist? Js it not increasing?
Does not every day give it permanency and foicc ? Is it not
rising like a heavy and portentous cloud above the lioii^p,
extending its deep and sable volumes athwart the sky,and
gathering m its impenetiablc folds the active materials of
elemental war?"
Mr. James McDowell, of Rockbridge, since
Governor of the State, and a distinguished mem-
ber of Congress, said:
" Sir, you may place the slave where you please; you may
dry up, to your utmost, the lountains* of his feelings, the
spnngs of his thought, >ou may close upon his mmd evciy
avenue to knowledge, and cloud it'over with artificial night;
you may yoke him to joui labor a s an ox which liveth only
to work, and worketh only to live; jou may put him under
any process, which, without deploying his value as a slave,
will debase andciush hiui as a lational beint;; \ou may do
tins, ami the idea that he was bom to be tree wdl survive
it all. 11 1 - allied to his hope ol immortality; it is the othe-
icni past ol his nature, which oppression cannot reach; it
i^ a torch lit up in his soul by the hand of the Deity, and
nevei meant to be extinguished by the hand of man.'-5
In another part of the speech, lie gives the
following prophetic warning to the South, and
which those who now madly talk about dissolv-
ing the Union would do well to heed:
" If gentlemen do not *ee and feel the evil of slavciy while
thi6 Fcdcucl Union huts, they v ill sec and feel it ithcri it is
ffonr; they will s-ee and sullu it then in a magnitude of
desolating power,to which 'the pestilence that walkcth at
noon-dav' would boablcssmg; to which the malaria which
is now threatening extinction to the ' Eternal City,' a'? the
pioud one ot the PonufL and (Jtesniv. is called, would be as
icfrcshing and a-, balmy a. the Jitst breath of spring to the
ehambei of di:-ea--e." ' a Wi\a it the fear ot
1 Nat Tu1 n"i, and hi', deluded, dsunken handfnll of fellows,
j which piodueed, or could p:oduce, such efl'ccts? Wai it
j this that induced distant counties, where the veiy name of
j Southampton \\a-> ruanee, to aim and uquipforaMiugglo?
i ?\ro. s'i ; iiwai the sti pieion etenuilly attached to the >lave
: hinr ell; the su-pieion that a Nat Turner might be in every
J i.unih ; thai the bloodv deed eould be acted over at
1 auv tune, aim in am pi ii-e : that the mateuals loi it were
I -pie-ul t!:iough> the land, and alway.. ready (or a like ex-
plOf io,i
j NDTM V.
! Without any (juestion to th<k
' rity or personal honor of Mr. Calhoun, the laets
! show, 1 think conclusively, tlint in 1800, as a
i member of Mr. Monroe's Cabinet, he must have
| given his opinion in favor of the constitutionality
ofthe Missouri compromise. The denial of Mi.
! Calhoun was made in 1848, almost thirty years
, after the event. It is not positive and absolute in
I its terms, but is based upon a want of recollection.
Mr. Dix, of Now York, was speaking upon this
I question, and Mr. Calhoun said:
I '• )i*Mie wdl tf.ve way, it will be, p-'-hap , hett' r
th<U j make a .statement .it "nice ie-[>eet.ng this subject, as
fai a. m\'leeoilcet.on will scive me. Duidig the whole
peiiod o  M t. ^lomoe1. admmistiation, I remember no oc-
casion on which the members of his administration gave
wutten opinions. I have an impression, though—not a
veivdistinetouc—that on one occasion they wcie required
to give written opinions; but. for some iea-:On not now
recollected, the request was not carried into cftect.,J
He subsequently denied it, [ am told, in more
positive terms.
The facts, however, going to show,that Mr.
Calhoun favored the Missouri compromise in 1820
are: 1. An admission made in 1838, by inm, in
these words:
" lie was not a member of Congress when that compro-
mise was made, but it is duo to candor to state that his im-
pressions were in its favor; but it i> equally due to it to
ray, that, with his present cxpciicnceand knowledge ofthe
spiut which then, tor the fn^ttime, began to disclose itself,
he had cntiicly changed his opinion."—Appendix Congres-
sional Globe, 1803. p. 70.
2. Mr. Dix read in tho Senate, July 28, 1848,
(Appendix Congressional Globe, pp. 1178,1179,)
from Mr. Monroe's manuscripts, a fie simile of a
paper indorsed "Interrogatories, Missouri, March
4, 1820. To the hed&s of Departments and Attorney
General."
u Questions, (on opposite page.)
u Has Congress a right, under the powers vested in it by
the Constitution, to make a regulation piohibitmg slavciy
in a Terutoiy ?
"Is the eighth section of the act which passed both
Houses on the 3d instant, for the admission of Missouri
into the Union, consistent with the Constitution?"
3. He also read extracts from the diary of Mr.
Adams, of March 4, 5, and G, 1820, positively
stating that the Cabinet were summoned to give
their opinions, and that they did give them unani-
mously in the affirmative,-to the first question.
4. The fac simile of a letter in Mr. Monroe's
handwriting, supposed to have been written to
General Jackson, in which he says:
took the opinion in writing of the Administration as
to tlie constitutionality of restraining tlic Territories', winch
was explicit in favor of it, and as it was that the eighth sec-
tion of the act was applicable to Tcriitorics only, and not to
States when they should b? admitted into the Union."
5. The Index Book of the Department of State,
referring to the filing of Cabinet answers.
All these facts together place this matter of his-
tory beyond reasonable doubt.
NOTE D.
Extract from Governor St. Clair's speech (Na-
tional Intelligencer, December 6, 1802) to the
Convention of the Northwestern Territory:
" That the people of a Territory should foim a conven-
tion and a constitution needed no act of Congress. To
pretend to authoiize it wa*, on their part, an interference
with the internal affairs ofthe country,'which they had
neither the power nor the right to make. The act is not
tanging on the people, and is, m tiuth,a nullity; and could
it bo brought before that tribunal wheic acts of Congress
can be tried, would be declared a nullitv. To all acts of
Congress that icspect the United States (they can make no
other) in then coipoiatc capacity, and which aie extended
by evptcss woids to a Tenitory. we are bound to yield
obedience. Tor all internal affaire-, ue have a complete Le-
gislature of our oun and in them are no more bound l,y an act
of Congress than ire would be bound by an edict of the First
Consul of France.'*
In his speech, he used other disrespectful lan-
guage towards Congress, but his main positions
are based, as I understand him, upon the princi-
ple stated in his speech on territorial sovereignty.
NOTE E.
The title to the Northwestern Territory was dis-
puted between New York and Virginia, churned
by both, and relinquished by both to the old
Confederation. Many behove thalNcwYork held
the paramount title.
INVASION OF STATED.
Ii. M. T. llU-NTER,
SPEECH Oli1 HON.
\J OF VIRGINIA,
V Ix tiu: Si'-nate, January 31, I860.
The Senate having undci conjodciation the lc&olution of
A.Fi. Doroi.A'5. to m. tract the Committee, on the Judiciary
to rcpoit a bill to protect each State and Territory of the
Union agmnst invasion by the authorities or people of any
othei State or Territory—*
Mi. HUNTER said: Air. President, I have
called up the resolution of the Senator from Illinois
breaus" it opens more fally than any other propo-
sition before the Senate,the state oi'the nation on
the qnrrtion of slavery. Indeed, sir, as a com-
mentary upon the time, it speaks volumes within
itself; for what is it but a proposition to suppress
civil war between the States; a proposition to
prevent armed invasion by the people of one of
the confederated States upon those of another?
And this, too, it must be remembered is founded
upon no imaginary case; but upon an actual event
of recent occurrence. It is notorious to us all,
that the siaveholding States are arming—arming
not to repot foreign invasion, for there itno danger
of that; not to suppress domestic insurrection,
there is no present apprehension of that; but to
defend themselves against armed invasions from
the people of other and confederate States, and to
prepare for the event, if in their opinion it should
become necessary, to separate from this Union.
Now, sir, I propose to ask what is this Union
whoso value men arc now calculating so calmly
apd coolly? What are the constituent elements
which compose it; what its moving forces; what
has been the result of the political action of those
forces upon the different sections of this Confed-
eracy? Why, sir, we know that in the northeast-
ern section, composed of the northeastern free
States, there exists a virtual monopoly ofthe nav-
igating and manufacturing interests of this Con-
federacy; that the northv^stern States find itmost
to their interest to raise Jive stock and provisions;
and that the southern States, owing to tiie nature of
their labor and the institution of slavery, find it
most profitable to plant, to raise the great staples
