526
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
ment when the entire Democratic and southern
Opposition vote shall be united on a single candi-
date for Speaker, they will give the casting vote,
and end the contcst. I have every confidence that
their manner of voting will be such as to vindicate
their title to nationality and conservatism, and
show forth, as a reality, and not an empty pre-
tense, that love for the Union of our fathers which
they have so often and so eloquently claimed for
themselves. I believe they will vote against the
Seward-Helper candidate, and therefore 1 am will-
ing to trust them.
It is evident that if the Republican candidate can
be defeated, it must be by a Democrat; for on no
one else can the entire anti-Republican vote be
united. That being so, it seems to me to be the
duty of the Democracy here at once to reorganize
their scattered forces, to meet in caucus, and to
nominate a candidate of their own number; to place
in his hands the standard of the Constitution and
the Union, and to rally under that leader and flag,
giving hereafter, under all circumstances that may
arise, but one united, unchanging vote to the end
of the contest, whether that end shall be to-mor-
row, or on the 4th of March, 18G1. This was
the policy 1 advocated at the beginning, and I am
more and more convinced by every day's history
that it was right and expedient.
We have experimented, or, if the word be ap-
plicable, we have " filibustered" long enough,
without a leader and without a flag. No good re-
sult, that I am aware of, has flowed from it. Evil
has resulted from it. It has broken up our organ-
ization. It has lowered our colors. It has e.uised
the abandonment of our leader, h has dispersed
our strength. It is true, we have not surrendered:
but our condition, so scattered arid broken, has
more than once emboldened the enemy t<> taunt
us with our weakness, and to demand that we
should pass under the yoke as prisoners of war.
The sight of our disbandment, if not saddening
to our Democratic constituents ut home,ceitainly
cannot have elated them. Let us, then, remove
the pitiable spectacle of the representatives of a
great national party voluntarily reducing them-
selves to the condition of a meie faction. Let us
meet in caucus and theie nominate a t undulate
foi whom all of us will be proud to vote, whom
fentlemen of the southern Opposition and anti-
lecompton parties can unite eotdially with us in
elevating to the Speaker's ehan, and who, while
in that high position, will administer the dutii s
of the office on a national and conservative basis.
Mr. BfNGl IA \1. I now call for a vote on the
question in order before the House—the objection
to the resolution of my colleague, [Mr. IltTcn-
INS-.J and on that I demand the previous question.
Mr. REAGAN. 1 move a call of the House.
Mr. BINGHAM. I submit that a motion lor
a call of the House cannot he made, pending tin:
call for the yeas and nays.
The CLEI17C. The Clerk would miitscM that,
undei the parliamentary law, a motion for a enll
of the House is always m order before any other
vote.
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 think, myself, that the
motion for a call is in order; but I think that the
question should be first determined whether the
vote will bo taken bv yeas and nays.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 1 call for the yeas
and nays on the motion for a call of the House.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas %, nays 111; as follows:
YEAS—Me-isi- Thomas L. AikI'^oh, Averv, Baiktdale,
Barr, Barrett, I'uigham, Boeoek, Bonhain, Boteler, Bou-
ligny, Boyce, Brnb-on, Branch. Bugg-, Carey, John 15.
Clark, Clopton, Cobb, Cooper, Cox, Juune- Cr.na. Button
Craige.Ciaw.ord, Curry, ilawdson. Keubi-n Davis, Daws,
J)e Jarneue, English, Florence, Garneit, Gartiell, Gihiici.
Gooefo, Hamilton. Hard,'man, J. Morrison ILuris, I Luton,
Hnwkiih, Hill, flindman, Ilolmnn, UoiKton, Hughes,
Jackson, Jones, Kent, Lamar, Landrum. Larrabce, James
M. Leach, Leake, Logan, J ,ove, Maclav, Mallory, Chailes
D. Mai tin, Klbcrt S, Mai tin, Majnard, MeChunaud. Mc-
Queen. Mile-*, Millson, Montgomeiv. Sydenham Mooie,
Isaac y. MorrK Niblack, Noell. Pendleton, Pe\ row, Phelps,
Frjoi, Pugh.Quarles, Reagan, James C. Robinson, Kuthn,
Scott, Sickles. Kimuw. Singleton, William Smith,
Stevcn--on. James A. Stewart, William Stcwait, TajJoi,
Thomas, Underwood. Vailandigham, Vance, Webster,
Whiteley, YV'm-dow, Wood-on. and \Vn ht—96.
NAYS—Mc^i.-. Charles F Adams, Green Adams Ad-
raia, Aldr.ch, Allen, Allej, William C. Anderson, Ashlev,
Babbitt. Bcale, Blair, Blake, Bi.nton. Bn.-tow, Buthotou,
Builingame, Burnham. Burroughs Butter fi.dd, Campbell,
Carter. Ca e. Colfax. Conklsng, Corwm, Curtis, Delano,
Duel!, Dunn, Edgeiton, Edwards, Eliot, Elv, Etheridge,
X'am&wortli, Funtou, Ferry, Foster. Fiank, Fiench, Gra-
ham, Grow, Gurley, llelmick, Hickman, Hoard, Humphrey,
TJutchins, Irvine, Junkm. France W. Kellogg, William
Kellogg, Kenjon, Kilgorc, Kilhnger, DeWitt C. Leach,
Lee, Lon<pn cker, Loomis, Lovcjoy, Mar-=ton, McKean,
McPherson. MI 11 ward. Laban T. Moore, Mooihead, Morrill,
Edward Joy Morris, Morse, Nelson, Nixon, 01m, Palmer,
Pennington. Perrv, Peuit, Poiter, Potter, Pottle, Rice,
ill™*, Christopher Robinson, Royce, Schwartz, Scranton,
Sedgwck, Sherman, Spaulding, Spinner, Stokes, Stout,
Stiatton, Tappan, Thayer, Theaker, Tompkins, Tram,
Trimble, Vandever, Van Wyck, Verrce, Wade, Waldron,
Walton. Cadwalader C. Wa?hburn, Ellihu B. Washburne,
Israel Washburn, Wells, Wilson, Windom, and Woodruff
—111.
So the House refused to order a call.
Mr. NOELL. If in order, I desire to address
the House.
Mr. CURTIS. I rise to a point of order.
Mr. KEITT. What is the point of order?
Mr. CURTIS. That the gentleman from Ohio
[Air. HuTcniys] has made a motion now pend-
ing before the House, and has called the previous
question, and on the previous question there is no
debate. That is the point I take.
Mr. KEITT. That is a mistake.
Mr. REAGAN. The gentleman cannot make
one question of order upon another question of
Older.
Mr. CURTIS. I read from the Manual of par-
liamentary law:
li It it* proper that every parliamentary assembly should
haveceitain foi mo ot questions so adapted a* to enable thetn
fitly to di-pose of every proposition which can he made to
them. Huehaie. 1. The previous* question, 2. To post-
pone indefinite!) ; To adjourn a question to a definite
d ij ; '1. To he on the table ; 5. To commit; 6. To amend.
The proper occasion for each of tlie*e questions should be
understood."
i rend further:
'• 1 When a proposition i« moved which it i^ ihcIp^s or
inexpedient now to expiess or discuss, the previous ques-
tion hat been introduced for suppressing lor that tune the
motion and its discussion *'
Mr. KEITT. What are you reading from ?
Mr. CURTIS. From page 95, of Jefferson's
Manual.
Now, the very object of thin rule is to prevent
"discussion," and hence, <unce the previous ques-
tion bus been moved and seconded, further debate
is out of order. The whole object of the previous
question is defeated if a gentleman can come up
and make a point of order, and discuss that point
of order, and by such device rcnexv the general
discussion. What is the object of the previous
question, if not for the expiess purpose of ex-
cluding disc lesion and bringing the parliamentary
body to an immediate vote? Now I say that the
previous question having been demanded by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Hutciiins,] it is the
only question before the Ilouse, and that question
is not debatable. Any gentleman rising to a ques-
tion of order cannot debate that question ot' order.
Even while I am trying to explain the propriety
of this position, 1 may be called to order by any
gentleman in the House. I do not wish to stand
upon nibitiasy puwei. I do not wish to see a
m.ijunty o\crude a minority. I have been on
this ilooi long enough to know the rights of the
minority. I assisted in former Congresses to es-
tablish and maintain the rights of the minority, i
will not infringe upon any rights of parliamentary
law or usage, but I do appeal to the legitimate
practice and usages of parliamentary bodies, which
must guide us on all trying occasions. I claim
that it is n clear case m point, when the previous
question has been fairly presented, and that no
man can by any other motion entirely e\ade and
defeat the whole purpose and design thereof. I
submit that it is time that this parliamentary rule
should exert its full power in this House, it is
brought on the proper occasion. We have dis-
cussed all questions here for near seven weeks,
ond no one can complain that if is premature and
arbitrary. It seems to me, therefore, that there
is no other course, no informality in the course
we propose; we infringe upon no rights of the
mmomy when we insist on the previous question,
and insist that all discussion is out of ordei.
Mr. REAGAN. The argument of the gentle-
man gives an affirmation, if it amounts to any-
thing. of the proposition which I submitted yes-
terday, that the proposition to which the gentle-
man seeks to apply the previous question is itself
out of order, because the previous question has
been movtrd upon two propositions several weeks
ago, and the gentleman will see that his argument
. cuts off the very proposition he presents. But I
I will state further, that even if the previous ques-
! tion was pending upon the proposition of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, it would be open to debate
under the rules of general parliamentary law,
under which we are now acting. It is true that
under the rules of the House the previous ques-
tion cuts off all debate; but under the general
parliamentary law, as I understand it, upon the
demand for the previous question the question is
open to debate upon that or upon any other sub-
ject. But, sir, this is a question of order, and as
such is debatable, as I understand it, even under
the rules of the House.
Mr. CURTIS. One more word. There is the
very point I make. I say the previous question
is not debatable, and cannot be evaded by any
motion or any position taken upon a point of
order. Of course, if any gentleman wishes to
make an explanation upon the question of order,
I will not call him to order; but if it is the inten-
tion of any gentleman to enter into any general
discussion, 1 claim the right of calling him to
order, because this question is not debatable.
Mr. BRANCH. The paragraph read by the
gentleman from Iowa, from the Manual, I think
! proves too much for the gentleman. If it cuts off
| discussionupon thepreviousquestion, it also cuts
I off the motion itself to which the previous ques-
i tion is attached, and postpones it to the next day.
I I have read the paragraph, and I now call the at-
tention of the gentleman from Iowa to the lan-
guage of that paragraph. It is this:
•• When a proposition is moved which it is useless or in-
expedient now to oxpiess or discus?, the previous question
: ha& been introduced for suppressing for that time the mo-
tion and its discus-ton.''
! Now, the effect of that paragraph is that it
I postpones the whole question; not only the discus-
! sion of the question, but the question itself until
: the next day. And that was the original effect of
: the previous question under the parliamentary
law. It was introduced to enable the House to
get rid of a question that they did not desire to
entertain; and when the previous question is sus-
tained, it goes over to the next day, not simply
the discussion of it, but the motion itself. If the
previous question be sustained under the rule re-
ferred to by the gentleman from Iowa, the whole
effect of it is to suppress the proposition of the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Hutchins] for to-day,
I and to postpone it until to-moirow.
i; Mr. NOkLL obtained the floor.
| j- Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I simply wish
Ij to state a word m reply to the gentleman from
\ North Carolina, [Mr. Branch,] and to show that
! he has misapprehended the whole question.
|j Mr. LEAKE. I rise toaquestionof privilege.
;| I do not propose to enter upon any general dis-
m cussion at this time, but to reply to an assault
upon me from a quarter outside of this House. I
!j have the light to leply to an assault coming from
any quarter whatever.
Air. NOELL. I yield the floor to the gentle-
man for the purpose which he indicates.
Mr. LEAKE. I send up to the Clerk's desk
a copy of the New York Courier and Enquirer,
of the date of January 18, and ask that the ex-
tracts which I have marked may be read:
The Cleik read, as follows:
Although a week ha* passed since this debate occurred,
wc republic!) the loie^oing poilion of it, rathei toi the pur-
pose ot refcienee hereafter, than tor any present comment-
"Those who are familiar with eongie >ional debates,
need not be told that the geneial ehatactcr of southern
'•percho-j, on the floor of thu House ol Representatives is
characteuzed hy reckless flippancy rather than by dignity,
discietion. oi judgment. And the ^peeche^of Mich men as
Ktitt, (tartiu i,t,, Leake, and some twenty others, who
have foolishly and childishly proclaimed on the floor of the
House, that the election o'f Wiu.iam II. Seward to the
Presidency, or Sherman' as Speaker, would be abundant
cause tor a dissolution of the Union, and that the South
j| will, therefoie, .secede, arc only evidences of the weakness
II and folly of thu^e who thu- stultify themselves, instead of
'j conveying to the countiy the feclmys and opinion* of any
lar«re portion of their constituents. It mehinrholv to re-
fleet that such weak and childish men can be elected to
■ seats in Congiess; but it must be borne in mind that all po-
,! litical power'm the southern country is in the hands of the
;• two hundred and fifty thousand *lavehoklers, and that a
j; majority of the six mdhon of 1 pool white men," who do
11 not hold slaves, aie in such a miserable condition that books
!' have been published and euculated in favor of reducing
them to a btate of slavery! and many southern presses have
|i openly advocated such proceeding. It follows, then, that
'! the^e*' fire -eateis,' as they boastfully call themselves, rrp-
'! resent simply the slave-power of the South, or. m other
,: words, the two hundred and fittj thousand of the six mil-
ium white and font million cuioi"d population of the soiuh-
; I em States.r *. * r ■< *
j! '• We desire to place on record this testimony of southeri
M men in regard to the institution of slavery and its tenden-
