2490
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 81,
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had ex-
amined, and found truly enrolled, a bill for the
relief of Mary J. Maddux; when the Speaker
signed the same.
And then, on motion of Mr. SMITH, of Vir-
ginia, (at four o'clock and forty minutes, p. m.,)
the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, May 31, I860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
CREDENTIALS.
Mr. DIXON presented the credentials of Hon.
Lafayette S. Foster, elected cfScnator of the Uni-
ted States by the Legislature of the State of Con-
necticut, for the term of six years from and after
the 4th day of March, 1861; which were road,
and. ordered to be placed on file.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of the Treasury,
transmitting-, in compliance with a resolution of
the Senate of the 28th instant, directing; the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to report the present state
and condition of the new custom-house at New
Orleans, and whether, in his opinion, true economy
does not require thai further appropriations be
now made for Us completion, a report from the
acting engineer in cluuge of the office of construc-
tion under the Treasury Department, relative to
the state and condition of that work; which was,
on motion of Mr. Slideli,, referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance, and ordcied to be printed.
lie also laid before the Senate a letter from the
chief clerk of the Court of Claims, returning, in
compliance with the order of the Senate of the
29th instant, the papers in the case of Henry Rice;
which, in pursuance of a previous order of the
Senate, were referred, to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. FITCU presented the memorial of the
Emigrant Agricultural and Manufacturing Asso-
ciation of Mantan, Kansas, praying authority to
enter six sections of land, at the minimum price,
for the use and hem fit of that institution; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BIGLEii piesented the petition of Maria
W. Sanders, widow of the late Brevet Major John
Sanders, of the engineer corps, praying a pen-
sion; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
lie also presented the memorial of Bowen <fc
Co., praying payment for certain lithographic
work executed by them for the American State
Papers; which was referred to the Committee on
Printing.
He also presented the memorial of Van Ingen
& Snyder, praying payment for executing cer-
tain wood engravings for the American State Pa-
pers; which was referred to the Committee on
Printing.
He also presented the memorial of A. Iloen &
Co., praying payment for oeitain lithographing
done by them for the American State Papers;
which was referred to the Commit tee on Printing, j
Mr. IVJERSON presented a petition of citizens ;
of Bryan county, Georgia, praying the establish- ]
merit of a mail route, from Way's Station to i
Statesboro, in that State; winch was refeired to j
the Committee on the PostOtfiee and Post Roads. j
Mr.RICE presented a petition of S.N.Wood, !
M. F. Conway, and otlurs, citizen?; of Kansas, 1
praying the establishment of a moil loute from
A'opeka, via Springfield, to Council Grove; from j
Council Grove to Cottonwood Falls; from Cot- j
ton wood Falls, via Bazaar, to Chelsea; and fiom j
MarysvilK via Mernmac, St. George, and Wan- ;
bonscc, to Wilmington, all in the Territory of j
Kansas; which was referred io the Committee on !
the Post Office and Post Roads. J
Mr.TRUMBULL presented the petition of D. |
S. Stafford and others, citizens of Illinois, against '
tilt; lepeal of that provision of law wluch allows ■:
an appeal from the decision* of the Commissioner j
of Patents, in certain cases, to the judges of the j
circuit court of the District of Columbia; which
was ordered to lie on the table, the subject having
been disposed of by the Senate.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Washington, Perry, and St. Clair counties, in Illi-
nois, praying the establishment of a mail route
from Belleville to Coloma, on the Central rail-
road in that State; which was referred to the Com- :
mittee on the Post Office and Post £.oads.
Mr. BROWN presented a memorial of citizens
of Washington and the adjoining country, against
the removal of the Potomac bridge from its pres-
ent site; which was referred to the Committee on
the District of Columbia.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. GWIN, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Pensions be discharged
from the further eoinideiation of the petition of Nancy
Read, widow of Levi Read, praying for a pension ; and that
the petitioner have leave to vvithdiaw her petition and
papers.
BRAGG AND GIBSON.
Mr. POLIC. The Committee on Private Land
Claims, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
367) for the relief of Braxton Bragg and Randall
L. Gibson, have instructed me to report it back
without amendment, with a recommendation that
it do pass; and I ask the consent of the Senate to
consider the bill at this time.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the "Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill. It proposes to confirm Braxton Bragg and
Randall L. Gibson in their elaim to the portion
of the tract of land known and designated in the
surveys of the United States for the southeastern
district of Louisiana as section or lot No. 27, of
township fourteen south, in range sixteen east,
(west of the river Mississippi,) of which they
arc now in possession under title derived from
Domingo Esteve, or his heirs.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. RICE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution (S.
No. 39) authorizing the Secretary of the Interior
to purchase certain books; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
Mr. BROWN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
483) to incorporate the Mount Olivet Cemetery,
in the District of Columbia; winch was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on the District of Columbia.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent ob-
tained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 484) to
incorporate the trustees of the New Jerusalem
church of the city of Washington; which was
read twicc by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. THOMSON, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, to whom was referred the joint ievo-
lution (S. No. 36) for the restoration of Lieuten-
ant Augustus tf. Baldwin to the active list, from
the leave of absence list of the Navy, reported it
without amendment; and submitted a report,
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr IVERSON, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom wns referred the bill from the Court oi
Claims for the relief of Richard S. Coxe, with
the opinion of the court in favor of the claim,
reported the bill (S. No. 477) for the relief of
Richard S. Coxe, without amendment. The bill
wa^ read, and passed to a second reading.
llu also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill from the Court of Claims
for the relief of Alexander M. Jackson, adminis-
trator of John Gorman, deceased, with the opin-
ion of the court m favor of the claim, reported the
bill (S. No. 478) for the relief of Alexander M.
Jackson, administrator of John Gorman, deceased,
witlroutamondmeiK. The bill was read, and passed
to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was refeired th<* bill from the Coiut of Claims
for the relief of Nehemiah Garrison, assignee of
M gscs Poikms, with the opinion of the court m
favor of the claim, reported the bill (S. N. 479)^
for the relief of Nehemiah Garris&n, assignee of
Moses Perkins, without amendment. The bill
was read, and passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill from the Court of Claims
for the relief of Danford Mott, with the opinion
of the court in favor of the claim, reported the
bill (S. No. 480) for the relief of Dapford Mott,
with out amen dment. The bill was read, and passed
to a second reading.
Mr. SATJLSBTJRY, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the petition of
Frances M. Webster, widow of Brevet Lieutenant
Colonel Lucien B. Webster, late of the Army,
praying a pension, submitted a report, accom-
panied by a bill (S. No. 483) for the relief of
Frances M. Webster. The bill was read, and
passed to a second reading; and the report was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. CRITTENDEN, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, to whom was referred the
petition of Ford Barnes, praying compensation
for the services of his father, Job Barnes, a sol-
diei in the revolutionary war, submitted an ad-
verse report; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred a resolution of the
Senate, directing the committee to inquire into the
expediency of providing.by law that there shall
be no more appointments to the grade of pursers
in the Navy, but that all duties now performed
by officers of this grade shall be performed by
officers of the line; and also, to inquire into the
expediency of providing by law that $11 appoint-
ments to the marine corps of the United States
shall be made from graduates of the United States
Naval Academy,asked to be discharged from its
further consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom-
was referred a" resolution instructing the com-
mittee to inquire into and report upon the expe-
diency of having all commissions of captains and
lieutenants in the revenue service submitted to
the Senate for confirmation, subject to the same
rules and restrictions that apply to similar com-
missions in the Navy, and also on the propriety
of increasing the pay of said captains and lieuten-
ants, asked to discharged from its further consid-
eration: which was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the message of
the President of the United States, in relation to
the capture of the bark William, with about five
hundred and fifty African negroes on board, by
Lieutenant Stanley, of the steamer Wyandotte,
asked to be discharged from its further consider-
ation, the .subject having already been actcd on
by the Senate; which was agreed to.
Mr. PUG 11, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to whom was referred the memorial of
Logan Hunton,late United States attorney for
the eastern district of Louisiana, praying com-
pensation for prosecuting suits against Narcisso
Lopez, John Henderson, and others, for viola-
tions of the neutrality laws, reported a bill (S.
No. 482) for the relief of Logan Hunton; which
was lead, and passed to a second reading.
DISTRICT MILITIA.
Mr. DAVIS submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, Thatthe Sccietary of War bcdiiectcd to com-
municate to the Senate the report and plan (or the better
oieamzation of the nuiitia of the D^tnct ol Columbia, ic-
ceutty submitted to the Depaumont by the members of the
hoard of Army and militia officers appointed tor the pur-
pose of taking into consideration and leportins upon the
subject oi a reoiganization ot the militia of this Dibtnct.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forn-ey, its Clerk, announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed tne following
enrolled bills; which thereupon received the signa-
ture of tho Vice President:
A bill (J-I. II. No. 640) for the relief of Wen-
dell Trout;
A bill (I-I. R. No. 394) for the relief of Mary
J. Maddux; and
A bill (H. R. No. 367) for the relief of Brax-
ton Bragg and Randall L. Gibson.
PRINTING OF A DOCUMENT.
The message further announced that the House
had ordered this day, at eleven o'clock and twenty-
