1546
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
Mr. NELSON proceeded to address the commit-
tee in support of the bill. • [His remarks will be
published in the Appendix.]
While Mr. Nelson was speaking,
Mr. BARKSDALE said: I ask the gentleman
ffom Tennessee to yield to me, that I may move
an adjournment. There is so much confusion and
disorder in the Hall, that it is almost impossible
for the gentleman to proceed. Besides, a number
of gentlemen are compelled to leave, who desire
very much to hear him.
Mr. NELSON. I will yield to the gentleman
for that purpose.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon, (at
twenty-five minutes to five o'clock, p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, April 5, 3860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. FOSTER. I have received, and been re-
quested to present to the Senate, nineteen memo-
rials, praying for the discontinuance of the spirit
ration from tiie ration table of the Navy. These
memorials are very numerously signed, having
nearly seven hundred signatures. They owe then-
origin, I believe, to a convention of chaplains,
ministers of mariners' churches, and others in-
terested'in the welfare of seamen, held at New
York in the month of November last, recommend-
ing the adoption of such a rule in the service. I
notice the names of officers of the highest grade
in our service attached to these memorials; men
of great distinction, of high character, and of long
experience. The namesofofficcrsoflower grades,
petty officers, and seamen in large numbers, are
also attached to these memorials. A former Sec-
retary of the Navy has heretofore recommended
this measure; and it seems to mc that its adoption
would do more to raise the character of seamen,
and promote the efficiency of the service, than any
one thing we could do. To maintain discipline
on board our ships would be much easier, and
cases of insubordination much rarer. The aboli-
tion of the spirit ration should have prcccdcd,not
followed, the abolition of corporal punishment.
These petitions propose to make to each man an
allowance in money, in lieu of the spirit ration;
so that the men will be gainers in every respect.
I consider the subject one of great importance, and
I trust that these memorials will receive the favor-
able consideration of the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom I movo'their reference.
T,he motion was agreed to.
Mr. HAMMOND presented the petition of
Lieutenant A. F. Warloy, of the United States
Navy, praying relief from the consequence of a
sentence oi a court-martial; which was referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. YULEE presented the petition of T. J.
M. Richardson and Thomas Ross, executors of
Samuel B. Richardson, praying payment for fif-
teen da^s' service performed by S. B. Richard-
son, as a member of the Senate during the session
of the Legislative Council of the Territory of
Florida, for the year 1845; which was referred to
the Committee on Territories.
Mr. KENNEDY presented the petition of the
Baltimore and Ohio Raihorid Company, for au-
thority to extend the Washington branch of their
road to the Potomac river and across the same, by
means of the pile structure connected with the !
Long Bridge; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion-of Mr. HALE, it was
Ordered, That the petition of N.mey (trad, widow of
Levi Read, a soldier m the Revolution, praying a pension,
on the files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on
Peiihion-j.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the petition of the
settlers on the Fort Atkinson military reservation
and Old Indian Agency, praying the right of pre-
emption, submitted a report,accompanied by a
bill (S. No. 371) for the relief of certain settlers
in the State of Iowa. The bill was read, and
passed to a second reading; and the report was
ordered to be printed.
Mr.lYERSON,from the Committeeon Claims,
to whom was referred the report of the Court of
Claims on the petition of Eliza E. Ogden, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No.
374) for the^relief of Mrs. Eliza E. Ogden. The
bill was read, and passed to a second reading; and
the report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of William P. Bowkay,
praying compensation for his services, and for
certain inventions, adopted by the Government, in
ship-building, submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill (S,No. 373) for the relief of William P.
Bowkay. The bill was read, and passed to a sec-
ond reading; and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. BRAGG, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 347)
to declare the meaning of the act entitled " An act
making further provisions for the satisfaction of
Virginia land warrants," passed August 31,1852,
reported it with an amendment.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the memorial of citi-
zens of Texas, praying the establishment of a
port of entry at Sabine Pass, in that State, sub-
mitted a report, and asked to be discharged from
its further consideration; which was agreed to,
the power to grant all the relief necessary being
already vested in the Secretary of the Treasury
by an existing law.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office, to whom was re-
ferred the petition of Bancroft Woodcock, pray-
ing an extension of his patent for an improve-
ment in the construction of the plow, submitted
an adverse report.
Mr. FITZPATRICK, from the Committee on
Military Affairs and Militia, to whom was re-
ferred the memorial of Major Benjamin Alvord,
a paymaster in the United States Army, praying
that the proper accounting officers of the Treas-
ury be authorized to credit him with $14,000 of
the public funds, lost by the shipwreck of the
steamship Northerner, on the 5th of January,
I860, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill
(S. No. 376) for the relief of Major Benjamin
Alvord, paymaster of the United States Army;
which was read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. FITCH, from the Committee on Printing,
to whom was referred the motion to print the me-
morial of Duff Green, president of the Sabine
and Rio Grande Railroad Company, in the State
of Texas, praying such enlargement of the pow-
ers and privileges of that company as will enable
them to extend their road to the Pacific, at or
near Mazatlan, reported in favor of printing the
usual number; and the report was agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, to whom was referred a me-
morial of the Mayor and Council of the city of
Baton Rouge, Louisiana, praying the confirma-
tion of a certain claim, submitted a report, accom-
panied by a bill (S. No. 378) to relinquish the title
of the United States to certain lands occupied by
the city of Baton Rouge, in Louisiana. The bill
was read, and passed to a second reading; and the
report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Joseph Menard,
praying to be allowed to relocate certain warrants
for land granted the late Marquis de la Fayette,
of which he is the assignee, submitted a report,
accompanied by a bill (S. No. 380) to amend an
act entitled 44 An act to authorize a relocation of
land warrants Nos. 3, 4, and 5, granted by Con-
gress toGeneral La Fayette,"approved February
26, 1845. The bill was read, and passed to a
second reading; and the report was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Daniel Whitney, for
the issue of patents for certain land at Green Bay,
Wisconsin, in favor of parties to whom said land
was confirmed, underthe act of February 21,1823,
by commissioners appointed under that act, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No.
379) for the relief of Daniel Whitney. The bill
was read, and passed to a second reading; and the
report was ordered to be printed.
R< R. RICHARDS.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to offer a joint resolution for the re-
lief of Rev. R. R. Richards, chaplain to the Uni-
ted States penitentiary in the District of Colum-
bia, and I ask the Senate to take it up for action.
The joint resolution (S. No. 24) for the relief
of Rev. R. R. Richards, chaplain to the United
States penitentiary in the District of Columbia,
was read the first and second time by unanimous
consent, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It proposes to appropriate $300 for Mr.
Richards's salary for the half year ending June
30, 1857.
Mr. BIGLER. It is all right.
Mr. HAMLIN. I move that the joint resolu-
tion be referred to the Committee on the District
of Columbia.
Mr. BROWN. I do not think it is worthwhile
to refer it. The Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia considered it and brought it into the Sen-
ate during the last Congress, and it was unani-
mously passed after debate here. The whole mat-
ter was inquired into, and the Government owes
this man $>300. It is a small sum.
Mr. BIGLER. The facts can be stated in a
few moments. This man was appointed chap-
lain of the penitentiary, and performed the duty,
and has not been paid. The Secretary of the In-
terior at one time raised a question, because Mr.
Richards at the time acted as clerk; but he subse-
quently abandoned that objection, and the case
stands free of difficulty. Mr. Richards performed
the service, and simply asks the compensation
which the law allows nim; and I hope the joint
resolution will be passed. It has heretofore
passed the Senate; certainly once, if not twice.
Mr. HAMLIN. I withdraw my motion.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
CONTRACTS OF THE WAR DEPARTMENT.
Mr. WILSON. I submit the following reso-
lution, and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs and
Militia be instructed to inquire what contracts, if any,
have been entered into by the War Department, or by any
officer or agent thereof, in the last three years, for iron for
the public buildings; whether such contracts were made
after public adveitisement, or otherwise; the amount of iron
contractcd for, and the amount furnished ; the prices paid,
or ordered to he paid ; and whether the same were in ac-
cordance with the contracts, or otherwise; and if not, by
what authority they were paid, or ordered to be paid; and
under what authority of law said contracts have been en-
tered into, either by the War Department, or any officer or
agent thereof. Also, that said committee inquire what con-
tracts have been entered into by the War Department for
shot or shells, and iron gun-carriages; or what orders have
been given by that Department, or by any officer thereof,
whether civil or military, for shot or shells, and iron gun-
carriages ; how such orders or contracts were obtained;
under what autherity the orders were issued or the con-
tracts made; whether by public advertisement in open mar-
ket, or l>)  close-.purchase; the reasons for issuing such
orders or making such contracts ; the necessity for making
the expenditure; and if due legard has been had therein to
the public service. And that said committee have power
to send for persons and papers, with leave to report at any
time.
Mr. YULEE. I object to the consideration of
the resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will He over.
ANGELINA C.BOWMAN.
Mr. BTGLER. I ask the Senate to consider a
bill which I have repeatedly attempted to take up;
one which I hope the Senate will now consider.
It is the bill (S. No. 299) for the relief of Angelina
C. Bowman, widow of Francis L. Bowmon, late
captain in the United States Army.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
readasecond time, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. It provides for placing Mrs.
Bowman's name upon the pension roll, at the rate
of thirty dollars ^>er month, from the 13th of Jan-
uary, 1859, to continue for life.
Mr. BIGLER. I will explain the merits of this
bill very briefly. It is in all particulars the bill
which passed at the last session. It passed the
Senate at a very late houfr, and was lost, on a slight
amendment, between the two Houses. Mrs. Bow-
man was the wife of the late Francis L. Bowman,
who was a major of volunteers in the Mexican
war, and who, according to the testimony, it ap-
peared, acquired a disease there which ultimately
destroyed his life. He was afterwards appointed
