I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
105
36th Cong.,.. 1st Sess.
Invasion of SLatest—'Mr. Hunter.
Senate.
of cotton, sugar, tobacco, and rice; that m the
States on tho Pacific coast, we fiad another and
different great product—I mean the mining of gold.
It will be perceived, that owing to the pccuhar
constitution of southern labor, these interests arc
nothostile and rival, but subsidiary. Finding it
more profitable to apply their labor to the planting
interest than to navigation or manufactures, they
become a great people of customers and not of
rivals to thu great northeastern interests of nav-
igation and manufactures. The same maybe said,
to a great extent, of the provision-raising States
of the Northwest. And thus it is plain that, owing
to this very constitution of society, wc have a col-
lection not of hostile but of subsidiary interests.
Now, sir, the precise value of this southern
market to the northeastern States I cannot estimate
with precision: but I have the data which will en-
able us to reach some approximate results which I
think will be startling, and at least within the mark.
I find, by a statement from the Treasury Depart-
ment, that the portion of the foreign exports which
were produced m the South during the last fiscal
year, is estimated at $200,000,000; and it has also
been given to me by on^who is well calculated, by
his previous pursuits and studies, to express an
opinion on thatsubject,thatthe value of the freights
upon these exports ranged from seven to eight per
cent, on the value of the cargo, making something
like fourteen million dollars upon these exports.
The value of the freights upon the return trade he
estimates, and I acknowledge it is a mere estimate,
at a third of that upon exports, which would give
something like twenty-one or twenty-two million
dollars in the freights of the whole foreign trade;
and seven-tenths of this, he says, belongs to our
own navigating interest. The coasting trade, m
which they have a monopoly, probably yields
them nearly if not quite as much more; making a
sum which they annually derive from southern
commerce for this navigating interest, piobably
ranging between thirty and forty million dolLus.
In regard to the market which is opened for the
manufacturing interest, I can approximate to a
somewhnt nearer result. If we take De Bow's
estimate of $1,000,000,000, in round numbers, as
the annual value of the manufacturing product,
in 1850, and if we suppose the southern people to
consume in proportion to population, and the
people of the northeastern States to contribute in
their proportion of two thirds of the manufactures
of the whole Union, we shall find that at that day
the southern States consumed something moiC
than $350,000,000; and when we corac to add tho
probable increase, rating it at fifty per c>nf., which
is a small addition when we compare it with the
annual increase at former decennial periods, we
find that now there are probably something like
$480,000,000 of the manufactures of those States
consumed in the South. Suppose that one half
of this represents the wages of labor, some
§240,000,000, and allow eighty dollars (which is
an immense estimate) per head for each man,
woman, and child, and this consumption would
represent a population of something like three mil-
lion people. It is to be remembered that I have not
added to this the population which is supported
out of the profits of capital, the population which
is supported out of the earnings of freight, or the
population which is supported out of that portion
of southern commerce which is now centralized at
New York, and but for the Union would have
gone South. I say, therefore, that.it is a mod-
erate estimate to suppose that there are from three
to four million human beings in the northeastern
vStates who owe their livelihood and subsistence
to the commerce of the South, and who but for
this commerce would either be forced to emigrate
or to starve, unless, indeed, other markets of equal
value could be found somewhere else in the world.
In regard to the number who are thus sustained m
the northwestern States, I have no means of esti-
mating. I only know that the southern market
for their products is of immense value; and 1 know,
too, that to that market must be credited the sup-
plies which they furnish to those three or four
million people who are sustaim d by the southern'
custom m the manufacturing; and navigating States
of the Northeast.
So that we see, Mr. President, as I said before,
that owing to the constitution of southern labor,
here are these vast interests which are nothostile,
but of mutual assistance to each other. The south-
ern planter employs the northern shipper to trans-
port his products abroad; the southern consumer
uses the northern manufacture; and owing to the
constitution of southern population, these north-
eastern producers find there a market in which they
are undisturbed by rivals. The same may be said
to a considerable extent of the market of the cot-
ton States for the provisions of the Northwest;
and then comes the gold product of California,
contributing its immense amounts to give stabil-
ity to that system of credit in which all are inter-
ested, and greatly adding in themselves to the
general mass of the wealth of the country.
But what now, let me ask, has been the opera-
tion of this Government oil these sectional inter-
ests? Why, sir, it is notorious that the naviga-
ting and manufacturing interests have grown up
under the shadow of the protective system. The
fishing vessels to this day draw bounties from the
Treasury of the United States. So far as the
coasting navigation is concerned, the American—
which means merely the northeastern—shipping,
has by law a complete monopoly of the trade, and
almost the same thing may be said of their man-
ufacturing; interest, which has grown up under a
system of heavily protecting duties. We all know
that heavy duties have been laid m past times not
merely for the purposes of revenue, but in order
to enhance the price of thy foreign product so
much that the home manufacturer might find his
market here. Nor is this all, sir. We find some-
thing of the same operation in regard to tho sys>
tcmof crcditandofforeign commerce. 1 acknowl-
edge that, when the Union was once established,
natural causes would have concentrated the com-
merce in the Northeast; but that event was cer-
tainly hurried by the favoring operation of this
General Government; for when it determined to
take bank paper in payment of public dues, what
was that but an indorsement of the bank credit,
which was but a representative of the individual
credit, which, so far as the Federal revenue is
concerned, was on a par with specie5 And when
m addition to this, they located m the Northeast
the United States bank, which had so large a con-
trol over banking credit, is it not manifest that
they hastened this process of concentration?
l'spcak not of these things in the way of com-
plaint. I am giving a mere narrative of facts. But
now, I would ask, what has been the influence of
southern power, so far as wc have had power, on
this Government5 Has it not been eminently
conservative'1 Must it not be so from the nature
of things ? The slaveholder, owning both capital
and labor, represents both, and is interested in
doing justice to both; and, therefore, he comes in
as an impartial arbiter, so far as he has influence,
to settle those disputes between capital and labor
which occur in every civilized Government. Be-
ing, as the. South is, a minority power in this
Confederacy; having a great interest wh ich is con-
stantly assailed, and which it can only protect
within the Union under the Constitution, its in-
terests, as well as its principles, have made it the
watch-dog of the Constitution, and the defender
and the guardian of all the limitations and ustiic-
tions on the absolute will of tin; majority. Con-
tributing, as it does, more to the public fisc than
it receives m return in the shape of appropriation,
its interest leads it to economy of expenditures
in the General Government. And are not these
functions, which are undoubtedly performed by
the South, eminently conservative ' Are they not
of great value and use to every section and every
interest in this Confederacy ? Aie we not all in-
terested in supporting and maintaining the Con-
stitutionof thoUmtedStates ? It is to beobserved,
too, m regard to these interests, that while other#
have grown up under the fosteinig and protecting
hand of the Government, the South has never asked
one dollar to sustain an interest of lieis, unless
you except the few sugar-planters, who consti-
tute but a mmoiity of her population.
If, then, I am right, Mr. President, we see here
a mass of vast and associated interests which mu-
tually contribute to the support of eacli other,
constituting, if I may use the simile, a mighty
arch, which by its concentiated strength, and
by tho mutual support of its parts, is able to sus-
tain such a social superstructure as perhaps is
unparalleled in the history of man; and is it not
obvious-, too, that the very-keystone of this arch
consists in the black marble block of African sla-
very ? Knock that out, and the mighty fabric,
with all that it upholds, topples and tumbles to
its fall. I will not say that out of its scattered
material you might not build up something use-
ful and great, but 1 wjil say that these separate
pillars, in detached columns, would be incapable
of sustaining the weight which might safely re-
pose upon the compact and consolidated arch.
Now, sir, one would say that that keystone was
safe from any internal attacks, or from the attacks
of those who valued those industrial interests
which it helps to uphold and maintain; and yet,
strange to say, the institution of slavery has been
the object of continual and persistent warfare for
more than forty years. It commenced with the
Missouri restriction, which undertook to put the
southern scheme of social organization under the
ban of this Government; which proclaimed that the
slavcholding States should not have equal rights
to expand and spread their systems and their in-
stitutions into the common territory, the common
property of the Union. Having commenced it
thus, the war was continued, by an abuse of what
was called the right of petition, which was used
to make the common Hall of that Government,
which was designed for the protection of all, the
theater for agitation against the social system of
the South, mid against its peace and its safety. Sir,
what was the object of those petitions, and of the
debate which they occasioned, cxcept to make the
slaveholder odious a d to make the institution of
slavery detestable m the eyesof all northern men,
and of the whole civilized world, so far as they
could do it1 Why, sir, its series of propositions
looked directly to a moral war, to be waged through
this Government, and on the floors of the common
Congress of the Confederacy, against this insti- •
tut ion of tli e States, against their peace and safety.
In defiance of the Constitution, they proposed to
abolish slavery m the arsenals, m the dock-yards,
in the District of Columbia, and, worse than all,
they proposed to abolish the slave trade between
the States, under specious pretexts that evils ac-
companied this trade, as if the same evils might
not be found in connection with emigration from
abroad; as if forced emigration, either of whites
or blacks, whether occasioned by the necessities
of poverty or by the will of the master, would not
1)0 accompanied with evil, and with occasional
sccnes of distress.
And yet, sir, anybody who has studied the his-
tory of the past, cannot have failed to observe
that it is this very operation which has enabled the
black to improve in his physical and moral con-
dition so rapidly in the South; because, when his
numbers press on the means of subsistence, and
times are likely to go hard with him, the law of
profit intervenes, and he is transported to a'coun-
try where his labor is more profitable and he gets
a larger share of the product m return; and it so
happens, by a beneficial arrangement of Provi-
dence, that the very line of direction which the
law of profit would give him is that which is best
for his own happiness and improvement, for it
takes him to a climate wljich is more congenial to
his physical wants and his nature. It was thus
that slavery has been transferred from the North to
the South. But for this, if lie had been pent up, as
was proposed, it is manifest that not only he, but
the white who was associated with him, must have
retrograded. A child of thesun, it would seem that
the law, n 11 lee of his happiness and of his progress,
consisted in his constant gravitation towards the
source from whence he sprung.
But, sir, as this party increased, it proceeded
to take still more dangerous grounds; and. we heard
it boldly announced that the guarantees given to
the slaveholding interest, in rcgaid to fugitive
slaves—and if so, it must be the case in all other
respects—were annulled by the obligations of a
higher law. How they practiced upon this-pre-
cept,we have seen in the list of shameful evasions
of this constitutional obligation which was given
us the other day by my friend from Georgia^ [Mr.
Toombs,] in the course of his masterly specch,
when he referred to the personal-liberty laws of
so many of the non-slaveholdmg States of this
Confedeiacy.
Mr. President, is it surprising that these bitter
seeds of sectional hate and alienation, which have
