1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2M
nine minutes, the printing of a latter of the Sec-
retary of War, transmitting a report of a board of
Army and militia officers on the subject of reor-'
ganizmg the militia of the District of Columbia.
PUBLIC I'MSTI^G INVESTIGATION.
Mr. SLIDjELL. I desire to make a report from
the select committee appointed under the resolu-
tion of the#4th of January. I ask that the reso-
lution be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
"■ Resolved, That a select committee be appointed to in-
quire and report to tlic Senate whether.$41,00U,oj any oilier
sum 01 sums, were paid by the Public JPiintcr, or any paity i.
who executed piinUng or binding for the la^t Confess or
the Evocative Departments, for the uae or benefit ot any
person or purty conducting a newspaper, or to aid in the
suppoit of any newspaper establishment, and especially
whether any such paj merit was made to oi foi the beiiclit
of the person or party interested m the publication of the
Washington Constitution, (latelj calied the Union,) the
I'entisyivanian, or the Philadelphia Aigus; whether any
conuact was made, oi any understanding had, at any tunc
during the last Congress, or since the 3d ol March last, be-
tween Mi. .Bowman, late Superintendent of Public Print-
ing, who was on the 17th 111-tant elected Punter to the
Senate, and the Printer for the Senate or the Executive
Departments duung the la«>t Congress, by which the said
Bowman was to receive $r-2U,000 or other sum a year from
such Printer while such Punter should have the printing
and binding oi'Congress or the Executive Departments, pay-
ment of said $20,000 or other sum a year to cease when-
ever such printing and binding bhould m whole 01 in part
be withheld Irom such Printer or party contacting to pay;
whethei anything was paid by such Printer or paity to .said
Bowman ; and it anything, how much; whether any, and
if any, what, other amount was levied foi any newspaper
or other purpose upon the Public Pi inter 01 any paiiy or
panics who executed public printing, or was paid by such
Pilntei 01 paity, or withhold out of the puce fixed by law
for printing irom any party who executed public punting
for Congress or the Executive Departments; and whether
any member ot the Cabinet, oi any othcer of the Govern-
ment, was abetting or privy to any such conuact, undei-
fctanditig, levy, 01 payment, or the withholding any part of
the puce fixed by law foi punting Irom any person or pai ty
who executed the punting. And the s aid committee ate
instructed to inquire and repoitwhat reduction ought to be
made in the puces now paid for public punting. For the
purposes ol this resolution, the said committee aie authoi-
ized to examine witnesses, and tu send for peisons and
papers."
Mr."SLIDELL. In pursuance of that resolu-
tion, tljo committee have held many meetings and
taken a large number of depositions, upon which
theyliave instructed me to make a report, and to
submit, for the action of the Senate, two resolu-
tions. For the proper understanding of the ex-
amination made by the committee of the matters
referred to them, of the testimony taken thereon,
and of the conclusions at which a majority of the
committee have arrived, it is necessary to make a
brief exposition of the laws regulating tlje public
printing. By the actof 2Gth August, 1852, all pre-
vious laws and regulations on the subject were re-
pealed, and the oili ee of Superintendent ofthc Pub-
lic Priming was created. It was provided that—
" 'Pile Suiieiintcmlontshlill be a practical punier, versed
in tlie various arts of punting ami book binding; and tie
shall not bp interested, dhuctly or indueetly, in any eontt.iet
ior printing tor Confess, or lor any Department or bureau
oi tbe Government ot tile United states. That thcie shall
be elected a Public fruiter tor each House of Congress, to
<!o tbe public printing lor the Congress for which iio or
they may be chosen, and silcii printing; for the Executive
Departments ot' the Government of the United States as
may be delivered to him or them, to be ptiuted, by tile
Superintendent of PubLc I'rmting.""
The style of printing and rates of composition
were established with great minuteness by the
act. The paper required was to he furnished by
contract with the lowest bidder, after due adver-
tisement. A joint committee on the public print-
ing, consisting of three members of the Senate
and three members of the House of Representa-
tives, was directed to be appointed by the Presi-
dent of the Senate and the Speaker of the House,
with certain poweis of supervision and control,
which it is not necessary to enumerate. Iiy a
clause of the. civil and diplomatic act of 3d Alarch,
1853, the binding nf certain' documents printed
by either House was placed under the super-
vision of the respective committees of printing of
each House.
By the eleventh section of the general printing
act of August, 1852, it was declared that nothing
therein contained '■ shall prevent the heads of Ex-
ecutive Departments from employing printers out
ofthc city of Washington to execute such print-
ing for any of said Departments as may be re-
quired for use out of Washington, when the same
can be executed elsewhere as cheap as the rates
herein specified." Witli this exception, then, the
different Executive Departments are compelled to
cause all the printing required for their use to bo
done under the direction of the Superintendent of
Public Printing, who, if the same individual be
Printer of both Houses, as has sometimes been
the case, has no discretion as to the choice of the
person by whom the work is to be executed, and,
if different persons be elected by the respective
Houses, can only select between them.
William A. Harris was chosen Printer of the
Senate, and James B. Steadman Printer of the
House of Representatives, for the Thirty-Fifth
Congress. Both of these gentlemen, immediately
after their election, contracted with Mr. Cornelius
Wendell for the performance of the public print-
ing of the respective Houses; and, in fact, dis-
posed of the privilege of executing it for certain
fixed sums—he receiving from them a transfer of
all their rights to the emoluments resulting there-
from, and they thus securing to him the advant-
age, also, of the executive printing, with the ex-
ception before stated of the printing required for
use out of Washington. Of this printing, the
only valuable portion,and,so far as the committee
have learned, the only portion which has been
printed out of Washington, is what are called
Post Office blanks. The s\nnual expenditure for
these blanks was. for 1857, $38,026 9G; for 1858,
$35,907 8*2; for 1859, $45,1C9 39. The prices for
printing these blanks were fixed by the general
law of 2Glh August, 1852, and have not since been
changed. They were generally supposed to be
highly remunerative, and, therefore, many per-
sons applied to the present Administration for the
privilege of printing them.
The successful applicant was Mr. William Rice,
propnetor of the Pennsylvanian, a Democratic
newspaper, published in Philadelphia. The order
for the printing of the blanks, and such other
printing as might be required for the use of the
Post Office Department out of the city of Wash-
ington, was given by the then Postmaster General
to Mr. Rice, on the 31st December, 1857; the order
was revocable, by its express terms, at any time.
Although there is no direct evidence of the fact,
it is fair to presume that the order was given with
the knowledge and assent of the President. The
power to give and to withdraw this order was as
absolute, on the part of the Postmaster General,
as to appoint a mail agent or clerk m his Depart-
ment, and, until revoked, conferred on Mr. Rice
a right as complete to receive the price of his
work, and enjoy the profits, as that of any em-
ploye of the tost Office to his salary, as fixed by
law. Mr. Rice, soon after he received the order,
made with Mr. Wendell, who was then, as be-
fore stated, virtually the Printer of both Houses
of Congiess, a contract for the execution of the
work; the teuns, as fixed by themselves, were,
that Rice was to receive forty-three per cent, of
the gross amount of the bills, and Wendell was
to retain fifty-seven per cent. This agreement
appears to have been simultaneous with the order,
as, on the same day, Iticc, by letter addressed to
the Postmaster General, appointed Wendell his
agent in relation to Post Office blanks, and re-
quested that the orders should be transmitted to
Wendell, who would give them his attention.
Wendell thus, by his agreement with Harris,
Steadman, and Rice, had for the time, at least, all
the printing of Congress and all the printing of
the Executive Departments under his control; and
from this fact, probably, arises the confusion of
ideas, under which he seems to labor in giving
his testimony, when he speaks of having been
compelled to contribute from his own means for'
the support of the Pennsylvanian and othernews-
papors.
The committee, in their report, take occasion,
in examining the evidence given by Mr. Wendell,
to comment on the inaccuracy of his memory,
and the recklessness of his assertions, many of
them contradicted by himself, and others by the
concurrent testimony of several unimpeachable
witnesses. Wendell was the proprietor of tire
Union, a newspaper published in the city of
Washington, and advocating the principles and
policy of the Administration, lie, according to
his own statement, finding that the paper could
not be carried on without an annual loss of eigh-
teen to twenty thousand dollars, desired to rid him-
self of the buiden. But the Prmtcrof the Senate,
W. A. Han is, who, at the time of his election,
was the editor and proprietor of the Union, and
who owed his ciection chie/ly to this fact, very
soon after his election, by the same agreement by
which he disposed of his interest in' tlie printing
for the sum of $10,000per annum, sold, orrather
retransferred the "Union to Wendell, had stipu-
lated that Wendell should "provide the neces-
sary pecuniary means, and pay all the charges
and expenses of every kind for conducting the
paper in future; to providefor its proper editorial
management, subject to the control and according
t.o the judgment of Hon. John Appleton, and to
pay tlic salary of such editorial assistance as said
Appleton might deem necessary." Mr. Harris
expressly says in his testimony, pages 118 and
119, that he would not have made the agreement
unless Wendell had agreed to keep up the Union
as mi Administration paper, and that he would
have thought it a breach of good faith to make
any change of the political character of the paper.
The bargain, then, having been made witn that
condition, Harris, had it been violated, would of
course have rescinded it altogether, would have
resumed the Senate printing, and Wendell would
have ceased not only to do that work, but would
at the same time have lost the printing and bind-
ing of the Executive Departments, which, by hia
statement, is the most profitable branch of the
business.
Under these circumstances, he offered to Mr.
Appleton and to Mr. McDonald the transfer of tho
Union on the same terms that it Was afterwards
sold to Mr. George W. Bowman, who was then
Superintendent of Public Printing. Wendell had
another and, apparently, from his own testimony,
a very controlling reason for desiring to transfer
the Union to Bowman, who, if he accepted, would
necessarily be obliged to resign his office of Su-
perintendent, in the administration of which he
had been found much less complaisant than his
predecessor, Mr. Seaman, who is now indietcd
for numerous frauds and embezzlements. Between
him and ^en'dell a most excellent understanding,
for reasons developed by the proceedings of the
House select committee of second session of
Thirty-Fifth Congress, to investigate the accounts'
of Seaman, seems to have existed. Bowman insti-
tuted many reforms in the public printing, which
were so effectively carried out as to produce a
saving in that branch of expenditures of §200,000
per annum. His estimate of this saving does not
appear to be exaggerated, and is, in the main,
corroborated by Mr. Towers, who, from long ser-
vice in the office of successive Superintendents, is
a very competent judge of these matters. This
disposition to reform and economize expenditure,
thus curtailing the profits of Wendell, which he
estimated to be fifty per cent, on the gross amount
of his printing bills, and his rigid construction of
the laws regulating the prices of printing, were
extremely distasteful to Wendell, and naturally
made him the more anxious to consummate the
transfer of the Union to Bowman, and thus, as
Wendell expressly admits—see page 199 of testi-
mony—to get him out of his way..
Such, then, was the position of the parties when
the agreement, of which the terms are embodied
in the joint letter of March 26, 1859, of Wendell
and Bowman to Messrs. A. O. P. Nicholson an l
J. S. Black (pages 5 and 6) was made. By this
agreement, Bowman was not to be a competitor
with -Wendell for any portion of the executive
printing then done by Wendell, (it will be recol-
lected that the Post Office blanks were then printed
by Wendell as the agent of Riceand that Bow-
man should receive at the rate oi $20,000 per an-
nn$n so long as Wendell should continue to do it as
he did at that time, but no longer. Of this sum,
however, of §20,000, it is admitted by all the par-
ties, and fully established by the testimony, but
$10,000 were to inure to Bowman's benefit; the
remaining $10,000 were to be paid to the Penn-
sylvanian. Wendell shows that, in all these ne-
gotiations, the initiative was taken by himself; all
the preliminary propositions emanated from him.
It seems, however, that Wendell, six months af-
terwards, availing himself of the authority given
to him by Rice to act as his agent with the Post
Office Department, assumed, without the assent or
oven knowledge of Rice, to divert, 111 the first in-
stance, one fourth of the forty-three per cent, to the
support of the Argus, a newspaper published in
Philadelphia, and very soon after to cease all pay-
ments to Rice,although the ordergivingthe print-
ing of the blanks was not rescinded until May 2,
1859.
