1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1547
captain in the Army, and stationed at Fort Sim-
coe, in the Territory of Washington. After being
in that position for about seven or eight months,
he showed indications of lunacy; and it was finally
determined that it was necessary to remove him
from the fort. He was started with an escort to
take him from FortSimcoe to the Dalles. On the
way, for the reason that the escort was not suffi-
cient, or, at least, not sufficiently vigilant, Captain
Bowman escapcd from the men who had him in
charge, in one of his fits of insanity. After some
three days' pursuit, his body was found mangled
by wild beasts. Mrs. Bowman was at the Dalles
at the time, and her family helpless. It cost her
some seven hundred dollars to remove the remains
of her unfortunate husband to his residence in the
State of Pennsylvania. She was enabled to do
this by the generosity of the officers and men of
the Army. She has asked Congress first to pay
her back the money which she expended, and
which was furnished to her by the soldiers, in
order that she might return it. This the commit-
tee decline to do; but the' evidence being satisfac-
tory that Captain Bowman acquired the disease
in the service of his country in Mexico, and that
he afterwards lost his life for want of proper care
on the part of the escort that had him in charge
when his mind was deranged, they have reported
that Mrs. Bowman is entitled to a pension; and
1 hope the bill will pass.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
LAKE COMMERCE.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred a petition of mer-
chants of Detroit, Michigan, praying an extension
to the lake commerce of the same limits to the
liabilities of ship-owners and others as is in force
on the ocean, have unanimously directed me to
report a bill in accordance with the prayer of the
petitioners; and I ask for its present considera-
tion. It merely extends to the lake commerce the
limitations which have for years existed on the
ocean.
By unanimous consent, the bill (S. No. 375)
to extend the provisions of an act approved March
3, 1851, entitled " An act to limit the liability of
ship-owners and for other purposes," to the lakes,
was road twice, considered as in Committee of the
Whole, reported to the Senate, ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, read the third time,
and passed.
PORT OF ENTRY.
Mr. CLAY. The Committee on Commerce,
tiFwhom was referred the joint resolution of
the House of Representatives (No. 26) cqnsti-
tuting Macon, Georgia, a port of entry for the
time being, for the purposes therein specified and
for other purposes, have instructed me to report
it back, and recommend its passage. Itis a mat-
ter of local interest, to which I presume no objec-
tion whatever will be interposed; and I trust it
will be acted on now.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the joint resolution (H. R. No. 2fi) constituting
Macon, Georgia, a port of entry for the time be-
ing, for the purposes therein specified and for other
purposes.
The preamble sets forth that it is m contem-
plation, by the cotton planters'conventionof the
State of Georgia, to institute and hold a fair, in
the month of December, in the city of Macon, in
the State of Georgia; and that it is contemplated
by a foreign association to exhibit their goods at
such fair; and as Macon is neither a port of entry
nor delivery, articles imported for exhibition at
such fair cannot, under existing laws, be exempted
from duty, though exported again when with-
drawn from exhibition; therefore, itis proposed
to enact that Macon, Georgia, be constituted a
port of entry, so far and to such extent as to au-
thorize the Secretary of the Treasury, at his dis-
cretion, to extend thereto all existing revenue
laws prevailing at ports of entry, and applicable
to bonded warehouses, to the bonding of imported
goods, wares, and merchandise, and exportation
of the same; but the force and effect of this Pro-
vision is to appertain only to importations made
for the purposes exclusively therein recited, and
for exportation."? of the same so having been ex-
hibited, and at such time or times before, during,
and after the fair, as shall, in the judgment of the
Secretary of the Treasury, seem reasonable for
those purposes.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
RELATIONS OF STATES.
Mr. CHESNUT. I ask the Senate to allow
me to take up, for the purpose of moving to make
them a special order, the resolutions of the Sena-
tor from Mississippi, [Mr. Davis.] I move that
they be taken up, and made the special order for
Monday, at half past one o'clock, when I shall
ask the indulgence of the Senate to address them
on the subject.
The motion was agreed to; and the resolutions
were made the special order for Monday next, at
half past one o'clock.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. BIGLER asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
372) for the relief of Gottleib Scherer; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. KEIJNEDY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
377) to authorize the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad
Company to extend the Washington branch of
their road to the Potomac river, and across the
same, by an extension of the present structure
known as the Long Bridge, for the purpose of con-
necting with the Virginia railroads at that point;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia, and
ordered to be printed.
WILLIAM B. SHUBRICK.
Mr. HAMMOND. I move to take up the Sen-
ate bill, (No. 295,) whicli will pass the Senate, I
think, at once, and without the slightest debate.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.No.
295) for the relief of William B. Shubrick, was
read the second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It provides for the allow-
ance to Captain William B. Shubrick, United
States Navy, in the settlement of his accounts,
the sum of SI ,550, paid by his order, while in com-
mand of the Pacific squadron, to H. R. De La
Reintrie, translator and interpreter in the public
service.
Mr. POLK. I ask the Senator from South Car-
olina whether the money was actually paid by
Commodore Shubrick for services rendered.
Mr. HAMMOND. Yes, sir.
Mr. POLK. Cash out of his pocket?
Mr. HAMMOND. Yes, sir; cash out of his
own pocket, but not allowed him by the Govern-
ment, and for very valuable services, which I can
explain in a moment, if any Senator desires.
Mr. POLK. 1 only desire to know if the Sen-
ator is satisfied that the services were necessary?
Mr. HAMMOND. Yes, sir.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time,, and passed.
EMBASSY PROM JAPAN.
Mr. MASON. I ask the Senate to take up for
consideration the joint resolution reported from
the Committee on Foreign Relations a few days
since, making an appropriation for the expenses
of the embassy from Japan. It will arrive here
within the next two or three weeks—the time is
uncertain—and if the appropriation is made, it is
proper the Government should know it, in order
to make the proper preparations.
The motion was agreed to; and the jointresolu-
tion (S. R. No. 23) in regard to the minister from
Japan, was read a second time, and considered as
in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to appropriate $50,000 to defray the
expenses of the envoys and suite, constituting the
Japanese embassy expected to arrive in the United
States, to be expended under the direction of the
Secretary of State.
The jointrcsolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
TERRITORIAL COURTS.
Mr. GREEN. I ask the Senate to take up the
bill (S. No. 148) concerning courts in the Terri-
tories, l'epoited by the Senator from Delaware,
[Mr. Batard,] from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary. He requested me to make the motion. It
is a mere formal matter.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
148) concerning courts in the Territories, was
read a second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. "
Mr. GREEN. The Secretary has either read
the bill incorrcctly, or it is not printed correctly.
The bill, as intended to be reported by the com-
mittee, was to give a right of appeal in all cases.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It gives jurisdiction and
provides for an appeal to the district court of the
United States where the amount exceeds $200.
Mr. GREEN. No, sir; it gives an appeal in
all cases, and I want the jurisdiction limited to
Mr. BENJAMIN. The committee reported
to give jurisdiction, providing an appeal to the
district court where the sum exceeded $200.
Mr. GREEN. The Senator is mistaken. The
committee recommended that the jurisdiction
should be limited to $200, with the right of ap-
peal. I move so to amend it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
of the Senator from Missouri is in line eight, to
strike out the word "exceeds, "and insert "does
not excecd;"so that it will read, "where the
amount in controversy, exclusive of costs, does •
not exceed $200."
Mr. GREEN. That is it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I think the Senator from
Missouri will find that he is in error as to the
reading of the bill.'
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
read the bill again.
The Secretary read the bill, as follows:
Be it enacted, 4'c., That tin: Legislative Assemblies of the
respective Territories are hereby authorized to confer pn
the probate courts civil jurisdiction in suits between resi-
dents only of the Territory where the suit is brought con-
current with the distiict courts ; subject, however, where
the amount in controversy, exclusive of costs, exceeds .'$"200,
to an appeal in all cases to the district court for a trial de
novo, and from thence to the supreme court of the proper
Territory, as in other cases : Provided, however, That no
jurisdiction in criminal cases shall be conferred upon the
said probate courts, or exercised by them.
Mr. GRIMES. I submit to the Senator from
Missouri that if the bill be amended as he pro-
poses, the probate courts will have jurisdiction
concurrcnt with the district court, and in cases
where the amount does not exceed $200, there will
be appeal to the district court; but in all cases
where it exceeds §200, there will be no appeal.
That is the effect of his amendment.
Mr. GREEN. I will explain to the Senator.
Under the decision of the supreme court of Kan-
sas it is held—and I think properly held—that the
probate court has no civil jurisdiction whatever,
ft is a probate court; in other words, it is a court
to administer estates, to appoint guardians, &c.,
but it has no civil jurisdiction to try any cause.
We want "to give it to them because the district
court has twelve hundred cases on the dockct, and
the district court judge cannot possibly discharge
all the duties. A large number of them are very'
small cases. The object of this bill is to enable
the Territorial Legislature to give the probate
courts what the law organizing the Territory does
not give them—a little civil jurisdiction; but we
want to limit to $200, with the right of appeal.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 understand that perfectly.
The object of the Senator is to give jurisdiction to
judges of probate where the amount involved in
the controversy does not exceed $200; but that is
not what he attains by the amendment lie pro-
poses to incorporate in the bill. As the bill will
stand with the amendment of the Senator from
Missouri, the probate courts will have unlimited
jurisdiction, coextensive with the district court;
but in cases where the amount involved does not
exceed $200, there will be an appeal to the dis-
trict court; but where the amount involved ex-
ceeds $200, there will be no appeal. That is the
amendment. ^
Mr. GREEN. I think the Senator is mis-
taken. My only purpose is this 
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the Senator allow
me to say a word to him ?
Mr. GREEN. Certainly.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If lie will-go and look to
the bill as he proposes to amend it, he will find
that he has done exactly the contrary of what he
intends. It is a question of language.
Mr. GREEN. I ask for the reading of it again.
