528
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19.
day before. The attendance was moderate, and the reso-
lutions and speeches were of the usual violent kind, with
the exception erf" one resolution, which was calm, deliber-
ate, and full of truth, and was to the cffcct that the Aboli-
tionists find in the New York Herald a safe and zealous
medium for the transmission, throughout the South, of the
utterances of the great chiefs of abolition, and for being such
a medium, the convention returns thanks to James Gordon
Bennett."
Mr. POTTLE. I do not know that I was un-
derstood. I meant simply to say, that I desired
those gentlemen in New York to know that they
are under obligation for advertising beyond the
limits of the ifew York Herald.
Mr. LEAKE X did not understand what the
gentleman meant by advertising beyond the limits
of the New York Herald. I presume, now, that
he means that wo are encouraging this very thing.
Mr. POTTLE. That is it.
Mr. LEAKE. I will add to the obligation of the
gentleman from New York by now sending this
appeal and petition, to which I before alluded, to
the reporters' desk, and ask that it be incorporated
into what I have said. [The appeal and petition
will be found inserted above.]
Mr. POTTLE. That is no obligation conferred
upon me. I do not at all participate in the senti-
ments of that paper. I stated that those gentle-
men in New York were under obligation to other
persons than the New York Herald, for a circu-
lation of their sentiments.
Mr. LEAKE. It is asked why it is that we
circulate and give currency to that sort of docu-
ment? I will tell you why. Of course we are not
afraid of any sort of influences brought upon the
South adverse to the institution of slavery. Hut
I tell gentlemen upon that side of the House, that
I send to my constituents such information as I
think best, in order that my constituents may know
the issue which you of the North have made. 1
want them to comprehend the principles which
govern gentlemen upon that side. I want them to
comprehend that this irrepressible conflict means
what Senator Seward said it meant, in an extract
from a speech made in the Senate, which was read
this morning by the gentleman from Arkansas,
[Mr. Hindman.] That is my motive, and that is
all my motive. 1 am willingto publish and send
into my State such matter; but I say at the same
time, that if men, from different motives, and from
a different section, should utter such sentiments
in Virginia, I am afraid, as my friend from Ar-
kansas said this morning;, the crop of hemp would
not be sufficient to answer the purpose for which
it ought now to be applied. Such is my purpose
in haying this matter printed and circulated.
Mr. CtXRTIS. Now that this matter of per-
sonal explanation has been disposed of, I wish to
reply to the argument of the gentlemim from North
Carolina [Mr. Branch} on the subject of the pre-
vious question. He will recollect that the point
I made was, that the previous question could not
be debated. That is the point 1 wish to make;
and further, that gentlemen cannot interpose a
question of order for the purpose of debating it.
He will see why this previous question was in-
troduced. Its very object was to put an end to
debate.
The Manual says, page 05:
" It is proper that every parliamentary assembly should
have certain forms of questions, *o adapted as to enable
them fitly to dispose of every proposition which can be made
tothvmS''
And among these " forms,"thisprevious ques-
tion is presented. Then it is also said, on the
same page:
%i 1. When a proposition is moved which it is useless oi
Inexpedient now to express or du-cus*, the previous ques-
tion Itaw been introduced."
I think I have read enough to satisfy the gen-
tleman that his question is not debatable. I rose
■ upon the premises that a resolution had been of-
fered by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Hutcii-
ins;] that the previous question had been called;
and therefore that no debate is in order; and I read
this clause to show that debate is out of order.
The exception that i make to the further clause
read by the gentleman is, that if the question is
not disposed of ultimately upon the previous ques-
tion, then, as he says, it may come up some other
day. Now, I call his attention to another page
of the Manual. The first point I make is, that
the previous question is not debatable. Now, as
to its result. On page 101 of the Manual, I find
this:
" Sec. 34. The Previous Question.—When any question
is -before the House, any member may move a previous
question, < Whether that question (called the main ques-
tion) shall now be put?' If it pass in the affirmative, then
the mam question is to be put immediately; and no man
may speak anything further to it, either to add or alter "
And further:
a The previous question being moved and seconded, the
question from the Chair shall be, < Shall the mam question
be now put?' and if the nays prevail, the mam question
shall not then be put."
It goes on further to say that, if the "yeas"
prevail, the question is," Whether the main ques-
tion shall now be put?" Now, it seems to me
that, as the gentleman from Ohio has submitted a
resolution, as he has called the previous question,
and as the previous question is not debatable, no
mail can avoid the effect of the previous question
by raising a question of order and debating the
point of order. It not being debatable, the House
must go to a vote upon the main question.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I wish to state
wherein the gentleman from North Carolina mis-
represented the law.
Mr. CURTIS. One word more, and I will yield
the floor. I again state what I have fully estab-
lished, and what I think concludes the question;
and that is, that the main question is not debat-
able, since the previous question has been fairly
put by the member from Ohio, because this priv-
ileged question is now before the House, and must
be put and first decided.
Mr. BRANCH. I apprehended clearly the point
made by the gentleman from Iowa—that the pre-
vious question having been called, debate was no
longer 111 order; and he read a paragraph from the
Manual to prove the correctness of that point. I
have read a paragraph, in order to show to the
gentleman that if he relied on that portion of the
Manual, then, simultaneously with the suppres-
sion of debate, comes the suppression of the mo-
tion itself; and while it cuts off debate it also cuts
off the motion, and it goes over to the next day.
It was, I imagine, through inadvertence that the
gentleman from Iowa referred to the rule on page
U5. It i.s under the rule on page 101 that we are
now acting.
Mr. CUItTIS. The point I made was that it
is not debatable, and I read the clause for the
proof of that particular point,
Mr. BRANCH. Yes; and I prove, by read-
ing the paiagraph itself, that the instant yoti cut
oil'debate, that instant you suppress the question
and carry it over to the next day. But page 101
brings in a new and different previous question,
and it is that under winch we are now acting. I
will read it:
"When any question is before the House, any member
may move a previous question, ' Whether that question
(railed the mam question) shall now be put >' It' it pass in
the alfirniative, then the maul question Is to he put immedi-
ately. ami no man may speak any fuithei to it, either to add
or alter "
The gentleman from Iowa will perceive that
before that previous question cuts off debate, it
must have passed in the affirmative by a vote of
(he House. But what is the condition of the ques-
tion now before the House ? The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Hutchins] offered a resolution for the
plurality rule. The reception of that resolution
was objected to; and that resolution is not now,
and lias not been at any time, before the House.
Consequently there is nothing 011 which the pre-
vious question can be called, because the previous
question can only be called on a questiou pending
before the House.
Mr. CURTIS. One word here.
Mr. BRANCH. Excuse mo. You break the
continuity of my ideas. I have referred to the
terms of the Manual 011 page 101, just now read.
" If it pass in the affirmative," is the language of
the Manual. Before debate can be cut off, the
previous question must have passed 111 the affirm-
ative by a vote of the House. I now yield to the '
gentleman from Iowa. |
Mr. CURTIS. The only point I wish to make i
here, is that a simple objection is of no effect under j
parliamentary law. We have such a provision j
under the rules of the House, but 1 do not admit j
that that is parliamentary law, under which we j
are now acting. Therefore, I claim that the ques- !
tion is fairly before the House. ,
Mr. BRANCH. The rule on which the gen- 1
tlcman relies is an obsolete rule. It has been i
superseded by the rule 011 page 101, and that rule
does not suppress discussion until the previous
question is passed in the affirmative by a vote of
the House. The previous question has not only
not passed in the affirmative, but the proposition
011 which it is called is not even before the House.
So that the previous question cannot properly be
called upon it, much less passed in the affirmative.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I agree with
the gentleman from North Carolina that it is un-
important to consider what is contained on page
95 of the Manual. But I desire to call his atten-
tion, and that of the Clerk and of the House, to
what he has read already from page 101:
" When any question i-i hp.foie the House, any member
may move a previous question, ' Whether that question
(called the main question) shall now be put?' If it pass in
the affirmative, then the main question la to be put imme-
diately, and no man may speak anything further to it, either
to add or alter."
On page 102, the Manual reads:
"This kind of question is understood by Mr. Hatsell to
have been introduced in 1604. (2 Hats., 80.) Sir Henry
Vane introduced it. (2 Grey, 113,114; 3 Grey, 384.) When
the question was put in this form,' Shall the main ques-
tion be put." a determination in the negative suppressed
the mam question (luring the session; but since the words
' now put1 are used, they exclude it for the present only:
formerly, indeed, only till the present debate was over,
(4 Gi ey, 43,) but now for that day and no longer. (2 Grey,
113,114.)"
So that it seems that when the previous ques-
tion is demanded and sustained by a majority of
the House, the main question must be now put
without debate. If the majority of the House
declare by its vote that the main question shall
not be now put, it is suppressed, not for the ses-
sion, but for the time being. It goes over, and
the question passes from the House.
Now, what 1 desire to call the attention of the
House to is this: that when the main question has
been ordered—whether under the rules of the
House or under parliamentary law—no further
debate is in order, either 011 the main question, or
any collateral question, or any question of order.
The majority has, in that case, the power to sup-
press debate, and close the mouths of the minority,
as in this case, under the general law, their mouths
are closed. But, sir, you will perceive further,
that if debate be closed by ordering the main
question, either under the rules of the House or
under the parliamentary law, it is also closcd
whenever a demand is made for the previous
question, up to the time of the decision of that
question, because the demand for the previous
question would amount to nothing whatever, if
gentlemen could go on debating the question in-
definitely. The demand for the previous question
would amount to nothing whatever, inasmuch as
every question before the House would be open
to unbounded and indefinite discussions; conse-
quently the construction has always been observed
in this House, following the parliamentary law,
that whenever a demand for the previous question
is made, there can be no debate until the question
be taken; and that all debate, whether on the prin-
cipal or on collateral questions, is cut off until
that time. It is, therefore, clear that the position
of the gentleman from Iowa is sound, and cannot
be disturbed.
Mr. BOCOCK. Mr. Clerk 
Mr. CURTIS. I ask for the decision of this
question in some way by the House.
Mr. BOCOCK. If the gentleman makes that
point, then I submit the point which the gentle-
man from Texas [Mr. Reagan] made a short
time ago, that a point of order cannot be raised
upon a point of order. The gentleman under-
stands that. The Clerk will hear in mind that
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Hutchins] sub-
mitted a proposition containing what is called the
plurality rule, and 011 that he called the previous
question. 1 myself, or somebody else, raised a
question of order on that, that the motion could
not be made in that stage of the business. That
point of order has been submitted to the House;
the House has been asked to try that point of or-
der. Now the gentleman from Iowa comes for-
ward and raises another point of order upon that
point of order. And if he does that, then I raise
a point of order on his point of order; and point
of order can be piled on point of order until they
rise as high as Pelion upon Ossa.
Mr. BINGHAM. Will the gentleman allow
me a moment >
Mr. BOCOCK. Certainly.
Mr. BINGHAM. When I asked a vote of the
House this morning upon the proposition of my
colleague, it was not my purpose to do anything
