I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
fOT
36tii Cong .... 1st Sess.
Invasion of States—Mr. Hunter.
Senate.
protection, then 1 say as honest and honorable
men they ought to propose a separation; for is it
fair, is it honest, to take everything in the com-
pact which benefits them, and to refuse the stipu-
lations which were made on their part for our
benefit, on the ground that their conscicncc pre-
vents them from carrying them out? "Would not
the honest course, on the contrary, be to come
forward and say, " our fathers have made a hard
bargain for us", one which we find we cannot keep
consistently with conscience; wc cannot for con-
science' sake return your fugitive slave as this in-
strument requires; wc cannot for conscience' sake
aid in repressing domestic insurrections when the
slaves arise to assert their freedom; and that being
the case, we feel that it is neither proper nor hon-
orable that we should exact from you the condi-
tions which are beneficial to us; and we therefore
propose a separation." Sir, my word for it, if
the proposition were to come from the northern
States based on such ground, there would be no
resistance in the South, and I do not know but
in a possible separation there might be some sys-
tem of a confederacy of confederacies which would
secure some, but not all, of the blessings that
would follow this Union administered properly,
according to the spirit of justice and the Constitu-
tion. It would probably separate into some three
or four smaller unions, and these perhaps might
be united by some looser bond, closerthan the Eu-
ropean system, but not operating, as the present
Constitution does, upon the individual, but oper-
ating upon the several unions in the nature of a
treaty—a treaty which might sccure to each of
them the united strength of all in repelling foreign
invasion, and might secure, -perhaps, Jo all of
them some of the present advantages of trade and
intercourse, opening up to them the means of
developing their own systems in peace and safety.
Butwhv, I ask, force us to this alternative > If
I am ru°,lu in the view I have taken of the great
industrial interests of the different sections: if in
truth they ought to be, if this Government were
properly administered,subsidiary instead ofbeing
rival and hostile; if our institutions be, as I have
shown, founded in necessity and can be vindicated
upon any view of law, moral or divine; or if that
be a matter exclusively for our own consideration,
and under our system of Confederation, and has
bepn made so by the Constitution; I say if all this
be so, why keep up this war, why continue this
agitation ?
It is said by some of those of the anti-slavery
party who arc the least extreme in their views,
• 44 we admit the propriety of much that you say
in regard to the institution m the States; we ac-
knowledge that we have no right to interfere with
it there, and we do not claim the power to do so;
but you insist upon extending tins institution of
slavery and carrying it into the Territories of the
Union; it is there that we resist you; it is there
that wc arc determined not to permit you to exer-
cise any such right as that which you claim under
the Constitution." But, Mr. President, do wc
claim anything in this regard which is not our
right under the Constitution ? If we do make the
claim, has it not been asMjrted to be our constitu-
tional right by the Congress that repealed the Mis-
souri restriction, by the President who signed the
bill, by the Supreme Court who decided the fa-
mous Dred Scott case' And if it be our consti-
tutional right, by what authority, moral or polit-
ical, can you prevent our thus extending the
social system of the siaveholding States?
But, sir, 1 am willing for the present to lay aside
the constitutional view, and 1 desire to discuss
it as a mere question of propriety. "What interest
have you in preventing us from extending the so-
cial system of the siaveholding States into the
vacant territory of the Union ? Is it not demon-
strable that to do so, would ineiease your relative
share of political power, your relative share of the
voting power of this Government, and, not only
that, but will it not increase your relative capac-
ity to accumulate and to acquire wealth? Sup-
pose the S&uth, instead of having tins mixed pop-
ulation of whites and negroes, was peopled entirely
with the white race, would New England luueas
great a relative share of political power then as
she has now? We should be represented then m
exact proportion to our population. Now, we are
represented only according to a part of it. Sup-
pose the South, again, were filled entirely with
whites, would New England enjoy her markets as
undisturbed by rivals as she now does? If the
South were peopled only by whites, is it not ob-
vious that rivals, would grow up as fast as cus-
tomers; that wc, too, would engage in manufac-
tures, in commerce, and in navigation; and thus
those States would not have near the share of the
profits arising from this valuable custom that they
now enjoy; and, if that be true in regard to the
old southern States, is it not true in regard to any
extension hereafter to be made? If we should
extend, by increasing the siaveholding States, is
it not manifest that the relative share of political
power of New England would be greater for that
extension than if the Union were increased by
adding free States; and is it not just as plain that
her relative capacity to accumulate wealth would
be greater when our territory was settled in a mode
which gave her customers without a rival, than if
that settlement were made entirely by a free pop-
ulation.
Upon what calculation, then, is it that you can
say that it diminishes your power to extend the
social system of the siaveholding States, and that
it increases your power to extend the number of
free States? 1 ask upon what supposition can you
make that declaration, except upon the belief that
there is a natural and eternal hostility between the
free and the slave States. If that be true; if there
be a natural and irrepressible hostility between the
free and the slave States, it is not only an argu-
ment with the North against the further extension
of the siaveholding States, but it is an argument
against the present Union. If there be this irre-
pressible and natural hostility between the free and
the slave States, there ought to be no Union be-
tween them; for this Union can only promote the
happiness of the people when they entertain fra-
ternal feelings towards each other; it can only suc-
ceed when it is founded on the affection of the
people; but if it is to be a source of eternal strife,
it becomes worse than an ill-assorted marriage,
and the sooner the parties separate the better. But,
is there, in truth, any such natural hostility; is
there, in truth, any such innate antagonism be-
tween the social systems of the two sections'5 In
order to answer this question, I propose,for a brief
space, to analyze and compare the two systems of
society, and see whether, m truth, they may not
be made subsidiary instead of being antagonists of
each other.
Sir, in the free-labor system of social organiza-
tion, the family is the unit—the family, composed
of parent and children. In the siaveholding sys-
tem of organization, the household is the unit—
the household being composed of the family and
of the slaves, who arc united to the head of that
family by the obligations of ownership, and the
yet gentler ties of constant intercourse and familiar
association. In the free States, these families are
divided into two classes—the capitalists and the
laboring class. The laboring class sells its ser-
vices for a limited period to the capitalist class for
the means of subsistence. That bargain is hard
or easy, in proportion as the supply of labor is
greater or less, in propoition to the demand for it
on the pert of capital; and in periods of scarcity
and of commercial pressure, the bargain on the part
of the laboivr is often hard indued—it giving him
frequently not enough for comfortable subsist-
ence, and sometimes starving him outaltogether.
In the southern system of society, no such diffi-
culty can occur. There the laborer is sure of shel-
ter, of raiment, and of food; for, it the profits of
the master do not enable him to give lum these,
the master must use his capital; and if neither his
profits nor his capital will allow him to do it, tlnm
he must transfer him to some one else, who isable
to provide him with these comforts; and thus/m
any event, the laborer is assured of the physical
comforts and necessaries of life.
But under the free system of society, there are
more ways than one by which the laboring class
seeks to obtain the price of its services; for it seeks
to obtain them sometimes, not merely by volun-
tary contract, but if it have a share m the Gov-
ernment it carries this contest into the halls of
lcgislati on ond seeks to settle it, sometimes through
the forms of legislation, or worse still, by phys-
ical force and the sword. Whenever the profits
of production come to be distributed between labor
and capital, either through the forms of legislation
or through the sword, the Government declines
and industry decays. These consequences are
so much dreaded, that with statesmen it has al-
ways been an object of anxious care so to consti-
tute their governments, with check and balances,'
as to prevent these contests between labor and
capital from disturbing the course of legislation;
and so much afraid have they been of them, that
in few Governments of the world has the laborer
been permitted to have a share of political power..
In the British Government, where the laooring
class have some small share of political power,
the danger of such contests has been a constant
subject of anxiety. When the laboring popu-
lation increases faster than capital accumulates,
fearful scenes of suffering often ensue, and these
arc only to be prevented by affording new outlets
in which they may colonize the surplus popula-
tion, or else by discovering and opening up new
fields of industry; and to do this, has been the
object of the constant care and forethought of the
British statesman for the last three centuries. To
accomplish it, he has become the great robber of
the world, robbing by sea and by land, to obtain
the means to feed his poor; and notwithstanding
all these effo'rts, it has often occurred that he has
had to use the bayonet and the ball to prevent a
bloody settlement of the contest between the man
who owned and the man who worked the British
loom. *
But, Mr. President, in our system of society
there is no such danger. The contest between
capital and labor is compromised and settled in the
constitution of the household. It docs not enter
into the Government. The master who wields
the power of government is interested both in
labor and capital, and it is to his inteicstto do jus-
tice to both. Accordingly, whatever influence he
may possess in the Government, as I said before,
is exercised impartially in settling these contests
between labor and capital.
It is in this country alone that we have found
the first attempt to unite a system of free labor
with sclf-governmentand universal suffrage, such
as prevails in the North; an experiment which I
acknowledge has so far succeeded; an experiment
which I hope is destined to an ultimate and a great
succcss. I wish it success; but I must say that
it is an experiment as yet, for it has not been ex-
posed to the severe trials and difficulties it must
encounter when population begins to press on the
means of subsistence. So £^r, we have had a con-
stant outlet for the surplus population in the rich
and magnificent vacant territory which we pos-
sessed. It is only to be really and severely tested
and tried when numbers increase so rapidly as to
press upon the means of subsistence. I hope that
by that time the intelligence and the virtue of ^e >
people may so increase, and that the improvements
of the productive power of man may be so great,
as to enable them to meet and surmount the diffi-
culty; but I must say that whether they will do
it or not, is entirely uncertain and remains a doubt
and a problem, for if they have succeeded so far
they have not only had the advantage of never
having been exposed to this difficulty and this
trial, but they have been associated m their gen-
eral government with this other scheme of society;
and 1 believe that the influence of this last has
been eminently conservative, and has assisted the
succcss of their experiment so far. 1 believe, too,
that nothing conJd more help the future success
of their experiment than the continual association
with a scheme of society thus founded,and whose
influences must be thus just, and thus impartial,
in settling whatever contests and difficulties may
arise between capital and labor.
Mr. President, to show that I am indulging in
no fancy sketch, that I am getting up no fictitious
alarms, allow me to refer to an;event in history
which, although not very distant, seems to have
passed away from the recollection of many of us;
I mean Shay's Rebellion. Let us see what it was
that prompted it, and by what motives they were
governed who carried it on:
111 It i*«, indeed, a fact,' said General Knox, a New Eng-
land man, alter icturnlng iioni a visit to the eastern eoun-
tiy,' thwt high taxx-s arc the ostensible euu1-'.'of the commo-
tion, but that they are the real eath-e, i- n* far remote from
muli a.-i lijjht i.- from daikne>s. The people who are the
insurgents have never paid any, oi but veiy little, taxes.
H«1 the\ see the weakness oi Government; they feel at onco
