1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
for providing necessary tcois therefor, per fifth article treaty
9tli June, 1853, §500.
For second of twenty installments for the emplovmentof
one superintendent of farming and two farmers, two black-
sjpiiths, one tinner, one gunsmith, one carpenter, and one
wagon and plow-maker, per fifth aiticle treaty 9th June,
1855, §6,400.
For second of twenty installments for keeping in repair
saw and flouring mills, and for furnishing the necessary
tools and fixtures, per fifth article treaty 9th June, 1855,
$500.
For second of twenty installments for keeping in repair
the hospital, and providing the necessary medicines and fix-
tures therefor, per fifth article treaty 9th June, 1855, $-300.
For second of twenty installments for the payofaphysi-
cian, per fifth aiticle treaty 9th Juno, 1855, §1,000.
For second of twenty instiHments for keeping in repair
the buildings required for the various employes, per fifth
article treaty 9th June, 1855, §300.
• For second of twenty installments for the salary of such
person as the said confederated tribes and bands of Indians
may select to be their head chief, per fifth article treaty 9tli
June, 1855, $500. *
A'ez Perc& Indians.— For second of five installments for
bcneficial objects, at the discretion of the President, per
fourth article treaty Utli June, 18oo, ,"§10,000.
For second of twenty installments for the support of two
schools, one of which to be an agricultural and industrial
school, keeping in repair school buildings, and for provid-
ing suitable furniture, books,and stationery,pel fifth aiticle
treaty 13th June, 1855,§500.
For second of twenty installments for the employment of
one superintendent of teaching and two teachers, per fifth
article treaty 11th June, 1855, $2,200.
For second of twenty installments for keeping in repair
blacksmiths', tinsmith's, gunsmith's, carpenter's and wagon
and plow-maker's shops, and for providing necessary tools
therefor, per fifth aiticle treaty 11th June, 1855, §500.
For second of twenty installments for the employment of
one superintendent of fannin*?, and two farmer.-, two mill-
ers, two blacksmiths, one tinner, one gunsmith, one car-
penter, and one wagon and plow-maker, per fifth article
treat} 11th June, 1855, §6,400.
For second of twenty installments for keeping m repair
saw and flouiing mills, and for furnishing the necessary
tools and fixtures therefor, per fifth article treaty 11th June,
1855, $500.
For second of twenty installments for keeping in repair
the hospital and providing the necessary medicines and
furniture therefor, per fifth aiticle treaty 11th June, 1855,
§300.
For sccond of twenty installments for pay of a physician,
per fifth article treaty, 11th June, 1855, $1,000.
For second of twenty installments foi keeping in repair
the buildings required for the various employes, and for pro-
viding the necessary furnituie therefor, per fifth article
treaty 11th June, 1855, §300,
For second of twenty installments for the salary of such
person as the tribe mav srleet to be their head chief, per
fifth article treaty 11th June, 1855, $500.
Flatkeads and other confederated tribes.—For second in-
stallment on $120,000 for beneficial objects, at the discre-
tion of the President, per fourth aiticle treaty 16th June,
1855, $6,000. -
For second of twenty installments for the support of an
agricultural and industrial school, keeping in repair the
buildings, and providing suitable furnituie, books and sta-
tionery, per fifth article treaty 16th June, 1855, $300.
For second of twenty installments for providing suitable
instructors therefor, per fifth aiticle treaty 16th June, 1855,
$1,100.
For second of twenty installments for keeping m repair
blacksmith's, tin, and gunsmith's, carpenter's, and wagon
and plow-makei's shops, and piovidmg ncecssaiv tools
therefor, per fifth article treaty 16th June, 1855, $500.
For second of twenty installments for the employment of
two farmers, two millers, one blacksmith, one tinner, one
gunsmith, one carpentei, and one wagon and plow-maker,
per fifth article treaty lGth June, 1855, $5,400.
For second of twenty installments for keeping in lepair
saw and flouiing mills, and for furnishing the necessary
tools and fixtures therefor, per fifth article treaty 16th June,
1855, $500.
For second of twenty installments for keeping in repair
the hospital, and pioviding the necessary medicines and
furniture theiefor, per fifth aiticle treaty 16th June, 1855,
$300.
For second of twenty installments for pay of a physician,
per fifth article treaty 16th June, 1855, $1,000.
For second of twenty installments for keeping in repair
the buildings required for the vauous employes, per fitth
article treaty 16th June, 1855, $300.
For second of twenty installments for the salary of suc h
person as the confederated bands may select to be their
chief, per fifth article treaty 16th June, 1855, $500.
Confederated tribes and bands in Middle Oregon.—For sec-
ond of five installments of $8,000 for beneficial objects, at
the discretion of the President, per second article treaty
25th June, 1855, $8,000.
"For second of fifteen installments for pay and subsistence
of one farmer, one blacksmith, and one wagon and plow-
maker, per fourth article tieaty 25th of June, 1855, $3,500.
For second of twenty installments* for*pay and ?ubsistcnce
of one physician, one sawyer, one miller, one superintend-
ent of farming operations, and one school-teacher, per
fourth article treaty 25th June, 16o5, $5,000.
For keeping in repair all necessary mill fixtures, purchase
of medicines, mechanics' tools, medicine and hospital
stores, books and stationery for schools, and furniture for
employes, per fourth article treaty 25th June, 1855, $300.
For second of twentv installments for payment of salary
to the head chief of said confederated bands, per fourth ar-
ticle treaty 25th June, 1855, $500.
Mold Indians.—For second of ten installments forkeep-
in0, in lepair saw and flouring mills and for the pay ot ne-
cessary employes, the benefits of which to be shaied alike
by all the confederated bands, per second article treaty -.1st
December, 1855, $1>500,
For second of five installments (in addition to the install-
ments specified in the treaty of Q9th November, 1854, with
the Umpquas and Calapooias of Umpqua valley) for fur-
nishing iron and steel and other materials for the smith and
tin shops provided for in said treaty, and for the pay of the
necessary mechanics, per second article treaty QlstDecem-
ber, 1855, $1,800.
For second of ten installments for the pay of acarpenter
and joiner, to aid in erecting buildings and making furni-
ture for said Indians, and to furnish tools in said service,
per second article treaty 21st December, 3855, $1,000.
For second of five installments for the pay of an addi-
tional farmer, per second article treaty 21st December, 1856,
$600.
Quy-nay-elt and Quil-leh-ute Indians.—For second in-
stallment on $25,000, for beneficial objects, under the direc-
tion of the President, per fourth article treaty 25th January.
1856, $2,000.
For second of twenty installments for the support of an
agricultural and industrial school, and for pay of suitable
instructors, per tenth article treaty 25th January, 1856,
$2,500.
Foi second of twenty installments for support of smith's
and carpenter's shops, and to provide the necessary tools
therefor, per tenth article treaty 1st July, 1855, $2,500.
For second of twenty installments for support of smith's
and carpenter's shops, and to provide the neccssary tools
therefor, per tenth article treaty 21st July, 1855, $5,500.
Foi second of twenty installments for the employment of
a blacksmith, carpenter, and farmer, and a physician who
shall furnish medicines for the sick, per tenth article treaty
1st July, 1855, $3,000.
S'Klallams.—For second installment on $60,000, under
the direction of the President, por fifth article treaty 26th
January, 1855, $5,000.
Foi second of twenty installments for the support of an
agricultural and industrial school, and for pay of suitable
teachers, per eleventh article treaty 26th January, 1855,
$2,500.
For second of twenty installments for the employment of
a blacksmith, carpenter, farmer, and a physician who shall
furnish medicines for the sick, per eleventh aiticle treaty
26th January, 1855, $3,000.
I will say that the amendment is precisely
according to treaty stipulations. It was left out
by the House of Representatives. I will give
thej*eason, and the Senate may determine. Tins
money is due, ciecording to treaty stipulations,in
the next fiscal year; but the House committee left
it out until it could be ascertained whether they
might not dispense with the appropriation now,
and postpone it untjj next winter; but the Interior
Department said it would be required before next
winter; and, as we have to appropriate it, the Pi-
nance Committee see no reason why we should
not appropriate it for the service of the next year
now at the regular time, instead of the next win-
ter in a deficiency bill. The Committee on Finance
accordingly have recommended it now; and it is
strictly according to treaty stipulations.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LATHAM. I offer an amendment which
I submitted yesterday, and which the Senatp then
ordered to be printed, to insert after line nine hun-
dred and twenty-five:
Provided, That m the event the State of California will,
by an act of it< Legislatuie, agree to take charge of and
maintain withm the State the Indians now within her juris-
diction, to the satisfaction of the President, and relieve the
United States frrfm all liability or responsibility connected
with the same for the period ot twenty years, the sum of
$50,000 is hereby appropriated annually ; and the Secretary
ot the Tntenor is authonzed to draw on the United States
Treasury in favor of the State treasurer of Caiifoi ma for that
sum, and to authorize the agents of the State of California
to take possession of the reseivations and Government pi op-
erty theieon: Provided, The propeity of the United States
is to be held only in trust by the State ol California tor the
use of tiie Indians : Pro tided also, The President leseives
the light to take control of s,iid Indians, and terminate the
above appropriations, if the State of Californiadoes not take
care ot and maintain said Indians, or the Governor of Cal-
ifornia docs not annually leport to the Secretary of the In-
terior all matteis relating to their condition.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will in-
quire of the Senator from California if this comes
from a committee ?
Mr. LATHAM. I will state that it was before
the Committee on Indian Affairs, and considered
by them; and I was requested to present it, but
not as the act of the committee. It is not often, Mr.
President, that my Slate appears before this body
preaching economy. This is one of the instances,
and I trust the Senate will encourage this disposi-
tion on the part of its representatives on this floor.
The Indians in California have been a constant
source of trouble; not only to the people of the
State, but to the General Government. I am sorry
to make the confession that the amount expended
by the General Government for the benefit of the
Indians in California, as reported by the Secretary
of the Interior, has not proved of advantage, and
that their condition now is discreditable to the
General Government, as well as to the people of
that State. The main reason for this arises from
the fact that we are so remote from the seat of Gen-
eral Government that when the officers who have
charge and control of the Indians communicate
to the Government here if is three and frequently,
five months (on account of distance and a multi-
plicity of business before the- Department) until
they receive orders or instructions according to
the necessities which may arise. -
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
ask the Senator from California to pause. The
hour of one o'clock having arrived, the Chair calls
up the homestead bill, -which was the unfinished
business of yesterday.
Mr. HUNTER. If the Senators will notagree
tojet us go on with this bill, I must submit my
motion to postpone all prior orders, for the.purpose
of considering the Indian appropriation bill.
Mr. WADE. I hope not.
Mr. LATHAM. I hope the Senator from Ohio,
will at least allow this amendment to be consid-
ered. It will take but a short time.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I hope that, by
general consent, the special order will be postponed
for a few minutes, to allow the Senator from Cal-
ifornia to conclude his remarks.
Mr. LATHAM. I shall occupy but a very few
minutes.
Mr. WADE. Very well; I will consent to alloy
the Senator to go on.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved to post-.
pone the special ordel-, to enable the Senator from
California to conclude his remarks. To this course
the Chair Real's no objection.
Mr. LATHAM. '.The Indians in California,
since 1850, when «he General Government took
the control of them, hSVe cost on an average
$150,0t)0 a year, and that, too, exclusive of what.
it has cost to carry on the Indian wars. In one
instance, the General Government has assumed,
nearly a million dollars of that indebtedness, and
there are still some six hundred thousand dollars or
seven hundred thousand dollars of bonds of„the
State of California outstanding, forwhich the State
expects to be recompensed and repaid by the Gen-
eral Government. One source of these wars arises
from the-fact, as is the ease in all frontier States,
that there are certain parties who want to specu-
late out of the Government, and they get up these
wars for the purpose of bringing large bills against
the General Government.' An investigation which
is now going on in th? Legislature of the State of
California shows a most deplorable state of affairs
in one or two of the counties where there have
been Indian wars, and where they have been gotten
up for the express purpose of speculating out of
the State, anil eventually out of the General Gov-
ernment.
Now, if Congress will give the control of the .
Indians to the State of California, we can manage
them. Whenever the Indians themselves get to
understand, and whenever the people who are en-
gaged in getting up these wars understand, that
the State of California, through its Legislature,
has control of them; that the Legislature can send
its committees directly among the people and find
out whether the wars are justifiable, whether the
Indians are well cared for, you will find that you
will have no more trouble from this prolific cause;
you will have no more of these Indian wars, and
the Indians themselves will be well cared for and
maintained.
The Government has four "reservations there,
and the Secretary of the Interior says only one out
of these four reservations is properly managed.
He also says:
" The other three aro aondncted in a maimer discreditable
to the Geneial Government."
I beg to show the Senate the previous cost of
the Indians in California, as follows:
'-'For holding treaties with Indian tribes, $50,000; for
salary of superintendent of Indian affaire in California,
$33,518 fi8; for piosents and provision? l'or Indians visiting
the superintendent, §1,000; for trawling expenses of thu
superintendent and attendants, §9,500; for clerk to super
intendent, §19,300; for office rent, stationery, fuel, lights,
and postage, for the superintendent's office, §3,500 ; pay of
interpreters, $3-500 : furniture for superintendent's office,
$500; flags for distribution among Indian tribes, ®500; gen-
eral incidental expenses of Indian service ill California,
^§3,850; preservation of peace with Indians in California,
,$100,000 ; subsistence, removal, and protection of Indians
in California, $1,140,650 ; for pay of three Indian agents,
§75,000; pay of three sub-a eiits, ,$27,000; pay of physi-
cians, smiths, carpenters, and agricultural and mechanical
laborers on the reservations in California, $136,800; ana
Indian seiviee, (a general appropriation expended under
the direction of the Secretary of the Interior,) $5O,0OU. i he
grand total of your Indian expenses, in California, up to and
Including this fiscal year, is f1,737,493.68.'
