2496
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31.
« Answer. Yes, sir; and I consider that they did, when
I gotYio more money from Wendell for it. The contract
wasgiven < tiJi further ordered,' and therefore it was discre-
tional.
" By Mr. King :
" Question. You submitted to this, or you supposed they
could take it ail away ?
" Witness. Yes, sir; half a loaf is better than no bread?
" Question. But you were doing nothing for it ?
" Anwjcr. I desired to do it, hut the Postmaster General
thonght Wendell could do it better. I could do its but it
was the same thing as if I did it. There were other par-
ties already doing it.'*
Hon. William Bigler. had interested himself to
procure the printing of the Post Office blanks for
Mr. Rice, and to retain it for him, when efforts
were made by others to get it away, and (pages
49 and 50 of the testimony) Mr.' Bigler testifies:
" So the matter stood for a time ; but a great effort was
made to take this work away from Mr. Rice, on the ground
that there was too much of it frtr one paper. 1 had. been
told at tiie time that twelve or fouiteen thousand dollars
could be made by it; and on looking at the prices in the
law I did not und.erf.tand how much more could be made.
I did not then understand the process of stereotyping, by
which it could be executed at so i-mall a cost. My only
part was to insist on the continuance of Mr. Rice, he hav-
ing been appointed, and 1 thought it unfair to distmb him so
soon. The next distinct recollection I have was, that Mr.
Eiee wa* in danger of being removed, and I advised him
to consent to divide the work into districts. There aie
three districts for which these blanks are provided. I sug-
gested it to the Postmaster Geiicia) 5 but it appeared that it
would involve three distinct systems of distribution, and he
could not do it; he could have but one Piintei. The next
recollection 1 have is, that Mi. Rice thought, if ho was 10-
tained, he could make more money by executing it him-
self. lie made his own statement, but 1 advised him against
it, calling Ins attention to the tact tlnu las continuance
was unceitain, for the Department could take it tiom him,
and Congress could change the law; but he was urgent that
he should have it for a term of jeais, and he insisted that
I should urge that policy. 1 thmk he told rnc that it had
been done before. I mentioned the matter to the Postmas-
ter General, Mr. Brown, who received it untavoiablv, and
who requested me to ask the 1'resident what he thought ot
such a proposition. I did so, and the Piesident said he
thought it improper; he paid Mr. Kiee wa< appointed, and
he thonght the Postma«ter <?eneial should not make any
contiaet about it. Mr. Kice and Mr. Wendell had some
misunderstanding about the execution ot tins work, about
winch ! know nothing, except what passed occasionally
between themselves. Mr. Rice complained on one hand,
and I think Mr. Wendell on one occasion made allusion to
the subject, raying that Mr. Rice was an treasonable man,
and that the Aigu.s was entitled to a portion.
" In th* next place, in August of 1858, when Mr. Rice
made up his mind to part with the paper, I happened to be in
* Philadelphia, and the partieswho were {alking about making
the purchase urged me to go down and see how this print-
ing stood, and vvh.it, they could rely upon if they took the
Stripcf. I eame down, and found it in the name of Mr.
lice, as heretofore, hut going thiough the hands of the Su-
perintendent of Printing; and it was said that the penti-
sylvanian was to be allowed to lenlizc $10,000 out of the
piofits. The Postmaster Gem ini said he did not intend to
disturb the appointment, for it mattered not who executed
the work. The Po-.mia ,tej Ceneial said 1 -hould say to
these parties that, m> mi as depended on his Department, it
the President agreed to it, (!or, it being 111 his State, he
should be consulted about it,) that he should not interfere.
The Picsident said he was not satisfied with the mannei in
winch the lVnn>j Ivaiuan had been conducted, and that he
was glad to find that it wai to change hands; and that all
he had to say to the parties was,that the matter might icst
as it then stood, it agieeable to the Postmaster General
That was in August," 1858. since which time I never ex-
changed a word with the head ot the Department, or any-
body else connected with the Government* about it, till utter
this resolution w;k adopted 1 believe that embodies the
substance of all 1 know. A great mniij of the fact- of the
ca^e will be found in thcotlicial papor*'m the Depattment,
whjHi will, perhaps, be as useful as anything the committee
can obtain.
" By Mr. Kino :
" Question. Do you know what was the amount of*thb
Post Office punting, under the lawof which you have been
speaking ?
il Answer. The total cost ot printing ? «
" Question. What was the total amount of money drawn
from the Tieastiry for this printing i
" Answer. For any specific yeat? No ; f do not. I think
the aggregate coir is about foity thousand dollais a yeai;
but these facts can be ascertained iiom the Depaitment.
" Question. Do you know, from the parties interested,
how this money was disposed of—to whom was paid tins
$40,000 ?
" Answer. T know nothing, except I have heard Mr.
Rice say that he got eight or ten thousand dollars; and that
more was coming to him which he did not get. I do not
know what \va  done with the it?«idue of the money. I
sustained Mr. Rice just as> I do any other applicant for of-
fice. When they tried to put him out, I tried to letam him;
for 1 did not think he had been long enough in to have ob-
tained much consideration from it.
" Question. Were those facts known to Democratic Sen-
ators prior to the election ot Mr. Bowman ?
" Mr. Sudkll. The minutes of the caucus are at the dis-
position of the committee.
"Amwa. There was a geneial understanding of the
whole matter. Judge Black's letter, and the statements of
Mr. Wendell and Mr. Bowman, were belore the caucus,
and most of them have been published.
" By Mr. Kino:
Cl Question. On what occasion was it? Wa* the cau-
cus by which Mr. Bowman was nominated ?
" Answer. Yes, sir.
" By Mr. Slidell:
" Question. At thadhne Mr. Ilicc received the order from
the Post Office "Department to print these blanks, what was
generally suppd"sed the profits would be that he.could de-
rive ?
" Answer. I have stated that I understood it would be
twelve or fourteen thousand dollars, and that that was the
whole that he could make.
" Quedion. If he did it by others ?
" Answer. The man who did the work would have a few
thousand dollars profit. 1 have explained how the profits
weresolaige; but, looking at the law, I did not suppose
that more than a moderate profit could be made.
Question. The fact tjiat these Post Office blanks had
been printed by this new and economical process was not
generally known?
" Answer. i do not know. I knew nothing about it till
this controversy aiose about the Printer."
Joseph B. Baker, collector of the port of Phila-
delphia, (pages 84, 85, 86, and 87 of the testi-
mony,) testifies;
" Jn the beginning of 18581 understood that William Rice
was appointed piinter otthe Po«,t Office blanks by the Post-
master Geneial. 1 knew very little further about it until
the middle of the same or towards the full of the same year,
when Mr. Rice informed me that Wendell had ceascd pay-
ing him the proportion that was due to inm. I then learned
itom him, for the first time, that he had made arrangements
with Mr. Wendell lor executing the woik, allowing a cer-
tain percentage to Wendell tor executing the work. He
said that Mi. Wendell's reason for ceasing to pay was, that
lie was directed to pay the money to another paper, or to
other panics, by the direction of the Administration, and
desired to know of me whether this was the fact. I replied
that 1 did not know, and did not think any dnections of
the kind had been given by the Admimstiation. Lata in
the fall, I heard icports in Philadelphia that Mr. Wendell
had said that he was authonzed or directed to pay the
money that was due to Mr. Rice to other parties. On a visit
to Washington, 1 lnquhed of the AdmmistiiUion whether
this was the fact, and 1 was informed that it *vas riot. My
attention was diawn to a patagraph in a letter of the cor-
lespondent of the New York Tunes, of December 9, lb58;
ami I was icque-ted to ascertain of Mr. Wendell to whom
he paid the money, if he had not given it to Mr. Rice. I
found Mr. Wendell at the Capitol, on Deeembei 10, 1858,
and asked him to accompany me to his punting office, to
give me a statement of how and to whom he had paid the
money iceeived for printing the Post Office blanks. On
my way thither, in the carnage, I asked Mr. Wendell it it
was ttuc that he had told paitico in Philadelphia that he
was directed by the President to pay any money that he
iceeived fiom the punting of the Post Olliee blanks to can-
didate* lor Congiess, or to any other pers'ou or poisons.,
lie said it was utterly lalse. 1 then showed him the paia-
graph in the letter ot the New York Tunes, before alluded
to. 1 lead it to him, and he piououuced it a 'damned
lie.' He went to the office, and he gave me the statement
I desired, which I have here:
u Office of C. Wendell, Washington, D. C.,
December 10, 1858.
The aggregate amount received since January 1,1868_, is
o« Oo.
The assumed profit on which i<  forty-three per cent,..
amounting to ($15,163 26
01 which the Peuns\ tvamau has re-
ceived 98
The Aigus has received  5,400 00
Total paid to Pennsylvania!! and Argus  15,107 28
Leaving for the Union  $57 98
" As the Penn&ylvanian was to have one half of the prof-
its, the Argus and Union the other half, it will be seen that
both the former have oveidrawn their respective shares.
I eertitv, on honoi, that the above is a truthful state-
ment lioui the books m our office.
"JOHN LARCOMBE, Bookkeeper.
u On the evening of the same day, December 10, I called
on the President, and stated what I hnu learned about how
this money had bean paid. He said that he had given no
direction-* whatever to mterfeie with the pajment or the
di veiting ot the money which was. due to Rice as the printer
of the Post ()liiee blanks. 1 then 1 elated the answers winch
Mr. Wendell had given to me about his directions, and also
lead luin the paragraph m the New York Times, of De-
cember 9, and asked whether it would not be pioper for
Mr. Wendell to deny it 111 the Union, over his own signa-
ture. He said I could do as I thought best. I pieparedthe
eaid which appeared in the Washington Union, ot Decem-
ber 11, 1858, signed C. Wendell, between seven and eight
o'clock, went to Mr. Wendell's house and remained there
till after eleven o'clock, when he came in. lie read the
eaid, and '-aid he would «ign it most cheerfully; but the
only objection to it was, that it did notgo far enough; that,
instead ot the President directing him to pay any money, or
give any money to candidates lor Congress, he &aid it was
very foolish and improper to use money in that way. The
President was led to make this remark from a conversation
that happened some two or three mouths previous, when
Mr. Wendell hinted in some way that he intended to assist
the election of members of Congress in Pennsylvania by
contributions ot money. To that the Piesident icplied.
" I called at the Executive mansion, December 11,1858,
and the President remarked *. i 1 see a card is published m
the paper this morning.5 That was the first that he knew
anything about the card.
"Mr. Smdkll called the attention of the witness to a
portion ot Mi. Wendell's testimony, in which he said that
Mr. Baker told hnn that the President desired Mr. Baker to
ask him to sign that card. That portion of Mr. Wendell's
testimony was read to the witness.
" The 'Witness. I did not, and could not hav« mentioned
the President's name at all. I was very particular not to
mention it, because of Mr. Wendell's own conversation
with me that same day, on my way to lus printing office,
on December the 10th. When I submitted the card to Mr.
Wendell, he read it and asked no questions at all, but said
he would sign it most cheerfully.
(* By Mr. M,ii>ell :
" Question. You never, then, said you presented that card
at the request of the President?
"Answer. No, sir; 1 could not have done it. It would
hare been telling a falsehood. In the conversation which
I had with him, the President said, do as you thmk best.
1 recollect it very distinctly. He said that on a suggestion
of mine. lie did not even make the suggestion.
" By Mr. King :
" Question. Did you tell Wendell that you were going to
sec the President?
"Answer. No, sir; but he may have known that J had
seen the President, f see the Piesident every day when I
am here, and he knew, I suppose, that [ had seen him and
had a conversation with him. 1 had a conversation with
him as to these repoits.
« Question. Then Mr. Wendell knew that you had seen
the Picsident?
" Answer. I presume he did.
" Question. Was there any allusion to the President that
evening in the conversation you had with Mr. Wendell ? *
"Answer. No, sir. The conversation must necessarily
have been very brief. lie came home at a quarter after
eleven o'clock. He signed the card and asked me to get it
into the Union. Feaung that it had gone to press, ho
gave me a card in pencil to the foreman. 1 went to the
foreman, and he said at fust that he could not insert it,
that the papei had gone to press; but the press was stopped.
" Question. Then you had not much conversation on
that occa&ion, but he agreed to sign the c*ird very cheer-
fully?
" Answer. There was not much time for conversation.
" Question. Did he knew before that you weie going to
see the President ?
" Answer. No, sir; he no doubt knew that I came from
the President on the morning of the 10th, to ascertain how
he had disbursed the money that was alleged to be due to
Rice. The reports were in enculation that he had directed
the money to be paid otherwise, and 1 was solicitous to
ascertain how it had been paid.
Question. Weie you lequested by the President to as-
certain?
"Answer* I was requested by the President, after I told
him of the reports in circulation in Philadelphia that ho
had given such and such directions.
" Questioii. Did you have conversations with the Presi-
dent at other times on the subject of the distribution ot this
money?
" Answer. Not prior to this.
" Question. Well, afterwards?
i( Answer. Alterwaids 1 had.
" Question. Will you state them ?
Answer. Jn January, 1859, Mr. Rice was quite violent
and indignant about not getting fiom Wendell what he sup-
posed was justly due toliun. This conversation happened
while 1 wa  here, in January, J859. Mr. Bice faid, when
he appointed the printeno print the Post Office blanks,
that he had made an anangement or contract with Mr.
Wendell to do the wotk tor fifty per cent, of the gioss le-
ceipts; and he contended that, under that anangement,
theie was quite a large balance due to him. 1 was very de-
sirous that Mr. Wendell should pay Mr. ltice, as I knew
that he wa« in moneyed difficulties, the amount lie. Wen-
dell, owed Rief?"; and to ascertain that amount, J called
upon Mr. Wendell. Mi. Wendell said that Rice was not
to get fifty pci cent., but forty-three per cent, ot the gross
receipts. Wendell also stated at that time that the money
was appropriated to other purposes, and that he did not
owe him anything; that the Philadelphia Aigus had ic-
eeived a portion ot the lorty-three per cent.
" Question. Did Mr. Wendell tell you at that time by
whom this was appiopriated otherwise than to the publisher
of the Pennsvlvanian ?
" Answer. "He said he had directions from the Adminis-
tration or fiom high official sources; 1 do not recollect his
exact words.
" Question. What did youunderstand by the'Adminis-
tration ?'
"Answer. I understood, the President.
" Question. You spoke of conversing with the President
about this; what was that conversation ?
" Answer. I understood, in the fall of 1858,1 do not know .
from whom or how, that the Daily Argus was to leceive ten
and three fourths per centum from and after the 1st of Au-
gust, 1858, and 1 inquued of the President whether he had
given any directions for a portion of Rice's money, ot what
was due to llice as printer of Po^t Office blanks, to be paid
to the Daily Argus. He said he had given no directions ;
but icport said the net profits from the printing of these
blanks amounted to about twenty thousand dollars per an-
num ; and ifsueh was the ease, he supposed that Mr. Rice
could afford to pay the Argus out of his own profits, or out
of this sum. When Mr. Rice was first appointed punter it
was thought-thenet proceeds would not amount to over ten
or twelve thousand dollais, and when it was asceitaincd
that it amounted to $"20,000, as the Argus was hard up, as
it always is, it was given withoutany directions from him.
It was supposed, undei Mr. Wendell's understanding of it,
that there had been a subdivision of it.
Mr. Baker further testifies (page 89) that it had
been charged in Philadelphia, by Mr. Wendell,
that the President had directed him to use this
money in this way, and that ho (the witness Ba-
ker) felt desirous to clear the President, and made
it his business to do so. The President told h/m,
the witness, that he might have said, m conver-
sation with Colonel Florence and "Wei dell, who
were urging this distribution, that it" the profits
were so large, Mr. Rice, he supposed, would not
