110
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 2,
*36tji Cong....1st Skss.
Property in Territories—Mr. Fitch.
Senate.
It is not often that a people will, in imitation of
the late action of the French, do battle for what
is to them but an idea—however important, how-
ever vital it may be to others. It is the duty of
every citizen to yield all of prejudice and much
of interest to the maintenance of the agreement of
our fathers; to the maintenance of the integrity
of our country; and especially to the maintenance
of a Constitution and a Government which as-
sure to him more of personal liberty and more
of safety of person and property than can be
found under cvny other Government. But, sir,
aside from these considerations, northern Demo-
crats, in defending the Constitution against the
assaults of the Republican party, are defending
what is to them little less than an idea. Magenta
and Solferino, we see, are about to result in com-
parative safeoy of person and liberty of state in
Italy; yet there are those, beneficiaries of these
results, who have complained and will complain
of Napoleon for not having come fully up to their
extravagant standard, at whatever of cost to him-
self and his people. There are those who say of
him that he is " unsound on the question of" Ital-
ian rights. Let me say to the Senator from Geor-
gia, he must leave us to defend the Constitution
as it is written and as it is expounded by the
proper judicial tribunal. He must not seek to
thrust upon us any new banner with strange de-
vices; our people will not follow it. '* Congres-
sional non-intervention" is inscribed upon that
banner which-we have cairied into our political
battle-fields for years past, hi hoc signo vinccs.
44 Congressional non-intervention" has been for
years past our political battle-cry. We can learn
no new slogan! "Congressional non-interven-
tion" is to us the blast from the bugle of Roder-
ick Vich Alpine.
I now turn, sir, to the resolutions immediately
before us—the resolutions of the Senator from
Mississippi, [Mr. Brown.] They affirm, in part,
at least, the sentiments heretofore elaborated by
the Senator from Georgia. They are, first, that
the citizens of the southern States have a consti-
tutional right to go into the Territories with their
property, recognized as such by the Constitution
of tlie United States, and there possess and enjoy
that property. This is the assertion of a right,
in my estimation, undoubted—one I haidlydeem
even respectably debatable—yet it is a right the
entire Republican party deny; a right but half
admitted by certain Democrats; and one which,
while thus but half admitting, such Democrats
would create the means of practically denying
It is a right, we are told—and in such terms and
manner that we cannot question the. sincerity of
the declaration—by every southern Senator and
Representative, that their section will never yield.
Wc are told by some of them, and I think by
the Senator from Georgia among the number, that
the recognition by their section of the Senator
from Illinois with his present tenitorial views, as
their candidate for the Presidency, would be tan-
tamount to a surrender of that right; hence their
opposition to the nomination of that Senator.
Well, sir, northern Democrats thinking with me
arc likewise opposed to his nomination, because
we deem his territorial views sectionally unjust
and unconstitutional. Yet those views are not
adverse to any constitutional right of our section.
They can only be made operative againsttheSouth.
He cannot be nominated without southern votes.
If the South chooses to nominate him, northern
Democrats cannot take any sectional exception
to him, and may well permit lum to carry out
his views to whatever extent he may; for while
we will not surrender any constitutional right of
our own section, we will not oppose the surrender
by it of any such right in the South, especially
when its surrender is to be to the detriment of
its own citizens and to our benefit. If citizens
of the South arc disposed to maintain their con-
stitutional rights, there arc those in the North who
will aid them to the extontof their ability, and for
the reason that, under the Constitution, we would
expect similar aid from the South if our rights
were threatened, and such aid necessary. Such
was the mutual agreement of our fathers; such
the bond. But if they voluntarily surrender their
rights, we of the North will accept the surrender
as unconditional—never to be recalled; and use
the power it bestows upon us as a gift never to
be reclaimed. An army may be defeated m bat-
tle: but if, m its retreat, it preserve its discipline
and retain its munitions of war, it commands the
respect even of its enemies, the sympathy and aid
of its friends, because of its readiness and ability
to renew the struggle, and perhaps to success-
fully prosecute it; but if that army yield without
battle; and especially if it invite and receive as its
commander one who, though under the garb of
friendship, has previously proclaimed his inten-
tion to deprive its members of a portion of their
rights, ana their liberties, itbccomesdisorganized,
surrenders its means of defense without any equiv-
alent, without any consideration, has not the re-
spect of its enemies, and forfeits the sympathy
and aid of its friends. A people may be compelled
to temporary submission, but compulsory sub-
mission is always associated in the estimation of
the world with the idea of the will upon the part
of those thus compelled to submit to throw olF
the yoke upon the first occasion; and with an out-
side sympathy which is promptly manifested in
the form of material aid, when the will becomes
manifested by acts. But if that same people put
the yoke upon their own necks, invite the tyrant
among them, he will not regard their rights, and the
world will not deem them entitled to or worthy of
the rights and liberties tlicy have thus tamely given
away; they can expect no aid, they will obtain
none, in any spasmodic effort they may subse-
quently make for the recovery of those rights.
If the South nominate the Senator alluded to,
[Mr. Douglas,] with his present views, tin; en-
tire North will deem the act an expression of will-
ingness upon their part that his views shall become
the future settled policy of the Government; the
united North will act upon that policy, carry it
out to the full, and no aid must te expected by
the South from any portion of the North in any
effort tlicy may thereafter make to prevent the
progress of that policy to the end. When by
such act it establishes his policy, the South, and
the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,] will
have done more to accomplish the favorite and
avowed scheme of the Republican party than any
effort of that party could have done—the scheme
of surrounding the southern States with free ter-
ritory,and starving out their institution; for under
that policy, organize a Territory where you may,
whether it be m Dakota of the North, or Arizona
of the South, the bold, adventurous, non-slave-
holding frontiersmen of the West, whose move-
ables include no luxuries, whoso necessaries are
readily supplied by the ax and the rifle, will go
into the Teiritory, possess themselves of its Le-
gislature, and exclude southern property, while
the owners of that property are packing up their
household goods and preparing their chattels for
removal.
Another sentiment avowed in the resolutions
of the Senator from Mississippi is, that when in
tile Territory,as contemplated in the first sentence
of the resolution, the citizens of the South have
the right to legislative protection of their prop-
erty. This is the assertion of another undoubted
right; but from whence-is to come the legislative
protective enactment? Here*the Senator from
Mississippi and myself diverge. He and the Sen-
ator from Georgia affirm that Congress possesses
the power to enact this protective legislation, and
that it is the duty of Congress to exercise this
power. They appear clearly to recognize the dis-
tinction between the existence of a power and the
duty of exercising it; but, m this particular case,
affirm both.
I shall not slop now to discuss the question of
the constitutional existence of this power in Con-
gress: for even if it exists, I deny that it is the
duty of Congress, under present circumstances,
to exercise it. Congress may possess many pow-
ers which it would be highly inexpedient and im-
politic to exercise. It possesses the power, so
decided by the Supreme Court, to charter a na-
tional bank; but does not deem the excrcisc of
that power expedient. It possesses the power to
pass a general bankrupt law. It once exercised
that power, but its exercise was promptly con-
demned by the people ♦and by Congress itself,as
inexpedient. Even if it has the power, I cannot
assent that it is the duty of Congress to pass a law
for the special protection of any one species of
property in a Territory. If it protect one species
to-day, by the enactment of what is vaguely and
without any definite idea of its meaning called a
" slave code," to-morrow it may be asked to pro-
tect some other species. The Senator from Ten-
nessee, not nowin his scat, [Mr. Johnson,] might
desiie it to protect a homestead from execution.
It would thus" very soon degenerate into a mere
Territorial Legislature; and that certainly would
be a retrograde movement many steps beyond our
old territorial policy. We have now quite suffi-
cient trouble with the Territories, without de-
scending to the enactmentof their local laws, their
laws regulating property.
But it is said if Congress does not give this pro-
tection, it can nowhere be found. From this opin-
ion I dissent. It can be found in the common law.
It now exists in Kansas under the common law,
without any congressional or other legislative
enactment. If any species of property has pecu-
liarities rendering other than a common-law rem-
edy necessary for its protection, it is the duty of
the local Legislature to grant that remedy. If such
protection was required in this District, it would
be the duty of Congrcss*to grant it. If it is re-
quired in a Territory, it is the duty of the Terri-
torial Legislature to grant it—a duty I am unwill-
ing to believe any Territorial Legislature will seek
to evade. Certainly, there is now no organized
Tcitt*tory adapted to slavery, and where it exists,
or is likely to exist, and where protection is con-
sequently required, and is withheld. I know what
my friend on my right [Mr. Brown] has in his
mind. He would cite to me the late action of the
Nebraska Territorial Legislature as proof to the
contrary. [Mr. Brown assents.] I do not so
deem it, for the reason that no protection was
required there; scarce a single slave exists, or is
likely to exist in that Territory; and hence the
action of its Legislature, in the enactment of a pro-
hibitory slave law, was a mere mockery—a brutum
fulmen—and vetoed as unconstitutional.
Mr. GRIMES. Will the Senator allow me to
correct him? I will state that he is laboring under
a mistake in regard to their being no slaves in the
Territory of Nebraska. There are slaves within
the jurisdiction o f that Territory—not a great num-
ber it is true, but some.
Mr. FITCH. I cannot admit that the Senator
from Iowa has any better knowledge of the con-
dition of property in Nebraska than has the Gov-
ernor of that Territory. He is my authority.
Mr. GRIMES. I know the fact that slaves
exist there, of my own personal knowledge, be-
sides what I know from others.
Mr. FITCH. The Governor of Nebraska says
that the right to hold them there had never been
questioned by any law. That some few were then-;
but scarec none now. That no law had ever been
claimed to exist by virtue of which they were free;
but that some of them had been stolen. To the
last alleged fact, I admit Republican Senators
may be very good witnesses from their personal
knowledge: but of the other matters stated, I deny
the possession of knowledge on their part supe-
rior to that possessed b^ the Governor of the
Territory.
The Senator from Georgia [Mr. Iverson] cre-
ated, it will be recollected, an ideal Territorial
Legislature, and it will be remembered how he
constituted it. It was composed of such men as
Fred Douglas, Seward, IIale,Wilson, etid omne
genus, (I believe I am very nearly quoting the
Senator's language,) and he ridiculed the idea of
such Legislature protecting southern propel ty.
I grant you that if such a Legislature could be
convened inaTerritory—a Legislature composed
of men whose minds were warped as are those of
the individuals he mentioned to a convenient dis-
regard of their constitutional obligation; so far
from protecting southern property,""it would over-
ride every constitutional guarantee for its protec-
tion for the puipose of destroying it. But the
assemblage of such a Legislature m a Territory
would be a very difficult, almost impossible, mat-
ter; in any Territory, at least, where this prop-
erty existed, and, therefore, required protection;
for such an assemblage would require long and
undisturbed incubation by abolitionism before it
could be hatched. It would require the time and
the more perfect organization rarely found outside
of a State, to enable abolitionist to divert the at-
tention of its dupes from those immediate and
