THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
public his designs* So in regard to any individual
who is engaged in the commission of any crime,
public or private, against individuals, against a
State, or against the country; when he is detected,
in order to convict him before the bar of public
opinion, or before any particular jurisdiction, you
must show what he has done; and m order to show
what he has done, you must make public the de-
tails of his crime. It is in that way that we have
assisted in the publication of the Helper book.
But, in the felicitous language of the gentleman
from Mississippi, [Mr. Lamak,] wo have pub-
lished it with our public condemnation of it, and
in order to show our fellow-citizens and constitu-
ents the position of the Republican party, who
have recommended and have circulated or advised
the circulation of that book.
The gentleman asks me my position in regard
to the plurality rule—as to the prevention of any
vote of the House upon any motion necessary to
produce the passage of that resolution. Sir, I
profess to be a man of law and order, hero and
elsewhere. I profess to abide by the laws of my
country; whether in my action in an assembly of
private citizens, or 111 the legislative assembly of
the nation, my resistance to any proposition shall
be only commensurate with the laws of the land.
I make 110 resistance in violation of the Constitu-
tion or laws of the country. Whatever opposi-
tion I make will always be commensurate with
that Constitution and those laws. 1 hope the gen-
tleman is answered.
Mr. COLFAX. Not exactly. I will explain
my interrogatory to the gentleman. The gen-
tleman knows very well that, without violating
any right under the Constitution, some forty or
fifty members may call the yeas and nays upon
questions indefinitely when it has been resolved
that 110 vote shall be taken upon a particular prop-
osition. The gentleman knows that any mem-
ber may move 10 be excused from voting, and call
the yeas and nays upon his motion; another mem-
ber may move to bo excused fiom voting on that
motion, and call the yeas and nays upon being
excused; and so, by a resort to that species of
parliamentary tactics, the calls of the yeas and
nays may be piled on each other, anil thus forty
or iifly men may keep this House unorganized
until the 4th of March 1861, without permitting
the Clerk to put tile question to the 1 louse, '• ay "
or "no." 1 ask the gentleman if he proposes to
resort to that species of resistance r
Mr. GLAHh., of Missouri. 1 answer the gen-
tleman again 111 the same way as 1 did when lie
fust put the question; that 1 will resort to every
expedient authorized by the, laws of the land; and
when I say that, I mean that 1 wilt take ad\ antagc
1 if i' very expedient that I um authorized to do under
parliamentary law, to prevent the foisting upon
1I10 country of a man whom 1 luive said was unlit
lo be Speaker, by any rule except the voice of a
majority of the .American Congress.
Mr. yTEVEN>SON sought the lloor.
All1. COLFAX I respectfully de< line to yield
to the gentleman at present, i have certainly
been very liberal in yielding to gentlemen on the
other side.
Mr. STEVENSON. 1 just want to ask a sin-
gle question.
Air. COLFAX. I am asking questions just
now myself, but will, however, hear what'the
gentleman lias to say.
Mr. fclTEVENSON. 1 understood the gentle-
man from Mississippi [Mr. Lamar] 10 state that
you had circulated that book foi the purpose of
propagating its doctrines, but that southern gen-
tlemen had sent it abroad for tile purpose of con-
demning it. I understood you to say that was a
mistake. Will you be kind enough to tell us 111
what he was mistaken?
Mr. COLFAX. I think the gentle man does
not precisely give the remark of the gentleman
from Mississippi. He stated that we had recom-
mended it for general adoption.
Mr. STEVENSON. Well, Mr. Clerk, 1 then
ask the gentleman to say whether, in the preface
of that book, there is not a statement by William
H. Seward 
Mr. COLFAX. Tlnu is not m V name.
Mr. STEVENSON. That he'lias read that
book, approved of its doctrines, and recommends
its circulation, and whether he is not your candi-
date for the Presidency.' [Oh!" "Oh!" and
laughter from the Republicans.]
Mr. COLFAX. This side of the House seems
rather to smile at the last question of the gentle-
man from Kentucky. As to who will be the can-
didate nominated by the Republican party, and
as to whom I prefer, will be a matter to be determ-
ined hereafter; whether it be William H. Sew-
ard or some one else.
Mr. STEVENSON. I then ask the gentleman
from Indiana the question: whether, after having
indorsed and recommended the Helper book, if
Mr. Seward should be nominated for the Presi-
dency by the Chicago convention, he will not re-
ceive the support of the Republican party ?
Mr. COLFAX. Unquestionably he will.
Mr. STEVENSON. Then, you become an
indorser of that Helper book.
Mr. COLFAX. I will respond more fully lo the
gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. LAMAR. I ask the gentleman to allow
me to make this explanation. I desire to except,
in tiie statement which I made, those gentlemen
who have disclaimed the doctrines of that book-,
and I am very happy to accept the disclaimer
made by the gentleman from Indiana, when he
informed me that I was mistaken.
[ Mr. COLFAX. The gentleman from Missis-
; sippi alludes to a private conversation,
! Mr. LAMAR. No, sir; I allude to the public
' avowal which you made just now.
) Mr. COLFAX. I will say to the gentleman
thai I have no objection to his stating what I have
i said to him in apiivate jocose conversation, if he
{ chooses.
I Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, sought the floor.
I Mr. COLFAX. I will not yield the floor to any
J one at present. I stated to the gentleman from
' Mississippi that ho laboied under a mistake in
| the .strong language he used in regard to the rec-
ommendation of that book by the Republican
members; but I desire to state to him here, that,
if he understood my remark as a public disclaimer,
at the present time, of the doctrines of that book,
he is mistaken. I have nothing to say now on that
subject, one way or the. other.
j Mr. LAMAR. Then I must withdraw my
; exculpation of you. [Laughter.]
| Mr. COLFAX. 1 will take this occasion to
■ say that the ground taken by this side of the
'■ House has been, that nothing is in order until a
; Speaker has been elected and placedin that chair.
; When that election has taken place, I may give
j my \ iews, or I may not, as I shall see fit, in regard
I to that bouk, and e\< ry sentiment it contains. I
I will say, for the present, that I have not read one
solitary page of that hook up to this hour.
Mr. BAIUCSDALE sought the floor.
Mr. COLFAX. The gentleman must excuse
me for the present. I will yield the floor to him,
i but not now. Let me add, Mr. Clerk, this fact:
j that 1 am ni the habit of acknowledging my re-
! sponsibihty for all my acts, but not to gentlemen
| upon the other side of the House.
Air. DARKSDALE. I want to s<iy to th< gen-
tleman from Indiana 
[Shouts of " Order !"'j
Mr. COLFAX. I yield to the gentleman from
Mississippi.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I understand the gentle-
man from Indiana to state that the only question
; before the House—that the only business before
1 the House is the election of a Speaker, and that
: no resolution is in order. Now, I desire to ask
| him if, in the Thirty-Fourth Congress, lie did not
j vote for a resolution having direct reference to the
■ qualifications of a Speaker?
1 Air. COLFAX. I will answer that it is rather
unkind of the gentleman from Mississippi to make
that interpolation in my remarks before I had fm-
! ished the < xplanntion I was making. I will say,
however, that the resolution to which the gen-
tleman refers was received by common consent.
Now, let that pass.
I I was going on to say, that I am in the habit of
i acknowledging my accountability, not to gentle-
j men upon the other side of the House, but to my
! constituents. I am accountable to them for what
I sentiments I express here and elsewhere. I have
heard gentlemen vise upon the other side, and,
after denouncing the treason of John Brown, de-
clare that if the people of the United States, under
the Constitution, should elect this or that citizen
to the Presidency, eligible though he might be by
the Constitution, they would resist his inaugura-
tion by forcc; that they will not wait for any overt"
act, butthatatonce they will prevent the consum-
mation of the people's election. I do not ask them
to be responsible to me for the expression of such
sentiments, nor will I use offensive language
against that declaration which grates so strangely
upon the ear when uttered upon the floor of the
American Congress. I am accountable, I say to
the gentleman from Mississippi, to my constitu-
ents, and not to him, or anybody else; and I am
not afraid to meet that constituency; to appear at
that tribunal where I have so often met them be-
fore. If they receive my explanations, it must
. satisfy the gentlemen on the other side, who are in
no wise responsible for my presence in this House,
and who have no power to prevent me occupying
a seat here as the Representative of those who
have honored me with this trust. I yield gentle-
men on the opposite side of the House the same
rights that I claim and insist on having for my-
self. In a subsequent stage of the session, when
the House is organized, if Sir.Sherman or myself
rises to speak, and to express our dissent from
any portion of the Helper book, let me Assure
gentlemen it will not be done upon compulsion and
* demand, but voluntarily, and becausc we deem it
fit to do so.
Let me go back now to the point from which
I started. I know, sir, what will be the effect of
these developments upon the country when, for
the first time, it finds that members of the Amer-
ican Congress have not been willing to confine
themselves to the ordinary and legitimate mode
of deciding a question by sitting in their seats
and voting or debating it; but, in the extremity of
their position, have thought it necessary to draw
up a written agreement and to procure written
signatures to it for the prevention of the majority
of the House expressing its voice on a matter of
vital concern.
Mr. NOELL. I wish to say, sir, that I have
not signed any such paper.
Mr. KEITT. I wish simply to call the atten-
tion of the House to one fact. I mean to say
nothing on the resolution referred to. The merit
of this whole question is, if I understand it, that
a resort is to be had to parliamentary means to
prevent the action of a majority on the plurality
resolution. It is said to be strange and extraor-
dinary; in fact, unprecedented. I wish to refer
gentlemen to another occasion, when a resolution
to expel John Gluincy Adams was introduced into
this House, and would have passed by a consti-
tutional majority, and when Mr. Adams took the
floor and spoke for six or seven days, and said
that lie never would yield it for a vote on the res-
olution, though he would for a motion to lay the
resolution upon the table.
Mr. COLFAX. I thank thegentleman for re-
minding me of that fact in the history of the "old
man eloquent." He was then simply vindicating
the constitutional light of lus district to be repre-
sented upon this floor.
Mr. KEITT. And so arc we the rights of our
people.
Mr COLFAX. Nobody is trying to expel the
gentleman from South Carolina. I want the coun-
try to understand our positions here. "We are
willing to vote without debate on every proposi-
tion now pending, or which may be pending, or
which may be presented; to vote ay or no, so that
the majority of the Representatives of the several
States shall say what shall be the action of this
embryo body. AVe are willing to vote on the
point of order of the gentleman from Virginia,
that the resolution is not before the House. If it
be decided that it in, very well; if it be dccided
that it is not, we will submit, as it is the practice
of the North to submit, even when elections do
not result in accordance with their wishes. We
will not imitate the example of any gentleman,
and say that if the elections result in our favor
we will submit; but if not, that we will then dis-
rupt every tie which binds this Union together.
We arc willing to return to the subject, to vote
whether the plurality rule is or is not constitu-
tional. AVe arc willing to vote whether it is or
is not before the House, and then to vote on its
adoption or rejection; and when adopted, if it is
adopted, we arc willing to hazard the result; for
how often have you said that there was a major-
ity here opposed to this side?
Mr. Clerk, let me state a fact why we stand
here so persistently. It is because, when the peo-
ple assembled in their respective districts to elect
