112
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 2,
^36tii Cong. .. .1st Sess.
Property in Territories—Mr,, Fitch.
Senate.
if the ConsUtution recognizes the right of property of the
master in a slave* and makes no distinction between that de-
scription of property and other property oivved by a citizen,
no tribunal, acting under the authority of the United States,
■whether it be legislative, executive, or judicial, has a Tight to
draw such a distinction, or deny to it the benefit of the pro-
visions and guarantees which have been providedfor the pro-
tection of private property against the encroachments of the
Government."
I need not, I presume, proceed with these quo-
tations. The decision denies the power of Con-
gress to exclude from a Territory, by direct or
indirect action, any specics of property recognized
by the Constitution as such. It denies to a Ter-
ritorial Legislature any power which Congress
docs not possess; affirms that such Legislature
derives its entire power from the Constitution
through Congress.
It is sought to break the force of this decision,
and to arouse opposition to it, by comparing it
with a prior decision of the same tribunal—a de-
cision that Congress has the power to charter a
national bank. Mr. President, there is no parallel
between these decisions; no comparison can be
instituted between them. They can only be con-
trasted. The decision relative to a bank merely
affirmed the power in Congress to charter such an
institution; but it gave no intimation of any obli-
gation of duty on the part of Congress to exercise
that power. Hence its exercise was, and is yet,
a mere question of expediency. But, in this de-
cision, tiie Supreme Court denies the constitu-
tional existence of a certain power claimed cither
for Congress or a Territory; and the denial of the
existence of the power, of course, precludes the
possibility of the question of the expediency of its
exercise arising.
After this decision, it appears very strange that
any one whose opinion is entitled to any weight
—any one seeking to establish a reputation as a
statesman or constitutional expounder,or having
any such reputation to lose—should be willing to
assert that any legislation by Congress or a Ter-
ritorial Legislature, within the limits inhibited by
the court, can have any more force than blank
paper. And why is such opinion dogmatically
asserted r and especially why is it sought to make
of such opinion apolitical issue, thereby encourag-
ing those who may be disposed so to do for.some
sectional or selfish puipose, to disregard the con-
stitutional authorities and perhaps excite strife?
If that element of mischief, which the events of
the last low years have shown exists in our midst,
ascertains that a Temtorul Legislature will be
sustained by prominent politicians or by a politi-
cal party in any act at war with the Constitution
and the courts, it will not be slow to obtain pos-
session of some Territory through, perhaps, the
aid of another emigrant aid association, and array
the authorities of that Territory against the Gen-
eral Government, renewing, it may be with added
horror, the scenes of strife nnd bloodshed which
have so disgraced Kansas. In any aspect of (ho
case, the promulgation of an opinion by promi-
nent politicians, or by any political party, or by
any respectable number of citizens, calculated, if
not designed, either to create or to encourage op-
position to the decisions of the highest judicial
tribunal, especially when such decisions deny the
existence of a power it is sought to have used,
can only be productive of unmitigated mischief.
It will cieatc civil strife for the purpose of en-
forcing or resisting individual constructions of
Government rights. It will encourage John Brown-
ism on a large scale.
The opinion I have expressed on the subject of
territorial power is furthermore 111 perfect har-
mony with the opinion 011 the same subject de-
clared in the Cincinnati platform. I am aware
that the platform has been alluded to, and even
quoted in support of the opposite opinion; but, in
my judgment, no fair use of it, no fair quotation
from it, can sustain that opinion; and for proof of
this I will cite the platform ltrelf. The subject of :
power over the question of slavery in the Terri-
tories is embraced in the platform in two para-
graphs. I will read them. One is:
"The American Democracy recognize and adopt the
principles contained m the 01 game law  e3tabiishing the
Territout^ of Kansas and Nebiaska, d>5 embodying the onl\
sound and safe solution ot' the t slavery question' upon
which the great national idea of the people of this whole
country can repose m its detenmned conseivatism of the
Union: Non-interference bv Congress with slavery in Rtate
and Territory, or in the District of Columbia.'*
This affirms the Democratic doctrine of con-
gressional non-intervention with slavery in the
Territories; but it does not pretend to define the
extent or limit of the power of a Territorial Le-
gislature over the same subject. We must look
for that definition elsewhere. We have found it
clearly laid down in the Dred Scott decision; we
shall find it in another paragraph of this platform;
but before reading that paragraph, let us turn to
the Kansas bill, to which the quotation just read
refers. Here we find the subject of the power
over this question in the Territories embraced
mostly in three paragraphs. One (part of section
thirty-two of the bill) is in this language:
" It beins: the true intent and meaning of this act not to
legislate slavery into any Territory or State, nor to exclude
it thoiefpoui 1 but to leave tile people thereof perfectly free
to form -and regulate their domestic institutions in their
own \vay>snUject only to the Constitution of the United
States." V*
This is a declaration of principle for which
every Democrat, North, South, East, and West,
of whatever State, has been contending for years
past. It is a declaration of the principle of " pop-
ular sovereignty" as against congressional sover-
eignty, or the"Wilmot proviso." It is a dec-
laration of the right of the people to form and
regulate their own institutions, as against the
right of Congress to dictate what those institutions
shall be; but docs not protend to say when or how
that right shall be exercised. We look elsewhere
for a statement of the time and manner. We
have found it in the Dred Scott decision; we shall
find it in another sentence of the Kansas bill; we
shall find it in another paragraph of the platform;
but before reading that paragraph, let us turn to
another provision of the Kansas hill on the subject
of the power over this question in the Territories.
The twenty-fourth section of the act declares:
" That the legislative power of the Territory shall extend
to all rightful Vubjectsot legislation consistent with the
Confitituuouot'the United States and the provisions of thi 
net."
This says the people of a Territory shall ex-
ercise power over all 4£ rightful subjects of legis-
lation,'' under the Constitution, but it does not
proceed to say what those rightful subjects arc,
or what subjects will be consistent with the Con-
stitution. And who is to decide wha£ they are ?
There is another paragraph in the same bill de-
claring that the courts shall decide. Then, who,
I lepeat, shall decide—the courts, or a single pol-
itician ? One such appears to have assumed to
decide—appears to hove sought to usurp the pre-
rogative of the courts, by telling the people of a
Territory what powers the Constitution gives
them, whatever the Supreme Court has decided
or may hereafter decide to the contrary notwith-
standing. The effort, I fancy, will prove futile;
yet strangely enough it has been made by the same
legislator who framed the Kansas bill and inserted
in it the provision that the courts shall decide this
question. After having made the courts the ar-
biter of the question, why is not the decision re-
spected? There is nothing in the Kansas bill
which I can find by a careful reading, warranting
the assumption that the people of a Territory,
while acting in that capacity alone, can by direct
or indirect action fix permanently the institutions
of the State thereafter to be formed from that Ter-
ritory, or can by direct or indirect action exclude
any species of property recognized by the Con-
stitution . Per contra, we find the language of the
Dred Scott decision—the language 1 shall pres-
ently quote from the Kansas bill and from the
Cincinnati platform—clear,explicit,unequivocal,
as to the time and the manner in which the people
of a Territory can permanently decide the ques-
tion of the existence or non-existence of slavery
within their limits. The provision of the plat-
form to which I have referred but have not yet
read, is a separate resolution, m these words:
"Resolved, That we recognize the n:jht of the people of
all the Territories, including Knnvw and Nebraska, acting
through the legally and lauly-expiesscd will of a majonty
of actual resident.-, and whenever the number oj their inhab-
itants justifies it, to form a constitution, uith or udthovt do
mpstir slavery, and be admitted into the Union upon terms
of perfect equality with the other States."
The provision of the Kansas bill is, (part sec-
tion nineteen.)
44 And when admitted as a State or States, the said Ter-
ritory, or any portion of the same, shall beieecivcd into the
Union,with or without slavery, as their constitution may pre-
scribe at the time of their admission."
When they form a constitution, and not till
then, can they decide this question; for certainly
no intelligent man need be told that, when a par-
ticular time and a particular manner are stated for
the performance of any particular act, 111 a bond,
agreement, or law, any other time and any other
manner are necessarily excluded. With the Kan-
sas bill before him, with the Cincinnati platform
and the Dred Scott decision before him—both of
the latter subsequent to, and more or less connected
with and explanatory of the former—it is diffi-
cult to conceive how any man, whose judgment is
not warped by passion, by prejudice, or by am-
bition, can assert the existence in Congress or a
Territorial Legislature of a pc^er which all three
of these authorities concur in saying exists only-in
a State.
It has been said, I think, by the Senator from
Georgia, that the Democrats of the North claim
that the question of slavery is so exclusively under
the control of the people of a Territory that even
apolitical community ma Territory, independent
of, or prior to, a regularly authorized and organ-
ized territorial government, can take action on the
matter; and that there is nowhere any power to
correct their action, however wrong.
Mr. IVERSON. Will the Senator allow me
to correct him ?
Mr. PITCH. Certainly, if I am wrong.
Mr. 1VERSON. I have not said that generally
of the Democracy of the North. I attributed that
position to that portion of the Democracy led by
the Senator from Illinois, Judge Douglas.
Mr. FITCH. Well, I think the Senator does
JudiTu Douglas injustice. 1 do not understand
th'at to be the opinion of any man of the Demo-
cratic party. What the Senator may mean by a
political community, I may not fully comprehend.
If a self-constituted squatter organization, such
has 110 community rights, and I do not understand
that any Democrat claims that it has, or if so, I
am certa m ly not one of those who make such claim.
It has no rights other than those possessed by the
individual citizens, and any resolve or regulation
it may make can have no other than the force of
mob or lynch law. But, even if a regularly or-
ganised territorial government, acting under per-
sonal or party advice, exceeds its power, 111 this
orany other matter, we all hold, or certainly a ma-
jority, that tin.4 courts, 011 apjxml, can correct its
action. We further understand, that it is the duty
of Congress to see that the courts have adequate
power, and that their decisions are respected. Or
Congress can apply a remedy in its own hands;
a remedy suggested by the Senator from Illinois
as applicable to Utah, but a remedy wholly in-
consistent with and fatal to that Senator's doctrine
of a sovereign right of legislation in a Territory—
that is, Congress can repeal the organic territorial
act, attach the Territory to some contiguous State,
and extend over it the laws of that State.
In the c$cnt of the exercise of this power—and
the existence of the power I think cannot be ques-
tioned—what becomes of the doctrines of inaliena-
ble rights, and of the sovereign power of legislation
inaTerritory ? For example, if Kansas had passed
a prohibitory slavery act, and Congress for any
cause had subsequently repealed the organic act
of that Territory, and extended over it the laws
of Missouri, which would have been paramount:
which would have been operative in the Terri-
tory—the territorial slavery prohibition act, or the
slave laws of Missouri? The latter, of course;
though to answer is almost to question the intelli-
gence of any to whom the interrogatory might be
put.
But, sir, these questions of the precise extent
and character of the power of a Terntoral Legis-
lature, and of the source, character, and applica-
tion of any remedy for maintaining the lights of
one section of the Confederacy in a Territory, are
questions relative to which Democrats may well
agree to disagree without any feeling; for they
arc judicial, not legislative questions. As a judi-
cial question, the former one has been adjudicated.
It is a res adjudicata. The contrary is now held
by the Republicans, and by certain Democrats;
but I venture the assertion that it will not be held
probably by either—certainly not by the latter—
beyond the duration of the political occasion which
called it into existence. Our people, I am con-
fident, are too loyal to Government, certainly they
