I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
113-
36tii Cojto....1st Sess.
The President's Message—Mr. Lamar.
Ho. of Rebs. .v
are too conscious that their only safeguards—the
only safeguards of their personal liberty and of
their property—are furnished by the Constitution,
the laws, ana the courts, to long aid in breaking
down those safeguards where they protect others,
lest their own rights should be assailed through
the breach.
Hence, I regret these questions are here, and
their discussion thus forced, because it can only
disclose differences in our own ranks, where all
should be unity and harmony against a common
enemy. Before dividing relative to the precise
rights and remedies of one scction of the Confed-
eracy in the Territories, will it not be wiser in us
to ascertain if we can unitedly prevent the legis-
lative and executive departments of the Govern-
ment from passing into the hands of aparty which
denies that section any right or any remedy what-
ever in the Territories ? Representatives of that
party here, after having aided to strengthen their
party by direct and positive warfare on the con-
stitutional rights of the southern section of the
Confederacy, evinced, in the commencement of
this session, m the discussion of the resolutions
of the Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Mason,] no
unwillingness to stay the further progress of the
storm they had raised by professions of conserv-
atism; but they appear to have been soon con-
vinced of the ludicrous inconsistency of such pro-
fessions with their previous sentiments and acts,
and have returned to their old course. Though
even now they disavow any sympathy with Aboli-
tionists or abolitionism, theix disavowal contrasts
s..;mgely with facts: abolitionism is their constitu-
eicy; Abolitionists sent them hero. They con-
demned John Brown 'sacts during that discussion,
but they condemned faintly, doubtless from the
conviction that his acts weie the legitimate fruits
of their anti-slavery teaching. We may not ques-
tion the sincerity of their condemnation; but it is
due td&candor to say, that the cbndemnation was
quite too faint to carry conviction of sincerity,
and especially when they connected the condem-
nation with manifest sympathy for the man.
"While condemning his acts, they praised the man
—would make it believed that he was a martyr—
sought to canonize him, and thereby encourage
others to a repetition of his crimes. They told us
that he was honest, and truthful; yet they knew
he stood convicted, by his own admission and the
testimony of more credible witnesses, of decep-
tion, robbery, and murder. We thus learn their
ideas of truthfulness and honesty.
They told us theirs was a moral and law-abiding
party;"onc governed by a high sense of biblical
morality. Then its members will fit out no more
robber bands for depredations on their fellow-
ckizens. Where, however, arc we to find the
proofs of these law-abiding and moral qualities5
Are they to be found in the money and arms they
admit members of their party furnished for blood-
shed in Kansas and Virginia? Are they to be
found ill the daily exultantannuneiations of their
presses that their partisans have carried off more
or less southern property by means of some under-
ground railroad, in violation of that commandment
which says "Thou shalt not steal," and in vio-
lation of their own oft-repeated declaration of no
wish or intention to interfere with slave property
in the States where it exists? They have told us
—they repeat it on all occasions—that they will
maintain the Constitution. Then there will be
harmony between them and us; but what have
been their maintaining acts heretofore ? Denial
of a constitutional right of citizens of nearly half
the States of the Confederacy! Efforts to bring
into disrepute decisions of the highest constitu-
tional judicial tribunal, even to excite opposition
to its decisions ! Efforts, individual and by State
enactments, to prevent the execution of a consti-
tutional law for the recovery of fugitive property
of the South ! Encouragement of a fanatical ele-
ment, within their own party, an element which
denounces the Constitution as accursed, and as a
league with a certain individual more intimate
with Republican fanatics than with good Chris-
tians ! The reception of officc at the hands of that
element, and too frequently the prostitution of
thatofiicc to the purpose of increasing the power
of that clement!
They told us that they reverenced the Union.
Then it is safe; for it has been hitherto endan-
New Series—No. 8.
gcred mostly by their acts. But how have they
evinced that revcrcncc? We have a right to in-
quire, to look into their acts, and compare them
with thf;ir professions. How have they evinced
it? By the formation of a sectional party based
on the one idea of opposition to an institution
common to fifteen States of the Confederacy! By
efforts to excite hostility against the citizens of
those States because of their institutions! By
sending emissaries into those States to rob their
citizcns or excitc servile insurrection! They told
us likewise of the fraternity offeelmg which sliould
exist between citizens of the respective States.
Some of them profess to cntert^imthis feeling and
to regret its diminution on theupart of some on
this side of the Chamber. How nave they evinced
this fraternal feeling for their fcllow-citizcns of the
South? The world will be very likely to find an
answer in certain rifles and pikes captured in
Virginia.
Mr. President, the fraternity of feeling they
mention was, but a short time since, a reality,
entertained and evinced by citizens of both sec-
tions. Brown's was not the first band armed in
one section to pass into the other, but the first for
this purpose. It is but a few years since—few, at
least, m the history of a nation—when armed men
in numbers went from Kentucky into Indiana.
They did not, however, go at midnight, and un-
asked. They did not go to rob and murder.
They Went to aid Indianians in defending them-
selves from the tomahawk and the scalping-knife,
and one of Indiana's battle-fields was red with the
best blood of Kentucky. Indiana has not yet
written its ingratitude for these services 111 the
form of enactments to prevent Kentuckians from
lecovering their property when found within its
State limits. It has not yet made itself 0 receiver
of stolon goods—a receiver of property stolon from
Kentucky or other southern States. Indiana has
not yet done these things, because its State govern-
ment has not yet been in the hands of the Repub-
lican party.
But Ictus look a little further North. Michigan
has had its hour of trial. It has had its battle-
field—the Raisin. That field, too,was bathed with
Kentucky blood, but shed in defense of Michi-
gan's sou. Michigan has written its gratitude for
this service upon its statute-book in the form of
enactments declaring it a crime for any of its
officers to even passively aid in the execution of
the fugitive slave law, and declaring that you, sir,
[Mr. Clay, in the chair,] or any other citizen of
any southern State who may, in transitu, pass
within its b.n dors with a household servant, com-
mits thereby a criminal act, and shall be arrested
and incarcerated as a criminal. Michigan is a
Republican State! We see in these acts Repub-
lican gratitude for services rendered by the South;
Republican fraternity of feeling for their southern
fWlow-ckizens! Republicans love their fellow-
citizens of the South; but it is the love of the
cannibal for his fellow-man.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I propose to say
some things to the Senate; but I prefer not to say
anything this afternoon, as we are within about
ten minutes of the time assigned for a special order
in executive session. I move, therefore, that the
further consideration of this subject be postponed
until Monday next.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I ask the Senator to yield to
me for a moment?
Mr. HALE. I yield, without giving up my
right to the floor. I propose to address the Senate
on Monday.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Certainly. I noticed that
some portion of the speech of the gentleman from
Indiana was addressed to me as a supposed candi-
date before the Charleston convention. I have no
reply to make to his assault upon that subject.
Much indulgence is due to the fcelingsof that gen-
tleman; I can even sympathize with him. It
docs occur to me, however, that a speech aimed
against a man whom lie supposes may be a can-
didate before the convention, might as well have
been made in his own State,andin his own county,
before the Democracy there instructed their dele-
gates upon that subject. I choose to lea^e.«this
matter between the gentleman and the people of
Indiana. The people of Indiana have done mc
: justice, to my own satisfaction, atleast, according
; to my own view; and I rather think the people of
| the whole country know my opinions on these
| questions pretty well. I therefore shall enterinto'
j no controversy with that gentlemen on this occa-
| sion. I may have occasion hereafter to allude to
some points he has presented; and if I shall deem
it necessary to do so, I shall address myself to the
Senate; but I shall not occupy their attention in
any controversy now.
Mr. FITCH. Whenever the Senator attempts-
to answer the points I have presented, he will find
me ready to meet him. He taunts me with the
action of the late Democratic State convention of
Indiana in such manner and tone as clearly to
convince us of his expectation of deriving some
personal benefit from that action. What benefit?
It will add more 01* less to the votes the Senator
will receive at Charleston, but increases in no de-
gree the probability of his nomination. His nom-
ination, by a national convention in which every
State is represented, governed by the rules and
usages which have heretofore governed such as-
semblages, the Senator must know is so near an
impossibility as to be extremely improbable.
Well, then, what benefit to himself from the ac-
tion of the Indiana convention ? He must not
flatter himself it will add twenty-six to any other
votes he may suppose to be so exclusively under
his control as to enable him to transfer, to sell
them to some other candidate for the nomination,
on the condition precedent that such candidate, if
elected, shall permit the Senator to control the
Administration, and thereby reward his friends.
1 make this allusion simply in response to his.
If, as he suggests, points had been made against
him, a canvass conducted against him in Indiana,
the result, perhaps, in some counties, might have
been a little different; but, unlike the Senator, 1,
for one, am not in the habit of obtruding my
political opinions upon all occasions, whether op-
portune or not. I am not in the habit of creating
occasions for a display of opinions, but confine my
discussion of political matters to appropriate oc-
casions, places, and assemblages.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have only to say, sir, that
I have too much respect for the Democracy of In-
diana to think that they can be sold or transferred.
I think they have shown that they are incapable
of either.
Mr. FITCH. I thank the Senator, in the name
of the Democracy of Indiana, for the compliment.
I-Ie will find it deserved; and find, when he makes
the attempt, that he is mistaken in his estimate of
the temper of the Democracy of Indiana, and of
the integrity of its delegates, if he flatters himself
that he can use them for the accomplishment of
any scheme of his, looking beyond his own nomi-
nation.  
THE PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
SPEECH OF HON. L. Q. C. LAMAR,
Oi' MISSISSIPPI,
In the House op Representatives,
February 21, 1860.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and having under consideiatiun the
President's annual message-
Mr. LAMAR said:
Mr. Chairman, I obtained the floor several days
ago for the purpose of replying to some arguments
advanced ill a very ingenious and well-considered
speech from tiiegentleman from Connecticut, [Mr.
Ferry.] I desire to begin my remarks to-day by
a quotation from the philosopher and poet, Cole-
ridge, which I will thank the Clerk to read for me.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"An American commander, who had deserved and re-
ceived the highest honors which his giateful country,
through her assembled representatives, could bestow upon
him, once said to me, with a sigh, 'In an evil hour for
my country did the Fieuch and Spaniards abandon Lou-
isiana to the United States. We wore not sufficiently a
country befoie; and should we ever be mad enough to
drive the English from Canada and her other North Amer-
ican Piovinccsj we shall &>oon cease to be a countiv at all.
Without tocal attachment, without national honor? we
shall resemble a &warm of insects that settle on the fruits
of the earth to corrupt and consume them, rather than men
who love and cleave to the land of their forefathers. Alter
a shapeless anarchy and a .series of civil wais, we shall at
last be formed into many countries, unless the vices en-
gendered in the pi ©cess should demand farther punishment,
and we should previously fall beneath the despotism of
