114
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 21,
36th Cong....1st Sess.
The President's Message—Mr. Lamar.
Ho. of Rep^.
some military adventurer, like a Hon, consumed by an in-
ward disease, prostrate and helpless beneath the beak and
talons of a vulture, or yet meaner bird of prey.'"
The distinguished commander there referred to,
Mr. Chairman, was Decatur. No one can read
that declaration without feeling some disposition
to inquire whether we are about to-realize its ful-
fillment. The animosities that exist between the
two sections of the Confederacy, the discord that
reigned for seven long weeks on this floor, are
fearful tokens of a deep-seated disorder in our
political system.
My object to-day is to inquire how far my con-
stituents and the people with whom they are as-
sociated are responsible for the existing condition
of things. Mississippi, sir, has grown up under
this Federal Union. There is not, within her limits,
a proprietor who does not hold his home under a
grant from the Federal Government. Her noble
university, and her cpmmon schools, are all es-
tablished by donations from the public domain,
which she has received, in common with all the
new States. It is true, that in the special and ap-
preciable advantages of Federal legislation—such
as discriminations in favor of industrial pursuits,
and commercial enterprise, and the returns of tax-
ation, in the form of Government expenditures—
she receives far less than an average share. She
has no ships to participate in the monopoly grant-
ed to American vessels of the coasting trade, and
the benefit of tonnage duties in their favor 111 the
foreign trade. Her population have no fishing or
other bounties from the national Treasury; and
the tariff on imports docs not operate to protect
the productions of her industry. She has no army
of contractors or Federal officers; nor are there
any public buildings of imperial magnificence
constructed by the Government within her limits.
But she is prosperous; and the heartof her people
beats truer to the Union than to their own tran-
quillity. Nor will she be driven from her devo-
tion, except by causes which she lias not created,
and by consequences for which she is not respons-
ible. Mississippi has never declared herself in
favor of disunion, per sc. She will not make that
declaration until she becomes convinced that her
sister States north are deliberately determined to
endanger her internal and social institutions, or
to impair her dignity and equality as a confeder-
ate State.
Now, sir, I should not be candid if I did not
say that there are many, perhaps a majority, in
my State who do not speak with the same reserve
and caution as t am doin<* on this occasion. The
obvious and unmistakable tokens of design in
the long-continued and crafty agitation of this sla-
very question, have produced alienation and dis-
trust. It is a unanimous sentiment in the South
that the existence of this Republican organization
isastandingmenaceto herpeaee and security; and
a standing insult to her character. More especially
have the recent events in Virginia, the discordant
proceedings of this House, and the angry discus-
sion on the Helper book, created a tone and tend-
ency in the public feeling which must tell unhap-
pily on the political transactions of our country
for a long series of years.
I was pained, during that discussion, to hear
the distinguished gentleman from Ohio [Mr.Coa-
.win] ask, in a tone of levity which evinced
how lightly he esteemed the temper of our peo-
ple: " Why, gentlemen, can a small book like the
Helper Compend endanger ybur proud institu-
tions?" Sir, a million such Cooks could not, for
an instant, affect the South, but for the conviction
that it represents and embodies the sentiments of
a large mass of the northern people. Yon, gen-
tlemen, who have disclaimed and repudiated its
practical recommendations, do not deny, 1 believe
you all admit, that l\\o, fundamental doctrine of the
book—that slavery is a great moral, social, and
political wrong, to be opposed by the Govern-
ment everywhere and under ail circumstances,
by all constitutional means; its extension to be
prohibited, and the powers of this Government to
be applied to confine it with a view to its extinc-
tion—is the predominant opinion of a large masa
of the northern people; that it infects their litera-
ture, pervade** their jurisprudence, is inculcated
in their theology, controls their local legislation,
and constitutes, this day, the sole creed of a
political party which commands a majority of
States, and overwhelming majorities in States at
the North.
Now, sir, this is a portentous fact; for a moral
sentiment thus diffused among the majority of a
great people will work itself out into practical ac-
tion, and the law—fundamental or statute—which
obstructs its progress to development must yield
before it or be overborne by it.
Sir, institutions and constitutions and laws and
Governments are at last but external structures
whose roots are in the moral and intellectual life
of the people forwhogii they exist; and any revo-
lution in that moral amd mental life must have its
corresponding effeaf upon institutions subject to
its influence.
Now, sir, among a great, earnest,and religious
people, whose moral and religious conviction is
that slavery is "a sin against God and a crime
against humanity," in the language of the gentle-
man from Connecticut, [Mr. Ferry,] I ask what
countenance or support will be given to a Consti-
tution which sanctions that sin,or to institutions
which uphold and establish that crime? Let, sir,
the party which represents this sentimentgetpos-
session of this Government, intrench itself in all
its departments, arm itself with its power; and I
ask if the barriers of the Constitution, the forms
of law, the obligations of humanity, and the sov-
ereignty of the States will not all melt down in its
fiery path? Is it strange, sir, that our people
shoulu think of withdrawing their imperiled'insti-
tutions from the sweep of this fanatical revolution ?
And yet, sir, if a southern gentleman, from a
heart oppressed with gloomy forebodings for his
country, expresses any such sentiment upon this
floor, forthwith these Republican gentlemen—ay,
sir, andgrave Senators—seize upon it, tear it from
its context, misrepresent the spirit which prompted
its utterance, and send it forth grouped with other
expressions similarly garbled, to arouse passion,
inflame prejudice, and madden fanaticism.
Sir, the calamity of tho times is, that the people
of the North do not understand the people of the
South; and it is to tho interest of a certain class
of politiciansto perpetuate the misunderstanding.
The gentleman from Connecticut, sir, in his
speech a few days since, repeated the assertion of
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. ConwiN,] that it
was the policy of the founders of our Republic
to prevent the establishment of slavery in new
communities. In my opinion, a greater error was
never committed upon this floor. My own State
is a standing refutation of the proposition. Sir,
slavery exists this day in Mississippi by the en-
couragment—certainly with the consent—-of this
Federal Government when it was in the hands of
the founders of our Republic. By the act of 1798
the President was authorized to extend over the
Mississippi Territory the same government which
existed northwest of the Ohio, excepting the last
clause of the famous ordinance prohibiting sla-
very; and that was repealed. And upon the
motion of Mr. Thatcher, of Massachusetts, to
protect what he called " the rights of man," the
Wilmot-proviso principle was proposed to be
extended over Mississippi, and received at first
but twelve votes, and upon the last proposition
but one vote. Now, sir, this seems to me to^be a
legislative declaration to exclude the conclusion
that there was any desire upon the part of the
founders of our Republic to prevent the establish-
ment of slavery in new communities. It certainly
displays the considerate caution which then ex-
isted on this subject. It shows that there was no
disposition on the part of tho founders of our Re-
public to interfere with the delicate relation in new
Territories; and it would have been a policy of
peace had this precedent been followed in all sub-
sequent legislation. This act shows that the
United States gave their free and spontaneous con-
sent that slavesmight be carried and held in Mis-
sissippi as property, and that her freemen were,
at the proper tune, to form an independent gov-
ernment, and become a member of the Union on
equal terms with the other parties to the compact.
Now, sir, Mississippi stands here to-day, and finds
slavery, through the action of this Federal Gov-*
eminent, an integral and live element in hersocial
system, interfused with the social relations, the
industrial pursuits, the investments of capital,and
the political forms of her people.
Gentlemen, I ask, have you the right—I do not
mean the constitutional power—have you the
moral right, is it just, is it tolerant, to reverse the
action of this Government and embark it in a ca-
reer of hostility to an institution which the action
of this Government has made the basis upon
whose durability our social and political order is
constituted ? The condition of Mississippi is that
of other new States in the South and Southwest.
The gentleman from Connecticut justifies this
policy of his party, on the ground that our insti-
tution is regarded by the people of the North as
"hateful to God and unjust to man;" that "-it
cannot exist of natural right." But when lie seeks
to give the authority upon which he bases this
dogma, he takes particular pains to lodge it in that
most secret place in all nature, "the instincts of
the human heart" and the dictates of natural
reason.
Mr. FERRY. An enlightened conscience.
^ Mr. LAMAR. Yes, sir; the dictates of an en-
lightened conscience. Sir, he almost repeated the
proposition of the gentleman from Onio, [Mr.
Bingham,] in a debate during the last Congress,
when he said: " I appeal to your immortal spirit,
can you be rightfully reduced to slavery?" The
gentleman from Connecticut, following that line
of argument, asks: "Is there a man upon this
floor who would not rather die than be a bond-
man? who would not rather see his little son dead
in his coffin than see that son sold into slavery r"
Well, sir, I answer the gentleman, (and I pre-
sume it is just as he wishes me to answer,) that I
cannot be rightfully reduced to slavery; nor can
you, sir; nor can the gentleman himself. But, sir,
does it follow that men are right-angled triangles—
that whatever is true of one is predicable of all
men? Will these gentlemen say that that is the
test by which the rightfulness of a civil regulation
is to be determined? If so, I will ask these gen-
tlemen a question: " I appeal to your immortal
spirit," can you rightfully be reduced to a fgjon's
cell? I ask the gentleman, "is there a man upon
this floor who would not rather die than be" a
felon? who "would not rather sec his little son
dead in his coffin" than to see that son torn from
his mother's embrace, and doomed to imprison-
ment for life with hard labor, the associate of con-
victs and criminals?
Mr. FERRY. Does the gentleman wish an an-
swer ?
Mr. LAMAR. Not just now. Sir, they can
give me but one answer, and that is the answer
which I give to their question. And yet there are
hundreds of thousands ^f our fellow-citizens, in
whom the same immortal spirit resides, who are
reduced to that ignominious condition; and these
gentlemen justify the ordinances and statutes
which condemn them to it; not bccause they are
not "created with equal inherent, natural, and in-
alienable rights," but simply because the order
and well-being of society require that they shall
be deprived of that liberty and equality which, in
our hands, is such a priceless, peerless blessing.
But I again "appeal to the gentleman's immortal
spirit." I ask him can he be made subservient
and obedient to another's will—his intellectual and
moral nature subject to the restraint and control
of another's authority? Sir, these gentlemen are
ready to fight for the liberty of private judgment.
And yet all the young men of the country, under
twenty-one years of age, are reduced to that con-
dition, not because their rights are not natural,
inherent, and inalienable, but simply because the
interests of society require that they should be
kept under this personal restraint until they are
fitted for political and social equality.
But, sir, I appeal again " to the gentleman's im-
mortal spirit," and I ask him, can he rightfully be
deprived of all political power, even the right of
voting; every civil privilege, even of suing, in a
Government which acts upon every relation of his
being, which taxes his person and taxes his prop-
erty, and affects, for weal or woe, the destinies of
his posterity? The gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Bingham] has already justified rebellion in Kan-
sas " to maintain the natural right of self-govern-
ment;" and the gentleman from Connecticut [Mr.
Ferry] has asserted that one of the objects of our
Revolution was to establish "universal equality
in political rights." Yet, sir, one half of our adult
population—the better half, who have the same
immortal nature, and a far purer nature than ours-—
