536
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
tion on the part of other members. I trust that I
.shall be permitted to make my remarks without
interruption.
Mr. Clerk, I propose to discuss several propo-
sitions, which I will now state.
1. That the Federal Government is a compact
between the States, not as organized State govern-
mentst but in their highest sovereign capacity as com-
munities of people.
2. That the powers of the various departments
of the Federal Government have been arranged
with special reference to the reserved rights ot
the States and people, and means are thereby pro-
vided for the protection of both.
3. That in case of any attempted .or actual in-
fraction or violation of those rights, the protection
and remedy are to be sought through the means
provided by the Constitution, and not by seces-
sion or nullification.
4. That in case all these remedies are appealed
to and fail, and our grievances shall become so
enormous that revolution and the overthrow of
the Governmentarc preferable to further submis-
sion, then we may resort to the ultima ratio of all
people under every form of government—to over-
throw by force the existing, and establish a new
government to secure our safety and happiness.
5. That it is against the true policy of the South
* to dissolve the Union or secede from it; and that
on the real question that divides parties, the South
always did hold, and will continue to hold, under
this Government, all the power necessary for her
security, protection, and equality.
I have already disclaimed on this floor, for my-
self and my constituents, the extreme views ex-
pressed by some gentlemen who are acting with
the Democratic organization. That disclaimer
was incidental and informal. Many gentlemen
on this side of the House have, since then, with a
zeal and ability worthy of a better cause, pressed
those doctrines upon the country. If no attempt
is made to meet them on the Democratic side, it
might be construed into an admission that they
were part of the Democratic creed. In order that
the country may not be misled, 1 will now, in a
more formal manner, attempt to place before the
House my opinions on these vital questions, and
sustain them with the best reasoning 1 can com-
mand.
Sir, the dogma that each .State, and the peonle
of each State,arc to be the sole and exclusive judge
to determine when the rights of a State or her cit-
izens have boon violated by the Federal Govern-
ment, and that such State is to determine the mode
and measure of redress for such violation, in the
sense for which it is contended here, is, in my opin-
ion, a fatal heresy. It is, in my judgment, founded
on a misapprehension of the true theory of the
national Government, and its adequacy to protect
the rights of the States and the people.
Sir, I maintain the true theory of the Federal
Government to be, that within the seope of its
powers, it is the government of eaeh and every
one of the States, <is fully and completely as each
separate State government within the scope of the
rescrvedipjx)wers is the government of such State.
Each is 'supreme within its own sphere. The
State has no more right to encroach upon the
rights and prerogatives of the Federal Govern-
ment than has tfie Federal Government the right
to encroach upon the rights and prerogatives of
the State government or the people. They are
coordinate departments of the same system—the
one invested by the conjoint sovereignties of all
the States with national powers; the other in-
vested by the separate sovereignty of the partic-
ular State with all other powers of government.
The adoption of the national Constitution by all
of the States, operated to that extent as an amend-
ment or change of each State constitution, by
which certain powers before that time vested m the
State authorities, were transferred to, and vested
in, the national Government. The General Gov-
ernment is no less a State government, for all the
States within its sphere of powers, than is eaeh
State government the government of the particu-
lar State. This proposition is established in two
wavs: First, by the mode of its formation: sec-
ond, by the peculiar features of the Government
itself.
As to the mode of its formation. It was not
framed by the then existing organized State gov-
ernments. The then existing organized State gov-
ernments could only act by their then constituted
authorities—by their Legislatures and by their
Executives. If the States had acted through their
existing organizations in framing the Federal Gov-
ernment, the result could not have been a Gov-
ernment, but a treaty or league. Such treaty or
league, according to the laws of nations, may al-
ways be entered into by independent sovereigns
through their constituted authorities. But then
such league could only affect them as States. It
would not reach the individuals of which the
State is composed. Therefore, this plan of league
was repudiated for most obvious reasons. The
people of each State, acting in their highest sov-
ereign capacity, independent of the State consti-
tutions already existing, and by an authority par-
amount to, and which created such constitutions,
met in convention, by their representatives; not
as a solid mass of the whole people, without ref-
erence to the States, but as the people of the several
States, and framed the Constitution of the Federal
Government. Such was Mr. Jefferson's under-
standing. Mr. Jefferson says, volume 1, page 78:
" Tho fundamental detect of the Confederation was, that
Congress was riot authorised to act immediately ou the
people, and by its own officers. Their power was? only
rcquis>itory, and thc&e lequiMlions were addressed to the
Severn! I,egKlaturc<, to hp by them enrried into execution,
without other coercion than the moral principle of duty."1
Acting in this high sovereign capacity, they
withdrew from the State authorities the exercise
of certain sovereign powers, and vested the same
in the General Government.
So much for the mode of its formation. I come
now to the second ground of proof—that is, the
peculiar features of the Government.
First. This body, which represents all the peo-
ple of a whole Union by a system of equal repre-
sentation^ intended to embody the national sen-
timent as a whole. Here all revenue measures
must originate. Here the. Executive, in any at-
tempt to encroach on the rights of the people as
a nation, is held at arms' length. No ambitious
scheme can be earned out by the Executive with-
out the consent of the people's Representatives
here, who hold the purse strings. In this body,
too, when a contingency happens, (that no can-
didate for President receives a majority of nil the
electoral votes,) musrthe election of that officer
at last be made? And how,sir? Not in our usual
form of deciding by a majority of members, but
by giving fo each State, great and small, an equal
weight. In a country so diversified as ours,
having our Northand South, our East and West,
our various and conflicting interests, it is not piob-
ablc that an intensely sectional President would
ever be elected by this House, when three candi-
dates are brought before it.
Here is a great conservative principle, intended
to protect the States. It was placed there by de-
sign in order to provide against some of the evils
which many of us now so seriously apprehend,
not the least of which is the election of a sectional
President. We come to the Senate, the peculiar
representative of State sovereignty. No law can
be passed without the concurrence of a majority
of all the States represented m the Senate. The
popular branch may pass what laws they please
through their own body. Perhaps the Represent-
atives of live or six large States, if they were iden-
tified in interest, might get a bill through here
destructive of the rights and interests of the other
States; but when it goes over to the Senate, it
meets the representatives of the States, a major-
ity of whom must agree to it before it can become
a law. This body likewise holds a check on the
! Executive. It must not only agree to all revenue
j measures before they can become laws, but, sir,
i no treaty with foreign nations js of any validity
J till ratified by a majority of the States. The great
| public functionaries of the Government appointed
by the Executive must all be confirmed by the
Senate, so conservative in its character.
Next we take the Executive. He represents
a mixed basis of State and popular sovereignty,
and when his election is brought to the House he
represents the people in their capacity of citizens
of the several equal States, each having equal
power in his election. While conservative ele-
ments enter into his election he is at the same time
guarded by coordinate departments of the Gov-
ernment still more conservative. lie is sworn to
support the Constitution and armed with the veto
power. This power is not creative—therefore its
exercise never has a n active operation to bring for-
ward or carry through bad or unjust laws—but is
negative. The power of the veto is to protect
against hasty or unconstitutional legislation.
Last, though not least, we come to the Federal
judiciary. Its constitution is peculiar. The judges
are nominated by the President himself, repre-
senting both people and States through the form
of his election. But still they cannot be judges
until they are confirmed in the Senate by a ma-
jority of the States.
Thus it will be seen that the judges of the Fed-
eral judiciary are, by the mode of their appoint-
ment, placed in an eminently conservative posi-
tion. When once appointed, they are far above
the influence or reach of either the executive or
legislative departments. They hold their offices
for life. They are placed in that independent po-
sition that no motives can exist for bending to
either executive or legislative control. When the
people of the several States, acting in their high-
est sovereign capacity, framed and adopted this
Constitution, entered into this compact, they pro-
vided forth'eir own protection in the peculiarities
with which they invested its various departments.
All voluntarily agreed, in their highest sovereign
capacity, that this Government should perform
certain national functions which, before that time,
these same several communities of sovereign peo-
ple had confided-separately to their several State
governments.
Such being the theory of our Government, the
question arises, when there is a conflict of juris-
diction between the Federal and State govern-
ments, who is to decide tho boundary line of that
jurisdiction? On the one hand itis contended that
each State must determine this question for itself;
on the other hand it is contended that such a con-
struction would render the General Government
utterly powerless to perform its functions. If the
Federal Union is a mere league or treaty between
independent sovereignties, then the former con-
struction would undoubtedly be correct, but, at
the same time, would be precisely such an arrange-
ment as existed under the old Articles of Confed-
eration. Now, I have already stated that the
States, by and through their then existing organ-
izations, did not crcate the Federal Union, but that
the people of the several separate States, in their
sovereign character, framed the Government, and
provided, in the balances of its various depart-
ments, and its conservative State-rights features,
for their own joint and several protection. It re-
mains only to inquire what the people of the sev-
eral States did agree to in this compact. I take
tho ground that they agreed that all questions not
sufficient to justify revolution should be determ-
ined either by the Federal judiciary or by a con-
vention of all the States—such a convention as
framed the Constitution. The second clause of
the sixth article of the Constitution provides as
follows:
" This Constitution, and the huvs of the United States
made in pursuance thereof, and all treaties made, or which
shall be made under the authority of the United States, shall
be the supreme law of the land; and the judges in every
State shall be bound thereby, anything in the constitution
or laws of any State to the contrary notwithstanding."
This is a clear and unequivocal agreement by
the sovereign people of each State, that within
the sphere of its constitutional powers the laws of
the United States are the paramount laws of the
land. Within the range of these powers, then, the
allegiance of each citizen binds him when a con-
flict arises, in any such case as this, to obey the
laws of the General, not the State government;
and in this he owes a solo and exclusive allegiance
to the General Government. There can be and
will be no dispute on this point. Still, it docs not
answer the question. We must go to other sec-
tions of the compact for that answer. The first
clause of the second section of article three, pro-
vides as follows:
" The judicial power shall c\t<*nd to all eases in law or
equity, arising under this Constitution, the laws of the Uni-
ted States, and treaties made, or which shall be made, un-
der their authority," &c. a
Now, it must be remembered that this provision
is part of the voluntary compact, and can no more
be repudiated than any other part of the Consti-
tution. If, then, this provision, giving the Fed-
eral judiciary jurisdiction in all cases arising under
the Constitution or laws of Congress, is, in the
language of article six, the paramount law of the
land, which it was agreed by all parties should
override State constitutions and State laws, how
can the conclusion be avoided, that in all cases
