1556
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
ation law, five dollars. The man that cannot !
raise five dollars to pay for it is unworthy to have
it. Your talking; about exempting it from execu-
tion shows the ignorance of any man who pro-
mulgates such an idea. Nobody but a State can
do that—not the Federal Government. I say,
therefore, Mr. President, give the lands to thy. !
States; and if the States want homestead bills, let j
them pass them. They are better judges of their j
own interests, of the causes of their own pros-
perity,and of the means that will conduce to their
public good, than we are.
If you want to rid yourselves of the subject
of public lands, give them to the States in which
they lie, and I will vote for it; and if Tennes-
see wants homesteads, let Tennessee have home-
steads; ifMinnesota wants homesteads, let Min-
nesota have homesteads; but to talk of this Federal
Government making homesteads, which it has not
the power to do, looks to me very improper. Home-
stead! We cannot exempt it one single minute
after the title has passed out of the United States.
Ifgivingpeople the privilege ofoccupying the lands
five years is a homestead, then the privilege of oc-
cupying them one year is a homestead. I am
willing to extend the preemption law to two years.
That will be the homestead for two years. Your
bill is only a homestead for five years. Yet you
deplete the Treasury; you dam up the channels
that flow into it; you create a necessity for in-
creased taxation; you tax the mass of the people
to benefit the few, who are, perhaps, needy, and
are forced out by the stimulus of a society gotten
up for speculation. There is no doubt of the fact
that some good men will avail themselves of the
benefits of this law. Almost any law has some
little good resulting from it. Under the gradua-
tion la ,v some good resulted; but in the aggregate,
in the majority of the cast's, the fraudulent entries
did more harm than good; and instead of settling
up the States, (for 1 live in one of those States,
and have seen its practical operations,) it has put
the land m the hands of speculators. I knew in
my own countjJ an infamous man whogave money
andhiredindustrious individuals to go on the land,
take an oath, acquire it, get the title, and in six
weeks transfer it to him; and he has more than
twenty-five hundred acres of land, when he ought
not to have a single acre. That he can hold up
for an exorbitant price just as speculators will
under this bill, if it should ever become a law.
It will not inure to the benefit of the man who
occupies the land; it will result to the benefit of
the speculator; and the result will be that large,
immense tracts of land will accumulate m the j
hands of the few, not to be sold until exorbitant
prices are obtained. It i%an injury to the poor;
and as a friend of the poor, and one of them my-
self, I protest against any such bill. It is not a
benefit to the poor. The poor, proud in spirit, .
indomitable in energy, ask no largesses from the ,
Government. The Senator from Tennessee savs !
protect him. It is all he asks: do that, and if I
you need his energies, if you need his sinews, if |
you need his nower to assist in the defense of the |
Government, lie is ready. That is the man I want j
tooccupy our land—he who willpay forhishome, ,
and feel like an independent freeman. How would i
you feel if you occupied a farm given to you? !
Would you not feel humiliated and degraded— <
a mim hke a serf? And so with all men. And j
nobody will go to occupy it, as a general rule, ]
except those who arc hired, sent out for purposes !
of speculation. ;
Again, sir, what are the materials that are to i
be sent out? You cannot go to Richmond and |
hire men to go out there; you might go there and
beat your drum, and hold up your llag for six j
weeks, and not get five men to go. You cannot |
«*o to Charleston and get men to go. You may go 1
through the like process there six weeks, and not \
get five men. But if you go to New York and j
Boston you will get your hundreds and your ;
thousands. Who are they? Men intent on de- 1
stroymg the institutions of the South—men de- j
termined to destroy the rights of the South. Where i
do they go? It is their policy—oa Mr. Thaver 's i
was—to colonize Virginia, Missouri, Tennessee, '
Arkansas, or any other State where they can i
make an inroad.
Now, Mr. President, I want peace in this Gov- ,
ernment, I want harmony inthisGovernment;and-i|
I will never vote in a manner which will give en- jj
CGuragement in any one shape or form to a pro- i|
' cess which may result in the destruction of that
; peace. I say that this is fraught with mischief,
j It will do no good to the North, but it will gratify
; a vitiated taste. It will encourage them to do
. what, in their hearts, they desire to do, but
■ which, in their judgments, they ought to pause
j and not do. There is a community of feeling be-
! tween the North and the South; there is a com-
\ munity of interests between the North and the
j South; and hence there should be no alienation;
j there should be no war of one upon another; yet,
i if this bill should pass, you will find them intent
j on colonizing Virginia, Kentucky, Tennessee,
j Missouri, Arkansas—every State that has any
1 land. They have already attempted it in Vir-
pyia, because Virginia lands are cheap lands.
They have been forfeited, and sold for the taxes
over the mountains.
Let us conic toacommonhoncstunderstanding.
Let us not encourage a spirit which is fraught
with so much danger. There is a ppint beyond
which even the South, humble as we are, conced-
ing as much as we do, will notgo; there may come
some event to make us take a stand. A threat
would be beneath the dignity of a statesman. It
would be out of order in the Senate, and out of
order on the stump. I make no threat; but facts
ought to be understood; truths ought to be con-
sidered; and these are some of the truths and some
of the facts to which we should turn our attention.
You will observe that in the course of my re-
marks I have simply made these points: first, that
this is no homestead, and that Congress can make
no homestead—it belongs to the States alone to
make it; second, that it destroys all hope of build-
ing railroads hereafter by way of alternate-sec-
tion grants, because all the lands will bo gone, and
every friend of the railroad system ought to be
against this bill; third, that it destroys the value
of all the land warrants, and therefore the friends
of the old soldiers ought to be against this bill;
fourth, that it is a change in the policy and char-
acter of the Government—attempting by dona-
tions to give what nothing but honest industry
ought to obtain; and finally, that it is encouraging
th e worst sentiment under the influence of emi-
grant aid societies, which will sap the foundations
of the Government, and in the end destroy it. It
is no light thing to contemplate the consequences
that may result. As for the State that I repre-
sent, I apprehend 110 difficulty. I know there is
a state of public sentiment there too sound to be
influenced by the emigrant aid societies; yet I
desire to avoid the strife and the contention that
will spring up. Why should we encourage slrife,
or any kind of influences that will produce strife,
when we can avoid it? It is not just in itself, be-
cause it can result in no good if you say it will
settle up the lands, I answer that it will not. The
graduation act did not settle up the lands. The
land is not yet settled; but speculators have taken
hold of it, and have large amounts, which they
hold subject to a large price, rather than the Gov-
ernment'price, which has been fixed by Congress;
and so it will be under this law. It will not be a
matter for the benefit of the people; it will be a
matter for the benefit of the speculators.
Mr. President, I have been as brief as I could.
Perhaps, before the. subject is closed, I may take
occasion to make some other remarks. I look oil
this as a serious matter, because it is laying the
foundation of a principle which, if followed up
hereafter, will rum and break down the Govern-
ment. If the rich are to sustain the poor, if the
Government is to divide, out the property every
five years—for this runs only five years—we had
better end the Government at once; we had better
put a magazine of powder under this Capitol, and
blow it up at once, than to live to see the conse-
quences of that agrarian doctrine which will result
and take root from this plant, and grow up until
it overshadows us all. I hold, if there ever was 1
anything .serious in this Government, agrarian m
its character, destructive in its tendency, this is
one of those things; and it is time for us to stop.
It is said that it is popular. What if it is? The
populace has called for heads, and thev were sev- i
ered; posterity deplored the event. The popu- j
lace cried out against Christ, and He was crucified; j
and the world now condemns the actors in the i
deed. Popular' It is the dutv of every politi- i
cum to cultivate an honest public sentiment, not j
to pander to a vitiated one. They say it is pop- i
uUtr. Who made it so? They say that our peo- j
pie are indoctrinated in it. Who indoctrinated
them?
I shall-resist wrong and this agrarian principle
as long as I occupy a place in this Chamber. I
do not recognize the right of this Government to
give away, as a gift, a single dollar to a single
man under any circumstances whatever. We have
a right, for meritorious services, to reward, and
we have a right to fix compensation. We have
a right to give pensions as an encouiagement for
service; but as a mere gift, we have no right to
give away the public lands. They fall into the
hands of speculators. It does not secure a home-
stead to the man who occupies the land, because
the moment the five years expire it is subject to
State law; and even before then it is transferred
by agreement to the speculator or capitalist, who
sets about placing men on the land. In every
aspect, therefore, in which you can view this
measure, it is wrong, radically wrong, and sooner
or later the public judgment will so pronounce.
Mr. MASON. There are some communica-
tions on the table which require an executive ses-
sion, and there is other executive business. I
move, therefore, that we proceed to the consider-
ation of executive business.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The honorable Senator
will allow me to take the floor. I desire to say
a few words on this question. I will give way to
his motion.
Mr. MASON. We can devote some time in
executive session.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I merely wish to get the
floor.
Mr. MASON. Certainly; I yield for that. I
withdraw my motion for the purpose of allowing
the Senator to take the floor.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) The Senator from Wisconsin ia
entitled to the floor.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I yield to the Senator from
Virginia.
Mr. GWIN. I desire to submit an amend-
ment which I intend to move to tfie homestead
bill; and I move that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
GOOD FRIDAY.
Mr. MASON. I move.an executive session.
Mr. PUGH. Before that motion is put, I move
that when the Senate adjourns to-day, it adjourn
to meet on Monday. To-morrow is Good Fri-
day, and a gieat many persons of at least two
denominations of Christians regard it as a day of
importance. I think we have never sat on that
day before.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Saturday has heen set aside
for finishing the business of the District of Co-
lumbia.
Mr. PUGH. Then I amend the motion, so
that we adjourn to meet on Saturday.
Mr. IVERSON. I did not hear the Senator
from Ohio give any reason for his motion, and its
eftect will be to put aside the private bill day,
which is to-morrow. 1 trust the Senate will not
adjourn over until Saturday. Let us go on with
the Private Calendar to-morrow.
Mr. PUGH. We have given diligent attention
to the Private Calendar, and, besides, a great
many private bills have passed in the morning
hour. To-morrow is a day which two denomina-
tions of Christians, at least, regard with peculiar
solemnity, and it is a day on which the Senate has
heretotore adjourned. I think it is proper to do so.
Mr. IVERSON. I doubt very much whether
there are any of those Christians in this body, at
any rate. [Laughter.]
Mr. PUGH. I expect to attend church myself
to-morrow.
Mr. IVERSON. The Senator from Ohio has
said we have paid diligent attention to the Private
Calendar. If we have, very little has been ac-
complished , for I think we have not passed a dozen
bills yet; certainly, I do not think there have been
twenty private bills passed since the commence-
ment of the session. There are now one hundred
and fifty or more bills on the Private Calendar,
and if we lose one day it is an important matter.
The claimants are now waiting, anxious to have
their bills disposed of. I think it is much more
important that the business of these claimants
should be attended to by Congress, than that we
should give attention to the ceremonies of the
