1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL1 GLOBE.
ported from the Committee on Public Expendi-
tures, upon which Mr. Smith of Virginia, was
entitled to the floor.
Mr. COBB. I appeal to the gentleman from
Virginia to allow me four or five minutes.
The SPEAKER Does the gentleman yield ?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I will hear what the
gentleman from Alabama has to say.
Mr. COBB. 1 am satisfied that it will be im-
possible for me to obtain the floor before debate
shall be closed upon this question, and I desire,
briefly, to vindicate my purpose in connection
with this bill. I will, therefore, avail myself of
the opportunity which the gentleman from Vir-
ginia affords me; but I will not trespass for more
than (our or five minutes on the time ofthe House, I
feel a necessity of vindicating my purpose, because
I am satisfied that my colleagues and myself will
part upon this question. Wlu'e they have in their
hearts, no doubt, a disposition to promote the in-
terests of the country, we probably differ as to the
mannerin which those interests maybe promoted.
I am satisfied that we ought to change our policy
in regard to the public printing. I am more
thoroughly satisfied of it, from the fact tlrat X have
observed closely the mannerin which the system
has worked for thirty years.
In my business, at home, of farming, 1 have
often found it necessary, after a barn or crib has
remained in one position for a long time, to break
up that barn or crib, m order to get rid of the old
rats. I believe that, in reference to this public
printing system, old rats have crept into the crib
—the public crib, I might say—and they are so
cute and so cunning,and have such nice holes to
hide in, that, although there is a general clamor
against the whole system, and everybody is op-
posed to it, you cannot reach them. I am for
getting the old rat out of his hole. Iam for break-
ing up the old system and trying a new one. I
shall, therefore, vote for the proposition of the
gentleman from Ohio. I am for turning out the
old rats. [Laughter.]
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The gentleman from
Alabama may know something about that. He
may be an old rat. I certainly know nothing about
it. I do not know of the existence of any old rat
now. I know the present system of public print-
ing, with the improvements of the last session of
Congress, was established in 1852, under that ex-
cellent Administration, as we are told, of Mr. Fill-
more. I believe it was a patriotic Administration
to the country. But, if the system in existence
is a system which has given birth to an " old rat,"
if the present system be defective, it was the re-
sult of defective legislation under that Adminis-
tration.
1 wish it to be distinctly understood, that the
present system, modified by the improvements of
the last Congress, originated under that particu-
lar Administration; but, Mr. Speaker, I have come
to the conclusion that it would be better, infinitely
better, that we should resort to a printing estab-
lishment for the purpose of doing the business of
Congress. I am satisfied that it is subject to
fewer objections. 1 see in the experience of na-
tions older than ourselves, that after every other
scheme has been tried and exploded, they have
been compelled to fall back upon such a system.
1 am willing to recognize the obligation of pre-
cedents, coming to us with such uniformity, with
the unanimous sanction of other nations. I am,
therefore, in favor of this proposition, especially
sustained as it is by the very handsome illustra-
tions and argumentations of the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Gtbrley] yesterday. I am willing to
pay him the compliment of saying that his argu-
ments and illustrations were very compendious
and forcible; and I am willing to sanction a
scheme upon this subject, which has met in the
past the sanction of the experience of other na-
tions.
Now, Mr. Speaker, we have heard a great deal
upon the subject of the printing corruption. Sir,
1 am one of those who desire to extirpate cor-
ruption wherever I find it. 1 believe the honest
policy is the best policy, whether in Government
or in man. But when it is known that the heart
of man is prone to evil, and desperately wicked,
it is necessary that we should interpose all'the
checks and guards that can be interposed, to re-
strain the indulgence of these unhappy propensi-
ties. i say we have heard a great deal upon the
subject of printing corruptions. I confess that,
to my mind, there is undoubtedly some room
for criticism, but that criticism has had a scope
and extent entirely unwarranted by the facts. The
gentleman who opened the debate upon thjs sub-
ject, the chairman of the committee which reported
this bill, yesterday indulged in a very intemper-
ate criticism upon the President of the United
States. I was sorry, from the gravity of the sub-
ject and the character of thegentlemanfrom New
York, that he should have exhibited, in his crit-
icism, so much passion and so much feeling. It
was calculated to detract much from the weight
which his remarks iSight be otherwise entitled to
receive. Sir, I om one of those who can look at
these questions, I trust, in a dispassionate man-
ner; and I must confess that the criticisms of the
gentleman, founded upon the evidence adduced,
are really entitled to the credit of neither fairness
nor justice.
The gentleman says that the profits of this branch
of the public service were appropriated for the
benefit of this man and of that man. Was there
corruption in that? I put the question. The gen-
tleman who followed on the other side of the ques-
tion, in his admirable exposition of this question,
presented all the views upon the subject which it
is necessary to present; but I desire to present one
additional view, to which I ask the consideration
of the House. Was there, upon the part of this
Administration, in connection with tnis subject,
any violation of law ? The gentleman from Ala-
bama [Mr. Clopton] put the question with great
force and power. It has not been answered. The
gentleman from New York eluded nil the interrog-
atories, without approaching to anything like a
direct response. The printing of the Post Office
blanks, to which reference was made, was, in
every respect, in conformity with the law. The
price of that printing was fixed by the actof 1852.
It is said that this work was given outfor the ben-
efit of the friends of the Administration, at tho
prices fixed by law. Was there anything wrong in
that? Was there anything wrong in giving out
this work to these men ? Was it not aji exercise
of a proper social regard on the part of the Ad-
ministration ? Was there any corruption in giv-
ing this printing job to the Pcnnsylvanian? Was
there any corruption in giving the job to the Phil-
adelphia Argus, to the Constitution, or to any other
paper or person ? I put the question. The ques-
tion was asked by the gentleman from Alabama
yesterday, but was not answered; and I now re-
peat it. Was there any corruption m it?
The gentleman alluded to the testimony of Mr.
Wendell. Why, sir, would any gentleman hang a
dog upon such testimony as that? I do not mean
myself to impeach the witness. I am dealing
with the testimony as it has gone before the coun-
try. Ho gave testimony before the committee;
but he did not give evidence as to the facts. He
gave bis inferences only. He so understood it.
He inferred it, and that in the face of a deliberate
note written by Mr. Wendell on a former occa-
sion, as well as I recollect, to repel the very im-
putations which are again sought to be revived
by the gentleman from New York. Now, when
a man testifies deliberately and unqualifiedly in
exculpation of the President when he was his
friend, and when he is his enemy testifies in in-
culpation of or against him, I ask the gentleman,
as a lawyer, if ho be one, and if not, I ask him
as a moral agent, whether, upon such testimony
as that, conflicting, as it does, with itself, he would
undertake to pronounce an opinion against the
highest officer of this Government? I ask this
House if such evidence is to be received as tend-
ing to degrade and demoralize the highest func-
tionary of this Government in the public estima-
tion?
Sir, while I would extirpate corruption where
ever it exists, I would, with no less alacrity, in-
terpose to shield any man against the shafts of
malice and corruption. I would rather see the
President of the United States, if he were the black-
est of the Black Republicans, stand up with the
moral attributes of the representative character,
than to sec him the vile thing that some would
make'him; and when the gentleman from New
York, a former friend ofthe President, stands up
here to pull him down from his hi"h estate, and
to make him an object of scorn and reproach, as
far as his feeble power can go, among the nations
of the earth, I say, sir, that he performs an un-
gracious task, from which, if not his heart, his
patriotism would command him to abstain. When
it comes from a gentleman with whom rumor is
busy, I am amazed. It is strange that it should
come from a gentleman who has yet left unex-
plained what.I have heard, whether it be true er
not, I cannot say. I have heard that be has made
a contract with his friend, at a price higher than
that which was offered by a responsible bidder,
whose bid was lying before him at the time.- I
think, after that, it ill becomes him to scatter his
Parthian arrows among the men whom ho ought
to delight to honor, and not to degrade. I ask tho
gentleman from New York; why he docs, not ex-
plain the allegation, which he has no doubt heard,
and which was referred to upon this floor, that he
has given a contract for the binding to one of his
friends o.r creatures at a higher rate than that
which was proposed by another and equally re-
sponsible bidder. It does not become him, then,
to cast the reproaches to which we have listened.
So much for that.
Mr. Speaker, I come to another point. Is it
wrong—I ask you, sir, I ask this House—is it
wrong, in the discharge of the functions of, his
office, for the President to distribute the offices
and the contracts among his friends in a legal and
proper manner ? If it be wrong, then how stands
the gentleman? In the case of a candidate for
Public Printer of this House, it was stated that
the honorable gentleman was a party to an .ar-
rangement by which that candidate agreed to give
a certain amount of the proceeds of the public
printing for party purposes.
Mr. KILGORE. I hope the gentleman will
yield to me.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The gentleman will
excuse me. I am not implicating him.
Mr. KILGORE. You are indirectly implicat-
ing mc. I have been referred to in this matter.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I am dealing with
another. The gentleman from New York says
that he was not present at that caucus. I am told
that the gentleman was presentat that caucus; but
1 do not know whether he was or not. I know
that he came into this House after the arrange-
ment had been made, and, I understand, with a
full knowledge of the fact, for it was in the mouth
of everybody and was denounced upon this floor,
and he deliberately voted.for a man who said
that, if they would give him the office of Public
Printer, he would distribute a certain percentage
of the proceeds of the office for partisan purposes.
Yet the gentleman coolly stands up here, and,
with a swaggering air, says that it is foul corrup-
tion in the President of the United States to divide
out the offices of Government among his friends.
If that be wrong, then the gentleman from New
York has disregarded a rule which he would ap-
ply to the President. If it be right, then there is
nothing in the charge.
Mr. Speaker, throwing this thing aside in this
connection, believing this whole matter has be«n
greatly magnified, but with a view to do away
with the criticisms and animadversions to which
the subject lias given rise, I have concluded to
try the experiment of a public printing establish-
ment. What are tho objections to it? Let us
consider them calmly and deliberately. My tal-
ented friend from Alabama [Mr. Clopton] said
}hat it would violate one of the fundamental func-
tions of the Democratic party by increasing exec-
utive patronage. That would be a great objection.
I acknowledge that it would be a great objection
if it would exist. But I submit to the intelligence
ofthe gentleman, and with entire confidence, that
that is an objection which cannot be sustained.
We have a certain amount of public printing to
be done. Whether it be done by the Printer of
this House or the Printer of the Senate, or in
a printing establishment of the Government;
whether it be done by one agency or another, it
will not increase theYorce engaged in it. I sub-
mit, sir, that it will not increase the force engaged
in it one single man. It therefore cannot increase
the executive patronage. I think it was an ex-
travagant estimate that it \voutd take some four
or five hundred men to do the printing for Con-
gress. If it takes that number now, it will take
no more under a printing establishment.
Mr. CLOPTON. The gentleman misunder-
stood me.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I do notcare whether
it takes a thousand hands, the argument is the
same. If it.takes that number now, it will take
