1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
not amounting to the necessity of revolution, this
is the arbiter that must decide? It is objected that
this section applies to cases in law or equity; that
State rights may be encroached upon without
making a case. I imagine, when closely exam-
ined, this technical answer will be found to have
no substantial force.
First, there is no system of legislation that
Congress could enter upon out of which cases
cannot be readily made for the Federal courts. If
it is intended to reach an unconstitutional tariff,
a refusal to pay the impost, in some form that
would authorize a suit, would bring up that ques-
tion. All such legislation acts upon individual
rights, and makes cases for the courts. If Congress
should attempt to discriminate in its territorial
legislation between the citizens of the different
Scatos, that, in every instance, will make cases
foi the Federal courts, as in the Dred Scott case
and numbers of cases under the fugitive slave law
which have arisen in the free States. Massachu-
setts, holding that the fugitive slave act, depriv-
ing a slave of the right of a trial by jury in the
place where the master apprehends him, is un-
constitutional, enacts her personal-liberty bills,
under which the master is deprived of his slave,
or the Federal authorities resisted. If the acts of
the State officers amount to crimes, they are in-
dicted and tried in the Federal courts, or the mas-
ter brings a civil action foi damages. On the trial
they justify under State laws, and on the ground
that the fugitive slave law is unconstitutional.
The Federal courts take up the question and
decide it, thereby enforcing obedience on the part
of the citizens of Massachusetts to this paramount
Constitution and law. If, sir, it did not possess
this character of supremacy, I would like to know
from whence you would derive the right to com-
pel obedience. If the question as to the power
of Congress on this subject, or the question as to
when Congress exceeded its constitutional pow-
ers, was left to the government of Massachusetts
to decide, there is but little doubt how it would
be decided. Fortunately for us, the compact into
which Massachusetts entered took from her Le-
gislature, her people, and her judiciary, the decis-
ion of that question, and placed it m the juris-
diction of an independent common umpire, upon
which all agreed, and which, from its organiza-
tion, was intended by the people of the several
States as a barrier against the encroachments
both of the Federal and local governments, upon
the powers and rights of each other.
Should questions of power arise between the
two governments, State and Federal, of such vital
importance, and of such character that the Fed-
eral judiciary could not take hold of them, then, in
order to avoid a revolution, I would say, as Mr.
Jefferson said, that it must be decided by a con-
vention of the States to supply an omission of
the Constitution. Mr. Jefferson, in a letter to
Major Cartright, in June, 1824, uses this lan-
guage:
" With respect to our State and Federal governments, I
do not think their relation* correctly understood by foreign-
ers. Thev geneiallv suppose the former subordinate to the
latter. But this is not the ease. They are eo idinate de-
partments of one simple and integral whole. To the State
governments aie resetved all legislation and administration
in affairs which concern their own citizens only ; and to the
Federal Government is given whatever eoneei us foi eigncrs,
or the citizens ot other States ; those functions alone being
made Federal. The one is the domestic,the oihet the foreign
Innnrh of the same government; neither having control of
the other, but within its own department. There arc one
or two exceptions only to this partition of power. But you
ni iv ask, if the two departments should claim each the
same subject of power, where is the common umpire to
decide ultimately between them? In cases of but little
importance or urgency, the piudence of both parties will
keep them aloof fiom the forbidden giound ; but, if it can
nesthei be avoided noi compromised, a convention of the
States must be called lf> ascribe the doubtful power to that
department which they may think best."
While I am not prepared to say, with Mr. Jef-
ferson, that such a convention would be necessary
in a question between State and Fedeial Govern-
ments, as such, though perhaps it might be, yet
there are two propositions clearly maintained in
this letter with which I agree. First, that the
Federal and State governments are coordinate de-
partments of the same Government, each supreme
within its own sphere; and second, that a conven-
tion of the States would have the power to settle
such a question if the necessity occurred. The
class of cases here referred to by Mr. Jefferson
docs not belong to the same tribe about which we
quarrel so much. We quarrel over those laws
which we say are unconstitutional, as affecting in-
dividual rights in the States or Territories. Those
to which Mr. Jefferson refers are only such as
can arise between the General and State govern-
ments in their character of sovereigns, aud not
operating on individuals. So far as 1 know, Mr.
Jefferson never questioned the power of the Fed-
eral judiciary to decide all constitutional questions
affecting the rights of individuals in the different
States, under the Constitution and laws of the
General Government.
While, sir. I deny the right of the States, or the
people of a particular State, to determine for them-
selves when their rights are violated by the Gen-
eral Government, and to fix upon the measure of
redress, in the sense in which that right is claimed
as a ground of secession, I admit the right in an-
other sense. The States have a right to determ-
ine this question for the purpose of interposing
for their own protection under and within the
forms provided by the Constitution. The people
of a State, or of all or any part of the States, have
a right to determine for themselves the time when
their grievances become so intolerable that revo-
lution and the overthrow of the Government, as
to themselves, is preferable to longer submission.
This is the right of every people, founded in an
overwhelming necessity, and is to be resorted to
when all peaceful, lawful modes of redress fail.
This is not a constitutional right, but an inalien-
able, paramount right, rising above all constitu-
tions, and is to be maintained by force.
Herein lies the error of secessionists. The right
to determine, and the measure of redress which
they claim, is not that which the Constitution tol-
erates or the natural law recognizes. This her-
esy, ifl may be allowed the expression, has grown
up in this country mainly upon an erroneous con-
struction of the celebrated Virginia icsolutions of
1798. I subscribe heartily to the real doctrine
of those resolutions, as construed and understood
at the time. That the excitement which then per-
vaded the country may have given to the resolu-
tions a tone and phraseology more pointed and
violent than they would have assumed under other
circumstances, may well be admitted. Still, like
the great Magna Charta of England, they will for-
ever remain the bulwark of our liberty. Men may
wrest them, like they do the Scriptures, to their
own destruction, but that does not detract from
their value. I propose, briefly, to review those
resolutions, and show the House their real object
and meaning. The third resolution of the series
is that mainly relied on to sustain the doctrine of
secession or nullification. It reads as follows:
"That this assembly doth explicitly and peiemptonly
declare that it ur\v< the powers of the Federal Govern-
ment, as resulting fiom the compact to which the States aie
paities, as limited by the plain sense and intention of the in-
strument constituting that compact; as no furthei valid
than they are authorized by the grants enumerated in that
compact; and that in case of a dehbeiate, palpable, and
dangerous exercise of other powers, not granted by the said
compact, the States who are parties thereto have the right,
and are in duty bound, to interpose foi arresting the progress
of the evil and foi maintaining within their respective limits
the authoutics, rights, and liberticsappcrtaining to them."'
Here, sir, is the doctrine laid down very clearly,
that, in case of a deliberate, (thdt is, a premedi-
tated,) a palpable, (that is. a clear, unmistakable,)
and dangerous exercise of powers not granted, the
States may interpose for arresting the progress of
the evil, &c. The language clearly implies that
such interposition as is here meant must be mode
by the States, whenevci,m their judgment, it be-
comes necessary. But what kind of interposition
is this, the necessity of which is to be determined
by the States? Surely not an interposition that
would go to the extent of nullifying a law or with-
drawing from the Union. If they withdraw, the
right of interposing at once ceases. That would
be to break up the whole relation, not interposing
because of the relation between Federal and State
Government. Nor docs it mean to interpose the
physical or legal power of the State, m a conflict
with the General Government. To determine the
kind of interposition that is meant, we must look
at another resolution, the last of the s£t*ics. It is !|
as follows: j|
''That the good people of tin.' Commonwealth having
ever felt, and continuing to feel, the ino>t sincere affection ij
for their brethren of the other States, the truest anxiety for 11
establishing and perpetuating the union of all, and the mor-t
«eiupulous fidoliiy to that Constitution which is the pledge
of mutual friendship and the instrument of mutual happi- ]|
ness, the Gencial Assembly doth solemnly appeal to the j;
like dispositions in the other State?, m confidence that they .'
will concur with this Commonwealth in declaring, as'it
does hereby declare, that the acts aforesaid (meannig the
alien and sedition laws) ai*e unconstitutional; and that the
necessary and proper measures will be taken by each for
cooperating with this State in maintaining unimpaired the
authorities, rights, and liberties, reserved in the States re-
spectively, or to the people."
This resolution furnishes the key to the third
resolution, which without this might be liable to
different constructions. Thereare two points fully
made by this last resolution: first, devotion to
the Union; and second, that it was intended by
Mr. Madison who framed, and the Virginia Le-
gislature which passed, the resolutions, to invoke
and shadow forth an interposition by the neccs-
sary and proper means. Where no means arc de-
signed to be used but those which are necessary
and proper, then no one will dispute the right of
the State to decide when it will use such means.
But, sir, I do insist that there is not one word or
one syllable in the resolutions of 1798 that hints
at an interposition by secession or nullification,
or by any other means than those provided by the
Constitution itself. After the adoption of these
resolutions by the Virginia Legislature, they were
laid before the Legislatures of all the States. Every
New England State condemned them, and adopted
resolutions sustaining the alien and sedition laws.
It is a remarkable fact in history, and a strange
coincidence, that every State in the Union which
by legislative resolves indorsed the alien and se- ,
dition laws of the elder Adams, is now a Black
Republican State in politics.
When these answering legislative resolves of
the New England States were returned and laid
before the Legislature of Virginia, the subject was
referred to a committee, at the head of which stood
James Madison, the father of the Constitution.
The two resolutions which I have read were par-
ticularly objected to'hy their enemies; and it was
urged that they were nullifying in their character,
and contemplated remedies that were subversive
of all the powers of the national Government, and
that they even contemplated Yoroble resistance to
Federal authority. Mr. Madison, m his celebrated
report in the Virginia Legislature, takes up these
objections, and shows, to my mind most clearly,
that the resolutions looked to no such result. That
report shows another fact; and that is, there was
no design then to repudiate the authority of the
Federal judiciary to make decisions binding on the
States in reference to a violation of State rights.
The report says:
a Tt has been said that it belongs to thejudiciary, and not
to the State Legi-^Iatuies, to declare the meaning of the
Federal Constitution, But a declaration that proceedings
of the Fedeial Government arc not warranted by the Con-
stitution is a novelty neither among the eiti/.ens nor among
the Legislatures of the States ; nor aie the citizens or the
Legislature of Virginia singular in the example of it. Nor
can the declarations ot eitho*, whether affirmmgor denying
the constitutionality of mea^uios ot the Federal Govern-
ment, oi whethci made hetorc or after judicial decisions
thereon, be deemed in anv point of view an assumption of
the office of judge. The declarations in such cases are ex-
pressions ot opinions, unaccompanied with any other effect
than what they may produce on opinion, by exciting reflec-
tion. The expositions of the judtciaiy, on the other hand,
are carried into immediate effect by loree. The former
may lead to a change m the legislative expression ot the
genera! will, possibly ,to a change in the opinion of the
judiciary ; the latter enforces the general will, whilst that
will and thafopiinon continue unchanged."
After arguing the propriety of a legislative dec-
laration of the unconstitutionality of the alien and
sedition law, the report then proceeds to state
that the Legislatures of the States have a right to
originate amendments to the Constitution by a
concurrence of two thirds of them; and argues
that this was one of the modes of interposition
falling within the purview of the resolutions. The
report then proceeds as follows:
It is lastly to be seen whether the confidence expressed
by the resolution, tliat the necessary and proper measures £
wonid be taken by the other States for ro peiating with
Virginia in maintaining the rights reserved to the States or
to the people, be in any degree liable to the objections
j (Used against it. If it be liable to objection, it mu*t be be-
cause either the object or the means are objectionable. The
object bemgto maintain what the Constitution ha< ordained,
is in itself a laudable object. The means are expressed in
the termts neccs-,aiy and proper- A proper object was to be
pursued by means both necessaiy aud proper.
To find an objection, then, it must be shown tliatsome
meaning v\ annexed to these general term*' which was not
pioper; and for this purpose, either thai the means used by
the General Assembly were an exampieof irnpropcrmeans,
or that there weie no proper means to which the terms could
icfer. In the example given by the State, of declaring the
alien and sedition law to be unconstitutional, and of com-
municating the declaration to other States, no trace of im-
pioper means has appeared. And if the other States had
concurred in making a like declaration, supported, too, by
