L860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1557
church. That :s my opinion. Besides, Senators
are not obligor! to come lion.* to-morrow if they do
not choose to do so. They can go to church and
then come here. There will be plenty of unit? to
attend to both duties. I hope the Senate will not
adjourn over.
Mr. PUGH. That would be a good argument
for sitting on Sunday; but I think we had better
not.
Mr. HAMLIN. I would not interpose any
"objection to any Senator attending church. I
think most of them need it, [laughter;] but, how-
ever much they need it, I think there is an obli-
gation they owe to the country which ought to
demand their attendance here to-morrow. The
Senate has already, by a vote, assigned Saturday
for the consideration of business relating to the
District of Columbia. We are the exclusive le-
gislative body for the people here. The Commit-
tee on the District—and I would not say a word,
but I notice that the chairman of the committee
is out—have repotted a variety of bills, in which
the people here feel, and have a right to feel, a
deep interest. If this motion is carried, it carries
it over until Monday.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is, that when the Senate adjourns to-day, it be to
meet on Saturday.
Mr. HAMLIN. I thought it was to carry
over both days; and I thought that was an addi-
tional reason why we ought not to adjoin n over
to-morrow, if it also adjourned us over Saturday.
Then I say, that justice to private claimants who
have reports on their cases demands that wc
should act on those reports—either vote for them
or against them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion that when the Senate adjourns
to-day, it be to meet on Saturday next.
Mr. HAMLIN. I call for the yeas and nays.
It is a gross outrage.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 21, nays 29, as follows:
YEAS—Mo>ers. Anthony, Renianmt, Cameron, Clay,
Fit/patiiek. Foot, II,ilc, Hammond, Hunt*:!, Johnson of
Aikansa^. Kciuuvh. Line. Pcaire, Powell. Puglu
Rice, Sebastian. Sluioll, aa<l Wijjial!—'\H.
NA\tf—Alexis*. Hicham. Brags, Chandler, Chesnut,
Clark, Cluurman. CoHauier, Dixon, Doohttle, Dtuk^e, IYs--
semlen, Fitch, Fostot, Gtecn.GiinieNGuin. Hamlin, Har-
lan, Hemphill, Ivei-on, Johnson os 'IVnws-ee. Nichol on,
SnuMmrv , Sewaid, tUmmon^, Ten Eyek, Trumbull, Wade,
and Wil.-on—29
So the motion was not agiced to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. MASON. I now renew the motion for an
executive session.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business,
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned,
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
TurnsiuY, +ipril 5, 1^0.
The House un-t at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stocki on.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
ALICE HUNT.
Mr. CASE. Mr. Speaker, there is upon the
Speaker's table a lull from tin Senate for the relief
of Alice Hunt, widow of Thomas Hunt. I ask
that it be taken up, read a first and -second time, and
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
There beina: no objection, the bill was taken
from the Sneaker's table, received its first and
second readings, and was referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL. *
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported a bill making appropriations
for the service of the Post Office Department during
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1861; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
ordered to be printed.
CHANGE OF REFERENCE, ETC.
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, the Committee
of Ways and Means was discharged from the
further consideration of the following papers; and
they were disposed of as indicated below: _
The remonstrance of one hundred ond ninety-
I; six citizens of Davis county, Iowa, against the !
' abolition of the franking privilege—referred to the 1
!! special committee onabolishingthefrankmgpriv-
h liege.
I] Memorial relative loan appropriation of money
|; for the transportation and settling of the Indian
i: tribes on their reserves east of the Cascade mount-
!; ains—laid upon the table.
jl The following executive communications were
11 severally referred to the Committee on Ternto-
!; rich; _ ^
I, A communication from the Secretary of the
i| Treasury, in reference to an appropriation for the
|' compensation and mileage of the members of the
i Legislative Assembly of Utah;
i A' communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury in reference to an appropriation, and
the accounts incident thereto, connected with the
Territory of.Utah;
Copy of a letter of the Comptroller to Hon. A.
B. Greenwood, dated March 22, 1858, relative to
the affairs of the late Alnion W. Babbitt, secre-
tary of the Territory of Utah; and
Sundry other letters in relation to the Terri-
tory of Utah.
RAILROAD LAND IN ALABAMA.
Mr. CLOPTON, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill extending the provisions of the sixth
section of the act granting public lands to the
State of Alabama, to aid in the construction of
certain railroads, approved June 3, 1850, to the
North and South Alabama railroad; which was
read a first and second time, and refeired to the
Committee on Public Lands.
TIIE COOLIE TRADE.
Mr. ELIOT. I ask leave to rej* jrt, from the
Committee on Commerce, a bill prohibiting the
Chinese coolie trade by American citizens in
American vessels.
The bill was read by its title.
Mr. ELIOT. I move that the bill be postponed
for three weeks from this day, and, with the re-
port, be printed.
Mr. BRANCH. I understood that the hill was
to be introduced for reference only, or I should
certainly have objected to it.
Mr. IilLIOT. It has been referred. I hope the
gentleman will not object. I have been trying for
weeks to get the bill before the House.
Mr. BRANCH. Do you propose to refer it?
Mr. ELIOT. I propose to postpone it to a day
! certain. It has been referred.
Mr. BRANCH. I must certainly object to the
reception of anything exccpt for reference.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would suggest to the gen-
| tleman from Massachusetts that he .should let the
bill be referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. ELIOT. No, sir; it makes no appropria-
tion. a
Mr. SHERMAN. You can move to discharge
the committee from Us consideration at some time.
Mr. ELIOT. I tiunk there can be no objection
to having the bill postpont d for three weeks. The
House can then do what they choose with it. I
desire to have the report printed. I think that gen-
tlemen will then see that it is a subject which calls
for immediate action by Congress. 1 hope no ob-
jection will be made.
Mr. BRANCH. I do notfeel inclined, without
knowing anything about the bill, to consent to its
being placed m a privileged condition. I feel great
disinclination at all times to object to the intro-
duction of bills for reference; but this is quite a
different matter.
Mr. ELIOT. If gentlemen object when they
read the report, I will not press the bill when it
comes up.
Mr. BURNETT. How does this bill get in?
The SPEAKER. Tin; gentleman from Massa-
chusetts asks unanimous consent to introduce the
bill.
Mr. ELIOT. It comes from the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. BURNETT. I object to the printing of
the bill. I am opposed to it.
Mr. ELIOT. The gentleman from Kentucky
yesterday offered several resolutions, which were
not objected to on this side of the House.
Mr! BURNETT. I am opposed to the princi-
ple of the bill, and will object, unless the gentle-
man can get it in in the regular order.
Mr. ELIOT. It is already in.
Mr. BRANCH. I hope the gentleman will not
claim that the bill has been admitted, for I was
listening to the reading of the bill by its title un-
der the impression that it was to be introduced
simply for the purpose of reference, and, there-
fore, 1 made no objection. But if gentlemen arc
going to take advantage of our inadvertence in
this way, to bring bills before the House, I shall
feel it my duty to object to everything out of orderi
from this time foith.
Mr. ELIOT. I am, not disposed to take ad-
vantage of anybody. I only wish to bring the
bill before the House m such a way as to go.t ac-
tion upon it. If it goes to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, there it will
rest; and I do not wish it to be disposed of in that
way.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made, the
bill cannot be received.
NAVIGATION OF THE EAST RIVER.
Mr. BARR. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce a bill authorizing the
formation of a company for the improvement of
the nayigattouof the East river at Hell Gate, New
York, for the purpose of reference.
Mr. TRAIN. I object to everything out of
order.
■ MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Patton, a clerk in the office of the Secretary
of the Senate, notifying the House that that body
had passed a bill of" the Hous e entitled " An act
(H. R. No. 242) for the relief of the legal repre-
sentatives of Robert H. Morris, late postmaster
of the city of New York;" and also notifying the
House that that body had passed a bill (S. No.
249) for the relief of Samuel J. Hensley, and a
joint resolution (S. No. 23) in relation to the
minister from Japan, in which he was directed to
ask the concurrence of the House; and also noti-
fying the House that it had ordered the printing
of* the following documents:
Resolution of the Legislature 0f New Jersey,
concerning duties on imported merchandise;
Resolution of the Legislature of New Jersey,
relative to the removal of obstructions in the Del-
aware river;
Resolution concerning the establishment of a
Government foundery m New Jersey;
Resolution of the Legislature of New Jersey,
relative to the public lands;
Resolution of the Legislature of New Jersey,
for the improvement of navigable waters on tne
Atlantic coast;
Resolution of the Legislature of Iowa, for ad-
ditional mail facilities;
Resolution of the Legislature of Kentucky, in
reference to pensioning the soldiers of the war of
1812;
Resolution of the Legislature of Kentucky, re-
lating to treaties for the surrender of fugitives
from labor;
Resolutions of the Legislature of Kentucky, in
relation to duty on tobacco; and
Resolutions of the Legislature of Kentucky, in
reference to the enlargement of the Louisville and
Portland canal.
PENSION BILL.
Mr. HOWARD. I move that the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union be dis-
charged from the further consideration of*Houso
bill ( No. 66) giving pensions to the soldiers of the
war of 1812, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and printed.
Mr. ELIOT. I object to everything out of
order.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I call for the regular order
of business.
POLYGAMY IN UTAH.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busj-
ness is the consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 7)
to punish and prevent the practice of polygamy
in the Territories of the United States, ana other
places, and disapproving and annulling certain
acts of the Legislative Assembly of the Territory
of Utah; on which the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Nelson] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. NELSON resumed his argument, (inter-
rupted by the adjournment yesterday,) and fin-
ished it, in support of the bill as reported by the
committee. [A report of his whole speech will be
found in the Appendix.]
