I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
H5-
36tii Cong....1st Sess.
The President's Message—-Mr. Lamar.
Ho. of Reps.
arc reduced to that condition; are deprived of
every political right, ofevcry civil privilege. Their
existence is ignored by the laws of some States,
and their very persons, in many instances, arc sub-
ject to the custody of coarserand inferiornatures.
And these gentlemen justify all this, not upon the
ground that woman's nature is not immortal, or
that her rights are less inherent and inalienable,
but simply because the necessities of society de-
mand her consecration to those high and noble re-
sponsibilities which unfit her for the exorcise of
political rights.
Now, i put the question, and I want it answered,
whether female dependence or the immaturity of
youth constitutu any better reason for the priva-
tion of political and social equality, for the inflic-
tion of civil disabilities and personal restraints,
than the ignorance, superstition, the mental and
moral debasement which centuries of barbarism
have entailed upon a servile race ? I want to know,
sir, if the good of society, its interests and order,
as a whole, require that this race should be retained
in its existing relation; whether the institution
does not stand vindicated by every principle upon
which human institutions repose ?
Mr. Chairman, the mistake of these gentlemen
is this; that men are to be governed by certain
fixed, inflexible, invariable rules, deduced from
natural reason; and that a government which is
applicable to a race of intelligent white men can
be forccd upon States consisting of two distinct
races, opposite in color, and differing an widely in
character, disposition, moral and mental habits,
as are the opposing characteristics of barbarism
and civilization.
But, sir, shall we always i$e disputing about
these "natural rights of man" and the founda-
tions of society? Are we to have no time-honored
institutions, no recognized precedents, no grand
maxims of common law, growing up atound our
Constitution, and almost as sacred as the Consti-
tution itself? Is our grand Republic, its destiny,
its administration, its policy, to be forever float-
ing hither and thither upon the uncertain billows
of this beautiful but dangerous sea of political
metaphysics? Arc these gentlemen prepared to
say that every institution of society must stand
or fall, according- as it conforms, or fails fo con-
form, to some principle of natural right, deduced
by each generation from natural reason? Where,
sir, would such a^rinciple stop? There arc phi-
losophers, and I believe they arc correct, who say
that the right of individual property cannot be
deduced from the natural reason of man.
But, sir, this principle is not limited in its action
to political forms; it institutes revolt in all the
elements of the social system, and raises impious
waragainstthe recognizcd ordinances and express
commandments of God. The gentleman from
Connecticut [Mr. Ferry] stated, the other day,
that there was no warrant in the language of in-
spiration for the relation of master and slave as it
exists in the South. Now, sir, I am not goingto
quote the Bible upon these gentlemen; but I pro-
pose to give thum the language of a learned north-
ern divine, the president of a northern college, an
advocate of immediate abolition, whose book on
moral science is the text-book of yovir northern
collegps, academics, and schools. Dr. Waylaud,
in his letters on the subject of slavery, speaking of
the 95th chapter of Leviticus, in which the He-
brews are commanded to buy the children of the
strangers among them, uses the following lan-
guage:
" The authority to take them as slaves seems to be a part
of lhis,,ongmal, peculiar and anomalous grant "
I presume, Mr. Chairman, none but an Aboli-
tionist would characterize agrant of God a« anoma-
lous. [Laughter.]
Again:
" I grant at once that the Hebrews held slaves from the
time of the conquest of Canaan, and that Abraham and the
patriarchs held them many centuries bclbrc*. I grant, also,
Mo^es enacted laws with special reference to that rela-
tion."
I hope I have the attention of the gentleman
from Connecticut [Mr. Ferry] to the next sen-
tence:
**'1 wonder," says Dr. WayJand, "that any should have
the hardihood to deny so plain a matter of record. I should
as soon denij the delivery of the ten commandments to Moses."
Mr, FERRY, Will the gentleman yield to me
a moment?
Mr. LAMAR. It is this stupid hour rule that
prevents my yielding to the gentleman.
Mr. FERRY. I do not wish to interrupt the
gentleman further than to say that I will take an-
other opportunity to answer him.
Mr. LAMAR. Sir, the gentleman said that the
sentiment of all Christendom was repugnant to
the institution of slavery. Christianity came into
the world when the relation of master and slave
was one of cruelty and hostility. " Our slaves
are our enemies," was the observation of the elder
Cato. How did our Saviour and his apostles
treat that relation? I propose, sir, no views of
I my own; but I will give an extract from Dr.
1 Wayland's Elements of Moral Science, the text-
i book of your northern schools. In an argument,
■ seeking to prove " the moral principles of the
| gospel to be directly subversive of lh<* principles
I of slavery," he makes the following admission:
| "The gospel neither commands mastois to manumit
their slaves nor authorizes slaves. to fiee them.-eh e>- fiom
t'-.eir masters; and, also,it poo-? further, and piesoribes the
duties suited to both parties in their present condition."
A^ain:
uThe duly of slaves i>? alro explicitly made known in the
Bible. They are bound to obedience,"fidelity, submission,
and reopen to thou ma^tei <*, not onl> to the good and kind,
but also to the unkind and fiowaid; not, however, on the
ground of dutu to m&n, but on the ground of duty to God."
— Wtn/lu>td's Elements of Moral Science  pages £2."> and 'H9,
edition in the Congressional Mbraiy.
This iq abolition authority, I want it under-
stood.
Now, sir, the teachings of the apostles, as they
are here made known Ify Dr. Wayland, were the
teachings of the Christian Church. The Church
was itself a slaveholder, and Christian kings and
princes followed its example. There is in Hamp-
ton Court at this day, the marble bust of the
favorite negro slave of William III, Prince of
Orange—one of the cherubim of English lib-
erty—with a carved collar around his neck, with
a padlock upon it, and in every respect made like
a dog's collar.
But, sir, there is one authority which I came
near forgetting to read, and which I suppose stands
higher with those gentlemen than even Dr. Way-
land. It is a work which is an elaborate exposi-
tion of certain abstract principles of New England
theology and politics, albeit in a narrative and
dramatic form. 1 read from the "Minister's Woo-
ing," by Mrs. Harriet Beecher Stowe. [Laugh-
ter.] In this novel, which would stand unequaled
as a work of fiction but for the anti-slavery big-
otrysvhich runs like a coarse black thread through
the otherwise admirable tissue of thought and
feeling, she puts in the mouth of the erudite and
learned Dr. Hopkins—the hero, by the way, of
the tale—the following answer toJNir. Marvyn's
question:
Wa? there not an express permission given to Israel to
buy and hold .slaves as of old?"
Says the Doctor:
" Doubtless; but many permissions were given to them
which were local and temporary { for if we hold them to
applv to the human race, the Tuikrf might Quote the Bible
foi making slaves of us, if they could; and the Algennes
have the Scripture all on their hide ; and our own blacks at
some l'tnuie tune, it they c-an'get the power, might ju-lify
themselves; in making slaves ot us." [Page 171.]
Now, sir, I do not wish the point of my argu-
ment misunderstood. I am not seeking to show
a Bible sanction of southern slavery as it now
exists. I do not ask your assent to that. My
point is, that the principle with which you are
warring upon us, is condemned by the ordinance
of God and the language of Scripture. I say that
God would never, even " for local and temporary
purposes," have given permission for that, which
comes in conflict with those immutable principles
of natural right of which he is the author. When
he established slavery among the Jews, he estab-
lished the principle that there may be conditions
and circumstances under which slavery is not
" hateful to God or unjust to man." Nor does
this argument justify Turkish slavery, Algerine
slavery, or white slavery; it justifies no sort of
i slavery except that which justifies itself by the
rightfulness of its own conditions and circum-
stances. And this is the ground upon which we
of the South place our cherished institutions. We
maintain that these justifying circumstances do
exist in relation to our institution of negro sla-
very. They consist in the unfitness of the black
race for a condition higher than that of slavery.
I Our proposition is, that when these two races are
brought into contact, the supremacy of the white.
man must be acknowledged, and his right to gov-
ern both races with reference to the happiness of
both. This is the principle upon which, until .
recently, the legislation of all your northern States
was founded. They all asserted the supremacy
of the white man and the subordination of the
black man.
The gentleman from Connecticut [Mr. Perry]
stated that the object of our Revolution was to es-
tablish " universal equality in political rights, and
the indefeasible title of all men to social and civil
libeity." He ought to have had the candor to
have held up his own State to public reprehension
for violating this principle; for in Connecticut he
knows the negro has neither political nor social
equality ; that he is deprived of the right of voting;
that Ue is legally incompetent as a witness against
white men, and excluded from the right of lntcr-
marri«ige with whites. Those gentlemen guard
sedulously enough against all contact of this race
with themselves, or their own class of society. I
could not insult that gentleman more grossly than
to ask him if he is willing to throw open the sacred
precincts of his family, and allow the negro to
come in as an equal member. No, sir; but he is
for freeing his labor, and possibly for giving him
the right of voting, and by that means bringing
him ill contact and equality, not with himself, but
with the laboring white freeman of the North; and
why such a proposition does not kindle a consum-
ing flame of indignation among those laboring
freemen of the North, is one of those political
phenomena for which I will not undertake to ac-
count.
Sir, the only cause of the difference between
the legislation of northern and southern States
upon the subject of slavery, is, that the negroes
are not sufficient in numbers at the North to make
it necessary to reduce them to the condition of
domestic servitude, while with us that condition
is indispensable to the good order and welfare of
the whole society. And it is demonstrable—and
I will make it so appear, if I have time—that the
negro in the southern States has reached a moral
and intellectual development superior to his race
in any other position in which he has been placed.
That he contributes more, in his present condi-
tion, to the good of mankind, their moral and in-
tellectual progress, than in any other position in
which lie has been placed. What was his con-
dition when he was first brought here ? Look at
him upon his native continent. The most humane
explorers of the African continent tell us that they
exist there without social or political order, with-
outmodesty or shame, some of the tribes not even
reaching the civilization of the fig-leaf.
I propose, just here, to read from Hegel's Phi-
losophy of History, an imperishable monument'
of human genius, in which , the author holds
" freedom to bo the essence of humanity, and sla-
very the condition of injustice." And what does
he say?
"Tiie negro, as already observed, exhibits the natural
man in his completely wild and untamed state. We must
lay aside ali thought of 1 evcrencc and morality, all that we
call feeling, if we would rightly comprehend him. There
is nothing harmonious with humanity to be found in tbia
type of character." [Page 97.3
"The undervaluing of humanity among them reaches an
incredible degree of intensity. Tyranny is regarded as no
wrong, and cannibalism is looked upon as quite customary
and proper." * ' "The devouring of human
flesh is altogether consonant with the general principles of
the African race. To the sensual negro, human flesh Is
but an object of sense—mere flesh." [Pages 99-100.]
After describing many other characteristics,
the author concludes "slavery to have been the
occasion 0/ theincrease of hximan feeling among the
negroes. The doctrine which we deduce from this
condition of slavery among the negroes, and which
constitutes the only side of the question that has
an interest for our inquiry, is that which we de-
duce from the idea, viz: that the ' natural condi-
tion' itself is one of absolute and thorough injus-
tice, contravention of the right and just. Every
intermediate grade between this ana the realiza-
tion of a rational state retains, as might be ex-
pected, elements and aspects of injustice. There-
fore, we find slavery even in the Greek and
Roman States, as we do Serfdom, down to the
latest times. But thus existing in a State, slavery
is itself a phase of advance from the merely isolated
