2502
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31,
I
no more in a Government printing office to do the
same work. I care not what the assumption is,
-et it cannot be denied that it will take no more
ands to do the work in a Government printing
office than it now takes to do the samp work. The
same number of hands will be required in one
instance as in the other. The same rule applies
to both cases.
How are these printers employed ? They are
not employed by the day, not by the week, but
by the piece,by the thousand ems, and according
to the rules which are agreed upon in this city,
and which control an4 govern the printers of this
city. Ifaman does a great deal of work he will
get a ercat deal of woikl If he docs little work
he wil? get little money, if he does no work he
will get nothing. The latter, all must admit, will
be in rathetan unpleasant condition. I say that
there is no increase of patronage proposed by the
gentleman from Ohio, [iVtr. (Hurley.] I must,
therefore, most respectfully submit to the gentle-
man from Alabama, that that objection is de-
cidedly without foundation.
Now, sir, having presented this view of the
subject, what objection can there be to our try nig
a Government establishment? We are bound to
believe that the same experience which has estab-
lished this* system in the older nations than our-
selves, and perhaps equally enlightened, would
establish ithero. Suffice it to say, that the clamor
against the existing .system, that the charges
of corruption upon the highest and the lowest,
have furnished a theme for political demagogues
throughout the land. It is a thing that ail of us
should desire, for the honor of the country, for the
honor of the Representatives of the people, to get
clear of.
But there is one objection to this bill, I acknowl-
edge, but which I shall not urge now, to the point
of an amendment, because I think it might em-
barrass the bi II, and it may be amended he reaftei —
namely, m the Senate. That objection is, that
the Superintendent of this printing establishment
is an appointee of the Executive, and yet it is
proposed that the Committee on Printing of the
two Mouses shall retain n supervision of the con-
tracts made Now, I am opposed to any com-
mittee of this House, or of the Senate, holding
such a relation as that to this matter. That is an
executive function, and &uch a provision is vio-
lative of the clear division of power called for by
the Constitution. And that is not all. Itgivts
and delegates a power to a committee that is not
now without reproach. The Committee on Print-
ing and the Committee on Engraving- have been
objects of assault; and m theTiurty-Fourth Con-
gress if well known that positions were sought
upon those committees because there was a good
thing m them, as it was said and alleged. What,
a grood thing in the Engraving Committee ! A good
thing in the Printing Committee of this House !
How? By letting out contracts, and, I suppose,
by some one or more of the commits e receiving
a percentage upon those contracts. Wiil the dig-
nity or self-respect of this House allow that power
to a committee which is subjected to the point of
criticism under bitter and excoriating animadver-
sion? Why, sir, the. self-respect of every man
upon this floor, and the patriotic desire of every
genth man, would lead them not to invade the,
poweis of the Executive by the assumption of
those duties which, by the Constitution, properly
belongs to him.
There is a singular circumstance, which took
place during this session—a circumstance which
nas been the theme of no little animadversion;
and which, under the circumstances to which 1
have referred in the course of my remarks, really
has some color for the animadversion to which I
have, referred. We, by an order of the llouse, dis-
solved the Committee on Engraving, which com-
mittee hud been m existence for many years, and
assigned the duties of that committee to the Com-
mittee on Printing. 1 would like to know what
that meant. Why was that doner I would like
to ask the chairman of the Committee on Print-
ing, over the way, what is his rule in dispensing
contracts for the engravmgbusinessof this House ?
Does he make them with the lowest bidder, or
does he do as he did in the case of letting out the
binding, exercise a large discretion upon the sub-
ject? I would like to hear him answer. It was
the practice of the Committee on Engraving of
last Congress, to advertise for proposals for doing
such work4 and to take the lowest bidder. But
why were the duties of that committee transferred
to the Committee on Printing? I ask again—and
I ask for the information of the House—does the
gentleman from New York, in reference to that,
as'he does in reference to the binding, exercise a
large and liberal discretion in granting contracts?
The gentleman does not reply; but he will, I sup-
pose, in his concluding speech. But I am ready
to hear him now, for f have, just at this time, a
little curiosity about it.
Mr. HASKIN. The gentleman from Virginia
seems to refer to me, though I am not the chair-
man of the Committee on Printing. I am not
disposed to break in now upon the thread of the
discourse of the gentleman from Virginia; but will
reply to the charges in a lump, when I shall have
the pleasure of concluding the argument upon the
subject now before the House.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I have perhaps
done the gentleman wrong, in referring to him as
the chairman of the Committeeon Printing. I was
led away by the fact that he let out the binding
contracts. But 1 ask the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Printingand Engraving, the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Guiiley,] whether it is the prac-
ticc of that committee now to advertise for the
engraving jobs, and to let them out to the lowest
bidders r
Mr. GUIILEY. The last engraving that was
given out, was given at the lowest bid of last
year.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. What is the rule
established by your committee?
Mr. GURLEY. We have not established any
special rule.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Then I am to un-
derstand that but one contract for engraving has
been given out by your committee?
Mr. GURLEV. There have been two or three
small contracts given out.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. How were they
given out?
Mr. GU.RLEY. At the lowest standard price.
We referred the subject to the Superintendent of
Public Printing, because he was familiar with the
whole subject.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Was there an ad-
vertisement?
Mr. GURLEY. No, sir.
Mr. SxM of Virginia. The gentleman says
the contracts were lot out at the lowest standard
price. Now, that is like Lord Coke's 44 and so
fortli," which may mean something, anything, or
nothing. " The lowest standardwhat does that
mean? What is a standard price? If there is a
standard price, how can there be a lower price?
The truth is, there is a crying necessity for re-
jecting this feature of the bill, though I will not
'move it now, hoping that the Senate, if it ever
comes to the consideration of this bill, will pro-
vide against the assumption of executive privi-
leges, and that it will ail be made right. The matter
is contained in two or three provisions of the bill;
and 1 do not see how I can vote for the bill with
this unconstitutional measure in it.
i have presented theseviewsbnefly,and having
nothing more to say, I yield the floor to others.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. As the first vote
to be taken is upon the substitute proposed by
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Gurlf:y,J and as
it is not subject to amendment, 1 ask him to ac-
cept a proviso, to come in at the end of the first
section, fixing a limit to the price to be contracted
for by the Superintendent of the Public Printing.
H is m these words:
Provided, That the sum so contracted to bo paid bhaH
not exceed §^G0,<JtH).
So that the section will read:
And to enable Inm to carry out the provisions of this act,
he* is authorized to contract tor the erection or purchase of
the n<-ces«nr> l>utiding.?, nmchmerj, and material.* tor that
purpose, said contract to be Mihjeet to the approval of the
Joint Committee on Printing ot the two Houses of C'on-
"res-si: Provided, That the sum so coutiaeted to be paid
j haH not exceed $JOO.OOO.
It seems to me that some such limitation is
important; and I trust that the gentleman from
Ohio, after reflecting on the subject, will accept
this as an amendment to his substitute.
Meantime i avail myself of this opportunity to
say a word on the general merits of the several
propositions which are now open for discussion.
I propose to vote for the substitute to which I
have offered this amendment. I am opposed to
the contract system. My mind was made up on
that subject some ten years ago, and remains un-
changed, except so far as my early impressions
against it have been confirmed, and my opposi-
tion to the system strengthened, i have seen it
in my own State, and know what its inevitable
results are. Every one who has had occasion to
examine the public documents of the House of
Representatives of 1846-47-48, will also concur
with me in the opinion that never was work done
to less advantage, and never money worse spent,
than that invested then in the public printing.
Many of the public records of that day are now
scarcely legible, after the lapse of ten or twelve
years. A bare examination and comparison of
the work done then and that since done, even
under the present system, will establish the im-
mense superiority of the latter, highly objection-
able as it is.
While I am thus decidedly opposed to the con-
tract system, I desire earnestly that some change
shall be made also in the present law providing
for the election of a Public Printer; and that the
scenes which are enacted at the beginning of each
Congress, in the Senate and in the House, cor-
rupt and discreditable as thry sometimes have
been, may in the future be avoided. There, are
two modes by which this can be done, either by
the contract system, which I think eminently ob-
jectionable, of no advantage forany purpose,and
peculiarly worthless on the score of economy—
for, if economical at all, it is the economy of
meanness—or by the appointment of a Superin-
tendent of Public Printing, with authority to
provide for the execution of the printing in Ihe
manner contemplated by the substitute of the
gentleman from Ohio. There is no reason why
this Government should not execute its printing
by its own officers, and its own employes, any
more than that -it should not carry on war by sol-
diers enlisted by it, or by marines and sailors in
its Navy, or by agents and officials in any of its
Departments. If printing had never been in-
vented, this work would have been done by clerks,
and in manuscript; and certainly no one would
have ever thought of a contract system* or even
of the present system, for such purpose. Clerks
would have been employed to perform the labor,
as we employ them now to do the writing re-
quired m the House, and as they are employed
m the several Executive Departments of the Gov-
ernment.
I rose, however, simply to indicate the favor
with which 1 received this proposition, to express
my opinion in regard to it, to bear my testimony
in its support, and further to indulge an earnest
hope that it will meet with the acceptance of this
House, and thus, so far as we are concerned at
least, may become a law.
Now, I ask the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.GuR-
lky] to accept my proposition.
The SPEAKER. It is proper that the Chair
should state to the gentleman from Ohio that
there is already one amendment pending to the
substitute.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. So I understand;
but inasmuch as the substitute was offered by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Guiiley,] as a mem-
ber of the House, and not as coming from a com-
mittee, he has unquestionably the right to accept
any amendment that may be proposed, i am
aware that there can be none proposed now under
parliamentary law; but inasmuch as the vote is
to be taken first on the substitute, and as that&uh-
stitute is not amendable on motion, J have made
the request that the gentleman from Ohio will
accept my amendment I am satisfied that the
form in which I have drawn it up will not send
the bill to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman fromOhio
thinks proper to modify his substitute, there is
no objection.
Mr. GURLEY. I am perfectly willing so to
modify it, if the Chair thinks it will not send the
bill to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
will indicate what his* proposition is.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. To add to the first
section of the substitute," provided the sum so con-
tracted to be paid shall not exceed £200,000. '
There is one other amendment to the second
section which I would suggest to the cons'dera-
