1558
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
Mr. COBB. Will the gentleman from Tennes-
see give mc a few minutes of his time ?
Wfr. NELSON. Yes, sir.
The SPEAKER. By unanimous consent, the
gentleman from Alabama will be permitted to oc-
cupy the remaining time of the gentleman from
Tennessee. The gentleman is entitled to four
minutes.
Mr. MORRILL. As a similar courtesy was
refused to mc on the other side yesterday, I feel
bound to object.
Mr. COB&. I did-not object yesterday.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made.
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. I ask that the
delegate from Utah may be heard.
Several Members. No objection. "We want to
hear him.
Mr. HOOPER. Mr. Speaker, my remarks on
the bill now under consideration will be brief.
However much my feelings might prompt me to
speak at length upon the subject now before the
House, the propriety of doing so, under existing
circumstances,is,in my mind,questionable. Sev-
eral gentlemen, knowing that gross calumnics
have been circulated and obtained credcnce re-
specting myconstituents,and takmgalively inter-
est in their exposure—for which I thank them—
have urged me to let all the facts be known to the
country in a speech or speeches upon this floor.
Sir, when the time comes, as come it will—events
are even now shaping to bring it about—that my
remarks can be heard and weighed without the
prejudice that unhappily exists at present, these
charges, which have been so freely and unscru-
pulously made, will be taken up, charge by
charge, and their falsity made apparent to the
whole country. Until then, I am content to wait.
In the meantime, I appeal to the dispassionate
and unprejudiced to think better of the one hun-
dred thousand of their fcllow-creatures—the larger
portion of them born on the same soil, and all of
them speaking the same language—than to ima-
gine them capable of conspiring,"with one accord,
to perpetrate Sfech base oflenses as are charged
upon us by our enemies.
It is not my intention at present to discuss the
peculiar features of the bill now before the House;
but I would respectfully ask, are gentlemen pre-
pared to meet the consequences of its passage ?
Arc we not just emerging from a difficulty with
the people against whom this bill is leveled, which
at one time made the danger of civil war and its
attendant horrors imminent? The feelings of
the people of the Territory of Utah were indeed
aroused; they suspected—and,as they imagined,
with good reason—the intentions of their fellow-
citizens toward them. These suspicions are being
allayed. I rejoice to say that all accounts lately
received from my constituents go to show that a
better feeling exists than has been known to pre-
vail there for yeais. The doubts formerly exist-
ing so strongly in their minds m relation to the
treatment tliey might expect are being removed.
But if this bill be passed, if the measure proposed
be carried out, they will revive, and with renewed
force. The fire which blazed so fiercely while the
fuel of persecution was heaped upon it, and which
smoldered for a short time afterwards, has now
almost died out; the question now presents itself—
not for the consideration of anyone party, but for
all parties, for the consideration of the represcnt-
atives'of the whole country—are you prepared,
gentlemen, again to enkindle this fire?
Mr. Speaker, this grave point is the only one
whicii I desire to make. But I think it is more
manly in me not to hold back from speaking di-
rectly with reference to polygamy, upon which 1
admit that we are exposed to censure. Upon this
floor I have to remember that 1 am the Repre-
sentative of all the citizens of Utah, and I cannot
as much as allude to divisions of sentiment among
us on this or any other subject. 1 hope, there-
fore, that honorable gentlemen will generously
forbear to press me further when I ask them to
attach much meaning to my words.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. "With regard to the
practicc of polygamy in Utah, I desire the Dele-
gate to tell the House to what extent it exists;
what is the greatest number of wives claimed by
any man in the Territory? what proportion of
citizens have more than one wife ? and is the mar-
riage regulation, as practised by the authority of
the church, binding on your people?
Mr. HOOPER. I will reply satisfactorily not
only to the gentleman, but to the House, by re-
marking, first, that practically I am not a poly-
ganiist, and therefore what I say in regard to
polygamy must be received with a certain degree
of caution. ^
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. The gentleman
understands me as making no charge against him r
Mr. HOOPER. Not at all. From my observ-
ation, from ten years' residence in Utah, I can
say that not over one half of the people of Utah
are polygamists; and that probably not half of
that half have more than two wives. I know of
no church regulation whereby a man is compelled
to become a polygamist, or whereby a wtsman is
compelled, against her will, to marry a man.
Mr. Speaker, as I look around me, I am en-
couraged to see the faces of several members who
were acquainted with me when I was in business
in the West, before I became identified with the
citizens of Utah, and who will say they know
me personally to be incapable of deceit or dissim-
ulation. I beg them all to hear mc say, then,
upon my honor as a gentleman, that the passage
of this bill will not be unacceptable to the extreme
advocates of polygamy in the Territory of Utah.
It will entitle them to aecusc of lukewarmness
and disaffection to the common cause all those
who hesitate to defend it as an institution. Sir,
it will unite us all in opposition to the unjust pre-
tensions of the national Government to put it
down by force.
The SPEAKER stated the question to be on
Mr. Nelson's amendment to the original bill, as
follows:
Strike out cf the original bill all after the word c' pel-
sons," in the third line. down to the end of the ninth line,
and insert m lieu thereof the following:
Being man led, Mia!!, dining the lilu of the found hus-
band or wife, marry another person m any Territoiy of the
United States, oi oilier place—except the Uistiiet of Co-
lumbia— over which the Krtited Stare* possess exclusive
jurisdiction, or, if the manias^ with such other person lake
place elsewhere, shall thereafter live or cohabit with such
oihei pei<on in ^ueh Territory, or other place over which
the United State* possess OAcfusivB jurisdiction,the former
husband or wife hnn>r alive, he, she, or they, so offending,
shall, on conviction,
Mr. BRIGGS. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Tennessee whether the amendment which
he proposes received the concurrence of the com-
mittee which ordered the bill to be reported?
Mr. NELSON. It received the concurrence of
all the members who wcic present. I think that
Mr. Taylor, of Louisiana, and Mr. Houston, of
Alabama, were both absent.
Mr. BRANCH. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman from Tennessee a question as to the legal
bearing of this amendment.
Mr. BINGHAM. I must object.
The SPEAKER. If there be objection, no
questions can be asked.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I must object to any ex-
planation.
The question was taken on Mr. Nelson's
amendment; and it was agreed to.
Mr. BRANCH moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was agreed to; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Branch's amend-
ment, as follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause of the bill, and
ins.cu:
That the fomth and fifth sections of the act entitled '-An
actto establish a ten itoi ml government lor Utah,41 approved
9th of September, 1^50, be, and the ,-ame tne hereby, re-
pealed.
Sec. JJnd be it further enacted, That hereafter the
legislative power, a> defined and limited in said act, shall
be vej-ted in the (Joveiuoi and thnteen of the  no&t fit and
discreet pet son* of the Territory, to be called the Legislative
Council, who shall be appointed biennially by the President
of the United States, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, fiom among the citizens of the United States
re*i<hng therein, and without reference to any dinners
which have lioretoloie been laid off.
Sfc. 3. Jlmlbeit further enacted, That the fast appoint-
ment-- tmdei tins act shail be made on or before the 4th of
March, lbtfl, on winch day said appointment* shall take
effect.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask whether it is in order
to divide the amendment, and take a vote first on
striking out and then on inserting?
The SPEAKER. It is not m order. The
Chair thinks the motion to strike out and insert
indivisible at this stage.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I ask to have the
fourth and fifth sections of the organic act of
Utah, to which the amendment refers, read.
The sections were read.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Is it in order to ask to
have a division of the sections ?
• Mr. BRANCH. The question cannot be di-
vided after the previous question has been ordered.
That has been repeatedly ruled in the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair holds that the
amendment is indivisible.
The question being on Mr. Branch's amend-
ment,
Mr. BRANCH called for the veas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 47, nays 151; as follows.
YEAS—Messrs. Adrain, ThomasL. Anderson, Ashmore,
Barksdale, Barr, Barrett, Bocock, Bonham, Branch, Bur-
nett, Horace F. Clark, John B. Clark, Clopton, Cobb, John
Cochrane, James Craig, Crctvvioid, Cuny, De Jarnette,
Dirmnick, Florence, Gartrell, Hardeman, Ilawkms, Tlili,
Hindman, Houston, Hughes, Jackson, Jones, Keitt, La-
mar. Love, McQueen, Miles, Noell, Phelps, Hugh, Rutlin,
Simm*, William Smith, Stallworth, Taylor, Thomas,
Vance, Whiteley, and Wmslow—47.
NAYS—Mcsms. Chailes F. Adams, Green Adams, Ald-
r'ch, Allen, Alley, William C.Anderson, Ashley, Babbitt,
Beale, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Boteler, Bouligny, Brabson,
Brauon, Brings, Bristow, Buffinton, Burch, Burlingame,
Burroughs, Butteifield, Campbell, Oaiey, Carter, Case,
Clark 11. (JoeInane, Colfax,Conkhng, Cooper, Covode,Cos:,
Curtis, H. Winter Davi*, D.uves, Delano, Dwell, Dunn,
Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Etheridge, Farnsworth,
Feiiton, Feriy, Foster, Fouke, Frank, French, Gilmer, Gra-
ham, Giow, Cuiley, Ilall, Hamilton, J. Morrison Hams,
Ha&kin, Ilatton,Helmiek, Iliekman, Hoard, flolman,How-
aid, Humphrey, Ilmchins, Jenkins, Junlun, Fiancis W.
Kellogg, William Kellogg, Kenyon, Kilgore, Killinger, Lai-
iabcc", DeWitt C. Leach. Lee, Logan, Longnecker, Love-
joy, Mallory, Maiston, Charles D. Martin, Elbert S. Martin,
Maynaid, McClernand, McKean, MeKnight, McPherson,
McRae, tvfilbon, Montgomeiy, Laban T. Moore, Moor-
head, Morrill, Edwaid Joy Morris, Isaac N. Morris, Morse, -
Nelson, IViblaek, Nixon, Ohn, Pendleton, Perry, Pettit,
Porter, Pottei, Pnor, Ciuaries, Rice, Biggs, Christopher
Kobinson, James O. Robinson, Royce, Schwartz, Seott,
Scranton, Sheiman, Sickles, Singleton, William N. H.
Plinth, Spauldmg, Spinnci, Stanton, Stevens, James A.
Stewait, William Stewait, Stokes, Stoat, Stratton, Tap-
pan, Thayer, Theakcr, Tompkins, Tiain, Trimble, Under-
wood, Vandever, Van Wyck, Veiree, Waldron, Walton,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel
Washburn, Webster, Wells, Wilson, Windom, Woodruff,
and Woodson—151.
So the amendment was rejected.
During the vote,
Mr. ENGLISH stated that he was paired ofif
for the day with Mr. Pottle.
Mr. DAWES stated that Mr. Gooch was de-
tained at his residence by illness.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM, not being in the
House when his name was called, asked leave to
vote.
Objection was made.
Air. VALLANDIGHAM. I should have voted
in the negative.
Mr. KILLINGER stated that his pair with
Mr. Avery was transferred, for to-day and to-
morrow, to Mr. Corwi\t.
Air. HARRIS, of Virginia, not being in the
House when his name was called, asked leave to
vote.
Objection was made.
Air. HARRIS, of Virginia. I should have voted
" ay."
Mr. POTTER said: I am paired for a week
with Mr. Leach, of North Carolina, on all ques-
tions except financial questions; and this being a
commercial question, [laughter,] I think I have
a right to vote. I therefore vote " no."
Air. MOIlItlLL moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was rejected; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. McClernand's
amendment, as follows;
Amend, bj ^ti iking nut all after the enacting clause, and
inserting as follows, to wit*
That the act entitled " An act to establish a territorial
government for Utah," approved September y, 1850, be,
and the -ame is hereby, repealed : Provided, That all suits,
process, and proceedings,, civil and criminal, at !<iw and in
equity, and ail indictments and informations which shall
be pending and undeteimnied m the courts of >aid Teni-
toiy, established by the act afores>aid, when this act shall
take effect, shall betransferied to be heard, tried, pros-
ecuted, and determined m the district court* of the Ter-
ritories. hereinafter provided tor, which may include the
counties and district? where any such proceedings maybe
pending. All crimes and misdemeanors against the laws ai
force witbm the said limits may be prosecuted, ttied. and
punished m the courts established by tins act; and ait pen-
alties, torreiture.-., actions, and can ;es of action, may be le-
covered under this act, m like manner as they would have
been under the laws in force Within tin: limits composing
said Territory, at the time tins act shall go into opeiation.
Sec. 2. Jind be it further enacted, That district of eoun-
