1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tion of the gentleman from Ohio, and which he
can accept or not at a subsequent period of the
debate. The proviso in that section is in these
words:
"Provided, That the Superintendent shall, atno time, em-
ploy more hands in the public printing ana binding estab-
lishment than the absolute necessities of the public work
may require."
That, to say the least, is leaving the matter ex-
ceedingly loose—almost without any limitation
4or restraint, and the grossest of abuses mightpre-
vail u#der it without exposure or correction. I
propose to add thereto the folowing:
Ami further, lie shall report to Congress, at the beginning
of each session, the number ofliands so employed, and the
length of time each has been employed.
Mr. GURLEY I have no objection whatever
to that.
The SPEAKER. The substitute will be mod-
ified accordingly.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. At the suggestion
of the gentleman from Ohio, I will reduce the sum
in my proviso in the first section from $200,000 to
$150,000.
Mr. CLOPTON. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Smith,] in answer to the argument
which I submitted to the House yesterday even-
ing, to show that the bill for the establishment of
a national printing office would increase executive
patronage, says that there would be no more
hands employed if the Government did its own
printing than are now employed. The gentleman
from Virginia forgets, however, the fact that the
employment of the hands under the two systems
would be entirely different. At present they are
employed by the Public Printer himself—by the
contractor. If the Government did its own print-
ing,-these hands would be employed by the Gov-
ernment, or an appointee of the President—the
Superintendent. That is the difference which the
gentleman from Virginia has overlooked in his
argument. Mr. Moore, who is connected with
the National Intelligencer office, in his testimony
before the committee, says that he ha 1 charge'of
the congressional printing under Duff Green, un-
dev the law of 1819; and thateven under that law
members of Congress often insisted upon, and did
induce him, to employ hands who were of the bad
hands. How much more would that operate,
how much greater would be the influence of mem-
bers of Congress, when the Superintendent had
the employment of these hands!
Mr. PRYOR. After some investigation of this
matter, I have come to the conclusion to give my
support to both propositions—as well to that of
the gentleman from Ohio, as to that of the gentle-
man from New York. I think a combination of
those measures would operate a radical and com-
plete reform in the printing abuses. The bill of
the gentleman from Ohio proposes to establish
a printing bureau; but that system is not to go
into effect till the 4th of March, 1861. Meanwhile
the proposition of the gentleman from New York
at once effects a salutary deduction from the ex-
orbitant profits of the public printing plunder.
Therefore, sir, I shall go for both these measures.
We have made experiment of all the various
plans of printing for the Go vernment, and the result
must satisfy every fair-minded man that neither
the contract system nor the system that now exists,
is the system which ought to prevail. That has
been demonstrated by gentlemen who have pre-
ceded me. The question is now, shall we strike
out a new invention ? Shall we essay another
experiment? To that I give my cordial assent.
The gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Clofton,]
in his speech yesterday, intimated that a bureau
of printing would involve a very large aggrand-
izement of Federal authority and executive pat-
ronage. I cannot so understand it. Under the
present system, we have a Superintendent of
Public Printing, and the only new offices created
by this bill are the offices of foreman of printing
and foreman of binding. So that, on the score of
the increase of the appointees and of patronage
under the Administration, it amounts to nothing.
But the gentleman says further, that the system
would create large corruption. I answer no, Mr.
Speaker; and I answer no upon the evidence of
analogy. Government builds its own ships and
manufactures its own arms; and that plan has
been adopted after an experiment of the contract
system—after an experiment by which the Gov-
ernment lot out the malting of arms and the build-
ing of ships of war to the lowest bidder. Now,
if the principle has operated well in one case, may
it not operate quite as well in the case under con-
sideration? The analogy is essential, the deduc-
tion is legitimate. At any rate, let us try a new
experiment. The present system of printing must
be abolished. Look at the disclosures which have
been brought before the House at this very ses-
sion? I know that some gentlemen upon this side
of the Chamber are disposed, or indicate a dispo-
sition to throw the vail of concealment over reve-
lations of cxecutivc abuse. I have no such incli-
nation, sir. They are enormous; they are crying
grievances; grievances, I assure gentlemen, which
smell very badly in the nostrils of the people.
Take, for example, the printing of the Post
Office blanks, by which, after the work is done,
the surplus of appropriation is distributed among
the stipendiaries of executive patronage. Gen-
tlemen say, to be sure, that the excess is only dis-
tributed amonsj the friends of the Administration.
Very well; if it was to be expended at all, it was
"right to distribute it among the friends of the
Administration. But why did not the President
inform Congress that the law appropriated an ex-
cessive amount of money for this specific service,
and suggest a large deduction from an exorbitant
appropriation ? Instead of recommending such a
reduction, instead of indicating to the Represent-
atives of the people that here was an instance in
which they might save a considerable sum to an
exhausted Treasury, that surplus expenditure was
distributed among the partisans of the Admin-
istration. Now, sir, for one, I denounce it. I am
not responsible for it. I invoke the judgment of
the people against it. I see, this morning, that
the organ of tho Administration imprecates the
curses of the people upon certain Representatives
who had the audacity to vote on the Post Office
bill according to the dictates of their judgment.
I retaliate, and invoke the judgment of the people
against this act of the Administration, for which
no ingenuous mind can find a shadow of palliation
or apology.
Sir, I want to exhaust this fund of corruption.
I have no hope that the Administration which will
succeed the incumbent will be more honest. I
fear, indeed, it will be much less honest than the
one in power. I wish to deprive the incoming
Administration of the means of corruption, and to
that end I would begin by striking a blow at this
public printing plunder.
I have had some familiarity with the details of
this business, and it is my deliberate judgment,
after a earful examination of all the systems, that
the one now proposed is the only system which
can rescue the Government from extravagance
and corruption, and insure a promptand satisfac-
tory execution of the public printing. At any
rate, if we try it and it proves a failure, nothing
is more easy than to repeal it, and revert to some
I other plan.
Mr. BURNETT. It is not my purpose to detain
the House m any lengthened remarks in reference
to this subject of printing. Upon a former occa-
sion—I believe in the Thirty-Fourth Congress—
I delivered my views at length upon the subject of
the public printing, and every gentleman who is a
member of this House is familiar with the abuses
which have been connected with this entire sub-
ject, and all I believe have been anxious to rem-
edy those abuses. But I must, sir, confess my
surprise that my distinguished friend from Vir-
ginia [Mr. PryokJ should have been led into an
error in reference to this subject of the public
printing. I must also express my regret that ho
should have made it the occasion of finding fault
with the President of tho United States upon a
subject over which he has no control whatever.
Mr. PRYOR. If my friend will allow me a
moment. The gentleman from Kentucky has al-
leged that the President of the United States had
no control over this matter. I submit this state-
ment of facts to him, and demand of him whether
or no the President did not have it in his power,
not only to control, but absolutely to annihilate
this abuse. Here was an appropriation of $40,000
for the printing of I'ost Office blanks. The Pres-
ident of the United States, if he knew anything
about the matter at all, knew this was at least
§30,000 more than sufficient compensation for the
service. Was it not iffc? duty, as the Chief Exec-
utive, watching over the interests of the country,
to inform the representatives of the people of the
unnecessary expenditure, and say to them that a
much smaller appropriation would avoii ? ;or, was
it his duty to permit the surplus of the appropri-
ation to he distributed among subsidized and ser-
vile party presses ? ' ' _ , , ]
Mr. BURNETT. Mr, Speaker, it affords mi
great pleasure to answer the .question, I ei\ter
into no defense of corruption, let It be found whex&
It may. My record will bear witness to the feet
that no man upon this floor, with no more ability
than myself, has gone further to correct abuses,
not only connected with the public printing, but
every other subject connected with the business of
the country. ButtheConstitutionofthe country—
and my friend hails from Virginia, where they un-
derstand the Constitution better, I believe, than
any other people in the entire country—lias well
divided the powers of the Government. Here ig
the executive, here is the legislative, and we have
the judicial branch. If there be any fault con-
nected with the subject of public printing, it be-
longs to tho Congress of the United States, and
not to the President.
Mr. PRYOR. Just one word. I appreciate
the full force of that suggestion; and acting upon
my responsibility as a Representative, I propose
to remedy the evil; and for that the gentleman
would rebuke me.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman misunder-
stands me. But, sir, I am for the responsibility
falling where it belongs. Here is a charge gravely
made, first by the member from New York, and
then by the gentleman from Virginia, that it was
the duty of the President of the United States to
have corrected this abuse connected with the print-
ing of the Post Office blanks. I deny that such
was the duty of the President. I deny that the
President had any control over the subject. I
deny that the President of the United States is
amenable, to any extent, to the responsibility for
the abuses which may have grown out of the
business of the public printing.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the gentleman will allow
me—and I do not desire to interrupt him—I will
say that I understand that the abuses growing out
of the printing of the Post Office blanks have
arisen in consequence of the construction of one
of the Executive Departments of modern date.
The law upon the subject fixes the price of this
printing at one dollar for a page. I believe some
technical term is used which I do not understand.
Mr. FLORENCE. The term is one dollar per
thousand ems.
Mr. SHERMAuN. That is the expression.
An executive officer of the Government, in some
modern jjeriod, has construed this law to allow
the Printer to charge and receive pay for compo-
sition for every order for these blanks. For in-
stance: if the Department makes one order at nine
o'clock, another at twelve o'clock, and another at
three o 'clock, of the same day, the Printer is per-
mitted to charge composition for every order.
That is an abuse which was never sanctioned by
Congress, which was never known to Congress.
Certainly it was never known to me as a member
of Congress; and 1 believe it was never known to
the gentleman from Kentucky, or he would have
endeavored to have it corrected. The abuse is
due to the executive department, and to that de-
partment alone. The legislative department of
the Government is in no degree responsible for it.
It was not known to them until the present ses-
sion of Congress, and then the reform was imme-
diately made.
Mr. BURNETT. That does not touch the
point I was presenting to the House. If an ex-
ecutive officer has done this thing, and it is a vioc
lation of law, it could have been very easily cor-
rected; but I deny that it is a violation of the law
of 1852. It is strictly in accordance with the act
of 1852, which fixes the price to be paid for print-
ing these Post Office blanks at one dollar per
thousand ems; and, upon the same principle, the
Printer of this House, under that act, receives
double compensation; and that principle has ex-
isted and been carried out from the passage of
that act until the present time. Your Printer
under the Thirty-Fourth Congress, elected by
you, or rather, I believe, elected by this side of
the House, with your help, received pay upoa
the same principle; and so in reference to the
Printer of the Thirty-Fifth Congress.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 trust thatmy friend from
Kentucky will not charge upon me any responsi-
bility in connection with the election of Cornelius
