1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1559
try which is cmbiaced within the following limits,-to wit:
beginning at the point where the one hundred and second
meridian intersects the thirty-seventh parallel of noith lat-
itude, thence on said meridian until it intersects the forty-
second parallel of north latitude; thence wes-ton  aid par-
allel to the one hundred and thirteenth meridian of longi-
tude west of Greenwich; thence south on said meridian to I
the thirty-seventh parallel of north latitude ; thence on said
parallel to the place of beginning, be, and the same is
hereby, created and organized into a temporaiy govern-
ment, to be called the Territory of JefFersonia; and the pro-
visions of the act for llie organisation of the Territory of
Nebraska, appioved May 30, are hereby declared to
be the organic act of the «aid Territory of JeffVrsonia, with
the boundaries hereinbefore described, as fully as if the pro-
visions of said act were herein «ct forth and particularly
reenacted; and until the Legislature of said Territory thai!
otherwise provide, the seat of government of said Territory
shall be at Denver City.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the residue of
said Territory of Utah, bounded a.- follows: beginning at
a point on the forty-second parallel of north latitude, where
the one hundred" and thirteenth meridian of longitude
cro^se? the same ; thence eouth on the said meridian to the
thirty-seventh parallel of north latitude; thence west on
said parallel until it intersects the boundary of the State of
California; theneo, following the Kiid boundary, to the
forty-second parallel of north latitude; thence east on said
pai.iilel to tiie place of beginning, be, and the same is
hcjf'bv, cieated and organized into a temporary govern-
ment,'by the name of the Territory ot Nevada; and the
piovi-ions of the said act for the oiganization of the said
Teiritory of Nebraska, approved May 30, 1854, are hereby
declared to be the organic act of the said Tenitory of Ne-
vada, with the boundaries hereinbefore last described, as
fully as if the provisions of said act were herein set fotth
and particularly reenacted; and until the Legislature ot
said Territory shall otherwise piovide, the &eat of govern-
ment of the same shall be at Genoa.
Mr. MeCLERNAND called for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 36, nays 159; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Admin, Allen, Thomas L. Anderson,
Barrett, Bnggs, Bristow, Burch, Horace F. Clark, John 13.
Clark, Cobb," John Cochrane, Cox, J.amc-s Craig, Dim-
illicit, Florence, Foukc, Hindrnan. Holtnan, Howard. Lo- t
gan.Chailes I). Martin, McCiernand, Moytgoineiy, £*aac •
N. Morn*. Niblaek, Noell, Ptielps. Lliggs, James C. Uobm- I
son, Sickle*. Stevenson, Stout, Taylor, Thomas, Vailan- j
diaham, and Window—X. j
N'AYS Charles F. Adams, Green Adann, ;
Aldwch, Allev, William C. Andci^on, Ashley, A^l.inore, |
lirtl.bjtf- Harksilale. Ilcale, Bim'ham, Blair. Blako, Ho- ;
coc\, Bonham, Biabson, Branch. Biauon, Buflinton, i
Ciirlnmamc, Burnett, Bunouglv, Butt-nliehl, Campbell, i
Carey, Carter, Ca^e, Clopton, Clark B. Cochiane, Col-
fax, Conkling, Cooper, Covode, Crawford, Curry, Curtis,
Ii. Winter Davis, Dawes, De Jarnette, Delano, Duell,
Dunn, Edffeiton, Edwaul*, Eliot, Ely, Etheridge, Farn*-
worth, Fenton, Ferry, Foster, Frank, French, Gaitrell,
Gilmer, Graham, Grow, Gurley, Hale, Hall, Hamilton,
Ilaidemari. John T. Harris, Hawkins, flehmek, Hill,
Hoard, Houston, Hughe*, Humphrey. Hutchins, Jackson,
Jenkins, Jones Junkin, Keitt, FiancisW. Kellog?, William
Keiioas, Kenyon, Kilirore, Killings, Lamai, DeWitt C. i
Leacii.'Lee, Longneekei, Love, Lnvejoy, Milloiy, Mars-
ton. Eibert S. Mai tin, Mavnard, McKean, MeKnmht, Jlc-
riifi-on, McQueen, McRac, Mile-, Million, Laban T.
Mooie. Svd^n'uam Moore, Moorhead, Moirill, Edwaid Joy
Mom-. .Vior^e, Nelson, Ni.\on, Clin, Palmei, Pendleton,
Pi>rr\, SVttit. Potter. Potter. Pryor, Pugh,Uuarles, Reagan,
ft tee", Chiistopher Uohiii&ou, Royce, Rutfin, Schwartz,
Scranton. Sherman, Singleton, \\ illiam Smith, William
N. IJ. Smith, Spauldinsr, Spinner, Stalhvorth, Stanton,
Stevens. James A. Stewart, William Stewart, Stokes,
Stiatton, Tappan, Thayer, Theaker, Tompkins, Train,
Tumble'. Undeiwood, Vance, Vandever. Van VVyck, Ver-
ree. Waldron, Walton, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Elhhu
B. Wa«-hbuine, 1-rael Washburn, Webster, Wells, White-
ley, WiNon. Windom, Woodruff, and Woodson—lo9.
So the amendment was rejected.
During the vote,
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM said: With a pro-
test against the name Jetfersonia, I vote, " ay.'5
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed, and
read the third time.
The SPEAKER. The question now is upon
agreeing to the preamble.
Mr. MILLSON. 1 move to lay the preamble
upon the table.
Mr. SHERMAN". Lot us take a square vote
upon it.
Mr. MORRILL. Will not the motion to lay
the preamble on the table carry the bill with it, if
it prevails ?
The SPEAKER. A vote to lay upon the table
is equivalent to a negative vote.
Mr. BURNETT. Has the bill been passed? j
The SPEAKER. Not yet. The question is
upon the preamble.
Mr. MILLSON. Is not the preamble usually
voted on after the bill has been passed ? ^
The SPEAKER. No, sir. The Chair under-
stands the rule to be, that the preamble shall be
voted on before the bill is read a third time. The
preamble must be passed upon before the bill is
read a third time, or else it cannot be engrossed, i
Mr. MeCLERNAND. Is it too late now to
make a question on the preamble ?
The SPEAKER. It is too late.
Mr. COX. I call for the reading of the pre-
amble.
The Clerk read the preamble, as follows:
Whereas it is admitted that polygamy is pprmitted by the
municipal regulations of one of the Territories of this
Union, and is sought to be justified on the ground that this
abomination in a Christian country i* a religious rite of the
inhabiiant> of said Territory: and whereas no principle of
-elf-government or citizen sovereignty can require or jus-
tify the practice of such moral pollution : Therefore—
Mr. BRANCH. My understanding is that the
proper time to pass on the preamble is after the
bill has been ordered to bo engrossed and read a
third time, but before it has been actually en-
grossed.
The SPEAKER. That is the very course which
the Chair is pursuing. The bill has been ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time, but it has
not been read; and before it is read the third time,
the Chair supposes th'at the preamble must be
arranged.
Mr. MILLSON. I yesterday called for a sepa-
rate vote upon the preamble 111 case the Chair
should decidc that it was necessary that a separate
vote should be asked before the previous question
was seconded. I do not want to vote directly,
either affirming or denying anything 111 the pre-
amble. That would place the House in a false
position. I think that it would be better, there-
fore, to lay the preamble upon the table.
Mr. McCLERNARD. I thought the Chairde-
cided just now that it was not in order to take a
separate vote on the preamble.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that it
is not in order.
Mr. SHERMAN. I shall vote with the gen-
tleman from Virginia against the preamble; but I
submit whether, if his motion prevails, it will not
carry the bill to the table also?
Mr MILLSON. Oh, 110!
Mr. SHERMAN. I submit that question to
the Speaker.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that the
proper question is upon agreeing to the premable.
Mr. LOUAJN. Would it be m order to move
to postpone the preamble ?
The SPEAKER. It would not be in order.
Mr. COX. Would it not be in order to move
to lay the preamble upon the table ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has decided that
it would not be in order.
The question was taken on the preamble; and
it was disagreed to.
The bill being engrossed, was then read the
third time.
Mr. MeCLERNAND. 1 call for the yeas and
nays on the preamble.
Mr. BURNETT. It is too late. We have
passed from that question to another matter.
The SPEAKER. The question on the pream-
ble has been decided.
Mr. MeCLERNAND. I ask the yeas and
nays on the preamble.
The SPEAKER. It is too late.
Mr. BURNETT. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I move to reconsider the vote by which the
preamble was rejected; and to lay the motion to
reconsider upon the table.
Mr. MeCLERNAND. Stop, sir. I am not
to be thrust aside in this way.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from Kentucky is in order.
Mr. MeCLERNAND. He had no right to
take the floor from me.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman is mistaken.
! The Chair had decided that his motion was not
in order; and therefore he had 110 right to the floor.
Mr MeCLERNAND. The gentleman from
Kentucky so decided. I did.not hear the Chair
mo lee any decision on the question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposed that the
floor was open to any gentleman to whom the
Chair might assign it.
Mr. MeCLERNAND. I want now to hear
what decision the Chair makes on my demand
for the yeas and nays on the preamble.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decided that the
demand for the yeas and nays came too late.
The question was taken on Mr. Burnett's
motion; and it was agreed to.
So the motion to reconsider the vote by which
the preamble was rejected was laid upon the table.
Mr. THAYER. Is it in order for me now to
offer my amendment ?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order at this time,
the" bill having been engrossed and read the third
time. «,
Mr. NELSON. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I demand the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. If the gentleman
will strike out the wor3 "exclusive," I will go
for the bill.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object to striking out any
word.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 149, nays 60; as follows:'
YEAS—Messrs. Chailes F. Adams, Green Adams, Ad-
rain, Aldnch, Alley, Thomas L. Anderson, WilliamO. An-
derson, Ashley, Babbitt, Barr, Beale,Bmgham, Blair, Blake,
Boteler, Brabson, Braj ton, Briggs, Bnstow, Bufiinton, Bur-
lingame, Burnett, Burroughs, Butterfield, Campbell, Carey,
Carter, Case, Horace F. Clark, John B. Clark, Cobb, Clark
B. Cochrane, John Cochrane, Colfax, Conkling, Covode,
James Craig, Curtis, H. Winter Davis, Dawes, Delano,
Dnnmick, Duell, Durm, Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot, Ely,
Ethendge, Farnsworth, Featon, Ferry, Foster, Frank,
Fiench, Garnett, Gilmer, Graham. Grow, Gurley, Hale,
Hall. J. Morrison Harris, John T. Harris, Helmick, flick-
man. Hill, Hoard, Hughes, Humphrey, Hutchins, Jenkins,
Junkin, Francis VV. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Kenyon,
Kflgoie, KUhnger, Lamar, Larrabee, DeWitt C. Leach,
Lee, Longnecker, Loonus, Lovejoy, Mallorv, Marston,
Elbert S. Martin, Maynard, McKean, McKnight,McPhe>
son, Million, Milhvaid, Laf>an T. Moore. Moorhead, Mor-
rill, Edward Joy Morris,Morse, Nelson, Nixon, Ohn, Pal-
mer, Peny, Pottit, Porter, Potter, Pryor, Quartos. Reagan,
Rice, Clm-topner Robinson, Royce, Schwartz, Scranion,
Sherman, Sickles, Swims, Singleton, William N. H." Smith,
Spaulding, Spinnei, Stanton, Stevens, Stevenson, William
Stowait, Stokes, Stratton, Tappan, The&ker, Tompkins,
Tiain. Trimble, Underwood, Vance, Vandever, Van Wyck,
Yerree.Waldion,Walton. Cadwalader C.Washburn. Ellihu
B. Washhurw, Israel Washburn, Webster, Wells, Wilson,
Windom, Woodruff, and Woodson—149.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Ashmore, Barksdale, Barrett,
Cocock. Bonham, Boiilteny, Bovce, Branch, BujcIi, Clop-
ton. Cooper,Cox,Cratvfoid, Curry, Defcarnette, Florence,
FoukP, Gartrell, Hamilton, Hardeman, Haskin, llatton,
Hawkins, Hiudnian, llohnan, Houston. Howaid, Jackson,
Jones, Kent.Logan, Love, Charles D. Martin,MeClemand,
McUueen. McRae, Miles, Montgomery, Sydenham Moore,
Isaac N. Moiris, Niblack, Noell, Pendleton, Phelps, Pugh,
Itiggs, James C. Robinson, Ruffin, Scott, William Smith,
Staliworth, James A. Stewart, Stout, Taylor, Thayer,
Thomas, Vallandighain, Whiteley, and Winslow—60.
So the bill was passed.
During the vote,
Mr. SPINNER stated that when Mr. Davis,
of Indiana, left, he was paired with Mr. Phelps,
on the Kansas question, until next Monday.
Mr. LAMAR stated that his colleague, Mr.
Davis, was called home by sickness in his family,
and was paired with Mr. Moorhead.
Mr. HOLMAN stated that the pair of his col-
league, Mr. Davis, with Mr. Loomis was trans-
ferred to Mr. Sedgwick.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois, said: Believing that
we have no constitutional power to pass the bill,
and that if passed it will be of nci effect, and re-
main a dead letter upon the statute-boo'k, I vote
" no."
Mr. BARR stated that Mr. Maclay was paired
with Mr. Somes.
Mr. GtUARLES (when his name was called)
said: Mr. Speaker, having been cutoff by the previ-
ous question from cxpressingmy views at length on
this bill, I desire to say, that m voting for it I ex-
pressly repudiate any right in the Congress, under
the Constitution, either to abolish slavery in our
common Territories, or, by any action on its part,
to abridge or destroy the rights of slaveholders
in the Territories. It can, and should, preserve
the rights of property of all the inhabitants of a
Territory; but it cai/destroy none. The right to
punish crime cannot, and does not, carry with it
the power to destroy property, whether vested in
slaves or anything else.
Mr. WOODSON said: I desire to vindicate the
power and duty of Congress to punish crime, and
protect the rights of the people in the Territories;
and I vote " ay."
Mr. HATTON said: Mr. Speaker, the bill is
obnoxious to one objection, which, with me, is in
superablc: and an objection which my colleague,
[Mr. Nelson,] who reported the bill, was anxious
to remove by an amendment, but was not per-
mitted to do so. However much I might other-
wise be disposed to support the measure, the
