1560
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
objection I have referred to, but which, under the
rules of the House, I am not permitted to state,
constitutes a sufficient reason with me for voting
in the negative.
Mr.,COBB said: Mr. Speaker, I give my vote
with great doubt. If I err at all, I have the con-
sciousness that I err upon the side of morality.
I vote in the affirmative.
The vote was then announced, a^ above re-
corded.
Mr. MAYNAltD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the biil was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
• table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PUBLIC PRINTING}.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the rules be
suspended, and the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. HASKlN. I desire the gentleman will
yield to me to make a motion for the postpone-
ment of the further consideration of a special order
fixed for this day.
Mr. SHERMAN. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. HASKiN. I move that the further con-
sideration of the resolutions relative to the public
printing, reported from the Committee on Public
Expenditures, and which was .set down for this
day, be postponed until Thursday next.
The motion was agreed to.
JAPAN MINISTER.
Mr. BURLINGAME. -1 ask the unanimous
consent of the lioiwe to take from the Speaker's
table Senate resolution No. 23, m tcgard to the
minister fiom Japan.
There was no objection. The joint resolution
was read a first and second time, and, on motion
of Mr. Burungamk, refened to the Committee
on Foreign Aft'dirs.
CONTJCSTK L> KLJCCTI0 X.
Mr. 8fOKLE?S. Mr. Speaker, 1 rise to a ques-
tion of privilege.
Mr. SHERMAN. There can be no higher
quorum of privilege than the motion I submit to
go into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and 1 insist on its being put.
Mr. SICKLES. I desire to presentto the House
some papers in reference to the contest for my seat
upon this floor, between Mr."Williamson and my-
self, in order to have them referred to the Com-
mitter of Elections. Before they are referied, 1
ask that a portion of them, which I have maiked,
may be read. It will be ivmemhered that, on the
^lst of March last, this House passed a resolution
requiring Mr. Williamson to serve upon t'ne a
particular statement of the grounds upon which
lie asserted his claim to my seat. On Saturday
last I received from him a paper purporting to be
such a statement. The paper is substantially a
mere repetition of the petition heretofore presented
to the House and, of course, if the House did not
require something more to be served on mo than
a mere rehearsal of the contents of that petition,
it would not lmve required him to serve a further
paper. I hold his notice in my hand. I have
prepared a specification of the objections to that
notice, showing its insufficiency and the impossi-
bility for me to take issue upon it, or to proceed
to take testimony upon it. I desire to have this
papericad.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 submit whether this is a
question of privilege. Jt is a matter for the Com-
mittee of Elections.
Mr. SICKLES. U touches the right of a mem-
ber to a seat upon this floor; and therefore, it, is
a question of high privilege.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not sec how, in this
incidental way, we can go into the validity of this
. notice.
Mr. SICKLES. I wish the House to know
the character of the papers I submit; and then
to have them referred to the Committee of Elec-
tions.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to the
reference.
Mr. SICKLES. There are portions of the
papery that I deem it material should be read.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 object to the reading of
the papers. Itwill unnecessarily consume the time
of trie House. Let the papers go to the Commit-
tee of Elections; and when it is proper to bring
the mattei\hefore the House for its consideration,
that committee, which has the power toareportat
any time, will submit its report.
Mr. SICKLES. The papers are not volumin-
ous. I desire the nature of the objections made,
as well as the character of the notice, to be under-
stood by the House.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 douotthinkthatitis proper
to have the papers read at this stage of the pro-
ceedings. I object.
Mr. SICKLES. I have the light to have the
papers read. I insi&t that they be read as a por-
tion of my speech.
Mr. BURNETT. It seems tome that the pro-
position is one of the highest privilege. It touches
his right to a scat upon this floor. Even leaving
that point out of view, we have the right to have
a paper read which it is proposed to refer.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that the gentleman is entitled to have the paper
read.
The Clerk, read as follows;
In the matter of the Third Congressional District.
Ainor J. Williamson, contestant, ~i
against >
Daniel E. Su-IUes, sitting member. )
Sir: You will please take notice that upon the paper
seivcd upon mi' in your behalf on 2?atuulay the31st ultimo,
puipoiting to be the paitieulai " starement of the grounds
ol said contest," requued by the resolution of the House of
llepiesjentatives, passed t21st ultimo, and upon the exhibit
A, a copv of winch is herewith saved upon you, 1 shall
apply to the Committee of Elections on Thuwlav, the 5th
oi April, instant,at eleven o'clock, a. in., at the Capitol m
the city of Washington, or as soon thereaiter as the paitie^>
can be heaid, for an order lequuing > on to make your state-
ment moto paitieulai, specific, and ceitani; and in default
thereof, that all the averments of your statement be stiicken
out as indefinite, insufficient, and immaterial; ami that
such onlcr shall direct what fuither notice shall lie given,
and within what limits the investigation shaJJ be confined ;
and al.so what fuithertnne tdmll be allowed the paities, or
either of them, tor such notioc and the auswertheicto, and
toi sijc-h other and tinther tehef as to the committee and
tlx House of Representatives may seem just and pioper.
You will please take notice that a paiheular reference is
made in the annexed exhibit A to the portions of your state-
ment deemed insufficient.
Very tespeetfully, D. E. SICKLES.
To Amor J. Williamson, Esq.
NEW YORK, vfyrii 2, 18G0.
Exhibit A.
In the matter of the Thiid Congressional District of New
York.
Amor J. Williamson, contestant, i
against s
Daniel E. Sickles, sitting member. )
The undersigned, Daniel E. Sickles, a Representative in
Congiesi iiom the .State of New Yoik, respectfully repre-
sent-, :
That, on the i21st of March ultimo, the [louse of Repre-
sentatives hv ie-<.|ution, requued Amor J. Williamson to
scivc upon the undersigned, within ten days fiom the pas-
sage ol the said tesolimou.a particulai statement of the
gtound* upon which said Williamson contests the ught of
the undersigned as the Representative tor the third district
ot the State of New Yoik ;
That tiie undeisigned was also, by the said resolution,
required to answer such notice within twenty days there-
alter ;
That thereupon the panics were to be allowed sixty days
to take testimony upon the issues thus joined;
That, on the 2-tth of Maich ultimo, the said Amor J. Wil-
liamson, iu his newspaper,called the Weekly Dispatch,
published in the said city, printed an article inthe editorial
columns of.  aid papei, of, and concerning, said controversy,
the concluding paiaginph of which solicited uifoimation
from any and all pcisotis, which would enable said Wil-
liamson to support the allegations in his petition presented
to the House on the <)th of t'obiuaiy ultimo, which para-
giaph is in the woid- following, to wit*
In tin1 mean time, all pames interested in this case,on
behalf of the contestant, are invited to communicate with
Allied Melntwe, Esq , attorney at law, whose office is at
No 929 Broadway. The contestant feels confident that he
will he able to more than sub-tantiate all the allegations
in his petition ; but, at the same tune, lie begs to say thru
he will be obliged to his friends and the citizens of the dis-
tnct foi all mf'oimatmn which, m then judgment, may aid
him in this contest. If lie can set at all the facts so as to
be able to lay iheni before the House of Repiesentatives at
the end of ninety days, ho leels satisfied that tlieie will be
no hesitation on the p.ut of that body to do justice to the
thud congressional district
That the undcr.-igned waited in the cit> of Washington
unt'l Thuwhn evening last, r29tii ultimo, to receive fli" said
notice fiom Mr. Williamson, but not receiving the same,
and having occasion to go to the city of New Yoik. the
undesigned intormed the ebauioan of tiie Committee ol*
Elections, Hon. John A. (J-ii.mkr, of hi* intention to be ab-
sent in the city of New York, duung the following week,
and authouzed and requested Mi. Gilmlr to receive and
accept service of notice for the undesigned ;
That on the evening of the 31st ultimo, inthe city of
New York, it being the last day upon which notice a* afore-
said could be seived, and not having received anv nonce
from Mr. Williamson, the undersigned sent to Mr. William-
son's- place of hiu>me > to inquire whether he intended to
serve any notice upon the undersigned, and if so, that he
would wait until five o'clock, p.m., at the office of the
city inspector, for the service of the same ;
That soon afterwards, the counsel of the said William-
son, Alfred McJntyre, E-q , and another p'rt-on, came to
the said office and served upon the undesigned a paper
purporting to be the particular statement ot' the ground- of
said contest, required by said resolution to be served as
aforesaid;
That the said paper is substantially a repetition of the
contents of the petition heretofoie piesented by, and on
behalf of, paid Williamson to the House, containing only
vague, indefinite, and general allegations;
That tile allegations in said statement arc not sufficiently
definite to show that they, or any of them, are material ;
that no issue of tact can be framed upon them; that the
saul allegations are so general that they can only be met by
admissions or denials of an equally vague and sweeping
character;
Thar the said statement charges that many illegal votes
were polled, but does notgivethe name oi one illegal voter;
That the election took place on the 2d day of November,
1858;
That the poll-books containing the names of all the per-
sons who voted at the several places where the polls were
held in said district, are, and ever since have been, on file
in the office of the county clerk of New Yoik ;
That either the said Williamson has no inioimation or
knowledge or any illegal votes having been polled, upon
winch he can base a charge against the undersigned, or else,
having such knowledge or information, he conceals and
withholds it from the undeisigned;
That said Williamson should be required either to aban-
don charges which he cannot particularly specify, or else
to disclose the paiticulars of them, so as to enable the un-
dersigned to a.sceitam whether thev aie tiue or not, and
thereupon to admit oi deny them in hi-> aiiMvei;
That the said Williamson chaiges that hands were piac-
tieed by the inspector and canvassers, in all the election
precincts in tlieseveial ward>compnsing the congiessional
di-trict;
That five wards of the citv, to wit: the first, second,
third, fifth, and eighth, are embraced in the third congres-
sional district ;
That the flist ward contained fiveelcction precinct^ ; the
second ward contained two; the third waid contained four;
the fifth ward, six, and the eighth waid contained eleven
election precincts, in all of which polls- woic held ;
That m each of said election precincts there weie tinee
inspector, and also three canva-^ers—officers duly elected
or appointed, and authorized by law to act, and who did act
in their icspcctive districts ;
That although the statement of Mr. Williamson charges
generally upon the eighty-four inspectors and the eigiity-
l nr canvas-ers, acting in the twenty-eight election pre-
cincts embraced within the said congiessional di-trict, vari-
ous acts of fraud and criminal misconduct in and about the
said election, yet no specific act is charged against any one
inspector or canvasser, nor is arty inspector or canva^cr
designated by name as having been guilty ol any illegal or
nnpiopei aet ; nor is it alleged that a sufficient number of
votes were lo*t to the said Williamson, oi gained by the un-
dersigned, in consequence of the misconduct ehanred, to
oveieome the pluialitvofone hundred and sixty one' votes
received hy the undersigned ;
That out of the twenty eight election precincts embraced
within the said concessional district, onlvtwo poeincts,
namely: the third and fomth pieeinets of thtf first waid,aie
partn ularly specified in the descnption of fraudulent p o-
ceedtngs contained m tiie contestant's statement, although
the like charges are made in general temw as to all the pre-
cincts ; not is it alleged how many votes the contestant lo-t,
or tiie sitting member gamed, by any illegal a< t done in the
siud third and fouith precincts of the tir^t ward;
That it is said hy the contestant that soldier-, sailors, ma-
rine:,, and other persons iu the seivice of the United States,
and then sfationed at or near the *aid third district, voted
illegally at said election, but the name of no oneot said pi e-
tended illegal voters is given, nor is it .stated in what elec-
tion precincts such votes were polled ;
That it is said that voters were induced b\ bribes paid by
the agents of the undersigned to deposit then ballots lor him,
yet no smh agent is designated, nor is the name given of
anv voter so bribed, nor is it stated in what precinct any
such vote was deposited;
That it is said that inspectors, whose duty it is toiecoive
the votes during the election, were imbed to dopi,v<> the
contestantot ballots intended for him, and to give the sit-
ting membei ballots not intended for In m ; but of the euriity-
fum inspectors thus vaguely impugned, not one is specified ;
That it is alleged that canvases, whose duty itis at the
close oi the polls to icceive the ballot boxes from the in-
spector and to count the ballots, defiauded the contestant
outoi ballots cast for him, and counted ballot* for the sit-
ting member which wete not given to the sitting membei ;
yet of the eighty four canvassers so charged in a general
wav, not one is designated ;
That it i  asscited that persons voted mote than once at
said election ; but it is not alleged m which of the many
pieeinets j]us occurred, nor is the name of any person
given who voted more than once;
That the undersigned has no knowledge or information
of anj of the tiaudulcnt occurrences thus vaguelv men-
tioned in the said notice; that he has no rea-on to believe,
and does not believe, that any such tnir-conduct vvai com-
mut< d by anv of the inspectors or canva-seis or otheis
chaigei!; and that all the contestant's pretended grievances,
so far as they arc imputed to the undersigned, or to agents
cmploved or authorized bv him. are without foundation and
wholly unlrue ; and that the undersigned has no knowledge
or information of any illegal vote given to, obtained lot, or
received by him at said election ; but that, on the conti.uy,
the undersigned is informed, and believe*, tiiat he was
vviongfully defiauded of mam votes at «aid election, as he
will in dm time particularly allege and prove.
Very respectfully, D. E. SICKLES.
IIousf of Represkntatives,
Washington, 2d *dp'ilf 1860.
