1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Statk of New Yokk, )
Cif, and Comit> oi New York, $ss*
Ai red Dui-enbcrry, of said rity, being duly sworn, doth
dppo--* and - ay : that on thi.s 3d day or' April,*1830, ho per
soual'y H-rvi'd upon Amor J. Williamson, E-q., the con-
testant nawd in the foregoing notice and exhibit annexed,
a copj of «aid notice and exhibit, by di'hvermg tbra ;-aiue
to hint at his otfire, No. 22 Bookman street, in s.tid city.
ALFRED S. DUSENBERilY.
Sworn betoie me April '3, 18(50-
R. C. Dovvnixo, Commissioner of Deeds.
The SPEAKER. The Chair having heard
the paper read, is satisfied that it has nothing1 to
do with the question before the House, and that it
ought not to have been read.
Mr. SICKLES. I move that the papers be
referred to the Committee of Elections. 1 wish
to add one or two observations with reference to
the papers now before the House, which I have
the right to do.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object.
The motion to refer the papers to the Committee
of Elections was put, and stated to be agreed to.
Mr. SICKLES. I do not mean to trespass
upon the indulgence of the House; but really I
believe that I have the right to make the state-
ment I propose now to submit. I move that the
papers be printed. Nothing has occurred to take
from the question its character of privilege. I
am not disposed to ask more than is due to me
as a member of this House, and I am not willing
to submit to anything less. I have pres< rued a
question of privilege—a question of the highest
grade. I regret that any matter appertaining to
myself merely should interfere with the progress
of the business of the House; but I will not yield
any of my legitimate rights. 1 will now ask the
attention of the House to the character of the no-
tice.
Mr. SHERMAN. I rise to a ljoint of order,
and ask for the Chair's decision. Is the gentle-
man in order? #
The SPEAKER. This subject has been re-
ferred to the Committee of Elections. If the gen-
tleman desires to have another paper referred, it
is proper for him to do so; but he cannot go on,
and discuss a question which has been sent to the
Committee of Elections. The question is not up
for consideration at this time.
Mr. SICKLES. It is in order for a member to
comment upon any paper which it is proposed to
refer. Tins is done every day, and never more
frequently than during this session, and always
without objection.
Mr. STEVENSON. I desire that the gentle-
man from Ohio shall state his question of order.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is what I desire to do,
if I can have the floor. u
Mr. STEVENSON. Because this is an im-
portant question. If the Chair rules that the right
of a member to his seat upon the floor is not a
privileged question, let us understand it.
Mr. BINGHAM. I call the gentleman from
Kentucky to order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has referred the
paper to the Committee of Elections.
Mr. SICKLES. I was upon the floor, pro-
ceeding with my remarks. I had barely made
the motion to refer the paper; and it was compe-
tent for me to proceed with, and conclude, my
remarks, before the Chair could put the question
on the motion to refer.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
New York state that he addressed the Chair,
desiring to make remarks before the paper was
referred ?
Mr. SICKLES. I do, sir.
The SPEAKER, Then the gentleman will
proceed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I rise to a
question of order. 1^ the gentleman from New
York docs not appeal from the decision of the
Chair, he has no right to debate the question.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. SICKLES. The gentleman has not the
floor to make that motion. The gentleman took
the floor upon a question of order.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I do not think
it is a matter of much importance that the gentle-
man from New York should not proceed with his
re-marks; but I think it is important that the rules
of the House should not be trampled down.
Mr. ADRAIN. I hope the House will submit
1561
. to the decision of the Speaker. The Speaker has
decided, as I understand it, that the gentleman
from New Y->rk is entitled to proccid.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I make the
question of order that he is not entitled to pro-
ceed. It is a violation of the rules of the House,
i Mr. SICKLES. The Chair has already de-
| cided that I have the right to proceed, if the
! gentleman from Maine means to take an appeal,
let him do so.
Mr. WASJIBURN, of Maine. If that is the
decision of the Chair, I appeal from his decision.
I call for the yeas and nays upon the motion. I
want to see whether the House will allow the
; gentleman from New York to break down its
rules.
| The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that the
' paper having been received, it is open to debate,
and that the gentleman from New York is entitled
1 to proceed upon the motion to refer
Mr. STEVENSON. Does the gentleman from
Maine appeal from that decision?
Mr. W ASHBURN, of Maine. I do appeal from
the decision of the Chair; and I hope the House
will overrule the decision
Mr. PHELPS. I move to lay the appeal on
the table.
-Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I call for the
yeas and nays upon that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I rise to ask a ques-
tion for information. 1 wish to know whether I
undei stand the question upon which we are to vote.
1 understand the paper presented by the gentle-
man from New York to have been received by the
•House. The gentleman from New York moves
to refer the paper to the Committee of Elections;
and proposes to discuss that motion. Is the prop-
osition to deprive the gentleman of his right to
speak ?
The SPEAKER. The subject is proposed to
be referred to the Committee of Elections. The
gentleman from New York claims the right to
make his remarks upon the motion to refer, stat-
ing to the Chair that he desired to address the
House, and was proceeding to do so before the
question was put upon that motion.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Objection being made at the
time to its bcimr read.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not under-
stand objection to have been made to the reading.
Mr. DAWES. The situation of this question
is this 
Mr. STEVENSON. I call the gentleman from
Massachusetts to order.
Mr. DAWES. I ask for the decision of the
Chair whether I am in order.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. HOUSTON. Can I ask the Chair a ques-
tion ?
The SPEAKER.
Mr. HOUSTON
Debate is not in order.
I do not propose to debate.
I only desire to ask a question for information.
Mr. DAWES. I call the gentleman to order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I merely desire to know
whether the question raised by the gentleman
from New York was received as a question of
privilege ?
The SPEAKER. It was received as a ques-
tion of privilege.
Mr. DAWES. But the paper has been re-
ferred, and all this is an after-matter.
Mr. SICKLES. Not at all. The paper has
not been referred. It could not be. I was upon j
the floor, and no question could be put. ;
ENROLLED BILL. j
Mr. THEAKER, from the Committee on En- !
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had ex- j
amincdand found truly enrolled an act (H. R. No. <
242) for the relief of the legal representatives of i
Robert H. Morris, late postmaster of the city of |
New York; when the Speaker signed the same, j
NEW YORK CONTESTED ELECTION AGAIN. !
The question was taken on Mr. Phelps's mo- i
tion; and it was decided in the affirmative—yeas |
95, nays 77; as follows: ;
YEAS—Me«r -. Green Adams, Adrain. Allen, Thomas ■
L. Anderson, Ashuiore, Barrett, Blake, Bocock, IWek'i, |
Boulignj. Boyee, Biab^on, Branch, Bristow, Horace F. ■
Clark, John B. Clark, Ciopton, Cobb, John Cochrane, j
Cooper, Cox, lames Craig, Crawford, Curry, II. Wmtci ]
Davis, De Janiettc, Dimmiek, EtUeruige. Florence, Fouke, ;
Garnett, Gartrell, Gilmer, Hamilton, Hardeman, J Mor-
riison Harris John T. Harris Uauon, Hawkins Hill, .
Ilindiuan, Houston, Howard, Hughes, Jackson, Jones,
Keitt, Lamar, Larrabee, Logan, Love,Mallosy,Chains D.
Martin, Elbert S. Martin, McOlernand, McQueen, Mcltae,
M ies, MiUson, Montgomery, Labari T. Moore, Sydenham
Moore, Nel.-o«gy Niblaek. Noeli, Pettit. Phelps Pryor,,
Stratton, Taylor, Theaker, Thomas, Trimble. Under-
wood, Valiandigham, Vance, Wvbt-ter, Whiteley, Wmdom,
WinMow, and Woodruff— C5.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Aldrich, Alley, Wil-
liam C. Anderson, Beale. Blair, Brayttm, Buffinton, Bur-
lingame, Burroughs Butterfield, Campbell, Carter, Case,
Ciaik B. Cochrane, Conklmg, Covodo. Dawes Delano,
Duel!, Dunn, Edgerton, Cnot, Elv, Faiiuwoith, Fonton,
, Ferry, Fo&ter, Frank, French. Graham,Grow, Hall. Iloaid,
Hutching Junkm, Francis W. Keliojy. WiiLam Kellopg,
Kenyon, Kilgoie, Killmger, DeWitt ('"."Leach, Lee, Long-
nicker, Loonns Loveio>, MelCf-an. McKmght, Moorh^ad,
Edward Joy Morris, Morse, Ohn, Palmer, Perrj, Po.ter,
Potter, Rice, Christopher Robmson, Ro\ee, Scianton,
Sherman, Spaulding, Spinner, Stevens, Thayer, Tompkins,
Train, Van YVyck, \ erree, Waldion, Walton, Cadwaiader
C. Washburn, EILlm B. Washbume, Israel Washburn,
Wells, and Wilson—77.
So the appeal from the decision of the Chair
was laid on the table.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move that the House ad-
journ.
Mr. SICKLES. The gentleman has not the
floor for any such purpose.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York has the floor, and will proceed.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I rise to a question of order.
I have made the motion to adjourn, and I want
to know why it is not submitted to the House?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman had not the
floor to make tlu* motion.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I was recognized by the
Chair, and made the motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair gave the floor to
the gentleman from New York, and it could not
be taken from him by the gentleman for that pur-
pose. The Chair may have looked at the gentle-
man, but he did not give him the floor.
Mr. SICKLES. I desire to say, for the in-
formation and gratification of gentlemen who have
consumed the last half hour in insisting upon the
call of the roll, that I should have concluded my
remarks long ago, if I had not been interrupted.
Indeed, Mr. Speaker, I did not intend to occupy
the time of the House for more than ten minutes.
Now, sir, I will proceed to call the attention of
the House to some of the recent facts attending
this attempt to impeach my right to a seat upon
this floor. Mr.Wilhamson, after coming hereand
stating, over hisown signature, that he was in pos-
session of facts which would show that my elec-
tion was obtained by fraud, and after the House,
upon this representation, had passed a resolution
giving him the opportunity of proving his allega-
tions, goes to New York and advertises for in-
formation.
Mr. EDWARDS. I rise to a question of order.
I understand the rule of the House to be that de-
bate must be confined to the motion pending.
That question is simply one of reference, to which,
I understand, there is no objection upon the part
of the House. I object to any debate, except that
which is strictly confined to the motion to reft r.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the
practice to have been in the House, that when
there is a motion to refer, and also a motion to
print, the question is open to general debate upon
the merits of the proposition.
Mr. DAWES. Both motions cannot be pend-
ing at the same time.
Mr. SICKLES. Oh yes they can.
Mr. DAWES. The motions to refer and print
are separate .motions, and cannot both be made at
once.
The SPEAKER. They are both before tho
House.
Mr. DAWES. That cannot be. Which mo-
tion does the gentleman make?
The SPEAKER. He makes them both.
Mr. DAWES. How many motions can a gen-
tleman submit at the same time ?
Mr. SICKLES. I have submitted both mo-
tions, and I now propose to discussr them.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York is entitled to the floor, and will proceed.
Mr. SICKLES. I was proceeding to say that,
having obtained the permission of the House to
take testimony, based upon the assurance that he
was already prepared with facts which would en-
able him to substantiate his charges, the contestant
goes to New York, and solicits, through his news-
