-I860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I believe my colleague appreciated at the time, as
he said that he did, the motive which prompted me.
Mr. PRYOR. Unquestionably, I aid appreciate
at the time the motive which prompted the inter-
position of my colleague. Appreciating it, I did
not then, nor have I since, thought any rebuke
was intended
Mr. MILLSON. I will remark, farther, that
there ware, as I conceived, other transgressions
of order on the day kfelt it to be my duty to call
my colleague to order; and when they occurred, I
determined—and I had announced the determina-
tion a few days before upon another occasion—I
determined, with a view, if possible, of arresting
that sort of discussion which might possibly lead
to calamitous results, to avail myself of the first
opportunity, and I was glad that the opportunity
was afforded in the person of my colleague; for 1
then supposed that no one could misunderstand
the feelings which prompted the interposition.
Mr. PRYOR. The explanation of my colleague
in reference to the issue between him and myself,
provoked by the language of the New York
Herald, is perfectly satisfactory. There does, how-
ever, remain another issue between my worthy
colleague and myself, and upon that I have a word
to submit. I understand my colleague now to
maintain, that the use of the term false m the con-
nection with which I employed it in debate, was
an unparliamentary word—a word for which I
might justly have been called to order. Upon that
I take issue, and I propose to vindicate myself,
in a very few words, from any infiaction of the
dignity of the House or the rules of parliamentary
discussion.. You will remember that the epithet
occurred in this connection; (and allow mc to as-
sure my colleague, that it was not from any im-
pulse of irritation, but that I deliberately and
discriminately used the term, and the term was
designedly repeated after his interruption;) as I
conceive the honorable gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Hickman] had inflicted an injurious,
unfounded, and untrue imputation upon the char-
acter of the South, of my constituents, and my col-
leagues from the slaveholding section, and under
that impression, I traversed his allegation and stig-
matized his statement as false. The question is,
was that a violation of parliamentary decorum ? I
say not. Common sense will tell you so, because
the use of the word " false,,5 does not necessarily
imply an insult. A statement may be false, and
yet the person making it may not have intended
to utter an untruth.
But, leaving that point, I demand of gentlemen
here whether, in their own experience and famil-
iarity with parliamentary law, there be any epi-
thet of contradiction more frequently and more
uninterruptedly used than this word false," as
applied to a statement? Why, if you will but
advert to the speeches of Fox, of Burke, and other
eminent English orators, you will find it frequently
occur; and if you will refer to the orators of our
own country, Randolph and Clay and their com-
peers andcotcmporancs, you will observe the word
m frequent and unquestioned employment. I
might call the attention of my colleague to the fact,
which, no doubt, ho has ol served, that since the
beginning of this session, the term " false" has
been applied to the statements of gentlemen upon
this floor at least twenty times. I might call his
attention to the fact that the honorable gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Dams] characterized and de-
nounced as false a statement of an honorable col-
league of his upon the other sule of the floor; and
instead of being reproved and rebuked, he was
rewarded by unanimous and vociferous cheers
upon this side. And in the very dobate which
occurred between the honorable gentleman from
Pennsylvania and myself, or rather in the prelude
to that debate, T understand—for I did not know
the fact at the time—that Mr. McCleii-vand him-
self stigmatized the statement of the honorable
gentleman from Pennsylvania as '• false." And
on the day subsequent, every member here heard
the honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Montgomery] repel a statement of a colleague of
his upon the other side of the House, as a false-
hood; and he was not questioned or rebuked.
Why was it reserved to me, a young member,
betrayed, as intimated by my colleague, by an
impulsive nature, into the use of this word, to be
rebuked ? I say I am a little mortified that I am
a solitary exception to the uniform rule, and that
[ should be held up as guilty of a breach of the
Ml
dignity and decorum of this House for that which
other men commit with perfect impunity.
A word upon another point. The editor of
the Herald says this rebuke met with the con-
currence of my colleagues and other Represent-
atives from the South. Upon that I have but a
solitary word. Whether or not the allegation be
true, I have no knowledge; for I have instituted
no inquiry to ascertain if my conduct be ratified
by my colleagues and other Representatives from
the South. I did not institute that inquiry for
the reason that, while I should be very happy to
have the approbation of my colleagues from Vir-
ginia, and the Representatives of the South gen-
erally, 111 any incident of my conduct here, yet I
do not feel myself at liberty to question whether
or not I hnve that approbation. 1 stand upon my
own sense of right and my own consciousness of
dignity, and ask the sympathy and support of
nobody.
Mr. HOWARD, I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to yield me the floor for a personal
explanation.
Mr. BABBITT. I will yield for that purpose.
Mr. HOWARD. I hold in my hand an extract
from the correspondence of the New York Ex-
press, which I send to the Clerk's desk to bo read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
'' Washington, Januanj 18.
" The Senate elected its Printer yesterday. General Bow-
man, ot Mr. Buchanan's organ, the Constitution, is the
pei>on who was elected. The struggle preliminary to that
result harl been Ions and seveie. Several Democratic Sen-
ator< opposed General Bowman, and some of them with
great seventy. Senator Blown made startling points upon
him, charging corruption, which, impliedly at least, in-
volved the Administration to a large amount, as connected
with the General and the Constitution, the Pennsyivamun,
and the Philadelphia Argus.
" An outside power cooperated with the opposing Dem-
ocrats and otheis, that was more feclmzhj concerned in the
deteat of the General than were such Senators as the Hon.
Motsrs. Brown, Pugh, and otheis. Wendell wielded that
outside power. But he did not act for lnmself alone, nor
ot himself alone control certain elements* in the senatorial
opposition. Weed was his silent partner. The share of the
spoils that were to mure to the i old man5 has not tians-
pued.
" The capital he was to furnish was the votes ol certain
Republican Senators. The party return that was to be made
to lnm, the withdrawal, through Wendell's influence, from
the floor of the House, when the House should be about to
vote for a Speaker, (either by the adoption of the pluiality
resolution or directly,) of six Democratic Representatives.
The names given of the gentlemen who were to be so with-
drawn, and thereby the election of Sherman permitted,
were the Hon. Messrs. ALLPM,Cox,and Howard, of Ohio;
the Hon. Mr. Cooper, ofMichigan,theHon.JVIr.McCLER-
nand, of Illinois, and that of another honorable member
ftom the West. It is not believed these gentlemen were
privy to the trafficking use that was made of their names."
Mr. HOWARD. I wish, Mr. Clerk, to have
it thoroughly understood by the House that I do
nothing negatively. So far as my vote for Speaker
is concerned, whenever I feel disposed to give it
toNmy colleague, Mr. Sherman—whom I con-
sider a perfect gentleman—it shall be placed on
the record ; but that cannot be done, for we are
antipodes in politics. I do not want the impres-
sion to go abroad that I shall give any candidate
my negative support by leaving the Iiouse. When
I wish to favor the election of a gentleman, 1 will
give him my vote directly.
So far as Mr. Wendell is concerned, I have
never seen that gentleman, and would not know
him if I were to meet him. But I understand from
my colleague, [Mr. Cox,] who is implicated with
me in the same article, that he has seen Mr. Wen-
dell, and that Mr. Wendell says there is no foun-
dation for the report; that he went to sec the cor-
respondent who furnished it, (Mr. Walker,) and
that Mr. Walker says he did not get the impres-
sion from him, hut from flying rumors. iVow, I
say that there is not the slightest foundation for
any such impression. I never had n. conversation
with Mr. Wendell, or any one else, on the sub-
ject; and I do not suppose that Mr. Wendell, or
any other gentleman, intended to implicate me in
any such arrangement. I do not want any cor-
respondent or reporter to make any allegation con-
cerning me, until he knows from myself whether
it is true. I am determined, in this* and every
other case, never to do anything negatively, but
directly. Whatever votes I give in this House
shall stand on the record against mc.
I desire to say a word further concerning a few
observations which I made the other evening, and
which were reported in the Globe. After I read
them, I was not satisfied with them myself. I
observed,on thatoccasion, that whenever! wished
my opinions to be known, I would express,them
myself; and that 1 did not wish mycollcaguc [Mr
Cox] to make any statement for mo. I did not
intend thereby to be understood as intimating any-
thing but what was very friendly to my colleague •
but I wish, under ali circumstances,'to do these
things for myself. If I were to have it done by
deputy, I would as soon have it done for mo by
my colleague as by any other gentleman in the
House.
Now, one word further——
Mr. COX. Will my colleague allow mc to say
a word hero ?
Mr. HOWARD. Certainly.
Mr. COX. I think my colleague may have left
the impression, by the remark he made q, moment
ago, that I went to see Mr, Wendell about this
business. I did not do anything of th© kind. I
did not care anything about it. These reports
are of no sort of consequence to me. Mr. Wen-
dell came and called mc om. of the House sincc
we met this morning, and informed me that ho
had traccd this report down to its author. Ho
said he went to the man who wrote that letter to
the New York Express. That man is a secretary
of the Union cltjb m this city; a sort of parasite
by the name of Walker; not General Walker,
none of that clan, but a sort of correspondent who
"lays around" here, coaxes and honeyfugglcs
around members all the time, and then goes off
and slanders them; picks out little tit-bits here
and there in conversation, and sends them all over
the coumry. He is hardly worthy of notice. Mr.
Wendell says he traccd the report down to this
man, and that he denied he got the story from
lum, (Wendell,) and could give no authority for
the statement, it was a sort of rumor which lie
(Walker) said that he had picked up. I doubt if
he ever picked it up. It was likely made by him-
self. It is a part of a system of lying here on
northwestern Democrats for a very significant
purpose.
Mr. HOWARD. It is true, as niy colleague
has stated, that Mr. Wendell called him out and
told him he had traced the report to its author.
As I said before, I wish it understood that when-
ever I wish to assist the election of the Republi-
can candidate for Speaker, [Mr. Sherman,] I shall '
put my vote 011 record. But we are antipodes in
politics. I do not expect to help to elect nim,but
expect to resist his election to the last.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I hope the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Babbitt,] will allow
me a single moment for a personal explanation.
I have been referred to in debate, and wont to say
a word.
One of my colleagues, Mr. PARVswoETii,from
the Chicago district, has seen proper this morning
to allude to a little passage at arms that occurred
between himself and another one of my colleagues,
Colonel McClernand, from the Springfield dis-
trict, and to intimate that the Democratic delega-
tion from Illinois were not willing to have all the
resolutions, passed by the Democratic convention
which assembled in that State on the 4th instant,
read before the House and spread 011 its Journal.
Wow, I remember very well what occurred be-
tween my colleagues the other day. The gentle-
man from the Chicago district only asked that one
additional resolution should be read; and that one
was the resolution referring to the decision of the
Supreme Court, wherein the opinion is expressed
that the Democracy of Illinois do not believe it
was the intention of the court, in the Drcd Scott
case, to decide that the people ofa Territory had
not the right to settle the question of slavery for
themselves, inasmuch "as there -was no fact, no
law, nothing before them 011 which they could
decide that point.
That was all the additional resolution that the
gentleman from the Chicago district requested to
be read. -My friend from the Springfield district
had, as lie has said, read just such resolutions as
had a bearing 011 tin: subject which he was then
discussing before the House. Now, if the gen-
tleman from the Chicago district had recollected,
as he ought to have done, he would have known
that a day or two before that, in a discussion that
occurred between myself and the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Underwood,] I had read, as a part
of my remarks, the very resolution which he called
on my colleague [Mr. McClernakd] to have
read—and there was no necessity of placing it on
the record again. He must, if he looked over the
