1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
means, I think, of corruption, that will smell badly
in the nostrils of the people. It will, sir, in my
judgment, be a heavy drag upon the Treasury.
"Hence I shall vote against it.
If my friend from Virginia wants to read any
evidence, I will yield to him for that purpose.
Mr. PRYOR. I will wait until the gentleman
gets through.
Mr. BURNETT. I care not whether it be read
or not. If there be such evidence as the gentle-
man has stated, I have not seen it. I would like
to see it, if it exists.
Mr. PRYOR. I am advised by a gentleman
familiar with the rules, that, unless I avail myself
of the courtesy of the gentleman from Kentucky,
I will not have another opportunity.
Mr. BURNETT. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. PRYOR. I promise by declaring that I
have made no attack upon the President what-
ever. I was exhibiting the effect of an abuse
which clamored for redress, pertinently to my
argument in favor of the substitute offered by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Gurley.]
But my friend from Kentucky declares, with
some appearance of indignation, thatlain running
a muck against the President. If I chosc, I would
attack the President of the United States as soon
as I would the humblest citizen in the country. I
ask no odds of him. I am an independent Rep-
resentative of one hundred thousand freemen, the
peer of Presidents and Cabinet counselors; and
any menace or blandishment from an Administra-
tion 1 spurn with equalcontemptandindignation.
In this, if in nothing else, like Alexander the
Great, who would only contend at the Olympian
games if kings were his competitors, I would rather
leap to an encounter with the President of the Uni-
ted States, if I felt that I was contending for the
interests of the people, against one who was for-
feiting the trust and responsibilities of his office.
Sir, I did say that, by the testimony given un-
der oath, it had been charged and proved that the
Executive was privy to the appropriation of
money from the Treasury for the sustentation of
a prostituted partisan press; and that, too, not
upon the testimony of Wendell, against whom
gentlemen have launched the thunders of their
"invective. I made the allegation on the testimony
of one whom I understand to be connected by tics
of family relationship with the President; of one
who certainly enjoys the confidence of the Pres-
ident; of him who is now collector of the port of
Philadelphia. I mean a person by the name of
Baker. He testified, not before your Covode
committee—a committee for which I have nothing
but contempt and detestation; a committee which
I am bold to say now, instead of being animated
by a desire impartially to perform a public duty,
is smelling round the country for the taint of pri-
vate scandal, raking among the ashes of extinct
defamation, and stimulating the profligate passions
of discharged and malcontentofficials, for 110 other
purpose than to annoy the Executive and damage
the Democratic party. I say, [ have no confidence
in that committee; and I would have disdained to
introduce anything of their inquisitions to sub-
stantiate any of my statements. I quote from the
testimony of Mr. Baker, given before a Demo-
cratic committee of a Democratic Senate. What
is that testimony ?
'• Question. Did Mr. Wendell tell you at that time by
whom this was appropriated otherwise tlian to the pub-
lisher of the Pennsylvaruan?
" Answer. He said lie liad directions from the Adimnis-
tiation, or ftom lugli official sources; 1 do not rccolleet ilia
exact words.
'• Question. What did you understand by the ' Adminis-
tration V
11 Answer. I understood the President.
" Question. You spoke of conversing with the President
about this; what was that conversation ?
" Jlnswcf. I understood, in the fall of I808, I do not know
from whom or how, that the Daily Argus was to receive
ten and three fourths per centum from and after the 1st of
August, 1858, and I inquired of tiie President whether lie
had given any directions for a portion of Rice's money, or
what was due to Rice as printer of post office blanks, to
be paid to the Daiij Ar?us? Hesaid heiiadgivennodirec-
tiont; but report said the net profits-from the printing of
these blanks.amounted to about tu enty thousand dollars per
annum, and if such was the case, he supposed that Mi. Ricc
could afford to pay the rfrgus out of his own profits, or out
of this sum. When Mr. Uiee was first appointed printer,it
was thought the net proceeds would not amount to over
ten or twelve thousand dollars; and when it was ascer-
tained that it amounted to $20,000, as the Argus was hard
'up, as it always is, it was given without any directions
from liim. It was supposed, under Mr. Wendell's under-
standing of it, that there had been a subdivision of it. It
then became necessary to learn how much was received
for the blanks from July 1, 1858, to July 31 of the same
year, and from August 1 to December 10. I learned this
at the Post Office Department. The amount that Mr.
Wendell received on account of the blanks during the first
period mentioned was $20,501 24, and for the latter period,
$14,766 82.
" Question. Did you procure that Information from the
Postmaster General?
" drawer. This document I received from the Auditor,
Mr. Oflutt; lie ia the proper officer of the Department?"
Now, rccollect that I did not charge that the
President of the United States had directed this
money to be distributed as a largess among the
editors of Philadelphia. Nothing of that sort. I
did not even affirm that he knew it had been given
to these particular editors. This is what I said:
that the President of the United States, as the
chief custodian of the Treasury, did know that
Congress had appropriated out of the Treasury
three times as much as was requisite for a specific
service, and that be did not invite Congiess to
curtail the expenditure. That is my allegation—
an allegation extorted from me by the persistent
remarks of the gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. BURNETT. Now, I want to appeal to
every man in this House, I care riot whether he
be a lawyer or a simple practitioner in a justice
court, whether there is one particle of testimony
given by Baker which, by the remotest inference,
indicates that the President ever had any knowl-
edge of any corruption whatever?
Mr. PRYOR. I do not charge that. The gen-
tleman from Kentucky is changing the issue. I
insist that he stick to the issue between us.
Mr. BURNETT. I say that Eaker makes no
charge of any character against the President, by
any conversation which emanated from him. The
evidence upon which this charge is based, is testi-
mony which the merest tyro in the law—die
merest justice of the peace in the country—would
not have admitted upon the trial of any cause ill
his court. What is that evidence ? Why, Baker
says lie heard Mr. Wendell say that the Argus
was to receive ten and three quarters per cent.;
and that certain other papers were to receive a
certain sum. This is hearsay testimony, which
would be excluded from any court, where the
best evidence only can be received. Further, I
say that Wendell, the witness upon whom the
gentleman relics to prove infamy in this case, and
the parties who rely upon his testimony, are es-
topped from throwing odium upon the President,
for the reason that when you first introduce a
witness, and he does not swear to suit you, you
cannot turn round and impeach his testimony;
and Wendell has expressly exonerated the Pres-
ident over his own signature.
What does Mr. Baker say about the President?
He says, in his testimony:
t understood, in the fall of 385S, J do not know from
whom or how, that the Daily Argus was to receive ten and
three fouitlls per centum fiom and after The 1 -t of August,
1858, and I inquired ot the President whether he had given
any dnections loi a portion of Rice's money,or wnat was
due to ltice, as punter of Post Oflice blanks, to lie paid to
tile Daily Argus. He 5aid that he had guen 710 directions;
hut report said the net profits trom the punting of these
blanks amounted to about twenty thousand dollais per an-
num ; and it such was the ease, he supposed that Mr. Itiee
could a fiord to pay tile Argus out of 111* own protits or out
of tins sum."
Showing that it was a mere rumor that the Presi-
dent knew anything about what Baker stated he
said to him. All I ask of gentlemen is that, in
the consideration of this testimony, you shall
apply to it the ordinary rules applicable to testi-
mony which are applied m all courts of justice.
Now, sir, I have this much to say, in conclu-
sion: the gentleman from Virginia says I spoke
with feelings of indignation, m response to his
charge upon the President. Sir, I have taken issue
with hitn. No man who knows the gentleman
from Virginia will, for a moment, doubt that he
would run a muck with anybody he chooses; but
in running his muck the gentleman should see to
it that he does not charge the responsibility for
abuses which exist upon that department of the
Government which has no power to correct them.
Mr. FLORENCE. I had proposed to refer
very briefly to the subject-matter under consid-
eration before the House. I am reminded, how-
ever, that the hour when it was understood that
the previous question should be called has ar-
rived, within two or three minutes; and I appre-
hend that I shall not have time or opportunity
to give that elaborate consideration to the subjcct
which its importance demands.
I am in favor of the measure proposed by the
gentleman from Ohio, and, if-tor no other reason,
that it will remove from these*Halls the subject
which has caused the discussion which has oc-
curred in relation to this public printing, inde-
pendently of the corruption which attaches to it.
The testimony taken before the committee in
relation to the corruptions growing out of the
public printing is a reason why the system should
be changed. The observation of every member
of this House, as to the squabbles in the election
for Public Printer, is an additional reason why it
should be changed. The fact that the sessions of
Congress arc often prolonged by the delay in
electing a Public Printer, ought, of itself, to be suf-
ficient to cause a change to be made. The fact of
combinations being made that are disgraceful to
the country and age in which wc live, is another
reason why a change should be made. The con-
tract system is a failure. All the evidence before
the House and before the country proves it con-
clusively. The public printing cannot be exe-
cuted, either, in time for public purposes; it is not
executed in a workmanlike manner, nor can it be
made a permanent record of the doings of the
Government in the archives. The fact of the con-
tract system having failed is a reason, in addition
to the evidence of corrupt combinations on this
floor, why it should be changed. A change in the
system was proposed at a very remote period of
time, as referred to yesterday by the gentleman
from Ohio. All the testimony on the subject is
sufficient, at least, to persuade the House to at-
tempt this plan, all others having failed.
Now, in regard to the fear of combination and
Government patronage, I ask gentlemen to con-
sider how much is to be feared from that? I ask
the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Clotton,]
who eloquently portrayed the evils to grow out
of the extension of executive patronage, what
there is to be feared from fifty or one nundred
printers in the Government or public printing
oflice ?.One hundred compositors would beavery
large force to execute the public printing. There
is no complication about this ptan. There is no
array of Government officers under it, as there is
in other bureaus of the Government. ;The act
simply provides that a foreman m printing and a
foreman in binding shall be appointed, and that
these two superintendents in the printing depart-
ment and in the binding department should con-
trol the whole force. There is no complication of
clerks; no addition of the patronage; at most, but
fifty or one hundred printers, and a few persons
to fly the sheets and fold them for the binders.
These printers work by the piece. They are
paid so much for the work done—for every one
thousand ems they get thirty-five or forty cents.
They are paid when the work is executed. If
there is no work to be done, they will bo paid
nothing. The work is limited to the orders of
the House; and when that work is executed, the
men are discharged, because there is no reason,
or semblance of reason, why they should be cm-
ployed. 1 ask the House and the country what
is to be feared from fifty or one hundred journey-
men printers working in the public printing office,
that need not be feared under the present system?
If there would be partisanship theji, it would ex-
ist now. The strictest rules of partisanship are
applied to the election of Printer of the House,
and Printer of the Senate; and if it were the in-
terest of these Printers to select partisans to do
the work, they would be selected now. But the
contractor or the Public Printer executing the
work knows that it is his interest to sclcct the best
wor kman, and he does it; and he only pays to
him just precisely what he earns, neither less nor
more.
I had intended, Mr. Speaker, to refer to the
subject of the Post Office blanks, but that has
become, as the gentleman from Virginia said, a
stench in our nostrils; and 1 apprehend that^a word
said in regard to it, either in defense of the Ex*
ecutive or referring to the distribution of patron-
age, or in any other way, would be almost tiring
the patience of the House, as well it might. But
I conceive it to have been as legitimate a patronage
of the Administration or the Government as the
distribution of the binding or the printing of both
Houses.
Mr. PRYOR. I wish merely to call the atten-
tion of my friend from Kentucky to the fact that
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, speaking on the
