1562
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April
paper,the information necessary to serve upon me
che ordinary notice of contest. Sir, the resolu-
tion was passed on the 21st of March, the adver-
cisement was printed on the 24th; aftd after wait-
ing until the 31st, he serves upon me a paper
which fails to point out one" solitary illegal vote
in the entire district. After having induced hon-
orable gentlemen in this House to say that the
election in the third district was " reeking with
fraud "—and tha^t was the allegation made by one of
my colleagues from New York, [Mr. Conkling]
—that because this fraud was charged, and could
be substantiated, itoughttobe investigated, what
do we find? We discover the contestant unable
to point out one single illegal voter. In general
terms, he had the audacity to assail the character
of eighty-four inspectors and of eighty-four can-
vassers, respectable men; officers elected by the
people, or appointed by the board of supervisors,
and sworn to do their duty. After having the
audacity to charge them by wholesale with these
crimcs and misdemeanors, yet he has not ventured
to mention one of those officers by name. Sir, there
is good reason why he did not ao so. Bccause he
was not in possession of a solitary fact which
would have justified him in putting such a charge
upon the record, and subjecting himself to legal
and personal responsibility for such a charge.
Now, sir, one of two things is certain; either
that this party never had, and has not in his pos-
session, any facts upon which he can impeach my
right to my seat—and if so, his petition ought to
be sent from our Halls—or else, having the in-
formation in possession, he chooscs to conceal and
withhold it from his opponent, so as to force him
to enter upon the taking of testimony blindfolded.
In other words, the same course of policy which
induced this party for sixteen months to withhold
from mo all notice of contest, and which conduct
was indorsed and sanctioned by a party majority
of this House, he has presumed upon that sanc-
tion now to go on with the contest, without dis-
closing any of the facts upon which he proposes
to rely in his impeachment of the rights of a mem-
ber of this House. The House having already
sustained him in keeping his purpose to contest
the election secret, I choose now to submit to the
House, and will ask a vote upon it at the proper
time, whether they will allow him to goon with the
contcst without first disclosing the particular facts
upon which he rests his claim.
Sir, something was said on a former occasion,
when the resolution authorizing testimony to be
taken was under discussion, about good taste. It
was deemed by the gentleman from New York,
my colleague, [Mr. HuMrnitr,Y,] bad taste for a
member to insist that if his seat was to be con-
tested it should be done according to law and pre-
cedent and justice; and I submitted to this lecture
on taste with what grace 1 could command, and
with all the respect f could feel for the source from
which it came. And now I have a question of
taste to propound to the other side of the llouse,
namely: whether it is good taste for members,
upon a forced and partial construction of the law,
to vote a party permission to contest the right of
a Representative to a seat, and then allow the con-
testant to go home and advertise for testimony in *
order to sustain his position > And if his friends
do not think that is good taste, the remedy to ap-
ply will be to say to him: "You have perpetrated
a fraud upon us worse than you have pretended
was committed in your district; for by fraud and
false pretenses you obtained from this House per-
mission to take testimony which you did not pos-
sess, and which you were compelled to go to New
York and advertise for before you could give the
notice which we required you to serve upon your
opponent "
1 do not choose to allow a party to come here
and charge acts of fraud upon my constituents and
my supporters in an election, without holding him
distinctly and squarely to the responsibility of his
position. Therefore ihavc deemed it my duty to
present to the House at the earliest possible mo-
ment, and to ask an investigation, by the appro-
priate committee, of the circumstances which have
transpired in reference to this contest since the
question was last before us. I challenge whatever
scrutiny can be brought to bear upon the election
in my district. I am ready to meet it; but I do
not want to meet a masked enemy. I will not
believe that the judgment of this House, or the
principles of conduct which should be observed
here, in view of the precedents of forjner Con-
gresses, oughtto require me or any othermember
to go into an inquiry with reference to $he circum-
stances attending his election, when he is not per-
mitted to know the name of a single voter out of
ten thousand voters who in random terms are
impeached, and when he is not allowed to know
the name of a single officer whose conduct is im-
pugned, while the whole body of inspectors are
libeled by vague and sweeping charges.
Now, I undertake to say that I will be able to
establish before the Committee of Elections—and
if my time permitted now I would establish it
here—from the authorities cited by the very coun-
sel of the opposite party on the former argument,
that in view of no rule of law; in view of no pre-
cedent of this House; in view of no practice ob-
served in this country or England, can the state-
ment of the contestant's pretended grounds of
complaint be held to be entitled to the least consid-
eration from either the committee or the House.
And for this I might rely solely and exclusively
upon authorities cited by the opposite party be-
fore the Committee of Elections, with virtual ap-
proval by a majority of the Committeeof Elections
m their report, recommending the passage of the
resolution.
And, in conclusion, I will submit to the com-
mittee and to the House the question whether my
rights here are to be jeopardized upon principles
unknown to the Constitution, in violation of the
settled laws of the land, setting at defiance com-
mon justice, and common right; and further, and
finally, whether or not the House of Representa-
tives desires to encourage the business of contest-,
ing elections as a speculation ?
I call the previous question upon the motion to
refer, unless some gentleman upon the other side
desires to be heard; and if so, i will waive it.
Mr. DAWES. I do not propose to follow the
gentleman in the line of talk which lie has seen
fit to submit to the House in this extraordinary
manner. I desire merely the House to under-
stand the facts so far as they have transpired, and
so far as it is proper for the House to pass upon
the facts at this stage of the .proceedings. The
House will observe that the sitting member came
here this morning saying that he had served a
notice upon the contestant that he would appear
before the Committee of Elections this morning,
and ask them to require of him to file a more spe-
cific statement of the grounds of his contest. I
suppose there is no impropriety in my stating'
hero to the House, that this gentleman appeared
befoie the Committee of Elections this morning
with these papers, and made his statement to the
Committee of Elections. It appearing that the
contestant had not reached the city, the Commit-
tee of Elections, without objection on the part of
the sitting member, proposed to him that he allow
the matter to be postponed until half past ten
o'clock to-morrow morning; in which decision
the sitting member was understood by the com-
mittee to acquiesce.
Mr. SICKLES. 1 do not propose now to with-
hold the question from the committee. 1 propose
to send it there; and, with the permission of the
gentleman, I will call his attention to a fact 
Mr. DAWES. I have the floor.
Mr. SICKLES. Ofcourse you have; but I de-
sire to call your attention 
Mr. DAWES. I have the floor and the sitting
member has not the floor, and I am not going to
bandy words with the sitting member. Nor will
[ comment upon the fact that the sitting member,
in the absence of the contestant, and when he
knew him to be in the city of New York, has
come into the House here and indulged in vitu-
peration of the course of the contestant under the
rule and order of the; House. I merely state that
the sitting member brought to the Committee of
Elections these papers as evidence of having served
notice on the contestant; and we appointed a time
to hear him and the contestant. With that ar-
rangement, and without notice to the Committee
of Elections, the sitting member comes into the
House heie,in the absence of the contestant, who
has a right to be heard as well as he on all ques-
tions touching his right to this scat, and indulges
in this style of remark in regard tohisabsentcon-
testant, first saying that he has a paper here which
he desires to have referred to the Committee of
Elections. And when he sends it up to the Clerk's
desk, it proves to be nothing addressed to the
House or the committee, but merely a paper ad-
dressed to the contestant,sattached and pasted on
to which is an argumcntthathe himself has made
in regard to the notice of contest, which he says
has been served on the contestant. All this is done
without furnishing us with a copy of that notice;
without telling us what that notice consists of,
any further than as he is pleased to construe it
here himself. The Committee of Electionsandthe
whole House are as ignorant, now that the gen-
tleman has sat down, as they were before he com-
menced, of the real contents of that paper which
he has animadverted upon.
Mr. SICKLES. Have it read to us at the
Clerk's table.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman has not had it
read in my hearing.
Mr. SICKLES. I say that it is now on the
Clerk's table, and the gentleman can have it read,
if he desires it. I did not want to hear it.
Mr. DAWES. I want to say a word more.
The gentleman complains that notice was served
on him, the last day of the limitation, in New York;
that he waited in the city of Washington till
Thursday, and then informed the chairman of the
Committee of Elections that he would authorize
him to receive notice from the contestant, and left
forthecity of New York. I do not understand that
he requested the chairman of the Committee of
Elections to communicate to any living soul that
he was authorized to take the notice. Perhaps it
is proper for me to say that the notice came here
to the city of Washington two or three days be-
fore the expiration of the time, and diligent search
was made all over the city of Washington to find
the sitting member; and it was not until com-
munication was made to the contestant in New
York, that the sitting member was not to be found
in this city, that he was found on the last of the
ten days in the city of NeV York, where notice
was served on him in the manner which he stated.
I have no desire to comment on the merits of
this case. If the contestant has served a defective
notice of contest on the sitting member, he does
it at his own peril. It does not harm the sitting
member one atom. If his notice of contest is too
broad—broader than-his evidence will sustain—it
does not hurt the sitting member. If it is too nar-
row, or too indefinite, it cannot harm the sitting
member; for the sitting member, according to the
precedents, can be tried on no other charges than
those which are specific and particular, and upon
the evidence taken on these specific and particu-
lar charges.
Now, without offering any further remarks on
the question, I call the previous question.
Mr. SICKLES. 1 desire to know from the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts whether he means to
intimate that I e\-aded service of the notice? I tell
the gentleman that I sent to Mr. Williamson for
the notice, and thus got it. I never evaded any-
thing, nor anybody.
Mr. EDWARDS. I ask for a division of the
question on the referring, and on the printing.
The SPEAKER. The question will be first
taken on the motion to refer, and then on the
motion to print.
Mr. SICKLES. I withdraw the proposition
to print.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation,
the paper was referred to the Committee of Elec-
tions.
Mr. SICKLES moved to reconsider the vote by
which the paper was referred; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
POST ROUTE BILL, ETC.
Mr. COLFAX. I desire to give notice to the
House that the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads will, in about two weeks, report tile
general post route bill; and we will be gratified if
gentlemen who have petitions that have not yet
been filed for new routes will file them, and if
those who have not yet certified routes to the com-
mittee will do so as soon as possible.
Members who have already presented petitions
will receive a circular from the committee by
Saturday night, asking them to certify as to the
necessity of each route.
I am also instructed by the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads to report to the House
amendments unanimously adopted by them to
