542
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,'
proceedingsor the debates of that day, have seen
and read that resolution, as reported in the Con-
gressional Globe. So, sir, the!c was no design
either upon the part of my colleague from the ■
Springfield district [Mr. McClernand] or my- !
self, or any other Democrat from Illinois upon •
this floor, to suppress any part of the proceedings
or any one of the resolutions that were adopted
by the Democratic convention of Illinois, and any
assertion to that effect is unfounded.
This explanation 1 deem to be due to myself,
to my colleague. Colonel McClernand, and to
the Democracy of my State. I wish to say now,
that I would like to have all the resolutions go |
upon the Journals of this House; and stand there S
as an authoritative exposition of the creed of the i
Democracy of Illinois. 1 indorse them all, as a ]
member of that party. |
But, sir, my colleague from the Chicago district j
[Mr. Parnsworth] seems to be exceedingly con-
cerned for his opponents. I more than intimated
to him on a former occasion that we would take
care of our own concerns, and could get along
without his interference. I am sure he does not
intend to help us; and if he does not, he had better
let i\s alone. We are not unswo*able to him for
our acts or opinions, as he seems to suppose we
are. In other words, I will suggest that by his
course he is violating the great doctrine of non-
intervention! He has no right to intervention.
He is not a party with us; not a a popular-sover-
eignty man. But I understood him to say, that
the doctrine of one of our resolutions was the
creed of the Republican party—that slavery is the
creature of local law. I should like to know,
while I am on'the floor, if I understood him cor-
rectly, that each separate local government has
the right to settle the question of slavery for itself.
Mr. BABBITT. 1 cannot yield further.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. If the gentleman
from Pennsylvania will not yield the floor to en-
able me to propound a question, I, of course, will
not press it, as I do not intend to trespass upon
his courtesy. 1 must, however, before sitting
down, simply ask that the resolutions of the Illinois
convention may be spread upon the Journals of
the House by common consent.
No objection was made.
The following are the resolutions:
Resolutions of the Democratic party of Illinois, adopted in
State Convention* Januuin 4,
Whereas, The Democratic party assembled in national
convention in June, 1850, by the unanimous vote of all the
delegates from every sStato in the Union, adopted a plutionu
of principles, as the only authoritative exposition oi' Doin-
ociatic doctiincs, which remains uualteied arid unalterable
until the meeting ot the Charleston convention; and
wheieas, wo have good reasons for the belief, that if we
depart from the doctrines ol that platform by attempting to
loice upon the party new issues, and tests, the Demoeiacy
of the several rffates may never be able to agree upon an-
other platform of principle* with the same unanimity ; and
whereas, the Democratic party is ibe only political onran-
ization winch can maintain, m then purity, the puneiples
of Hell-government, tin- reserved lights oi the States, and
the perpetuity of the Union under the Constitution; and
whereas, the unity, integrity, and supremacy of the Dem-
ocratic party depend upon its t'aithtul adheienee to those
fundamental puneiples upon which we have achieved so
many glorious triumphs, and to which we are .solemnly and
irrevocably pledged: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Demoeiacy of Illinois, in State con-
vention assembled, do reassert and ntfnm the Cincinnati
platform, in the woids,spuit,and meaning with wlncti the
same was adopted, understood, and ratified by the people m
lS5l>j and do reject and utterly repudiate all tuch new is-
sues and tests as the levivalofthe African slave tiadc. or a
congressional slave code for the Teirijtones, or the doctrine
that slavery is a Federal institution, denving if validity m
tile several .States and Teuitoiies m winch it exists from
the Constitution of the Hinted Htates, instead of being a
mere municipal institution, existing in such States and Ter-
ritories u under the laws thereof.
Resolved, That there can be no exception to the rule
that every right guarantied by the Constitution must be pi o-
teutcd by law, in all cases where legislation is nece«saiy for
it«i protection and enjoyment; and, m obedience to tins
principle, it was the imputative dutv of Congress to enact
an efficient law for the surrender of fugitive slaves.
.Resolved, That no conaideutionsof political expediency
or paitis-an policy can release any member of Connies or
American citizen from his svvoin obligation5: of fidelity to
the Constitution, or excuse him toi hot advocating and
supporting ail legislation which maybe neccssarv for the
pioteetion and enjoyment of evciy right guarantied by that
instiument.
Resolved, That the Demoeiatie party of the Union is
pledged in faith and honor, by the Cincinnati platform and
its indorsement ol the Kansas-Nebraska act, to the follow-
ing propositions: 1. That all questions pertaining to Afri-
can slavery in the Territories shall be forever banished
from the Halls of Congre&s. That the peopleof the Tor-
tones, respectively,ghali be left perfectly free to make just
such taws and regulations, in respect to slavery and all other
matters of local concern, as they may determine for them-
selves, subject to no other limitations or restrictions than
those imposed by the Constitution of the United States.
3. That all questions affecting the validity oi constitution-
ality of any toir.torial enactments., shall ba referred tor final
decision to tlic Supreme Court oi the United States, as the
only ti ibunal provided by the Constitution which is compe-
tent to determine them.
Resolved, That, in the opinion ol the Democracy of Illi-
nois, Mi. Buchanan truly interpreted the Cincinnati plat-
form, in his letter accepting the presidential nomination,
when he said, "the people of a Territory, like those of a
State, shall decide for themselves whether slavery shall or
shall not exi.st within their limits.57
Resolved, That we recognize the paramount judicial au-
thority of the Supreme Court of the United States, as pro-
vided by the Constitution, and hold it to be the imperative
duty of all good citizens to respect and obey the decisions
ot that tribunal, and to aid, by all lawful means, in cany-
ing them into faithful execution.
Resolved, That the Democracy of Illinois repel, with
just indignation, the injurious and unfounded imputation
upon the integrity and impaitiahty of the Supreme Court,
winch l- contained in the assumption on the part of the
so-called Kepublicans that, in the Dred Scott case, that
august tribunal decided against the nght of the people of
the Temtones to decide the slavery question for them-
selves, without gtvmg them an opportunity of being heaid
by counsel m defense of then lights of self-government,
and when thoie was no territorial law, enactment, or fact,
before the court, upon which that question could possibly
ause.
Resolved, That whenevei Congress oi the Legislature of
any State or Territory shall make any enactment oi do
any act which attempts to divest, impair, oi piejudice any
right which the ovvnei of slaves or any other species of
property may have oi claim m any Territory or elsewhere,
by vntue of the Constitution or otherwise, and the party
aggiieved shall biing his ease befoie the Supreme Couit of
the United States, the Democracy of Illinois a-s in duty
bound by their obligations ol fidelity to the Constitution,
will ehecrlullj and faithfully lespeet and abide by the de-
rision. and use all lawful means to aid in giving it lull effect,
aecoiding to its true intent and meaning.
Resolved, That the Democracy ot Illinois view with in-
expressible hoiroi and indignation the murderous and uea-
sonable con-piiaoy of John Brown and his confederates to
incite a servile insuneetion m the slavchokling Stater.; and
heartily lejoiee that the attempt, was promptly suppressed,
and the majesty of the law vindicated, by inflicting upon
the consphatojs, aftei a fair and impartial trial, that ju^t
punishment which the enoinnty of then crimes so nehly
merited.
Resolved, That the Harper's Ferry outiage was the nat-
ural consequence and logical iesult of the doctrines and
teachings of the Republican paity, as explained and en-
forced in their platforms, partisan presses, books, and pam-
phlets, and in the sp«jcbes of their leaders, in and out of
Congiess; and for this reason an honest and law-abiding
people should not be satisfied with the disavowal oi disap-
pioval, by the Republican lendois., of Jo]m Crown's acts,
unless they also repudiate the doctrines and teachings
which piodueed those nionsttous crimes, and denounce all
persons who piofess to sjmpathizc with nmidercis and
traitors, lamenting their fate and venerating their memory
as martyrs who lost their lives in a just and holy cause.
Resolved, That the delegates representing Illinois m the
Charleston convention bo instructed to vote foi, and use all
honoiable means to sccure, the readoption of the Cincin-
nati platform, without any additions or subtractions.
Resolved, That no honorable man can accept a seat as
a delegate in the national Democratic convention, or should
be reeogni'/ d as a member of the Demoeiatie patty, who
will not abide the decisions of such convention and support
it*? nominees.
Resolved, That we afftim and lepeaf the principle set
foith in the lesohmons of the last State convention of the
.Illinois Demoeiae\, held in this city on the 21st day of
April, l8f)S,and will not hesitate to apply those puneiples
wnerever a proper ca*c niav arise.
Resolved* That the Pemociacy of the State of Illinois
is unanimously in favor of Stffhen A. Douglas for the
next Piesidency, and the delegates from the State are m-
stiueted to vote for hini,aud to make eveiy honorable dibit
to pioeure his nomination.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I understand my col-
league to propound a question to me. I am will-
ing to respond. I do hold that slavciy is the
creature of local and municipal law, that it does
and can only exist legally by virtue of local and
municipal law. Now, if my colleague will allow
me, 1 want to ask him if he holds to that doctrine
himself?
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I do.
Mr. PARNSWORTH. And that it does not
derive lis vitality from the Constitution?
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. It does not.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then I &haku hands
with the gentleman upon that.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I will say this: I
stated the other day, m a speech which I made
m tins House, that 1 did not believe the Consti-
tution crcatj^l slavery or declared that if should
not exist; that upon that subject it was silent; that
each State and each Territory had the right to
determine for itself whether that institution should
or should not exist witlim its limits. In other
words: I gave it as my opinion that the Consti-
tution neither establishes nor prohibits slavery,
but leaves the question to be settled solely by
each State and Territory for itself.
Mr. McCLERNAND, Does my colleague
from the Chicago district believe that the people
of the Territories have the right to establish or
prohibit slavery within their limits ?
Mr. BABBITT. I must decline to yield fur-
ther.
Mr. PARNSWORTH. Iam ready to answer
the question.
Mr. BABBITT. After this long interruption, I
will say that it appears to be in order here to dis-
cuss all kinds of questions olfany pending motion;
and I, hailing from Pennsylvania, might avail
myself of this large liberty to discuss here her coai
and iron interest and her tariff question. These
questions arc deeply interesting to me and to my
State; and I would like to avail myself of thatlib-
erty at some time; but I will not do it now; neither
will I avail myself of this opportunity to enter into
the discussion allowed here upon that great ques-
tion which seems to be so dear to gentlemen on
the other side of the House—a question which
they introduced here upon the first day of our
meeting, and which they have pressed upon us
pcrseve ringly from that day to the present time: I
mean the great, inexhaustible, interminable negro
question. Although the latitude of debate which
is allowed lu re might give me the right to go into
the discussion of that question, I will not now do
it; for the present, I pass that by. I merely rose
with the intent of offering a few observations upon
a question more near to us at this time, and that
is the organization of the House.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Hctchins] has
made a proposition m this House, that the House
proceed to the election of a Speaker by the plu-
rality rule. The point of order is made that that
proposition is not in order. Now, Mr. Clerk, I
hold that it js in order. But, in the investigation
of the question whether it is or is not in order,
we must refer to some preexisting rules. By those
preexisting rules it must be tried. What arc those
rules ? Why, confessedly, they are not the rules
of a preceding House of Representatives, nor of
ony House of Representatives that ever assem-
bled here; because, simply, this House lias not
adopted such rules for its government. Tliey are
not the rules by which the British Parliament is
governed in its legislative proceedings; notat all;
and for the same reason; because this House has
never adopti d them. Then, what arc the rules
by which we must try this question of order? I
take it clearly that they are simply those rules
which exist of necessity, and without which a de-
liberative body cannot proceed at all. They are
discoverable by right reasoning. They are neces-
sary, preexistcnt rules.
Now, Mr. Clerk, when a deliberative body
meets, what is the-first thing to be done? Neces-
sarily, from the very nature of the case, it is to
chouse a presiding officer, to preserve order and
to receive and declare the votes. That is a pri-
mary thing. Without that, nothing can be done.
Until that is done, nothing else is in order. Hence
it follows, in this unorganized condition of the
body, that since the first day of this session noth-
ing else has been in order than a motion to pro-
ceed to vote for Speaker, or a motion to adjourn-
The resolution of the gentleman from Missouri,
[Mr. Clark,] and all other subsequent resolutions
of the same kind, are essentially and radically and
incurably out of order. Even the motion of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Hickman,]
to correct the Journal, is out of order. Strictly
speaking, we have no record here; for the first
record that we can make is that of the choicc of
a Speaker. We can adopt no resolution. We
have no presiding officer as yet. It is true that
the Clerk acts as such; ant] let me say that he does
so with great ability and impartiality. In contem-
plation of the Constitution and the law, we have
nevertheless no presiding officer. We are here a
disorganized body, and we can adopt no resolu-
tion whatever; all we can do is to choose a Speaker,
or to adjourn. That, sir, I take to be a self-evi-
dent proposition. The resolution of the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Hutchixs,] for the election
of a Speaker by the plurality rule, is therefore in
order; but ail other questions, except a motion to
proceed to vote for Speaker, or to adjourn, are
out of order.
Mr. CURTIS. I raise on the gentleman from
Pennsylvania the point of order I have already
raised on other gentlemen. I have raised it on
gentlemen on the other side, and I must certainly
raise it upon gentlemen on my own side when
