1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1568
thr Semite bill No. 84, for the Pacific telegraph,
largely reducing the amount to be paid by the
the
largely reducing the amount to be paid by
Government We also desire to have them printed,
so that gentlemen can read them, before we shall
ask the House to act on them.
There being- no objection, the report was re-
ceived, and the amendments and the Senate bill
ordered to be printed.
ADMISSION OF KANSAS.
Mr. GROW. I desire to call the attention of
the House to the fact, that to-morrow and Satur-
day will be private bill Hays, and that on Tues-
day next, the bill for the admission of Kansas
will come up in order. I believe there are no spe-
cial orders to prevent its being taken up. i want
to give notice that on Tuesday next I will ask a
vote on that bill.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Thegentlernan from
Pennsylvania is giving some notice. I should like
to know if there is any validity in it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Oh, no; it is a mere notice
of his own motion.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Because I will object
to any special order.
Mr. GROW. The bill will come up regularly
on Tuesday.
THE TARIFF BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended; end the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Wash-
burn, of Maine, in the chair.)
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that House bill No.
338, to provide for the payment of outstanding
Treasury notes, to authorize a loan, to regulate and
fix the duties on imports, and for other purposes, :
be taken up for consideration. I do not expect to '
have a vote taken on this bill for two or three
weeks; but I wish simply to have it taken up for
consideration. I hope there will be no objection.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
the gentleman from Ohio as asking the consent of
the committee to lay aside the bills having prece-
dence of this, and to take up this bill.
Mr. BRANCH. Is it in order for the gentleman
from Ohio to ask to lay aside all the bills in a
body? I make the point of order that he must
make a separate motion to by aside each.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ohio
asks the consent of the committee to his propo-
sition.
Mr. BRANCH. I object.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I move to lay aside
the annual message of the President. I will move
to lay the bills and resolutions aside, one by one,
until we reach the tariff bill. I only desire to
reach the bill in its order, and we might as well
do it by a single vote.
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman from North
Carolina might as well withdraw the objection.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not intend to press a
vote on the bill. I wish simply to reach the bill
and let it stand before the committee.
Mr. PHELPS. I have this to say to my friends:
that there are a sufficient number of members in
the House desirous of having the tariff bill taken
up for consideration, to take it up: and it is, there-
forc^useless for us to consume time by requiring :
a vote to be taken on laying aside each bill that j
precedes it on the Calendar. I think the better j
course would be to let the bill be taken up at once
by unanimous consent.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope that course wilt be '
pursued. f
Mr. BRANCH. I do not think the fact that ;
there is a majority of the House in favor of pass- ;
ing this bill, or of taking it up, is by any means j
a sufficient reason for our jumping over the rules, :
or dispensing with the rules, in order to reach it. j
1 myself am opposed to this bill, or any other j
bill that can be gotfor an alteration or amendment j
of the tariff. I am of opinion that the tariff which |
we have got, although not such a one as I would !
prefer, is amply sufficient to meet the wants of
the Government. I objected to the motion of the
gentleman from Ohio, because I was opposed to
reaching the bill, to taking it up, or to acting on
it in any way at all; but^if I stand alone upon
this side of the House, 1 will not persist in that
objection.
Several Members on die Democratic side of
the House. Yon do not stand alone.
Mr. McCLERNAND. 1 shall object, if the
gentkrnan does not.
Mr. BRANCH. Then I persist in my objec-
tion.
Air. HOUSTON. Mr. Chairman——
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask for a vote upon my
motion without further discussion.
The CHAIRMAN. AH discussion with re-
gard to the priority of business is out of order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I know that, and lam not go-
ing to discuss the question. I merely wish to ask
the gentleman who is at the head of the Committee
of Ways and Means how many of his appropri-
ation bills are yet in the committee undisposed
of? The gentleman will see the object of my
question. I desire to press these bills first.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is no appropriation
bill standing ahead of this bill upon the Calendar.
There arc some four or five after it; but we can at
1 any time make those appropriation bills "Special
j orders, and that will place them in advance of this
; bin.
| I will say further to the gentleman that I do not
I propose to press a vote upon this bill for at least
! three weeks, .so as to allow ample time forthedis-
. cussion of it. I shall propose to make the remain-
; mg appropriation bills special orders one by one.
• I now insist on my motion to lay aside the first
! bill upon the Calendar.
j Mr. BRANCH. Before the vote is taken, I
i would ask the gentleman from Ohio whether it is
| is Ins purpose, when the bill is reached, to make
j it a special order ?
| Mr. SHERMAN. I do not intend to move to
make it a special order. If we reach it in its order,
it will be before the committee; but that will not
prevent a majority of the House from making the
appropriation bills special orders, at any time, one
by one. I propose to do that; but, meantime, this
bill will stand in order before the committee.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to ask one more ques-
tion of the Chair. It is this: 1 have not the Cal-
endar before me, and I do not know, therefore,
what bills precede this one; but I desire to know
of the Chair whether, if they are now passed over,
and this bill is taken up, that will not make this
bill in order over the bills that precede it, until it
is disposed of? I admit that a majority of the
House can make the appropriation bills special
orders. They cannot make this bill a special order.
That would take a two-third vote. But, as be-
tween the bills that precede this—not appropria- :
tion bills—and this bill, will not? the taking up of
this bill postpone all the other bills until it is dis-
posed of?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
that if this bill is taken up by the committee it
will be before the committee until it is disposed
of, unless other bills shall be made special orders,
and thus take precedence of it.
Mr. Sherman's motion was agreed to.
The next business on the Calendar was a reso-
lution directing the Clerk to remove the present
seats from the Hall.
Mr. SHERMAN. I make the same motion in
regard to that—that it be laid aside.
Mr. WINSLOW. I desire to ask the gentle-
man when it is his purpose to call for action on
the tariff bill ?
Mr. SHERMAN. At any time when the com-
mittee desire it, if they wkl indicate any day I
have no particular wish in regard to it.
Mr. Sherman's motion was agreed to.
Mr. BRANCH. I would inquire if motions to
set aside bills are debatable?
The CHAIRMAN. They are not.
Mr. BRANCH. Does the Chair hold that they
are questions relating to the priority of business'1 j
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair so holds, and !
it has been the practice of the House so to regard j
them. _ |
The next business in order was a bill granting ;
pensions to the officers and soldiers of the war •
with Great Britain of 1812, and those engaged in i
Indian wars during that period. j
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 mo\e that that bill be laid i
aside. 19 i
Mr. BURNETT. 1 desire to know under what
rule the Ciiair decides that, in Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, a gentleman has
no right to take the floor now and discuss that
bill?
The CHAIRMAN*. A motionismadetopost-
pone the consideration of this bill, and questions
in reference to the order of business are not de-
batable, by a special rule-, and under the uniform
practice of the House. The question is upon lay-
ing aside the bill, the title of which has been re-
ported.
Mr. BRANCH. I shall call for a division upon
that, and for tellers, in order that we may see who
is willing to set aside the old soldiers, in order to
get up a tax bill. [Laughter.]
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Branch and
BurFiNTON were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 90, noes 38.
So the bill was laid aside.
The following resolution and bills coming up
in their order, were then severally laid aside, on
motion of Mr. Sherman:
A resolution deprecating the example which
has of late years obtained, by the practice of the
subordinate officers of this House, of appointing
ex-members of Congress to inferior places within
their gift, as derogatory to the dignity of the
House and calculated to impair its influence with
the country.
A bill to establish an assay office in the city of
St. Louis, in the State of Missouri.
A bill to provide for a superintendent of Indian
affairs for Washington Territory and additional
Indian agents.
An act in relation to the assignees of bounty
land warrants.
A bill to enable the trustees of the Blue Mont
College to preempt a certain quarter section or
land, and for other purposes.
A bill to provide for the public printing, bind-
ing, engraving, and lithographing.
A bill to reduce the expenses of the Post Office
Department.
A bill to suppress the unlawful collection and
delivery of letters.
A bill to provide for an appeal to the Supreme
Court of the United States in certain criminal cases.
A bill to divide the State of Pennsylvania into
three judicial districts, and to establish a district
court to be holden in the city of Erie.
A bill to authorize district judges of the United
States to act out of their districts in certain cases.
The following bill then came up in its order:
A bill (H. R. No. 338) to provide for'the pay-
ment of outstandingTreasurynotes: to authorize a
loan; to regulate and fix the duties onimports, and
for other purposes.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is the bill which I
proposed to take up for consideration. I move
that the first reading be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. LOVEJOY obtained the floor.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. It is now
four o'clock; and if the gentleman from Illinois
will give way, 1 will move that the committee rise,
and let the gentleman start fresh in the morning.
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 will yield, if it is the wish
of the committee. It is immaterial to me whether
I go on now, or in the morning.
Mr. ADRAIN. I move, then, that the com-
mittee rise.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to call the attention
of the gentleman from Illinois to the fact that to-
morrow is private bill day, and the gentleman
will not have an opportunity of going on with liis
speech then.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I prefer to go on now.
Mr. Lovejoy then proceeded to address the
committceupon the slavery question. [Hisspeech
will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. HARDEMAN obtained the floor.
Mr. HATTON. I move that the committee
rise.
Mr. WELLS. If the gentleman from Georgia
does not desire to go on this evening, I would
like to occupy the floor, as I have some remarks
which I desire to submit.
Mi. HARDEMAN. I have no objection, if it
is the understanding that I shall have the floor
when the House next resolves itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I object, if the re-
sult is to be to have this committee continue in
session two or three hours, with only half a dozen
members present."
