122
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 24,
36th Cong-. ... 1st Sess.
Property in the Territories—Mr, Doolittle.
Senate.
Mr. President, I do not question, I have no right
to question, the good faith or the integrity of the
action of the sovereignty of Georgia. I do not
indulge, either as a matter of taste or of inclina-
tion, m language impugning the motives of men
in high office, acting upon the solemnity of their
oaths. The motto of old England has too much
truth and significance for me to do so, either in
public or private life. Besides, sir, having been
reared in the republican school of Jefferson and
of Jackson, maintaining, as I now do, every prin-
ciple I have been taught in that school, and which
are identical with those of the Republican party
of to-day, I see many things in the opinion of the
supreme court of Gfeorgia to command my respe'et.
I say, therefore, Mr. President, that the Repre-
sentatives of those original States who have taught
Wisconsin, one of the " youngest of the sisters,"
to think for herself, and be true to her convictions,
should be among the last to ccnsurc or condemn
her.
But I come now at once to the consideration of
the precise issue between the Senator from Georgia
and myself, as it stands upon the record, made up
between us. When I moved the postponement of
the further consideration of this subject, that issue
was in these words—I read from the first report,
as it appeared in the Congressional Globe. Mr.
Toombs, while replying to Mr. Hale, used this
language:
" The supreme court of Wisconsin, in defiance of the Con-
stitution, seized the case under a habeas corpus, and declared
the fugitive slave law Unconstitutional, and discharged the
culprit. I say there is no analogy to that in any of the
cases.
" Mr. Doolittle. The assumption of the honorable Sen-
ator from Georgia, in one single word, depends entirely on
the question whether the law of Congress be or be riot con-
stitutional.
"Mr. Toombs. Certainly.
"Mr. Doolittle. If the law is unconstitutional, the
whole proceeding in your district court of Wisconsin is a
nullity.
"Mr. Toombs. Yes.
" Mr. Doolittle. And Wisconsin is right. If your law
is constitutional, then the proceeding of the court of Wis-
consin was wrong.
"Mr. Toombs. I have nothing to say of that now."
I so understood it at the time, and it was, I be-
lieve, so understood generally on this side of the
Chamber. The next morning, however, the Seu^
ator from Georgia corrected the record, and the
issue was restated in these words. The Senator
then said:
fC Whether or not the law was constitutional, the pro-
ceedings of the State court of Wisconsin I hold to be wrong.
That did not depend on the question of whether the fugi-
tive slave law was constitutional or not; but, many event,
the district court of the United States for Wisconsin hav-
ing had jurisdiction, there was no power to seize the per-
son from prison under a haheai corpus, and reverse the pro-
ceedings ot a court having competent jurisdiction ; and so
much of the report as makes me admit that, in any event,
whether the fugitive slave Jaw is constitutional or not, the
proceedings of the court of Wisconsin were right, is erro-
neous.
"Mr. Doolittle. I shall nof go into the discu^ion of
this question now, as I purpose to discuss that point on the
future occasion to which 1 have moved that this matter be
postponed. I simply desire to say, however, that, if the
Senator from Georgia admits that the law of Congress is
unconstitutional, the district court has no juiisdiction under
it; and the proposition which the gentleman submits, and
the distinction which he makes, that a law can be uncon-
stitutional and a nullity itself, and yet the court have juris-
diction under an unconstitutional law, is, in myjudgment,
preposterous.
"M^. Toombs. T merely wished to state my position,
not to argue it. I am prepared to meet the argument at any
proper time."
Mr. President, the issue is now clearly made
up on both sides, and fairly understood. It is a
question of constitutional law, addressed to the
judgment, to the calm reason; and in discussing
which passion and declamation are of no avail..
It is a question altogether of more consequence
than the slavery question itself; and, therefore,
we can enter upon its discussion entirely free from
all the excitements which surround that. The
question between the Senator and myself is this:
in the first place, whether any jurisdiction or au-
thority can be conferred upon a district court of
the United States by an unconstitutional law. I
thank the gentleman for thus restating the issue;
for, in my judgment, he concedes away the very
ground upon which the Supreme Court of the
United States placed their decision in 21 Howard.
Upon the assumption taken by that court, that
the fugitive slave law is constitutional, the con-
clusion follows inevitably that a person arrested
under it, in pursuance of its provisions, would be
imprisoned under the authority of the United States;
ana a State court, on habeas corpus, must of neces-
sity remand the prisoner into custody, because he
is in legal imprisonment; but upon the other as-
sumption, that the law is not constitutional, if a
person is arrested under it and imprisoned, it
would be without any authority from the United
States, and therefore a State court, upon habeas
corpus, must of necessity discharge the prisoner:
for he is not held by any legal pouter whatever. I
ask, sir, what is the issue upon the hearing of a
habeas corpus ? The jurisdiction of a court in such
case is not appellate. It is not for review; it is
neither to affirm nor reverse the judgment or the
proceedings of any other court or tribunal. It is
a suit to inquire into the cause of the imprison-
ment of a person restrained of his liberty; and, if
found t© be illegal, to discharge. The very csscnce
of the issue is to inquire whether that imprison-
menfrbe legal or illegal, with or withoutlaw. That
is the question, and the whole question in the
case.
Let us, for once, take the negro question en-
tirely out of this case, and forget that slaves or
slavery ever existed. A habeas corpus case is a
collateral suit to recover one's liberty from illegal
restraint; in the determination of which the pro-
ceedings and judgments of all other courts and
tribunals may be inquired into, just to the same
extent as in actions for false imprisonment, or in
actions broughtto recover upon a judgment. The
Senator from Georgia says that, conceding the
fugitive slave law to be unconstitutional, still the
district court of the United States has competent
jurisdiction to imprison a man under it. What a
solecism ! All the world knows that the district
courts of the United States arc courts of special
and limited jurisdiction. They hav$ just such
power as the law gives them, and no more. Then-
whole jurisdiction is statutory, o^d depends upon
the acts of Congress; and they, m their turn, de-
pending upon, and subject to, the Constitution.
When you speak of an act of Congress, which is
itself unconstitutional, having any validity to con-
ferany jurisdiction, itis preposterous, asolecism,
an absurdity. Sir, an unconstitutional law is no
law; it is a mere nullity. The Constitution goes
along with every enactment, erasing every word,
annullingevery provision in that enactment which
is repugnant to itself. Every law passed by Con-
gress, is passed as if with a proviso attached to
it, that nothing herein contained shall be repug-
nant to the Constitution of the United States; m
cant phrase, it has force "subject only to the Con-
stitution of the United States'." If repugnant to
that, it has no effect; it gives no authority. The
Constitution is the source of all authority. With-
out it, no law of Congress could live, or move, or
have any being. It breathes into every enactment
the breath of life. No law has life without it; no
power can be given, or jurisdiction conferred,
without it. What, sir! hold that a pretended en-
actment of Congress can confer an authority upon
anybody which the Constitution itself, the source
of all authority, forbids?
Yet such is the doctrinc of the Senator from
Georgia, that a citizen may be held in prison un-
der the authority of a law of Congress when the
Constitution itself forbids thatthere should be any
such law. Go tell the people of Georgia that her
Senator contends that Congress can give to the
United States district courts competent jurisdic-
tion over suits between the citizens of Georgia,
and over a subject-matter which the Constitution
of the United States itself forbids: it might be
actions for assault and battery by slaves against
their masters. That is a higher-law doctrine for
you, with a vengeance! The United States courts,
then, are above the Constitution, and not under it.
Let us test this doctrine by a practical case. Sup-
pose the Congress of the United States, under the
general-welfare doctrine, should enact a law con-
ferring general original jurisdiction upon the Su-
preme Court of the United States of all suits at
law or in equity, and between citizens of the same
State; and that in Georgia or in Wisconsin, one
citizen should commence a suit in the Supreme
Court of the United States against another for an
action of slander, and the case should be brought
on to trial, and a judgment should be recovered,
and an execution issued upon the judgment, and
a citizen arrested and put in prison: what would
be the duty of the State courts? If application
were made for a habeas corpus, the petitioner would
set out in substance that he was restrained of his
liberty without any legal authority. The marshal
would answer, by his return, that he pretends to
hold him by an execution upon a judgment of the
Supreme Court of the United States; and the re-
ply, the unanswerable reply ^ would be, on the part
of the petitioner, the Constitution forbids any such
judgment,, because it forbids Congress to.give, or
the court to take, any such jurisdiction. The
duty of the State court in.such a case would be
clear. Itbeing sworn to support the Constitution
of the United States, it would be its duty to de-
clare that such an imprisonment, under such a
judgment, under such a law, is in violation of the
Constitution of the United States, and absolutely
void; that so far from acting in pursuance of the
Constitution, and within the authority of the
United States, the Federal court rendering such a
judgment is trampling on the provisions of the
Constitution, and usurping a jurisdiction forbid-
den by it. The State court would therefore dis-
charge the prisoner from confinement.
Sir, instead of a habeas coTjnis case, suppose you
take the case of an action for false imprisonment;
suppose that this person, who was imprisoned
under such a judgment, should bringan action in a
State court,again3tthe individual who holdshim,
in an action for damages in consequence of false
in^risonment, and the defendant should plead his
pretended judgment and execution, and the plain-
tiff should atonce reply that the Constitution of the
United States forbids that Congress should confer
any such jurisdiction upon the Federal court: what
would be thedutyof the judges of theState court?
Of necessity, there woula be a responsibility from
which their oaths of office would not allow them to
withdraw themselves; they could not avoid the
jurisdiction if they would; and I, for one, would
not, if I could. They must take the jurisdiction
belonging to the State court, and declare that such
an imprisonment, under such a judgment, based
upon alaw conceded to be in violation of the Con-
stitution of theUnited States, is illegal and uncon-
stitutional; that the whole pretended judicial pro-
ceedings are absolutely null and void; gave no
jurisdiction whatever to the court, and, therefore,
no authority for the imprisonment of the defendant.
The Senator from Georgia says that "whether
the fugitive slave law was constitutional or not,"
the district court had "competent jurisdiction.99
That is begging the whole question. The court can-
not take competent jurisdiction of a subject-matter
which the Constitution forbids; it is impossible;
/or if it have not jurisdiction of the subject-matter,
the action of the court is of no more validity than
the action of a private citizen; it is not judicial
action; it is extra judicial—the aciion of an indi-
vidual without any authority; for a statute against
the Constitution confers no more than if Congress
had never gone through the forms of enacting it.
It is reasoning in r circle, begging the whole
question. It is precisely like saying that the earth
stands on the back of an elephant, and that on a
turtle, and that on nothing at all.
Mr. President, a case arose in the State of New
York, when Mr. Marcy was chief justice of that
State, in a suit brought upon a judgment which
purported to have been rendered in the State of
Massachusetts. On the face of the record it pur-
ported that the court had jurisdiction of the person
as well as of the subject-matter. The defendant
| pleaded that the court, in fact, never had any
|; jurisdiction over him, for he was not served with
jl process, and did not appear. It was objected that
.! the record imports absolute verity, and cannot be
! j contradicted. What did Mr. Marcy say to such
i! an argument?
" It appear-? to me, that this proposition assumes the very
fact to be established, which if the only question in issue.
For what purpose does the defendant question the juu&dic-
tionofthe court"? Solely to t-how that its proceedings and
judgments aie void, and thricfoie the .supposed lecord is
not in truth a. record. If the defendant had not pioper no-
li tiee of, and did not appear to, the original action, all the
11 State couits, with one exception, agree in opinion that the
paper introduced, as to him, U no record, but if he cannot
show, even against the pretended record, that fact, on the
alleged ground of the uncontrollable verity of the record, he
is deprived of Ins defense by a process of reasoning that is
to my mind little less than sophistry. The plaintiffs in
effect declare to the defendant: the paper deciaied on is a
record, because it says you appeared, and you appeared „
