1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1565
and the committee have reported ill favui of ex-
tending the pension during fife or widowhood. I
osk that the bill be taken up. *
The motion was awed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (S. No. ')Hi for the* relief of Olivia W. Can-
non. widow of Josephs. Cannon, late a midship-
man in the United States Navy. It proposes to
continue to Olivia W. Cannon, for her hie, or i
during her widowhood, the pen«io;i at the rate :j
allowed her by the act for her relief approved
August 16, 1850. _ 'i
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to ;i
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third !
time, and passed. 'j
if. w. LAXDKR. ;i
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up bill No. ;j
284, for the rehef of F. W. Lander. I do .so for 'I
the reason that Mr. Lander is about to leave, !•
within a few days, m the1 service oi the Govern- a
ment, for the central portions of the continent, and jj
I think we ought to.settle this matter before he j;
goes. I ask to have it taken up, and decided one jj
wav or the other. 'i
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No. j
284) for the relief of F. W. Lander was n ad a
sco.ond time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It proposes to direct the Secretary
of War to audit ami settle the account of F. W.
Lander, for services rendered and expenses in-
curred by him m making a reconnoissance for a
railroad fiom Puget Sound to the Mississippi
river, ill 1854 and 1855; but the amount allowed
is not to exceed $4,750, which is to be in full con-
sideration for ins services and expenses.
Mr. WILSON. This bill has been before the
Committee on Military Affairs, and been reported
by the unanimous vote of the committee twice.
It is sustained by letters from Captain Hum-
phreys, and 1 think, and the committee thought,
tins amount was justly due, andoughttobe paid.
The bill puts it in the hands of the Secretary of
War to settle the claim on equitable grounds. I
hope it will be allowed to pass the Senate.
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator tell us by what
authority the expense was incurred I am unin-
formed.
Mr. GRIMES. I call for the reading of the
report.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from Iowa has
anticipated me. The reading of the report will
give the information.
The Secretary read the report of the Committee
on Military Affairs and Militid, made at the last
session. . !
Mr. MASON. I understand, from the reading j
€>f the report, that this gentleman made a survey j
for a route for a railroad sonvwhere m Washing-
ton Territory, without the request or employment
of any officer of the Government whatever. Sub-
sequently, it seems, itwas brought to the notice of
the Government, and they have entertained it in
some form, and paid lnm a sum of moivy for it;
bat the question is, whether it is expedient or wise
to encourage this sort of proceeding. I cannot
vote for it. I can see no equity or merit in it of
any kind.
Mr. POLK. I prefer that the bill should lie
over. I think bills on the Private Calendar should
not be taken up out of their order; and the read-
ing of the report does not strike me very favor-
ably. Perhaps I do not understand it, but 1 would
prefer to examine the case a little.
Mr. WILSON. The reason why I called up
the bill at this time was this: I understand that
Mr. Lander is to be ordered from the city in a
Very few days. As the matter has been pending
befotc Congress for some time, it seems to me
that it ou« lit to be settled, m justice to him, m some
form before he is called upon to leave the cay in
the public service. That is the reason I calhd it
up. The bill leaves the matter with the Secretary
of War to be settled. By the statement of Cap-
tain Humphreys, the sum of §4,7o0 is due him.
This bill limits it to that sum, but leaves it to be i
settled by the Secretary of War upon equitable ;
principles. I think it ought to pass; but 1 do not |
wish to press the matter in the faee of oppost- .
tion.
Mr. POLK. I only made my remark for this
reason: ! feel bound to vote against this bill as it
stands now. Perhaps on further examination of
it, I may change my opinion; but it strikes mo,
as said by the Senator from Virginia, that this
thin^eommt need at the mere motion of Mr. Lan-
der. (n the first instance, he incurs expense, and
then one branch of Congress calls for his report,
and it is published: and now there is a demand
for payment. It seems to me it is a bad prece-
dent to set. I prefer that the bill should lie over.
I am in favor of thpse explorations, and perhaps,
on examination, I shall not object to this bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator ob- (
jects to the third reading of the bill to-day, it must, i
iie over.
Mr. POLK. I do.
CHICAGO HARBOR.
Mr. DOUGLAS. A joint resolution has come
from the House of Representatives, not on the
Private Calendar, simply as to 'he expenditure of
an unexpended balance of appropriation for the
light-house at Chicago, and the protection of the
| pier, at the end of which the light-house was built;
! It is merely a transfer of appropriation of the tin-
[ expended balance. I ask that it may be eonsid-
i ered now.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution (H. R. No. 11) provid-
Mr. WILSON. The bill has been taken up i| ing for the manner of expending the balance of
for consideration; but if the Senate does not wish
to consider it now, 1 am willing that it should be
passed over.
Mr. POLK. I will not insist on the. objec
forward; but I cannot vote for it as it now stands.
Mr. WILSON. I should like to have the bill
settled m some form.
Mr. MASON. I object to the third reading of
the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill having
appropriation " for repairing the works and piers
i; in order to preserve and secure the light-house at
!j Chicago, Illinois," which had been reported ad-
  | versely from the Committee on Commerce. It
tion, if the Senator is anxious to have it brought "j; provid'es that the unexpended balance yet remain-
" 1 ' ■" . .... j- mg of the appropriation made the 3d of March,
1859, " for repairing the works and piers in order
to preserve and secure the light-house at Chicago,
Illinois," shall be expended in repairing and im-
proving the harbor at Ciiicago; but this is not to
,     _ „ interfere with so much of the appropriation as
received its second reading to-day, if objection be h may have been already required by the Light-
'I house Board for repairs, in order to secure the
' light-house; but it shall bo expended in accord-
! anc.e tt'ith its requisition.
! The joint resolution was reported to the Senate,
I ordpred to a third reading, read the third time,
j and passed.
ELI W. GOFF.
Mr. IVERSON. I move that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of the Private Cal-
endar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no fur-
ther morning business, the Chair will call up the
Private Calendar.
The bill (S. No. 113) for the relief of Eli W.
Goff was read the second time, and considered as
in Committee of the Whole. It will be a direction
to the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to Eli W.
Goff, late inspector of customs for the district of
Vermont, $3,500, for expenses actually incurred
i by him in his efforts faithfully to execute the rev-
1 enue laws of the United States.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
LEE AND JOHN DEATIIERAGE.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 87) for the
relief of Lee Deatherage and John Deatherase, or
their legal representatives. It proposes to correct
erroneous land entries heretofore made by these
parties, and to grant them the land on which they
have actually settled, on their surrendering the
patents heretofore issued to them, with a deed of
relinquishment to the United States.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed. .
! DAVID MYERLE.
i The bill (S. No. 118) for the relief of David
j Myeile, was read the second time.
I Mr. MASON. This claim of Myerle is one of
! very long standing here; and it has been very
; much debated and litigated, and resisted, 1 know,
: by a great many members of the Senate, who are
better informed about it than I am. The inform-
ation I have of it has been derived during these
debates; and, unless some reason can be given,as
far as my vote is concerned, 1 shall vote against
it. It is a large claim—over forty thousand dol-
lars—which has been depending for thirty or forty
years, I think: thirty years, certainly.
Mr. IVERSON. I hope the report will be read.
It was drawn up by the Senator from Florida,
[Mr. Mallory,] who is on the Committee on
Claims, and I think it is rather elaborate.
Mr. MASON. I think, in the absence of that
gentleman, the claim had better go over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill having
received its second reading to-day, if objection be
made it cannot be read the third time.
Mr. MASON. I shall object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the bill lies
over.
WILLIAM WALLACE.
The bill (S. No. 120) for the relief of William
Wallace, ®f Illinois, was read the second time
made, it must lie ov<-
Mr. MASON. I object.
W. P. ZAXTZTXGEIl's SURETIES.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to take up the bill j!
(S. No. 177) for the relief of John R. Nourse and jj
others. _ jj
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was read ,
a second time, and considered as m Committee of j
the Whole. It proposes to release John R. Nourse [j
from the elTect of a judijmentobtained against him jl
by the United States In the circuit court for the j)
District of Columbia, as one of the sureties of jj
William P. Zantzinger, late a purser in the Uni-
ted Slates Navy: and to release the estate of Zant-
zinger of all claims of the United States upon that
judgment as against him.
ilr. MASON. I ask for the reading: of the
report, if there be a report on the bill.
Mr. IVERSON. The Senator merely asks, I
suppose, some reason for taking up this bill out
of its order. I consented, when the Senator from ;
Iowa asked me to allow it to be taken up, because, |
under the circumstances, I thought it proper that j
it should be. It is a good way off on the Calon- j
dar, and may not be reached regularly for weeks, j
or possibly months. It is a case of this charac- i
ter: Nourse was one of the sureties of Zantzmger, !
who was a purser in the Navy during the war !
with Great Britain; and m the celebrated chase of j
the sloop H i.- >K by the British fleet, it became j
necessary to throw everything off the ship,'to j
save her and lighten her, and the purser's stores j
were thrown overboard, by order of the com- i
wander. The accounting officers allowed, under ,
a previous act, a portion of the amount, but they j
rrjuctcd some portion of the account, and ajudg- j
ment has been rendered in favor of the United j
States against Zantzinger and his sureties. Zant- ;
I zinger is dead, but it has gone against his estate j
j and" asramst the securities. Nourse is one of his |
securities, and execution is now, I understand, in :
the hands of the marshal of the district of Wis- i
consin, or perhaps Iowa, and Nourse's property j
is liable at any moment to be sold and sacrificed. ■
It is a just case. The testimony before the com- j
mittee was conclusive to their mind that the purs- j
wrought to havt> been allowed a larger amount |
, for the property which was thrown over during j
I that chase, andto the extent of the amount of this ;
judgment, winch I think is about two or three j
'thousand dollars. We therefore propose that he
be released from the judgment. It is a case of '
some emergency, and therefore I consented to let ^
the bill he taken up out of its order. r
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is the leading of ;|
the report called for ? As the Senator who called f|
for it is not now present, it will pot bf read, un-
h-ss some other Senator desires it.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered ;;
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the third ij
time, and passed. \\
NOTICE OF A BILL. lj
Mr. WIGFALL gave notice of his intention to ■,
ask leave to introduce a joint resolution to con- ,1
tinue the lnjjht-sliip at the entrance of the harbor jj
of Galveston.
