THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF
CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 25, 1860.
New Series No. 35.
" In another letter, wiitten to a fiiend in 1814, he made
Use of tiie following language:
"' Yom favor of July 31 was duly received, and read
with pecuhar pleasuie. The sentiments do honor to the
head and heart of the writer. Mine on the subject of the
slaveiy of negroes have long since been in the 'possession
of the public, and time has only served to give them stronger
root. The love of justice and the love of eountiy plead
equally the cause ofthe<e people, and it is a rep)ouch to us
that they should have pleaded it so long in vain.'
kk Again he says:
"'What an mcompiehensible machine is man? who
can endure toil, famine, stripes, imprisonment, and death it-
self, m vindication oi his own libei ty; and the next moment
be deaf to ail those motives whose power supported him
through his tiial, and inflict on his fellow-man a bondage,
one houi of which is fiangbt with more misery than aires of
that which ho lose m lebelhon to oppose.'
" ' We miht wait witli patience the woikings of an over-
ruling Providence, ami hope that thai is picpanng the
deliveiance of th"se our .brethren. When the mea^uic
of their tears shi!l be full, when their gioans shall have
involved Heaven itself m darkness, doubtlc-s a God of jus-
tice will awaken to then distich. Nothing is moie cer-
tainly wiitten in the Book of Fate, than that this people
shall be fice'
" fn a letter to .Tames Ileaton, on this same subject,
dated May 20,1826, only six weeks before his death, he
savs:
" ' My sentiments have been forty years before the pub-
lic. Had I lepeatedthein forty times, they would have only
becomc the moic stale and threadbare. Although 1 shall
not live to see them consummated, they will not die With
tn^.'
"From the father of the Declaiation of Independence,
we now nun to the father of the Constitution. We will
listen to
"the voice of madison.
"In the convention that diafted the Constitution, Mr.
Madison—
" ' Thought it wrong to admit in the Constitution the idea
that theie could be piopeiry in men.'
kk Advocating the abolition of the slave trade, as we find
in the forty-second numbei of the Fedcialist, he said :
'•'It were, doubtless, to be wished that the power of
piohibitmg the impoitation of slaves had not been post-
poned until the yeai 1808, oi lather, that it had been suli'eied
to have immediate operation. But it is not difficult to ac-
count, either for this lcstuetion on the General Government,
or for the mannei in which the whole clause is expre=<ed.
It ought to be eonsideied as a great point gained in'favor of
humanity, that a period of twenty years may terminate for-
ever within these States a traffic which has so long and so
loudly upbraided the bat ban.-m of modern policy; that with-
in that period it will receive a considerable discouragement
fiom the Federal Government, and may be totally abolished
by aconeuirencc of the few States which continue the un-
natuial traffic, m the piolnbitory example which has been
given by so great a majority of the Union.'
" In the thirty-nmtli number of the Federalist, he says •
"'The fiist question that offers itself is, whetiiefthe
general form and aspect of the Government be strictly re-
publican. It is evident that no other form would be recon-
cilable with the genius of the people of America, and with
the fundamental principles ot the Revolution, or with tnat
honorable deteiminatioa which animates eveiy votary of
freedom, to rest all our political experiments on the capa-
city of mankind ior self-government.*
"Again, he contends that—
" ' Where slavery exists, the republican theoiy bccomes
still more fallacious.'
'* On anothei occasion, he says •
"l \Vc have been the mete distinction of color made, in
the mo>t enlightened period of time, a ground of the most
oppressive dominion evei exercised by man over man."
" the voice of monroe.
" In a speech in the Vitgmia convention, Mr. Monroe
said:
u < YVe have found that tins evil has preyed upon the vei>
vitals of the Union, and has been prejudicial to all the States
in which it has existed.'
"the voice of henry.
"The eloquent Patrick Ilenry, in a letter dated January
18, 17/3, asks:
u' Is it not a little snrpiisingthat the professorsof Chris-
tianity, whose chief excellence consists in softening the
human heart, in cherishing andimprovmgits finer feelings,
should encouragc a practice so totally repugnant to the first
impie-sions of light and wrong? What adds to the wonder
i*, that this abominable piactice has been introduced in the
most enlightened ages. Times that seem to have preten-
sions to boast of high improvements in the arts and sciences
and lefined molality, have brought into geneiai use, and
guarded by many laws, a species of violence and tyranny
which our moie rude and barbaious, but more honest, an-
cestors detested. Is it not amazing that, at a time when
the lights of humanity are defined and understood with pre-
cision, in a eountiy above all otheis fond of hbeity—that in
such an age and in such a country, we find men profe-'smcr
a religion the most mild, Immune, gentle, and gencious,
adopting such a principle, as repugnant to'lmmamtv as it
is inconsistent, with the Bible and destructive to liberty?
Every thinking, honest man i ejects it m speculation. How
tree, nt practice, from conscientious motives! Would any
one believe that [ am mastei of slaves of my own pui elmse ?
I am diawn along by the geneial inconvenience of living
here without them, i will not, i cannot lustify it. How-
ever culpable my conduct, I will so Jar pa\ my devoir to
viitue as to own the excellence and rectitude of her pre-
cepts, and lament my want of cont'oimity to them. 1 be-
lieve a time will come when an opportunity will be offered
to abolish this lamentable evil. Everything we can do is to
improve it, if it happens in oui day ; if not, let us transmit
to our descendants, togethei with our slaves, a pity for their
unhappy lot, and an abhonence for slaveiy. 1 f we cannot
leduce this wished-foi refoimation to practice, let u« treat
the unhappy victims with lenity. ft is the fuitliest advance
we can make toward justice. It is a debt we owe to the
purity of our icligion, to show that it is at variance with
that law which wairants slaveiy.'
" Again, this gieat orator says:
"< It would icjoice my vciy soul, that every one of my
[ fellow-beings was emancipated. We ought to lament and
deplore the necessity of holding ourfcllow-men m bondage.
Believe me, 1 shall honor the Quakers f<  theirnoble efi'oits
to abolish fclavciy.'
"the voice of Randolph.
" That very ecccntiic genius, John Randolph, of Roan-
oakc, in a lcttc\ to William Gibbons, m 1820, says :
" ' With unfeigned lespeet and regard, and as sincere a
depieeation on the extension ot slaveiy and its honors, as
any other man, be he who he may, 1 am your Inend, in
the literal sense of that much abused word. I say much
abused, because it is apphed to the leagues of vice and avar-
ice and ambition, instead of good will towaid man fiom
love of him who is the Pimce of Peace.'
" While in Congress, he said :
" < Sn, I envy ncithei the heart nor the head of that man
from the North who rises here to defend slavery on princi-
ple.'
"It is well known that he emancipated all his negroes.
The following lines fiom his will aie well worth peiusing
and pieservmg:
" ' I give to my slave* tlieii fieedom, to which my con-
science tells me they are justly entitled. It has a longtime
been amattei of the deepest legret to me that the ciicum-
stunces under which I inherited them, and the obstacles
thiown in the way by the laws of the land, have pi evented
my emancipating them in my Utetime, which it is my lull
intention to do mca<c I can aecomph-h it.'
Ci Thomas M. Randolph.
"In an atldi c.-s to the Vngima Legislature, in 1S20, Guv-
ernoi Randolph said •
"' We have been fat outstripped by States to whom na-
tuie has been fai less bountiful. Tt is painful to considei
what might have been, undei otnci circumstances, the
amount ol ^eneial wealth in Virginia.'
" Tfiomas Jefferson Randolph.
"In 1832, Mr. Randolph, of Albemarle, in the Legislature
of Vnginia, used the following most graphic and emphatic
language:
"' I agree with gentlemen in the necessity of arming the
State for internal defense. I will unite with them in any
clibit to re-toie confidence to the public mind, and to con-
duce to the sense of the safety of our wives and our chil-
dren. Vet, sir, I must ask upon whom is to fall the bur-
den of this desense? Not upon the loidly masteis of their
hundred slaves, who will never tutu out except to retne
with their families when dangu thieatens. No, sir; it is
to fall upon the less wealthy ilass of our citizens, chiefly
upon the nmi-slaveholdei. I have known patiols turned
out when there was not a slaveholder among them; and
tins is the piactice of the eountiy. 1 have slept in times of
alana quiet m bed, without having a thought of care, while
these individuals, owning none of this propcity themselves,
weie patiolhng under a compulsory piocess, for a pittance
of seventy-five cents lor twelve hours, the very emtilnge
of my hou-e, and guaiding that property which was alike
flnngeious to thein and myself Alter all, tins is but an ex-
pedient. A< this population becomes moie numeious, it
becomes less pioducnve. Your guaid must be incieased,
until finally its piofits will not pay for the expense of its
subjection. Slavery has the effect of lessening the fiee
population of a country.
• Tne gentleman has spoken of the increase of the fe-
male slaves- being a part ot the profit It is admitted ; but
no great cvjJ can be aveited, no good attained, without some
inconvenience. It may be questioned how fai it is desira-
ble to lo-tet and encouiage this bianeh of piofit It is a
piactice, and an increasing practice, m parts of Vhginia,
to icar slaves foi market. How can an honoiahle mind, a
patnot, and a lover ot his country, bear to see this ancient
Dominion, lendeied illustrious by the noble devotion and
patiiotism of her sons in the cause of libeity, converted into
one grand menagerie, where men aie to be reared for the
market, like oxen for the shambles? Ts it better, is it not
worse, than the slave trade—that trade which enlisted the
laboi of the good and wise of every cieed and every clime
to abolish it? The tiader icceives the slave, a sfra'ngcr in
language, aspect, and manners, from tiie merchant who has
brought him from the mtei ior. The ties of father, mother,
husband, and child, have all been lent in twain; before he
receives him, his soul has become callous. But hcie, sii,
individuals whom the mastei has known fiom infancy,
whom he has seen sporting in tbe innocent gambols of child-
hood, who have been accustomed to look to him for protec-
tion, he tcaib from the mother's arms- and sells into a stiange
country among strange people, subject to ciuel taskmas-
ters.
" 'He has attempted to justify slavery here, because it
exists m Africa, and has stated' that it exists all over the
world. Upon the same principle he could justify Moham-
medanism, with the plurality of wives, petty wars foi plun-
der, robbeiv. and murder, or any other of the abominations
and enormities of savage tribes. Does slavery exist many
pait of civilized Europe ? No, sir, in no put of it."
" Peyton Randolph.
" On the 20th of October, 1774, while Congress was in
session in Philadelphia, Peyton Randolph, Piesident, the
following resolution, among others, was unanimously
adopted:
"' That we will neither import nor purchase any slaves
imported after the 1st day of December next; after which
time we will wholly discontinue the slave trade, and will
neithei be concerned in it ouiselves, nor will we hire out-
vessels, nor sell our commodities or manufactures to those
who aie concerned in it.'
" To the studious attention of those Vandals who con-
tend that the above provision lequnes the rendition of
fugitive slaves, we respectfully commend the following
resolution, which, it will be obseived, was unanimously
adopted:
" k On motion ofMi. Randolph, the woid "servitude" was
struck out, and " scroicc" unanimously inserted—the former
being thought to express the condition of slaves, and the
latter the obligation offree persons.'—Madison Papers, vol.
lii, page 1569.
" Well done for the Randolphs !
" the voice of clay.
" Henry Clay, whom nearly everybody loved, and at the
mention of whose name the American heart always throbs
with emotions of grateful remembiance, said, in an address
before the Kentucky Colonization Society, in 1829 :
" ' It is believed that nowheie in the fanning portion of
the United States would slave laboi be generally employed,
if the proprietor weie not tempted to iaice slaves by the
high price of the southern market, which keeps it up m Jus
own.'
" In the United States Senate, in 1850, he used the fol-
lowing memoiable woids:
"'I am cxtiemeJy sorry to hear the Senator from Missis-
sippi say that he lequiies, first the extension of the Mis-
souri compromise line to the Pacific, and also that he ih
not satisfied with that, but requues, if I understand him
coricetly, a positive piovision ior the admission of slaveiy
south of that line. And now, sir, coming fiom a sla\r
State, as f do, T owe tt to nuself, 1 owe it to truth, I owe
it to the subject, to say that nooauhly power could induce
me to vote lor a specific measure for the introduction of
slaveiy where it had not btl'ote exicted, either fouth or
nojth of that line. Coming as 1 do nom a slave State, it
is my solemn, dehbeiatc, and well-matured deteiinination
that no powei, no eaithly power, shall compel me to vote
foi tbe positive mtioduction of slavery either south or noith
of that line. Sir, while you reproach, and justly, too, our
British aneestois for the introduction ot this institution
upon the continent of Amcuca, 1 am, for one, unwilling
that the posterity of the present inhabitants of California
and of Now Mexico shall reproach us for doing just wliat
we icproach Gieat Britain for doing to us. If the citizens
of those Territories choose to establish «lavery, and if they
come here with constitutions establishing slavery, I am for
admitting them with such pi ovisions in their constitutions;
but then it will be their own work, and not ours, and their
postenty will have to icproaeh them, and not us, for fann-
ing constitutions allowing the institution of slaveiv to exist
among them. These aie my views, sii,and I choose to
evpiess them ; and I caie not how extensively oi univer-
sally they arc known.'
" Heat htm fuither; he says:
" So long as God allows the vita! current to flow through
my veins, ! will never, nevei, never, by woid or thought,
by inind or will, aid m admitting one rood of free terntoiy
to the evei!ai>uug curse of human bondage.'
the voice of bfnton.
" In his Thirty Years' View, Thomas II. Benton says:
" ' My opposition to the extension of slaveiy dates fur-
ther back than 184-1—forty yeais further hack; and as this
is a suitable time for a general declaration, and a soit of
general conscience delivery, I will say that my opposition
to u dates fiom 1804, when 1 was a student at law in the
State ot Tennessee, and studied the subject of African
slavery in an American book—a Virginia book—Tucker's
edition ot Blackstone's Commcntaues.'
" Again, in a speech dehveied in St. Louis, on the 3d of
November, 185G, he says:
' I look at white people, and not at black ones; I look
to the peace and reputation of the race to which I belong.
I look to the peace of this land—the world's last hope for a
free government on the earth. One of the occasions on
which I saw Ilenry Clay rise higher than I thought I ever
saw htm befoie, was when m the debate on the admission
of California, a'dissolution was apprehended if slavery was
not cairied into this Territory, where it never was. Then,
Mr. Clay rising, loomed colossalJy in the Senate of the
United States, as he rose declaring that for no earthly pui-
pose, no earthly object, could he cariy slaveiy into a place
where it did not exist before. Tt was a eat and proud day
for Mr. Clay, towards the latter days of his life ; and if an
artist could have been theie to catch his expression as he
utteied that sentiment, with it? leflex on lus face, and hi.= 
countenance beaming with firmness of purpose,'it would
have been a glorious moment in which to transmit him to
posteiity—his countenance all alive and luminous with the
ideas that beat in his bosom. That was a proud day. I
could have wished that I had spoken the same words. I
speak them now, telling you they were his, and adopting
them as my own.'
"the voice of mason.
" Colonel Mason, a leading and distinguished member of
the convention that formedtheConhtitution.f'rom Virginia,
when the provision for pi ohibiting the importation of slaves
was under consideration, said :
"c The present question cojicernsnottheimporting^iave';
3 5
