I860.}
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
123
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Property in the Territories—Mr. Doolittle.
Senate.
because the paper is a record. Tins is reasoning in a circle.
The appearance makes the record uncontrollable verity,
and the record makes the appearance art unimpeachable
fact. The fact which the defendant puis in is.sue (and the
whole current of State authority shows it to be a proper
issue) is the validity of the record; and yet it is contended
that he is estopped, by the unimpeachable credit of that
very record, troin disproving any one allegation contained
in it. Unless a court has jurisdiction, it can never make a
record which imports uncontrollable vhity to the party over
whom it has usurped jurisdiction, and he ought not therefore
to be estopped by any allegation m that record from proving
any fact that goes to establlsh the truth of a plea, alleging
want of jurisdiction."—Starbuch vs. Murray, 5 Wen., 156.
Sir, upon the ground taken by the Senator, al-
though the law itself be unconstitutional and can
give no jurisdiction to the court over the subject-
matter, still its pretended record is an unimpeach-
able verity. It is a record because it has juris-
diction, and it has jurisdiction because it is a
  record; and that, too, when the Constitution says
it shall neither have jurisdiction nor make a rec-
ord. Upon this doctrine, no State court can in-
quire into the question of jurisdiction, orgo behind
the warrant, and the man must lie and rot in prison
before any inquiry can be made into the legality
of his confinement. It may not be out of place to
illustrate this grave question between the supreme
courts of the States and of the United States by
referring to what is said to have occurred once in
the State of New York, in a justice's court: by
the statute, that cqurt had jurisdiction to render
judgments in civil actions for damages to the
amount of §100; but no jurisdiction in an action
for assault and battery. In the immediate neigh-
borhood of a very honest citizen in the country,
who had just been elected a justice of the peace,
an outrageous assault and battery occurred. CJpon
the instant, the injured party applied to the magis-
trate to commence a suit for his damages. He is-
sued his warrant, brought in the defendant, all the
witnesses were at hand, and the case went right on
to trial without counsel on cither side. Without
any question as to his jurisdiction, the magistrate
heard the cause and gave judgment for the plain-
tiff for $100. The defendant had no money, and
the justice forthwith issued an execution and sent
him to jail. Some young lawyer got hold of the
matter for the«defendant, and wrote at once to the
justice that he must come and settle with the de-
fendant, or he would be prosecuted for false im*
prisonment. He went immediately to the county
seat to counsel with a lawyer, who hud been a
judge of some eminence. As soon as fahly seated
m his office, he Maid, ''Judge, can a magistrate
try an action for assault and battery and lender
a judgment against the defendant'" "Certainly
not; the statute expressly forbids it." "Do you
say that lie cannot try one and render a judg-
ment? I tell you I know he can, for I have
tried one and rendered a judgment." [Laughter.]
Did that magistrate have jurisdiction because he
said he had jurisdiction? Is the doctrine to be
tolerated for an hour that a court of .special and
limited jurisdiction, as all courts of the United
States are, shall have jurisdiction because it takes
jurisdiction? Where are we living' in a free coun-
try, where even the courts are bound by the laws
of the land, or arc we living where men can be
imprisoned at the simple will of the magistrate,
with or without jurisdiction, with or without law?
Mr. President, let us take the United States dis-
trict court for Wisconsin, and see how this doc-
trine of the Senator from Georgia would operate
upon us. We have nearly eight hundred thou-
sand people, and we have no circuit court of the
United States. Practically, we have no appeal
whatever from the district court in any criminal
case. Under the law as it stands, jurisdiction
enough is given to the judge of the district court
of Wisconsin, even within constitutional limits.
The same judge can indict and try and decide upon
all questions of evidence, all questions of law in-
volving the liberty, and even the life, of any citi-
zen uf Wisconsin, and there is no appeal from
his decision—none whatever. Apply the doctrine
for which the Senator from Georgia contends, that
the judge of that court may, with or without con-
stitutional authority, with law or against law, by
his own simple warrant, arrest and imprison any
one of our citizens, and that the State courts of
Wisconsin have^no power to interfere: where are
we ? His doctrine would go to the length of allow^
ing that single judge—I do not desire to speak
with any disrcspect towards the individual who
holds the office; but I am speaking of the doctrine
which the Senatorfrom Georgia contends for; and
that is, that this single judge, by his own mere
will, may arrest and imprison any one of our cit-
izens; that no writ of habeas coiyus can reach him
in prison, or reach him even at the foot of the gal-
lows. Talk to me, sir, of absolute despotism, of
power without restraint! If you apply this doc-
trine to the district court of Wisconsin, there is
not a despotism this side of Algiers that would
compare with it. No, sir, nowhere in any civil-
ized land. Where do we stand when we hear doc-
trines like this avowed? in the United States of
America, or in St. Petersburg, where the will of
the Autocrat is the absolute law?
Sir, the supreme court of Massachusetts has de-
clared that nq, limitation of time shall run against
showing a judicial proceeding to be void for want
of jurisdiction. (Holyokc vs. Haskin, 9 Picker-
ing.) The supreme court of South Carolina main-
tains the same doctrine; and so docs the court of
appeals of the State of New York. I will venture
to say that, in every supreme court of the States,
and the Supreme Court of the United States itself,
the doctrine has been proclaimed a hundred times
over, that where a court proceeds without jurisdic-
tion of the subject-matter, its whole proceedings
are absolutely void—not voidable—to be reversed
if carried up on a writ of error to a superior tribu-
nal; not that they are to stand as valid until re-
versed, but that they arc absolutely nullifies, and
of no more effect than ifapnvate individual should
pretend to render a judgment in_eitl>cr a civil or
criminal case.
I come, now, Mr. President, ^o the second
branch of this legal or constitutional issue be-
tween the Senator and myself, as to whether the
fugitive slave law is or is not constitutional. I do
not propose, at this time, to go into an elaborate
argument of my own, to defend the grounds
which have been argued by the judges of the su-
preme court of Wisconsin. Tln-ir opinions shall
speak for themselves; and they are fully able to
defend themselves. 1 shall therefore content my-
self with reading from^them some extracts. Be-
fore doing it, however, it is due to candor and the
truth of history for me to say that our supreme
court was organized in 1853. Our judiciary is
elective, and the judges of the supreme court, three
in number, were chosen before the Republican
party was organized. Two of them, Smith and
Crawford, were members of the Democratic party;
and neither of them, to this day, has been identi-
fied in political action with the Republican party.
The chiefjustice, however, (Whiton,) was a mem-
ber of the Whig party, so long as that had exist-
ence, the party to which the Senator from Geor-
gia belonged. But upon the reorganization of the
Republican party he affiliated with that, so far as
he acted at all in any political capacity.
Sir, 1 may say that I know the character of that
man, and know it well. Almost all of my legal
practice, when I first went to the State of Wis-
consin, was before him as judge of the first judi-
cial circuit; and \vh*n he was elevated to the
bench of the supreme court of that State, I was
elected as his successor. I know his character
among the people of that judicial district, com-
prising more than one hundred and fifty thou-
sand inhabitants. I know Ulso his character
throughout the State among the members of the
whole bar of Wisconsin, parties and suitors, for
he was an old resident of that State. He took
part in the revisal of the statutes of the Territory
as early as 1839. He was a member of the con-
vention which framed the constitution for that
State; and for more than twelve years he has faith-
fully discharged the duties of the office of judge,
either of the circuit or supreme courts, and some-
times of both. He was a wise and able judge;
and a more pure, upright, or honest man never
sat upon a bench in anvcourt, nor ever wore the
judicial ermine. Not a year has elapsed since he
died; hardly passed his meridian; full of honors;
beloved by all. The State mourned his loss as it
has mourned for no other man, and as States sel-
dom mourn at the bier of the departed dead.
I have felt at liberty thus to speak of the char-
acter of the dead. Of the two other judges, neither
of whom is now upon the bench, but both of whom
are engaged in their profession, I do not feel quite
the same freedom, not because they have not acted
with the Republican party, but because I do not
choose to draw comparisons among the living^
It is but simple justice to them to say, however,
that they stand in the front rank of the legalpro-
fession of Wisconsin. Let the Senator from Geor-
gia carefully read the opinions of Judge Smith in
the several cases of Booth, Ableman, and Rycraft,
to be found in the third volume of Wisconsin Re-
ports, and he will find that they need no eulogy
or indorsement.- They speak for themselves.
They bear the impress ot a master mind, and
would have been no discredit to Chief Justice
Marshall or to Lord Mansfield himself*
Before reading any extracts from these opin-
ions, I will briefly state the facts of the case and
the points taken and decided by the several
judges. This case came before the supreme court
of Wisconsin in three different ways. Misfor-
tunes, it is said, seldom come single; and it so
happened that in the spring of 1854, when the
excitement growing out of the attempt to repeal
the Missouri compromise was raging, and the
whole country was convulsed by a renewal of the
slavery agitation in its most violent and malig-
nant form, a fugitive slave from Missouri.was ar-
rested under circumstances, as alleged, of very
great cruelty. It is said he was knocked down
with a bludgeon and taken with his head wounded
and bleeding to the city of Milwaukee, An in-
tense excitement followed, and he was rescued,
as it is alleged, by Booth, Ilycraft, and qther citi-
zens of Wisconsin, and escaped. The United
States commissioner of the district court imme-
diately issued a warrant to arrest Booth for an
offense under the fugitive slave law, and he was
taken into custody by Ableman, the marshal.
Justice Smith, one of the judges of the State su-
preme court, who resided at the city of Milwau-
kee, upon the petition of Booth, issued a habeas
corpus to inquire into the legality of his imprison-
ment; a duty which his oath to support the con-
stitution both of Wisconsin and of the United -
States required him to do. Had he failed to do
so, he would have subjected himself to the severe
penalty of $1,250; that being, so far as I know,
the only judicial act whereby a judge of the high-
est court of a State may subject himself to a pen-
alty; the denial of the writ of habeas corpus. The
prisoner was brought,and a hearing'was had be-
fore Judge Smith. The case was fully consid-
ered, and Booth was discharged from lmprison-
mentupon four grounds: first, because the warrant
on its face did not sufficiently state any offense
under the act itself; second, because the act itself
was repugnant to the Constitution of the United
States m clothing mere commissioners with judi-
cial powers; third, because the act was repugnant
to the Constitution of the United States in deny-
ing a jury trial to a person claiming to be a free
inhabitant of Wisconsin; and fourth, because the
Constitution of the United States gives Congress
no power to legislate upon that subject. Tl*e
marshal carried this decision up to the supreme
court of Wisconsin by certiorari, and it was
sustained unanimously in full bench, Chief Jus-
tice Whiton delivering the opinion of the court;
concurring in the first three grounds taken by
Justice Smith upon the hearing, bat expressing
no opinion as to the fourth; Justice Crawford con-
curring only in the first, and dissenting upon the
grounds which involved the constitutionality of
the act. In January following, Booth and Rycraft
were indicted for the same alleged offense m the
United States district court. Booth was arrested
upon the warrant of the judge, and taken into
custody. He again applied to the State supreme
court to issue a writ of habeas corpus, which was
unanimously refused by the supreme court upon
the ground of judicial comity, the court holding
that—
"■The courts- of th$ rimed States are presumed to be
competent to hear and determine upon the matter of their
own jurisdiction, and although other courts arc not, in all
ease?, hound by such decision, yet no court is authorized '
to take the matter out of another, whose process* has first
attached, and assume the right of adjudication before the
former has had an opportunity to determine the matter for
itself."'—3 Wisconsin Reports, 145.
He went back into the custody of the district
court. Afterwards, Booth and Rycraft were tried
in the United States district court,convicted,and
sentenced to fine and imprisonment. As I have
