546
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
alone, but the whole Union. Slavery discourages arts and
manufactures. The poor despise labor when performed by
slaves. They prevent the emigration of whites, who really
enrich and strengthen a country. They produce the most
pernicious effect on manners. Every master of slaves is
born a petty tyrant. They bring the judgment of Heaven
on a country. As nations cannot be rowaidcd or punished
in the next world, they must be in this. By an inevitable
chain of causes and cffects, Providence punishes national
sins by national calamities. He lamented that some of our
eastern brethren had, from a lust or' gam, embarked in tlm
nefarious traffic. As to the States being in possession of
the right to import, this was the ease with many other rights
now to be piopcrly given up. He held it essential, in every
point of view, that the Genera! Government should have
power to prevent the increase of slavery.5
'•the voice of m'dowcll.
. "In 18X2, Governor McDowell used this language in the
Virginia Legislatuie:
" < Who chat looks to this unhappy bondage of an unhappy
people, in the midst of our society, and thinks of its inci-
dents or issues, but weeps over it as a curse as great upon
him who inflicts it as upon him who buffers it? Sir, you
may place the slave where you please; you may dry up, to
your utmost, the fountains of his feelings, the springs of his
thought; you may close upon his mind every avenue uf
knowledge, and cloud it ovei with artilicial night; you may
yoke hun to your labors, as the ox, which hveth only to
work and worketh only to live; you may put hun under
any piooevs which, without destroying hi* value as a slave,
will debase and ciush him as a rational being; you may do
this, and the idea that he was born to be fie'o will suivive
it all. It is allied to his hope of immortality ; it is the ethe-
real part of bis natuie which oppie-=sion cannot vend- It
is a torch ht up m his soul by the hand of Deity, and never
meant to be extinguished by the hand of man.' "
Mr. LEAKE. I wish to ask the gentleman for
an opportunity of occupying the floor for a short
time, either now or at the close of this spccch.
Mr. BABBITT. I prefer to closc my remarks
now, and then I will yield to the gentleman. Now,
Mr. Clerk, my purpose in presenting those opin-
ions of distinguished southern men, many of them
of glorious revolutionary memories, was to show,
as I said before I presented these documents, that
Washington, Jefferson, Madison, Patrick Henry,
and a host of others whom I need not now name—
southern men of high renown and great worth—
upon the abstract question of slavery held exactly
the same doctrines which the Republican party of
the North now hold; or, if there be any difference,
they held stronger doctrines upon the subject than
the Republican party holds at tins day. They
go further than we go.
The people of my district are, I think, a fair
sample of Republicans generally; and I do not
know a Republican in that district who claims the
right to interfere with slavery m the States whoie
it now exists. 1 do not know a Republican who
does not repudiate all forcible interference. Not
one of them that I know of would interfere with
it, except by moral suasion.
Now, sir, before I sit down, I will answer why
i have remained hero and heard such false charges
made against the Republican party without re-
pelling them. The reason for my silence is this:
I* in common with a great many other members
on this side of the House, desiring a speedy or-
ganization of this House, in order that we might
proceed to the discharge of the public business,
believed that, if we were silent, and permitted the
swollen and turbid torrent of abuse, false repre-
sentation, and unjust accusation against us, to roll
on unobstructed, it would the sooncrcxhaust itself,
and that we would thereby the sooner have an
organi7ation of the House. A speedy organiza-
tion of this House has been the all-absorbing de-
sire of the Republican heart; and ii.ncc it was that
gentlemen upon this side of the llou'-c would waste
no time in making answers to ihtve false accusa-
tions, in order that we might the more speedily
organize the House.
Those reasons are still operating; and I shall
not now advert to, or attempt to refute, the utterly
groundless and false charge that the Republican
party had complicity in any attempt to invade the
constitutional rights of the South. I would now
go on to refute those charges, but for the fact I
have stated. "When we shall have achieved the
organization of this House, when justice shall
have been done to the suffering creditors of the
Government, then, if 1 have time and opportu-
nity, I will enter upon the easy and pleasing task
of adverting to the evidence by which the extraor-
dinary charges against the Republican party are
attempted to be supported, and showinp-'how
utterly worthless it is.
I will go further, if I am permitted. I will show
that'so far hQ:n the Republican being a sectional
party, it ti great"ntuiox^pjl na?ty: standing upon the
great national principles fathers of the Rev-
olution, walking in their path, seeking to estab-
lish their political principles in this land. And I
will show, at the same time, that their opponents
are the aggressive, if not the sectional party. The
Republican party in the North is standing upon
the defensive, resisting the aggressive doctrines of
the opposite party. They seek to invade no right,
no constitutional privilege of the southern mem-
bers of this Confederation. These men, who arc
so sharp to discover the mote that is in the eye of
the Republicans, do not discover the beam that is
iir their own eye. It would not be parliamentary
to assume that our accusers do not themselves
believe their own accusations. If they do believe
them, they are in the condition in which the Scrip-
ture represents the believer in a wooden god, the
work of his own hands, to be, when it says: " a
deceived heart hath led him astray. Ho cannot
deliver his soul, and say, have I not a lie in my
right hand ?"
Mr. MARTIN, of Virginia. Will the gentle-
man allow me to ask him a question >
Mr. BABBITT. I decline to yield for a ques-
tion at this time.
Now, sir, I have a long list of aggressions by
the South upon the constitutional rights of the
men of the North and the States of the North. It
is a large one, for the aggressions have been
numerous; but I will not present it now. I will
wait for the good time coming. Many of these
aggressions have boon perpetrated through the in-
strumentality of the General Government, which
has been m the hands of gentlemen of the South.
I do not blame them for it. They have a right tn
get control of tin* Government if they can. We
elected a man from the North; but when he got
into the White Ilouse, he grew weak in the knees
and trembled under southern thunder. Some of
these aggessions have been perpetrated otherwise
than through the General Government.
i will present them, but not now. But were
they a hundred fold wlmt they aie, a hundred fold
as numerous and a-* great, no Republican organ-
ization of the North, no man in the North, would
ever mention the treasonable idea of seeking re-
dress for them in any oilier way than through con-
stitutional means and in the Union. They would
not seek to redress them by a dissolution of the
Union, if they could not get redress otherwise
than by a dissolution, they would go without re-
dress. They would never propose the calamitous,
the world-astounding, ruinous, devilish remedy,
of a dissolution of this gloiious Union. You hear,
sii, no pioposition of that kind coming from the
North.
Do gentlemen ever think of the consequences
of a dissolution of this Union > They are many,
and all of them calamitous to the most desperate
degree. One immediate consequence would be,
that this Union, which has attained such a proud
and lofty position among the nations of the earth,
winch has a Hag respected everywhere, upon land
and sea, and which is able everywhere to defend
and to protect itself and avenge all insults, would
be severed into fragments, that would sink down
to the humbled, unprotected, and contemptible
condition of the South American States. A dis-
solution couldnotpeacefully be effected. It would
be done in blood. Suppose it could be done peace-
ably: where, sir, would you draw the line? What
people would be willing to have that line pass by
their doors—aline which would separate the peo-
ple of one section of the Union from another sec-
tion ? If, in God's providence, it must be done, I
would say, let it be done m peace if possible. I
would part rather in sorrow than in anger.
In my opinion you cannot draw that line, and
preserve peace upon it. The thing is impossi-
ble. Your slave property would run over the line,
and there would be no lawful rendition. You
would pursue them across the line, and there would
be resistance, bloodshed, retaliations, burnings,
and arsons: and all sections of this Union would
then inevitably be drawn into a bloody war, and
the land be deluged m fraternal blood. It is just
as inevitable as thai water will find its own le\el.
Feuds which exist between members of the same
families, where they do exist, arc the most bitter
of all feuds. Wars that obtain between the seg-
regated portions of the same people, are the most
bloody, the most savage, and the longest contin-
ued, of any wars that take place in this world. All
history attests the fact. Along this line of a thou-
sand miles—9 line, perhaps, which might run just
by this Capitol—contending armies would contin-
ually fight, and desolate both sides of the line by
fire and the sword. No family could live near it.
The country would soon return back to its ori-
ginal state of uncultivated nature, to its own
primeval forests. No man would desire to live,
or could live here; but the wolf and the panther,
which long years ago prowled in this then un-
broken wilderness, would return to their former
home. The howl of the wolf and scream of the
panther would again be heard along the banks of
the Potomac—yes, and pcradventure breed their
young in the deserted Halls of this Capitol. It
would be a retrogression of two hundred years in
civilization backward towards barbarism.
In the progress of this event, the armies of the
contending factions, with brigands at their heads,
wearing tinseled baubles upon their shoulders, and
calling themselves generals, would rise up by
scores and fight against each other for supremacy,
and exact contributions and forced loans from the
industry of the people. There being no protection
to life or property, the industry of the country
would die out, and the whole land would become
a howling wilderness. Ay, sir, and another in-
dubitable consequence would be, that the peculiar
institution of the South, slavery, upon which she
sets so much value, would die out. It could not
live after the dissolution of this Union.
I had another matter upon which I wished to
make some observations: but, as I have already
consumed more time than I intended, thanking
the House for its attention, I yield the floor to
the gniitlemnn from Virginia, [Mr. Leake.]
Mr. LEAIvE obtained the floor.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I desire to make,
a short personal explanation. I will occupy but
a few moments, and I ask the gentleman from
Virginia to yield to me.
Mr. LEAKE. I will. I am bound to yield to
any gentleman under such circumstances.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. The gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Colfax,] yesterday, used this
language:
l* We will not imitate the example of any gentleman, and
sav that if the elections result in our favor we will submit;
hut if not, that we w ill then disrupt every tie which binds
this Union logethci."*
Now, Mr. Clerk, I suppose the gentleman
| means to cm brace me in this charge. He has, to
; some extent, wronged me, and justice demands
that I shall put my true position right.
In March, 1858, Mr. Seward used the follow-
ing language upon the floor of the Senate:
"The question of slavery in the Fedeial Territories,
which are the nurseries of iutuie States, independently of
all it-* motal and humane elements, involves a dynamical
stiugglfc of two antagomstieal systems, the labor ot slaves
and tiie labor of freemen, for mastery m the Federal Union.
One of these systems paitake<oi an anstoeraticchaiacter;
the other is purely democratic. Each one of the existing
States has staked, or it will ultimately stake, not only its
internal weKaie, but also its; influence in the Federal coun-
cil1?, on the decision of that contest. Such a struggle is not
to be awested, quelled, or leconcilod, by temporary expedi-
ents oi compromises."
Then, in a speech delivered at Rochester, dur-
ing the summer of the same year, he said:
" It is an irrepressible conflict between opposing and en-
during ibices, and it means that the United States must and
will, sooner oi latei, become either entirely a slavcholding
nation oi entirely a fiee-labor nation; eitherthe cotton and
rice fields ot South Carolina, and the sugar plantations
of Louisiana, will ultimately be tilled by free labor, and
Charleston and New Orleans become mart« foi legitimate
merchandise alone, oi else the rvc fields and wheat fields of
Massachusetts and NewYoik must again be surrendered
by then tanners to slave eultuie and to thu pioduction of
slaves,."
In another part of his Senate speech he said:
[ " The nation hasadvancedanother stage; it has reached
! the point wheie intervention, by the Government, for sla-
! very and slave States, will no longer be tolerated. Pie©
, laboi has at last apprehended it^ lights, its interests, its
powei, and its de&uny, and is organizing itself to assume
the government of the Republic."
Further on, in the same speech, he says:
" The interest of the white races demands the ultimate
emancipation of all men. Whether that consummation
shall be allowed to take effect, with needful and wise pre-
cautions, against sudden change and disaster, or be hurried
I on by violence, is all thatieniains for you to decide."
Thus we are informed that he and his party are
organizing to seize the Government as the repre-
sentative of the free-labor system, and when they
get it they leave the South to decide whether w®
will submit to peaceable or violent emancipation.
Here I ask him, if he can emancipate by the au-
thority of the Constitution5 He answers, no.
