124
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 24,
36th"Cong.... 1st Sess.
Property in the Territories-
-Mr. Doolittle.
Senate.
said, the law, as it now stands, practically gives
no appeal whatever, in a criminal case, from our
United States district court. After sentence and
imprisonment, application was made by them to
the supreme court of Wisconsin for a writ of
habeas corpus. It was allowed; and the case was
heard in full bench before the same judges, and
the prisoners discharged out of custody. Judge
Crawford, while dissenting from the other two
judges on the constitutionality of the fugitive slave
law itself, agreed fully with them as to the power
and duty of the State court to inquire into the
legality or illegality of their imprisonment. To
do him no injustice; I will read some extracts from
his opinion:
"The simple question which attracts my attention in this
case is, whether the district court of the United States for
this district had jurisdiction of the offense of which this
petitioner was convicted in that court; because, if it had
such jurisdiction, it matters not how illegal, unjust, or
arbitrary the proceedings in that court may have been, nor
how many errors may have been committed upon the trial;
If the court had jurisdiction of the subject, and of the per-
son charged, it is by no means my duty as a judicial officer
of this State to revise the decision or correct the errors of
that court in a ease properly within its cognizance. That
is the function of a superior Federal tribunal, if such re-
vising power were provided or given or deemed necessary
by Congress.
.$ " The district court of the United States for this District
is a court of special or limited jurisdiction. It can take
cognizancc of offenses punishable by the laws of the Uni-
ted States, and of such offenses it has exclusive jurisdic-
tion ; but it possesses no power to take cognizance of, or
punish offenses against the laws of the State. Of these
latter, the State tribunals have a jurisdiction equally as ex-
clusive as is the jurisdiction of the Federal courts over j
offenses provided foi by the laws of Congress. It cannot
be necessary to refer to authorities to sustain this position.
It is a well "settled principle, that courts of inferior or lim-
ited jurisdiction, which do not proceed according to the
course of the common law, but derive their special author-
ity from statutory provisions, are confined strictly to the ex-
ercise of those powers conferred upon thcirtf and the facts
necessary to give them jurisdiction must appearafiirmatively
on the face of their proceedings, and cannot bepresumed."
* * * * ******
" Suppose, for instance, that a judgment record, coming
from n court of general jurisdiction, should disclose .the
fact, that without affording the defendant an opportunity
to make a defense, and without in any manner citing him
to appear, either by service of mesne process or otherwise,
the court had proceeded cx parte, and rendered a judgment
against the defendant, surely we should be justified in treat-
ing the pioeeeding as coram non judico.
"Now, the return made by the sheriff ofMilwaukie county
In this case, contains a record of the proceeding*' in the
district court, in which this iclator was convicted and
sentenced, winch not only takes away mere piesumption,
but incontestably frhowt  that the district court had no
jurisdiction of the subject complained of in the counts of
the indictment upon which he was convicted; and, if this
position be true, we may appropriately use the language of
Judge Kvans in the ease of Kill us. Robertson, (1 Strobhart's
Law Reports, 1.) It would be a waste of words to attempt
to prove that the proceedings of a court of limited jurisdic-
tion, in a case el< aily without it-? jurisdiction, aie absolutely
void, and may be so declared, whenever the question is
presented, whether directly 01 collaterally.'"— fFwcomw
Repoits, volume 3, page 181.
Chief Justice Whiton concurred in these views
as expressed by Justice Crawford, and lie also,
in that case, reaffirmed the views which he had
dqplarcd in the ease when it first came before the
court:
u It is not my intention <*n the present occasion." he
says,to sav anything on that subiect, (" the constitution-
ality of the fugitive slave law ;") a* my views in regard to
it are unchanged, a further discussion of the questions
growing out of the act, by me, is wholly unnecessary."
After statu1£ that he concurred fully with Jus-
tice Crawford in the views expressed hy him in
the extract which I have read from his opinion,
the learned chief justice continues:
" If the conclusion arrived at by Justice Crawford, that
that court had no jurisdiction to pronounce a judgment, is
correct; in othei word*, if the pretended conviction of the
petitioners, and the judgments against thein, are mere nulli-
ties, it seems clear that they ought to be discharged, it this
court has the power to discharge them.
It will not be denied that the supreme court of a State,
fn which is vested by the constitution oi the State, the
power to issue writs of habcus corpus, and to decide the
questions which they present, has the power to release a
citi/en of the Kmc "from illegal imprisonment. Without
this power, the State would be stripppd of one of the most
essential attributes of sovereignty, and would present the
spectacle ot a State claiming the allegiance of its citizens,
Without the power to pioteet them in the enjoyment of their
personal liberty upon its own soil. Weie we to be told that
we arc without this power in a ease like the present, we
should be obliged so to hold in a ease where not even the
forms of law were observed; when, for instance, a citizen
of this State should be thrown into pnson, by the arbitrary
ordei of a judge of a court of the United States, without a
trial.fi
"In my opinion, the State governments and State courts
are not reduced to this humiliating condition. Tliey are
not obliged to look on and see the citizens of this State
imprisoned for no lawful cause, without the power to grant
that relief which all governments owe to those from whom
they claim obedience. The petitioners must be discharged.'7
Again, he says:
f£ The supreme court of a State, which has power to
issue the writ of habeas corpus, and to decide the questions
which the writ presents, has the power to discharge a cit-
izen of a State from illegal imprisonment."
And an imprisonment under a law of Congress
which the Constitution forbids, is an illegal impris-
onment, for there is no law authorizing it:
"This immunity of the judgments of the couit* of the
United States in criminal cases, from examination by other
tribunals, is not claimed for their judgments m civil cases.
If an action is brought in a State court upon a judgment re-
covered in a court of the United States, or if such a judg-
ment is drawn collaterally in question on the trial of a suit
in a State court, the State court has the power, and it be-
comes its duty, to decide what effect shall be given to it.
The State court does not, of course, possess the power to re-
verse the judgment, but it does possess the power to decide
what effect it shall have upon the case pendufg befoie it."
Sir, it does not possess the power to reverse a
judgment; but it has the power to say that if a
court undertakes to give a judgment in a ease of
which it has no jurisdiction, there is no judgment;
it is coram nonjudice, and absolutely void:
" Having jurisdiction [says Chief Justice Whiton] to try
that suit, it has the power to dccidc every question which
the suit involves. This power of courts, whether State or
Federal, to dccide what effect shall be given to the judg-
ments of other courts, when drawn in question in cases
which are on trial before them, I have never lieai d ques-
tioned. That they have the power, is too plain for argu-
ment."—3 Wisconsin, 175-177.
He also reaffirmed the views which he ex-
pressed when the case was first before the court
m relation to the constitutionality of the fugitive
slave law of 1#50. I will read an extract from
his opinion in that case:
" We are oi opinion that so much of the act of Congress
m question as reters to the commissioners for decision the
questions of fact which arc to be established by evidence
before the alleged fugitive can be delivered up to the claim-
ant, is repugnant to the Constitution of the United States,
and thcreloie void for two teasons: first, because it at-
tempts to confer upon those officers judicial powcis; and
second, because it is a denial of the right of the alleged fu-
gitive to have those questions tried and decided by a jury,
which we think is given bim by the Constitution of the
United States." * * * * '• The fifth article of
amendments to the Constitution of the United States pro-
vides, aniongothei tiling-, that ' no peison fhall be deprived
of life, liberty, or propeity, witbowt dne process of law.' "
u We ate aware that it has been said that slaves are not
persons in the sense in which that term is used in the amend-
ment to the Constitution above leferrcd to. But this, ad-
mitting it to be true, does not affect the question under
consideration, as persons nho are free arc liable to be ar-
retted and deprived of their liherty by virtue of tins act, with-
out having had a trial by a jury of their peers. We do not
propose to discuss the question, whether a slave, escaping
from the State wheie ho iH held to s-ervice or labor into a
State where slavery does not exist, thereby becomes free
by virtuti of the local law, subject only to be delivered up
to be returned again to servitude, as it is a question not
necessarily involved m the consideiatton of the subject
before us. Hut we propose to examine the operation of the
act upon a ftcc citizen ot a free State, and to show that by
it puch a poison may be deprived of Ins liberty without
'due piocess of law."'
After pointing out, in a clear and forcible man-
ner, the mode of operation under the act by which
a free person in Wisconsin may, without hearing
or trial, be adjudged in another State to be a slave,
he continues:
'• We are at a loss to perceive how this proceeding, by
virtue of which a freeman becomes a slave, can be justly
called ' due process ofjaw,' in the sense in which that lan-
guage is used in the Constitution."—3 Wisconsin, G6-68.
Question the soundness of these opinions of that
able and upright judge if you will; confute them
if you can; but where, I ask, is there any evi-
dence of bad faith, of corruption in office, of offi-
cial " perjury," of raising " blood-stained hands
over a violated Constitution:" That Senator owes
it to himself, to this Senate, to the State of Wis-
consin, and to the sacred memory of the dead, to
take back every word that he has uttered on this
floor, calculated to impugn, in the least degree,
the integrity, the unimpeachable integrity, of that
distinguished judge who pronounced the decision
of which he complains.
Justice Smith concurred with Crawford and
Whiton, and went still further,and, in one of the
ablest judicial opinions I have ever read, discussed
the whole subject of the relations of the States to
the Federal Government; entered into that great
battle of the giants—that ever-recurring struggle
between those opposing and enduring forces in our
system of government, Federalism on the one hand
and Republicanism on the other. Sir, so far from
any attempt, on his part, to trample under his feet
the Constitution of the United States, he declares
that—
"The Constitution of the United States is the funda-
mental law of the land."—3 Wisconsin, 13.
He knows no higher law. He does not believe
that a law of Congress, in violation of the Con-
stitution, can confer jurisdiction upon any court
of the United States, and especially upon a dis-
trict court of the United States, one of mere lim-
ited and special jurisdiction. But again, he says:
" J recognize most tully the right of every citizen to try
every enactment of the Legislature, eveiy decree or judg-
ment of a couit, and every pioceeding of the executive or
ministerial department, by the written fundamental law of
the land. Tins must be done in a propei and legal manner,
in conformity with the utlcs prescribed by that same law,
or in accordance with its piovioions; but no law is so sa-
cred, no officer so high, no power so vast, that the rule and 4
line of the Constitution may not be applied to them."
And again, in speaking of the responsibility
which rests upon him as a judge of the supreme
court of a State, sworn to support both the Con-
stitution of the United States and the constitution
of Wisconsin, he uses this language:
" I would gladly escape the responsibility of deciding
upon a question so grave. It would be a much more easy
and quiet coursc to stop here, if I could reconcile such a
course with my sense of duty." * * * * *
'• But lie who takes a solemn oath to support the Constitu-
tion of the United States as well as of the State of Wiscon-
sin, te bound by a double tie to the nation and his State.
Our system of government is twofold, and so i& our alle-
giance. Federal officers feel less, ot this, because then oath
binds them only to the Constitution of the United States;
but State officers have the weight of both resting upon them.
To the latter is peculiarly the duty assigned, or rather upon
the latter, of necessity, does the obligation rest, of ascer-
taining eleaily, and of asserting firmly, the peculiar powers
of both Governments, as cueumscribed by the fundamental
law of cach. To jield a cheerful acquiescence in, and sup-
port to, every power constitutionally exercised by the Fed-
eral Government, is the swoin dutv of every State officer;
but it is equally his duty to inteipose a resistance, to the
extent of his power, to every assumption of power on the
part of the General Government, which is not expressly
granted, or necessarily implied, in the Federal Constitu-
tion."—3 WisconsiiiyQS.
So far from Justice Smith, who went beyond the
other two justices of the supreme court of Wis-
consin, ever declaring that the State.-court of Wis-
consin was prepared to trfat the decision of the
Supreme Court of the United States, as the court of
Georgia declared that they had done, with " con-
tempt the most profound," he uses altogether dif-
ferent language when speaking of the decisions of
that Federal tribunal:
{ I am willing that the decisions of the Supreme Couit of
the United States, m every ca«c detei mined by them, within
the scope of their jurisdiction, should be regarded as lull
and binding authoiity, as the law ot the paitieular case so
determined. But when it is sticnuouMy contended that I
am compelled to adopt their interpretation of the Constitu-
tion and laws of the United States and of then own powers
and the powers of Congress, without thought or mquiiy—to
take ' u'hai i$ urittcn is urittcn' as the end of the law, sim-
ply because it is written ; tiuit my own conscience and oath
must be tamely subjected to the prescriptions of another tri-
bunal, governed by the same laws and bound by the same
oath ; notwithstanding the Inch respect, appioachmg even
to veneration, which I have tor that high tiibunal, 1 must
be permitted to say that no man or body of men is made by
the Constitution the keeper of mv conscience ; nor does it
impose upon any man or body of men the fulfillment of my
official oath and obligations, or the power of releasing mo
therefrom/*
Mr. President, I shall trespass on the patience
of the Senate but a short time longer in reading
extracts from these opinions; but I desire to call
their special attention to the language of Justice
Smith, which I now read:
" The power to guard and protect the libeity of the in-
dividual citizen is inherent in every Government—one
which it cannot relinquish; which was reserved to the
States; which was-never granted to the Federal Govern-
ment ; has never been claimed bv it or for it; but has always
been conceded to the States, without which they could not
exist, because it is obvious that they could claim no alle-
giance or support from their eitr/ens, whom they had not
the power to protect.
w If, therefoie, it is the duty of the State to guard and pro-
tect the liberty of its citizens, it nnM necessarily have the
risrht and power to inquire into any authority bv which that
liberty is attempted to be taken away. But the power to
inquire includes the power to decide. The right of the sov-
ereign to demand by what authority such imprisonment is
attempted, implies the obligation and duty of the person im-
prisoned to respond; the right to demand such authoiity on
the one hand, implies on the other the duty to exhibit it.
"The States and peopl? thereof have delegated to the
Federal Government the power to imprison the citizen in
certain cases, but in none other. So far, then, as that Gov-
ernment acts upon the power thus delegated, the States can-
