1566
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
provides for the allowance to William Wallace
of an increase of pension, at the rate of two dollars
per month, commencing on the 16th day of Sep-
tember, 1858.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
ELIZABETH SPEAR.
The bill (S, No. 123) for the relief of Elizabeth
Spear was read the second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It provides for
placing on the pension list the name of Elizabeth
Spear, widow of Thomas Williams, late private
in Captain Jernigan's company in the Creek war,
at the rate of hull* puy proper, commencing on the
17th day of April, 1858, and to continue during
her life.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
NANCY 31. GUNSALLY.
The bill (S. No. 124) for the relief of Nancy
N. Gunsally was read a sccond time, and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It proposes
to plaee the name of Nancy M. Gunsally, widow
of Lymon M. Richmond, deceased, late private
and musician in Company G, first regiment Mich-
igan volunteers, in the war with Mexico, upon
the pension list, at the rate of half pay proper,
commencing on the 1st of January, 1859, and to
continue during her life.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
3IRS, GENERAL MACOMB.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 67) granting a pension to Mrs. Macomb,
widow of Major General Alexander Macomb.
Mr. PUGH. 1 think we have passed a bill of
that character once during this session; and if so,
this bill ought to bo laid on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is in-
formed that this bill lias been passed by the Sen-
ate as an amendment to another bill. The Chair
will, if there be no objection, lay it aside. The
Chair hears no objection
JOIIN PEEBLES.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 125) reported from the Court of Claims for
the relief of John Peebles.
Mr. POLK. I ask that that bill may lie over on
account of the absence of the Senator from Mis-
sissippi [Mr. Davis.j I do not know what inter-
est he may reel in the bill, but a gentleman who
is interested in it spoke to me about it.
Mr. IVERSON. I can state the reason. The
Court of Claims gave a judgment for only twenty
or twenty-five dollars. Since then the claimant
has adduced some additional evidence. He now
asks that amount to be increased; and the Senator
from Mississippi, if interested at all, desires to
oiler an amendment to the bill to that effect. I
think it very proper to let it lie over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By unanimous con-
sent, the bill may be passed over. The Chair
hears no objection.
MICHAEL NOURSE.
The bill (S. No. 12G) from the Court ofClaims,
for the relief of Michael Nourse, was read a sec-
ond time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It provides for the payment to Michael
Nourse of $2,827 39, as a compensation in full for
his services as acting Register of the Treasury, at
various times between the 16th of February, 1830,
and the 12th of May, 1847.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
JOHN' ROBB.
The bill (S. No. 127) from the CourtofCIaims,
for the relief of John Robb, was read a second
time, andconsidered as in Committee ofthe Whole.
It provides for the payment to John Robb of
$2,876 73, as a compensation in full for his ser-
vices as acting Secretary of War, in the years
1832 and 1833.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and
MOSES NOBLE.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 12S) from the Court of Claims, for the relief
of Moses Noble.
Mr. CLARK. There is a House bill for the
relief of that same individual, which has passed
that body this session. It is No. 253 on the
Calendar. I move that the House bill be substi-
tuted for this, so that we may have a final dispo-
sition of the matter.
. The VICE PRESIDENT. Let the bill re-
ceive its second reading, and then it can bo dis-
posed of.
The bill was read the second time.
Mr. CLARK. I move to lay that bill on the
table, and to take up the House bill, so that if we
pass the House bill, there will be an end of the
matter.
The motion was agreed to.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. C. C.No. 12)
for the relief of Moses Noble.
It provides for the payment to Moses Noble,
agent for the brigGood Hope, and the schooners
Delta, Jasper, Sardine, Five Sisters, Common-
wealth, and Two Brothers, for the benefit of the
persons entitled thereto, the sum of $1,704 68,
for fishing bounties to which those vessels be-
came entitled m the fishing season of the vcar
1852.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. CLARK. Is it necessary now to move to
indefinitely postpone the Senate bill, so as to get
it off the Calendar?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will lie on the
table and never be called up.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Buchanan, his Secretary,* an-
nounced that the President had this day approved
and signed the following acts:
A*i act (S. No. 81) for the relief of Elizabeth
M. Cocke, widow of Major James H. Cocke, late
marshal of the district of Texas; and
An act (S. No. 302) insolation to the return of
undelivered letters m the post office.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the IIouso of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, announced that the House had
passed a bill (No. 543) for the relief of Margaret
Whitehead.
The bill was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
had signed the following enrolled bill and joint
resolution; which thereupon received the signa-
ture of the Vice President:
A bill (H. R. No. 242) for the relief of the le-
gal representatives of Robert H. Morris, late
postmaster of the city of New York.
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 26) constituting
Macon, Georgia, a port of entry for the time
being, for the purposes therein specified, and for
other purposes.
The message further announced that the House
ordered, on the 26th of March, 1860, the printing
of the report upon the meteorological observa-
tions accompanying the report of the Commis-
sioner of Patents.
Also, that the House had ordered, on the 28th
of March, 1860, the printing of ten thousand cop-
ies, in addition to the usual number, of Governor
Stevens's final report of the exploration and sur-
vey of the northern route for a Pacific railroad.
ASBURY DICKINS.
The bill (S. No. I2lJ) from the Court of Claims,
for the relief of Asbury Dickins, was read the
.second time and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It provides for the allowance to As-
bury Dickins of $1,395 88, for his services as
acting Secretary of the Treasury, at various
times, between the 24th of April, 1829, and the
31st of May, 1833, $3,693 37 for his services as
acting Secretary of State at various times between
the 10th day of August, 1833, and the 9th day of
November, ltf36; and $261 *46 for his services as
chief clerk in the Treasury Department, from the
21st dav of June, 1831, to the 7th day of August,
1831 "
Mr. IVERSON. The Committee on Claims
reported an amendment at the last session, but
did not report one this session. I propose to offer
the amendment which was proposed at the last
session. It is to strike out all after the enacting
clause of the bill, and insert:
That the proper accounting officers of the Treasury De-
partment be, and they areheieby authorized and lequired,
to account with, and to allow to Anbury Dickins, late chicf
clerk in the Treasury Depaument, and late chief eleik in
the Department of State, for the time he discharged the
duties ot Secretary ofthe Treasury Department and Secre-
tary of the Department of State, l>y appointment from Pres-
ident Jackson, the same compensation as was then allowed
by law to the heads of those Derailments, deducting there-
from the compensation received by the said A?bury Dickins
as chief eleik of either of those Departments, during the
same tune, to'be paid out of any money m the Treasury not
othciwise appropiluted.
I will make a short explanation of the amend-
ment, and the Senate will decide whether they
will adopt the amendment or take the original bill.
Mr. Dickins was formerly chief clerk in the Treas-
ury Department and in the State Department, and
during the administration of°Genera] Jackson and
also possibly during that of Mr. Van Buren,
while thus acting as chief clerk, in the absence of
the head of the Department, he was appointed
temporary Secretary ofthe Treasury or temporary
Secretary of State, and discharged the duties. He
went before the Court of Claims with his petition,
asking to be allowed the compensation of the Sec-
retary of State and Secretary of the Treasury for
those services, and the Court of Claims allowed
him the whole amount of both salaries—gave
him the salary of Secretary and chief clerk also.
That was in conformity with decisions made by
the circuit court ofthe United States for the Dis-
trict of Columbia and the Supreme Court of the
United States; but the Committee on Claims
thought that was not fair; that, as Mr. Dickins
had discharged the duties of Secretary of the
Treasury, the probability was that some other
man had discharged the duties of chicf clerk, and
therefore he ought not to have more than one sal-
ary. They therefore propose to give him the
higher salary, but deducting the amount which
he received for the lower salary. That,is the
amendment. If that is satisfactory to the Senate,
they will pass the amendment." If they want to
allow him the whole amount of both salaries,
they can reject the amendment and pass the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PUGH. I should like to ask the Senator
from Georgia why it is that he amends this bill
in that particular, and has allowed two other bills
of the same description to pass without amend-
ment?
Mr. IVERSON. No such bill has passed.
Mr. PUGH. Two bills passed within the last
ten minutes—one fornherehefofMichael Nourse,
and one for the relief of John Robb, giving them
the pay of the higher office. In one case the
party was acting as Register of the Treasury,
and in the other as Secretary of War. If this
amendment be made to this bill, I shall move to
reconsider those bills, and put them all on the
same footing.
Mr. IVERSON. I will state to the Senator
from Ohio that they escaped my notice at the
time. This amendment carries out the principle
settled by the Committee on Claims; and if my
attention had been called to them, I should have
moved, of course, to amend those bills; but I did
not hear those bills read, in fact.
Mr. PUGH. I do not oppose this amendment.
I agree with the Senator; but after that has passed,
1 shall move to reconsidcr those other bills foi the
purpose of amending them also.
Mr. IVERSON. That is very proper.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in; the bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
was read the third time, and passed.
MICHAEL NOURSE.
Mr. PUGH. Now I enter a motion to recon-
sidcr those two bills I mentioned. I shall not
ask for its consideration now. I want the motion
to be entered to reconsider the bills Nos. 126 and
127.
Mr. IVERSON/ My recollection is, that
amendments were introduced by the Committee
on Claims to ail these bills; but it was at the last
Congress when this question was decided by the
committee, and I do not remember whether any
