1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2&m
Mr. BURNETT, I desire to interrupt the gen-
tleman from New York just here. He says that
I denied that the President had any knowledge
of the enormous profits made from this Post Oiriee
printing, and undertakes to prove that he had, by
the testimony of Mr. Webster. The gentleman
says that Judge Biack acted in this matter as the
agent of the President. Now, I ask whether
Mr. Webster says any such thing?
■Mr. HASKIN. He states that' he acted by
authority
Mr. BURNETT. The question I propounded
was, whether Mr. Webster, m any part of his
testimony, referred to the President at all. I
have seen that testimony, and I know something
about it.
Mr. HASKIN. Judge Biack said he had au-
thority to make the proposition. From whom?
Why, from the President, who controls the pat-
ronage to be given out under this Administra-
tion, from the Post Oliice blank punting down to
the merest tide-waiter. 1 know something upon
this subject, by sad experience, from the exercise
of his power and authority in my congressional
district in opposition to my reelection.
Mr. BOCOCK. Will the gentleman allow me
to make an explanation in relation to another
* matter than the point on which lie is now speak-
ing? I desire to do it because it is a matter which
affects the purity of the action of tins House. I
understand that it has been stated that the gentle-
man from New York, and other gentlemen, have
the right to bring up in debate before this House
ex parte testimony, taken before the Covode com-
mittee, because this House has given that com-
mittee leave to have the testimony printed for their
own use. Now, sir, that has been the practice of
the House in regard to agreat many of these spe-
cial committees, and it amounts simply to this:
thatacommittee, for their own use, may have tes-
timony printed, but it is with the understanding
thatttshall be kept to themselves. It is not for the
public use, nor for the eye of any other member
of the House, until the committee makes its le-
port and the whole matter is made public to the
world. There is a difference between printing and
publishing. • They have been authorized to print
the testimony for their own use, but they were
in honor bound to keep that testimony to them-
selves. They were in honor bound to keep the
testimony so that it should not go to the world
until the-whole volume of testimony should come
out, and the public have the rightto knowjts pur-
port; and if that committee have so far forgotten
their duty to themselves and to the House as to
allow other members of the House to examine it
and use it in a public debate, in my opinion they
have acted in a manner unbecoming a committee
of this House
Mr. BRANCH. With the permission of the
gentleman from New York, I desire to make a
statement in connection with the same thing, for
I have some partial knowledge in regard to it.
Mr. HASLtlN. 1 hope- this is not to be taken
Out of my time*. ^
Mr. BRANCH. I hope it will not be taken out
of the gentleman's time. I was m the*lIousc at
the time the order to print was taken. The gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Olik,J who made
the request m behalf of the committee, stated that
it was to be printed in strict confidence for the use
of the committee,and it was only upon that state-
mem that I consented to withdraw my objection
to it. And I say now, that if that testimony has
been made public through the instrumentality ol
the committee, it is a breach of the pledge they
made and a breach of the order of the House.
Mr. COVODE. I can set this matter right at
Qnce. This testimony did not come out through
the committee. Mr. Webster furnished the testi-
mony to a Philadelphia paper. It did not get out
through the committee.
Mr. BRANCH. The gentleman from New
York has, within five minutes, stated that the
chairman of the committee showed him the testi-
mony.
Mr. COVODE. Not the testimony as taken
befoie the committee,
Mr. HASKIN. When I stated that I had been
shown the testimony taken before the committee,
as printed, I intended to refer to other testimony
taken before it affecting myself. £ stated that I
^aw Mr. Webster's testimony, as printed in the
public press by his authority, not as printed by
order of the House.
Mr. BRANCH. I would like to know of the
gentleman from New York whether the chair-
man showed him any portion of that testimony
as printed for the use.of the committee? Will
the gentleman from New York answer me that
question?
Mr. ADRAIN. I object to further interrup-
tions.
Mr. BRANCH. 1 would like the gentleman
fiom New York to be permitted to answer my
question.
Mr. ADRAIN. I object.
Mr. BRANCH. Does thegentieman reply that
he did say so ?
Mr. ADRAIN. I rise to a question of order.
The question propounded by the gentleman from
North Carolina is not pertinent to the matter in
debate. I make the point with all deference to
the gentleman.
Mr. BRANCH. My question is pertinent to
the matter which is now being discussed by the
gentleman from New York.
Mr. HASKIN. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose
of affording additional evidence going to show
that Attorney General Black and the President
knew that enormous profits were made out of the
printing of the Post Office blanks, 1 refer the House
to the following agreement:
Washington, March 26, 1859.
Gentli:miw : You were corusuaed by us concerning the
transits wineii has tln.s day boon made between urf oi tho
Union newspaper. You know ttie view* and expecta-
tions wiucti influenced u. ou both Mdes>. While we do not
contemplate the slightest ditlu uity, }etuit> possible that
some eolii-ion oi interest or toine dilliculty or opinion
concerning our rights oi duties may hereatter aribe. In
that event, we hav<j a#ced to leave all questions between
us to your arlntiatih'nt, and yourdooiMonshall b<; binding
and conducive upon us both, ii you idialldilfei, >ou may
choo>e some third poison as an urnpne. It is, as you know,
undeistood between u^, that the purchaser ot the Union
shall not he a competitor with the seller tor any portion oi
the executive work now done l>> .Mr. Wendell at Ins lanje
otiiee, but that Mr. iiowinan shall receive at the rate oi
litctily thousand dollars per annum so long a«i Wemtcll eon
unue-> to do the work as he does it now, but no longer. If
the work aioioatd be withihawn Irom Wendell, his obli-
gation to pa> tiu  ^-JUjOOO f>iiail csmsc. It'any considerable
portion is withdiawn, it will bo lor you to d^cid-* wnetin-r
Wendell's payment *haIJ cea->e, or m what pioportion it
jjlialt continue.
We arc, very respectfully, your obedient scjvant*,
O. WENDELL,
GEORGE W. IK.) W.MAN.
Messrs. A. O. P. Nicholson and J. £3. Black.
That is witnessed by A. 0. P. Nicholson and
J. S. Black. It appears that $20,000 should be
allowed to Mr. Bowman by Mr. Wendell so long
as Wendell should continue to do the work as it
was then done, and no longer. I call the attention
of the House particularly to that agreement, which
Attorney General Black drew up, and to which
his name is signed as a witness.
Much, Mr. Speaker, has been said on the sub-
ject of the extra cost of printing the Post Oliice
blanks. If you will compare the cost of printing
for the Executive Departments in 1845 with the
cost m 1857, you will find that m 1845 the cost
was $9,773 30; and in 1857, under this Adminis-
tration, the amount was $"i5,120 99. This is a
most extraordinary increase. In ]847 the cost of
the whole of theexeCutivepnnting was $12,599 31;
and in 1859 the cost of thatprmting amounted to
$83,703 93.
executive i'riktino.
PoLu 1s
Jldniiuislrotion,
1845 *V'<3 33
18 W yj,510 1-2
lb47 l:2,ofJ9 31
1857  
Ib58  
1859 
Buchanan's
Administration.
 ,^7o,l'2i) 99
  <53,*.33 99
  83,703 93
gol.S&J '
mi)30 91
oljfr-bi VS
§171,168 13
excess under Buchanan over Mr. Polk's admin-
istration during the Mexican war, or $57,056 00
each vear.
This great increase in these expenditures con-
nected with the printing of the Executive Depart- i
ments, is accounted for by the evidence of Mr. |
Wendell, whose evidence is corroborated by that j
of all the other disinterested witnesses. He tes- j
titled that $20,000 of the proceeds went to sus- ,
taining the Constitution, the Pennsylvania*!, and j
the Argus newspapeis, and the balance towards ]
corrupting the elections m Pennsylvania and New j
York. Mr. Wendell has testified that he spent j
from two hundred and fifty to two thousand -two
hundred and fifty dollars in*each oF the districts
named by him in Pennsylvania. He has testified*
that he spent $1,000 in the district whore J.
Glancv Jones was attempted to be once -More
foisted, upon the people: but' who was repudiated-
in theelection of honest John Schwartz. Then^
sir, immediately after Jones was repudiated' by
the people, the President, with his usual con*'
tempt for the people, took him up, and sent hlrri1
•as minister of the United States to Austria.
One reason, Mr. Speaker, why it is necessary
that this abuse in relation to the public printing '
should be checked is, that the public interest ana
the people's rights demand that these useless
home organs of the President shall be extermin-
ated. On tins subject permit me to say, that there
was a time when these organs were respectable,
and ably conducted. They have, however,in con-
sequence of the magnetic telegraph discovery,
anil the improvements inrailroad travel, become
emasculated, and the merest conveyers of twad-
dle and wild denunciation. The National Intelli-
gencer,in its day, was the organ ofsomeofourear-
lier Presidents—Madison, Monroe, and Adams.
The Telegraph, under Duff Green, was the organ,
for part of the time, of Ge^ral Jackson's admin-
istration. The Globe was a respectable and able
organ, under the editorial management of Blair
& Rives, of the administration of Mr. Van Buren.
But, sir, the present organ of the present Admin-
istration would disgrace the meanest village of
the Confederacy. It is a known and recognized
fact that we receive the news of what transpires
in Washington from the enterprising New York
and Philadelphia newspapers—through the New
York Herald, the Now York Times, and the New
Yoik Tribune, and Forney's Philadelphia Press,
and the other principal papers of the ktrge pities.
The evidence goes to show that $19,000, paid out
of the public printing, was the amount annually
sunk in the publication of the Constitution, the
homeorgan of Mr. Buchanan; published to gratify
his own vanity and the garrulous prejudices ofhia
Attorney General. In view of that amount, the
luxury certainly becomes too expensive to the
nation. It is an expense that ought to be lopped
oil'.
I trust, Mr. Speaker, that the proposition which
was made by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gur-
ley] will receive the favorable consideration of
the House; and I trust, in addition to the reform
contained in his propositions,-which, [ believe,
will be a very great one, but which will not take
effect until the 4th of March, 3861, that we shall
immediately adopt the last resolution reported
from the Committee on Public Expenditures, or
pass the bill which has come from the Senate,
reducing the present rates of printing twenty-live
per cent., with an amendment increasing the re-
duction to forty per cent. I want this House to
apply the legislative scalpel, and remove this ter-
rible excrescence on the body-politic, growing out
of the existing public printing system. 1 call for
a vote on the pending amendment.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs on the
substitute proposed by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Gurley,] as modified.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The House will see
that tho matter here is made subject to the ap-
proval of the Joint Committee on Printing'. It is
an executive function; and I move that the sub-
stitute shall be so amended as to be subjcct to the
approval of the President of the United States.
Mr. HASKIN. So far as I have any control
over the question, I am willing that that amend-
ment shall come in, and be voted on.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. My object is to get
rid of this supervision of the Committee on Print-
ing-
Mr. HICKMAN. Am I to understand that a
contract can be made by one member of this Hou^c,
binding the body? I undeistand the gentleman
from New York to say, so far as he was concerned,
that he expressed his willingness that the amend-
ment should be received. Objection has been made
to the amendment on this side of the House; and
I desire that that objection shall be listened to.
Unless the gentleman from New York has author-
ity to bind the members of this body, I trust that
the Speaker will note my objection.
The SPEAKER. If objection be made, the
amendment cannot be received.
