I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL OLOBE.
125
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Property in the Territories—Mr. Doolittle.
Senate.
not interfere to protect the citizen,; butffci every other case
they not only have the power, bin it is their solemn duty,
to mteipose their authority. An the powci by which the
Federal Government can imprison is a delegated power, it
must necessarily appear, in every case wheie it imprisons,
that it is acting m conformity with some power delegated.
It must be 'nominated in the bond.' It* jurisdiction is
never presumed, but must always affirmatively appear."—
3 Wisconsin, i93,194.
Having read a brief extract from his opinion,
bearing on the question of the power and duty of
the State court to inquire into the causes of im-
prisonment, I shall now read one or two extracts
on the subject of the constitutionality of the law
of Congress, under the clause of the Constitution
in relation to the rendition of fugitives from ser-
vice or labor. That clause is as follows:
"No person held to service or labor in one State, under
the laws thereof, escaping into another, shall, in conse-
quence of any law or regulationtherein.be discharged irom
such seiviee or Jabor, but shall be delivered up on claim of
the paity to whom sucli service or labor may be due."
Speaking of this clause, the learned judge said:
" It is admitted that the States can pass no law or regu-
lation by which the fugitive from service or labor may be
dischaiged therefrom, it ia fuither admitted, that a duty
is enjoined upon the Sta(cs  to deliver htm up, on chum of
the person to whom such serviced labor is due. This cov-
enant or compact has the foice of constitutional law ; and
no State law u-pugnant to its provisions can be valid, but
every such law !•  void." * * * * a
" Let it lie taken for granted that this clause was intended
to reter exclusively to fugitive slaves, of which, I think, the
history of its adoption into the Constitution leaves no
doubt; the question at once auses, in.w lai, and in what
particulars, does it ailectthe persons alluded to in it? 1.
Itcontemplates the fact thatcertain persons weie, ormight
be, held to seiviee or laboi in oneor more States under the
laws thereof. 2. That it was by the laws of such State or
States alone, under which such persons could be held to
seiviee ot laboi. «'3. That the laws or legulations of the re-
spective States under winch such persons mnrht be held to
service or laboi, oi dn-ehaiged thorefiom, mmht be different.
4. That such persons might escape fiom one State, in which
they were held tolabot undertlie laws? theioot, into another
State, m which such peisori* weie held to laboi under dif-
ferent laws.onn which they weie, by the law^of the State,
dischaiged irom seiviee or laboi. 5. That the hPivice oi
labor here spoken ot is of a kind which is exacted of such
peisons by law, and not of a kind stipulated for by con-
tract,and hence is in rc-^tramtot, andderogatoiy to. human
hbeitv. 6 That such persons,escaping lioin one State into
another, should not be discharged by the laws of the State
to which they may have fled; but that the condition of the
fugitive should remain the 'cune m the Stall' fiom which he
had fled, in case the pewrn to whom he owed the seiviee
should choose to claim him and convey him thither. 7.
That in the event of a elaim by the person to whom the
fugitive owed the service under the laws of the State from
which he fled, being made, he should be delivered up, on
establishing the fact that the labor or service of the fugitive
was due to Mich < humant.
"Fiom this analysis of the clause of the Federal Con-
stitution above quoted, it will l>e seen that the statin of the
fugitive h essentially diffeient in this State fiom his status
or condition in the State fiom whence he fled, hi the lat-
ter, he icmained Mtbject to all the disabilities o! his cla*s,
though he may lup-e escaped fiom the doimeil orptemises
of hi* master, time, he 11 entitled to the lull and complete
grotection of our law*, as much so a« any other human
emg, so long as he is unclaimed. He may sue and be
sued ; he may acquire and hold property; he is, to all in-
tents and put po*es, a free man, until a lawful claim is made
for him; and this clann must be made by the person to
whom Ins service or labor is due, under the laws of the
State fiom which ho escaped. No one clr-e can interfere
-with linn. If no claim is Vet up to hi* service or labor by
the peison to whom hi* service or laboi is due, there is no
power, or authority, or person on eaith, tliat can derive any
advantage fiom hi* former condition, or asseit it to his piej-
udiee. So long a> the owner does not choose to assert his
claim, the cottage of the fugitive in Wisconsin is as much
his castle—his. property, hbeity, and petson are as much the
subject of legal piotection, as those of any other person.
Oui legal tubunals arc a> open to Ins complaint or appeal
as to that ol any other man. He may never be claimed;
and, if not, he would lemam forever free, and transmit free-
dom to his pohtentj bom on our soil."—3 Wisconsin, 16,17.
One more extract on this clause of the Consti-
tution :
'•Its fair scope and true intent do not require of the free
State* any recognition of the ownci of the fugitive m him
os property. That wa-> su ver lequned of them, and would
have bcen'seouted had it been proposed. The clause simply
requires that the States into which the fugitive shall e^-ape
shall not discharge him fiom s«'i\iee, but deliver hnn up.
He is recognized simply a* a person ow tng service, not as a
chattel, or as any species of p.opeuvto be sold or batteled.
In Yngmia he may be, indeed, a chattel; hut m Wisconsin
lie is a man. The laws of Virginia make him a chattel
there; but the. Constitution of the United States and the
laws of Wisconsin legard him as a person here. Under the
Constitution the fugitive leaves the attiibute of the chattel
behind him in the State from which he flees,and goes forth
as a person. The law winch makes hnn propeity in Vir-
ginia does not go with him beyond the limits of that State.
On his escape fiom .such Hunt*, he ceases to be pioperty,
but is a peison liable to be reclaimed. The person may
escape, but the property cannot. The States are no more
bound to recognize the fugitive slave as property, than a
fugitive apprentice as property. The relation of master and
servant is recognized so far, and so far only, as the obliga-
tion of service is implied from such r<%tion."
I will suppose this case: by the common law of
all the States, a child is subject to its parent until
it arrives to the age of twenty-one years. Suppose
some one of the States should pass a law by which,
at the age of fifteen, every child should be emanci-
pated from its parent; and that a child over the age
of fifteen, and under the age of twenty-one, should
escape from one of the other States into the State
where such a law had been enacted: would the
parent claim that child as property, or would he
claim it simply because, from the relation he bears
to the child, he has a right to the custody of its
person, and to its services, until it is twenty-one
years of age?
But to continue:
" The i elation of master and servant is recognizcd so far,
and so fur only, as the obligation of service is implied fiom
such relation. Even such obligation is not recognized as full,
complete, present, and operative, but as attaching to that
relation in another State. So much of the law of die State
fiom which he fleet as required of him service to his master
there, is to be regarded, and fiom that obligation of service,
imposed by that law, the State may not discharge him. The
law of Vngimn, which requires of the slave service to his
master, is lecoguized as the law there^ not here. We may
not dischaige a fugitive fiom service which, by law, he
owes in Vuginia. But by that law he owes no service here.
The master may eaptuie him in Wisconsin. We must de-
liver hnn up to his master on the establishment of his claim;
but his mastei has no light to command his service in Wis-
consin. He must not beat him. lie may take him back to
Virginia; buthe cannot command Ins service here. When
ho gets to Virginia he will owe seiviee by the law of that
State, but not till then. By the law of that State, he owes
the service, and by that law only. That is the law of Vir-
ginia, but not the liiw of Wisconsin. If the master demand
hervicehere oi hi'? fugitive, and beat him lor d^obedicnee,
j he is punishable by oui law?:. Nor could the master, having
captuicd the fugitive in tins State, sell oi hue him to an-
other. He has just the contiol o\cr lum icqui*uc to his
e\tiadition, and no moie. He may relmqui-h that light,
and so emancipate him; for *ueh reHnqui*hm"nt would
operate emancipation ; but he cannot sell and transfei his
right of cxtuuiition to another."
Mr. President, I dare not trespass longer on
the patience of the Senate by reading extracts
from the opinions of these judges. 1 would gladly
road them all. I could not, in justice to them,
after what has transpired here, have read less. I
commend them to the consideration of the Senate
and the country as the opinions of able judges,
of earnest and thoughtful men, grappling with the
gravest questions underlying our whole system of
Government.
For myself, it is due in candor for me to say
that, had I been consulted as a lawyer, and asked
my opinion upon the question of the power of
Congress to legislate on the subject of the rendi-
tion of fugitives froni service, upon the weight of
judicial authority, as it stood before this case
arose m Wisconsin, I should have said, undoubt-
edly, that ffie courts had pronounced in favor of
that authority; but since that question arose in
the State of YVisconsin, and has been so thor-
oughly discussed, and since my earnest attention
has been drawn to the question, it is equally due
to candor for me to say that 1 fully agiee with
Judge Smith m the analysis and construction
which he has given of that clause of the Consti-
tution of the United States, as the ablest and the
best that I have ever seen. Mr. Webster, him-
self, although inclining to Federal views, and
ready to acquiesce in the opinion of the Supreme
Court of the United States on that subject, still de-
clared, in his speech on the 7th of March, 1850—
" I have always thought that the Constitution addressed
itself to the Legisiatuies of the Slates themselves, or to the
States themselve*. It says, that those persons escaping to
other States, shall be delivered up, and I confess I have
always been of the opinion th.it it was an injunction upon
; the States themselves. When it is said that a person es-
j caping into another State, and becoming, therefore, within
t the jurisdiction of that State, shall be dehveicd up, it
1 fiecifl* to me the import of the parage is, that the State
| itsfh. m obedience to the Constitution, shall cause him to
1 be delivered up. That i* mv judgment. I have always
[ enteitamcd that opinion, and I entertain it now."-— Con-
I grcssional Globe, volume 21, part first, first session, Thirty-
| First Congress, page 4*1.
| I am informed thatjudge Butler,of South Caro-
j Una, and, i believe, Mr. Calhoun also, were of the
| panic opinion upon this clause in the Constitution,
as an original question. It seems to me that such
must be the fair construction given to it by every
mind brought up in the stuidy school of old Re-
publicanism. The question is, indeed, a grave
j one, and not without its difficulties. The weight
I of judicial authority, X confess, is on one side;
but the weight of reason is upon the other. The
supreme court of Wisconsin deemed it theirdaty
to yield to the latter, and to construe the Consti-
tution , under the rule of General Jackson, as they
understood it, and not as it.was understood by-
others. While thesupreme courts in other States,
and lately in the State of Ohio, I believe, hate
held otherwise, and have yielded to the weight of
judicial authority, a large majority of the Repub-
licansof Wisconsin maintain the views expressed
by their supreme court, it is equally true, at the
same time, that there are some, able and honest
as any, who dissent. It is not made, in the State
of Wisconsin, a strict party question. It is at the
same time true, that vegy many of the Democratic
party ^>f that State still hold on to the doctrines,
which they were taught in the school of Jefferson
and Jackson, that it is the right and the sworn
duty of every court and every tribunal to con-
strue the Constitution, upon their official oaths,
as they understand it, ana not as it is understood
by others; and who still cherish the old Repub-
lican doctrine of State rights. I, therefore, do not
stand here to-day as the representative of the Re-
publican party throughout the country on this
(Mcstion. I know that great men, and good men,
differ'upon thisquestion; but I stand hereto speak
for myself, and to let the judges of the supreme
court of Wisconsin be heara on this question
here, where they have been assailed as no court
or tribunal has ever been assailed on this floor.
Mr. President, as to that other and still graver
Suestion, whether the Supreme Court of She
nited States is to be the sole and ultimate judge
as to what powers are delegated by the Constitu-
tion to the Federal Government, and also as to
what powers are reserved to the States, and
whether, upon all constitutional questions, the
supreme courts of the States are inferior and sub-
ordinate to that court, it is, as I have said, and it
always has been, the battle-ground of the political
giants m this country. It was in the struggle upon
this very question, in 1798, between the Jeffersons
and Madisonsupon the one side, and the Hamil-
tons and Marshalls upon the other, that the old
Republican party was born. That struggle has
been renewed at various periods during our his-
tory, and must, in the very nature of our institu-
tions, occasionally arise through all coming time.
Upon the one side, it is always alleged, ana I con-
fess with much force, that if a State eoufrt, upon
constitutional questions as to the reserved powers,
is coequal and coordinate with the Federal Supreme
Court, a law of Congress might sometimes be
declared to be void, and annulled by a State court,
and a conflict of jurisdiction arise, not only of
jurisdiction, but of actual force, between the min-
isterial officers who execute the process of the
courts; and, if followed up by both governments,
State and Federal, it might result in actual civil ^
war. Grant that such might possibly be the re-
sult; that such a contingency might possibly arise.
Civil war is, indeed, a terrible calamity, but tha
very fact that it is so terrible would lead all par-
ties to do all in their power to accommodate the
difficulty, to postpone and to remove, if possible,
forever, the special cause which produced it. But,
sir, terrible as it is upon one hand, still greater dan-
gers would _arise from conferring 011 the Federal
Supreme Court the absolute power of construing
the Constitution of the United States, not only for
itself, but forall other departments of the Govern-
ment, and for all the courts of the several States.
In the language of Mr. Jefferson, the Constitution
on this hypothesis would become "a mere thing
of wax in the hands of the judiciary, which they
may twist and shape into any form they please.
(7th volume Jefferson, 134.) Such a tribunal, com-
posed of men chosen for life, with supreme author-
ity over all other departments, and with power to
prescribe the limits of their own jurisdiction, ieads
of necessity to absolutism and consolidation. I
mean no disrespect to the personal characters of
the present judges who sit upon the bench of that
court when I say that. Power in human hands,
wherever lodged, tends to enlarge itself. This is
especially true of judicial tribunals. With a brief
judicial experience, and yet long enough to learn
the severe picssure upon the mind of the judge,
where the law is doubtful, to decide what the law
ought to be in order to meet the case in hand, and
with what relief-—I may say, joy even—his anx-
