1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
547
I then ask him by what authority he proposes to
overthrow the system of labor now existing in
the slave States f He answers by a higher law.
This will place the Government upon human will;
this will make the Government a despotism, be-
cause all governments resting upon human will
are despotisms. This will be overthrowing our
present constitutional Government by a peaceable
revolution. Against this revolution I propose to
resist, and will resist. While the Government is
limited strictly to the powers of the Constitution,
and all the rights of the States and of the people
thereof are strictly regarded and granted, I am
for the Government, and will stand by it.
Mr. HARDEMAN. My notice has been called
this morning to a letter of mine, which was writ-
ten the second week _ of the session, and which
recent events have convinced me, places some
members in a false position before the House.
That letter was not written for publication; but it
having been published for want of a little caution
on my part, for I attribute no blame to the pub-
lisher, I sat down as soon as I saw it published,
and put myself and friends right upon the record.
But as the paper that contains a synopsis of my
explanation does not circulate thus far from home,
and as I noticed this morning that the first letter
was published in a New York paper, I deem it
my duty to put myself and my friends right upon
the record.
That letter was written, as I said, the second
week of the session, and I am convinced, from
revelations that have been since made, that I then
labored under some erroneous impressions. I
stated in it that there were several of the anti-
Lecompton members of the House who would
vote for Sherman. Since then that declaration
has been verified; but I am glad to state that, as
regards others of that party, I was doing them
injustice, as their course since has proved; and I
rise to disclaim any intention of that sort. They
have put themselves right on the record, with the
exception of one or two; and I trust that when
the time comes that their votes will be needed,
they too will be found " right side up with care."
Again: I stated that [ believed that there was
a portion of the Democratic party who would not
under any circumstances lend their influence to
the election of an American, as they were so car-
ried away with party feeling that they would vote
for none but one of their own party. I am happy
to state that m that I was in error, for the course
of a great portion of the Democratic party South
has convinced me that they have been willing,
and are still willing, if the exigency should arise,
to unite on an American as Speaker of the House.
Again: I stated in the letter the result which
I thought would follow the introduction of the
resolution of the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Clark,] and while I then thought, and now think,
the introduction of that resolution impolitic and
unwise, I would not impugn the motives of the
gentleman who introduced it, for his conduct on
this floor has satisfied me that he was sincere in
his course.
I have thought that it was due to myself and
due to my friends on this floor, that I should
make this explanation. In regard to the relation
existing between my anti-Lccompton friends and
the Republican party, I will state that recent events
and a close observance of their conduct have con-
vinced me that I was in error as to the final course
of one or two of them. So much I have thought
it my duty to say to this House; because, as I
stated, the letter which explained my first letter,
may never reach my friends' constituents.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. That letter
has been copied in papers ill my district, with a
' "iew, doubtless, of prejudicing gentlemen who act
with me on this side of the House. Among other
tilings, it contains this sentence:
" I have heard the speakers denounce Sherman as unfit
to live and as unfit to die, and have seen them, at the eon-
elusion of their remarks, arm Sherman and walk off in
social glee ! So much for their sincerity and honest indig-
nation."
Mr. HARDEMAN. That is what I alluded
to just now. As I stated, the letter was not writ-
ten for publication; and therefore was not worded
with that care with which it would otherwise have
been. I meant to say that while speakers de-
nounced the Republican party, I had_ noticed that
with a great majority of them that did not affect
their social relations.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I suppose
the gentleman did not mean that he had seen gen-
tlemen on this side of the House, after denounc-
ing the Republican candidate, walking out of the
Hall with him.
Mr. HARDEMAN. I have seen what I stated;
but I have since found out that it was a business
transaction entirely. [Laughter.]
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I am sat-
isfied that the gentleman did not see me do that.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I wish to make a
personal explanation -with regard to my personal
feelings m the matter of this resolution. I,never
read the letter of which the gentleman from Geor-
gia speaks, and do not take to myself articles that
appear in newspapers, unless they make imputa-
tions against my moral integrity. That resolution
was introduced by me, as I have frequently re-
marked, with no personal ill-feeling towards Mr.
Shermax, the Republican candidate for Speaker,
apart from what 1 considered to be an improper
act of his—namely, the recommendation of that
book. So far as that affects his political or social
character, he must of course bear it. Whether
the intercourse which he has heretofore had with
gentlemen on this side of the House was friendly
or otherwise, I leave the country to judge. As
a representative of my constituents, regardless
of personal friendship, I felt it to be my duty to
resent oil this floor, and in a public form, what I
regard as an attack on their rights, individually,
politically, and socially. I intended by thatrcso-
lution to denounce in the strongest manner the
action of those who had so far forgotten their duty
as to recommend an invasion of the political and
personal rights of a people outside of their juris-
diction, over whom they had no sort of constitu-
tional control, and with whom they had no right
to interfere.
I have seen letters from this Capitol comment-
ing oil my course, and stating that, strange as it
may seem after readingmy resolution and speeches
denouncing the acts of the Republican party, I
have been found m social intercourse with gen-
tlemen oil that side of the House; and that I had
even evidenced my good feeling so far as to an-
nounce upon this floor that there were gentlemen
upon that side of the House. [Laughter.]
Now, Mr. Clerk, 1 have had many a political
contest in my life. This Govermnentis based upon
the will of the sovereign people, and I have some-
times succeeded in my political efforts and in my
canvass, and have sometimes been defeated. I
at all times bow to the will of the sovereign peo-
ple; and while I have denounced, frequently in
teims of bitterness, the acts of my political oppo-
nents entertaining the sentiments to which I gave
utterance in the language I employed, yet when
I have ascertained that a majority of the sovereign
people, on passing in review the acts of myself
and those of my opponents, have foundjudgment
against me, I have regarded it as my duty to bow
in submission to the will of the people.
My object in introducing this resolution was
not to create personal strife here. It was for
higher and nobler purposes. It was to warn the
South and to warn my constituents that there
was a party organization in this country, and that
there were sixty members m this House who had
lent the influence of their names to doctrines cal-
culated to destroy the Union, and which strike at
the peace and security of the hearthstones and
firesides of those who have charged me with the
duty of representing them upon this floor. En-
tertaining these sentiments, I gave an opportunity
to those who were included m that charge to ex-
plain to the House and the country what were
their objects, their purposes, and the ends they
had in view. I did it to warn my constituents
against the impending danger that awaited them;
I did it to enlighten the country, and especially
my constituents, so far as I could, in my place as
their representative, that the doctrine of the irre-
pressible conflict, as announced m aliigher quarter,
had been seized upon by members in this House,
and sent broadcast over the land, in a manner to
endanger the peace and safety of our constituents,
and destroy the peace and safety of our families.
This was my object.
Mr. SHERMAN. The gentleman from Mis-
souri, for the first time, I believe, has announced
that it was his purpose, in introducing this resolu-
tion, to give gentlemen an opportunity to explain
their relations to the Helper book. I ask him
now, whether he is willing to withdraw the reso-
lution, for the purpose he has indicated, tempo-
rarily, or for any time ?
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I will endeavor
to answer the gentleman. I avowed my purpose
frankly, at the time I introduced the resolution,
in the remarks with which I accompanied its intro-
duction.
The gentleman from Ohio propounds the ques-
tion more directly, whether I am willing to with-
draw the resolution for the purpose which I avow?
Sir, at the very instant it was offered I gave the
gcntlemftn that opportunity, and I have given it
to him since. I say to that gentleman that he
has had two opportunities to make that explana-
tion; but he has failed to relieve himself frbm the
responsibility he took when he signed that book
ana recommended its circulation.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will say that that oppor-
tunity has never been rendered to me. When the
gentleman introduced his resolution, offensive in"
its character, at an improper time, in an improper
manner, he cut off—what he says now he desires
to give—an opportunity for explanation. It is true
that, three days afterwards, when the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Millson] appealed to me, I
stated to him frankly how my name became con-
nected with that paper. I did not sign the paper;
but it seems that Hon. E. D. Morgan, a member
of the last Congress, and a friend of mine, came
to me when I was in my place, and asked me to
sign a recommendation for the circulation of a
political pamphlet, to be compiled by a commit-
tee, of which Mr. Blair, a slaveholder of Mis-
souri, was one, from a large book by Helper, a
North Carolinian. I said to him that I had not
time to examine the book; but if there was noth-
ing offensive, in it, he might use my name. There-
upon, this gentleman attached my name to that
paper. This information I did not have at tho
time the gentleman from Virginia addressed me;
but I said to liini I had no recollection of having
signed the paper, but presumed I had, from my
name appearing in the printed list. I subsequently
acquired it from Mr. Morgan, whose letter was
published. That, I believe, was sufficient, under
the circumstances. I knotv there are members on
that side of the House who have considered it as
satisfactory; and my friends so regard it. At the
time, I stated that 1 had not read the book, that
I did not know what was in it.
The gentleman alludes to another time. The
other day, when this subject was again brought
before the House by him, in language which,
although he claims to be courteous, I could not re-
gard as such, when I was,byimplicationbutwith
a disclaimer of personal offense, charged with dis-
seminating treason, with lighting the torch in the
dwelling of my southern brethren, and with crimes
of which, if I was guilty, I should not be entitled
to a seat upon this floor, I then rose in my place,
and told the gentleman from Missouri that if he
would withdraw that resolution I would answer
this book page by page, or those extracts one by
one, and tell him whether I approved them or not.
The gentleman refused to withdraw the resolntion.
Long ago he was notified by me, and my friend
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Morris] announced oil
the floor that his resolution was regarded by me
as a menace, and, if withdrawn, would lead to a
frank avowal or disavowal. I say now, Mr.
Clerk, that I do not believe it is the desire of tho
honorable gentleman to give me that opportunity.
If he does desire it, I am willing to do now what.
I said I would have done then. And I say, with
equal emphasis, that never, so help me God,
wliether or not the Speaker's chair is to be occu-
pied by me, will 1 do so while that resolution is
before this body, undisposed of. I regard it as
offensive in its tone, unprecedented, unparlia-
mentary, and an invasion of the rights of repre-
sentation. Under the menace clearly contained
in it, I never will explain a single word contained
in those extracts. [Applause from the Republi-
can benches and the gallery.] If the gentleman
will withdraw his resolution, even for a moment,
to relieve me from the menace—he may reinstate
it afterward if lie chooses—I will then say what I
have to say in regard to those extracts. But while
it stands before the House, intended as a stigma
upon me, and sustained by an argument without
precedent in parliamentary history, he cannot ex-
pect me to say more than I have done. I beliera
not onlv my friends, but the gentlemen on the
