1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1567
amendments have been reported to those bills at
this session. They can be very soon drawn up
by the clerk. The same principle precisely is
involved
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The Senator from Ohio moves to re-
consider the vote passing the bill for the relief of
Michael Nourse.
Mr. PUGH. I will not ask to have the vote
on that motion ,to reconsider taken now. The
bills may lie on the Calendar until next week, and
I can draw up an amendment, or the Senator con
perfect it.
Mr. IVERSON. I simply ask whether there
is not already an amendment among the papers.
If so, we can act upon it at once. 1 ask the Sec-
retary if there be no amendment among the papers
accompanying this bill ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Ohio proposes that the question of reconsid-
eration shall lie over for the present.
Mr. IVERSON. No; I hope they will be re-
considered by general consent, and then take their
place on the Calendar precisely as they were be-
fore they were passed. Then, if the amendments
are not now ready, we can pass over the bills
until the amendments are prepared.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
put the question on reconsidering the passage of
both of these bills.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. PUGH. Now I ask that the bills be passed
over, retaining their place on the Calendar?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That course
will be taken.
Mr. IVERSON. I will prepare the amend-
ments, and, in the course of the day, will call the
attention of the Senate to the bills.
Mr. IVERSON shortly afterwards said: I now
have the papers in the case of Michael Nourse.
There was an amendmentamongthe papers which
escapcd my attention. I ask that that bill be taken
up. The amendmentis already there, reported by
the committee at the last session.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (S. No. 126) for the relief of Michael Nourse.
The amendment is to strike out all after the en-
acting clause, and insert;
That the proper accounting officers of Treasury Depart-
ment be, and they are hereby, authorized to account with
and allow to Michael Nourse, iate chief clerk m the office
of the Register of the Treasury, for the time he discharged
the duties of Register of the Treasury, by appointment from
the President, the same compensation as was then allowed
by law to the Register of the Tieasury, deducting there-
from thp compensation received by the said Michael Nourse
as chief clerk of that office during the same time ; the same
to be paid out of any money m the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. At this stage
of the bill, it is not competent to amend, except 1
by unanimous consent. The Chair hears no ob- *
jection. The amendment, therefore, will be con-
sidered as agreed to by the unanimous consent of
the Senate; and it is amended accordingly.
The bill was passed.
JOHN ROBB.
Mr. IVERSON. Now I call up the other case—
bill No. 127. for the relief of John Robb. I move
to strike out all after the enacting clause, and in-
sert:
That the proper accounting officers of the Treasury De-
partment be, and they are hereby, authorized to account
with and to allow to John Robb, late chicf clerk m the
War Department, for the time he performed the duties of
acting Secretary of War by appointment from the Presi-
dent of the United State*, the same compensation as was
then allowed by law to the head of the War Department,
deducting therefrom the compensation received by the said
John Robb, as chief clerk of the said Department duiing
the same time; the same to be paid out of any money m the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Tf no objection
be made, the Chair will regard this amendment as
made by unanimous consent.
The bill was passed.
RICHARD FITZPATRICK.
The bill (S. No. 130) from the Couft of Claims
for the relief of Richard Fitzpatrick was read a
second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It provides for the payment to Rich-
ard Fitzpatrick of $12,000, in full for the use and
occupation of his plantation as a military post of
the United States between the years 1836 and
1842; as also for the damage done'to the planta-
tion in the cutting of wood and lumber during
such occupation.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
CHARNER T. SCAIFE.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S,
No. 131) from the Court of Claims for the relief
of Charner T. Scaife, administrator of Gilbert
Stalker.
Mr. IVERSON. There is a bill precisely sim-
ilar to this which has come from the House of
Representatives, and the better course would be
to let this bill lie on the table, and take up the
House hill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That course
will be taken, no objection being made, and the
Senate bill will lie on the table.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, pro-
ceeded to consider the bill (C. C. No. 82) for the
relief of Charner T. Scaife, administrator of Gil-
bert Stalker. It provides for the payment of
$5,645 16 in full, for the use and service of the
steamboat James Adams, belonging to Gilbert
j Stalker, from the 1st of August, 1841, to the 9th
of July, 1842.
The bill was reported to the Senate, read the
third time, and passed.
JOIIN ERICSSON.
The bill (S. No. 132) from the Court of Claims,
for the relief of John Ericsson, was read the sec-
ond time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It proposes to pay John Ericsson §13,930,
in full for the balance due him for his services in
planning the United States war steamer Prince-
ton, and planning and superintending the con-
struction of the machinery of that steamer.
Mr. HALE. If there is a report in that case,
let it be read.
The Secretary proceeded to read the opinion
of the Court of Claims; but before concluding—
Mr. HALE. The rending was asked for at
my request. I do not want to detain the Senate
any longer with it. There is enough disclosed
in what has been read to suggest to my mind very
serious doubts whether the bill should pass. I
move that the bill be postponed until next Fri-
day. I want to examine it. If it is a fair case, I
shall not say a word; but I really desire to exam-
ine the bill.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
JAMES SMITH.
Thebill (S.No. 134) forthereliefof James Smith,
■was read a second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It provides forplacing
the name of James Smith, now of the city of
Washington, late a soldier in the war with Mex-
ico, and on the frontiers of Texas, on the invalid
pension roll, at the rate of eight dollars a month,
to commence on the 4th of March, 1858, and to
continue during his lifetime.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
CORNELIUS BOYLE.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 135) from the Court of Claims, for the relief
of Cornelius Boyle, administrator of John Boyle,
deceased
Mr. BENJAMIN. This bill, I observe, is an-
other of the same character as those which have
been amended by the Senate. I ask the chairman
of the Committee on Claims if he has an amend-
ment ready in this case also.
Mr. IVEItSON. There is no amendment re-
ported at this session; but if it is one of the same
class of eases, the Secretary will find the amend-
ment among the papers. If there be not an
amendment among the papers, the bill can be
passed over for the present, and I will prepare it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
advised that there is no amendment among the
papers.
Mr. IVERSON. Then I move that it be passed
over for the present.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That course
will be taken.
Mr. IVERSON subsequently said: I have pre-
pared an amendment now in the case of Cornelius
Boyle, that was passed over a little while ago. I
send it up to the Secretary's desk, and ask that
the bill be taken up now.
The bill (S. No. 135) from the Court of Claims
for the relief of Cornelius Boyle, administrator of
John Boyle, deceased, was read a second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides for the payment of $7,629 64, in full,
for the services of John Boyle as acting Secretary
of the Navy, at various times between the 21st
March, 1831, and the 5th November, 1838.
Mr. IVERSON. I move as a substitute for
the bill:
That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he hereby is
directed, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, to pay to Cornelius Boyle, administrator of
John Boyle, deceased, the sum of $7,629 64, in full for the
services of the t>aid John Boyle as acting Secretary ot the
Navy at various times between the 31st day of March, 1831,
and the 5th day of November, 1838, deducting any and all
sum-; which he received as clerk in said Department during
the time aforesaid.
The amendment -was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate, and ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, and was read
the third time.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I want to say one single
word in relation to these bills. I have acquiesced
in the passage of several to-day. They strike me to
be of exceeding bad policy, and making exceed-
ingly bad precedents. I do not see how we can
allow them. An officer, owing to some casual
disability of his superior, performs his duty for a
little while,and twenty years afterwards it is made
a regular business to come and present claims for
the salary of the superior officers whose duties
they have casually and for short periods per-
formed. I think the length of time is alone a suf-
ficient defense on the part of the United States
against such demands. I do not think they ought
to be allowed at all. What is past is past, and I
am willing that it shall be so considered. I shall
not attempt to make any opposition to this bill;
but I do not think I can ever stand or vote for
another. We Ijave made so many precedents that
I think it is the last time my acquiescence can
ever be extorted to any such bill.
Mr. IVERSON. The Senator from Kentucky
will allow me to say that these precedents can
have no bad effect, because in 1849 Congress
passed a law expressly prohibiting two salaries
being paid to any officer. This is only for cases
before that, established by the Supreme Court and
the Court of Claims.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I am glad there is some
prospcct of relief from it.
Mr. HALE. This is not obnoxious to one ob-
jection of the Senator from Kentucky. The delay
has been on the part of the Government in giving,
not of the parties in asking.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. A very good reason
they had,and a very good reason we should have
for delaying it until tne day of judgment.
Mr. SIMMONS. This was not a mere tem-
porary service. It was for a considerable time.
The bill was passed.
THOMAS FIIXEBKOWN.
The bill (S. No. 136) from the Court of Claims,
for the relief of Thomas Pillebrown, was read a sec-
ond time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It provides for the payment of $430 to
Thomas Fillebrown, in full for his salary as sec-
retary of the board of commissioners for the Navy
pension fund, from February 7 to May 16, 1827,
and for commissions on disbursements of that
fund from-1825 to 1829.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read' the third
time, and passed.
NAHUM ^SVARD.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 337) from the Court of Claims, for the relief
of Nahum Ward.
Mr. BENJAMIN. That bill is for a very
large amount, a sum I am not willing to vote
without looking at the papers. I ask that it may
lie over informally, and I will look at the papers.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hears no objection, and the bill will be passed
over.
Mr. BENJAMIN subsequently said: I have
looked at the case of Nahum Ward. I have no
objection to its being taken up now, but I shall
oppose its passage, and I should like very well
for the Senate to vote on that bill now. I think
we ought to vote it down.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill S.
