126
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
[February 24,
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Property in the Territories—3£v. iJooJ/itlte,
Senate.
iousmind leans upon the authority of some other
judge in some other analogous case, however an-
cient or remote, I have learned to fully compre-
hend the inherent tendency there is in all judicial
tribunals to usurp judicial legislation.
• Sir, the maxims of judges and of statesmen on
this subject are in antagonism with each other.
The maxim of Jefferson was, that
<- xt is an axiom of eternal truth in politics, that whatever
power in any Government is independent, is absolute also;
in theory only at first, while the spirit of the people is up,
but in practice as fast as that relaxes. Independence can
be trusted nowhere hut with the people in mass. They are
inherently independent of all but the moial law. '—7 Jef-
ferson, 134.
Mr. Buchanan, too, in % Senate of the United
States, on the 7th of July, 1841, laid down, also,
as a political maxim—and it is true, as .the -Whole
history of the world has demonstrated:
" No man holds iri higher estimation than T do the mem-
ory of Chief Justice Marshall; but J should never have
consented to make even him the final arbiter between the
Government and people of this country on questions of
constitutional liberty. The experience of all ages and
countries has demonstrated that judges instinctively lean
towards the prerogatives of Government; and it is notorious
that the court, during the whole period which he presided
over it, cmbiaemg so many years of its existence, has in-
clined towards the highest assertion of Federal power.
That this has been done honestly and conscientiously, I
enteitalnnot adoubt "—CongrcssionalGlobeandJlppendix,
volume 10, No. -2, page 163.
Sir, the maxim of the judges always is, that it is
the office of a good judge to enlarge and to amplify
his jurisdiction—boni juilicis est ampliare juris-
diclioncm; and no move forcible illustration can
be given of the operation of these two maxims,
the one political, the other judicial, than has been
presented m the person of Chief Justice Marshall
himself. When a member of the convention of
Virginia which adopted the Constitution of the
United States, Mr. Marshall announced the po-
litical maxim in as strong language as even Mr.
Jefferson himself. The course which he pursued
when a judge upon the bench, though as honest
and as upright as ever sat on the bench, has been
stated by Mr. Buchanan himself.
Sir, I point you to Mr. Marshall as the states-
man in the Virginia convention, discussing polit-
ical subjects and their bearings on the rights and
the liberties of the people, and set him against j
Chief Justice Marshall as thepresidingjudgc of the
Supreme Court of the United States. Sir, 1 will
point you, also, to the present Chief Justice—I
mean no disrespect when I say it. As the Secre-
tary of General Jackson, he was his right-hand i
man in all that fierce struggle and controversy J
■when General Jackson announced to the world
that, when he swore to support the Constitution,
it was as he understood it, and not as it was un-
derstood by others. Roger B. Taney was then
the politician and the statesman, standing shoulder
to shoulder with General Jackson;and 1 point to
"him now, as Chief Justice ot the Supreme Court
of the United States, to illustrate the effect of these
two maxims in his own character and in his own
life. It has shown that in a man of distinguished
ability, of industry almost unequaled, of honesty
of purpose, and of pure and upright personal char-
acter, the holding of that position as Chief Justice
of the United States has brought the judicial
maxim to bear upon him urttil the tendency of
himself, and the court over which he presides, is
to absolutism, by the consolidation of all power
in that branch of Government whose officers are
chosen for life. ,
Sir, concede to the Supreme Gouvt of the Uni-
ted States the power to decide not only for them-
selves, but for all other departments and all the
courts of the several States, and make their decis-
ions absolutely binding upon them as the constitu-
tional law, and when the people of the States ot
this Union are prepared to acquiesce in that doc-
trine and to cairy it out, the days ot the empire
will commence soon after. It is to bo remembered,
in th'c strong language of John Randolph, that, in
the history of that remarkable nation, the chosen
people of God, in its advance from liberty and
freedom to monarchy and despotism, u the Book
of Judges comes before the Book of Kings;" a strong
expression, which I hope will never die, and
should never be forgotten.
Sir, it was to resist and overthrow this assumed
power of the Supreme Court of the United States,
claimed by the Federalists of 1798, that the Re-
publican party, under Jefferson and Madison, was
first organized; and yet, strange as it may seem,
this most federal of all Federal dogmas is the dis-
tinguishing doctrine of the so-called Democratic
party of to-day . They may quarrel as they please
about congressional intervention, over slave codes,
and squatter sovereign legislation; but they all
agree in judicial intervention. They all agree in
establishing slavery by the irrepealable decree of
the Supreme Court of the United States. All shades
of the harmonious Democracy unite in sustaining
this power assumed by the Supreme Court; and
the onl y new doctrine—the Shibboleth of that party
in the coming struggle, which, if any, will be added
to their platform of 1856—will be the declaration
at Charleston of the supreme sovereignty and in-
fallibility of the decisions of the United States
Supreme Court. Sir, they would give to that
court the power, under the specious guise of con-
struing the Constitution for themselves and all other
courts, to amend the Constitution at their own
pleasure. They would give to that$ourtthe power,
m effect, to insert in the Constitution a new pro-
vision recognizing slaves as property, when the
great men who framed the Constitution expressly
refused to insert it.
What difference to the free white laborer by
what power in the Government slavery is carried
into the Territories? If the free Territories of the
United States are to be Africanized by the intro-
duction of slavery, what difference is it to him
whether it is carried into them by congressional
or territorial slave codes; or whether it be intro-
duced into them by Federal judicial decree—-irrev-
ocable decree, which "no human power," in the
language of Mr. Buchanan, "has any authority to
annul or impair?" What difference to the slave
himself whether he be held in a Territory by a
judicial or a legislative bond—by a chain of iron
or a chain of brass ?
Sir, in the headlong zeal with which the leaders
of th$t party would force slavery into the Territo- I
ncs of the United States, not indeed by the decree j
of an#flnporor, but by the decree of an imperial |
court, they have ceased to be any longer Repub- |
licnns of the Jefferson or of the Jackson school. !
They have embraced with all the ardor of new .
converts the most federal of all the dogmas of the |
old Federal school, it was against this dogma '
that Jefferson denounced his loudest thunders to ■
the American people. In his letter to Mr. Living- ;
ston, lie declared he would be entitled to eternal ;
gratitude if he could succeed 111 restraining judges ;
from usurping legislation: !
u And With no body of men is this restraint more wanting j
than with the judges of what is cotnmonly failed oui Gen- ;
oral Government, but what I call our fotetgn department. !
They arc practicing on the Constitution by inteienees, anal- !
ugies and sophisms, they would on an ordincuv law. They \
. do nor seem awaie that U is not even a Condimioii formed j
| bv a single authority and subject to a single supeimtendence i
and control, but that it is a compact ot many independent 1
powers, eveiy single one of which claims an equal right to j
understand it, and to icquire its observance.' —7 Jefferson, \
403. |
And again: j
"This member of the Government was at fir«t considered |
as the ino*t harmless and helpless ot all its organs. Hut it j
has proved that the povvei of declaring what the law is, ad :
libitum. bv sapping and mining, slyly, and without alarm,
the foundations oi the Constitution, can do what open forec
would not darn to attempt *'
And in his letter to Mr. Ritchie, still later, and
as late as 1820, long after the excitement of the
first origin of the Republican party in 1798 had
passed away, he declared that—
"The judiciary of the United State" is the subtile corps
of sappers and uimeis constantly woikmg under giound to
undeimine Hie foundations# nt our eonfedciatod fabuc.
They ate construing our Constitution fiom a coordination
of a general and special Government to a General and su-
picme one alone. This will lay all things at then feet; and
i they aie too well versed in Enclish law tol'oigot the maxim,
I iboin jiidiris est ampliare jurisdictioucm.' We shall see if
j theyaie bold enough to take the daring stnde their five
; lawyer* havelateJy'takcu. If thev do. then, with the editor
! of our book, in his address to the public, J will say, that
;j - against this eveiy man should raise his voice,' and more,
i! should upiilt his arm." * ' N *
|| kA judiciary. independent of a King or Executive alone,
is a good thing '; but independence of the will of the nation
;! i* a solecism, at lea< in a republican Government.^—7
jj Jefferson, 192.
He says in another letter referring to Judge
Roane, who was one of the judges that delivered
the opinion of the supreme court of appeals of
Virginia, in Hunter vs. Martin:
k4 The judiciary branch is the instrument which, working
like gravity, without intermission, is to press us at lastinto
one consolidated nfftss. Against this I know no one who,
equally with Judge Roane himself, possesses the power and
the courage to make lesistanee, and to him I look, and
have long looked, as our strongest bulwark."—7 Jefferson,
198.
The mode of resistance to Federal usurpation
is here pointed out by Mr. Jefferson. It is not
through an appeal to arms: it is not by seeking
to dissolve the Union; it is not by threatening
secession; but it is in the mode pointed out to
Judge Roane, that he, as one of the sovereign
judiciary of the State, should interpose when the
case was presented before the State courts for the
protection of the citizen when threatened by Fed-
eral unconstitutional usurpation.
Mr. President, as the States and the United
States occupy the same territorial space, and have,
therefore, the same territorial jurisdiction, the
point of all others most difficult m our system is
this: when there shall arise between the United
States, which is acknowledged to be sovereign
within the range of delegated power, and the States,
on the other hand, which are acknowledged to be
sovereign over all undelegated power, a dispute
as to the precise boundary line which separates
their jurisdiction, who shall'determine that con-
troversy ? That is the question. Yes, Mr. Pres-
ident, that is the question of all other questions
in the science of American government. That
boundary line is expressed in language with its
ever-varying shades of meaning addressed to the
human understanding, and not by metes and
bounds visible to the naked eye like the bound-
ary lines which separate the States.
It will never do to put it into the power of the
one or the other party to remove or destroy that
boundary. " Cursed is he that rcmoveth his
neighbor's landmark." In a dispute between the
owners of adjoining fields, who would think for
a moment of giving to one party, and especially
to the stronger party, the sole power to fix the
boundary line at his own pleasure? So,as to the
boundary line between the State and Federal juris-
diction, it will never do to say that the decision of
the Federal Supreme Court shall control and be
conclusive. Their jurisdiction extends only to
cases arising under, not outside of, the Constitu-
tion, under laws passed in pursuance t and not in
violation, of the Constitution. The Supreme Court
of the United Slates, and the supreme court of a
i State, must of necessity, whenever the question
' aiiscs before it, each for itself, pass upon its own
jurisdiction; but as each approaches to the bound-
*ary line of that jurisdiction, it must advance with
cautious step and bated breath, always under this
peril, which rests always upon every judge of every
tribunal, I care not how exalted, that in deciding
upon the question of the extent its own juris-
diction, if it shall go one inch beyond its jurisdic-
tion, its whole proceedings are void. If it decides
right upon that question, its proceedings are judi-
cial proceedings. If it decides wrong, and treads
over the boundary which prescribes its jurisdic-
tion and usurps a power which the law and the
Constitution do not give, then its proceedings are
no more judicial than if they took place before a
private individual not pretending to jiold any ju-
dicial authority whatever; they are absolutely void
and of no effect, and may be so declared by any
court in which their validity is drawn in question.
If a coniliet arises, it must be because the one
or the other party has usurped a jurisdiction not
conferred. Which is the usurper, the State or the
Federal Government? That is the question; and
that depends simply on this other question, which,
is right, which is wrong, ^hich has decided right
upon the Constitution, and which has decided
wrong upon the Constitution ? That party which
decides right, is acting under legal authority, bind-
ing upon all citizens, and upon all branches of the
Government. The decision of that party which
has usurped authority and taken jurisdiction of
what the Constitution does not confer, is not bind-
ing upon anybody. This point was discussed by
the chief justice, m the case in Pennsylvania to
' which I have referred. He points to the true so-
lution of the difficulty. That court said that, if
a State should differ with the United States about
the construction of the powers granted by the
Constitution,
" There is no common umpire but the people, who should
adjust the affair by making amendments in the constitu-
tional way, or suffer from the defect." * * * *
