I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
12?.
36tti Coxa.... 1st Sess.
Free Homes for Free Men——-Mr. Qrgxo.
Ho. of Reps.
t: Tnoiu is no provision m the Constitution that, in such a
cmo, the judjosof the Supiemo Con it of the United States
shail oontiol, and be conclusive; neither can Coneiess.by
law, confer that power.—3 Dallas^s Reports, page 475.
Mr. Jefferson also refers to this subject, in a
letter to Judge Johnson, dated at Monticello, June
12, J823:
u But the Chief Justice" of the Supremo Court "says,
1 there must he an ultimate arbiter somewhere.' True, there
must; but does that prove it is eithei paity? The ultimate
ai biter is the people of the Union, assembled bj their depu-
ties in convention, at the cali of Congiess, or of two thuds
of the State*. Let them decide to whielj they mean to give
an authouty claimed by two of their organs. And it has
been the peeuliai u isdom and tolioity of our Constitution,
to hav« provided this peaceable appeal, v\ hete that of other
nations is at once to lore,:.'-'—Jefferson's U-'orH, volnm^T,
page 298.
Sir, should resistance, even by an appeal to
arms, take place, the appeal in the last resort is to
the people of the States, the power which formed
the Constitution, and the only power above the
Constitution, to decide as to which party is right
and which party is wrong, in their claims under
the Constitution.
In conclusion, Mr, President, the questions
which I have discussed to-day, are questions on
which great and good men have differed from the
beginning of the .Government; upon which they
now differ, and will continue to differ. It is per-
haps well that they should. It is to these two
enduring and apparently opposing forces or tend-
encies in our system that we owe its true har-
mony, its real glory. The power which moves
the planets in our system is the resultant or effect
of the combined action of the centripetal and of
the centrifugal forces. The former unaffected by
the latter would draw them ail to the gun at the
center; while the latter, unaffected by the former,
would hurl them from their spheres, to wander at
random through the universe, until destroyed by
collisions, or bound by superior force to some
other system. So those two tendencies, the one
to enlarge the powers delegated to the Genetal
Government, which is called Federalism, and the
other, if not to enlarge, sturdily to maintain the
reserved powers of the States, which is called
Republicanism, are to be looked upon rather as
political blessings than as political evils. The
result of their struggle and antagonism, though
sometimes the one and sometimes the other, seems
for a time to obtain ascendency, is beneficial in
the end by maintaining all the reserved rights of
the States, and at the same time asserting and
maintaining in their integrity and vigor the union
of the States and the supremacy of the Constitu-
tion and the laws jjasscd inpursuanec thereof. And
it is in this sense that Jefferson declared in his
inaugural address, (i we are all Federalists, and
we are all Republicans."
But, Mr. President, what do we now behold?
A party styling itself the Democratic party, which
claims Jefferson as its founder, and Jackson as
its heroic chieftain, both of whose administrations
resisted and trampled under their feet this dogma
of judicial supremacy and infallibility. We be-
hold this party, in the face of its own platform of
resolutions upon this very subject of the powers
of the General and the State Governments, now
blindly bowing itself down to worship at the feet
of an imperial court, and adopting this Federal
doctrine of judicial supremacy and infallibility !
For what purpose have they thus set up this ju-
dicial Vatican ? Why would they give to the ju-
dicial branch of this Government power to change
at its pleasure political tieeds, and, above all, the.
power, under the specious guise of construing the
Constitution, to enlarge or diminish its own ju-
risdiction, and thereby enlarge or diminish, at its
pleasure, the reserved rights of the States ' Why,
sir, why would the leaders of this party interpo-
late into its creed this new dogma of the supreme,
infallible, and irrevocable decisions of the Su-
preme Court of the United States5 Is there, in-
deed, among their leaders, so much pew-born
reverence for the Court itself? No, sir, no; do
not believe it for a moment. Let not the judges
who sit upon that bench bo flattered by their ad-
ulations. They kneel not to the throne itself, but
to that dark divinity which they see standing
vailed just behind it. Mr. Buchanan in his mes-
sage lifts the vail, and points directly to the object
of their idolatry, holding m its hand a scroll con-
taining that " final decision,7' which has " irrevo-
cably fixed" slavery in all the Territories of the
United States that we now have or may hereafter
acquire, so that " neither Congress nor any Ter-
ritorial Legislature nor any human power can
annul or impair this vested right." The resolu-
tions under consideration look to the same object,
and therefore cannot receive my support.
ow
s> V
FREE IIOME3 FOR FREE MEN.
SPEECH OF HON. G. A. GllOW,
03? PENNSYLVANIA,
In tiie House of Representatives
February 2£), 1860.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. GROW said:
Mr. Chairman: At the close of the Revolution
the colonies claimed dominion, based upon their
respective colonial grants from the Crown of Great
Britain, over an uninhabited wilderness of two
hundred and twenty million acres of land, extend-
ing to the Mississippi on the west, and the Can-
adas on the north. The disposition of these lands
became a subject of controversy between the col-
onies even before the Confederation, and was an
early obstacle to the organization of any govern-
ment for the protection of their common interests.
The colonies, whose charter from the Crown
extended over none of the unoccupied lands,
claimed, in the language of the instructions of
Maryland m 1779, to her delegates in Congress:
" That a country unsettled at the commencement of tins
war, claimed by the Bnti^h Ciovvn and ceded to it by the
treaty at Paris, if wrertod from the common enemy by the
blood and treasure of the thirteen States., should he con-
sidered as a common propei ty. subjeet to be parceled out
by Congress into fiee, eon\ement, and independent gov-
ernments, in ^iich maimer and at such times as the wisdom
of that assembly shall hcicatter direct."
The propriety and the justice of ceding these
lands tij the Confederation, to be thus parceled
out into free and independent States, having be-
come the topic of discussion everywhere in the
colonics, Congress, in order to allay the contro-
versy and remove the only remaining obstacle to a
final ratification of the Articles of Confederation,
declared by resolution, on the 10th October, 1780:
"That the unappropriated lands which may be ceded or
relinquished to the (Jmtcd States by any particular State"
' A A "shall be disposed of for the common ben-
efit of the United States; and be settled and formed into
distinct republican skates, which shall become members
of the Federal Union, and have the same lights of sover- ,
cicnty, freedom, and independence, as the other States, &c. i
That the said lands shall be granted or settled at such times, |
and under such refutations, as shall hereafter be agreed on |
by the United States in Congress assembled, or nine or more j
of them.'-' j
In pursuance of the provisions of this resolu- j
tion, New York, Virginia, Massachusetts, Con- j
necticut, South Carolina, North Carolina, and !
Georgia, ceded their claims, including title and !
jurisdiction, to the waste lands, as they were i
called, outside of their respective State limits; all |
of them, except Georgia and North Carolina, with- j
out any conditions annexed to their respective |
grants, save those contained in the resolution of j
Congressjust referred to. The reservations in the j
grants of Georgia and Noith Carolina were not, j
however, as to the future disposition of the lands; !:
but a condition that slavery should not beprohib- !
itcd therein by Congress. The territory thus con- j
ditionaily granted is contained within the States {
of Tennessee, Mississippi, and Alabama. With !
the exception of the grants of North Carolina and >
Georgia, (and the reservations even in those relat- !
ing only to the form of their future government,) !
the public lands claimed by the colonics at the
close of the Revolution, were ceded to the General
Government to be settled and disposed of'4 under j
suck regulations as shall hereafter be agreed* on by !
the United States m Congress assembled." j
Since that time the Government has acquired, 1
by treaty, of France, the Louisiana purchase; of I
Spain, the Floridas; of Mexico, Utah, New Mex- !
ico, and California; containing, altogether, over .
twelve hundied million acrusofland. So the Gen- !
eral Government, by ce&sions from the original ji
States and purchases from other nations, has ac- ;!
quired, exclusive of water, as computed by the j
Commissioner of the Land Office, fourteen hun- i
drcd and fifty million acres of public lands; of
which there have been sold, to September30,1859,
one hundred and forty-seven million eighty-eight
thousand two hundreS and seventy-four acres; and
otherwise disposed of in grants and donations to
individuals, corporations, companies, and States,
(as per annexed table,) including graats since 30th
June, 1857, two hundred and forty-one million
seven hundred and seventy thousana andfifty-two
acres; leaving of public lands belonging to the
Government undisposed of on the 30th Septem-
ber, 1859, one thousand and sixty-one million one
hundred and forty-one thousand six hundred and
seventy-five a'cres.
What disposition shall be made of this vast
inheritance is a question of no small magnitude?
Three times, within seven years, a homestead bill
has passed this House, and been defeated each
time by the Democratic majority in the Senate.
On the vote on the homestead bill in the House,
last Congress, out of one hundred and thirty Dem-
ocrats, but thirty-one voted for it; and in the Sen-
ate, on the test vote between taking up the home-
stead bill, after it had passed the House, and only
required the vote of the Senate to make it a law,
so far as Congress was concerned, or to take up
the bill for the purchase of Cuba, but one Dem-
ocrat voted for the homestead, and only eight at
any time; while every Republican in the Senate,
and every one in the House, with a single excep-
tion, was forithc homestead. Of all the Repre-
sentatives of the slave States, but three in the
House voted for it; and but two, at any time, in
the Senate. So the Democratic party, as a party,
arrayed itself m opposhion to this beneficent pol-
icy. The Republican party, on the other hand,
is committed to this measure by its votes in Con-
gress; by its resolves in State conventions, and by
its devotion to the great central idea of its exist-
ence—the rights and interests of free labor.
Early in this session I introduced a bill, which
now awaits the action of the House, providing
that any person who is twenty-one years, or more,
old, or who is the head of a family, may enter one
iiundred and sixty acres of any land subject to pre-
emption, or upon which he may have a preemp-
tion claim; and, by cultivating the same for five
years, shall be entitled to a patent from the Gov-
ernment, on the payment of the usual fees of the
land office, and ten dollars to cofer the cost of sur-
veying and managing.
The land policy, as now conducted,permits the
President, in his discretion, to expose to public
sale, by proclamation, any or all of the public
lands, after the same are surveyed. Every per-
son settled on the lands so advertised for sale,
must, before the day fixed m the proclamation of
the President, pay /or his lands, or they are liable
to be sold to any bidder who offers one dollar and
twenty-five cents, or more, per acre. During the
days of sale fixed by the President, any one can
purchase, at one dollar and twenty-five cents per
acre, as many acres of land, not before preempted,
as he desires, selecting his own location. The
lands that remain ynsold at the expiration of the
days of sale fixed by the President, are subject to
private entry; that is, any person can enter at
the land office any or all of the lands, that are at
that time unsold, at one dollar and twenty-five
cents per acre, if the same have not been ofFeied for
sale more than ten years; if for a longer period,
then at a less price, according to the length of time
they may have been in the market. Thus,under
the existing policy, there is no restraint on land
monopoly. The Rothschilds, the Barings, or any
other of the world's millionaires, may become the
owners of untold acres of our public domain, to be
resold to the settler at exhorbitant prices, or to be
held as an investment for future speculation.
Congress, as the trustee of the whole people, is
vested, by the condition of the grants from the
States and by the Constitution itself, with the sole
discretionary power of disposing of these lands.
But, in the exercise of a sound discretion, it be-
comes its duty to dispose of them in the way that
will best promote the greatness and glory of the
Republic. And how can that be accomplished so
well as by a policy that will secure them in lim-
ited quantities to the actual cultivator, at the least
possible cost, and thus prevent the evils of a sys-
tem of land monopoly—one of the direst, deadliest
curses that ever paralyzed the energies of a nation
or palsied the arm of industry ? It needs no lengthy
dissertation to portray its evils. Its history in
the Old World is written in sighs and tears. Under
its influence you behold there the proudest and
most splendid aristocracies side by side with the
