2514
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31,
more than a third of the popular branch, nearly
one half of the aristocratic branch of the Legisla-
ture, more than half of the Cabinet officers in the
executive department, and five out of nine of the
judges of the supreme judicial tribunal? Appor-
tion the increase of population, according to the
Constitution, as you may; concede to the free re-
gions all advantage in relative growth that you
can, the stern fact yet remains of the constant
presence of an influence, animated by one will, and
looking to one purpose—that is, the preservation
of its claims, both to the pecuniary and the polit-
ical advantages it holds '* by virtue of the negro."
Even if considered in the secondary light of a com-
mercial corporation, we have been told this session,
by a distinguished member from Alabama, that
the joint stock of capital, even now, amounts to
the enormous sum of $3,500,000,000; and, unlike
most other corporations, this capital is not only
susceptible of constant enlargement, but is con-
stantly enlarged In comparison with this, what
was the Bank of the United States? What is the
Bank of England ? Nay, what has been the East
India Company ? The complaint was made of the
latter that its members controlled a few venal
boroughs in Parliament. But here the sharehold-
ers sit constantly " by virtue" of their stock, in
both Houses of Congress, in the Cabinet of the
Executive, and on the bench of the highest judicial
court. They help make, they execute, and they
expound the laws of the land. For my pait, I
must say that I have observed nothing in the pages
of history so skillfully adapted to the establish-
ment of a stupendous oligarchy as this inter-
lacing of the interests of a single species of what
is denominated property, with all the ramifica-
tions of the political agencies in a State.
Truly, then, has the gentleman said, we can-
not put the negro out, whom his fathers and. our
fathers consented to put into the Constitution.
I, for one, add very frankly, 1 do not seek to put
him out. Whatever benefit may have been ob-
tained by him and his friends, from a fair con-
struction of the instrument, I have no intention
to cut off. But, on the other hand, it should be
observed, that no advantage such as they enjoy
can ever be long used without the experience of a
corresponding drawback. It is of the nature of
power, when concentrated overmuch, to produce
the necessity of an equally great force to balance
it. In a free Government, this is particularly true.
No man or set of men can hope to direct and con-
trol it a great while, without stirring up fears that
they may abuse their privileges, to the injury of
their fellows. Now, it it be once conceded that
such a power has been erected under the present
Constitution, " by virtue of the negro," it is not
necessary to show proof of any past abuse of it,
to justify measures of precaution against such
abuse in the future. We recognize the truth of
the old maxim, that "eternal vigilance is the price
of'liberty," as well as of that other one, winch
in my youth 1 remember to have been familiarly
yyed in quarters in which it seems to me that I
seldom hear it now-a-days, " Power is ever steal-
ing from the many to the few." I say, then, that
even if the control which has been gained "by
virtue of the negro," could be shown to have been
exercised for the bum-fit of nil classes of people
in the United States alike; if it could be proved
to have done nothing to undermine the pillars of
our Tempie of Liberty, still, the very fact that it
might do the utmost possible injury at some un-
guarded moment; and that nothing but its own
will stands in the way to prevent it, would be
ample justification for an immediate resort to the
most energetic measures of association to ward
off the peril.
There is no need, then, of further explaining
the reasons for the rise of the Republican party.
We have indeed been told that it is a standing
menace to our brethren of the siavehokling States,
and that nothing will quiet them but its immediate
dissolution. But apart from the singular absence
of acquaintance with the philosophy of party pol-
itics in a free country wlueh such a demand be-
trays, I would respectfully ask on what grounds
it can be proposed, so long as the policy wlucli it
denounces remains purely defensive? No sane
man will deny that the negro is multiplying with
rapidity; that by virtue of this increase the'pecu-
niary interests involved in the continuance of his
present condition are steadily accumulating; that
coextensive increase of political power is going
on in this Hall, as in the other branches of the
Government, and that the whole character and
tendency of the influence thus generated is unpro-
pitious to the maintenance of our notions of free-
dom. Is it to be pretended, then, that we, whose
rights are liable to be deeply affected by the pre-
ponderance in the public councils of such a power,
have no right to associate and organize with the
intent to guard against its bad effects? Such a
notion was not entertained when the case of a
comparatively trifling moneyed corporation was
in question, nor when the supposed ascendency of
insignificant manufacturing interests was thought
to be alarming. How, then, can it be advanced
in the face of a combination of wealth and political
power m comparison with which the bank and
1 the tariff were but as atoms in the creation ?
But I now go one step further, and declare that
this proceeding is not only justifiable as a precau-
tion against the possibility of an abuse of powei,
but that it is indispensably necessary to the actual
salvation of our fiee institutions. Nobody is yet
hardy enough to deny that the idea of liberty, as
the guardian and protectress of the individual cit-
izen against all assaults of mere arbitrary power,
has been, since the day « of the Revolution, the dar-
ling idol m the American mind. " Resistance to ty-
rants is obedience to God," was a maxim which,
nowhere more than in the Ancient Dominion,
nerved the arms of the fathers to the struggle that
placed us herein this Hall, the Representatives of a
free people. It found its expression in theeilebiated
Act of Union for the common defense, proclaimed
to the world in language too familiar to need quo-
tation. Nobody at the time misunderstood Us
meaning. Nobody undervalued the heroism which
made the cause of the oppressed colonist the
cause of all mankind. Half a century passed
away, and not one of the countless number of
statesmen and orators who, each in his turn,
joined to swell the note of exultation in the proud
position attained by his country as the champion
of that, cause, ever thought to cast a doubt upon
the universality of tho grand doctrine which the
Declaration of Independence had enunciated. It
was reserved to the men of the present day to
discover a new version which, in limiting its ap-
plication to a special and favored class, at one
stroke dwarfs the stature of the re\olutionary
patriots, and sinks the noblest contest in history
down to the level of the late encounter of pugilism,
for the possession of a belt, on the other side of the
water. If their view of it be the right one, then
was the whole of the great controversy <i deliber-
ate fraud; then has the world been (.heated by
false pi\ tenses, and our fathers were rogues who
deserved to suffer the penalties of the law for re-
bellion against the constituted authorities of the
mother country, instead of earning the glorious
meed of the patriot's crown.
The cardinal principle of the Revolution, that
which marks a real advance in the progress of
political institutions, is that the individual man,
whether in or out of the social organization, whilst
doing no wrong, has certain rights which his fel-
low-man all over the globe is bound to respect.
The general establishment of this maxim in the
practice of the nations of the world is, or ought
to be, the mission of America during the present
century of her growth. In 177G there was a bright
prospect of its speedy accomplishment. For some
years it spread both at home and abroad; for it
is not to be denied that the effect of her instruc-
tion has been and is still felt, not here alone, but
in every quarter of the world. Nobody can have
failed to observe the progress that has been since
made in the recognition of popular rights in every
civilized country down to the present time, it
would doubtless have been still more rapid but
for the astonishing fact that the very people which
was the first to enunciate the great truth has been
slowly but steadily withdrawing itself from all
sympathy with the prosecution of it. Impercep-
tibly at first, but very distinctly within a short
time, this reaction has gone on until the term of
this Administration, when the respective repie-
sentatives before the world of this great nation
have united in one grand counter-declaration, and
that i«, that there are men all over the world whose
rights no white man is bound to respect.
It does indeed appear as if this grave and solemn
decree of Judges, of Presidents, of Senators, and
Representatives, in a free country? did fly in the
face of the Declaration of Independence, long ac-
knowledged among us as undoubted authority for
political doctrine. But we are now given to under-
stand, in these high quarters, that there is no dif-
ficulty in reconciling this apparent contradiction.
The way of it is this: the language of the Decla-
ration runs thus:
" We hold ilicse truths to be self-evident: that all men-
are created equal; that they are endowed by their Creator
with certain inalienable lights; that among these are life,
liberty, and the pursuit of happiness."
The new version is, that Mr. Jefferson, when •
he wrote the words "all men," clearly intended
only all white men. But here is an obstacle at the
threshold of this argument. Of course, if this be
the construction, the necessary implication is that
the rest of mankind are not endowed with the
same inalienable rights which the Creator be-
stowed on whites. Hence the latter are justified
in regarding the former as inferior creatures,
whom they may subject to their will if they can.
I understand this consequence to be distinctly
admitted by the friends of the new view. Now,
the fact is weil known that Mr. Jefferson owed
hisposition as the draughtsman of thatcelebrated
paper mainly to his reputation as a writer capable
of expressing his meaning with distinctness and
force. But if tins construction of the passage be
true, what are we to think of his skill, when he
said that " all men are created equal," instead of
declating what the new version means, and that
is, that" all men arc not created equal;"and hence
that the rights which he pronounces inalienable in
«N,are in fact alienable m a great majority of the
human race, at the will and pleasure of a minority
who happen to be created with pale faces? Surely
it is pretty hard to believe that so lucid a writer
could, with his eyes open, have fallen into such
adelusion as to mean, in a public paper which he
regarded as the crowning merit of his life, the
precise reverse of what he actually said. Still
more difficult is it to imagine that, though he lived
for half a century afterwards in the midst of dis-
cussions and disputes particularly calculated to
keep alive his recollection of what he did mean,
lie should never have whispered to any living
soul, either privately or publicly, a single doubt
of his having been correctly understood. He
well knew the sense which his cotomporories
universally attached to his words. If lie had any
other in his mind, why did he not disclose it?
Fortunately for the reputation of the distin-
guished son of Yiiginia, whose noblest work I,
a son of Massachusetts, am proud to defend
against the cruel assaults of citizens of his own
State, there is other evidence in the context of
this immortal paper conclusively to prove that he
meant exactly what he said, and that the new
version is an after-thought of a later age. So far
from narrowing his application of the words " all
men" to white men only, as having inalienable
lights to hfeanc^liberty, he goes on, m the original
draught, to make asolemn charge against the King
of Great Britain ; for what, pray? Why, to use
his own language, " because he has waged cruel
war against human* na.tuiie itself, violating its
most sacred rights of life and liberty in the persons
of a distant people."
It appears, then, by this, that Mr. Jefferson
thought it was human nature itself that possessed
these most sacred rights which he denominates in-
alienable, and not the small poi tion of it included,
in the white population. Ay, and that is not all
either. Who are the " persons of a distant peo-
ple" to whom he icfers as deprived of these most
sacied lights under this cruel tyranny? They
arc the very blacks of the African race whom the
King had torn from their homes and made slaves
to the colonists of America. They arc the very
people of whom we are now told by the highest
court, who would seem by their aigument com-
pletely to justify that monarch, that they have
no rights which a white man is bound to respect."
And, singularly enough, as if to mark, beyond
the possibility of the most arrant fatuity to mis-
conceive it, Mr. Jeffeison's intent, in charging the
sovereign with the crime of his determination to
keep open a market where men should be bought
and sold, he takes pains, in the original manu-
script, with his own hand, to write that word
"MEN" in capital letters; the only word so
written, it should be observed, in the whole body
of the document. I would humbly submit, then,
upon this evidence, that if any narrower applica-
tion is to be made of the words 44 all men" than
