1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
551
them, by hissing what I said. Then was the
proper time to have made the point, and not now.
■ Mr. GROW. The gentleman has never seen
me applaud or express any dissent by hissing
while any member was speaking. When such
applause or dissent has occurred on this side, I
have expressed my disapprobation of it. The gen-
tleman will bear in mind that applause upon the
floor has only come from this side to a very limited
extent since the resolution I have referred to was
passed.
Mr. HINDMAN. Excuse me for not bearing
that in mind.
Mr. GROW. Let me say, injustice to the other
side, that that rule has, for most of the time, been
observed by them; but, sir, m my judgment it
has been more frequently violated by that side
than it has by this. But that difference does not
affect the necessity for observing the order and
decorum of the House. It is time to put a stop
to these expressions of applause and disapproba-
tion.
Mr. HINDMAN. I am not only willing but
desirous to cooperate with members of all parties
here in preserving order and decorum, and I speak
not only for myself, but for the entire Democratic
party upon this floor.
Now, Mr. Clerk, it has been shown here to-
day that the candidate of the Republican party
for Speaker stands committed, by his record in
Congress, to oppose the admission into this Union
of any new slaveholding State, even if its people,
with perfect unanimity, desire to have the institu-
tion of slavery among them.
It appears, also, that he has further strength-
ened that committal, announced by himself in a
congressional speech, by refusing now to say
whether or not he would comply with the reso-
lutions ofthe Ohio Legislature. What, then, isthe
position he occupies >
The Constitution of the Union mostclearly and
distinctly provides for the admission of new States
into the Confederacy, upon one condition only.
What is that ? That their constitutions shall be
republican in form. That is the only limitation
which the Constitution imposes upon Congress
in the premises.
Mr. CURTIS. They are permitted to do so,
hut are not bound to do so.
Mr. HINDMAN. I do not desire to be drawn
into a discussion of that point. What I want to
call attention to is the fact, that the Republican
party propose to add a new test, a new condition,
to the Constitution on the subject. They propose
to put upon new States a disability, additional to
the one imposed by the Federal compact. In so
doing, they at once destroy the rights which the
people of the States, who maybe residents in the
Territories, may have m the premises. They make
the admission of new States merely dependent
upon partisan feeling and anti-slavery prejudice.
They declare that where the people of a new State
shall themselves unanimously desire to have a
certain domestic institution among them, they
shall nothave that institution; or,if they will have
it in any event, then they shall not be admitted
■nto this sisterhood of States, but shall remain out-
Side, isolated, outlawed, degraded, and put under
the ban of inferiority. That is the position of the
Republican party, and that is the position to which
the candidate of that party, by his past record,
nr.d his present ominous silence, is most distinctly
committed. If such demands had b6en made by
anti-slavery men in the convention of 1787, the
Union never would have been formed; for at that
time all the States but one, I believe, were slave-
holding. It is not to be supposed that they would
have consented to a compact that would have pre-
cluded their citizens from determining domestic
matters of this sort according to their wish, when
forming new States. No, sir, not for a single
instant. This Republican dogma of excluding
new States for such a cause is a departure from
the spirit ofthe Constitution, if not a\iolation of
its letter.
Gentlemen say that one particular reason^ for
jesiring to organize the House under Republican
uspices, is that there may be certain investiga-
t; ins of administrative corruptions. I say to
•Jiem, that neither 1 myself, nor any member of
'.lie Democratic party, under any circumstances,
would so far degrade himself, and insult his con-
«i{jients, as to oppose the investigation of the
acts of anv officer of the Government, high or
low, from the President down to the lowest ap-
pointee. What has been the past history of our
party in this regard ? How long has it been since
the Democracy had control of these halls of legis-
lation, and what was their course upon this par-
ticular subject? In every instance, when a re-
quest was made for the investigation of official
conduct, the desired committee was granted; and
in most cases, if I recollect aright, a majority of
Oppositionists was put on such committees.
This was done, I believe, at one time at. least,
when Mr. Sherman moved an investigation.
With what propriety, then, is it that members of
the Republican party plant themselves on this un-
supported, empty pretense? What point is there
in their assumption that their candidate should be
elected Speaker, in order to the investigation of
frauds and corruption ? The most certain mode
of securing such investigation is to place the con-
trol of this House in Democratic hands; for then,
if fraud be covered up, if corruption be hidden,
the unanimous outcry ofan indignantpeople would
hurl down the men who would descend to such
infamy.
The Republican candidate alludes to the neces-
sity which rests upon him to remain silent in ref-
enee to the anti-Helper resolution of the gentle-
man from Missouri. He says that that resolution
implies a direct personal censure upon himself,and
therefore his hps are sealed, therefore his hands
are tied, and silence forced upon him against his
will. Why, sir, that is a most remarkable atti-
tude for any gentleman to confess himself occupy-
ing. A, man is charged here with the advocacy
and indorsement of doctrines destructive to our
Government, and to society itself; he is charged,
in fact, with whetting the knife of the assassin,
and lighting the torch of the incendiary, and he
gets up and says, in the face of an inquiring world,
that he has no answer to make until the inquiry
is withdrawn. What propriety, what consistency,
what weight or force is there in any such posi-
tion?
I never yet, though my experience as a legal
practitioner has been brief, have been cognizant
of a case where an indictment was quashed or
withdrawn upon arbitrary demand of the defend-
ant, to the end that he might explain his past
course. Therefore, I am glad to hear the gen-
tleman from Missouri [Mr. Clark] say that he
will not, under any circumstances, withdraw his
resolution. The onus of explanation is upon the
member from Ohio. He owes it not only to him-
self, but to us upon this floor, of whatever party,
and to the country, to get up at once and show
that he is a man of brave impulses and patriotic
feeling, by repudiating and spitting upon that foul
and infamous book of Helper, and the Republican
doctrines from which it emanates.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I would call the
attention of the gentleman from Arkansas to the
fact that the Democratic Speaker of the last Con-
gress appointed a majority of Opposition mem-
bers upon two or three of the investigating com-
mittees, if not upon all of them
Mr. GROW. Not when they were first ap-
pointed; but they became so before they got
through.
Mr. LEAKE resumed the floor; but yielded
it to
Mr. BURNETT, who moved that the House
adjsurn.
The motion was agreed to, and thereupon (at
fifty-five minutes after four o'clock, p. m.) the
House adjourned to Monday.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 23, I860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurlet.
The" Journal of Thursday last was read and
approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. BIGLER presented a petition of citizens
of Venango county, Pennsylvania, praying for
the establishment of a mail route from Portorlield,
in Venango county, to Shippenville, in Clarion
county, in that State; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. PEARCE presented a memorial of citizens
of Georgetown, District of Columbia, in favor of
granting the right of building a railroad along
Pennsylvania avenue to the Metropolitan Rail-
road Company; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition of Wil-
liam Hammond, praying to be allowed an amount
of pay which he claims ta be due him as clerk of
the navy-yard at Kittery, Maine; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, presented the
memorial of Cornelius Hughes, of Hawkins
county, Tennessee, jpraying„ that the pension,he
now receives may be increased; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented the petition of
Leslie Coombs, praying to be allowed a pension
for a total disability incurred during the war of
1812, to commence from the date of said disabil-
ity ; which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. PUGH presented a petition of John Kelly
and others, citizens of New York, praying Con-
gress to prevent all further traffic in, and monop-
oly of, the public lands of the United States, and
that they be laid out in farms and lots of limited
size for the free and exclusive use of actual set-
tlers; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
He also presented three petitions of citizens of
Ohio, praying that pensions may be granted, to
the militia who served in the war of 1812, and to
the widows of those who have died or may here-
after die; which were referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Vin-
ton county, Ohio, praying that the militia of the
war of 1812, and of the Indian wars may be placed
on the same footing in regard to bounty land as
those who served in the war with Mexico; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and Militia.
Mr. MALLORY presented a petition of the
bona fide owners of land at the Barrancas, near
Pensacola, Florida, praying compensation for
their lands taken by the Government for military
purposes; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and Militia.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. IVERSON, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Samuel Jones, a captain
in the United .States Army, praying to be remunerated for
losses sustained by him in consequence of the blowing up
of the steamer Pennsylvania, on the Mississippi river, while
ho was traveling on the public service, on the files of the
Senate, be referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. SIMMONS, it was
Ordered, That the petition of John R. Bartlett, praying
the payment of ceitain expenditures made by lum as com-
missioner of the United States, under the treaty of Guada-
lupe Hidalgo, for running and marking the boundary line
between the United States and Mexico, on tlie files of the
Senate, be referred to the Committee on Claims.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. RICE gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill for the relief of mail con-
tractors west of the Mississippi river.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. SAULSBURY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
98) for the relief of Olivia W. Cannon, widow of
Joseph S. Cannon, late a midshipman in the Uni-
ted States Navy; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Pensions.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. THOMSON, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 73)
for the relief of Mrs. Anne M. Smith, widow of
the late Brevet Major General Persifer F. Smith,
reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Mary Everts, only
surviving child of Gideon Brownson, a soldier in
the war ofthe Revolution, prayingapension,sub-
mitted an adverse report.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Abby Chaplin, widow
of Josiah Snelhng.an officer of the United States
Aimy, praying a pension, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration.
Mr. SAULSBURY, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the memorial of
John Pickell, late a lieutenant in the Army, pray-
ing that his present pension may date back from
the time when he was compelled to resign his
commission in consequence of injuries received at
