1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1571
Twenty days after the Declaration of Independ-
ence—-
" to t!ic close of the revolutionary war in 1783, and that lie
never received his commutation and bounty land, and died
on tile 2d of November. 1798."
There are the facts of the case, and the bill pro-
vides for the payment of the commutation.
Mr. PUGH. Then he is clearly within the
resolutions. <
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Georgia moves to postpone the further con-
sideration of the bill until Friday next.
Mr. COLLAMER. Those officers who had
been in tlio war were, in the winter of 17/8, in-
clined to go home; and in order to induce them
to stay in*the Army, the resolution of 1778 was
passed, that if they would remain until the close
of the war they should receive half pay for life.
Now this gentleman, according to the report, was
in the Army at that time, and served to the close of
the war; and, of course, was entitled to his half pay
for life. But ill 1783, in consequence of a good
deal of talk about providing for men for life, (not
at the request of tile officers precisely, as the
Senator from Ohio has it,) a resolution was passed
that ill lieu of this half pay for life they should
have a commutation of five years' full pay in lieu
of it; but they were to give their consent to this,
and they did meet in regiments and divisions, and
generally did give that consent, and afterwards
they received their commutation pay; thatis, their
five years' full pay. They generally received it,
and the books show it. I have had occasion to
examine "them often in relation to many men, and
almost uniformly I found their receipts, from which
it appeared, by the books, thatthey had been paid
the very amount now proposed to be paid to this
man's grandchildren. The general bill proposed
to be brought in, was a bill to pay them, pursuant
to the first engagement, the half pay for life, al-
though they took their commutation. That failed
in the Senate, as has been stated; but lthadnoth-
iog in the world to do with the commutation pay.
It was rejected on the ground that they had re-
ceived their commutation to their satisfaction, and
should have no more. Now if this officer has not
had that commutation, clearly he should have it.
Mr. PUGH. The point of explanation I want
is to know why he did not do i t. There are many
cases where the officer died; but it is very ex-
traordinary that an officer should have remained
in the service until the disbanding of the Army,
and not have received it. The report does not
explain that. The resolution was not as the Sen-
ator from Vermont supposed. According to my
recollection, it was passed in 1781; at all events
after the surrender of Cornwallis and after the
hostilities had concluded for all practical pur-
poses. It is a great mistake to say that resolution
was passed to encourage the officers to remain in
the service during the war. It was passed after
the last gun was fired, and it was to prevent the
officers from going home before the treaty of peace
was ratified; and Congress simply said to them,
that if they would remain in service until the
Army was disbanded by act or resolution of Con-
gress, they should have this half pay for life. It
is well known that that resolution creating pen-
sions Cor life, together with the establishment of
the society of the Cincinnati, which was intended
to be hereditary, produced a wonderful excite-
ment throughout the country, and General Wash-
ington was troubled about it, and Mr. Jefferson,
and others; and the officers themselves, to avoid
that difficulty, applied to Congress to commute
it for five yeais' full pav; and Congress did com-
mute it. That I say was a good contract, and
that was our position before. What I intended
to find out from my friend from Kentucky was,
what is the explanation of this gentleman 's case.
He was living at the time. If he had died and
through the ignorance of heirs or anything of that
sort the application had not been made, I could
understand it. If he never received it for any
cause, lie is within the resolution; but it seems to
me the statement is defective in not explaining to
the Senate why this gentleman did not rcccive
the money which was then subject to his claim
in the Treasury. There may be good reason for
it. If so, I am certainly willing to vote for the
h'ilr. CRITTENDEN. I should be glad to ex-
plain to remove any possible doubtfrom the mind
of my friend, if I could give him any explanation.
This transaction happened a long time ago. The
ofFicerdiedin 179G. If there were not a great many
instances of such neglect on the part of officers, it
might bo of some more force against the claim
that no explanation can be made of the delay.
But, in the infinite variety of human situations
and human aft'airs, we must look for this sort of
negligeii ce; and our records furnish abundan t evi-
dence of it, not in this case only, but in many
others. The gentleman must recollect that South
Carolina was about as far from the seat of Gov-
erijjnent at that day, practically, in point of time,
as we are now from San Francisco, with a great
deal more of facility to come from San Francisco
here than there was in that day in- getting from
where this gentleman lived in South Carolina. I
cannot give any other account of it. There is
none in the papers, and none furnished by the evi-
dence. He lived until 179G, and then died. That
was ten or twelve years after he was entitled to
this allowance. I think this delay cannot be con-
sidered as creating much doubt as to the genuine-
ness of the claim.
Mr. IVERSON. I desire to ask the Senator
from Kentucky, the chairman of the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims, whether the committee
made any examination at the Department to see
whether this money had been actually.paid or not,
or have they just gone on the presumption that he
never was paid, and, being satisfied that he was
an officer, and that the amount was due, instituted
no investigation as to the fact of his having been
paid? The Senator from Vermont says he has
seen the record in some of these cases, and I dare
say it exists. If the commutation was ever paid
to Colonel Thompson, I take it the evidence is on
the record of the Treasury Department.
Mr. COLLAMER. No doubt it would appear
there.
Mr. IVERSON. .1 want to know of the Sen-
ator from Kentucky whether that investigation has
been made; whether the committee have gone there
or sent there to ascertain the fact.
Mr. CPiITTENDEN. I am unable to give the
Senator full satisfaction on that subject.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have looked at the papers,
and think they are satisfactory. I will read a letter
of the Commissioner of Pensions. In reply to a
letter of Mr. Rhett, asking him particularl y to ex-
amine the books arid sea whether anything was
paid to this officer, whether for half pay or com-
mutation, he said:
Pension Office, November %4,1858.
Sir : In reply to your letter of inquiry of the 9th instant,
1 have to make the following statement:
The South Carolina regiment of rangers was placed on
the continental establishment by authority of a resolution
of Con«re^ oi the 24th of July, 1776, and became the third
regiment of the South Carolina line. The rangers, being
a mounted legiment, weie permitted by Congress to seive
on horseback, or on loot. William Thompson, the colonel
of the rangers, and who had served with such distinction
in the defense of Fort Moultiic as to have received a vote
of thanks from Congress, was continued in command ot tne
regiment, with the rank of lieutenant colonel and the pay
of'a colonel of foot; and, in November, 1776, he was pro-
moted to the rank of colonel. From this time up to the
close of the war, on all the rolls of the third South Caiohna
regiment, and on all list* of officers of the South Carolina
line in tins office, no name but that of William I hompson
occurs as colonel or commandant of the regiment; while
our rolls f«ho\v that other regiments of the same line were
commanded by different officers at different periods ot the
war. This regiment is shown to have been in service quite
up to the fall of Charleston, and it is equally certain that
Colonel Thompson continued its commanding officer. After
the release of the officers included in the capitulation of
Charleston, which was not until some time m 1781, the
continental force* of South Carolina had become so scat-
tered and demoralized by the British invasion, that they
peiformed veiy little service in the field, their operations
bein" mostly confined to checking the depredations of the
British and Tones upon the Whigs. Still an organization
was kept up, and the continental troops of South Carolina
continued to perform actual service up to averylatepenod
of the war. „ , „
Our rolls and records are imperfect; yet we have rolls
showing that the officers and soldiers of the third South
Caiolma regiment continued in service, under a regular
organization, until as late as in May, 17S3, and enlistments
into the regiment were received as late as August, 1 ;
and also, that, of the considerable number of commissioned
officers of the third regiment on its muster-rolls, one nair,
at least, served to the closo of the war.
By reterence to the Journal of Congress or the date ot
October 31, 1783, it will be seen that the South Carolina
line did not assent to the commutation of five years lull
, nay m Ueuof half pay for life, ller quota, by the arrange-
! merit at the close of the year 1780, was reduced from six to
! two regiments, yet she appears not to have reduced her
f force in accordance with the congressional arrangement;
1 and accord imzly the 1 oils of her service show that portions
! of neat Ivor quite all her regiments continued in actual ser-
vice until the close of the war.
S it appears, then, that the officers of the South Carolina
line, excepting such as died, resigned, or were dismissed the
service, continued actually in service to the close of the
war. None were legally thrown out of the service, certainty
in the third regiment, by being declared supernumerary.
If Colonel Thompson had died, resigned, or been dismissed,
that fact should be of record. As the South Carolina line
did not consent to the commutation of five years'fuli pay,
and consequently made no return of those entitled thereto,
the ussual presumption against those, in other States, not
returned as entitled to commutation, does not apply to her
officers.
The fair presumption, from the rolls and records in this
office, and from all accessible data, is,therefore, that "Wil-
liam Thompson continued in service, as Colonel of the
third regiment of the South Carolina line, on continental
establishment, until the close of the revolutionary war.
I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
GEORGE C. WIUTING, Commissioner.
Charles H. Rhett, Esq., Present.
I also find this letter from the Thirfl Auditor:
Treasury Department, Third Auditor's Ofthms,
November 24,1858.
Sir : In reply to your letter of the 17th instant, making
■ inquiry relative to the commutation pay of Colonel Wil-
liam Thompson, of tbe South Carolina line of the Army of
the Revolution, I have to inform you that it does not appear,
from the revolutionary records of this office, that he re-
ceived commutation, nor is he returned as having been en-
titled thereto.
Ilespeetfuly, your obedient servant,
R. J. ATKINSON, Auditor.
Charles II. Kiiett, Esq., Department of the Interior.
There is still another letter, which I will read.
It is from the Third Auditor's office,,directed to
General Shields, when he was chairman of the
committee:
Treasury Department, Third Auditor's Office,
December 22, 1858.
Sir : I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of
your letter of the 2ist instant, in winch you state, that as
chairman of the Committee on Revolutionary Claims of tho
Senate, you are directed to rcQuest that I will furnish tha
committee with such evidence as this office affords in re-
lation to the half pay which it is supposed that Colonel
William Thompson, ofthe third South Carolina continental
troops, may have received or been entitled to. In reply, I
have to inform >ou that, upon an examination of the rev-
olutionai v lecoids of this office, I do not find that Colonel
William Thompson, of South Carolina, has received half
pay for life, or a commutation of five years' full pay in lieu
thereof, no such officer being returned for land'or commu-
tation.
With great respect, your obedient servant,
R. J. ATKINSON, Jluiitor.
Hon. James Shields, Chairman Committee onRcvolution-
ary Claims, United States Senate.
I think that makes the proof perfect.
Mr. IVERSON. X withdraw my motion to
postpone.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. CRITTENDEN subsequently said : I
wish to move a reconsideration ofthe bill we have
just passed for the relief of Colonel Thompson's
heirs. By an inadvertence, and the very common
case of giving five years' full pay, wc have robbed
the heirs of Colonel Thompson of three years' half
pay. He never received any commutation. It
appears that the South Carolina line never came
to any determination to receive the five years' full
PaXir BENJAMIN. They actually refused it.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. His heirs then are enti-
tled to about twelve or thirteen years' half pay,
which is two or three years' more pay than the
bill actually gives.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. No w let the bill He over
until we get an opportunity to considei it. 1 will
call it up as soon as I prepare an amendment that
is appropriate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will lie on
the table, by common consent.
FRANKLIN PEALE.
The bill (S. No. 189) for the relief of Franklin
Peale was read a'second time, and considered as
in Committee ofthe Whole. It provides for the
payment to Franklin Peale of $10,000, in full
compensation for the use of all of hia inventions
and improvements, and for his extra-official ser-
vices in connection with the Mint of the United
States and its branches.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
LAND TITLES IN MAINE.
The bill (S. No. 191) to provide for die quieting
of certain land titles in the late disputed territory
in the State of Maine, and for other purposes, was
read a second time, and considered as in Commit-
