552
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
the battle of Fort Drane, during the Seminole war,
submitted an adverse report.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of William Allen, pray-
ing to be allowed arrears of pension, submitted
an adverse report.
Mr. BTGLER, from the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 52} for the relief of Jeremiah Pender-
gast, reported it without amendment.
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the papers in relation
to the claim of Abner Merrill for an increase of
Eension, submitted a report, accompanicd by a
ill (S. No. %) for the relief of Abner Merrill,
of the State of Maine. The bill was read, and
passed to a second reading; and the report was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, to whom was referred the pa-
pers in support of the claim of S. W. Hollactay
and others, to two lots in the United States ma-
rine hospital tract, at San Francisco, California,
and a report of the Attorney General, made in
compliance with a resolution of the .Senate, rela-
tive to the title conveyed to the United States by
the city of San Francisco, to lots Nos. 5 and 6,
in Hospital Square, in that city, submitted a re-
port, accompanied by a bill (S.rfo.97) to author-
ize the institution of a suit against the United
States, to test the title to lots numbered five and
six, in the Hospital Square, in San Francisco.
The bill was read, and passed to asecond reading;
and the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. IVERSON, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Miles De-
vine, praying to be allowed a pension on account
of injuries received while employed as a laborer
on a United States fort, reported a bill (S. No. 99)
for the relief of Miles Devine; which was read,
and passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Samuel II. Taylor,
praying for additional compensation as messenger
and laborer in the Third Auditor's office, reported
a bill (S. No. 100) for the relief of Samuel IT.
Taylor; which was read, and passed to a second
reading.
He also, from the same 'committor, to whom
was referred the memorial of Thomas Crown,
praying for relief, m consequence of the arbitrary
abrogation of a contract made by him with the
United States to lunush bricks for the fortifica-
tions at Oak Island, m North Carolina, in 182G,
rcportcdabill(S.No. 101) for the relief of Thomas
Crown; which was read, and passed to a second
reading.
Mr. SIMMONS, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Thomas
Brown, administrator of George Fisher, de-
ceased, praying an amendment of the joint reso-
lution devolving upon the Secretary of War the
execution of the act of December 2,0. 1854, re-
ported a joint resolution (S. No. H) relating to
the chum of George Fisher, late of Florida, de-
ceased; which was read, and passed to a second
reading.
PU11MC MINTING INVESTIGATION.
Mr. KING. I offered a resolution on Thurs-
day, which was laid over until to-day, in regard
to the public printing. It is one which 1 suppose
will not take up much time; and yet, it may do
so. I will not call it up at this time, an order
having been made for half past one o'clock to-day;
but 1 give notice that I shall do so to-morrow, or
as soon as practicable afterwards, for the final
action of the Senate.
EMPLOYES Of THE TREASURY DEPARTMENT.
Mr. HALE. I wish to offer a resolution, and,
if there be no objection, to ask for its immediate
passage. While up, I wish to say that I did not
near a single word of what transpired this morn-
ing; but I deem it but justice to the galleries to
say that there is more noise on the floor of the
Senate than there is in the galleries.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator is cor-
rect, and the Chair appeals to every person on the
floor to preserve order. The Senator from New
Hampshire offers the following resolution:
JResoZm?,Tliat the Seci etary of the Tieasury be instructed
to inform the Senate how many poisons are employed by
that Department whose appointment* are not confirmed by
the Senate; their names, compensation, find the law by
virtue of which they are severally appointed.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
INVASION OP STATES.
The hour having arrived for the consideration
of the special order, the Senate proceeded to con-
sider the following resolution, submitted by Mr.
Douglas on the 16th instant:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
stiucted to icport a bill for the protection of each State and
Territory of the Union against invasion by the authorities
or inhabitants of any other State or Territory; and for the
suppression and punishment of eonsphacies or combina-
tions in any State or Territory with intent to invade, assail,
or molest the government, inhabitants, property, oi institu-
tions of any other State or Territory of the Union.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, on the 25th
of November last, the Governor of Virginia ad-
dressed an official communication to the President
of the United States, in which he said:
ICI haVe information from various quarters, upon which
I rely, jhat a conspiracy of ioinndable extent, in means and
numbers, is formed in Ohio, Pennsylvania, New York, and
other State?, to rescue John Brown and hl& associates, pris-
oners at Charlestown, Virginia. The information is spe-
cific enough to be reliable." *****
' " Places in Maryland, Ohio, and I'cnnsyivania, have been
occupied as depots and rendezvous by these desperadoes,
unobstructed hy guards or otherwise, to invade this State,
and we are kept in continual apprehension of outrage fiom
'l'ne and rapine. I apprise you of these facts in ordei tiiat
you may take steps to preserve peace between the States."
To this communication, the President of the
United States, on the 28th of November, returned
a reply, from which I read the following sentence:
" T am at a Iops to discover any provision in the Consti-
tution or laws of the United States winch would authoiize
me to ' take (stops' for this purpose." [That is, to prcscivo
the peace between the States.]
This announcement produced a profound im-
pression upon the public mind, and especially in
the slaveholding States. It was generally received
and regarded as an authoiitativc announcement
that the Constitution of the, United States con-
fers no power upon the Federal Government to
protect each of the States of this Union against
invasion from the other States. I shall not stop
to inquire whel her the Provident meant to declare
that the existing laws confer no authority upon
him, or that the Constitution empowers Congress
to enact no laws which would authorize the Fed-
eral interposition to protect the States from inva-
sion; my object is to raise the inquiry, and to ask
the judgment of the Senate and of the House of
Representatives on the question, whether it is not
within the power ofCongress,and the duty of Con-
gress, under the Constitution, to enact all laws
which may be necessary and proper for the protec-
tion of each and every Stat e against invasion, either
fiom foreign Powers or from any portion of the
United States.
Tiie denial of the existence of such a power in
the Federal Government has induced an inquiry
among conservative men—men loyal to the Con-
stitution and devoted to the Union—as to what
means they have of protection, if the Federal Gov-
ernment is not authorized to protect them against
external violence. It must be conceded that no
community is safe, no State can enjoy peace, or
prosperity,or domestic tranquillity, without secu-
rity against external violence. Every State and
nation of the world, outside of this Republic, ts
supposed to maintain ainues and navies for this
precise purpose. It is the only legetiinate pur-
pose for which ainiies and navies arc maintained
m tune of peace. They may be kept up for am-
bitious purposes, for the purpose's of aggression
and foreign war; but the legitimate purpose of a
military force in time of peace is to insure domes-
tic tranquillity against violence or aggression from
without. The States of this Union would pos-
sess that power, were it not for the restraints
imposed upon them by the Federal Constitution.
When that Constitution was made, the States sur-
rendered to the Federal Government the power to
raise and support armies, and the power to pro-
vide and maintain navies, and not only thus sur-
rendered the means of protection from invasion,
but. consented to a prohibition upon themselves
which declares that no State shall keep troops
or vessels of war in time of peace.
The question now recurs, whether the States
of this Union are in that helpless condition, with
their hands tied by the Constitution, stripped of
all means of repelling assaults and maintaining
their existence, without a guarantee from the Fed-
eral Government, to protect them against violence.
If the people of this country shall settle down into
the conviction that there is no power in the Fed-
eral Government under the Constitution to protect
each and every State from violence, from aggres-
sion, from invasion, they will demand that the
cord be severed, and that the weapons be restored
to their hands with which they may defend them-
selves. This inquiry involves the question of the
perpetuity of the Union. The means of defense,
the means of repelling assaults, the means of pro-
viding against invasion, must exist as a condition
of the safety of the States and the existence of the
Union.
Now, sir, I hope to be able to demonstrate that
there is no wrong in this Union for which the
Constitution of the United States has not provided
a remedy. I believe, and I hope I shall be able
to maintain, that a remedy is furnished for every
wrong which can be perpetrated within the Union,
if the Federal Government performs its whole
duty. I think it. is clear, on a careful examination
of the Constitution, that the power is conferred
upon Congress, first, to provide for repelling in-
vasion from foreign countries; and, secondly, to
protect each State of this Union against invasion
from any other State, Territory, or place, within
the jurisdiction of the United Suites. I will first
turn your attention, sir, to the power conferred
upon Congress to protcct the United States—in-
cluding States, Territories, and the District of
Columbia; including every inch of ground within
our limits and jurisdiction—against foreign inva-
sion. In the eighth section of the first article of
the Constitution, you find that Congress has
power—
"To raise and support armies; to provide and maintain
a Navy; to make lutes for the Government and icgula-
tion of the land and naval forces; to provide for callim?
forth the militia to execute, the laws of the Union? suppicss
insurrections, and repel invasions."
These various clauses confer upon Congress
power to use the whole military force of the coun-
try for the purposes specified m the Constitution.
They shall provide for the execution of the laws
of the Union; and, secondly, suppress insurrec-
tions. The insurrections there referred to are
insurrections against the authority of the United
States—insurrections against a State authority
being provided for in a subsequent section, m
which the United States cannot interfere, except
upon the application of the State authorities. The
invasion which is to be repelled by this clause
of the Constitution is an invasion of the United
States. The language is, Congress shall have
power to ''repel invasions." That gives the au-
thority to repel the invasion, no matter whether
the enemy shall land within the limits of Virginia,
within the District of Columbia, within the Ter-
ritory of New Mexico, or anywhere else within
the jurisdiction of the United States. The power
to protect every portion of the country against
invasion from foreign nations having thus been
specifically conferred, the framers of ihc Consti-
tution then proceeded to make guarantees for the
protection of each of the States by Federal author-
ity. I will read the fourth section of the fourth
article of the Constitution:
"The United States shall guaranty to eveiy State in
this Union a republican form of government, and shall pro-
tect each of them against invasion ; and, on application of
the Legi^latuie, or of the Executive, (when the Legislating
cannot be comcned,) against domestic violence."
This clause contains three distinct guarantees:
first, the United States shall guaranty to every
Stntn in this Union a republican form of govern-
ment; second, the United States shall protcct each
of them against invasion; third, the United States
shall, on application of the Legislature, or of the
Executive, when the Legislature cannot be con-
vened, protcct them against domestic violence.
Now, sir, I submit to you whether it is not clcar,
from the very language of the Constitution, that
this clause was inserted for the purpose of making
it the duty of the Federal Government to protect
each of the States against invasion from any other
State, Territory, or place within the jurisdiction
of the United States? For what other purpose
was the clause inserted? The power and duty
of protection as against foreign nations had already
been provided for. This clause occurs among
the guarantees from the United States to each
State, for the benefit of each State, for the protec-
tion of each State, and necessarily from other
