2516
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS
-May 81,
religion, language, thought, feeling, habits, cus-
toms, and manners, one and the same. "What-
ever seriously touches the condition of one portion
of us, does and will have its effect upon the rest;
In spite of all efforts to the contrary, there is and
will be a common sympathy having its root in
that universal principle,a simple allusion to which
by a great dramatist of antiquity is said to have
instantaneously elicited a burst of enthusiasm from
the thousands who crowded the Roman theater—
" I am a man; nothing that touches men can fail
to move me." Do you say that you can and
will resist all this; that you will shut yourselves
up at home, and see no more of the light of reason
than is consistent with the preservation of what
you are pleased to denominate your property;
then, try it a while, if you are bent on the ex-
periment. But permit me to predict, at this time,
that it will ignominiously pail. you cannot
separate from us, unless you blot from your mem-
ory all the traces of a common descent, a common
literature, social affinities cemented by the dear-
est ties, and of a common faith. The violent
men, who are counseling this extreme policy, and
in whom you now put your trust, wilt not retain
their hold upon your confidence when you open
your eyes to the consequences of their woik and
to the causes which they assign in their justifica-
tion. It may then be too hue entirely to repair
the damage; but, whether late or early, you shall
not have U to say that there was not at least one
voice, however humble, among those of your fan-
cied .opponents, which did not warn you of the
folly of throwing oft' friends and fellow-citizens,
only because they preferred to follow the doc-
trines taught by your and their fathers, rather
than to descrtthem in yourcompany. Choose ye,
where you will go; for us, we will adhere to the
ancient faith.
The Clerk then proceeded to read the bill by
clauses for amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to offer the following
amendment:
Strike out trom line nine to eighteen, inclusive, as fol-
lows :" For transportation of the mails,(inland,),$9,8G5,670;
of which sum $'100,000 may be applied on sueh routes es-
tablished by the aet entitled ' An act tocMabliMi post roads,'
approved 110) June, 1858, and $•£>,!60 on Mich of the loutes
established by the net entitled 'An act to establish mail
routes in the Territory of Kansas,' approved 27th Maicli.
1860, as the Postmaster (ieneial may deem advisable/'ami
inseit, m lieu thereof, the following:
For transportation of the mails within the jurisdiction
of the United Htate*, and on .such routes aloiii? the coasts
of the United States as do not touch at a foreign port,
§9,011,598.
The amendment is made necessary by the pas-
sage of a law, reported from the Post Office Com-
mittee, providing for the two items named in the
original clau.se of the bill. It is also necessary
to define the meaning of the word " inland " A
difference has arisen between the Post Office De-
partment and other Departments of the Govern-
ment, in regard to the meaning of the words "in-
land mails;" and, therefore, we have defined the
meaning of those words.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I desire to ask a
question of the ehanman of the Committee of
Ways and Means. Does the amendment which
he offers require the appropriation to he applied
to all the mail routes established up to this pe-
riod >
Mr. SHERMAN. It leaves the law precisely
as it is. It does not affect the question of the ics-
toration of mail service.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri, But does the ap-
propriation cover the mail routes established by
the mail route bill passed during the present ses-
sion ?
Mr. SHERMAN. It leaves the law precisely
as it is. The Postmaster General can put such
new mail routes into operation as he chooses.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLFAX. I instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads to offer
the following amendment, to come in after line
eighteen:
I'rocided, however, That the maximum compensation to
be paid to route agents shall not exceed $9(J0 per year.
Mr. Chairman, I hope there will be no objec-
tion to this amendment. There is no route agent
now in New York or New England whose salary
is $1,000 a year. Tli^re are twenty-one States of
this Union in which the salary of route agents
does not exceed $>900; but Congress, I think, un-
wisely, a few'ycars ago, caused the maximum to
be increased to $1,000. If the great mails in New
York and JJcw England—mails greater in amount
and in weight than anywhere else—can be handled
for $800 or $900 a year, they certainly can in any
part of the Confederacy.
Mr. FLORENCE. Do I understand the prop-
osition to be to reduce the salary of mail agents
to $900 a year?
Mr. COLFAX. That the maximum shall be
#900.
Mr. FLORENCE. I have no objection to
making that the maximum; but I am opposed to
the reduction of the salary of route agents below
$1,000. [Great laughter.] I made a mistake.
A Member. Ad libitum. [Laughter.]
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 meant the average sum;
but " to eir is human; to forgive, divine." [Re-
newed laughter.] I am opposed to this amend-
ment. I am opposed to fixing the maximum at
less than $1,000. [Continued merriment.] Mr.
Chairman, I am speaking seriously. 1 know
something of this subject; and I know that the
route agents on the principal routes cannot live
upon a less sum than $1,000, which is the amount
now paid them. They must live in two or three
cities.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I wish to propound
a question to my friend.
Mi. FLORENCE. No, sir, I cannot be inter-
rupted. I exhibited a great deal of good nature
to-day during the other debate; but I am not dis-
posed to penmt the gentleman to catechise me
now. I am opposed to this proposed reduction.
The service that these route agents perform is
perhaps more arduous than any service performed
m the Post Office Department. They are post
office clerks, mail guards, and laboring men, and
they perform all the dliferent duties that attach to
each of those occupations. They are obliged to
live in two cities. The route agents between here
and Philadelphia must have residences in Wash-
ington city as well as in Philadelphia, for the pur-
pose of promoting life, [laughter,] or of preserving
life, if for nothing else. I do not desire gentle-
men to understand me as saying that they have
residence inboth places for the puipose of voting,
because gentlemen who know inc would not, for
a single moment, suppose that I would justify
such a course. [Laughter.) 1 desire to be seri-
ous about this matter, and 1 hope that gentlemen
will so regaid my remaiks. I ask the committee
not to cut down the compensation of as faithful a
class of meti as any under the Government; I ask
them not to cut down the compensation of men
who earn it as well and as arduously as these men
do. These route agents are performing duty every
day of the week, secular days and Sabbath days,
and all through the night. [Laughter.] The route
agents between Philadelphia and this city leave
Philadelphia at eleven o'clock at night and arrive
here at six in the moining. They lose their nat-
ural rest. [Laughter.] 1 cannot proceed unless
order is preserved.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Will my friend
allow me to aslc him one question? I desire to
know what route agents are doing duty all night,
and lose their natural icst?
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 was not speaking of route
agents; I was speaking of route agents. [Laugh-
ter.] I cannot proceed, sir. I am sorry that a
proposition to deprive families of $100 of their
means of support shall be treated with so much
levity as this has been treated with.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. The time allowed for gen-
eral debate upon this bill has expired.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. 1 do not know that
I exactly understand the amendment proposed by
the chairman of the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Air. COLFAX. If I can have the attention of
the House for a moment, I will reply to the gen-
tleman fully.
Mr. FLORENCE. I submit this question of
order: that the amendment is not at this time in
order. It is a proposition to change existing
law.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's point of
Older comes too late.
Mr. COLFAX. The point of order would not
be well taken if it were in time; for several laws
which have increased the compensation of Post
Oflicc officials have been incorporated in appro-
priation bills.
Mr. FLORENCE. It is wrong if they have
been. I think the point of order is well taken.
Mr. COLFAX. Now, Mr. Chairman, I will
explain the amendment without detaining the
committee. There are in all, I think, four hundred
and seventy-live route agents, who are employed
to handle the mails on theraiiroads. In twenty-one
States, including Maine, New Hampshire, Ver-
mont,Massachusetts,Rhode Island, Connecticut,
New York, Alabama, Florida, Louisiana, Missis-
sippi, Tennessee, Kentucky, Missouri, Arkansas,
Indiana, Illinois, Michigan, Wisconsin, Iowa, and
Minnesota, none of them receive more than $900
a year; and over very many of the most important
routes in the most populous States, where the
mails are largest and the duties most arduous, the
route agents receive only $800 a year, including
two hundred and thirty-three out of the two hun-
dred and si-xty-six agents in the above States.
The maximum rate was established at $900, and
for the first year after it was increased to $1,000
there were but a few employed at that salary. The
next year there were fifteen or twenty, and there
are now forty-three. I think that $900 is ample
pay; and I hope the amendment will be adopted.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Does that include
special mail agents?
Mr. COLFAX. It does not. They are called
special agents. These are route agents.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move to amend by making
the maximum $1,000.
Now, sir, I desire gentlemen to consider this
subject as they ought to consider it; and I ask
them whether, in consideration of the arduous
duties these route agents have to perform, $1,000
a year is not very small compensation ? 1 do not
desire to occupy the time of the committee unne-
cessarily, but I trust the amendment I have pro-
posed will prevail. If gentlemen will acquaint
themselves with the labor that is devolved upon
these men in performing the necessary manipu-
lations of the large bags of documents that are
taken down to the cars in this city, I think it
would be sufficient to satisfy every gentleman
that $1,000 a year would be very small pay for
such labor. 1 know that some of these men have
to hire persons to assist them in packing these
heavy document bags in the mail car. I have had
fiequent opportunity of observing them; and I
ask gentlemen of the committee if they will take
away $100 from the families of these men? For
myself, I should prefer that their compensation
should be raised. The lowest salary given to the
clerks m the Departments is $1,200, and none of
them perform duties so arduous as these men. I
do not desire, as I said, to detain the committee;
but I hope the amendment offered by the gentle-
man from Indiana will not prevail.
Mr. MAYiNARD. 1 desire to ask the gentle-
man how much the postmaster of Philadelphia
pays the clerks employed in his office ?
Mr. FLORENCE. They are paid less than
they ought to be, and I will say that the clerks
in the post offices of the country are compensated
worse than the employes in any department of
the Government.
Mr. COLFAX. 1 hope the attention of the
committee will not be occupied with that question
at present. I have an amendment to mo\e upon
that subject in a subsequent part of the bill, w hen
I will show gentlemen some iiguies that will as-
tonish them.
Mr. FLORENCE. That is, I suppose, in ref-
erence to the low price they receive.
Mr. COLFAX. No, sir.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
Mr. LEACH, of North Carolina. I move to
amend the amendment by striking out "$900,"
and inserting " $800.15 The route agents in my
State only get $700, and I think $800 is sufficient.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
The amendment, as amended, was then adopted.
Mr. COLFAX. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads to move
the following:
Amend lined nineteen and twenty by reducing the amount
of 32,65-1,000 to $-2,o00,0(W, and add :
Piovided, hou-ever That at all post offices. at which the
receipts exceed §400 per year, the commission of postmas-
ters on such excess shall be the rates established the act
approved March 3,1853; and that the proviso to the uet of
