1572
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April t>,
teo of the Whole. It makes appropriations to
nay the owners of land claimed by the State of
Maine, but which, by the Ashburton treaty, fell
■within the British dominions,and to which these
owners, who held under the States of Maine and
Massachusetts, lost title by the operation of the
treaty.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The attention
of the Chair is called to an evident clerical omis-
sion. It speaks of the " Secretary" instead of the
"Secretary of the Treasury.'' That -will be rec-
tified by unanimous consent.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed. <
CALIFORNIA CIVIL POND.
The next bill 011 the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 193) to authorize and direct the payment of
certain moneys to the State of California, which
were collected in the ports of said State as a rev-
enue upon imports since the ratification of the
treaty of peace between the United States and the
Republic of Mexico, and prior to the admission
of said State into the Union.
Mr. BENJAMIN. That bill has never been
referred to any committee, that I can see; and I
believe it is a bill of some importance. I move
to refer it to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
JAMES BELL.-
The bill (S. No. 195) for the relief of the legal
representatives of James Bell, deceased, was read
a second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It provides for the payment to Wil-
liam Cameron, administrator of the estate of
James Bell, late of Chambley, in the province of
Lower Canada, for the use and benefit of his heirs
and legal representatives, and to such other per-
sons as may show themselves legally entitled
thereto, the sum of §329 31, that being the bal-
ance of principal found due to the representatives
of Bell, upon the settlement of their accounts at
the Treasury, under the act entitled " An act for
the relief of the heirs of James Bell, deceased,"
approved the 30th day of June, 1834, with inter-
est on this balance of principal, from the 30th of
June, 1834, until paid.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
JOIIN C. CARTER.
The joint resolution (S. No. 15) for the relief
of Lieutenant John C. Carter, was read a sec-
ond time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It proposes to direct tin; accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury, in the settlement of the ac-
counts of Lieutenant John C. Carter, of the United
States Navy, to allow him the sum provided in
the joint resolution of Congress,' approved Febru-
ary 13, 1855, for such expenses as were incurred
by him whilst acting as purser on board the ship
Massachusetts, while undergoing repairs at San
Francisco, California, deducting therefrom the
sum which has been paid or allowed him on ac-
count of the same since the date of the passage of
the joint resolution of 1855; but the amount al-
lowed is not to exceed §955 36.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate,
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
1'. M. GUNNELL.
The bill (S. No. 198) for the relief of F. M.
Gunnell, passed assistant surgeon in the Navy,
was read a second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. Its object is to allow
to Assistant Surgeon F. M. Gunnell §15G for ex-
traordinary expenses incurred by lum in the dis-
charge of his duty at San Francisco.
Mr. FOLli. I should like to know if there is
any report accompanying that bill.
The Secretary read the report made at the first
session of the I'hirty-Fifih Congress, from which
it appears that the petitioner, an assistant sur-
geon in the Navy, attached to the United States
ship Independence, of the Pacific squadron, was
orderi-d by Captain Josiah Talaall, on the 17th
day of yeptciiiber, 1855, to proceed t« g;«) Fran-
cisco, and rejiort himself for duty at the Ouited
States naval rendezvous in that city, and to return
to the ship when the rendezvous should be closed.
Under this order he performed the duty assigned
him twelve weeks in the city of San Francisco.
His board, during that time on shore, amounted,
according to the voucher filed by him, twelve
weeks, at eighteen dollars, to $216. In view of the
fact that in fixing the salary of his grade reference
was had to its ordinary expenses, the committcc
deemed it but equitable, and in conformity with
the usage of Congress, to reimburse the memo-
rialist for any ordinary expense incident to public
duty assigned him, properly incurred. Had the
memorialist remained on board of the ship, in the
discharge of his duties as an assistant surgeon,
his mess bill would not probably have exceeded
twenty dollars per month; deducting this amount
from his expenses on shore, leaves the sum of
$156, and for this the committee reported a bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. POWELL. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
The motion was not agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes thirteen, noes not counted.
SAMUEL UOLGATE.
The bill (S. No. 204) from the Court of Claims,
for the relief of George Ashley, administrator de
bonis non of Samuel llolgate, deceased, was read
a second time, and considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It provides for the payment of
$996 01, in full for planks and hoards and other
property of Holgate, seized by Commodore Mc-
Donough, on Lake Champlain, in the year 1814.
Mr. PUGH. I should like to know how that
bill has come up again. It has been rejected by
the Senate once, after a very full discussion, and
I think two or three discussions. I understand
that when a case is reported from the Court of
Claims, it remains on the Calendar until it is
disposed of; but this has been disposed of since
I have been in the Senate, and so with the next
bill on the Calendar. They have been debated
at great length. This case and the next one are
both old acquaintances that I think the Senate
will recollect. This is a claim for the seizure of
a vessel, and the appropriation of some lumber,
during the last war witft Great Britain, made by
Commodore ]McDonough. The ship was libeled
for dealing with the enemy,but it was condemned
in the wrong district court. That is the whole
case. The case stands on that point. It was
condemned in the district of Vermont, when it
ought to have been condemned in the district of
New York, or perhaps vice versa; and the Court
of Claims decided that the whole judicial pro-
ceeding was void, because it was in the wrong
district, not because the facts were not well
stated and well proved. The charge against the
man being that lie was furnishing supplies to the
enemy, the commodore seized the vessel and
appropriated the property to the use of the Uni-
ted States,tmd the vessel was libeled and con-
demned for that very act; and on the mere quib-
ble that the case was tried in the wrong court,
the Court of Claims have sustained the claim;
but-thereis a fact behind it that the Court of Claims
never'looked to This man brought an action, in
the courts of Vermont, against the commodore,
in trespass, on the ground that the jurisdiction of
the district court in admiralty was not rightly
taken, and on full trial by jury a verdict was
given in favor of the commodore against the claim-
ant. Now, if we stand on the conclusiveness of
judicial proceedings, I say the verdict is a bar.
Mr. 1VERS0N. Allow me to interrupt the
Senator. Perhaps I can save his argument. The
Senator says this case has once been adjudicated
by the Senate. If so, it has escaped my memory.
I know it was under discussion two years ago,
but my recollection is; that it was not finally de-
cided; but if that be the case, there ought to be
an end of the claim. 1 move to postpone it for
the present.
Mr. PUGH. I believe, now that the Senator
tominds me of it, the bill was defeated after along
debate, and towards the end of the session some
Senator interpose.] a motion to reconsider. That
motion was, perhaps. e,ever disposed of; but prac-
tically and substantially this case was disposed
of by the .Senate, and unir.ss something new be
brought up, 1 CcUUlot vote for it.
Mr. IVERSON. I move to postpone the case
for the present. I think it is a good case, and ought
to pass; but I am not disposed to debate the ques-
tion so late in the afternoon.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
O. H. BERRYMAN.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 205) from the Court of Claims for the relief
of 0. H. Bergman and others.
Mr. PUGH. I ask that that may lie over too.
It has been considered, and I think rejected. At
all events, the Senator from Georgia, who is ab-
sent, had a particular interest in the opposition.
The bill was postponed.
EMILIE G. JONES AND NANCY M. JOHNSON.
The bill (S. No. 206) from the Court of Claims,
for the relief of Emihe G. Jones, executrix of
Thomas P. Jones, deceased, was read a second
time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It provides for the payment to Emilie
G. Jones, executrix of Thomas P. Jones, de-
ceased, of $2,250, in full for the services of Thomas
P. Jones as a member of the board of examiners
appointed by the Secretary of the Navy, under
the provisions of the act of Congress approved
March 3, 1843, entitled "An act to modify the
act entitled ' An act to provide for the better se-
curity of the lives of passengers on board of ves-
sels propelled in whole or in part by steam,' "
approved July 7, 1838.
Mr. HALE. I move to amend the bill by
adding the claim of Mrs. Johnson, who is the co-
petitioner of Mrs. Jones, and stands exactly on
the same footing.
Mr. IVERSON. I have no objection to that.
Mr. HALE. I move to amend it by adding
the bill S. No. 212, as an amendment to this. Itis:
-'hid be it farther enacted. That the Secretary of tile
Treasury be, and he hereby is, directed, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appro piiated, to pay to Nancy
M. Johnson, administratrix of Walter K. Johnson, deceased,
the sum of s:i;^50 in t'utl for services of the said Walter It.
Johnson, as a member of the board of examiners appointed
by the Secretary of the Navy, under the piovislons of the
act of Congress approved March 3, 1843, entitled "An act
to modify the act entitled 'An act to provide for the better
security of the lives of passengeis on board of vessels pro-
pelled in whole or in part by steam,' " approved Julv 7,
1838.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate, and the
amendment was concurred in, and the bill ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time. It was
read the third time,and passed; and the title was
amended so as to read: "A bill for the relief of
Emihe G. Jones, executrix of Thomas P.Jones,
deceased, and of Naney M. Johnson,administra-
trix of Walter II. Johnson, deceased.
THOMAS R. GEDNKr.
The bill (S. No. 207) from the Court of Claims
for the relief of James L. Edwards, administrator
of Thomas R. Gedney, deceased, was read a sec-
ond time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It provides for the payment of $49G GO,
in full for all sums due to Thomas R. Gedney, as
disbursing agent of the. coast survey, prior to the
year 1847.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
LYDIA FRAZEE.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 208) from the Court of Claims, for the relief
of Lydia Frazee, widow of John Frazee, late of
New York.
Mr. IVERSON. I move that the bill be laid
aside, and the House bill for the relief of the same
party be taken up.
The motion was agreed to.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, pro-
ceeded to consider the bill (C. C.No.99) for the re-
lief ofLydia Frazee, widow and administratrix of
John Frazee, late of the city of New York, which
directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to
her $2,868, in full for the services of John Fra-
zee, as architect and superintendent of the New
York custom-house from the 3d of March, 18-11,
to the 21st of May, 1842.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third leading, read the tliiid time, and passed.
THOMAS ALLEN.
The bill (S. No. 209) from the Court of Claims,
for the relief of Thomas Allen, was read a second
