1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It provides for the payment to Thomas
Allen of $27,730 03, in full for printing twenty
thousand copies of the Compendium of the Sixth
Census of the United States, and furnishing the
materials for the same.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
AUGUSTUS II. EVANS.
The bill (S. No. 210) from the Court of Claims
for the relief of Augustus H. Evans was read a
second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It proposes to pay to Augustus H.
Evans the ^um of $800 in full for his services as
clerk, in the State of Missouri, during the years
1835 and 1836.
Mr. HALE. Let the report be read. The
bill docs not say what he was clerk of. I do
not care about it, if the chairman will say what
it is.
Mr. IVERSON. I will take occasion to say
that I do not know anything about it. I have
not examined many of these cases from the Court
of Claims.
The Secretary proceeded to read the opinion of
the Court of Claims.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Senator from New
Hampshire sees, from what has been read, that
this is a claim of a clerk at a land office for his
salary; and the court find upon the evidence that
it has not been paid, and is due to him. I do not
think we can do any better than take that for
granted.
Mr. HALE. I called for the reading, because
tlie bill did not state what he was clerk of. I ask
from some one cognizant of these matters, for I
I am not, whether these clerks look to the officer
who employs them, or to the Government, for pay.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I understand they are paid
by the Government. The Government authorizes
a certain number of clerks in the office.
Mr. POLK. The Government pays ilieni. I
will also state that I know this gentleman, and
know lie was employed in the land office.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, aiHf passed.
* WILLIAM GETGER.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
i\To. 211) from the Court of Claims for the relief
of William Geiger.
Mr. POWELL. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the Senator from Ken-
tucky allow this bill to pass, or rather a House
bill on the same subject ?
Mr. POWELL. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to lay this bill on
the table, and take up the House bill in its place.
The motion was agreed to.
Tli'- Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, pro-
ceeded to consider the bill (C. C. No. 96) for the
rehefof William Geiger. It directs the Secretary of
the Treasury to pay to William Geiger in full for
all claims against the United States, by virtue of
his contract made on the 18th of October, 1854, at
Fort Smith City, with Captain French for lime-
stone and mason work for the barracks at Fort
Washita, in the Cherokee nation, $4,010 62.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
MARIANO G.VALLEJO.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I made a mistake, as there
is one more House bill, No. 92. I thought all
the House bills had been passed. I move to take
up the House bill No. 92.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
tiie bill (C. C. No 92) for the relief of Mariano
G. Vallejo, which directs the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay to her in full, for the occupation
by the troops of the United States, of a building
oil the square ofSouoma, in California, from May
30, 1848, to August, 1853, §8,800.
Mr. KING. Is there a report in that case ?
Mr. IVERSON. I do not know the facts of
this ease. I will state, however, that this bill,
which comes from the House of Representatives,
reduces the amount of the judgment §4,000. The
Court of Cl.unis gave a judgment for §12,000, and
the committee in the House cut it down to §8,000;
and the House passed it in that form. I do not
know the merits of the case.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Court of Claimsgave
a judgment for $12,600, and the House has re-
duced it to $8,800.
The Secretary read the report made in the
House of Representatives, from which it appears
that the petitioner alleges that in July, 1846, his
private property,-situated in the plaza of Sonoma,
California, was take'n possession of and occupied
by the United States troops, and continued to be
so occupied from that period until August, 1853,
and for which he claimed as rent $20,000. The
Court of Claims reported a bill for the petitioner,
allowing him $12,GOO. After an examination of
all the testimony submitted to the court, the com-
mittee were of the opinion that the allowance of
$12,600 is an extravagant one, and not justified
by the evidence. The following allowance ap-
peared to the committee to be not only fair under
the proof, but liberal: rent from May 30,1848, to
November 1G, 1848, at $200 per month, §1,100;
rent from June, 1849, to July, 1851, at $200 per
month, $5,200; rent from July, 1851, to August,
1853, at $100 per month, $2,500; total, $8,880.
The Court of Claims allowed $12,600, as follows:
from May 30,1848, to November 16,1848, at $200
per month, $1,100; fromJune,1849,to July, 1851,
at $250 per month, $6,500; from July, 1851, to
August, 1853, at $200 per month, $5,000; total,
$12,600.
Mr. KING. I should like to know on what
authority the troops of the United States take
possession of private property, and occupy it to
the damage of the United States, in time of peace.
Mr. IVERSON. It was in time of war; during
the Mexican war.
Mr. KING. In 1853?
Mr. IVERSON. In 1846.
Mr. KING. I thought the bill stated 1853. I
ask that the report be read again. I think it is
1853.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It is from May, 1848, to
August, 1853.
Mr. KING. I understood it was 1853. I think
the matter is entitled to investigation elsewhere.
If the War Department and the Army are thus
seizing private property and coming here for dam-
ages, it is a matter that should elicit some inquiry
elsewhere, if such are the facts. I certainly see no
authority for it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Let the report be read
again.
The Secretary read it.
Mr. KING. I heard the last date. I did not
hear the first.
The b ll was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. POWELL. I now renew my motion to
adjourn.
*rhe motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Fkiday, April 6, I860.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H.
Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
SERVICE OS COMMITTEE.
Mr. DIMMICK. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I was appointed by the Speaker, some time
since, one of a special committee of investigation,
of which Mr. Hoard is chairman. Circum-
stances have since occuied which render it quite
necessary that I should be absent from the city
for a few weeks. Therefore, I ask to be excused
from service upon that committee.
The gentleman was excused.
NAVY-YARDS. *•
Mr. FLORENCE, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced the folio wing resolution; which was read,
consideied, and agreed to:
Resolved, That th>; fc?ccietaiy of the Navv, in reply tothe
ro=olution of the limine of March I, 1S60, calling tor the
evidence taken by the boaid of Navy officers lor iuvsti-
gatmit the condition of the navy-yards, he requested to trans-
mit also tile action of the Navy Department.
Mr. FLORENCE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the lesolution was agreed to, and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider oil the table.
The latter motion was agreed to. ;
WILLIAM WATKINS.
Mr. QJJARLES, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a billforthe benefit of William W&tkins;
which was read a first and second time, and-re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. TAPPAN. I call for the regular order of
business.
Mr. STANTON. Will the gentleman from
New Hampshire postpone his .call for a moment?
Mr. TAPPAN withdrew the call. "
COMMITTEE DISCHARGED.
Mr. STANTON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs to report back the pe-
tition of John B. Bowman, asking for a sale of *
the property belonging to the United States, lo-
cated at Harrodsburg, in the State of Kentucky,
and also the remonstrance of the citizens of Ken-
tucky, against the establishment of a cavalry
depot at Harrodsburg, in Kentucky; and to ask
that the committee be discharged from the further
consideration of the same, in order that they may
be sent to the Senate. I make that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
SURGEONS IN THE NAVY.
Mr. MAYNARD, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the memorial of Surgeon H. O. Mayo, in
behalf of the corps of surgeons in the United
States Navy; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
WINNEBAGO INDIANS.
Mr. ALDRICH, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the memorial of the Legislature of the
State of Minnesota, for the removal of the Win-
nebago Indians, and the indemnification of the
early settlers on their reservations; which was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
* MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Hatton, one of the clerks in the office of the
Secretary of the Senate, informing the House that
the Senatp had passed a resolution and bills of the
following titles; in which he was directed to ask
the concurrence of the House:
A resolution (No. 24) for the compensation of
Rev. R. R. Richards, late chaplain to the United
States penitentiary in -the District of Columbia;
An act (No. 148) concerning courts in the Ter-
ritories ;
An act (No. 229) for the relief of Angelina C.
Bowman, widow of Francis L. Bowman, late
captain in the United States Navy;
An act (No. 256) for the relief of Thomas L.
Disharoon, of St. Louis county, Missouri;
An act ( No. 295) for the relief of William B.
Shubriclc; and
An act (No. 375) to extend the provisions of
an act approved March 3, 1851, entitled "An act
to limit the liabilities of ship-owners, and for
other purposes," to the Lakes.
FOfiT AT PEMBINA.
Mr. ALDRICH also, by unanimous consent,
presented the memorial of the Legislature of the
State of Minnesota, for a fort or military post in
the valley of the Pembina river; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
ALEXANDER THOMSON.
Mr. PETTIT, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill for the relief of Alexander Thomson,
late United States consul at Maranham, Brazil;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
AMERICAN CITIZENS IN MEXICO.
Mr. BRANCH, by unanimous consent, offered
the following resolution; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President be requested to communi-
cate to this House, if not incompatible with the public
interest, any information in his possession touching the ic-
puteil expulsion of American citizens from Mexico, and
the confiscation of their property by General Miramon.
NAVY-YARD IN MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. McRAE, by unanimous consent, presented
the resolution of the Legislature of'the State of
Mississippi to the Congress of the United States,
in relation to the establishment of a navy-yard at
the bay of Biloxi, in said State; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
