1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2517
June 22, 1854, authorizing the Postmaster General to allow
extra pay to postmasters over their regular commissions is
hereby repealed.
Mr. FLORENCE. T submit that that amend-
ment is not in order. It is legislation upon an
appropriation bill.
Mr. COLFAX. It is in order. Several of these
changes of compensation, including the increase
of pay of special agents, have been made in ap-
propriation bills.
Mr. FLORENCE. Well, sir, whether it is in
order or not, it is hasty and inconsiderate legis-
lation that I will not submit to, if I can prevent it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. COLFAX. I desire to explain this amend-
ment in the five minutes to which I am entitled.
The last clause of this amendment repeals the pro-
viso authorizing the Postmaster General to allow
extra compensation to postmasters ovorand above
their regular commissions m certain cases. This
part of the amendment is reported on the recom-
mendation of the acting Postmaster General, the
Postmaster General being absent at the time.
Since the return of Mr. Holt, he has also given it
his approval. He states that the existing provis-
ion is a subject of constant annoyance to the De-
partment; that from the fact that this extra com-
pensation is left to his discretion, he is almost
overwhelmed with the applications of postmas-
ters from all portions of the country. He desires
to be relieved from the authority which is given
him, and the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads think the proviso had better be approved.
In regard to that part of the amendment which
relates to the commissions of postmasters, I would
state that, in July, 1847, when postage was re-
duced to five and ten cents, they were allowed
forty per cent, on the first $100 receipts per quar-
ter, (and fifty per cent, when the mail arrives
regularly at night:) thirty-three and one third per
cent, on the next $300 per quarter; thirty percent,
on the next §2,000; and twelve and one half per
cent, on all over $2,400. In 1853, when the rates
were reduced to three cents prepaid, and five
cents unpaid, (rates which gnve more trouble to
the postmasters than the present prepaid rate,)
the commissions were increased to fifty per ccnt.
on the first $100 receipts per quarter; and sixty
per cent, when mails arrive at night; forty per
cent, on next $300 per quarter; thirty-five percent,
on next $2,000; and fifteen per cent, on all over
$2,400. But m 1854, when the present rates were
adopted, another extensive increase was made in
the commissions, as follows: sixty per cut. on
.first $300 per quarter, and seventy per cent, when
the mails arrive at night; fifty per ccnt. on next
$300; forty percent, on next $2,000; and fifteen
per ccnt. on all over $2,490. The effect of this
IS, that of our entire postal receipts, above one
half is now absorbed by postmasters, clerks, and
other officers of the Department. Is there any
wonder that there is a large and constantly in-
creasing deficit in thatDepartment? Indeed, how
could it be expected to pay under this system?
Now, sir, we propose, m this amendment, not
to touch the pay of the postmasters in any of the
small offices. Wherever the receipts do not ex-
ceed $400 per year they will receive sixty per cent,
commission, as now; but it is to reduce those of-
fices of a higher class, which ar? so eagerly sought
for whenever a vacancy occurs; and it is only to
reduce them to the rates established when the
three and five eeirt postage rate was adopted,
which was sufficient then, and is sufficient now.
We are about to enter upon a new Administration,
and 1 care not what party comes into power, I de-
sire to reduce the compensation, so as to dimmish,
as far as possible, the scramble there will bo, under
any Administration, for those offices. If the rates
were so low that competent men could not be se-
cured, I would not advocate it; but to restore the
rates of 1851 will not render the compensation
inadequate.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Will the gentleman per-
mit me to make an inquiry of him?
Mr. COLFAX. Certainly.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I do not know how it
may be in regard to the postmasters in the large
cities. Perhaps the present compensation of the
postmasters there is an adequate one; but I do
know that in the section from which I come, the
compensation of postmasters is totally inadequate.
If this amendmentshouldpass, it will be difficult,
sir, in many towns, even in many of our largest
towns, to obtain the services of competent per-
sons at the several post offices.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to make an inquiry of
the gentleman from Indiana. What is the proviso
it is proposed to repeal? What is its nature?
Mr. COLFAX. The reduction proposed will
not apply to over one tenth of the post offices in
the country, and to many even of them in a very
small degree; and on the average, the reduction
will not be more than six or eight percent. Fully
nine tenths of all the post offices in the United
States will be unaffected by it.
Mr. PHELPS. The provision of law which
it is proposed to repeal by the last clause of this
amendment, was enacted to make an additional
compensation to the small offices in the country
where the commissions were not sufficient. I
know some cases of the kind. There are offices
where rt;ails arc divided to be sent to different
points—not distribution offices, but what are called
separating offices—and the commissions received
at those offices by the postmasters for the dis-
charge of the duties imposed upon them, are en-
tirely inadequate to secure competent men. These
offices are important, and I think that they ought
to have the increase of salary which is allowed
them.
Mr. COLFAX. The fact of the matter is, that
extra pay has been generally claimed by offices
which are not important enough to be ranked as
distributing offices, but claim to be ranked as
"separating offices." The Postmaster General
has been run down with applications for increase
of pay from postmasters, until now he asks for
the action now proposed; and I hope that it will
bo granted.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope that the law which
it is proposed to repeal will be read.
Mr. PHELPS. So far as the amendment may
operate upon the applications where postmasters
may receive an adequate compensation, I am will-
ing that it shall be enacted into law; but, sir, m
respect to the offices where the emolument s amount
to less than one hundred dollars a year—offices
whichaie important for the purpose of expediting
the mails which may concentrate at particular
points—I think it is wrong to reduce the com-
pensation now allowed. If that class of offices
be excepted, I do not know but that I will vote
for the amendment.
Mr. COLFAX. I cannot accept the modifica-
tion, as I propose this amendment by authority
of a committee. The repeal proposed ought to
be made general, if at all. It only carries out the
idea piockiimed this morning in the Washington
Constitution. That journal denounces us for the
restoration of the postal service; and it says that
the pastal service is now bloated, and that it has
become a by-word and a reproach. While I want
the mail service restored to the people, I believe
the expenses of the postal system should be gov-
erned by economy, and want the ax of retrench-
ment to fall where it ought to fall, where I am
surprised it has not fallen, and where no man
here will deny it ought to fall. If there are ex-
cessive salaries,useless offices,needless expenses,
those " excrescences,to use the Constitution's
language, should be exscinded; and before we
get through this bill we shall propose retrench-
ments that will reduce the expenses of the Post
Office Department half a million per year.
Mr. PHELPS. I ask the gentleman from In-
diana to have the law read that it is proposed to
repeal. I can find no act of June 30, 1854.
Mr. COLFAX. The law provides that, with
regard to separating offices, the Postmaster Gen-
eral may have authority to make extra compensa-
tion over and above the salary. That is the law
almost verbatim.
Mr. PHELPS. I think the gentleman has
made a mistake in the date of the act.
Mr. COLFAX. No, sir, I think not. i
Mr. BARKSDALE. I would like to have the j
gentleman from Indiana assign some reasons why
the Postmaster Geneial should not be invested
with discretion to allow this extra compensation.
There are many offices where it is absolutely
necessary.
Mr. COLFAX. The Postmaster General de-
sires not to have the discretion, and the Post Office
Committee concur with him that he ought not to
have it.
Mr. SINGLETON. I move to add one dollar
to the amount. I understand, sir, the chairman
of the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads to state, that whenever the pfoce^ds of the
office shall pay the postmaster $240, the reduc-
tion shall begin.
Mr. COLFAX. Yes, sir; but even then it/will
be upon the excess only that the law of £851 will
apply. I cap give the gentleman the percentage*
and ne can judge for himself whether it is suffi-
cient. The law of 1851 allows forty per cent, on
the next $300 per quarter. The present rates are
fifty per cent. There arc seventy-seven offices in
the State of Delaware, and but six of them will
be affected by this amendment; and of those six,
only two will be affected to the extent of more
than a few dollars.
Mr. SINGLETON. I am in favor of a judi-
cious curtailment of all the expenditures of this
Government; as much so, sir, as any man upon
this floor; but I know a little about these post-
masters, and the compensation they receive for the
services they render. I am satisfied that, so far
as my own State is concerned, the postmasters
there do not rcceivc the pay„to which they are
justly entitled. I will take the city of Jackson,
the capital of the State of Mississippi. We have
at that city as competent, faithful, and efficient a
postmaster as can be found in any State in this
Union. So great is the amount of labor to be
done at that office, it being a distributing or sep-
arating office, that lie is compelled to employ two
or three clerks; and yet, sir, the entire proceeds
of his office are only $700.
I know no reason why the Postmaster General
should not be willing to take the trouble upon
himself to examine into these cases, and why he
should not allow additional compensation where
it is shown to be right and proper. He is placed
at the head of the Post Office Department for the
discharge of these duties; and neither he nor
the Assistant Postmaster General has a right to
avoid the exercise of this discretion, when proper
evidence is furnished that the compensation al-
lowed is inadequate compared with the heavy
duties imposed upon these small postmasters of
the country. I think that it is nothing more than
right that these high functionaries should under-
take this duty. Who more properly can dis-
charge it? If this amendment be only to save
the Department from trouble and responsibility;
if it be that they only wish to be relieved from
the annoyance, as it is termed, of these applica-
tions, then most assuredly I will vote against it;
for I believe that they ought to attend to their
duties and allow extra pay where additional du-
ties have been imposed by reason of making cer-
tain post offices separating offices. I say that
the compensation now allowed is not enough.
Mr. COLFAX. At both ends of the Capitol
we have heard complaints that the expenses of
the Post Office Department are increasing; that
they are becoming enormous; that the deficit is
increasing, and that the people are beginning to
look at the matter. If you will look at the fig-
ures you will find that the commissions paid to
postmasters, which w ere in 1854 $1,747,000, have
increased now in six years to $2,654,000—nearly
a million dollars increase—about sixty per cent.;
while the receipts of the Post Office Department
have increased only about twenty-five per cent.
At this rate, the more we receive, the poorer the
Department will become. What is the reason for
this state of things? It will be found in the in-
creased compensation which has been paid to
postmasters. I will read one paragraph from the
report of the Post Office Committee, to show why
the rate of compensation should be brought back
to what it was in 1851:
<£ These stead v advance* in tho rates of commission wore
based on the argument that, under the reduction of the rates
of postage, increased lahor would he required of postmas-
ter* in the inen,as>ed number of letters mailed and deliv-
eted by tbem; and tins argument wa* unquestionably en-
titled ro f-ome regard. Bur in turn, a little over a year after
the la^t increase was adopted, ihc labors of postmasters
were decreased by the adoption of the compulsory prepay-
ment law which went into lorce in 1855. Thus with the
system of stamps and stamped envelopes, very materially
lightened the )abor& of postmasters, as all lelteis, being pre-
paid, arc deiiveifd now as ^oon as the mail is opened,
without having to collect postage and make change for
their owners; and in the mailing ot letters, the purchase
by so large a portion of the public stamps and envelopes
relieves the postmasters of much of their former Jabor of
receiving the postage on each letter mailed separately."
Now, there is not a man here but knows that,
