1574
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
KING AND SAMANIEGO.
Mr. HAMILTON, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of the Whole House be
discharged from the further consideration of the reports of
the Court of Claims (No. 208) in the case of Thomas B.
King, and (No. 209) in the case of Fernando Samaniego, and
that the same be referred to the Committee of Claims.
BOUNTY LANDS TO SEAMEN.
Mr. ELY, by unanimous consent, introduced
a bill granting bounty lands to seamen on board
of ships regularly commissioned by the United
States; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
UNITED STATES COURT AT BINGIIAMTON.
Mr. DUELL, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to provide for holding the circuit
court and district court of the United States at
Binghamton, in the State of New York; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee 011 the Judiciary.
IIENRY R. CROSBY.
Mr. STEVENS, of "Washington, by unani-
mous consent, introduced the folio wing resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of State be requested to
communicate to the House the report of Henry It. Crosby,
Esq., embodying the facts and occurrences connected with
the occupation of the Island of San Juan.
NAVIGATION OP HELL GATE.
Mr. BARR, by unanimous consent, introduced
a bill authorizing the formation of a company for
the improvement of the navigation of the East
river at Hell Gate; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
ACCOUNTS WITH MINNESOTA.
Mr. WINDOM, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to settle certain accounts between the
United States and the State of Minnesota; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
BOUNTY LANDS.
Mr. HAWKINS, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill granting bounty lands to soldiers
engaged in the Indian wars of Florida since the
3d March, 1855; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
SARAH MURPHY.
Mr. NOELL, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill for the relief of Sarah Murphy; which
was read a first and segond time, and referred to
the Committee 011 Revolutionary Pensions.
PETER AND ALEXIS NAVARRE.
Mr. ASHLEY, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill for the relief of Peter and Alexis Na-
varre; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions.
ORGANIZATION 01' THE IIOUSE.
Mr. ASHLEY also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to provide for and facilitate the
organization of the House of Representatives of
the; United States on the assembling of each Con-
gress; which was read a first and second time,
and icferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
COOLIE TRADE.
Mr. ELIOT. I ask leave to introduce a bill
and report to have printed and recommitted.
Mr. BRANCH. I object.
Mr. ELIOT. I only want to have it printed
and recommitted.
Mr. BRANCH. I must object.
Mr. ELIOT. Then I call for the regular order
of business.
MARGARET WHITEHEAD.
Mr. MILLSON. I rise to n privileged ques-
tion. I call up the motion, which I submitted
some time ago, to reconsider the vote by which
the House referred to a Committee of the Whole
House a bill for the relief of Margaret Whitehead.
I can in two minutes state the reasons which I
have to urge in support of my motion.
The SPEAKER. The motion is in order.
Mr. MILLSON. Mr. Speaker, this bill grantsa
pension of five dollars per month to an old woman
who is the widow of aboatswain in the Navy. At
the last Congress a bill for her relief was reported
here. It passed the House unanimously, and was
sent to the Senate. It was reported to the Senate
with a recommendation that it do pass, and it was
put upon the Private Calendar. Some time after-
wards, when it was taken up, some Senator ob-
jected to it, or urged, as an objection to the pas-
sage of the bill, that it was extending the benefits
of the law further than the law had ever gone;
and, strange to say, the Senators were either not
attending, or those attending did not seem to be
aware that the law had always extended pensions
to the seamen as well as the officers, although the
statement was that seamen and petty officers and
their widows were never entitled to pensions un-
der the law. It was a very gross and remarkable
error; but still it was an error, which induced the
Senate to reject the bill. When I discovered it,
I called on that Senator, and when I showed him
the law and gave him the statement of the Com-
missioner of Pensions, he expressed great regret at
it, and said he would take pains on any future oc-
casion to repair the wrong of which lie had been
the unwilling cause.
All I wish to have done now is, that the House
shall put the bill in the same attitude in which it
would have been placed but for this unfortunate and
singular misconception in the Senate. If the bill
remains in the Committee of the Whole House,
the probability is that it will hardly be reached in
time to go to the Senate. I ask theHouse, ifthese
considerations"commend themselves to it as they
do to me, that the reference will be reconsidered.
If they do not, the House will reject the motion
to reconsider.
The question was taken 011 the motion to re-
consider; and it was agreed to.
The bill was read. It requires the Secretary of
the Interior to place the name of Margaret White-
head, widow of William Whitehead, late boat-
swain in the Navy of the United States, on the
pension roll, at the rate of five dollars per month,
from the 9th of April, 1854.
The question recurred on the motion to recom-
mit the bill to a Committee of the Whole House;
and it was not agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MILLSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BILLS ON TIIE SPEAKER'S TABLE.
Mr. TAPPAN. I insist on the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the reception of reports from committees
of a private nature. Reports are in orderfrom the
Committee of Elections.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Will the gentleman
from New Hampshire yield to me, in order that I
may propose to the House to take from the Speak-
er's table bill No. 303, and have it referred to the
Committee on Commerce ? The subject-matter of
the bill is of great importance to many gentlemen in
the city of New York and elsewhere. It refers to
the guano trade. The bill has come from the Sen-
ate, and we wish to have it perfected by the Com-
mittee 011 Commerce, in order to bring it back to
the House at an early day.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggest that all the bills
be taken from the Speaker's table for reference
only.
The SPEAKER. If thbre be no objection, that
course will be taken.
Mr. TAPPAN. I have no objection to their
being taken up merely for reference.
There being no objection, the following bills,
'&c., were taken from the Speaker's table, anddis-
posed of as indicated below:
DISCONTINUED PORTS OF DELIVERY.
A letter from the Secretary of the Treasury, in
answer to a resolution of the House of Repre-
sentatives, ofMarch26,1860, requesting informa-
tion relative to what ports of delivery, if any,
were discontinued, &c.; which was laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
MARK ELISIIA.
An act (S. No 42) for the relief of the heirs and
legal representatives of Mark Elisha; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
GRANT OF LAND TO IOWA.
~A joint resolution (S. No. 2) removing the re-
strictions on a certain grant of five sections of
land to the State of Iowa; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
DESERTION AND ENLISTMENT.
An act (S. No. 46) to prevent desertion and
to facilitate the enlistment of soldiers in the Army
of the United States; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs. ,
GUANO DISCOVERIES.
An act (S. No. 303) supplementary to the act
entitled "An act to authorize protection to be
given to citizens of the United States who may
discover deposits of guatfo," approved August
18,185G; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
ARTHUR EDWARDS AND ASSOCIATES.
An act (S. No. 29) for the relief of Arthur Ed-
wards and his associates; which was read a first
and second time.
Mr. COLFAX. I desire to state that this mat-
ter has been under consideration by the Post Of-
fice Committee, and that we have unanimously
reported a bill which is of precisely the same
tenor as that passed by the Senate. I ask that
this bill be placed upon the Private Calendar and
substituted for our House bill, which is exactly
the same.
It was so ordered.
SHELDON M'KNIGIIT.
An act (S. No. 30) for the relief of Sheldon
McKnight; which was read a first, and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
AARON II. PALMER.
A bill (S. No. Ill) for the relief of Aaron H.
Palmer; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee of Claims.
It. F. BLOCKER AND OTHERS#1
A bill (S. No. 114) for the relief of R. F.
Blocker,.E. J. Gurley, and G. F. Davis; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
A. F. SPENCER AND GURDON F. HUBBARD.
An act (S. No. 221) for the relief of A. F.
Spencer and Gurdon F. Hubbard; which waa
read a first and second time.
Mr. COLFAX. That case has already been
considered by the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads. I move that the bill be referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
ABIGAIL NASON'S HEIRS.
An act (S. No. 224) for the relief of the heirs
at law of the late Abigail Nason, sister and dev-
isee of John Lord, deceased; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
PROVIDENT ASSOCIATION OF CLERKS.
An act (S. No. 62) to amend the act to incor-
porate the Provident Association of Clerks in the
civil departments of the Government of the United
States in the District of Columbia; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee for the District of Columbia.
ALEXANDRIA AND HAMPSHIRE RAILROAD.
An act (S. No. 64) to authorize the extension
and use of a branch of the Alexandria, Loudoun,
and Hampshire railroad within the city of George-
town ; which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee for the District of Co-
lumbia.
PUBLIC SCHOOLS IN WASHINGTON.
An act (S. No. 200) directing the conveyance
of a lot of ground for the use of the public schools
in Washington city; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee for
the District of Columbia.
ODD FELLOWS OF WASHINGTON.
An act (S. No. 252) to incorporate the Grand
