554
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
It is true that he had not given the doctrine that
precise name and form; but the principle was in
existence, and had been proclaimed by the ablest
and the most clear-headed men of the party. I
will call your attention, sir, to a single passage
from a speech, to show the language in which this
doctrine was stated in Illinois before it received
the name of the "irrepressible conflict." The
Republican party assembled in State convention
in June, 1858, in Illinois, and unanimously adopted
Abraham Lincoln as their candidate for United
States Senator. Mr. Lincoln appeared before the
convention, accepted the nomination, and made a
specch—which had been previously written and
agreed to in caucus by most of the leaders of the
party. I will read a single extract from that
speech:
" In my opinion, it [the s!ave.ry agitation] will not ccase
until a crisis shall have been readied and passed. iA house
divided against itself cannot stand.' 1 believe this Govern-
ment cannot enduie peimanently, half slave and half fiee.
I do not expect the house to fall, but I do expect it will
cease to be divided. It will become all one thing or all the
other. Either the opponents of slavery will airest the fur-
ther spread of it, and place it where the public mind shall
rest in the belief that it is in the comsc ot ultimate extinc-
tion, or its advocates will push forward till it shall become
alike lawful in all the States—old as well a? new, North as
well as South."
Sir, the moment I landed upon the soil of Illi-
nois, at a vast gathering of many thousands of
my constituents to welcome me home, I read that
passage, and took direct issue with the doctrine
contained in it as being revolutionary and trea-
sonable, and inconsistent with the perpetuity of
this Republic. That is not merely the individual
opinion of Mr. Lincoln; nor is Jt the individual
opinion merely of the Senator from New York,
who four months afterwards asserted the same
doctrine in different language; but, so far as I
know, it is the general opinion of the members
of the Abolition or Republican party. They tell
the people of the North that unless they rally as
one man under a sectional banner, and make war
upon the South with a view to the ultimate ex-
tinction of slavery, slavery will overrun the whole
North and fasten itself upon all the free States
They then tell the South, unless you rally as one
man, binding the whole southern people into a sec-
tional party, and establish slavery ail over the free
States, the inevitable consequence will be that we
shall abolish it in the shareholding States. The
same doctrine is held by the Senator from New
York in his Rochester speech. Hctellsusthatthe
States must «ll become free, or all become slave;
that the South, in other words, must conquer and
subdue the North, or the North must triumph
over the South and drive slavery from within its
limits.
Mr. President, in order to show that I have not
misinterpreted the position of the Senator from
New York, in notifying the South that, if (hey
wish to maintain slavery within their limits, they
must also fasten it upon (he northern States, I will
read an extinct from his Rochester .-speech:
It is an irrepressible conflict between opposing and en-
during forces; and it means that the United Stales mu«t
and will, sooner or later, become either entirely a slavo-
holdmg nation or entiiely a free-labor nation. Either the
cotton and rice fields of South Caiohna, and the .sugar
plantations of Louisiana, will ultimately be tilled by tiee
labor, and Charleston and New Orleans become marts for
Jcgitimnte merchandise alone, or ehe the rje fields and
wheat liekU of Ma^aclmsotts and New Yoik must again
>e surrendered by their farmers to slave cultuie and to the
production of slave?, and lioston and NewYoik become
mcc more markets for trade m the bodies and souN of
nen."
Thus, sir, you perceive that the theory of the
Republican party is, that there is a conflict between
two different systems of institutions in the re-
spective classes of States—not a conflict in the same
State, but an irrepressible conflict between the free
States and the slave States; and they argue that
these two systems of States cannot permanently
pxist in the same Union; that the sectional warfare
must continue to rage and increase with increasing
fury until the free States shall surrender, or the
rffavc States shall be subdued. Hence, while they
sopeal to the passions of our own section, their
object is to alarm the people of the other section,
and drive them to madness, with the hope that
they will invade our rights as an excuse for some
of our people to carry on aggressions upon their
rights. I appeal to the candor of Senators whether
?hisis not a fair exposition of the tendency of the
Juctrines proclaimed by the Republican party.
The creed of that party is founded upon the theory
that, because slavery is not desirable in our States,
it is not desirable anywhere; because free labor is
a good thing with us, it must be the best thing
everywhere. In other words, the creed of their
party rests upon the theory that there must be
uniformity in the domestic institutions and internal
polity of the several States of this Union. There,
in my opinion, is the fundamental error upon
which their whole system rests. In the Illinois
canvass I asserted, and now repeat, that uniform-
ity in the domestic institutions of the different
States is neither possible nor desirable. That is
the very issue upon which I conducted the canvass
at home, and it is the question which I desire to
present to the Senate. I repeat, that uniformity
m domestic institutions of the different States is
neither possible nor desirable.
Was such the doctrine of the framers of the
Constitution? I wish the country to bear in mind
that when the Constitution was adopted the Union
consisted of thirteen States, twelve of which were
slaveholdmg States, and one a free State. Sup-
pose this doctrine of uniformity on the slavery
question had prevailed in the Federal convention,
do the gentlemen on that side of the House think
that freedom would have triumphed oyer slavery?
Do they imagine that the one free State would
have outvoted the twelve slavcholding States, and
thus have abolished slavery throughput the land
by a constitutional provision? On the contrary,
if the test had then been made, if this doctrine of
uniformity on the slavery question had then been
proclaimed and believed in, with the twelve slave-
holding States against one free State, would it not
have resulted in a constitutional provision fasten-
ing slavery irrevocably upon every inch of Amer-
ican soil, North as well as South5 Was it quite
fair in those days for the friends of free institu-
tions to claim that the Federal Government must
not touch the question, but must leave the people
of each State to do as they pleased, until under
the operation of that principle they secured the
majority, and then wield that majority to abolish
slavery in the other States of the Union ?
Sir, if uniformity in respect to domestic insti-
tutions had been deemed desirable when the Con-
stitution was adopted, there was another mode by
winch it could have been obtained. The natural
mode of obtaining uniformity was to have blotted
out the State governments, to have abolished the
State Legislatures, to have conferred upon Con-
gress legislative power over the municipal and
domestic concerns of the people of all the States,
as well as upon Federal questions affecting the
whole Union; and if this doctrine of uniformity
had been entertained and favored by the framers
of the Constitution, such would have been the re-
sult. But, sir, the framers of that instrument
knew at that day, as well as we now know, that
in a country as broad as this, with so great a va-
riety of climate, of soil, and of production, there
must necessarily be a corresponding diversity of
institutions and domestic regulations, adapted to
the wants and necessities of each locality. The
framers of the Constitution knew that the laws
and institutions which were well adapted to the
mountains and valleys of New England were ill
suited to the rice plantations and the cotton fields
of the Carolmas. They knew that our liberties
depended upon reserving the right to the people
of each State to make their own laws and estab-
lish their own institutions, and control them at
ph asure, without interference from the Federal
Government, or from any other StateorTcrntory,
or any foreign countrv. The Constitution, there-
I fore, was based, and the Union was founded, on
1 the principle of dissimilarity m the domestic in-
j stitutions and internal polity of the several States.
! The Union was founded on the theory that each
| State had peculiar interests, requiring peculiar le-
i gislation, and peculiar institutions, different and
distinct from every other State. The Union lests
on the theory that no two States would be pre-
cisely alike m their domestic policy and institu-
tions.
Hence, I assert that this doctrinc of uniformity
| in the domestic institutions of the different States
| is repugnant to the Constitution, subversive of
j the principles upon which the Union was based,
revolutionary in its character, and leading directly
to despotism if it is ever established. Uniformity
in local and domestic affairs in a country of great
! extent is despotism always. Show me centralism
■ prescribing uniformity from the capital to all of
its provinces in their local and domestic concerns,
and I will show you a despotism as odious and
as insufferable as that of Austria or of Naples.
Dissimilarity is the principle upon which the
Union rests. It is founded upon the idea that
each State must necessarily require different reg-
ulations; that no two States have precisely the
same interests, and hcncc do not need precisely
the same laws; and you cannot account for this
confederation of States upon any other principle.
Then, sir, what becomes of this doctrine that
slavery must be established in all the States or
prohibited in all the States? If we only conform
to the principles upon which the Federal Union
was formed, there can be no conflict. It is only
necessary to recognize the right of the people of
every State to have just such institutions as they
please, without consulting your wishes, your
views, or your prejudices, and there can bo no
conflict.
And, sir, inasmuch as the Constitution of the
United States confers upon Congress the power
coupled with the duty of protecting each State
against external aggression, and inasmuch as that
includes the power of suppressing and punishing
conspiracies m one State against the institutions,
property, people, or government of every other
State, I desire to carry out that power vigorously.
Sir, give vis such a law as the Constitution con-
templates and authorizes, and I will show the
Senator from New York that there is a constitu-
tional mode of repressing the t% irrepressible con-
flict." I will open the prison doors to allow con-
spirators against the peace of the Republic ana
the domestic tranquillity of our States to select
their cells wherein to drag out a miserable life as
a punishment for their crimes against the peace of
society.
Can any man say to us that although this out-
rage has been perpetrated at Harper's Ferry, there
is no danger of its recurrence? Sir, is not the
Republican party still embodied, organized, con-
fident of success, and defiant in its pretensions?
Does it not now hold and proclaim the same
creed that it did before this invasion> It is true
that most of its representatives here disavow the
acts of John Brown at Harper's Ferry. I am
glad that they do so; I am rejoiced that they have
gone thus far; but 1 must be permitted to say to
them that it is not sufficient that they disavow
the act, unless they also repudiate and. denounce
the doctrines and teachings which produced the
act. Those doctrines remain the same; those
teachings arc being poured into the minds of men
throughout the country by means of speeches and
pamphlets and books and through partisan
presses. The causes that produced the Harper's
Ferry invasion are now m active operation. Is it
true that the people of all the border States are
required by the Constitution to have their hands
tied, without the power of self-defense, and re-
main patient under a threatened invasion in the
day or in the night? Can you expect people to
bo patient, when they dare not lie down to sleep
at night without first stationing sentinels around
their houses to see if a band of marauders and
murderers arc not approaching with torch and
pistol? Sir, it requires more patience than free-
men ever should cultivate, to submit to constant
annoyance, irritation, and apprehension. If we
expect to preserve this Union, wc must remedy,
within the Union and in obedience to the Consti-
tution, evert" evil for which disunion would fur-
nish a remedy. If the Federal Government fails
to act, either from choice or from an apprehension
of the want of power, it cannot be expected that
the States will be content to remain unprotected.
Then, sir, I sec no hope of peace, of fraternity,
of good feeling, between the different portions of
the United States, except by bringing to bear the
power of the Federal Government to the extent
I authorized by the Constitution—to protect the
people of all the States against any external vio-
lence or aggression. I repeat, that if the theory
of the Constitution shall be carried out by con-
ceding the right of the people of every State to
have just such institutions as they choose, there
cannot be a conflict, much less an " irrepressible
conflict," between the free and the slaveholding
States.
Mr. President, the mode of preserving peace is
plain. This system of sectional warfare must
cease. The Constitution has given the power,
and all we ask of Congress is to give the means,
