1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
U15
Lod^e of the Independent Order of Odd Fellows of
the District of Columbia; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
for the Districtaof Columbia.
PRIVATE LAND CLAIMS.
An act (S. No. 104) for the final adjustment of
private land claims in the States of Florida, Louis-
iana, Arkansas, and Missouri, and forolherpur-
poscs; which was read a first and second time,
and referred, to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
LOCATION OF BOUNTY LAND WARRANTS.
An act (S. iSo. 199) to authorize the location of
certain warrants for bounty land heretofore issued;
which was lead a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
UNITED STATES AND PARAGUAY CONVENTION.
An act (S. No. 340) to carry into effect the con-
vention between the United States and the Repub-
lic of Paraguay; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs.
APPEALS AND WRITS OF ERROR.
An act (S. No. 4) concerning appeals and writs
of error; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
VACANCIES IN CERTAIN OFFICES.
An act (S. No. 5) to supply vacancies in cer-
tain offices; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
SAMUEL J. HENSLEY.
An act (S. No. 249) for the relief of Samuel J.
Honslcy; which was read alirst and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
CONTRACTS ON CAPITOL EXTENSION.
Mr. MILLWARD. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to offer the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, Tli.it Senate Document No. 2D. ami Executive
Document No 29, be referred to the Committee on Expend-
itures in the War Depaitmcnt, who shall inquire into the
subject therein treated of, the action of the War Depait-
mcnt, and of the officer in chaige, in regard tothecontract.
for the marble columns of the Capitol extension; and wheth-
er the late action of the War Department has been legal
and right, oi in violation of the legal rights of the contract-
ors, Messrs. Rice, Baird & Heebncr; with power to send
for persons and papers, and leave to report at any time.
Mr. BRANCH. I must object to the resolu-
tion, unless that latter clause be stricken out.
Mr. MILLWARD. I will strike that out.
Mr. BRANCH. Then I will not objcct to the
resolution.
The resolution was agreed to.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. "WALTON, from the Committee of Claims,
made an adverse report on the memorial of Adol-
pims Glavick; which was laid upon the table, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. TAPPAN, from the same committee, made
an adverse report on the petition of Susannah A.
Sawyer, heir of Archibald Montgomery; which
was laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOARD, from the same committee, made
an adverse rcporton the petition of William Hicks;
which was laid upon the table, and ordered to be
printed.
SAMUEL II. TAYLOR.
Mr. TAPPAN, from the same committee, re-
ported back, with a recommendation that it do
pass, a bill (S. No. 100) for the relief of Samuel
H. Taylor; which was referred to a Committee
of the Whole House, and, with the accompany-
ing report, ordered to be printed.
COLE & BARE.
Mr. MAYNARD, from the same committee,
n-ported a bill for the relief of Messrs. Cole &
Kan ; wh ich was read a first and sccond time, re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House, and,
with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
MILES DEVINE.
Mr. MAYNARD, from the same committee,
reported back Senate bill No. 99 for the relief
of Miles Devinc, with a recommendation that it
do not puss; which wa#,*.laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
THERESA DARDENNE.
Mr. THAYER, from the Commitee on Public
Lands, reported back Senate bill No. 31 for the
relief of Theresa Dardenne, widow of Abraham
Dardenne, deceased, and their children; which
was read a first and second time, referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and, with the
accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
SAULT STE. MARIE.
Mr. THAYER also, from the same committee,
reported a bill in relation to the mission claims at
Sault Ste. Marie, Michigan; which was read a
first and second time, referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and, with the accompanying
report, ordered to be printed.
"WILLIAM Y. STRONG.
Mr. TRIMBLE, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of William Y. Strong;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and, with
tho accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
JOSEPH D. GREEN.
Mr. ALLEY, from the Committee on the Post
Ofiice and Post Roads, made an adverse report on
the petition of Joseph D. Green;, which was laid
on the table, and ordered to be printed.
WILLIAM MORSE.
Mr. LEE, from the same committee, made an
adverse report on the petition of William Morse;
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
MISSISSIPPI AND MISSOURI RAILROAD.
Mr. LEE, from the same committee, made an
adverse report on the petition of the Mississippi
and Missouri Railroad Company; which was laid
on the table, and ordered to be printed.
"WILLIAM M'CORMICK.
Mr. LEE, from the same committee, made an
adverse report in the case of the memorial of Wil-
liam McCormick; which was laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
THOMAS F. BOAVLER.
Mr. ADAMS, of Kentucky, from the same
committee, reported a bill for the relief of Thomas
F. Bowler, of New Mexico; which was read a
first nnd second time, referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and, with the accompanying
report, ordered to be printed.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. THEAKER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled a joint resolu-
tion constituting Macon, in the State of Georgia,
a port of entry for the time being, for the purposes
therein specified, and for other purposes; when
the Speaker signed the same.
JOHN MONTY.
Mr BRIGGS, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, reported a bill for the relief of John
Monty; which was read a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
JAMES BELL.
Mr. YANCE, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of James Bell, late of Chambly, in the prov-
ince of Lower Canada, deceased; which was read
a first and sccond time, referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and, with the accompanying
report, ordered to be printed.
FRANCIS WARE.
Mr. FERRY, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of Lieutenant Francis Ware: which was
read a first and sccond time, referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and, with the ac-
companying report, ordered to be printed.
JOHN WINSLOW.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the same committee,
made an adverse report in the case of John Wins-
low; which was laid on the table, and ordered to
be printed.
JOHN A. J5. D'AUTRIEYE.
Mr. NOELL, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief of the
heirs and legal representatives of John A. B.
D'Autrieve, deceased; which was read a first and
second time, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the accompanying report, or-
dered to be printed.
LAND TITLE IN LOUISIANA.
Mr. BLAIR, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims,made an adverse report on the me-
morial of the citizens of New Orleans, for confirm-
ation of title to two hundred and twentyrseven
thousand eight hundred and fifty-three acres of
land in the State of Louisiana; which was laid on
the table, and ordered to be printed.
THOMAS MADDEN'S HEIRS.
Mr. KENYON, from the same committee, re-
ported back Senate bill No. 49, granting the right
of preemption to a certain tract of land in the
State of Missouri to the heirs and legal represent-
atives of Thomas Madden, deceased; which was
referred to a Committee of the Whole House, and
ordered to be printed.
JACOB HALL.
Mr. EDWARDS, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Jacob
Hall; which was read a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
WILLIAM FISHER.
Mr. EDWARDS also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back Senate joint resolution No. 8
relating to the claim of William Fisher, late of
Florida, deceased; which was referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and, with the ac-
companying report, ordered to be printed.
AMERICAN BOARD OF FOREIGN MISSIONS.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. X am directed by the
Committee on Indian Affairs to report back Sen-
ate bill No. 71, for the relief of the American
Board of Commissioners for Foreign Missions.
I ask the unanimous consent of the House that
it be put upon its passage. It is granting power
merely to this board of commissioners to expend
money for educational purposes. I hope there
will be no objection.
There was no objection.
The bill was read. It directs that the American
Board of Commissioners for Foreign Missions be
released from the obligation imposed upon it by
the fourth article of the treaty made between the
United States and the nation of the Cherokee In-
dians, at New Echota, on the 29th day of Decem-
ber, 1835, which provides that the money allowed
for the appraised value of the Union and Har-
mony mission reservations, should be expended
in schools among the Osages and improving their
condition; provided, that the said board shall ex-
pend the same money for the same purposes,
among other tribes not provided with schools,
which may sfem proper in the judgment of the
American Board of Commissioners for Foreign
Missions.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I demand the previous
question on the third reading of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof, the bill received its several readings, and
was passed.
Mr. ETHERIDGE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ALMON W. BABBITT.
Mr. ALDRICH, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of the
administrators of the estate of the late Almon W.
Babbitt, secretary of Utah; which was read u
first and second time, referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and, with the accompanying
report, ordered to be printed.
SAMUEL W. PUCKETT.
Mr. BINGHAM, from the Committee'on the
Judiciary, made an adverse report on the petition
of Samuel W. Puckett; which was laid upon the
table, and ordered to be printed.
JOIIN RANDOLPH.
Mr. BUFFIJNTON, from the Committee on
