1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
§m
and we, by indictments and convictions in the
Federal courts of our several States, will make
such examples of the leaders of these conspiracies
as will strike terror into the hearts of the others,
and there will be an end of this crusade. Sir, you
must check it by crushing out the conspiracy, the
combination, and then there can be safety. Then
we shall be able to restore that spirit of fraternity
which inspired our revolutionary fathers upon
every battle-field; which presided over the delib-
erations of the convention that framed the Con-
stitution and filled the hearts of the people who
ratified it. Then we shall be able to demonstrate
to you that there is no evil unredressed in the
Union for which disunion would furnish aremedy.
Then, sir, let us execute the Constitution in the
spirit in which it was made. Let Congress pass
all the laws necessary and proper to give full and
complete effect to every guarantee of the'Consti-
tution. Let them authorize the punishment of
conspiracies and combinations in any State or
Territory against the property, institutions, peo-
ple, or government of any other State or Territory,
and there will be no excuse, no desire, for dis-
union. Then,sir,Ictus leave the peopleof every
State perfectly free to form and regulate their do-
mestic institutions in their own way. Let each
of them retain slavery just as long as it pleases,
and abolish it when it chooses. Let us act upon
that good old golden principle which teaches all
men to mind their own business and let their neigh-
bors' alone. Let this be done, and this Union can
endure forever as our fathers made it, composed
of free and slave States, just as the people of each
State may determine for themselves.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I did not anticipate, Mr.
President, that the honorable Senator from Illi-
nois, [Mr.Douglas,] mhisaddress to-day,would
say anything that would call upon me, or any
member of the Senate on our side of the House,
'O say a word in reply; but, sir, he has followed
.- v.'-'li a line of remark, not unfamiliar to those who
are in the habit of listening to speeches in this body,
that, comingfrom him at this particular time, I feel
impelled to say a few words, in relation particu-
larly to what he has said of the Republican party.
Mr. President, I was somewhat at a loss to
imagine what necessity there was for the resolu-
tion upon your table, offered by the honorable
Senator, upon which he has spoken. We all know
that, at an early period of this session, the honor-
able Senator from Virginia [Mr. Mason] offered
a resolution of inquiry into the causes and partic-
ulars of the Harper's Ferry affair; and that ho not
only offered, that resolution of inquiry, but went
further, and proposed that an inquiry should be
made as to the remedy, and what laws ought to
be passed and could be passed in order to pro-
tect the States of this Union, if necessary, against
each other. A very able committee was appointed1
to investigate that subject. That committee has
had, and still has,thematterunderconsideration.
The honorable Senator from Illinois, not content
with that, distrusting, it would seem, the ability
and the power of that committee to make ail the
examination necessary, lays a resolution upon
your table, and appoints a time at which he will
speak upon it, in which he assumes to instruct
that committee as to their duty, and to point out
tile particular mode that they arc to adopt in order
to accomplish the purpose.
Sir, was that the object, or had the honorable
Senator an object beyond simply speaking on a
question not attended, in my judgment, with any
very great constitutional or legal difficulty? Had
he something beyond that, to avail himself of an
opportunity to make what certainly I have a right
to denominate a political speech, intending to
alfect the parties of the country with reference to J
political objects, rather than to accomplish the !
particular purpose apparent upon the face of the
resolution itself? !
Well, sir, following out the apparent purport ,
of his resolution, he has made an aigument, an i
•i.M'urnent which is sufficiently clear, one that. I 1
think I have seen substantially in some of the '
newspapers before, with reference to the consti-
tutional power of Congress on this subject. I take !
•tthere is no very great difference of opinion upon 1
that matter. I think the Senator will permit me to i
say that, upon that point,he has advanced nothing
very new; and I am yet to know that there is any ;
member of the Senate, or any member of this
'Jongress, who is not as desirous as he is that
all attempts to incite insurrection in neighbor-
ing States, or to make attacks upon neighboring
States, come from what quarter they may, ought
to bo suppressed, and that all the power of this
Government ought to bo used to suppress them.
I do not know that there has been a design any-
where, except in the minds of some few individ-
uals in the country, who are well known not to
belong to any party, that is at all opposed to the
course which has been pointed out by him, and
which had been previously suggested by the hon-
orable Senator from Virginia.
I have not examined the constitutional question
myself. I have my own general impressions with
regard to it. I have trusted it to the able commit-
tee who have had it in charge; and I supposed
that at the proper time we should hear from them
a scheme within constitutional limits, calculated,
designed, able, to clfect the good object which the
Senator seems to have so much at heart, and which
we all have at heart. And, sir, I will say this:
that so far as he has spoken on that particular
portion of the inquiry, with regard to the question
of constitutional power, as at present advised, I
am disposed to agree with his views. I certainly
am disposed to agree with him as to the impor-
tance, if need be, in view of the recent events which
have transpired, and excited so much feeling
throughout the country, that the power of this
Government should be exerted now, in order to
teach the peopleof all this country that they have
no right in any State to form schemes of any de-
scription to disturb the peace of their neighbors.
I hold with him, and, I presume, with all mem-
bers of the Senate—I know I do with all the mem-
bers of my own party—that if this power can be
found—and I believe it exists—it should be ex-
erted for that end. I am ready to go as far as any
man reasonably could go in order to accomplish
the purpose.
But, sir, leaving that—for it is not to that par-
I ticular part of the gentleman's speech that I wished
to address a few words to the Senate in reply—I
come to the next point which he makes, and that
is, that for that event the Republican party of this
country is responsible. That is substantially his
charge. He says that it is due to the teachings of
the Republican party. Sir, we have heard that
before. We heard that m the Senate during the
first part of this session. It was iterated and re-
iterated here then. We have heard it m the other
branch of Congress, and we have heard it in the
partisan newspapers of the country. The Senator,
I take it, had no other design in view in giving it
to us again this morning, than to satisfy the coun-
try that he held to the same belief with regard to
the Republican party. Why, sir, we should have
taken that for granted without his declaration. It
has got to be a party dogma on the other side of
this Chamber, and in the Democratic party. It is
a part of the creed. It is a portion of the plan of
the campaign. It has reference to the fall elec-
tions. The object is to fix upon the country the
idea that the Republican party is responsible for
the raid of John Brown; and responsible in con-
sequence of the teaching of members of that party.
I am not disposed to admit that to be so. I was
disposed to listen to it patiently when it was iter-
ated and reiterated by gentlemen who came from
the southern section of the country, from the slave
States, if they chose to pour it into our ears more
than once, and to take our own time for discussing
that matter. I did not consider it a matter of
argument. I considered it a matter of doctrine;
that it had got to be seriously, intentionally, a part
of the Democratic faith; and therefore, as I do not
dispute about creeds, I was willing that articles of
faith should bo made up on the other side pre-
cisely as gentlemen chose to make them. I had
no fear that the Republicans in the free States
would be convinced that such was the fact, be- 1
cause they know it not to be true; but if gentlemen
chose to adopt it as their doctrine, they were wel- :
come to do so, and we must make the best of it. !
It is like certain other doctrines that are assumed (
for party purposes; and will have its effect, un-
doubtedly, to a certain extent. But the Senator j
will allow me to say—and here I do not attempt i
to advance an original idea, because we have heard !
it before, here and elsewhere—that, in our belief, i
the true solution of the difficulty is to be looked ;
for in another direction. We believe, in fact we I
know, that previous to the session of Congress
of 1854, this country was quiet upon the slavery
question. It had been quieted, not only by the
platforms of the parties of the day, as developed
at their conventions; but it had been quieted, in
point of fact, from the disposition all men enter-
tained to ascertain whether it was possible that
this warfare could be put an end to for awhile.
It was thought that the limits of the free and slave
power were well defined, or at least sufficiently
defined. When the two great leading political par-
ties had deliberately determined that there should
bo no more trouble on the subject, and the people
were tired of the contest, it was reasonable to sup-
pose that the agitation would cease.
But, sir, it began again in the winter of 1854;
the fire broke out anew; the Pandora's box of
political evils, as it has been called, 'tvas opened;
this country was thrown into a flame upon this
eternal slavery question; and who applied the
torch? Then began excitement again; then be-
gan trouble in all sections of the country. And
how was it continued? Continued by the course
of things in the Territory of Kansas; by the ag-
gressions of the slave power, if I may be permit-
ted to call it so; by the attempt to force slavery
upon a free Territory: by the interference of this
Government; and by the defense which was made
for all those aggressions, all these outrages, by
nearly all the Democratic party, and certainly by
all the southern section of it; and on this floor by
no man with more zeal, more ability, or more
power, than the honorable Senator from Illinois
himself.
Sir, I take it that a lesson was taught then with
regard to aggressions upon the rights of others. „
I take it that when people were encouraged to go
into the Territory of Kansas armed, to drive out
others who were unarmed, and who were attempt-
ing to settle there as peaceable citizens and exer-
cise their rights; and when murder and rapine,
and every crime which can disgrace humanity,
; were heaped upon that soil,and perpetrated upon
; freemen; and when these things were apologized
| for and defended in the Senate of the United
j States, a lesson was taught then from which many
John Browns might learn something; and I ex-
press my surprise that many more John Browns
have not profited, if I may so call it, or, at least,
practiced on the lessons they there learned.
Senators tell us Republicans that we arc the
authors of this evil; that it is owing to our teach-
ings that John Brown made his foray into a neigh-
boring State. Sir, neither the Senator from Illi-
nois nor any other Senator can find anything in
the principles and teachings of the Republican
party to authorize any such accusation as that.
They can find nothing in the practice of the Re-
publican party to authorize an accusation like
that. It is not enough to convince the country—
at any rate, it is not enough to convince the peo-
ple of my section of the country—that the Repub-
licans are responsible for all these things, what-
ever they may be, when they see and know that
there is nothing in the Republican creed, that
there is nothing in the Republican practice, that
there is nothing in doctrine or doing by them, to
justify or excuse it in any shape or form. Much
less, sir, can that conviction be brought home to
them when they turn to 1854,1855, and 185G,and
watch the course of things then cxisiting in a Ter-
ritory of the United States, and hear the apologies
for all these crimes that were made here and else-
where—crimes, as I consider them. We are not
to be told that, because we take certain ground in
reference to the extension of slaveiy, therefore
we are responsible for all that has transpired, or
may transpire, having no necessary or natural
connection with our object.
Why, sir, this idea of appealing to us to stop
agitation, appealing to the people of the free
States, the Republican party, not to agitate, not to
aggress, not to press on their neighbors, not to
preach disagreeable doctrines, comes, in my judg-
ment, with a very ill grace from gentlemen who
have, as I read their declarations and their acts,
been counseling aggression from the beginning;
for I win tell the honorable Senator frankly that
when he advocated the repeal of the Missouri re-
striction, and laid this question open again to all
the difficulties that have, followed, he counseled
aggression: and why ? Simply because I have ever
believed, as I believe now—I take the declaration
made, substantially, by an honorable Senator from
South Carolina—that the object of that repeal of
the Missouri restriction was to extend sla\ erv over
