I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
133
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
The President's Message-—Mr. Burnham.
Ho. of Reps.
ft Mr. BURNHAM. From more than one clause;
but 1 do not propose to argue that question at
present-, I prefer to proceed with my own course
of argument.
Mr. Chairman, when this Government was en-
gaged in a war with Mexico, it was charged upon
the Democratic party, which then contiolled the
Government, by their opponents, that the origin-
ating and continuing of the war was but a scheme
ofthe slaveinterest to acquire new territory south-
erly for the purpose of making it slave territory,
to which the whole North was much opposed.
And to protect themselves against this attack, the
northern Democracy were obliged to avow their
fixed determination to have immediately applied
to such territory as might be acquired, the sub-
stance of the ordinance of 1787, excluding slavery
therefrom. And in pursuance of this avowed
policy, in the House of Representative?, on the
8th of August, 184G, a bill being under consider-
ation appropriating $2,000,000 to be placed in the
hands of the President for the purpose of nego-
tiating a peace with Mexico, Hon. David Wil-
mot, then a Democratic Representative from the
State of Pennsylvania, offered to that bill an
amendment, providing, as a fundamental condi-
tion of any territory being acquired from Mex-
ico, and to the use of anv money therein appro-
priated, "that neither slavery nor involuntary
servitude shall ever exist in any part of said
territory, except for crime whereof the party shall
first be duly convicted." On the adoption of that
amendment, the vote by tellers was—ayes 83, noes
64. The whole House at that time consisted, I
believe, of two hundred and twelve members, and
only one hundred and forty-seven voted; so that
it will be perceived there was not a full House
present on that occasion. Nearly or quite all
from the free States, both Whigs and Demociats,
must have voted for it. In the Senate, at that ses-
sion, it was lost for want of time; the hour having
arrived at which theSenate was to adjourn without
day. At the nextscssion ofCongress, this subject
was renewed, upon a bill appropriating §3,000,000
for the purpose ofnegotiatmga treaty of peace with
Mexico. To that bill Mr. Hamlin, then a Dem-
ocratic member from Maine, moved the same
amendment in substance, as follows:
c- Providedfaithcr, That there shall be neither slavery nor
involuntary bCivitudo in any territory upon the continent
of America winch shall hereafter be acquired by or annexed
to the United States byvntue of this appiopriahon, or in
any other manner whatever, except for erimo whereof the
party shall have first been duly convicted," &c.
Mr. Douglas, then a Democratic member from
Illinois, moved to amend that amendment by in-
serting m its stead a proviso excluding slavery
from all the Territories north of the line of 36°
30', known as the Missouri compromise line;
. which was lost by a vote of ayes 82, noes 109.
Mr. Graham, of North Carolina, then moved to
amend by excluding slavery north of the line of
36° 30', extending that line at the same time to the
Pacific, and allowing slavery south of that line, if
the people m framing a State constitution should
authorize it. That was rejected by tellers—ayes
81, noes 104. And, sir, finally, the Wilmot pro-
viso, excluding slavery from ail the Territories,
was adopted on the yeas and nays, by a vote of
yeas 115, nays 106. The South, with the excep-
tion of Mr. Houston, of Delaware, voted against
' it, and both Whigs and Americans from the free
States all voted for it; and only sixteen Democrats,
out of some seventy fiom the free States, voted
against it. Among the distinguished members
from the free States who voted for it were J. Q..
Adams, Ashmun, and R. C. Wmthrop, of Mas-
sachusetts; Hamlin, of Maine; and J. A. Rock-
well, a former distinguished Representative from
the district which I have now the honor to repre-
sent.
In the Senate this amendment was lost, most
of the Democratic Senators from the North, I be-
lieve, voting for it; and those even who voted
against it, so far as their sentiments are recorded,
did not put their votes upon the ground that Con-
gress had no power to exclude slavery, Mr,
Dickinson, to whom I have before alluded, now
a distinguished Democrat, and, I believe, a pro-
spective candidate before the Charleston conven-
tion, although he voted against the Wilmot pro-
viso, yet acknowledged the authority of Congress
to pass it, and the propriety of Congress doing it
at a proper time; placing his objection principally
upon the ground that he would not vote for it in an
appropriation bill furnishing money for the pur-
pose of procuring a peace. He would, he said,
willingly vote for it to be a part of any treaty or
of any resolution by which territory was pro-
posed to be ac.quircd. Mr. Cass, then a Demo-
cratic member of the Senate, from Michigan—
although he at that session voted against it,it being
generally understood that at the previous session
he had expressed his opinion in favor of it—put
his opposition, not upon the want of authority in
Congress to pass this proviso, but upon the ground
that it ought not to be incorporated into a bill ap-
propriating money for this purpose; neither, in
his opinion, ought it to have been incorporated
into any tieaty by which territories were to be
acquired; because, to state hw own argument, it
would put it within the power of one third of the
Senate to defeat the measure; whereas if it were
applied, or sought to be applied, when we came
to the organization of the Territories, it could be
adopted by a simple majority vote.
Mr. McClernanp, a Democratic member from
Illinois—the same, I understand, now a Repre-
sentative from that State upon this floor—in re-
gard to the constitutional power of Congress to
prohibit slavery in the Territories, in the House,
January, 1847, said:
<l As to the jui i.-diction of Congress over the question of
slaveiy, Mi. McCi.eiinand was clcar and confident in ins
views. He believed that Congress could not constitution-
ally in any way interfere will) the institution of slavery m
the slaveboldmg States, because the institution was local,
and subject alone and exclusively to tiio jurisdiction of the
States.'"' * * * u In iegnd to the Terhtones
of the United State?, the ea«e was ditUucnt. In regard to
tUeni the jurisdiction oi thi^ Government was &upiomc, and
ftom vety obvious punciplcs. The power to acquire ter-
ritory is an incident to cveiy Government, l! exists cx rt
termini. Evciy Government has claimed, and many of them
have exercised it. Thi« position predicated, whntfollows?
Of coui>e, the natural, necess-'juy, and resulting power to
govern the terntory acquned, which, being a coifipletc
power, of cour-e involve.-?the power to detetnune whether
slaveiy or any othei paiticulftr institution &hall exist m the
Ten ltoiy."
Mr. Chairman, so much for the opinion, then,
of a member of this House who joins in the gen-
eral clamor of sectionalism, as charged against the
Republican party, because they now insist upon
the same constitutional power and authority in
Congress to legislate upon the subject of slavery,
in regard to which ho was then so clear and con-
fident. Doubtless he has changed his views on
this question, as he has a right to; but I suggest
whether it is quite proper for him to be so ready
to join in denunciation of us, who have not seen
so clearly why we should change ours. If we
persist in entertaining the opinions upon this sub-
ject which he entertained no longer ago than 1847,
I think he ought to be careful somewhat how he
charges us with sectionalism, and as being ene-
mies of the Constitution on that account.
Mr. Dix, then a Democratic Senator from the
State of New York, and now a prominent mem-
ber of the Democratic party, in a speech in the
Senate, March, 1847, on the three-million bill,
having spoken in reply to charges then made
against the people of the North of aggression upon
southern rights, of the forbearance of the North
towards the South in having purchased all the
slave territory which was contiguous to the Terri-
tories of the United States, without murmur or
complaint, and agreeing to its admission into the
Union as slave States, goes on to say:
" The non-slaveholding States arc now asked to go fur-
ther; to purchase free territory, and leave it open to the
extension of slavery; to extend to tiee soil and to free com-
munities an evil which our southern friends have told us
was forced upon them against their wishes and consent. The
unanimity with which the Legislatuics of New York, Penn-
sylvania, Ohio, and other States, have acted in reference to
this proposition, is but an index to the universal opinion
which pervades the whole North and West. They never
can give their assent to it. It is regarded by all parties as
involving a principle which rises far above the fleeting in-
terests of the day—a principle which they should not be
asked to yield; lor, by yielding it, they would consider them-
selves instrumental to the extension of what they believe
to be wrong, and what, m their opinion, nothing but neces-
sity can justify."
Mr. Dix voted for the proviso.
Senator Dickinson, in the speech from which I
have already quoted, speaking of resolutions of
instruction from the Legislature of New York,
says:
« This resolution, then, instructs us that when any ter-
ritory shall be brought within our jurisdiction by the act
of Congress—whatever that act may be—to insert in 5ueh
an act a fundamental clause prohibiting slavery* (and so I
am ready to vote, instructed or uninstructed;) but notio in-
sert it into an appropiiatioji bill, designed to facilitate ne-
gotiations for a peace before the negotiation has even com-
menced."
Now, Mr. Chairman, I propose to read further,
from another volume of these debates, from .the
remarks of a statesman whose opinions, I am
sure, will be regarded .with veneration by some
gentlemen in this Hoose who have joined as
loudly as any in the clamor against the sectional-
ism, as they term it, of the Republican party. I
read from the opinions expressed by Henry Clay,
in the session of 1850, and I will  ead not only
what I designed upon this point, but also what
would be more applicable to another point, should
1 be so fortunate as to reach it before the expira-
tion of my hour.
What 1 read now is from the celebrated speech
of that statesman, made in the Senate of the Uni-
ted States in 1850, upon his series of resolutions
for the settlement of the then existing difficulties.
He has been speaking of having called on the
North, in one resolution, to give up their cher-
ished policy of the Wilmot proviso; and he says,
in connection with that:
" Well, when I called upon them [that is the North] in
that resolution to do-this, was I not bound to offer, for the  
suirender of that favorite measure of theirs, some compen-
sation—not an equivalent, by any means, but some com-
pensation—as that spirit of mutual forbearance which ani-
mates the one side ought, at the same time, to animate the
other side5 What H it that is offered them ? It is a declara-
tion of what X characterize, and must style, with great def-
erence to aii tho<-e who entertain tlie opposite opinion—I
will not pay incontestable, but to me clear, and I think they
ought to be regarded as—indisputable truths. And what are
they? The fiist is, that, by law, slavery no longer exists in
anv poition of the acquisition made by us from the Republic
of Mexico; and the other is, that, in our opinion, accord-
ing to all the probabilities of theca&e, slaveiy never will be
intioduced into any portion of the territories so acquired
from Mexico."
Here you see, Mr. Chairman, that he declares
it as his opinion, that when these territories had
been acquired from Mexico, slavery did not le-
gally exist there. So much for that. Then he
adds, in regard to another point:
<• Now, really I must say, that the idea that co instanfi,
upon the consummation of the tieaty, the Constitution of
the United States spread itself over the acquired country,
and carried along with it the institution of slavery, is so
irreconcilable with any comprehension or any reason which
I possess, that I hardly know how to meet it."
Here you hear him, Mr. Chairman, declaring,
in the first place, that on the acquisition of the ter-
ritory slavery did not legally exist, and declaring
further against the doctrine, which is the modern
doctrine of Democracy, that the moment territory
is acquired the Constitution extends itself over it
and carries slavery with it.
I wish to read further from the same speech,
where he was replying to the charge that the
North was aggressing on the South, and that such
aggressions must cease, or the South would take
their rights into their own hands and rend the
Union in twain. He said in regard to that, after
having spoken of there being no right in Congress
to legislate on the subject of slavery in the States,
and that if they should attempt that he would be
ready with them to take up the sword in defense
of their rights:
" But if, unhappily, we should be involved in war, ia
civil war, between the two parts oi this Confederacy, in
which the effort on the one side should be to restrain the
introduction of slavery into the new Territories, and upon
the other side to force its introduction there, what a spec-
taclc should we present to the astonishment of mankind,
in an effort not to propagate rights, but—I must say it,
though I trust it will be understood to be said with no de-
sign to excite feeling—a war to propagate wrongs in the
territories thus acquired from Mexico. It would be a war
in which we should have no sympathies, no good wishes;
in which all mankind would be against us; in which our
own history itself would be against us; for, from the com-
mencement of the Revolution down to the present time,
we have constantly reproached our British ancestors for
the introduction of slavery into this country."
Go, gentlemen, you who revere the memory
of Henry Clay, and take from him this rebuke,
when you proclaim here, in the face of the nation,
that in case this policy of the Republican party
 the exercise of the power of Congress to pro-
hibit slavery in the Territories—is carried out,
you will rend the Union asunder.
Then he says, as to the constitutional power:
"The power, then, Mr. President, in my opinion—and I
-extend it to the introduction as well as to the prohibition
