556
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
that Territory and to enlarge the area of slavery.
Sir, the predecessor of the honorable gentleman
who sits there [Mr. Chesnut] said so in his speech,
which was published. He proclaimed it to be the
object and the design of that repeal—after the fact,
to be sure. I believed it to be so then. I believe
it to be so now. I have never changed my opin-
ion on that subject.
Well, sir, how does the Senator attempt to
make out his case? It seems ccrtain gentlemen,
members of the Republican party, have pro-
claimed, at different times, that there was an an-
tagonism between freedom and slavery, between
free labor and slave labor. 1 wish the honorable
gentleman from the State of Illinois, who was the
competitor of the Senator, stood here where I do,
to answer the Senator, as he answered him else-
where, with reference to that extract from his
speech. I wish his ability was here. I do not
say that I wish he was here in the place of the
honorable Senator himself, or of his colleague;
although I might bo excused, as a party man, for
wishing even that. I simply wish to sny that I
am sorry he cannot stand hero to answer for him-
self with reference to that matter, and I will not
undertake to reply for him; but with regard to
that extract and that which was cited from the
speech of my friend from New York who sits
behind me, I have been surprised that gentlemen
of intelligence, of course, who know the mean-
ing of words, who understand what a man says
when they read it or hear it, should undertake to
affirm, as the honorable Senator from Illinois this
^morning has, that that doctrine is this: that slave
States and free States cannot exist together in this
Union, and there must necessarily be a contest
between them as States. Sir, in no speech ever
put forth by a Republican, m nothing that the
Senator has read from the speech of his compet-
itor in Illinois, in nothing that the Senator has
read even from the speech of the honorable Sena-
tor from New York, can be found any such idea.
I have heard this iteration and reiteration about
the u irrepressible conflict" time and again. if
my friend from New York was unfortunate in
anything in saying that, he was unfortunate m
being the author of a phrase; and 1 say here to-
day publicly, what 1 have said privately, that if
he had diffused that idea over half a page, instead
of compressing it into a single sentence, nothing
would over have come of it. Sir, in my judg-
ment, it is only by misrepresentation that any-
thing can be made out of it as it stands.
If the Senator asks me " whether I think that
there is an irrepressible conflict between freedom
and slavery," 1 answer in the sense in which I
understand those gentlemen, that if you put free
labor and slave labor upon a soil together, they do
antagonize; the interests arc not the same; the char-
acter of the labor is not llic same, and they neces-
sarily antagonize. If the honorable Senator from
New York said anything more, I am not aware
of it; but J am not here to defend him; he can de-
fend himself; but where will you find the doctrine
anywhere, from any speaker, any memberof tine
Republican party, that free States and slave Suites
cannot live together in this Union, and live as
friends? Sir, if cither of those gentlemen meant
to say that, I dissent altogether. History has
proved it otherwise. For over half a century we
have lived as friends. Slave States and free States
have existed together. Slave States and free States
can exist together, and can be friends. But, as I
said before, if you ask me " is there a disagree-
ment between the charaeter of the two kinds of
labor? do they antagonize when they come to-
gether, and necessarily conflict with each other in
interest?" I answer yes; and you must answer in
the same way,
Mr. DAVlS. "Will the Senator permit me to
interrupt him? I did not quite understand the
phrase as he expressed it; and as I do not know
of any antagonism, I will ask him to explain
what lie means by the statement that these two
kinds of labor antagonize when they come to-
gether?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I mean,m a very few
words, simply this: that one is m its character
independent; tends to elevate the laborer;tcnds to
promote the comfort, the happiness, the wealth,
the manliness, of the laborer himself; the other
tends necessarily to degrade the laborer; to dimm-
ish his comfort; to diminish his independence, of
course, for he has none: to belittle his character.
That is, in brief, the distinction of the two. They
are necessarily opposed to each other. In other
words, where slave labor exists, its tendency is
to degrade free labor of the same description; not
only to degrade it, but to render "it of vastly less
value and importance. Does the Senator under-
stand me ?
Mr. DAVIS. I suppose I do; but if 1 under-
stand you, you are entirely mistaken as to the
fact.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well; I was giving
my opinion; I was stating what I thought; I do
not pretend but that I may be mistaken as to the
fact, because I claim no very great degree of cor-
rectness as to my judgments on these subjects,
but such is my opinion. Let it go for what it is
worth.
Now, sir, to come to another point; the Senator
from Illinois says that his answer to this doctrine
was, that there should always be a diversity of in-
terests, a diversity of domestic institutions. What
do T understand the Senator to mean ? Does he
mean that there should be no external force of the
General G overnmcntor ofany Government abroad
brought to bear upon the institutions of different
States and different climates, and compel a similar-
ity ? Is that what he means?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I mean that the power of the
Federal Government should not be used cither to
extend or repress, establish or abolish, any do-
mestic institution in any State; hut that each State
should be left entirely free to do just as it pleases,
without any interference by the Federal Govern-
ment, directly or indirectly, to control the decis-
ion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Well, sir, then he means
nothing more nor less than squatter sovereignty.
It is his favorite doctrine in another phase. We
have had half an hour of discussion, or less, on
this great answer to the idea of his adversary in
Illinois. " He advanced the notion of this irre-
pressible conflict,'5 says the Senator, "and I re-
plied with the idea of the absolute necessity of a
diversity of labor and diversity of domestic insti-
tutions, and I went on to explain it." He did
not say that ho replied with tne few words from
the Kansas bill, which have been so often quoted,
that each State should be left perfectly fiee to form
its own institutions. Now, sir, whoever pre-
tended that the Geneial Govei nment should imer-
feie with the States of tins Union to produce a
uniformity of domestic institutions > The Sena-
tor has a right to set up his men of straw and
knock tln-m down; he has a right to charge with
lance and rest upon any windmill he chooses to
find; but, I ask mm, has any party in this coun-
try ever contended that the General Government
had the right or the power to interfere with the
States of this Union in any way to bring about a
uniformity of domestic institutions?
The Senator saui, in so many words, thnthe
believed there ought to be a difference of domes-
tic institutions among the States; that the inter-
ests of the States required thai there should be a
difference of domestic institutions m the different
States. ] supposed he was laying that down as
a general principle. Is it so? Does the Senator
contend that slavery ought to exist, that negro
slavery ought to exist, ra order to produce the
requisite degree of prosperity in the country? or
that it should exist in some places, and not m
others? Was that his doctrine? I supposed it
to be, when he laid down the general principle;
otherwise he makes no answer. The allegation
is, " here is a difference; here are two systems of
labor opposed to each other in principles—op-
posed in result." Granted: what is lusanswer?
" It ought to be so." If he is right, the answer
is conclusive; but 1 now understand him not to
rest his argument upon the ground that it might
be so, or was necessarily so, in order to pioduce
the result of national prosperity, but to say that
the General Government had no right whatever
to interfere to produce that uniformity in the sev-
eral States of this Union.
Well, sir, then my reply is the same. I agree
with him it has no right to interfere; and 1 go
further, and say to-day, as I have said heretofore
in the speeches I have made in this body, that the
General Government has not only no right what-
ever to interfere directly, but that, in my system
of morals, what a man has no right to do'direcLly,
lie has no ri^ht to do indirectly; and, therefore,
we have no right to interfere in any way whatever
in relation to that matter. I agree with him there.
But the Senator will see, and the Senate will see,
and the country will see, that he is assuming, m
his charge upon the Republican party, that there
is a desire that the General Government should
interfere by force with this matter of slavery in
the States. Sir, there never has been such a de-
sire; there has been no doctrine advanced by the
Republican party in this Chamber, or in any cham-
ber, in its conventions, or in private, that could
lead to any such conclusion; and the allegation is
entirely unfounded m fact.
Sir, the Senator [ays it down as our doctrine,
in his attack on the Republican party, not only
that we desire to prevent the extension of slavery,
but that we intend to make war upon slavery for
its abolition everywhere—in the States of this
Union as well as elsewhere. Did I understand
him rightly? I deny the charge. The Senator
has said nothing to prove it. He can say nothing
to establish it. Grant, for the sake of the argu-
ment, that the gentleman from Illinois referred
to, grant that the honorable Senator from New
York, have, in speeches, said all that has been
imputed to them, and that what they have said
bears the construction the Senator puts on it: is
the party responsible for it? In what party plat-
form, in what resolution, where, authoritatively,
by any member of it, has any such doctrine been
advanced? I understand the object. Sir, we formed
our party, I grant, with the express intention to
prevent, if possible, the extension of slavery into
the free Territories of this Union—to prevent it
by congressional action if we could; if we could
not by congressional action, to prevent it by our
own force—not by armed force, but the force of
public opinion and private action. That I grant.
But, sir, where will you find, in the doctrines of
that party as a party—where will you find in the
action of that party, in anything that they have
proposedj anything to justify you in the assertion
that they have proclaimed war upon the institu-
tions of the States as they exist in the States, or
wish to interfere with them5
We deny the allegation, as we always have de-
nied it, that there is any right whatever m a citi-
zen ot a slave State to hold slaves in a Territory,
unless th'Te is a law already m existence to pro-
lot I, slaveiy in that Tcrritoiy; and our object has
been to prevent the existence of such a law. I
know that your party newspapers, I know that
your leading men, have seized upon that simple
ground which we have taken, and represented it
as exhibiting hostility to the institution wherever
it existed, wherever it was protected by law in
the States. 1 say now, here m my place, that that
allegation as made against the Republican party
is unfounded entirely. There never has been the
slightest movement in that diiection by .any mem-
bers of it. There never 1ms been the fdightost en-
couragement to such an idea from any portion of
it under any circumstances. Why, then, do you
reiterate it? When 1 say "you," I mean north-
ern Democrats. Why do your party news-
papers at the North continually charge this upon
the Republican party, when you can find no au-
thority any where for the assertion, and when it is
repudiated by that party everywhere?
You talk about excitingdiscord; you talk about
exciting animosity; you talk about inflaming the
mindrf of the people of the South. Why, sir, your
papers have systematically endeavored to inflame
the South against the Republicans of the North, to
convince, them that you were the only true friends
of southern institutions. If you say you are friends
to slavery, as it exists in this country, you tell the
truth. I am no friend to it. I say here, as I have
said everywhere, that I abhor slavery m every form
on the face of the earth; and it makes no difference
whether it is white or black slavery, so far as the
pnnciple is concerned. I abominate it. From the
bottom of my soul I loathe it. But when gentle-
men go further,and tell me " you must necessarily
hate the slaveholder, you must necessarily hate and
scorn all who are engaged, from their posit ion, from
the necessity of the case, in slaveholding," 1 tell
them they draw an inference which they have no
right to drawfromanythinglsayorfrom anything
I do. When northern Democrats tell the South
that the Republicans of the North are enemies
to southern men and southern institutions in that
sense; that they wish to interfere with them, wish
to overthrow tlieni, wish to meddle with what is
none of theirs, I say that the newspapers which
