136
APPENDIX TO THE CONG-RESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 23,
36th Cong....1st Sess.
Election of Speaker—Mr. Corwin.
Ho. ob Reps.
laws of the country ought to be obeyed. I assert
that our Republican leaders, generals, colonels,
majors, captains, corporals, and privates, all of
them are conservative; and, as a party, a law-
abiding party; and whosoever believes the con-
trary, labors under great ignorance of that party
and the men who compose it.
Mr. Clerk, I wish to look for one moment at.
some other historical facts founds in the historical
portion of the Bible, having a curious bearing, at
least, on this question of negro slavery. We are
told in that same Book that the people of the globe,
except eight, were destroyed in a deluge. Noah
and his family only were preserved. That old
patriarch seems to have been remarkable for noth-
ing, so far as I can find out, except for his strong
faith m the word of God, and his remarkable nau-
tical adventure. N.oah had three sons,from whom
have sprung all the people now upon the face of
this globe. "We arc told by sacred, and 1 think,
pretty fully, too, by profane historians, that Japhet
is the father of our race. We, then, arc all children
of that man. We have, it is true, to go far back
to get at it. He is our original propositus. Shcm
is the father of the migratory, wandering Asiatic
family. Ham, it is said, was the father of the ne-
groes. This, I think it will be found, is shown by
our accredited historical books. Some have won-
dered how it happened that Japhet, born of the
same mother, son of the same father, should be a
gentleman with features and complexion like you
and my self :Shem, a yellow fellow, with high cheek
bones; and Ham, a negro, with black face and
crisp, curled hair. This difficulty is surmounted
by one class of ethnologists by attributing the
difference to climatic influences, in which I think
there is great plausibility. Be this as it may, the
relationship is the same. Japhet, it is agreed,
had large acquisitiveness, and hence his superior-
ity; and it may be said with equal truth, that his
children are not deficient in this capital virtue, for
such it is held to bo in our times by us in this
model Republic. They also, it is said, have quick
;<nd powerful faculties for numerals; and regard
ill theory, as well as practice, the multiplication
tables as the acme of human knowledge. But
let us look at this family imbroglio. We are the
sons ofJaphet, and the negro is the son of Ilam;
we are the sons, respectively, of these two broth-
ers;an<j consequently we, the sons ofJaphet, are
cousins to Cullee, he being the son of our uncle
Ham. I have often thoughtif the negro, as seems
from this account of us to be probable, had really
that relationship to us, that we certainly had not
treated our cousin like a gentleman! [Renewed
laughter.]
So you see there are some curious reflections
belonging to the subject. But,.short-sighted mor-
tals as we arc, all wo can do now is to look at the
black man as lis is, and the white man as he is.
One of your statesmen of the South, whom I have
had the pleasure of knowing for a good many
years—I allude to Mr. Stephens, of Georgia—ill
a recent speech said that he was in favor of Mr.
Sr.wARn's higher law, not exactly in its applica-
tion, but lie said, that if it be not better for the
white man as well as the black man, that one
should bo master and the other the slave, they had
no business with slavery, and should surrender it.
I give the substance, but perhaps not the exact
words. All who have lead that gentleman's speech
to the people of Georgia will know that I quote
him fairly. That, I think, is the true philosophic
ground upon which to put it. If it be better that
the negro should stand in the relation of slave,
better for all concerned, then slavery is right. If
the converse be true, then slavery is wrong, and of
course, if it be possible, should be peaceably abol-
ished. Thus this vexed question is stated and
submitted to the world by a living, leading south-
ern statesman. Let calm reason and fair discus-
sion by those whom it concerns ascertain the truth.
The path of duty is then made plain to all.
I am not now and hero about to argue for either
side of the question thus generally propounded;
but one thing I will say: it is not a good thing for
white or black men to hold negroes as slaves in
the State of Ohio, because we have tried it. We
are sure it is better that the black slave should
not be where the white man has to work by the
side of him. It is better, we think, that the work
of our State should be done by its white men.
We have concluded, without any doubt, that
wherever the white man can live and work, there,
at least, no system of forced labor should exist.
It has been ordained that man shall "earn his
bread by thesweatof his brow." There are but
very few men living on the face of the earth, if
they live honestly, who are not compelled to do
something, by head or hand, or both, for their own
subsistence. For instance: in the whole fiftiftn
southern States there are only about four hun-
dred thousand who own slaves.
Mr. KEITT,(in his seat.) Heads of families.
Mr. CORWIN. I was speakmg of the heads
of families. That may involve an interest of two
million people. Let it be so. I am not particu-
lar about it. There are eight million white peo-
ple at the South, tire there not ? I wish there were
one hundred million, for I want the South to be
strong. A great majority of the southern people
must labor at something, as I doubt not they do.
They who own slaves are the exceptions to this
old rule. I am not about to make any invidious
or ungracious remarks on these two classes of
people. I am free to admit and happy to say , with
truth, that, Northand South, we are the most fa-
vored and the happiest people that ever lived in
the tide of time, and I think the history of the
worjd will prove it. But we will not allow our-
selves to think so; we are like Mr. Brown in the
farcc—wo will allow ourselves to be "excited 1"
As there is no hostile flag from an y part of the globe
to disturb the repose of our thirty millions of free
people, we, of course—such is the frailty and un-
satisfied nature of man—will find causcs for fear-
ful conflict at least among ourselves. And yet I
would, under no circumstances, vote to furnish
men and means to carry on war abroad merely
for the sake of avoiding internal strife. I prefer
what I am sure, if wc are not a doomed people,
is easy and practicable, to put our passions and
party animosities under recognizance to keep the
peace where we are.
Now, as to the reason, so often demanded on
the other side of the House, why the people of
North would prohibit slavery in the Territories
of the United States. I shall be prepared, I hope,
to discuss this subject without excitement fully,
whenever it properly comes before us, after this
House shall oiganizc. But I cannot forbear a
hasty view of the subject, even now. It is called
for by the great misapprehension of gentlemen on
the other side, and the denunciations founded on
that misapprehension, to which wo have, up to
this time, listened with a most exemplary pa-'
ticncc. The Republican party does claim, and
has always claimed', and the Democratic party
always claimed until aboutthe year 1852, through-
out all the North, that Congress had plenary and
unquestionable power, under the Constitution of
the United States, to prohibit negro slavery in
Territories; and that itis the duty of Congress to
exert that power whenever slavery did not exist
in any Territory where the white man could live
and work. My Democratic friend from Ohio
[Mr. Vallandioham] stated here a few days ago
that the Democratic party had been wrong upon
that subject—meaning that they had heretofore
conceded! this power and insisted on its excrcisc.
Now it is certain, to look at it historically, that,
in the progress of your Government, the first
founders of it did proceed upon that principle.
The ordinance of 1787 was made under the old
Confederation; it was made by very many of the
men who sat in the convention which formed the
present Constitution of the United States; and
Virginia, by all her delegates, voted for that ordi-
nance.
Mr. COLFAX. With the permission of the
gentleman from Ohio, I will say that I have looked
up the history of this entire matter; and, as the
gentleman says his memory is not very clear upon
the subject, I will quote it from my memory of
the official record. In 1784, the State of Virginia,
through commissioners appointed to make her
deed, ceded to the Confederation the Northwest
Territory. Immediately after that cession, within
a very few days, Thomas Jefferson, one of the per-
! sons appointed to make this deed, reported to
Congress an ordinance for the government of all
the Territories of the United States then ceded,
or that might thereafter be ceded, to the United
States, down to the thirty-second parallel of lati-
tude. Th^t was then the southern boundary of
our Union. In that ordinance, he, a Virginia dele-
gate, who had signed the deed, drafted and pro-
posed to Congress the ordinance for the govern-
ment of-all the Territories—the northwestern and
southern territory that might be ceded—providing
that, after 1800, neither slavery nor involuntary
servitude should be permitted in any of them. It
failed, though it received sixteen votes in the af-
firmative, and seven in the negative, because it did -
not receive a majority of the States, as required
by the Articles of the Confederation.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. It failed because it
contained that very provision.
Mr. COLFAX I state only the historical
facts.
Mr. MILLSON. There is no doubt, as the
gentleman has said, and as the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Corwin] has before remarked, that
the opinions which he has imputed to Washing-
ton, Jefferson, and other distinguished statesmen
of theante-revolutionary .period, were entertained
by them. But it should be remembered that it
was before the abolition of the African slave trade
that those views were expressed. It was while
standing in the living presence of the victims of
that traffic that their opinions were formed. It
was natural, sir, and almost unavoidable, that they
should think on slavery only as a part of that le-
galized system of rapine and plunder. They at
least would regard it as the motive prompting men
to the perpetration of crime. They did not see
slavery as we see it. Indeed, sir, it was not then,
as it is now, a social system established between
two classes of our own native population, in-
tended to promote the welfare and happiness of
both; an institution of society, establishing a just
and wise subordination and dependence between
two races, living together in almost equal numbers,
who socially never could be equal, and whom,
therefore, political equality would convert into
fierce and implacable enemies.
Mr. CORWIN. I thank the gentleman. That
is what I was going to say myself, but the gen-
tleman has expressed it much better than I should
have done it. I was about to refer to that ordi-
nance of 1787, whence I deduce the conclusion
that the men of that day did believe that it was
the best thing they could do with the five States
provided for in that ordinance—to prohibit negro
slavery there.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Will the gentleman
permit me to say a word here ? Mr. Madison
expressly states that the ob ject of that prohibition
was to take away the field left open for the im-
portation of Africans.
Mr. CORWIN. I was about to speak of that
opinion of Mr. Madison. I know from conver-
sations, which even so young a man as myself
has had, with the men of that period, that Vir-
ginia had some reasons for agreeing to the prohi-
bition of slavery in that part of the Territory
altogether unconnected with the institution of sla-
very. But I shall insist that the mam reasons
were the objection to slavery itself. Virginia was
then a great State, as she is now. " There were
giants in those days." She was afraid that the
rich lands of the Northwest, with slavery tolera-
ted there, would induce eminent men whom she
had at home to go there; and she did not wish to
part with those illustrious men. She wished to
keep them where they were. Virginia wanted
then, as she wants now, and as every State wants,
to keep as mucH greatness and as much glory in
their old homes as possible. Something like that
was in operation then. But I can hardly suppose
that that was the controlling motive with the great
men who did that great act. Their often-expressed
abhorcncc of slavery proves it was not. A great
act it was for good, for lasting good, as subse-
quent events have shown. It was provided that
all the States that were to come into the Federal
Union under that ordinance should prohibit sla-
very; and itwasiuider that provision that Ohio,
the first State thjst came m under it, excluded sla-
very in her State constitution.
Now, what did these men believe ? They were
wise men, philosophic statesmen. The terrific
storm of the Revolution had blown over them;
and we all know that the minds of men, after hav-
ing been much agitated, and relieved from the
causes of that agitation, then become sO calm that
