1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2523
has called on me, and if the Senator from Mary-
land will allow me, I should like to answer him
now.
Mr. PEARCE. Very well, sir.
Mr. COLLAMER. I ask that that amendment
be reported again.
The Secretary again read it.
Mr. COLLAMER. The remarks of the Sen-
ator from Florida, the chairman of the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads, seem to be
Predicated upon the idea that this provision made
y tlie House should be struck out altogether. I
have not entered into that. There is no objection
which the gentleman makes to the amendment
that I have offered, but what makes it plain that,
if wo retain tliis provision in the bill, we had bet-
ter have that amendment in. That i3 the point on
which it was presented. It is not presented on
the subject of striking it out. It is on the ground
that, if you keep that provision in, you had better
have the amendment to it. It was argued upon
that ground, and it was upon that ground only
that it was presented; so that it escapes every one
of the gentleman's remarks. He has not offered
a single reason why, if this provision should be
retained, we had not better have this amendment
with it.
Mr. YULEE. Is there not a reason in this:
in the case of contractors, where they have an
unprofitable contract, the Department will be
obliged to relet at a higher rate, whereas the pro-
vision, as it comes from the House, will oblige
them to resume their contracts?
Mr. COLLAMER. Why, Mr. President, can
any man suppose, after the Postmaster General
has said to a man, " I put an end to your con-
tract, and here is the one month's pay to which
you are entitled," that he can compel that man
to set it up again ?
Mr. YULEE. Then the provision is unneces-
sary if that be the interpretation.
Mr.COLLAMER. Kxabundantecautela. This
is to prevent any difficulty arising between the
Postmaster General and these people in relation
to setting up service which shall be suspended
unless they consent to it; or that he may under-
stand when he wants to advertise it, and when he
does not want to advertise it. He has the priv-
ilege of putting on the same contractors if they
will consent to do it, provided lie thinks it would
be better to have thcni do it than advertise anew.
It is, therefore, a provision to help him, to aid
him.
Mr. YULEE. Why not give the Postmaster
General some discretion, and when he supposes
he can get the service for less, allow him to in-
vite new bids.'
Mr. COLLAMER. I will answer the gentle-
man's questions one after another, until he sits
down and puts a new one. I will answer that
last one. I am unwilling to adopt the principle
that a Postmaster General can, when he pleases,
discontinue a mail's service, and the next day set
it up again bvan advertisement or put somebody
else on it. 1 want them to have the privilege of
taking it, if they have a mind to do so. If he
wants to set it up again, lot himput it up, and let
them have the privilege of taking it, if they please.
That is my idea. That is honest, fair, and just.
I believe 1 have now answered the gentleman's
objections about that. j
His next objection is this: he says, by restor- !
ing the service, if, on examination, under this I
amendment, it is thought advisable by the Post- I
master General to discontinue it again, he will |
have to pay for anothormonth'sservice. I do not j
believe it: I hold to no such thing. Here is a |
contractor who is running upon a certain route, |
and carrying the mail for a given sum. The head }
of the Department concludes to discontinue that i
service, and he pays it. Wow, because this act
provides for a restoration of the service, it does
not follow that he is bound, if he wants to discon-
tinue it, to give a man ail additional month's pay,
unless he sets it in operation again. If,immedi-
ately upon the passage of this bill, and a reexam-
ination of it, he concludes to discontinue it per-
manently, he does not put the man on at all; lie
does not pay him again. I deny that the amend-
ment is Obnoxious to any objection of that kind.
In ease of a man having stock and horses being
stopped and thrown out of employment you pay
him; but if you restore .that service, and before
you put it in operation it is discontinued, the man
is not thrown out of service, and then nothing of
that kind can be obtained. His contractis ended.
Mr. YULEE. I will say, upon that point—my
attention having been drawn to it by the Senator
from Minnesota [Mr. Rice] on the last occasion
when this bill was up—that I inquired particu-
larly, from the head of the bureau of transporta-
tion, what would be their construction under that
law; and he told me undoubtedly they would be
obliged to pay the month's additional compensa-
tion upon every route reinstated by this bill, but
which they might determine to discontinue. And
it seems to me that would be a very proper con-
struction of the law which, I have no doubt, the
lawyers, through the Court of Claims, would
oblige the Department to meet.
Mr. COLLAMER. Well, Mr. President, I
happen to differ utterly with the gentleman as to
which is the better lawyer, and which the better
able to give construction to a mail contract, &c.
I am at Issue with him utterly. As respects the
head of that contract department, if he had the
case before him, and hoard both sides, I should
have a good deal of respect for his opinion; but
not upon an ex parte hearing. Now, the idea that
a man who, by his contract, is entitled to a
month's pay when thrown out of service, can get
another month's pay when they conclude to dis-
continue it, without putting him again in service,
and which service he cannot be put in, without
his own consent, is perfectly childish. There is
nothing in it at all. I can merely say, come from
what quarter it may, that, in my view, it is sim-
ply childish. When a man is thrown out of
employment, and his contract utterly ended, if
they want to put it into operation again, he is
under no obligation to take it, unless he consents
to it. If the Department want to put it into oper-
ation again—and they talk of discontinuing per-
manently and forever, without ever putting him
on the line at all, or having anything to do with
outlays—his whole contract is ended, and is never
renewed without his consent; and to say that lie
can claim, under that contract, another month's
pay, is, to me, entirely absurd. There is nothing
in it. It is one of those fanciful things gotten up
here for the purpose of creating difficulty about
restoring serviec.
I have thus explained my reasons for the amend-
ment, together with the hist one which has been
offered to it. The gentleman makes no objection
to that; and that is put in by me merely to ex-
clude any wrong conclusion.
Mr. PEARCE. If I understood the Senator's
amendment aright, he proposes to except from
the proposed restoration the two routes mentioned
in his amendment. Why he has omitted others
equally proper to be excepted, I cannot imagine.
Mr. COLLAMER. If the gentleman requires
the reason, it is simply because I am satisfied
that those ought to be excepted, and as respects
others, we do not know.
Mr. PEARCE. Now, sir, I will proceed to
give information to show why others should be
equally excepted. I ask the Senator, if he thinks
proper to perfect his amendment, to amend it by
excepting also route 8076, from San Antonia to
San Diego.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have no objection to
that.
Mr. PEARCE. The service on that route costs
§196,000, and the whole amount of the postages
returned is §601.
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 have no objection to
the gentleman putting that in. I am willing to
adopt it.
Mr. PEARCE. As the Senator consents to it,
I will send the amendment up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Vermont accept the proposed amend-
ment ?
Mr. COLLAMER. I inquired about that route
the other day, and I thought it ought to be dis-
continued long ago. I have no objection to in-
serting it.
The Secretary read the amendment to the amend-
ment, to insert in the fifth line after the word
" California," the words " nor to restore the ser-
vice on route 8076, from San Antonia to San
Diego."
Mr. COLLAMER. I thought it was from
Fort Yuma to San Diego.
Mr. PEARCE. That is, 1 understand, the en-
tire route, a portiori of which has been discontin-
ued, not the whole of it. So far as any portion
of it is in'operation now, it will not be affected
by the law; but that which has been suspended
or discontinued by the Postmaster General ouglft
not to be ordered to be renewed by that amend-
ment.
Mr. COLLAMER. That is from Fort Yuma
over to San Diego.
Mr. PEARCE. That is the entire route, as I
understand. It is described as an entire route by
the Department. I have not its report before me
in which it is spoken of as an entire route.
Then, sir, I want to say further, that I think
the route from St. Joseph to Placerville ought to
be excepted also. That route has not been en-
tirely discontinued. I presume the Senate does
not know what the facts are; and I propose to
state the facts which I got the day before yester-
day from the Postmaster General himself.
The route consists of two parts. From St.
Joseph to Salt Lake is one part. That is a dis-
tance of eleven hundred and fifty-eight miles,
upon which there is a contract now for the trans-
portation of the mail, at reduced service, how-
ever—not so frequent as it was during the Mor-
mon war. It is now a semi-monthly mail; and
the contract from St. Joseph to Salt Lake is for
$125,000. The yield of the office at Salt Lake is
§700 a year. The Secretary of War says they
do not require a more frequent mail for the use
of the Army, and that service was made a more
frequent service for the use of the Army. That
necessity no longer existing, the contract has beerf
curtailed so far, and now costs $125,000 a year.
Then the contract from Salt Lake to Placerville
has been abandoned or discontinued—I do not
know which—and a new contract has been made,
and the transportation over that costs $33,000 a
year.
Mr. COLLAMER. Do you mean since the
discontinuance?
Mr. PEARCE. Certainly; and the new con-
tract, at a much reduced rate, is §33,000 a year.
The whole expense, therefore, now between those
two points is $158,000 per annum.
Mr. YULEE. Your reply may lead to a mis-
apprehension. It was not discontinued. Itwas
reduced, and has since been annulled in the hands
of the original contractor, on reduced service, for
failure of performance, and given out again, upon
the. curtailed service, at the low rate that you state.
Mr. PEARCE. A new contract has been made
from Salt Lake City to Placerville, at §33,000; so
that the whole service on that route now costs hut
$158,000; but if it is not excepted from the Sen-
ator's amendment, then it is liable to be restored
at a rate of $320,000 a year. I want that route
excepted, too.
Mr. COLLAMER. Send it up.
Mr. PEARCE. I cannot give the number of
the route; but 1 propose to insert these words,
"nor the route from St. Joseph, via Salt Lake, to
Placerville."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Vermont accept that?
Mr. COLLAMER. Yes, sir.
Mr. PEARCE. Now, Mr. President, I do not
see the necessity at all for the amendment of the
Senator from Vermont, nor any reason why the
Senate should retain the section as it came from
the House of Representatives. I have here aletter
of the rostmnster General, addressed to the honor-
able Senator from Florida, as chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads. 1 will
ask leave to read it because it shows the principle
upon which the reductions of service have been
made, and the principle which will govern the
Postmaster General if we do not pass this pro-
vision proposed to be stricken out in regard to the
restoration of service; and I think it will be found
highly satisfactory. I will read it all:
"Post Office Dkpartment, May 30, I860.
" Sir : In answer to your vcibal inquiries on the subject,
t have tosfate that the Department, in instituting the cur-
tailments of mail .service prompted by the failure of the
Pon Office appropriation bill at the last session of Con-
gress, did not act inconsiderately or hastily with regard to
the condition and circumstances of the routes upon which
reductions of service bhould be ordered, or proceed in any
inannei by wholesale to disturb or disorganize the postal
arrangements of the country. On the contrary, as I stated
In my report of 3d December last, (see pages 34 and 33,) the
task assumed by the Department was most arduous, in-
