1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
others, refused to carry out the said decision, for
the alleged reason that Congress made no appro-
priation to pay such cases.
No objection being made, the bill was laid aside,
to be reported to the House with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
" WEBSTER S. STEELE.
A bill (H. R. No. 277) for the relief of Web-
ster S. Steele.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Webster S. Steele, of Illinois,
on the list of invalid pensioners, at the rate of
eight dollars a month, commencing on the 4th of
December, 1859, to continue during his lifetime.
Mr. FENTON. I move to amend the bill by
striking out " 1859" and inserting " 1857." This
case was before the Senate last year, and they
passed a bill allowing this individual a pension
from that date. The bill failed in the House for
want of time. The case having thus been satis-
factorily made out to the Senate, I move the
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
It appears, from the testimony, in the case, that
Webster S. Steele was, in October, 1814, mus-
tered into the service of the United States as a
private in the company of Captain WilliamEels,
of the New York militia, called out in the war of
1812 with Great Britain; that he was stationed,
with the company to which he belonged, at Sack-
ett's Harbor, in the State of New York, and there,
while in the service and in the line of his duty,
contracted a disease from hardship and exposure
which has resulted in making him an invalid, and
rendered him unable to obtain his support by
labor.
No objection being made, the bill was laid aside,
to be reported to the House with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
PAULDING, WILLIAMS^ AND OTHERS.
A bill (H. R. No. 278) for the relief of John
Paulding, David Williams, Isaac Van Wert, and
Sergeant John Chainpe.
The bill provides that, in consideration of the
distinguished services of John Paulding, David
Williams, Isaac Van Wert, and Sergeant John
Champe, rendpred in the revolutionary war, there
be granted one township of land to the heirs of
John Paulding, one township of land to the heirs
of David Williams, one township of land to the
heirs of Isaac Van Wert, and one township of
land to the heirs of John Champe, to be laid out
and located on any of the unappropriated lands
of the United States subject to entry, under the
authority of the Secretary of the Interior, who
shall authorize the same to be done as follows:
The township to the heirs of John Paulding to
be laid out and located in the name of Joseph K.
Paulding and John Paulding, of the city of New
York, as trustees, to hold and convey said town-
ship of land, in equal shares, to the heirs of said
John Paulding, deceased; the townships to David
Williams, Isaac Van Wert, and Sergeant John
Champe, to be laid out and located in the names
of their several heirs, on satisfactory proof being
given to the Secretary of the Interior of such
names and heirships—the heirs in the several cases
mentioned in the act to take by right of represent-
ation.
The Clerk commenced to read the report, but
was interrupted by
Mr. TAPPAN. As all the historical facts in
reference to Paulding, Williams, Van Wert, and
Champe must be familiar to members, I move that
the reading of the report be dispensed with.
Mr. BURNETT. I suppose members are fa-
miliar with all the facts connected with the cap-
ture of Major Andre. There is no doubt of that.
This bill, I believe, contains a grant of just ninety
thousand acres of land, according to my calcula-
tions. Now, I ask for the reading of the report,
that I may see the reason the committee give why
we should vote that amount of land, without nam-
ing the descendants, or showing who they are.
1 do not remember any incident connected with
that transaction which would entitle the repre-
sentatives of these ptuties to so large an amount
of land.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Kentucky object to the bill?
Mr. BURNETT. I do not now. I want to !
hear the report read, that I may see the reason for I
the bill. I
Mr. COX. General Washington promised Ser-
geant John Champe a township of land for de-
serting from the American Army, and going to
New York, for the purpose of taking Arnold.
And Washington Irvmg has also written a letter,
asking that the same amount of land shall be
granted to the descendants of these other men.
The land is to go to the descendants themselves,
and not to speculators.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. How much land is
granted by the bill ?
Mr. COX. Only four townships.
Mr. BURNETT. I will propose this to the
gentleman from Ohio. It is a very ungracious
task for a member, in the discharge of his duty,
to object to bills, and then to be commented upon
in reference to doing so. Now, if the gentlemen
will give us the yeas and nays upon this bill in
the House, I will have no objection to having it
laid aside, to be reported to the House.
Mr. COX. I am entirely content with that.
Mr. COBB was understood to object.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Alabama object ?
Mr. CRAWFORD. I object, to remove all
doubt.
JOHN W. TAYLOR.
A bill (H. R. No. 284) for the relief of John
W. Taylor, and certain other assignees of pre-
emption land locations.
The bill declares valid all assignments of pre-
emption bounty land warrant locations, at any of
the land offices of the United States, made in good
faith since the 19th of October, 1852, and prior to
the 21st of May, 1856, under instructions from
the Commissioner of the General Land Office of
the former datd, and authorizes the Secretary of
the Interior to cause patents to be issued, in the
name of the assignee, on all such locations as now
remained suspended and have not been patented.
It appears from the petition that, on the 22d
day of March, 1852, Congress passed an act de-
claring all bounty land warrants assignable, and
all valid certificates of location made with land
warrants were also made assignable. By the
same act, persons having preemption rights were
authorized to locate the same with land warrants.
That the then Commissioner of the General Land
Office, Hon. John Wilson, construed said law as
permitting locations made by preemptors, as well is
others, to be assigned. That lie accordingly issued
instructions to that effect to the registers and re-
ceivers throughoutthe United States, in October,
1852. In accordance with said instructions, quite
a number of entries were made by preemptors in
the years 1852 and 1853, which were afterwards
assigned to other parties. The entries so made and
assigned were all duly patented to the assignee as
they were reached in their order m the General
Land Office, until 185G, when the Secretary of the
Intenor overruled the opinion of the Commis-
sioner, and decided that the law did not recognize
assignments by preemptors, and from that time
to the present patents have been withheld. The
petitioner represents that he holds a certificate of
location assigned as aforesaid, and that the Sec-
retary of the Interior declines to patent it to him.
The petitioner further says, that Hon. J.Thomp-
son, Secretary of the Interior, declares it as his
opinion that equity and good faith require that
parties situated as the petitioner should have their
patents, and will recommend the passage of alaw
which will authorize him to issue the patents to
the petitioner, and others similarly circumstanced.
Mr. VANDEVER. I ask that the letter of
the Secretary of the Interior, and also the letter
of the Commissioner of the Land Office, be read
as a part of the report:
The letters were read,as follows:
Department op the Interior,
Washington, February 27, 1300,
Sin: X have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of
your letter of the -24th instant, inclosing for examination
the petition of John \V.Ta> lor, of Iowa, and in repiy to in-
close the icpoit of the Con!mi:>sioner of the General Land
Office in the matter, of this date, accompanied by the draft
of a biil tor the reliefof certain a^ignees of preemption land
claims.
The views of the Commissioner of the General Land
Office are concurred in by this Department.
Very respectfully, your obedient M-ryant,
J. THOMSON,'Secretary.
Hon. W. Vandever, Committee on Public Lands, United
States House of Representatives.
Ccntrai. Land Ornci:. .February 27,18G0.
Sir: I have tlio honor to return herewith a letter of the
24th instant to your address from Hon. William Yaiulever,
chairman of the House Committee on Public Lands, with
the petition of John Taylor, asking Congress to authorize
the issuing to him a patent as the assignee of a preemption
location, and to report as instiucted; that the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office, on the 19th day of Oc-
tober, 1852, did issue instructions to local, land officers,
deciding that assignments of preemption bounty land war-
rant locations were as valid as those made at ordinary
private entry; that many locations of that character were
afterwards assigned and patents issued to the assignees,
and continued to be so issued till the 21st of May, 1856, at
which date the Secretary reviewed .the wholc sntjjcct, and
decided that preemption locations were not assignable under
theactofthe22d of March, 1862; whereupon this office,
on May 23,1856, issued a circular in accordance with the
Secretary's decision, "copy herewith. The individual peti-
tioner is one of a class of persons whom it is proposed toie-
Iieve by legislation, by authorizing patents to be issued to
the assignees of all preemption locations assigned under the .
authority of said instructions of the 19th of October, 1852,
and prior to the 21st ot March, 1856, the date of the Secre-
tary's letter annulling said instructions. In the opinion of
this office such legislation would be just and proper, and in
that view I herewith inclose the draft of a bill which it is
thought will cover the whole class of cases represented in
part by the petition of John Taylor.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JOSEPH S. WILSON, Commissioner.
Hon. Jacob Thomp&on, Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. BURNETT. I wish to ask the gentle-
man from Iowa whether this bill is in accordance
with the views contained in the ktter of the Sec-
retary of the Interior ?
Mr. VANDEVER. The exact bill.
Mr. BURNETT. Then let it go.
There being no objection, the bill was laid aside,
to be reported to the House with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
JAMES S. CAMPBELL.
A bill (H. R. No. 298) for the relief of James
S. Campbell. [Objected to by Mr. Burnett.]
MARY ANN HENRY.
A bill (H. R. No. 311) for the relief of Mary
Ann Henry. [Objected to by Mr. Smith, of Vir-
ginia.]
PAULDING, WILLIAMS, AND OTHEKS AGAIN.
Mr. COBB. At the earnest solicitation of my
friend from Ohio, [Mr. Cox,] I withdraw my ob-
jection to the passage of the bill (No. 278) for the
relief of the heirs of Paulding, Williams, and Van
Wert.
Mr. CRAWFORD. The gentleman is mis-
taken in the man.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ohio
is mistaken. It was not the gentleman from Ala-
bama on whose objection that bill was passed
over. Objection was made by the gentleman from
Georgia.
Mr. TAPPAN. I was about to suggest to the
committee that as we have already done  good deal
of work to-day, and for the purpose of relieving-
members, and especially the reading clerks, the
committee should now rise, with the understand-
ing—which I suppose was had last week—that
the House will sit to-morrow. With that under-
standing, I move that the committee rise, and re-
report the bills to the House.
Mr. PRYOR called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered.
Mr. TAPPAN. I withdraw my motion. I
supposed that we might rise now, as the commit-
tee is worn out, and that we might meet and do
more business to-morrow.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I withdraw my ob-
jection to the bill for the relief of John Johnston.
Mr. BURNETT. I object to going back on
the Calendar.
The CHAIRMAN. It can only be done by
unanimous consent.
JOHN SONDLES.
A bill (H. R. No. 312) granting a pension to
John Sondles.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary of
the Interior to place the name of John Sondles,
of the State of Ohio, on the invalid pension roll,
at the rate of eight dollars per month, from the
5th of January, 1859, to continue during his nat-
ural life.
The report was read.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. That is a ease for
the Pension Office, and I do not know why it
comes here. I must object to it.
Mr. MARTIN, of Ohio. I trust the gentleman
from Virginia will withdraw his objection. This
is a very meritorious case.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I understand that
