I860.]
APPENDIX TO "THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tSff
36th Cong....1st Sess.
Election of Speaker—Mr. Corwvn.
Ho. of Reps.
ity to compacts. The Constitution had declared
that that Constitution and the treaties and laws
made under it should be the supreme law of the
land, overruling all other laws. That terrible
treaty-making power was not trusted to anything
short of two thirds of that great constitutional
body, the Senate of the United States. It was
safe to trust it to two thirds of that body, repre-
senting all the sovereign States of the Union.
Mr. LAMAR. I have been listening with a
great deal of interest to the statement of facts sub-
mitted by the honorable gentleman; and I desire
to call his attention to one historical fact connected
with the subject, which may throw some light on
the views of the early founders of the Republic.
I allude to the organization of the territorial gov-
ernment of Orleans. I would like to hear the gen-
tleman as to this point. The operation of fhe
ordinance in regard to slavery was expressly
withdrawn; and the right of bona fide slaveholders
to go into the Territory was expressly guarantied
by the organic act of the Orleans Territory, just
as the right of residents of the other States to go
there with their property and enjoy it, was guar-
antied by the Constitution of the Republic.
Mr. CORWIN. Certainly. The gentleman
states the facts fairly, I have no doubt. It was
not the policy or intention of the fathers of the
Republic, when they acquired territory where
slavery had taken root and become an institution
of society, to abolish it by the direct action of the
Federal Government. *
Mr. LAMAR. I beg the gentleman's pardon.
I thought his position was, that slavery had not
taken root there; but that it only existed in a small
corner of the acquired territory—such a colony
as Connecticut would bo able to settle in two
weeks, or some short time.
Mr. CORWIN. So they could, I believe.
Mr. LAMAR. Well, over that vast dominion
so acquired, a law was passed, and was signed
by Mr. Jefferson, expressly guarantying the right
of southern slaveholders to go there and enjoy
their property, and make slave settlements and
slave colonies.
Mr. CORWIN. To be sure.
Mr. GROW. Let me ask, with the permission
of the gentleman from Ohio, whether the provis-
ions of that bill were not, that no person could
take a slave there except he was going as an
actual settler, and was, at the time, the bona fide
owner of the slave? If a slave were taken under
any other circumstances, a fine and the freedom
of the slave were the penalty.
Mr. LAMAR. The gentleman states it exactly.
They were not permitted to carry on the foreign
slave trade.
Mr. GROW. Nor the domestic.
Mr. LAMAR. Nor were they permitted to
carry slaves there for the purpose of trade.
Mr. GROW. That is it.
Mr. LAMAR. Similar laws exist in many of
the southern States. It was regarded as protect-
ive of the institution of slavery, and not prohibit-
ive of it. It was considered as a law in the inter-
ests of slavery—to protect slaves who were car-
ried there for the purpose of settlement, of labor,
and of slave colonization, as authorized and pro-
tected by the Constitution of the United States.
Mr. CORWIN. I was about to say, and I have
already stated, that wherever slavery does exist,
there they permitted slavery to remain; but that
where it did not exist, they did not permit slaves
to be carried—as in the Northwestern Territory.
Mr. LAMAR. I wish to call the gentleman
back. Did I understand him correctly to state
that the slavery that existed in that vast domain
was a mere accidental settlement in one corner of
the Territory ?
Mr. CORWIN. 1 said it was small, I did not
say it was accidental. It had been there, I be-
lieve, from the first settlement of part of Illinois.
Mr. LAMAR. I wish to ask the gentleman if
slavery existed in what is now the State of Ark-
ansas any more than it did north of 36° 30' at
that time ?
Mr. CORWIN. It did.
Mr. LAMAR. In Arkansas ?
Mr. CORWIN. It did; not much of it, but
still it was there. If everybody is to be tugging
at my wheels, I shall not drive to the end of my
journey to-day. [Laughter.]
Mr. LAMAR. I beg the gentleman's pardon;
but will he allow me to ask him whether there
were more slaves then in the Territories below
the line of 36° 30' ?
Mr. CORWIN. I think there were settle-
ments.
Mr. LAMAR. Slave settlements ?
Mr. CORWIN. I think so. I think you will
find, from the history of the times, that there were
such settlements, and that they formed the nu-
cleus around which slavery was established and
extended.
Mr. LAMAR. One word more. I understand
the gentleman now to allude to sparse settlements
through Arkansas and Missouri. I ask if there
were not similar settlements north of that line in
the States which nowconstitutelllinois and Iowa?
Mr. CORWIN. No, sir; they were compre-
hended under the ordinance of 1787.
Mr. LAMAR. How about Iowa ?
Mr. CORWIN. There were no negroes there.
They would not thrive there. If there was any
slavery there it was abolished. Now, Mr. Clerk,
these antiquarian researches will bring us back to
Babylon directly, and Egypt, and we shall get
among the obscene snakes and frogs of the cata-
combs. [Laughter.] What I have attempted to
explain to the gentleman, and to everybody, was,
that we did acquire territory; that slavery existed
m it as an institution; that there never had been
any exhibition of the powers of the Government
so manifested as to destroy such local institution,
or, if you please, that right. They left the Orleans
Territory as it was in this respect; they left the
Louisiana purchase as it was until they came to
that part of it lying north of 36° 30'.
Now, let mc remind the honorable gentleman
that about the early settlement of these places, and
historical matters connected with them, the men
of 1820 knew and understood them much better
than we can be supposed to do. We know the
men of that day declared that the treaty by which
we had acquired that territory contained in it pro-
visions by which we were bound, its obligations
being paramount to all law and every other obli-
gation. They admitted Missouri, as I think she
would have been admitted if there had been no
treaty; perhaps it might not have been within a
year or two, but eventually I believe she would
have been admitted, without the aid of treaty stip-
ulations.
Now, sir, who were they, disputing at that time
about this question of the benefits of slavery, the
disadvantages of slavery, the evils of slavery,
looking at it in all its aspects, social, moral, polit-
ical ? They were the men of 1820; they were men
who had just emerged from that struggle with
Great Britain, second in importance, as they
thought, only to that in winch they conquered
our independence; they rejoiced that they had
come out of it with reputation to the country.
Their hearts were American. Whether Qem-
ocrats, Republicans, or Federalists, they were all
Americans; all party lines had been obliterated.
We know that the period to which I refer was
called the halcyon period of the Republic. God
knows it was a happy day in the public affairs,
compared with the present. What did they do'
Just what we should do to-morrmv, if we were
like them. They admitted a slave State because
they were bound to do it, either by treaty obliga-
tions or<by those fraternal relations that must ex-
ist between the States; and they said that slavery
never should exist in the territory north of Mis-
souri.
You say that they had no constitutional power
to do it. Is it to be supposed that the men of
those days did not understand their constitutional
obligations? There were Mr. Monroe and John
Quincy Adams, and William H. Crawford—my
Georgia friends can understand who I mean when
I speak of him—a man, in my memory, quite as
illustrious as any citizen that has ever lived ill"
that great State. He was Secretary of the Treas-
ury m the Cabinet ofMr. Monroe. There was Mr.
Smith Thompson, afterwards Judge of the Su-
preme Court, a man whom everybody who knew
him will now remember as one possessing great
learning in matters of constitutional law, as well
as in the common and civil law; a jurist, in the
best sense of the word; an old-fashioned man, in
the best sense of the word: a mail of large and
well-furnished head, and sound patriotic heart.
He was Secretary of the Navy. Mr. McLean
was not at that time a member of the Cabinet. It
remained for General Jackson to bring the Post-
master General into the Cabinet, but he was in
familiar association with that Cabinet. But who
was he, I ask you, whose only function it was, at
that time, to give constitutional law to the Cabi-
net,' Who was the Attorney General, who has
nothing else to do but that, or would have noth-
ing else to do if we had not imposed extra-official
duties upon him? William Wirt was the man, a
Virginian. I presume my honorable friend from
Virginia who sits before me now [Mr. Bocock]
would have had some doubt about the propriety
of his own opinion upon legal and constitutional
points, if Mr. Wirt had differed from him.
John C. Calhoun, of South Carolina, was also
a member of that Cabinet. This very question, the
pSfcver of Congress to prohibit slavery in the Ter-
ritories, was submitted to that Cabinet. Was Mr.
Monroe an Abolitionist? Doubtless, like others
of his compeers of that period, he did entertain
the opinion that wherever the white man could
labor with advantage, it would be better to pro-
hibit slavery; but that was not the question sub-
mitted to him—him of the revolutionary era; him,
an honored and influential patriot from the time
of our independence up to the constitutional era;
him,acotomporary of the Constitution itself, who
knew all the motives and reasons, the pros and
cons why this power was put in, and that.was
left out, of that instrument—which, as was elo-
quently remarked the other day, is so delicate a
piece of machinery that if it be deranged in a sin-
gle spring, the whole falls into chaos. This man,
a cotcmporary of that period, who had studied
that complex and delicate work, knew the object
of the whole and the function of each of its parts
—I ask, did he not understand the uses and design
of that work as well, nay, much better, than we,
his degenerate successors? That question, I re-
peat, was submitted to his Cabinet, not a single
mcmberof which, I believe, is now alive; and the
testimony of Mr. Adams is, that they were unani-
mously of the opinion that the bill prohibiting
slavery in the territory north of latitude 36° 30'
was a constitutional law.
Mr. KEITT, (in his seat.) Mr. Calhoun de-
nied the statement.
Mr. CORWIN. I heard the gentleman from
South Carolina make that statement the other
day. I was in the Senate when that was ntfen-
tioned. If my memory be correct, Mr. Calhoun
said, at that time, he did not remember that fact.
But, be that as it may, if Mr. Calhoun at that
time had entertained the opinion that it was not
within the constitutional competency of Congress
to pass that act, is it likely, from the earnest nature
and character of the man, that he would not have
left on record bis protest eigainst the approval of
what he might have deemed an unconstitutional
la w ?
Mr. GARNETT. 1 will remind the gentleman
that if Mr. Monroe had signed a bill he deemed
unconstitutional, he would only have done what
the gentleman attributes to Mr. Jefferson in refer-
ence to the annexation of Louisiana.
Mr. CORWIN. I wish gentlemen would finish
my speech for me. I know that Mr. Jefferson
admitted that we had no constitutional power to
acquire territory, and I believe Mr. Madison was
requested by him to propose an amendment to the
Constitution to provide for it.
Mr. KEITT. I will quote a single word from
Mr. Monroe '^testimony. It is not quite so strong
as I thought it was, but it is just it should be
quoted. It is:
"That the proposed restriction of Territories which are
to be admitted into the Union, if not in direct violation of
the Constitution,-!? repugnant to its principles."
Mr. CORWIN. I have not brought myself to
the conclusion that Mr. Monroe put his name to
a bill that he believed unconstitutional.
From the history of the times to which I now
refer we should all learn to tolerate difference of
opinion. Mr. Jefferson thought a great public ne-
cessity obliged'him to acquire Louisiana, without
any warrant in the Constitution for that act. It
is not necessary now to recur to the historical
facts of that day which formed in the mind of Mr.
Jefferson a justification of that act. Louisiana
