1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1583
Mr. BRANCH. I move that the committee rise.
Mr. COLFAX. I hope that motion will be
voted down. The objection that has been made
comes from the friends of the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Hardeman.]
Mr. BRANCH. The friends of the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Wells] are those who
brought the House into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman is not a po-
litical friend of the gentleman from Georgia—not
eo claimed; and I trust that such a statement will
not be made.
Mr. BRANCH. The gentleman from Georgia
yielded me the floor to make the motion that the
committee rise. It is his desire that the commit-
tee should rise; and I want to see whether the
House will force him to go on, at this late hour
of a private bill day, against his will.
Mr. WELLS. I am told that the committee
has refused to rise; and if that be so, the gentle-
man from Georgia has the right to yield to me.
He has yielded to me, and I will now proceed
with my remarks.
Mr. BURNETT. I appeal to the gentleman
from North Carolina to withdraw his motion that
the committee rise. We are in the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and we had
better do what we can, instead of rising. Here
is the gentleman from New York, ready to go on
with his remarks; and I think we ought now to
withdraw objection to his going on.
Mr. BRANCH. I will yield to the gentleman
from Georgia, if he desires to proceed this even-
ing. If he desires to adjourn, I will insist on my
motion that the committee rise.
Mr. HARDEMAN. 1 will say tb the gentle-
man from North Carolina, that I would prefer not
to go on with my remarks this evening. In order
to accommodate the gentleman from New York,
I will yield to him, if that be the general wish of
the House.
The CHAIRMAN. Objection has been made.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. Yes, sir; I object.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the gentleman from Geor-
gia yields the floor unconditionally, I have no
doubt he will get it when the committee again goes
into session. That courtesy, under circumstances
like the present, has never been denied that I am
aware of.
Mr. HARDEMAN. With that understand-
ing, I yield the floor unconditionally.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair recognizes the
gentleman from New York.
Mr. YALLANDIGHAM. I have objected to
the gentleman from Georgia yielding to the gen-
tleman from Now York. I insist on my objec-
tion reluctantly, but I insist upon it.
Mr. WELLS. I will proceed with my remarks.
Mr. YALLANDIGHAM. Does the gentle-
man from Georgia yield the floor unconditionally?
Mr. BRANCH. I stated that I would yield
entirely to the wishes of my friend from Georgia.
If he desired to proceed this evening, I would with-
draw my motion that the committee rise; but if
he desired to go on some other time, and wished
to retain the floor, I would insist on it. I under-
stand that my friend from Georgia desires that the
committee should rise, and that there should be an
adjournment, rather than*that he should go on this
evening. The question is whether the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union will de-
prive the gentleman from Georgia of his oppor-
tunity. I have never known the committee to
refuse to any gentleman what is now asked by the
gentleman from Georgia, that, not desiring to pro-
ceed this evening, the committee shall rise to let
him go on another day. I insist on my motion
that the committee rise.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Georgia waive his privilege to go on with his re-
marks ?
Mr. HARDEMAN. I understand that there
will be objection to my proceeding when the com-
mittee is m session, another day, if I now yield
the floor unconditionally. I do not like to lose
my position; and, although I do not prefer it, yet
I will go on this evening with my remarks.
Mr. BRANCH. If it meets with the concur-
rence of my friend, I \Mi|ll withdraw the motion
that the committee rise.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I want to see this
House adjourn, and for that purpose I want to
see this committee rise.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. I call the gen-
tleman to order. The gentleman from Georgia
has the floor, and I want him to go on if he wishes
to procecd this evening.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Mis-
souri is not in order. The gentleman from Geor-
gia is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I move that the
committee do now rise.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman has not
the floor to make that motion.
Mr. HARDEMAN. I yield the floor for the
present.
Mr. WELLS. The floor has been yielded, and
I will go on. A question of incalculable mo-
ment 
Mr. BURNETT. I rise to a question of or-
der. I understand tjiat Jefferson's Manual has
been constituted a part of the rules of this House.
Now,-that Manual is against the practice of read-
ing speeches, which has grown up here. I want
to put a stop to that practices Members rise here
and read speeches which go into the Congres-
sional Globe and out into the country as if they
were delivered here in this Hall in debate. It is
a practice not in accordance with the rules of this
House. The gentleman from New York holds
in his hand a printed speech, which he proposes
to read—he does not care how many may be
present. He proposes that that speech shall go to
the country as if it were delivered here in debate,
when it has been set up in type and printed before
he came into the House, fee proposes to have it
made a part of the "printed debates of this body.
It is a mere farcc. It is but a form; for it is no
speech, and is such as was never intended to com-
pose the preserved debates of any deliberative
body in the world. I make the point of order
that he cannot proceed to read that paper. Let
me read the language of Jefferson's Manual:
" For the same reason a member has not a right to read
a paper in his place, if it be objected to, without Jeave of
the House; but this rigor is never exercised but where
there is an intentional or gross abuse of the time and pa-
tience of the IJousc."
I make the point that this reading of speeches
is a great waste of our time.
Mr. SHERMAN. Tins point of order has
been overruled a £veat many times.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order, putting his decision upon the
ground of the uniform precedents on the point,
and the general usage of the House, which has
never been disturbed.
Mr. BURNETT. I take an appeal from the
decision of the Chair. Is my appeal debatable?
The CHAIRMAN. The appeal is not debat-
able.
Mr. BURNETT I have to yield to that de-
cision; but I think the Chair is equally wrong in
both of his decisions.
Mr. HATTON. I hope now the gentleman
fro to New York will be allowed to proceed.
The question was taken, " Shall the decision of
the Chair stand as the judgment of the commit-
tee?" and it was decided in the affirmative.
Mr. WELLS. A question of incalculable mo-
ment is now before the American people for their
decision—one which the American people only
can decide. Not to Congress, not to courts, not
to Legislative Assemblies or judicial tribunals in
the States, but to the people only, belongs the
final decision of this question—a question fraught
with the most momentous consequences, not only
to themselves and their posterity, but to the race.
Of what vast importance is it that the tribunal
which is to decide this question should discharge
its high trust so as to advance the interests of hu-
manity, by establishing its decision upon those
principles of truth and justice which are the found-
ation of God's throne, and which alortf can keep
His footstool from destruction. Before the peo-
ple clothe themselves with the judicial power, and
decide what may be irreversible, save by the fiat
of the Father and Judge of all, each individual
should strive to fit himself for the right discharge
of his high function. He should ask that his
affections may be purified and his intellect en-
lightened; that he may be able to rise above all
selfish motives, and, unbiased by all disturbing
influences, may act under the dictates of con-
science and the inspirations of the Father. He
should pray that prejudice and passion may not
be suffered to cloud his reason, and that the Divine
radiance from the Sun of- Intelligence may illu-
minate his understanding. Then, withpurehands,
an unclouded intellect, and affections radiant with
love to God and man, each citizen, clothed with 1
the judicial ermine, may fearlessly enter upon the
discharge of his high trust.
Now, here, on the threshold of my argument,
I bow my soul in humility before the throne of
Eternal Justice, and pray for the wisdom,.the
love, and the energy, which shall enable me to
advocate, as I ought, the cause of man before the
august tribunal of the people—august, because
the people are images of God, and, cl^-hed with
sovereignty by Him, their high function is to
exercise justice and judgment upon the acts of
their servants who make,execute,and decide the
laws.
Of infinite importance is it that the source of
power, the spring that feeds the stream, should be
pure as the crystal; for if the fountain is turbid
at its source,it will carry with it,in solution,the
impurities of the fen and the morass fiom which ^
it issues. Only as from a virtuous people, from
the mountains of an elevated spiritual state in the
individual man, roll the springs of power, through
towns, and counties, and States, to this Capitol,
will be found concentrated here an ocean' of power,
whose winds and waves even will but purify its
depths, whose expanded surface shall not only-
bear the wealth of nations, but, under the beam
of a Sun of Righteousness, shall send up the cloud
and the mist, which, wafted to the remotest rim
of its mighty realm, shall descend upon the hum-
blest and the highest, in the dew and rain of equal
and just laws, replenishing the fountains of its
power, making their flow perennial, and . ur Union
perpetual.
Law, in its application to man, is a rule of con-
duct commanding what is right and prohibiting
what is wrong. Obedience to law, as tljus de-
fined, is an essential element of all well-being.
No man, no society, no nation, no world, can re-
volve in its appropriate sphere without obedience
to law. All law is the will expressed of God or
man. The source of law is indirectly God; the
Creator of the universe must be its preserver, in
its parts as well as in the mighty whole; and
whether, by direct power and omniscience, He
holds suns in their spheres or planets in their or-
bits, nations in their fates, or individuals in their
destinies, or whether He acts through instru-
mentalities of matter or of mind, the Divine is, in-
directly, in all law, and is the all of law. How-
ever remote the stream of law from its source, its
connection is continuous and eternal.* His will,
whether expressed in His word or written on His
works, is immutable, and embraces within its
range the worlds of matter and of mind.
Unless man is self-created and self-existent, he
must himself be subject to the will of his Creator;
and the laws man makes by permission, must ac-
cord with the law of God; must-derive their sanc-
tion from their agreement with and subordination
to the laws of God. If they war against His at-
tributes of Justice and Mercy, they cannot bind
the conscience, however they may compel the
act. Once clearly establish that a human law is
in direct and palpable opposition to the divine, and
its force, its sanction as a law, is gone. It has
ceased to be the will of God, and is no longer the
voice of the people. Itmay be the voice ofatyrant
or a fiend. Whether it be a British stamp act, or
ship-money act; whether the act of a King, or of
a British Parliament clothed with the highest au-
thority on earth; a decision of a Jeffreys, soiling
the ermine of the bench, or the proclamation that
Nebuchadnezzar made on the plain of Dura; or
the decree of Darius,' which, like the law of the
Medesand Persians, altereth not; the teachings of
"Holy Writ and of the fathers of the Revolution
instruct us that resistance to tyrants is obedience
to God. And it is better to bleed as our fathers,
suffer as Hampden, walk through the fiery fur-
nace with Shadrach, Meshach,and Abednego, or
be cast into the lion's den with Daniel, than to
give the sanction of human law to crimes against
God and man.
The momentous question for the people to de-
cide is, whether our nation, under the forms of
law, is to sink into a realm of despots and slaves,
or to rise into a glorious Republic of freemen?
Whether sterility and death shall finally spread
a pall over the land, or fertility and life make it
juoilant with joy? Whether the savannas of
