I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
141
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Election of Speaker—Mr. Corwin.
Ho. of Reps. .
per's Ferry to any source out of his own solitary
meditations, whatever others m^ght have stated
of their opinions, whether it is not more rational
to trace the germ of that conduct to those writings,
speeches, and letters of your own great men of the
South? They were great men; they were heroes.
They were the great men of the united States,
and the great men of the world; and, notwith-
standing you have changed your opinion on the
subject of slavery, and made it contrary to theirs,
yet their names, and their fame, and their opin-
ions, will be engraved upon the pages of history
when those of us of this date shall be buried in
profound oblivion. [Applause upon the floor and
in the galleries.] It is wonderful that the talent,
ingenuity, and eloquence of this discussion should
have come to such conclusions. Shall our minds
be fastened upon these flimsy pretenses, when we
know there was matter enough in the writings
and speeches of the foremost men of the world to
stimulate a mind like John Brown's into frantic
fanaticism ?
But it is said we are accessories after the fact.
I ask gentlemen if they have not attached too
much importance to the Helper book? When
Thomas Paine was indicted in England, Attorney
General McDonald, I believe, well known in
forensic history, gave him some notice of the fact
that he was to be tried for a libel upon the British
Government in th'e publication of his pamphlet,
"The RightsofMan." A friend of Paine advised
him to go over immediately and make some com-
promise with the Government. "No," said he,
" that indictment is an advertisement, and one
hundred thousand copies of that pamphlet will be
in circulation in three weeks." Ana so it hap-
pened. Those one hundred thousand copies would
not have seen the light, if it had not been for the
indiscreet conduct of the then Attorney General of
the British Cabinet. So such matters work out;
and so it must ever be in a country where prin-
ciples are free, and speech and press are free.
Some gentleman said, a while ago, that a man
who had been preaching in the State of Illinois
was expected to be caught by some law and pun-
ished for treason. God help the Government of
the United States, when it-has to walk into the
pulpits of the country to protect it from domestic
insurrection; when it has to choke the preachers
of the gospel and command them to cease to exe-
cute their Divine commission, or go to a lawyer
and get his opinion as to what is lawful and what
unlawful gospel, and pay him five dollars for it.
Our legal profession will begin to thrive in this
great pi ogress of free government. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, sought the floor
amidst loud cries of "Order! " Order!" from the
Republican benches.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I want only to ask
a question. Do I understand the gentleman from
Ohio, by his illustration in the case of Tom Paine,
to say that Mr. Sherman refused to deny his in-
dorsement of the Helper book, when the resolu-
tion of the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Clark]
was offeied, 111 order to secure its circulation?
Mr. CORWIJN'. I said nothing of the kind.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. The illustration
means nothing, if it has not that application.
Mr. CORWIN. I know I am obscure, for I
am imperfectly heard. I do not always understand
gentlemen myself. 1 meant to say that the reso-
lution offered by the gentleman from Missouri
[Mr. Clark] had been an advertisement for that
book, and had multiplied its sale, as was the re-
sult in the other case.
I do not know where to begin, Mr. Clerk. I
have left off in many places. While on this sub-
ject, let me say what, I think, will be agreed to
by every considerate man in the House and out of
it. Suppose all of the two hundred and thirty-
seven gentlemen here had met upon some concern
of great interest to us personally. Suppose that
some man was proposed to discharge a certain duty
for us, and it was known that tliis gentleman had
said or done something which might possibly be
an objection to him for the discharge of the duty to
be assigned to him. Any man who was a friend of
his would have taken him aside, (as the gentle-
man from Missouri might have done,) and said:
^ "Now, Mr. Sherman, you have been nominated
by a highly-respectable gentleman from Ohio."
[Laughter.] That is what I would have said.
Then he would have gone on: " I should have
my doubts about voting for you; but I understand
you have recommended a book which teaches in-
surrection and rebellion in the slave States. How
did.you come to do it?" Mr. Sherman would
have taken that gentleman by the hand, and said:
" Sir, a gentleman on this floor from New York
came to me, while I was hastily doing some busi-
iness at my desk, and told me it was desirable to
collate certain parts of a book called ' Helper's Im-
pending Crisis,' and to publish them in a cheap
pamphet, which pamphlet was to have a political
effect"—that is, to illustrate, I suppose, the doc-
trines of the Republican party. I suppose that
is what they all understood. "I asked him,"
Mr. Sherman would say, " is it all proper, all
right? Said my friend, ' certainly.' Then, with-
out looking at the k>ok, and knowing nothing
about it, I authorizedliim to put my name to a rec-
ommendation of a book yet to be written. When
I saw the work, J did not indorse it. I am sorry
that 1 was thoughtlessly and unwittingly brought
into this recommendation of it. I never intended
to indorse such a book. The gentleman from New
York told me it was all right."
Sir, I do think, under that explanation, the gen-
tleman from Missouri would have taken his seat,
and said, "After all staged in the New York
Herald, there is nothing against Mr. Sherman
except that he acted unadvisedly, for which he is
now sorry." He would not, if he had been his
political friend, have risen and menaced him with
a criminal prosecution. Ciiminai conduct is al-
ways to be found in the intention of men. I sub-
scribe to a newspaper, to be printed for six months
or a year, I put my name to the subscription and
recommend it. It turns out that the editor is a
rascal and a blackguard: am I to be held respons-
ible for what is published in that paper ? I think
the argumentum ad hominern might put some gen-
tlemen on the other side in a very odd position.
The gentleman from Ohio recommended the pub-
lication of a book—not a book which had been
printed, but a book to be made out of another,
which lie never saw in his life until this resolu-
tion of the gentleman from Missouri was offered.
Well, gentlemen say there is nothing to stain Mr.
Sherman's honor; and yet, honored as he is, and
unstained as he is in that particular respect, if he
should be elected as Speaker of this House it
would be a burning shame—the Union might be
dissolved, and civil war take place.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Who said that ?
Mr. CLAR.IC, of Missouri. I ask the gentle-
man this question: do you assort that I ever said
so ?
Mr. CORWIN. I was arguing upon the gen-
eral tenor of the speeches on the other side of the
House.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri I understood the
gentleman to say that I so asserted.
Mr. CORWIN. No, sir; not at all. I do^not
think anybody stated that, m terms.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. Hasanybsd^upon
this floor said so ?
Mr. CORWIN. No, sir. I said you argued
that civil war must come thus: the election of Mr.
Sherman—that was the first step; the next will
bo the election of Mr. Seward; and then war.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. The gentleman
never heard me assert that.
Mr. CORWIN. No, sir; it was said by other
gentlemen on thatside. Youmaynothaveheardit.
Mr. KEITT, (in his seat.) Plenty of them;
often and again.
Mr. CORWIN. I do not certainly misrepre-
sent gentlemen in what I have said. Now, what
is to follow ? We, the Republican party, if we
can, shall certainly elect these men, or somebody
| just like them. 1 wish to know what the casus
I belli is to be, before we set out; but all you can
[ say, all the world can say, will never preventany
i freeman in any free State, or slave State, I hope,
either, from exercising the right of suffrage just
when and as ho pleases. No menace from any
man, or a number of men living at my own door
in Ohio, I trust will ever avail to induce me to
surrender that great inalienable right, or shrink
with a craven timidity from its free exercise. I
can assure those who threaten disunion, because
the North or the West shall chance to vote for
whom they deem proper for President that no
more fatal mistake ever entered into the head of a
maniac than the supposition that threats from any
or all other quarters of the United Sttttcs will pre-
vent or deter a freeman in the North or West from
voting according to the dictate of his own unbi-
ased sense of duty to himself and his country.
Mr. Clerk, yesterday I intended to bring before
the House the constitutional doctrines held by the
Republican party, and compare them with the
doctrines held by the founders o/ the Republic;
and thus endeavor to prove, that when we declare
that Congress, under our Constitution, has the
power to prohibit slavery in the Territories of the
United 'States, before they become States, we pro-
pose nothing which is new, 'either in the princi-
ples or policy of those who founded this Govern-
ment; and that the practice and policy of this
Government, up to the year 1854, is in accord-
ance with the doctrines now held by the Repub-
lican party of this day.
I am' sure the history of the Government in all
its departments, legislative, judicial, and execu-
tive, will sustain me in this position. If so, then
I shall feel authorized to inquire of gentlemen on
the other side, by what authority you dare to de-
nounce us as holding principles fatal to the peace
or interests or liberties of the people ? Your apol-
ogy will be, public opinion is changed; the world
has changed its opinions touching slavery. I
admit that public opinion may have changed in
the South; and public opinion in the North may-
have been modified somewhat. The public opin-
ion of the world, however, against slavery ia
stronger now than it was sixty years ago. I know,
from the declaration of Mr. Calhoun himself, that
his mind did undergo a change in respect to some
constitutional points, and in respect to the pro-
priety and morality of the institution of slavery
But do not gentlemen know that ever since the
time when Jefferson said, when he contemplated
slavery in this country, he " trembled when he
remembered that God is just;" that ever since the
time when he declared that " nothing was more
certainly written in the book of fate than that the
black man one day would be free;" that from that
very time, and even before that time, the whole
moral sense of the highest minds of England had
been running in the very direction of abolition-
ism? We know, now, that the slave trade never
was legalized by any people upon the face of the
earth. We learn it from the great debates in the
British House of Commons, when the slave trade
was prohibited under the auspices of Wilberforce,
Granville Sharp, of Pitt, and Fox; we know that
the license given by Elizabeth to Hawkins ex-
pressly forbid him from bringing a negro from
Africa, force." We know that the statute
of George II., which was said to legalize that
trafHcf forbid that any African should be brought
away from Africa except by his own consent.
England is not so much to blame as we may sup-
pose for initiating the slave trade, though it is true
that she and all Europe acquiesced in it.
We know very well that, in the midst of that
universal excitement of the public mind which
prevailed during the reign of Elizabeth and subse-
quent reigns, touching the Protestant and Catholic
religions, and the establishment of Protestant-
ism, when all the powers of Europe were en-
gaged in fighting for the success of the Protestant
or Catholic Princes; we know that this affair of the
slave trade was a subordinate matter, and passed
unnoticed. Had England been in the calm which
she enjoyed afterwards in the time of James, I-
very much doubt whether there ever would have
been a negro slave brought from the coast of Af-
rica by force. But it has gone, and England,
during the last half of the last century, could not
boast of any very great mind m her Parliament
who was not opposed to the slave trade. And, as
the gentleman from Mississippi well said yester-
day, after having abolished the slave trade, the very
next step was the abolition of slavery m .Jamaica;
and I will add, with their views of the subject,
i; they were right. Our crime is, that our notions
j| about slavery, its morality and its evils, are such
!: as these men held. I do not-now speak of our
I right, under the Constitution, to touchit anywhere;
that I shall come to by and by. Suppose we do
j hold opinions touching the evils of slavery in
j common with the greatest minds that have ever
I illustrated the history of England—the greatest
