1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
563
practiced advocate could devise, is here united for
the purpose of entrapping the claimant for a fugi-
tive slave into circumstances under which it will
be almost impossible for liim to escape condemna-
tion under this State law to a fine of $5,000, and im-
prisonment in the State prison for five years. That
is the way that I read this law; and I presume that
those who advocated it in the State Legislature
must have avowed such to have been its purposes.
Why was it passed? If fugitives had been ren-
dered up in Connecticut on all occasions when
required, why the necessity of passing this law?
If fugitives had not been rendered up, as the gen-
tleman says, where, then, was the exigency for
this law? If fugitives had been rendered up be-
fore, they were rendered up under the Constitu-
tion and hiws of the Federal Government, and
this law was not necessary to help the master.
Can the Senator point to any ense in the State of
Connecticut in which a freeman was entrapped,
earned away, and sold as a slave? Can he tell
us what .the public exigency was, that required
this legislation? Can he account for it in any
other way than as a concession to that fell spirit
of fanaticism which has been characterized by the
Senator from Georgia, m language so severe and
at the same time so well deserved?
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. President, I am very much
obliged to the Senator from Louisiana for pro-
curing the act; because when the act itself is
before the Senate, the construction will be made
by each Senator for himself; and one word before
I read it, in regard to the construction of the hon-
orable Senator in rcspect to this act generally. I
understand him to hold that the meaning of this
act is, that when any southern man, whose
slave has escaped into the State of Connecticut,
comes there and reclaims him, or attempts to re-
claim him, fhis act in 1111 ended to impose fine and
imprisonment on him for making a claim for Inn
fugitive within the Stale, provided he shall not
succeed in making out satisfactorily that he was
his slave; and that these penalties are intended,
under such circumstances, to be visited upon the
master and owner of u slave.
Now, Mr. President, I have never known that
any man from the southern States falsely and
maliciously came within the State of Connecticut
and claimed any black man to be his slave. I
should not assume that any man living in any one
of the slaveholdmg States would do that thing.
Mr. GREEN. Will the Senator permit me to
ask him one question5
Mr. FOSTER. Certainly.
Mr. GREEN. Is there any law in Connecticut
thatimposes a similar penalty on any-man who sues
for land and fails to succeed in getting judgment;
or is there any law imposing a similar penalty in
any case where an alleged fugitive from justice
turns out not to be a fugitive from justice?
Mr. POSTER. If the honorable Senator will
read this law, he will see that this law applies to
no case where a man attempts to secure a fugitive
slave and fails in doing so.
Mr. GREEN. I ask an answer to the question
I propounded.
Mr. FOSTER. 1 am not aware of any such.
We have as many laws in regard to land as in
regard to negroes. This is no such law as the
gentleman acorns to suppose. If he will take the
trouble to read it at any time, I think he will see
it is not. This law imposes penalties on a man
who falsely and maliciously claims a freeman to
be a slave, who lays l ands upon, who seizes a
freeman, maliciously and falsely claiming that that
freeman is a slave. Of course, where he does it
falsely and maliciously, it excludes the idea of any
good faith on the part of a master pursuing his
slave. No such idea can' be in the mind of a man
who reads this act, vend who reads it in reference
ro its letter and spirit. The gentlemen assume that
it is aimed at a man who churns a fugitive slave,
and fails in making1 out his title. I say nothing
can be a greater perversion of the act. I appre-
hend there are laws m each of the gentlemen's
States who have questioned me on this subject
against kidnapping,against selhnga man as a slave
who was free. I apprehend such laws exist in
Missouii and in Louisiana; and it would be, in
my apprehension, just as fair for me to say to the
gentlemen that, under these circumstances, it is
meant to impose penalties on men who hold slaves
m< rely because they mistook a man who was free
for their slave, and therefore sold him. Of course,
under such circumstances, the man would not bo
guilty of kidnapping, because the essence of the
crime is in the intention. Where a man commits
the act willfully, knowingly, and falsely—mali-
ciously deprives a man of his freedom—that is a
crime, and thai is the crime which this law pun-
ishes; and I put it to cither of those Senators, if
a man willfully, falsely, maliciously endeavors to
reduce a freeman into a state of bondage, does he
not deserve the penalties imposed by this act? I
would appeal to the honorable Senator from Lou-
isiana with great confidence, knowing his love of
justice and fairness, whether this penalty is one
jot too severe for such a crime?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I do not contend that it is;
but I do contend that the spirit of that law is
simply this: First, any man who kidnaps a free-
man under pretense that he is a slave, shall be
punished in the way the gentleman states; sec-
ond, no man who owns a slave shall have the
means of proving that he is a slave. Therefore,
whenever a slave is claimed it will be shown that
he was free, and the mere fact of claiming a free-
man subjects a man to the penalty of the law.
The law really intends to cut off the evidence
which he must have to prove slavery, and there-
fore to make him guilty of the ciime created by
the statute itself—of attempting to kidnap a free-
man.
Mr. FOSTER. The honorable Senator is en-
tirely mistaken. I was not mistaken in supposing
that he judged this penalty to be none too severe
for the act which it punishes. He agrees with
me, that the punishment is in no way too severe.
Now, he says it is intended to prevent a man
claiming a slave from reclaiming him, by making
it difficult to prove. There is not a word m this
law that touches the question either of the char-
acter or the measure of the evidence which a man
attempting to rc clasm a fugitive slave shall present
m order to obtain a restoration of his slave. That
is left wholly to tli^ Congress of the United States,
who provide officers to execute this provision of
the Constitution, and provide in regard to all the
details of the proceeding, the State having nothing
to do with it; and under the Constitution, by the
decision of the Supreme Court, in the case of
Pngg vs. Pennsylvania, being excluded from
legislating on the subject.
Now, Mr. President, as the law is here, I will
briefly call attention to the only two sections
which impose penalties on this subject, thus veri-
fying what I said from recollection. The first
section, as the honorable Senator read, is:
l( Every person who shall )'al>e!y and maliciously d^olaie,
represent, or pi fiend that anv free poison entitled to free-
dom i-< a sOave or owes service or lafooi to any pei>on or
persons with intent to piocureor to aid or assist in pioeur-
ingthe forcible removal of such free person from this State
as a slave, shall pay a fine of $5,000, and he lmpiLsonedfive
years m the Connecticut State prison."
That punishment is, in the words of the act,
only to be imposed on a personi( who shall falsely
and maliciously declare, represent, or pretend that
any free person entitled to freedom is a slave." I
think with the honorable Senator that no man
who loves justice and liberty at the same time
can say that that is any too severe for that crime.
Now, sir, the other section where a penalty is im-
posed is this:
Every person who shall wrongfully and maliciously
seize or procure to be seized any tree person entitled to
freedom, with intent to have >>ur h fiee pei <on 1h:M m Kla-
veiy, shall pay a fine of ,$5,000. and be imprisoned five years
in the Connecticut State prison."
That is, where a person wrongfully and ma-
liciously seizes or procures to be seized a free per-
son entitled to freedom, with intent to have such
free person held in slavery, simply again reduc-
ing wrongfully and maliciously a free pcrsofi
into bondage. Our State would be derelict to its
duty if it .should not punish such offenses. Tin*
residue of the law is in regard to evidence which
shall be admissible on the trial of an individual
Avho shall be prosecuted under the act, and the
gentlemen take exception to the provision that
depositions are excluded from being heard as
testimony.
Mr. President, it is in almost all our States a
uniform rule in criminal cases, that depositions
are not evidence. That the accused shall be
brought face to face with the witnesses against
him, is a privilege dear to the heart of every man
who loves justice and who loves liberty. It is
for the protection of the accuscd that he shall not
have his rights or his liberty sworn away in de-
positions by witnesses whom he never saw, and
of whom he never heard till he hears their depo-
sitions read in court. He shall, under this act,
be confronted with his accuser, with the witness
who swears in the cause. He shall be entitled to
look each witness in the face. Thatis a provision
which every man—certainlyeveryinnocentman—
who is prosecuted for an offense, 1 trust would
always delight to have in the law $rhere he may
be prosecuted.. That is all there is to that, and
it is a provision in its general bearing for the pro-
tection of the party prosecuted. It is not any
rule as respects the evidence which a man claim-
ing a fugitive shall furnish in order that tie fugi-
tive may be delivered to him. If, under the laws
of Congress, such evidence is admissible on the
trial before the commissioner or judge appointed
by the United States, where the master claims
the restoration of his fugitive, it will be admitted;
this act docs not interfere with it, does not touch
it. It is for the United States to create the tribu-
nal before which a man claiming a fugitive from
labor shall go, endow the officer with the proper
authority, appoint the proper officers to adminis-
ter and execute the law, and this act of the State
of Connecticut does not propose to meddle with
these provisions in any, the slightest,' degree
Gentlemen may persist m asserting that this law
is unconstitutional and is fraudulent and docs
not mean what it says. Such aspersions as these
cannot be answered. They can always be made,
and it is never more difficult to answer them than
when they are perfectly groundless. If there be
anything in this act which is unconstitutional,
the honorable Senator from Louisiana, great as his
acuteness is, has* it seems to me, entirely failed to
point it out.
It was my object, Mr. President, to vindicate
my State from wfiat seemed to me to be unmerited
aspersions. That being done, I have nothing to
add.
Mr. BROWN. It is nearly four o'clock 
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator allow mo to
ask for a short executive session ?
Mr. BROWN. I am not going to move an ad-
journment, but to make another motion. I move
to postpone the further consideration of the resolu-
tion before the Senate, with the view of taking up
the resolution offered by me a few mornings ago.
Mr. CLAY. Pardon me a moment. I think
something was said on the other side which de-
serves an answer just here, and I shall not occupy
two minutes. The Senator from New Hampshire
asked the Senator from Florida a question to
which he made no response. He asked him
whether there was not a fugitive slave act in
Florida, requiring the rendition of fugitive slaves.
Mr. MALLORY. My friend will excuse me
for a moment. I did not dream that the Senator
from New Hampshire wanted a serious answer
to that question. He knows very well that every
slaveholding-State in the country has laws foi the
rendition of fugitive slaves as they have fojr the
surrender of every other description of property.
There is no dearth of law m my State, or in any
southern State that 1 know of, on that subject. I
may answer, too, that there is no law wanting in
Florida for the compliance of that State and her
citizens with every requisition of the Constitu-
tion, not only on this, but every other subject.
Mr. CLAY. The Senator from Florida has
relieved me from the necessity of saying any-
thing.
Mr. BROWN. I now move to postpone the
further consideration of this resolution, with a
view of taking up the resolution offered by me the
other morning. This resolution has been antici-
pated by the introduction of a bill which is now
before the proper committee; and I take it for
granted, therefore, that the subject of the resolu-
tion is disposed of; and, hence, it may as well be
laid aside, and we may take up my resolution, on
which I do not intend, now or to-morrow, to ad-
dress the Senate; but the Senator from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Wilson] is desirous of addressing
the Senate to-morrow, and can just as well do it
on the resolution I propose to take up as on any-
other.
Mr. W1LSON. I would as soon spsak on the
resolution of the Senator from Mississippi as on
any other, and perhaps would prefer to apeak
on it.
Mr. BROWN. Then I n^oyc to postpone the
