1584
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6.
the gunny South, and the green hills and valleys
of the North, shall ultimately be tilled by the
swart descendants of Africans or by our own
Anglo-Saxons ? Whether they shall resound to
the crack of the overseer's lash, or echo with the
cheerful sounds offree labor ? Whether the wide
plantation, with its princely mansion and circle
of huts, shall dot the surface of our western prai-
ries, and education languish, religion perish, art
decay; or whether along our jocund streams shall
rise thecottager's humble dwelling, garnished with
the woodbine and the rose; over' whose happy
threshold'the free boy, with his merry laugh,
bounds, with satchel in hand, at the tinkle of the
school bell; around whose checrful winter hearth,
while the winds whistle and the snow descends
without, gathers the sacred circle of home ; the
decent matron, careful of her children's hearts,
and minds,, and bodies ; the sturdy man, rough,
but contented with the toils of life, glancing with
proud eye upon the simple comforts that surround
* the casket of jewels that ho calls his own, and
watching with jealous care and manly pride the
gradual unfoldings of those germs of mind into
the graces of a genuine manhood and priceless
. womanhood; knowing that no rude hand will
sever the golden chain of love that binds his will-
ing heart to the sharer of his life-long joys and
sorrows; sure that the nurselings of his caie,
around whose hearts are twilled the fibers of his
own, will not be torn rudely from his embrace;
sure that the daughter of his heart will on the
morrow meet him with glad eye and joyful lip;
sure that the boy whom he expects to support h is
steps, as they grow feeble with age, will, at the
appointed time, take his place, and supply his
vacant chair; confident that the circle of home,
knit together by the holy ties of affection on earth,
consecrated to works of use to the neighbor below,
will be,gathered again into a holier and happier
circle on high, to dwell forever in God's widcr
realm of active rest and nobler kingdom of use
above—the perfected fruit of obedience to the laws
of God, which ripens best where the sun of liberty
shines upon man and society with unclouded ray,
and gives free scope, under the influence of free
institutions, to the unshackled faculties of body,
• mind, and heart, to unfold into perfection?
Eternal vigilance is the price of liberty; not vi-
gilance in Congress or in courts; not in Kings or
Presidents; not in lords or aristocracies; but in the
people. Power, in its very nature, is cumulative
and aggressive. The principle of attraction ap-
plies to all recipients ot power, as well as to the
globes of space. The larger body draws to itself
the smaller; the aggregated mass the scattered
particles; and nothing but the centrifugal will
overcome or neutralize the centripetal force. Ac-
tion, activity, ceaseless activity, eternal vigilance,
is the preservative of all things. No receptacle
of the delegated powers which inhere only in the
individual man is free from this attractive influ-
ence. A knowledge of this tendency made our
fathers make this Government one of checks and
balances. For this purpose, making the grants
of power as limited as possible; separating, by as
distinct lines as practicable, the great body of
power remaining in the people from that imparted
to the States, or delegated to the Federal Govern-
ment. In the Federal Government, separating
and defining the functions of its various depart-
ments, thereby making the abuse or assumption
of power more easy of detection, and enhancing
the responsibility of the public servant; sedu-
lously providing against the absorptive influence
of power by the Government, by leaving the great
bulk of individual freedom and sovereignty un-
delegated in the people, and by providing for the
resumption, through peaceful methods, of any
power delegated which the people might deem in-
jurious to their rights; by short terms of office
and frequent elections, keeping alive that active
interestm governmental affairs amongthe people,
upon the constant exercise of which the safety of
the whole depends; lastly, by affording the am-
plest protection which the most sacred guarantees
could afford to the absolute and inalienable rights
of the citizen-. The President,as Executive, was
to have no legislative, no judicial power, but his
'jualified veto was a cheek on hasty or unconsti-
tutional legislation. The Senate, as.a coordinate
branch, in its right to make treaties and confirm
nominations to office, was to be a check upon
the executive functions; in its power to try im-
peachments, a limitation of and chcck upon the
judicial; in its authority to originate and to adopt,
or reject or amend laws, a check on the represent-
ative branch. Whilst the House of Representa-
tives, coming directly from the people^ and near-
est to them in feeling, was intrusted with the
power to raise revenue, to hold the purse of the
nation; with the power to impeach all the officers
of the Government for official crimes; and, to-
gether with the Senate, the sole power to declare
war, and to pass all laws within the limits of the
Constitution. Independent of both the executive
and the legislative branches; selected for their
great learning, for their pure and spotless char-
acters; lifted above the corruptions of the other
branches of Government; freed by the tenure of
their office, and by their pursuits as jurists, from
all motives of earthly ambition likely to conflict
with the faithful discharge of their duties; with
no responsibilities but to God and their own con-
sciences—to the Supreme Court of the Unio-n was
intrusted, as to the cherubim of old, the flaming
sword of Justice, " which turned every way, to
keep the way of the tree of life." Above all, and
over all, the purifier of them all, the check on all,
the source of all the- powers of the Government,
with Argus eyes, the sovereign people, with eter-
nal vigilance as their motto, watch the movements
of the mighty mechanism of their hands, ready
at the needed moment to correct, through the sov-
ereign energy of their potent will, the first en-
croachment of any part upon the appropriate
functions of another.
This Government of ours—thus constructed,
thus guarded—is a mighty instrument of progress.
But as it moves along the shining years, freighted
with the hopes of humanity, the ceaseless, the
fearless, the virtuous vigilance of the people, can
alone make its movements safe, can alone repress
and confine its elements of power witlnn their ap-
propriate limits, and keep Govcrnmentand people
from being plunged into the gulf of despotism,
down which the stateliest Commonwealths have
toppled into shattered fragments.
" The cm! of Government is to perfect
The human spirit."
The laws which should govern the individual
man should steadily have this object in view—
the perfection of the human spirit. All violations
ot the laws that govern the individual man delay
or frustrate this end. The social laws which reg-
ulate man's relation to his fellow-mail have all the
same object. Without subordination to the phys-
ical, moral, and religious rules, which are intended
to govern man, as an individual and as a social
being, then; can be no true progress, liy the op-
eration of those laws, under the Providence of
God, the capacities and powers of the individual
gradually unfold and grow into a genuine man-
hood. Robust and vigorous health attend only
upon purity, temperance, and exercise. Cheer-
fulness of temper, serenity of mind, holiness of
affection, unci power in execution, consist best, if
not only, with the robust and vigorous animal
health, which is the fruit of obedience to the laws
ot our animal nature. A sane mind 111 a sound
body, is a maxim not less true than trite. But
health of body is but the base, the foundation of
the superstructure. Its sensational capacities arc
but the goldengates through which stream in upon
the intellect images of the world without; the il-
limitable treasures that are gathered from the mine
of the universe: the " wafted odors" that assail
the sense of smell; the Hesperian fruits that melt
into the joys of taste; the music of the woods;
" Tiie many touts of air and earth anil sea,
All instruments ol melody., that change
Still ;ui to innate ; ye.i, the ait that gives
To every thought and love its voeal power
the glories of nature, the purple flush of morn and
eve, the " starry canopy on high,"allthe blended
beauties of art and nature that stream upon the
eye, and all the joys of touch that thrill the frame
— all this sensational wealth, daguerreotyped
upon the human soul in an image and likeness of
the visible universe, with all its vast and compli-
cate phenomena—these stores of wealth, which
constitute the rudiments out of which the grand
architect which dwells within can build, with end-
less diversity, stately structures to adorn the
slopes of all coming time—these are but the adorn-
ments of the vestibule to the temple of the soul;
for all these may stand as stony statues in the
dome of thought, as lifeless as the marble and as
cold. Man may
" Yoke the patient years,
To plow the fallow fields of history
For buried treasures;
11 Gather the ripe fruit of all sciences
" Drink deep of the Hesperian spring
and yet sink below the level of the beast. Phys-
ical power, mental culture, vast attainments in art
and science, leave the soulacold and barren waste,
until the Promethean fire descends, until the vital-
izing principle of love penetrates and permeates
the dome of thought—not self-love, not love of
the world, not love of " the world's applause, the
body's pleasure," but the love of the neighbor,
the love of God; that love which makes the thorny
path of duty more joyous than beds of roses; that
love which prompts to works of usefulness; that
love which wears the crown of thorns and bears
the bloody cross. When such love enters and
fills the human soul, the stony statues turn to liv-
ing fiesh; the torpor of death springs into the en-
ergy of life; a glorious sunlightfiUs the thoughts;
holy aflections sally out in messages of love, and
come back from their deeds of mercy, laden like
bees with honey. From under the threshold of
the dome pours forth the river of life, fertilizing
in its course the lands it overflows. The dome of
thought is no longer opaque, but like a diamond,
radiates the beams of the sun of righteousness;
for then man becomes the Shekinah of the Al-
mighty Through him streams the Divine wisdom;
from him radiates the Divine love, in him lives the
Divine power, enlightening,elevating, energizing
every faculty of his nature. Then man glows in
the image and likeness of his Maker, and the
promise is fulfilled.
Such is an imperfect and hasty sketch of that
perfection of the human spirit, which is the only
legitimate aim and end of human government.
When the human soul is so perfected, it is a
heaven; it may be here on earth; for the kingdom
of God is within us, and mental state depends,
not so much on the amount of what we know, as
on the proper application or use of what we know.
Buried knowledge is a sepuleher; and whether it
be a single grave or a pyramid, within it is noth-
ing but dust. Slavery is the sepuleher of knowl-
edge thus buried. It is a chain upon the body,
a manacle on the mind, an icy fetter round the
heart. Growth—normal, healthful growth—is
impossible to the slave. As well expect the rose-
bud, encased in ice, to unfold its petals, as to ex-
pect the germs of intellect and affection in a slave
to unfold into a genuine manhood or priceless
womanhood. From animal indulgence,all the re-
straining influences, save of fear, are cast aside.
Mental culture is stopped in its beginnings, by a
sensual, toilsome, and hopeless life. The rudi-
ments, the alphabets of knowledge, are cut off
from him. The fires of intelligence are smothered,
and in their stead the somber pall of brutal igno-
rance and stolid indifference o'ercanopies the soul.
Within itsfirmament shine no luminaries, twinkle
no stars. The ample page of God's works writ-
ten on the face of nature is dimmed and blurred;
and the will of God, revealed in his word, is al-
most unknown, because the power " to search the
Scriptures" is denied. His affectional nature is
perverted at its source. §elf rules supreme. The
fountains of affection are turned in upon himself.
The outlets are all blocked up. He can become
an image only of those pestilent pools which re-
ceive but never issue forth the springs of the
mountain—whose stagnant and slimy wave be-
comes the home of the reptile, and from whose
putrescent surface rise the miasmatic vapors of
death. His love cannot go forth, save in adulter-
ous lust to her whose chaste affections should
build around him a panoply of power to resist
every impure desire. His affections cannot weave
themselves into the interests of his offspring, stim-
ulating him to self-sacrificing toils for their tem-
poial good, and to a stainless life, in the paths of
duty, as an example to lead them to eternal happi-
ness. His love of country, that ennobling element
of moral and mental wealth, has no scope for ac-
tion. No common interest makes him ready, like
Wincleried, to gather the spears of his country's
enemies into his own bosom; 110 temple of fame
lifts its airy dome in tl* distance, calling forth
the dormant energies of his soul, to climb the
steep where it shines afar. The -toil-worn body
—the darkened intellect, the dwarfed and blighted
affection—is the lot of the slave. Say not his lot
