564
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
consideration of this resolution, with a view of
taking up the other.
The motion was agreed to.
PROPERTY IN THE TERRITORIES.
On motion 9f Mr. BROWN, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution submitted by
him affirming the right of citizens of every State
to take into the Territories every description of
property recognized under the Constitution, and
the laws of any of the States.
Mr. BROWN. 1 move that the further con-
sideration of the resolution be postponed until to-
morrow at half-past one o'clock, with the under-
standing that the Senator from Massachusetts,
and not myself, is to occupy the iloor.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. MASON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some lime spent m executive session the
doors were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 24, 18G0.
• The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. J. L. Elliott.
The Journalof yesterday was read and approved.
THE SPEAKERSHIP.
The CLERK stated the question to be upon the
point of order raised by the gentleman from fowa
[Mr. Curtis] on Thursday last, on which the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Coiuvin] was entitled
to the floor.
Mr. McCLERNAND. With the permission
of the gentleman from Ohio, I would make a brief
explanation in regard to a matter which is only
worthy of notiee because it involves a personal
reflection upon myself. A few days ago—on last
Wednesday, I believe—having the lloor for a lew
minutes before the adjournment of the House, by
the courtesy of my friend from Arknnsus, [Mr.
Hindman,] for tiie purpose of making a brief
explanation, to d< fnie mv position upon certain
political questions, and for the purpose of reading
certain of a scries of resolutions adopted by the
Illinois Democracy in convention assembled, \
proceeded, sir, to make the remarks wlueh aie
reported in the paper—the Globe newspaper—
winch I send to the Clerk's desk to be read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
<c Mr. MrOi.r.un \ n . With the peimi-^lon of my friend
from Aikans,is, I will mnke u few remarks
"Mr. U indm \n . J yield to the gentleman from Illinois
for the purpose ho has mentioned. I >ield tempoiauly.
" Mr. McCi.krn wn. I am awaie that it cannot concern,
thin ilouso or the eountiy hut veiy Utile, if any, what may
he my opinion upon the question of siavety in the Temto-
ries under The Constitution : jet, an I am included m the
call made Ik the gentleman tiom New Y(>ik|Mi. 1'aiteiJ
to answer upon this que-turn, I will In icily do so; nottli.it
I recognize his light to make -ueii a call, or that I .sympa-
thize tn the spa it of hostility to the Demon,me p.nh ui
wind) it was made 1 an -u ei, sir, sun pi) heeau-c I choose
to do so.
"I am awate, sii, that there arc come dilVeienccs of
oplnhm between Democrat*, patlieularly between north-
ern and <.outhcin Ucmoerats upon this question. Rut these
diUfrrenceH are rathei abstiaet than practical, and should
not be allowed at this time to divide and disti.ict the enei-
gics of the Democratic party They should not be allowed
to divide us in the face of an eagerand embattled foe, whose
battelingiatns aie now playing w uli lumoih ellect upon the
temple ot ourhbertu-—upon tho Constitution it-'eli. These
diiTeicncc-:, whatever they may he, should be settled witlnn
and by the Democratic paity, and that, too, in a spit it of
forbeaiaiico and conciliation. And 1 wish to inculcate tins
truth, tlu«« high and impeiioiB duty, with the 1 idlest loice,
upon all Democrats.
" Slavery, a^ a subject of agitation m Congie«5, has boon
productive ot infinite mischief and no good, Both the fiee
States and the slave States have been injmod bv it; nor lias
slavery, in any instance, been eithei extended oi te*tt<imud
hy congressional legislation. I in lespeu to slavm
in the Territories- A higher law than any to be pa-^ed by
Congress mu-.t and will control tins question—the law of
geography, climate, and soil; the law ot self-interest, which
underlies and controls e.vciy commumtj*. X ui<ght cite the;
liistoiy of the country m suppou of this assertion ; but f
will not stop to do so now.
''In respect to slavery m the States and Teiritonos J
Mainl upon the principle of non-mteucreiife hy (Congress
upon the subject. I standhipon the same pimciple, m that
connection, atliimed b\ the national Demociacv m conven-
tion assembled at Cincinnati in 1853. And while I would
not have Congress to legislate slavery into any State or Ter-
ritory. nor to exclude U theiefroiu, I would, in the language
Of the Kansas-Nebnu.lv.i act. - leave tho people theicuf per-
fectly nee to form and regulate their dome-tic institutions
in their own way, subject only to the Constitution of the
United States.' ' And when 1 say this, I Include slaveiy as
an institution coming within the meaning of domestic in-
stitutions.
"Now, while this is my position, I admit that the power
of a Terntonal Legislature to prohibit slavery within the
limits ot the Terutmy u a judicial question to he decided
by the riupiemo Couit, and'not a political question to be
decided hy any party oi paityplatloirn. And 1 will add that
if, when lhi-5 question como-> pioperly before the Supiemo
Couit, and that tribunal should decide against the power, I,
tor one, will acquiesce m the decision and obey it. IJut if,
on the other hand, the decision should be in favor of the
power, I shall expect that Democrats differing from me on
this question will, on their part, acquiesce in and obey such
decision. [' Yo«4!'£ Yes!> was answered by several mem-
beis on tlie Democratic side.]
"To show, Mi. Clerk, that the opinion I have expressed
upon this question accords with the sentiments ot the Illi-
nois Democracy, X read the following resolutions, winch
were adopted by the Demociatic State convention, held on
the 4th instant, at Spungficld :
l" 1. That all questions pertaining to African slavery in
the Territoiiofe shall be toiever banished from the Jiallb oi
Congress
"''2. That the people of the Tenitoiies respectively shall
be ielt peiiectiy ftee to make just such laws and regulations
in respect to slaver}, and all other matteis of local concern,
as they may deteimme tor themselves, subject to no otiier
limitations or lestrictions than those imposed by the Con-
stitution of tho United States. * * * * h
"'That whenever Congress, or the Legislature of any
State or Territoiy, shall make any enactment, or do any
act which attempts to divest, tin pair, oi piejudice an\ light
which the owner of s.lave* or any othci s-p^eies of piopei ty
may have or claim in any Tenitory, or el-ewhere, In virtue
ot the Constitution or otherwise, and the paity aggrieved
shall bring his. ease bel'oie the Supreme Court of tho United
States, the Demoeiaey of Illinois, as in duty bound by then
obligations of fidelity to the Const itutiom will checi'ully and
faithiutly ie?pect and abide by the decision, and u^e all
Uiwtul mean-* to aid m giving it tail effect according to its
tiue intent and meaning '
"The«e resolutions alliim the doetnne held by the Illi-
nois Demociae\ upon the mooted questions to which they
relate I stand upon tliein and hv them.
"Mr. Farnswoutii, Will my colleague allow the rest
of the ie-eiiU!ons to be lead r
'• Mi. McCi.j hnasd. (.'eit.unlv Mj colleague can have
them lead, if he choo.-es to do so. "
Mr. McCLERNAND. It. will ho observed by
the House that a brief colloquy between my col-
league and myself concludes the remarks which
have been read. My colleague recurring to the
same subject the next day, but one, and alleging
that an error existed in the report of that colloquy,
proceeded to correct it, stating that I did not say
" my colleague can have them (the resolutions)
read if he chooses to do so;" but that I did say
'May colleague can have them read wluu he can
yet the lloor for that purpose/'
After thi;s recurrence to this subject, and a fur-
ther biiif colloquy between my colleague and
myself the [louse adjourned over until Monday.
Yesterday i sought the lloor to make the explana-
tion I propose to make now; but as I saw my col-
league was not in Ins seat, I desisted. I therefore
proceed now. I wish to state now what I said be-
fore in substance in reference to this alleged differ-
ence—tb.it is an unsubstantial difference. And
I say further, without intending any disrespect to
my colleague, that it is a frivolous difference, and
a quibble upon mere words of which Im complains.
I'm my M>ilrae,ue nut only insisted upon that
error; but, according to tho report of his remarks,
he went further and said, in the same paragraph
from which i have quoted, what I shall now read:
" Afterwards hefoie he [meaning me] had concluded, 1
ro^e again and called the attention of the House and the
gentleman to the tact that a poition of the icpoluttons
adopted bv that convention had not been read, but u ere
n/p],jessed.'*
But, in order to state the case fully, I will read
what I have just redd, with its connections:
" Mr. worth. Mr. Clerk, that repoit of the col-
loquy that took place is not coneet. f lequestcd that the
balance of the resolutions should he icad. The leply of
my colleague was that J ( ould have them icad u hen I could
get the floor toi that puipo-e AfterwauK bcioic he had
concluded, 1 lose again and called the attention <>| tlie
House, and the gentleman to the lact that a poition of the
resolutions adopted It} that convention bad not been lead,
hut >rcr>' sujiprctsctl.
" Now, sn, ( vvi^h to have lead those icsolutions that
wete adopted by that convention, and w Inch were omitted
by my colleague.
*' Ms. 1 jOgan. Read them all.
" Mi. Farnswortii. Mr. Cleik, icad the two icsolu-
tions I have marked.
••Mr. McClcrnand. T hope the. gentleman will have the,
vhole. seucs read, as he ceen)'- to be veiy anxious to have
them befoie the country. I appiovo them.
" Mr. Farnswortii. I ask the Cleik to lead the two
icsolution^ wIik h 1 have indicated, and uhich were skipped
ly my codeazuc.''
Now, sir, it will be observed that { am, in two
places in this colloquy, charged by my colleague,
m effect, with having suppiessed certain oC a se-
i nes of resolutions adopted by the Illinois Democ-
| racy in convention assembled, for the purpose of
! concealing them from the public view. Now, I
wish to say that this charge is totally unfounded.
I assigned, at the time that my colleague called
upon me to icad the resolutions which he de-
sired to have read, as my reason for not doing
so, that they did not consist with the line of
my argument. I declined to do it. I left it for
him to do. I was under no obligation to him to
extend my remarks by introducing what I con-
sidered irrelevant matter. The charge, therefore,
which is involved in the words which' 1 shall
italicise, for the purpose of identifying them, is
without foundation. Furthermore, the words
used to convey the charge were not used by my
colleague in the debate on the occasion referred
to. They are a spurious addition to what he did
say on that occasion.
Now, I wish to say that I would not have trou-
bled the House by going into a matter of this kind,
but for the fact that the addition to the remarks
which my colleague made m the House—made
after the debate was closed, and made, as I think,
without authority—involves the imputation of a
design upon my part which I certainly did not
entertain or have. It. was an unparliamentary
reflection upon me, and I have risen for the pur-
pose of meeting it and repelling it.
Nov/, with regard to the resolutions which the
gentleman wished to be read, 1 may say this, that
one of the resolutions which I had had read cov-
ered the ground which the gentleman wished to
have covered by another resolution. In other
words, I read an equivalent resolution to one of
the resolutions which the gentleman insisted on
my having read. I read a resolution declaring
that Congress ought to have nothing to do with
slavery—a resolution deelaiing " that all questions
pertaining to African slavery in the Territories
shall be banished from the halls of Congress."
That certainly expressed the opposition of the
Illinois Democracy to the enactment of a slave
code for the Territories.
The other resolution which my colleague wished
read, affirming that the Supreme Court had not
decided that a Territorial Legislature did not pos-
sess the power to establish or prohibit slavery—
that resolution had been read several days before
by my colleague from the Q,uiney district, [Mr.
Morris.] So that there was no ground for the
complaint of the gentleman that I would not pause
in my remarks to have read the resolutions which
he desired to have read. 1 had stated what was
the position of the Illinois Democracy, on these
two points, as broadly and conclusively as it is
stated in the resolution that my colleague desired
to have read.
I must apologize to the House for troubling it
with this subject. I know it is distasteful to the
House to have matters of this kind brought before
it; and it is certainly very distasteful to me.
Mr. FARNSWOltTH. It will be recollected
by the House, that while the gentleman from
New York (Mr. Carter] was making his speech
the other day, the question was propounded by
him to several gentlemen of the southern Opposi-
tion party, of the Administration Democracy, and
of the Douglas Democracy, as to what their posi-
tion was in regard to a slave code for the lerri-
torios. The House wi-11 well remember that that
question was put by Mr. Carter to these several
gentlemen. They well remember the reply of the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Botellr,] of the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Moore,] and of
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cox.] The latter
gentleman was interrupted by Mr. Stout, who
declared that he had no right to speak for the
Oregon Democracy.
Now, when my colleague, Mr. McClf.rvand,
took the iloor to declare what was the position of
the. Illinois Democracy, he sent to the Clerk's
desk certain resolutions adopted by the Douglas
party of that State, recently in State convention,
and directed the Clerk to read particular resolu-
tions'in that series. The resolutions to which he
called the attention of the House were, first, one
in regard to the right of the people of the Terri-
tory to do whatever they pleased, subject to the
Constitution — that old, hackneyed resolution,
which they have been m the habit of adopting on
all occasions, and which amounts to nothing; and
another, in which it was declared that, when the
Supreme Court should get the question before
them and decide it, they would bow with proper
deference to the decision of that court, whatever
it might be. After the Clerk had read these two
