2528
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1.
Mr. HEMPHILL. That weekly service goes
up to Missouri; the Butterfield route goes semi-
weekly up to Missouri; and yet it is contended
that this line ought to be reduced to semi-monthly;
and it is said to be a great deal too much at that.
Mr. YULEE. I have no doubt the Postmaster^
General has discontinued wherever there is double
service; but I wish my friend to understand that
I was not attacking his service; I was merely de-
fending the propriety of the curtailment made by
the Department, and objecting to the provision
for the restoration of that old service. I did not
enter upon the present service as it now stands.
Mr. HEMPHILL. I do not wish any resto-
ration from El Paso to San Diego. We do not
ask for a restoration of that portion of the route.
We only wish it restored from San Antonio to
El Paso, from the heart of eurown country to its
extremity. That is all we desire. It has been
reduced to semi-monthly on that route, and is now
discontinued, two hundred and seventy miles of
it altogether, and the Butterfield route substituted,
for it only carries letters.
Mr. BRAGG. Mr. President, it is not my pur-
pose to say more than a few words. This whole
debate—which I must be pardoned for saying, in
the course it has taken, is rather an unprofitable
one—satisfies me entirely of the impropriety of
our legislating here in relation to particular routes,
or undertaking to restore by one enactment all
the routes that have been heretofore discontinued
by the Department. We must leave some dis-
cretion in the head of the Department. We know
nothing here about the routes which gentlemen
arc discussing now, and the whole debate, instead
of being confined to the bill which comes from
the House, and which undertakes to restore the
whole service that has been discontinued, has
gone off upon collateral matters. Gentlemen have
routes which they desire to have restored, and
each of them is brought up here and discussed
fully and thoroughly, apparently, and yet not
one Senator out of ten, I suppose, understands
anything about them; and, taken as a whole, the
Senate is in perfect ignorance as to the entire sub-
ject. It is a matter which rests with the Depart-
ment, and ought to rest with the; Department.
Now, sir, what does this hill, as it comes from
the House, propose to do? It proposes that the
Postmaster General he directed to restore the in-
land service on all the routes under contract on
the 4th of March, 1859. It seems to be admitted
that there ought to be some exceptions to this
general restoration; and here comes my honor-
able friend from Vermont [Mr. Collami.k] and
undertakes to point out certain exceptions, and
offers an amendment to that effect. Some other
gentleman rises in his place and says there is an
exception. Then my friend from Texas insists
that a certain part of a route from San Diego to
San Antonio ought to be restored. So we go on
from one end of the chapter to the other. Every
gentleman who has a route that he wants to be
restored insists on that being made an exception,
and insists on the Senator from Vermont accept-
ing an amendment to that effect. As I remarked
before, the whole tiling goes to show that we had
better leave the matter with the Department. It
is admitted, by the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Vermont, that there ought to be some
exception to this general restoration of service;
that it will not do to restore all; that there are
glaiing instances in which the Postmaster Gen-
eral was bound to curtail, and ought under the
circumstances to have curtaiicd, the service; but
what docs the Senator from Vermont propose to
dor He is for making certain exceptions. Other
gentlemen are for making exceptions. Then,
when he is met with the objection that if he re-
stores the service the Postmaster General will
perhaps not, under the circumstances, feel him-
self authorized to discontinue it, he offers a fur-
ther amendment; and what is that?
"That nothing in this act shall be taken to deprive the
Postmaster General of the power to discontinue or curtail
service, including that hereby lestored, whenever, in his
opinion, the interest of the public will be thereby pio-
rnoted."
It will be noticed by Senators that the language
here is, " to discontinue or curtail'1 a line. I un-
derstand the honorable Senator from Vermont to
insist that, under that provision of his amend-
ment, the Postmaster General is not bound to re-
store any of this service, but may, at his discre-
tion, decline to restore it; although the bill says,
in so many words, that it shall be restored.
Mr. COLLAMER. That remark was made
on the operation of that portion of the amend-
ment which provides for not restoring the service
without the assent of the contractors. I think he
cannot restore the service, where he has dismissed
it, without the assent of the contractors.
Mr. BRAGG. I agree with you there.
Mr. COLLAMER. I put in the other provis-
ion for the purpose of excluding any conclusion
that he might not again discontinue or curtail the
same service. Some insisted that if we put up
the service by law he could not discontinue it.
To exclude any conclusion of that kind, I offered
the amendment. I say now that, under the bill
with the amendment, it restores the service, but
it enables the head of the Department to discon-
tinue any of it he pleases.
Mr. BRAGG. After it is restored?
Mr. COLLAMER. I think there is a great
difference between going to a man and asking him
to revise his decision, and to make a different de-
cision from what he has already made, and going
to him to ask him to make a decision in the first
place. He has nlade this, and put out his order
to these people to curtail or discontinue, because
there was a want of money. That was his letter.
I have that letter here 
Mr. BRAGG. The Senator is not answering
my question exactly. I do not think he touches
the point yet. I understood the honorable Sena-
tor to state before, in answer to the objection of the
Senator from Minnesota and others, that in rela-
tion to the one month's pay, in ease the Post-
master General discontinues any of the restored
routes, the Postmaster General would not be com-
pelled to make that additional payment, for the
reason that he was not bound to restore the ser-
vice.
Mr. COLLAMER. He is not bound to put it
in operation. The service is restored; but that
does not set the wheels of the coaches going.
That law will never start a couch wheel on the;
service. It is to be put m operation. That is for
the Department to do. The Department, before
actually putting it in operation, may take up each
case on its merits and never put them in opera-
tion at all.
Mr. FESSENDEN. You had better make your
amendment more definite on that point.
Mr. BRAGG. I understand the bill differently.
The bill says:
"The Postni.i-.tei General is hereby directed to restore
the inland semcc."'
There was a positive requirementupon the head
of the Department, in relation to which the De-
partmenthas no discretion whatever. Then comes
the amendment of the honorable Senator from
Vermont, which says that the Postmaster General
shall, by virtue of this act, not be considered as
being deprived of the power of discontinuing or
curtailing. In other words, there must first be a
restoration under the bill as it comes from the
House; and then the Postmaster General, notwith-
standing this enactment, is to have the power to
discontinue or curtail.
After the service is discontinued, the Senator
from Vermont says, you cannot compel one of the
old contractors to reenter into the service. Sup-
pose a new man comes m when the service is re-
stored—and the bill compels the Postmaster Gen-
eral to restore the service—and then, after it is
restoied, the Postmaster General discontinues or
curtails it, I should like to know if, under the law,
the Postmaster General will not be bound to make
an advance pay of one month. Undoubtedly; for
the service is, to all intents and purposes, a new
service.
Mr. COLLAMER. That one month's pay is
provided for by contract, not by any law. The
contract is ended. The man has got it. Now, if the
gentleman wishes to m&ke that certain, and really
desires to promote the service, he can easily amend
my amendment, which he has before him, by say-
ing that he may discontinue that service even
before putting it in operation.
Mr. BRAGG. I do not mean, of course, to
charge the Senator with anything that is not di-
rect and straightforward m this matter; but it
seems to me that, while the amendment professes
one thing on its face, its effect will be quite li dif-
ferent thing. If the purpose be merely to restore
the service, and give to the Postmaster General
power to discontinue it to instanti it is restored,
why not give him power in the body of the bill
not to restore it? Why restore a thing, and then
give him power, immediately on the restoration, to
discontinue it ? Why not say in the body of the
section that it shall not be the duty of the Post-
master General to restore service upon any routes
when, in his opinion, the same shall not be deemed
expedient or necessary? Why require him to
restore it for the idle purpose of discontinuing itr
I confess I cannot see any necessity, or any rea-
son, or any good sense, in such a provision as
that, with all respect to the Senator from Ver-
mont.
We all know that it is much more difficult to
cut down a service (and nobody knows it better
than my friend from Vermont, who has served in
that Department) than it is to restore one. It is
a pleasant duty to restore a service; but when a
service is in existence, and you undertake to cut
it down, a great clamor is raised throughout the
country; and there arc but few men who have the
nerve to face such a clamor as that. I believe this
service requires the curtailment that has been done;
and I am unwilling, in the dark, to undertake to
restore the whole service, even coupled with the
provision, which is contained in the amendment
of the Senator from Vermont, that the Postmaster
General, after it has been restored, shall, never-
theless, huvc the power to curtail it. I would
rather say in the bill, if something of the kind
must go m the bill, that there shall be nothing re-
quiring the Postmaster General to restore it; but
he may have the power to do it, if he thinks it
expedient and necessary. But I confess that I see
no reason for that at all, or for the section in the
bill whatever; but let it all go out, and leave it to
the Postmaster General to restore this service, as
he ought to do in the discharge of his duty, or
not, as he may deem best.
1 said this waw an unprofitable debate. I will
not consume time myself, and T beg the pardon
of the Senate. I hope we shall come to a vote,
instead of discussing these different routes, for we
shall never come to any decision if we waste our
time in that wav.
Mr. 1VERSON. The question, as I under-
stand, now before the Senate, is upon the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Vermont, as
modified by that offered by the Senator from
Maryland, the object of which is to exclude from
the operation of that portion of the House bill
which restores all this discontinued service cer-
tain routes which are specified in the amendments
of the two gentlemen from Vermont and Mary-
land. I shall vote for the amendment, because,
if the original proposition from the House shall
be insisted upon and passed by the Senate, it will
be, in my opinion, improved by the amendment.
The original proposition from the House restores
all the discontinued service. The amendmentpro-
poses to except from its operation certain routes
that, I think, ought to be excepted. The Senator
from Texas insists that it shall not include a por-
tion of the route from San Antonio to San Diego.
Mr. HEMPHILL. From San Antonio to El
Paso.
Mr. IVERSON. I understand that; but the
contract route is from San Antonio to San Diego.
The effect of the amendments offered by these
gentlemen would be simply to keep things as they
are in relation to that route. The route now is pur-
sued from San Antonio to the Camanchc Springs
or Crossings, where it intersects with the Butter-
field route; and neither the bill nor the amend-
ment proposes to discontinue that portion of the
route, at least.
Mr. HEMPHILL. It is only semi-monthly.
Mr. IVERSON. I think that is quite often
enough for the amount of mail matter thot is car-
ried, if it can be performed by horseback service.
A mail twice a month is probably quite as much
as they want. I think that will answer all the
necessities of the people in the lower partofTexas,
from San Antonio up. It will not restore the
service fiom Comanche Springs to El Paso, now
performed by the Butterfield route.
Mr. HEMPHILL. DidtheSenatorfrom Geor-
gia hear the weight of the mail read from the re-
port of the postmaster at New Orleans." 1 he
average weight of the mail is five hundred pounds.
