142
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
[January 24,
36th Co3ntgk...1st Sess.
Election of Speaker—Mr. Concin.
Ho. of Reps.
empire, in my judgment, upon earth—in common
with the great minds that founded this Republic.
Is it fair, because we have not changed, but still
adhere to those old opinions, to charge us with
being reptiles, traitors, and serpents? If it is,
then dig up from their last resting-place the bones
of Jefferson, and hang them up, as royal hatred
in England did Cromwell's for many a year. Go
to the sacred sarcophagus, now in the hands of
the women of this country, and get the bones of
Washington to-day, spit upon thum, and throw
them into the Potomac. He held the opinion that
slavery ought to beubolished when it could be done
with safety to both master and slave. No'north-
ern man goes farther than that. _ Gentlemen will
find that these things will lead us into singular con-
clusions after a while. I have shown that those
opinions were the opinions which illustrate the
history ot the world, and that they were openly
proclaimed by southern men, too, of whose great-
ness we all so justly boast.
' I was proceeding to show that Mrv Monroe's
administration had sanctioned the very law which
the Republican party say shall be passed with
reference to the Territories; and that is all they
do say. I grant you they stand upon that; that
is the only thing which they have ever announced
to the world intelligently, and, as a matter of law,
and.-doctrine, and practice. It was the departure
from that principle which gave birth to the Repub-
lican party. 1 know that in the platform read
here the other day by some gentleman on the other
side, there was something said about the inalien-
able rights of man, and there was a long quotation
read from the Declaration of Independence. Now,
if it has become a crime to quote the Declaration
of Independence, pass a law making it so, and wc
will obey it. I recollect that the celebrated John
Randolph oncc told a young friend of mine, who
was traveling with him abroad, that he (this
young gentleman) would live to see the day when
men would be called to order for quoting the Con-
stitution in Congress.
It seems now that a gentleman or a party is
entirely out of place when he or it quotes the Dec-
laration of Independence with approbation. Ilut
X do not construe it as mad enthusiasts do, at all;
nor does the Republican party construe it as they
do, as paramount to the Constitution. That Dec-
laration says that every man is born with certain
inherent, inalienable rights; these are life, liberty,
and the pursuit of happiness. I suppose that the
Almighty intended man to live, or he would not
have breathed the breath of life into him. Every
mail has the right to live; but he certainly may
forfeit that right whenever he violates the law. I
suppose everybody knows that. 1 have seen it
tried. Man has a right to liberty; but, in my
Htate of Ohio, if a mail breaks a pane of'glass,
and takes away a piece of goods from a trades-
man's store, all that inalienable right, as it is
called, cannot save him; and he is sent to serve ten
years ill the penitentiary, where he never gets
the floor, not even for a personal explanation.
[Laughter.] Man has a right to the pursuit of
happiness, undoubtedly; but if Brigham Young
came into the State of Ohio in the pursuit of hap-
piness, in his way, [laughter,] we would lead him
off to the penitentiary immediately. All these
things are understood by men who analyze them.
I know that they are too much abused by men
who take occasion to use these general expres-
sions—all of which are true in the sense in which
"these great men use them. They are truly much
abused; but I hope that the Republican party
will not be blamed for it, for they have as many
men m their ranks who understand them properly
as you have. We have schools and colleges in
the' West; but still we believe that there are men
on the eastern slopes of the Atlantic who, com-
paratively ignorant though they be, do still com-
piehend these truths. They have a Bunker Hill
there which rem mils them of certain things. They
had a James Otis there, and to him will history
certainly award the merit of having inaugurated
the doctrines of the revolutionary war.
A Member. He was a Yankee.
Mr. CORWIN. Well, I do not want to apol-
ogize for these Yankee barbarians. I only mean
to say that there is a prospect of their coming to
something, if we of the West send missionaries
to them. [Laughter.]
Now, I said yesterday that I could not suppose
that anybody believed that the Republican party
differed witfi the old men of the Confederation
who passed the ordinance of 1787, at the very
time they were making the Constitution. I.do
not think any man on the other side, orany side,
or anywhere in the world, can say to me that I
differ with the founders of the Republic, that I
differ with the men who made the Constitution, on
this subject. Why so ? I say that I agree with
them. My principle is to exclude forced labor—
negro labor—from every Territory where white
men can work well and be healthy. That is my
idea. But I do not know but I shall be turned out
of the Republican party by my friend there from
Illinois, [Mr. Lovejoy. J That is my doctrine, and
I say the founders of the Constitution and of the
Republic had that very ideagand put it into prac-
tice by excluding slavery, m 1787, from the en-
tire Northwestern Territory, now five powerful
States.
I now pass to the question of the poioer of the
Congress of the United States. If these men were
right in their policy; then I think that every gen-
tleman will say that we are equally right in en-
tertaining similar views. If the men of former
times had the truth with them in saying that it
was better, not alone for the present States, not
for the East, norfor the WVst, not for the North,
nor for the South alone, but for all of them; better
for the whole Republic, that the white children of
the father should go to a place where they could
work well and be healthy, better for these and
better for all, that the children of the white man
should have all that unoccupied land, if not two
hot for them. If they believed that they were right
m that, then 1 say wc will find power in the Con-
stitution, if we, by fair construction, can, to do
thai tight thing.
I think that! have established the point, at least,
that the Republican party proposes to do exactly
that which the makers of the Constitution did, a
year before the Constitution was made. They got
the power to do it under the old Confederation;
they had that power not merely by the consent of
the South, but at the urgent request of the South.
Now , have we the power under the Constitution
to do it? The gentleman from Mississippi [Mr.
Lamar] sugges'ied to me yesterday that the law
organizing tiiu Territory ol Orleans recognized sla-
very there. So it did. I wish, now, that section
of the law enacted m 1798, for the government of
the Territory of Mississippi, to be read.
The Clerk read, as folio,ws:
" Hec. 7. Jtnd U it further ennctei, That from and after
the establishment of the aforesaid government, it shall not
bo lawful for :my person or person-; to import or bting into
the said Mississippi Territory, troin any poitor place with-
out the limits ot tlic United State-;, or to cause or procure
to be .so imported or btoutrht, 01 knowingly to aui or assist
in so importim;, or bi nigmg, any slave 01 &Iav\s ; and that
eveiv person so olfcnchng, and being thereof convicted bo-
fore any court within said Territory having competent jui is-
diction, shall lorieit and pay, for each and every :>iave so
imported oi biought, the -urn of $300, one moiety for the
use oftko United States, and the other moiety tor the useot
any pei^oVo^peit-ons who shall sue lor the same > and that
every slave%o imported or brought shall thereupon become
entitled to, and receive, his or her freedom."
Mr. CORWIN. I have read that -section of the
law. Now, Mr. Clerk, to show that at that time,
in 1798, the Congress of the United States as-
sumed and exercised a power in a Territory which
they were forbidden by the Constitution to exer-
cise towards a State, is proof conclusive that they
at that time understood that they had the power
to make laws concerning slavery and the slave
trade in the Territories,
Now, sir, there are some other matters which I
have been looking at this morning, which I wish
also to read. About the year 1808, a gentleman
whom some of us remember well, being then a
Delegate from the Territory of Mississippi, (Mr.
Poindexter,) moved to change the organic law of
that Territory, so that the Governor should not
have the power of proroguing the Legislature at
his pleasure. Then, as is usual in deliberative
bodies, a discussion sprung up upon general ques-
tions involved. On that occasion a gentleman from
Georgia, whom I had also the pleasure to know
for some time—a Mr. Troup—made the following
remarks:
"By the articles of cession the right of soil and jurisdic-
tion was ceded to the people of the United States on the
express condition that the articles of the ordinance should
form the government of the Mississippi Territory, and that
they should not be governed otherwise. The inference in-
evitably is that the State of Georgia would not have ceded
but upon the express condition; and this inference is the
moie inevitable, inasmuch as in this clause Georgia has
made an express exception to a particular article in the or-
dinance ; from which I say that Georgia intended that no
other alteration should be made.
" What was the policy of the ordinance, and what the ob-
ject of its framers ? Why, assuredly, to render the govern -
ment of the Territories dependent on the Government of the
United States. And how was it to be effected? By making
the Territorial Legislature in a great degree dependent on
the Governor, and It tin absolutely dependent on the Federal
Executive. The moment we make the Legislature oi a Ter-
ritory independent of its Executive, we make it independ-
ent of the Federal Government." * * -v *
"But the gentleman from Mississippi Territory is cer-
tainly mistaken as to one point. He seems to consider the
Constitution of the United States as giving to the people of
the Tcrritoiies the same rights as the people of the States.
It is a init-taken idea, neither wart anted by the letter or
spirit of the Constitution; for, although the Constitution
lias declared that the people of one State are entitled to all
the rights and privileges of another, yet it has not declared
ttiat the people of the Territories have the same rights as
the people ot the States, in another part of the Constitu-
tion it is indeed expressly declared that Congress shall make
all laws for the disposal of the Territories; but there is a
salvo that all acta done and contracts made previous to the
adoption of the Constitution shall be as binding as if done
alterward. The articles of the ordinance were enacted
previously, arid are consequently binding under the Con-
stitution. It cannot be controverted that they were wisely
adopted, and have been salutary in their opciation. They
were fianied by the Congress of 1787,. composed of men
whose integrity was incorruptible and judgment almost in-
fallible. These articles, fiom that time to this, have tc-
mamcd unaltered, and carried the Terutorics,thiough diffi-
culties almost insuperable, to piosperity. And now, for the
first or second time, an alteration la pioposed,the conse-
quence of which cannot hefoieseen, without any evidence
that it la either necessary or expedient.
" The popu'ation of every new country must necessarily
be composed of a hcteiogeneous mixture of various tem-
pers, characters, and interests. In a population thus com-
posed it would be highly ridiculous to expect that love of
order and obedience to law would always predominate.
Therefore the old Congress wisely received to itself the
right to eontiol them; to give the Governor power, when
a Legislature became disorderly, to dissolve them; and for
the exercise of this power he is accountable to the General
Government.
"The gentleman from Mississippi wishes us not to treat
the Territories as ehildien, whose wild c\tiavagancie&may
require correcting by the indulgent hand of theii parents,
but as the equals of the States, without any other reason
than that which he states to be the situation ot the people
of bisTcriitory. They will ifext wish us to admit them
into the Union before their population will authoiize it;
1 tell us that that Tertitory does not grow fast enough, and
we must demolMi the system for their convenience."
Now, Mr. Clerk, it will be observed that, in all
the early discussions about the power of Congress
in relation to a Territory, it has been admitted that
Congress had entire control over its legislation
under the Constitution of the United States. I
would, if I thought it prudent in me, commend to
my Illinois friends ana to others, who contend for
this very plausible and captivating doctrine of
popular sovereignty in the Territories, to examine
what it was the great founders of the Republic
thought on that subject. 1 would advise them,
as the honest clergymen of Illinois, who are
about to be silenced by this law which we hear
of, would do: to give it their prayerful attention.
[Laughter.]
Mr. McCLERNAND. If the gentleman from
Ohio will allow me to ask him a question, I wish
to know—I believe he was a member of the Cab-
inet at that time—whether he approved of the
compromise measures of 1850?
Mr. CORWIN. That is rather departing from
the line of my argument. I will come to that after
awhile.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I thought the gentle-
man approved of those measures. [Cries of
" Order!" "Order!"!
Mr. CORWIN. I will reach that pointin order
of time; but I do not wish to speak of it or to it
now.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I will state, with the
permission of the gentleman from Ohio ["Or-
der!" Order !"J
Mr. TOMPKINS. I call the gentleman to
order.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I was about to say  
[" Order !" <h Order!" from the Republican side.]
I speak by permission of the gentleman from
Ohio. Gentlemen on the other side need not at-
tempt to gag me. [" Order !"]
The CLERK. The gentleman from Illinois
will suspend. The gentleman will remember that
several gentlemen have called him to order; and
