THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON B 0
 Thirty-Sixth Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, JUNE 2, 1860.
New Series No. 159. '
Mr. IVERSON. The service is performed now
on horseback.
Mr. HEMPHILL. Oh, no; by four-horee
post coaches. The Senator from Florida said it
was a horseback route because it was a star bid;
but it has always been run by coaches.
Mr. IVERSON. Very well. The Postmaster
General has, in his discretion, reduced that mail
to twice a month; and, of course, heactsadvisedly
on the subject, and understands the necessities and
proprieties of the service better than we can un-
derstand them. The object of this amendment is
not to curtail that route, not to interfere with
the route as it now stands, but to prevent the ex-
tension of the route fVom Camanche Branch to El
Paso; and I think, as the Butterfield route goes
over that same country, and carries all the mails
which arc carried there, that will probably be
quite sufficient.
Mr. HEMPHILL. The honorable Senator is
mistaken in that. The Butterfield line carries
nothing but letters.
Mr. IVERSON. I do not really suppose there
is any great necessity for carrying newspapers
, from San Antonio to El Paso. If the people in
the lower part of Texas get their letters carried,
I apprehend that is quite as much as they are
entitled to demand.
Mr. HEMPHILL. We have about seven
thousand inhabitants in the two counties of El
Paso and Del Norte, and they only claim to get a
newspaper mail once a week.
Mr. IVERSON. I apprehend that this mail
carries not only the letters, but carries all the pa-
pers in that section of Texas where theyare inter-
ested in newspapers. It carries them up, at any
rate, to where it intersects the Butterfield route;
carries them in four-horse post coaches, if they
choose to carry them in that way, or two-horse
post coaches. It supplies all the people ill Texas,
in the inhabited portions of the country, at any
rate, not only with letter matter, but with paper
matter; and that is all they want. In what are
the people of Texas interested in sending a few
papers now and then, one in a hundred or one in
a thousand, over int® the Mcsilla valley, into Ar-
izona, or to the Pacific coast? They do not care
anything about that. That is a very unimportant
matter. It is a mere bagatelle, about which I do
not think the Senator from Texas ought to con-
tend. Let the thing remain just as it is. They
have the facility of two hundred or three hundred
miles of mail contract from San Antonio to where
the line intersects with the' Butterfield route, and
that is all they want. That is going through the
settled parts of Texas, and supplies all the wants
of that portion of the country. I am not, there-
fore, for restoring the route between Camanche
Crossings and El Paso. Let it stand precisely as
it is.
But, sir, I am going to say that, when I vote
for these amendments, because I think they will
be beneficial, because I think they will improve
the provision which comes in the House bill, yet,
when I come to vote on the amendment proposed
by the Committee on Finance, to strike out the
whole clause, I shall vote for it even with the
amendments. I vote for the amendments first,
because they benefit the whole proposition; be-
cause they improve the proposition; and then 1
shall vote against the proposition of the House
bill, even with the amendments.
Mr. GWIN. Mr. President, as I anticipated,
the interoceanic service is to be the principal
source of attack by the friends and opponents of
the amendment. The Pacific mail service began
with the settlement of the Oregon question. It
then cost near six hundred thousand dollars for a
monthly service between NewOrleans, New York,
and Astoria, when there were not more than six
or seven thousand American citizens within our
possessions on the Pacific coast. The only in-
crease in th is service, after California came into the
Union, was in 1851, to make the monthly service
fiom Panama to Astoria semi-monthly, requiring
the contractors to perform the additional monthly
service for one fourth less than their original
159
contract price. So our mail facilities commenced
with a curtailmentof expense. This was our only
mail service to the whole Pacific coast for ten
years. Semi-monthly through two oceansand for-
eign territory, seven thousand miles'travel, Uven-
ty-five to thirty days5 time in transit, and the cost
§738,000. You could not expect an income from
postages of $5,000 per annum when you estab-
lished the route, and hence you put the expense
on the Treasury direct. Tlien came the experi-
ment of overland service. It first commenced in
reality in September, 1858, when the great over-
land mail route went into operation from St.
Louis and Memphis to San Francisco semi-
weekly, distancenear three thousandmiles, sched-
ule time within twenty-five days, pay $600,000.
It has now been in operation more than eighteen
months, not one failure, and always through
within schedule time. For the information of the
Senate—for I see you are very ignorant on the
subjcct—I will give you, as did ray colleague the
other day, a detail of the schedule time for many
continuous months on this great route, and winter
months included at that:
Washington, May 10, 1860.
Dear Sir: I inclose you the official returns of arrivals
of the overland mail at San Francisco, from St. Louis via
El Paso, foi the two quarters endine December 3], 1809,
and March 31, 1860:
October, 1859. 9 mails through—average time, 21£ days.
November, " 9 " " " " 21 "
December, (( 8 " " " *21| "
January, i860. 9 " " " " 21 "
Febiuary, " 8 " „ « " " 22J "
March, " 9 " " " " 22 "
Average time fur two quarters, 21 days 15 hours. The
time j?r>m San Fiancisco to St Louis will not materially
vary horn the above.
Fiom September 15,1858, the commencement of the ser-
vice, to this tunc, we have never made a failure, and have
ahvavs been within schedule time.
Very respectiully, youi obedient servant,
E. S. ALVORD,
Superintendent Overland Mail Contract.
Hon. William M. Gwin, United States Senate.
What else has this great experiment done ? It
has demonstrated that the mails can be carried
overland, not only on this route but on many
routes, and now we actually have propositions
before us from responsible parties to carry the
entire mail for the Pacific coast six times a week,
from the Mississippi river to San Francisco, with-
in twenty days, for #1,000,000 if you will abol-
ish the franking privilege, and for $1,250,000 if
you continue the franking privilege. What was
laughed at three years ago, and almostscouted out
of the Senate, as a monstrous, extravagant, and
impracticable scheme, is now a living reality, and
will continue to be so as long as this Government
lasts. The Senator from Georgia said, some days
ago, that it commenced service with a pouch of let-
ters that a man could carry on his back; not/; it car-
ries at the rate of over a hundred thousand letters
per month, is constantly increasing, and ten cent
letters at that. What else has it done? It has
brought the giant monopolies—great steam lines
from New York to San Francisco, and the Pan-
ama railroad—on their marrow-bones before Con-
gress. Instead of being dictators, they are now
willing to put up with the printed matter, and
carry that at reasonable rates. Abolish the frank-
ing privilege, and we will never need ocean ser-
vice to the Pacific coast.
What more has this overland experiment done?
It has aroused the enterprise of the country.
When it was found practicable, not only to trans-
port the mails daily across the continent, but with
great dispatch, an enterprising company started
ihe pony express; and now we have upon our ta-
bles intelligence weekly—soon to be semi-weekly
and daily—from San Francisco only eight days
old. What would my gallant friend, the Senator
from Oregon, [Mr. .Lane,] have said, when he
traversed the continent to assume the duties of
the first Governor of Oregon, if it had been pre-
dicted that the trackless wilderness, (so far as the
white man was concerned, trackless, but filled
with ficrce Indian tribes,) which it'took him and
his escort months to cross, would within a few
years be traversed within eight days? Such a
prophet would have been pronounced insane..
Yet it is now a reality", and a private enterprise
at that, without Government aid.
The Senator from Maryland [Mr. Peajice]
yesterday wept into an estimate to show what the
whole mail service would cost if the expenditure
throughout the Union was equal to that between
the Atlantic and Pacific coasts. The figures were
enormous, and the argument, no doubt, the Sen-
ator thought, would be crushing. Well,sir, what
is in the argument? We have possessions on the
Pacific coast. Wo coveted these possessions, al-
most got into war with England- about them,
actually got into war with Mexico about them,
and paid that Government $15,000,000 for Cali-
fornia. New Mexico we afterwards bought of
Texas for §10,000,000. I say we coveted these
possessions. You all recollect what a furor there
was about Oregon. "Fifty-four forty or fight,'' was
the watch-word throughout the length and breadth
of the land, and you had better have fought than to
have given up 54° 40'. Well, wegot Oregon,and
the very next*session of Congress you provided
measures for postal communication by the Isth-
mus of Panama. You had then six or seven thou-
sand people in your Pacific possessions, and you
paid near six hundred thousand dollars for mon thiy
communication with them. You increased it on
the acquisition of California to semi-monthly, the
entire cost $738,000 per annum; and thus it stood
for ten years. Within that period these six or,
seven thousand American citizens within our Pa-
cific possessions had swelled to six or seven hun-
dred thousand. We had sent you five or six
hundred millionof solid gold, that quickened your
trade,andmade you the greatestcommercialnation
on the globe; and all of this gold sent by this very
mail line that is now charged up against us as such
an enormous and outrageous expense because
the postages do not equal the subsidy. Not only
has the gold we sent you made you the greatest
commercial nation in the world, but it has en-
hanced the value of your property, real and per-
sonal, thousands of millions of dollars. Yet you
have begrudged us a semi-monthly connection
with you at Government expense, which enabled
us to pour into your laps the tons of gold we have
sent you.
Well, what further happened? After ten years
we wanted to communicate with youwithouttrav-
ersing oceansand foreign countries, and we asked
you for overland communication, and we got it;
and what is likely to be the result, if we legislate
wisely and promptly? For $J ,000,000 we will
get, daily, twenty days' service in lieu of semi-
monthly twenty-five to thirty days'service that
cost $738,000; and in the train of this daily rapid
service will follow an increase of letters by the
million annually, and our postalsystem will seon
be very nearly self-sustaining. You would have
possessions on the Pacific coast; quarreled about
them; fought for them; purchased them at mil-
lions of expense; established acostiy.monthly and
semi-monthly scrvice, which not only carried let-
tors, but brought hundreds of millions of gold
to your doors and made you the richest peo-
ple in the world; and yet this service is to be made
the scape-goat for all the evils of the postal sys-
tem. 1 know no parallel to this outrage to attempt
to throw upon the postal service to the Pacihc
coast the evils of a system that is worn out and
a failure; for our postal service is a failure. You
begrudge the expense of transporting our letters
to and from the Pacific coast. You do not com-
plain of our local service. It is less than any
of the new States have, and m California more
productive. It is the expense of the transit across •
the great plains and lofty mountains, or through
oceans and foreign States, that you complain of.
You knew these plains and mountains, covered
with perpetual snows, existed when you so eagerly
sought possessions on the Pacific coast. After
you got these possessions did you not intend to
communicate with them for postal, military, com-
mercial, and social purposes ? Did you not intend
to make us one people, part and parcel of you ?
Did the statesmen who shaped that policy count
