506
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
meat ago, talked of putting us all in the peniten-
tiary, and no point of order was raised on him.
I have no question but that Mr. Douglas and his
party would like to have the Republicans in the
penitentiary until after the next election. [Laugh-
ter.] But we do not intend to go the.re to please
him. We expect to get him and his party in a
tight place before we are sent there. '
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Will the gentleman
let me ask him a question ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman will
excuse me, I want to get through.
Mr. Clerk, my colleague has alleged that there
arc constituents of mine, in Illinois, who are en-
gaged in running off slaves. He has adduced no
proof of that assertion. It will be remembered
that some days ago, when my colleague and my-
self had a little debate on this floor, that he de-
clared there was no man anywhere in the Demo-
cratic party of Ilhnoisengaged in running oft' black
men contrary to the law. I, of course, could not
assert otherwise. Shortly afterwards, sir, 1 re-
ceived from Union county the following letter.
The Clerk will lead it, with tin1 exception of the
fourth page. The writer declares that he is a South
Carolinian.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Anna., Union Cotjnty, Ei.unois,
January 2, I860.
Sir : I write you this letter, that I, thiough you, may be
able to learn tiom Mr. Louan, it the following mode o[
dealing with black men U the law of (KgvptV 1 Ihnoi-* *
1. .Shortly after the Ottawa rescue, J. B. Jones, .1. Kitt-
le} , and Alexander McKecny, caught a negro and kept him
confined in Jone-'.« own hou^e tot sevetal da} «<, by and by
thinking that an owner could be found down the Missi-;-
f-ippi, sooner than m Anna. Mr. Kntiev (a- 1 am miormed
by a reliable man of oui town) got hIkmh! tin- can one
morning hetoie day with the negio in question; and whether
he had to go all the way down to New Oileans to lind an
owner, is not Known, though he was gone some weeks
before ho returned.
*3. George Eleins and Daniel liaitlet committed an as-
sault and battery on a noijio by the name ol (Jeoeje, by
knocking him in the head with a stone, then confined anil
brought him into town, placed him in the baek room of
Joseph Stone's lujuor shop,and kept him therefrom Tues-
day mglu till Thursday week thereatlor. (except what time
they had him m work on the -treet-;,) at which tune Mi
Elerns sells all he' right and title m the negio to Mr. .lone-,
lor one j okeof oven and wagon. Jones al,-o to pay half the
<\\-prnse> Bartlcf and Klein-! had been at; .lone- now ictuses
to pay any portion ol the expense;. So Kleni-> bring-; suit
again.-,t Jone«> to leeovei the money aceoiding to their con-
tsuot. Wo Jones gers John Pougheity to attend to the ca^e
tor him, and tells Klein- if he makes him (Jono-s) pay the
money, that he will put the law in loiee against them,
ttlems and Uaitlct, toi the unlawful sei/aue, and detaining
of the negro, f'o l)ougheity,-.< cing the eoui.-e thing- was
about to take, proposed n compromise-; ami JSIemsand Hau-
ler, finding themselves m n snap, piejetred to draw then
suit, lose their money, pay hall com, and qua oif even,
iMher than to mn the risk ol the State piison.
The foregoing ean he established by witne-ses enough to
hang Jojin A. hoovs (ptovided it was a capital otlen,M\
.ind jie the perpetuum) ju high as Il.unan. 1 have men-
tioned hut two acts heie.not but what I could name otheis
Mimlai, if it \v;^ neces.saiy; but these are enough to show
the fael-s as the) exist. Voui \ tiuly.
To the lion. John I-'. K \ knm\ oici h.
Mr. LOGAN. L want the name of the writer
of that letter.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will state tlmthe ways
himself that he is a South Carolinian by birth.
Air. LOGAN. 1 desire to know his name, that
it may be published to this House.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Very well.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Is any name signed to
the letter?
The CLERK. The name is M. M. Inman.
Mr. LOGAN. I want to know whether you
vouch for this man as a gentleman of veracity*
Air. FARNSWORTH. 1 do not know any-
thing about him. 1 only received the letter from
him.
Air. LOGAN. I want to know if you vouch
for any statement mnde in that letter?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Not at all. I know
nothing about the facts.
Air. LOGAN. If the gentleman cannot vouch
for the man or the facts, if js of no consequence.
Mr. McCLERNAND. This debate has wan-
dered very far from the point to which I rose, and
t want to bring it back to that point. It will be
observed that the discussion, to which my col-
league [Air. Fahnswortii] and myself have been
addressing ourselves, occurred on two days. A
part of the debate to which I referred occurred on
last Wednesday, and another part on the next Fri-
day. With reference to the explanation which I
made on Wednesday, defining my position upon
rtnrfain doctrinal points, it is trucks thogentlcman
stated, that I reported those remarks myself; and
I did so bccause they were very brief; because I
understood what I said; and because, when 1
called upon the reporter for the report of them, ho
had not written them out, and could not give, his
attention to them at that time. Under these cir-
cumstances, being in a hurry to leave the officc, I
reported them myself, including the colloquy of
Wednesday between my colleague and myself,
consisting of about three lines, as i understood it
to be, given to me by the reporter. After I had
written out the colloquy, I submitted it to the re-
porter, and asked him whether it was correct; and
he answered me, according to my recollection,
that it was substantially correct. I attached no
importance to the interruption of my colleague at
that lime, because I did not know that he wished
to emphasize what he said. The report is:
"Mr. Farnsworth. Will my colleague allow the lest
of the resolutions to be read?
"mr. McClernand. Certainly. My colleague can have
them road If ho chooses to do so."
Now, the only error upon which my colleague
insists is, that I added that "he could do go when
he got the floor for that purpose." That is the
: whole difference he alleges, and that is no diffcr-
( ence in substance, as every gentleman will see at
| once. It is equally clear, in either case, that it
I was not my purpose to yield the floor at that time
■ to the gentleman from Illinois, or to any other
' person, to read other resolutions than those which
1 thought pertinentto the explanation Iwasmak-
! mg. Now, the gentleman says that lie afterwards
j coirected those remarks by the addition of the
wordrt to which 1 have taken exception. Not so,
sir; not so. The gentleman is mistaken. There-
marks which he corrected occurred on another
day—Friday after. But what are the woids to
which he refers? They are words which charge
me with suppressing certain resolutions which he
desired to have read—words charging me with
skipping over certain resolutions. I say the gen-
tleman did not use those words upon that occa-
sion. 1 say this upon the authority of the ieporter
of the debate. It is only to those words that I
take exception. 1 complained that the gentleman
should, after the debate was closed, add words
which imputed to me a design which I did not
have. Would it not have been more honorable
for the gentleman, after my disclaimer, to have
said, "I accept your explanation. It you say it
was not your design to suppress those resolu-
tions, that the reason you did not read them was
because they were not pertinent to the remaiks I
was making?*' That is suthci. nt. i have nothing
more to say. Ought not the £>-entlemnn to have
pursued that course? Would not that have been
right ?
Now, sir, one other word. With all respect to mv
colleague, is itnotahsuul, is it not perieclly prepos-
terous to suppose that 1 should ha\e omuls d to
have re .id the lesolutions relet red to by my col-
league, for the purpose of concealing them from
the puhlie eye ? Was it not notorious that they
wen resolutions which had been adopted by the
Illinois Democracy m their late convention ? Did
not everybody know that? Who did not know
it ? As i said before, had I not read an equivalent
resolution upon one of the points to which one of
the resolutions related, which was read subse-
quently by my colleague? And had not my col-
league from the Glumcy district, some days before,
in the House, read the other resolution desired by
my colleague to ben\td? Is not, then, the clamor
made by my colleague a false < honor—a clamor
unsupported by the facts of the ease? ft is dis-
tasteful tome to bring a matter of tins kind before
the House. T regret the necessity I have felt
myself under to do so. I would be the last man
upon this lloor to impute to any membera design
which he disclaims, and especially under the eu-
eumstamvs in whe-h this design was imputed to
me—not m debate, but after debate had ceased.
My colleaguedeparts fronuhe question between
him and myself, and say** that Judge Douglas
has proposed a slave code in the Senate of the
United States. I put it to the gentleman, and put it
to the House, whether this is a fair interpretation
of what Judge Douglas has done m the Senate ?
It is easy for any man to call any act of legis-
lation by any name he may choose; but it docs
not follow that he has characterized it correctly.
The act will, as it ought to, be judged of by Us
intrinsic nature Now. I venture to say that there
is not an intelligent and impaitiai man in these
United States who will say, and especially say
under oath, that the proposition made by Judge
Douglas, in the Senate, contemplates the enact-
ment. of a slave code. The Senator who replied
to Judge Douglas did not impute to him any such
design, as I understand. Why? Because he knew
no such design was entertained. On the contrary,
I am informed by the gentleman from Texas [Mr.
Reagan] that Mr. Fessenden said, in the course
of his reply to Judge Douglas, .that he did not
know but he would himself vote for the proposi-
tion.
What, in truth, is the proposition of Judge
Douglas ? It is to pass a law which will prevent
the recurrence of such invasions as that which
occurred at Harper's Ferry—invasions attended
with murder, treason, and bloodshed. And is not
this loyal and right ? Is it not conformable to the
spirit and the letter of the Constitution? Does not
the Constitution provide not only that the United
States shall guaranty to every State m the Union
a republican form of government, but ''shall pro-
tect cach of them against invasion?" And was not
John Brown's raid into Virginia an u invasion ?"
Is the gentleman opposed to a law which shall pre-
vent the recurrence of such outrages? Is he op-
posed to a legislative repression of such invasions?
Is he opposed to a legislative suppression of trea-
son, of arson, of robbery, and of larceny? That is
the object of the resolution proposed by the Senator
from Illinois. What is understood by a slave code,
of w lueh we hear so much here ? It is that Congress
shall pass a law protecting slavery m the Terri-
tories. Would this proposition of Judge Doug-
las protect slavery m a Territory, independent of
the action of the people ? It says nothing on that
point. His proposition would only protect prop-
erty where property lawfully exists. If slave
property exists in a Territory, it would protect
it there. If it does not exist there, it would not. I
repeat, the gentlemen's interpretation of Judge
DouGLAb's proposition is an erroneous one, origin-
ating in the gentleman's prejudices, in his hos-
tility to Judge Douglas and to the Democratic
party.
Now, my friend from Alabama [Mr. Cobb] has
asked Jii'! to have read the resolution offered by
Senator Douglas. I send it to the Clerk's desk
to be read.
Mr. FENTON. I rise to a point of order. The
gentleman has finished the point of personal ex-
planation for which he rose; and he has not the
lloor for any other purpose.
Air. McCLERNAND. I ask the gentleman's
pardon 
The CLERK. Does the gentleman fr-rn New
York insist on his point of order?
Mr. FENTON. 1 do.
Mr. McCLERNAND. It is at th'1 request of
the gentleman from Alabama that i wend up this
resolution to be read.
The resolution was read by the Clerk, as fol-
lows:
'* Resolved, That the Committee on the Judicial y be in-
"0 noted to loport a bill for thcprotection of each State ami
Tcrtitoij of the Union asanut invasion In the nuthonties
or inhabitants of any other >St;ite or Territory ; and foi the
t-nppression and punMimcut of conspiracies or combina-
tions m any State or Teintoiy with intent to invade, assail,
or molest the government, inhabitants, pioperty, or institu-
tions of any other ritafe ui 'J'eiritory oi the Union."
Mr. McCLERNAND. I am also requested by
my friend from Wisconsin, [Mr. Larrabke,] to
eend to the Clerk's desk to be read the following
extract from Senator Fessenden's speech:
"I have not examined the constitutional question my-
self. 1 have m_\ own ueiteidS impre^Mons with icgaid to xt.
I have tutted it. to the able committee who have had it in
charge. and i supposed that at the proper time we should
heartrom them a scheme within constitutional limits,cal-
c uhUod, doiencd, able, to effect the good object which the
Senator M'ciris to have so much at heait, and which we all
have at heait. And, sir, I will say this: that so tar as he
hn^ spoken on that particular pomon of the mquiiy, with
ieo,ard to the qucftiou of constitutional power, as at pie^ent
advised, 1 am deposed to agree with his views. I certainly
am disposed to agiee with him as to the importance, it need
be, in view of the recent event* which have transpired and
excited 'o much feeling throughout the countrj, that the
power of this Government should lie exeited now, m order
to teach the people ot all this countrs that the> have no
right in any Htate to form scheme-, ot any description to
disturb the peace of their neighbor, f hold with him, and,
I presume, with all member* ot the Senate—I know I do
with all the members ol my own paity—that if this power
can be found—and I believe it exists—it should be exeited
for that end. I am ready to go an tar as any man roason-
thtv n* to a^eeiMplMi the purpose "
