2530
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1,
the cost of conveying letters to these-distant pos-
sessions, when they risked war and engaged in war
to get them at the cost of tens of millions? We
bring shame upon those who preceded us if we do
not bind these Pacific possessions to the rest of the
Union with hooks of steel—not only by overland
mails, but by railroads—regardless of the cost.
Do you wish to force upon us the reflection that
the great plains and high "mountains between the
Atlantic and Pacific States are impassable barriers,
and that in time the great mountain of this con-
tinent will be the boundary of empires instead of
the center of a great empire?
As I have said, the postal system of the United
States is a failure. It never was a good one; but
the act of 1845 reducing the postages staggered it,
and the act of 1851, still further reducing postages,
and giving unlimited power of extension, regard-
less of its revenues, completed its ruin; and the
sooner it is abolished the better. Other causes
have contributed to make it a useless and unman-
ageable machinery. I think I heard some one on
the other side of the Chamber, a few days ago, call
it the great civilizer of this continent. It may
have been in its day, but its day is past. The
civilizersof the present day are the steam engine,
the telegraph wire, and the express man. They
are always ahead of the United States mail, and
have made it a burden to the country; and, like
all monopolies in their last moments, it has become
fretful and tyrannical to those it can oppress, and
crouches to tiiose it cannot control. While it
grinds down the border settlements, and ekes out
to them with a stinting hand the poor facilities
they receive, the great railroad monopolies, that
charge what they please for carrying the mails,
and will not even enter into contract with the
, Department for their conveyance, defy its power
and extort from its exhausted resources, and it
submits without a contest.
The present Postmaster General has labored to
restore its vitality, but in vain. If even his great
talents, sterling integrity, and indomitable will
and energy, cannot eradicate its evils and adapt
it to the present wants of the country, what must
we expect in the future?
Mr. POWELL. Mr. President, I desire before
the vote is taken upon this question to make a
very few remarks. I am m favor of the amend-
ment proposed by the Committee on Finance to
this bill, and I shall vote for or against all amend-
ments that are or may be offered, according as I
think they will facilitate us in the passage of the
bill as amended by the committee. We have
heard complaints from every Senator, I believe,
who has addressed us since this bill has been un-
der consideration, about the very great sums of
money that this Post Office Department has cost
the country. Whilstthosewhoopposethe amend-
ment clamor for reform, they wish to tie up the
hands of the Postmaster General, and prevent
his making the reforms that the country actually
demands.
I shall make no remarks, sir, about the propri-
ety of discontinuing or restoring any of the routes
of which Senators have spoken. One thing we
all know, and that is, that the Post Office now
takes annually from the public Treasury some
seven million dollars, over and above its revenues,
to sustain xt. That, in my judgment, is wrong,
and we should so legislate as to correct it. The
Department should be self-sustaining. It was the
intention of the Government, in the organization
of this Department, that it should be self-sustain-
ing; and it was so for the first sixty years after it
was organized. From 1790 to 1838 it was self-
sustaining; it was so from 1838 to 1851, ujith a
few exceptions, sometimes the revenues going a
little over, and sometimes a little under, the ex-
penditures. Since 1851 its deficiencies have gone
on increasing, until the annual excess of expend-
itures amounts to seven million.
My object is to bring about retrenchment; and
the best way to accomplish that and retain the
efficiency of the service, is to leave the restoring
or discontinuing those routes where the law has
placed it—in the discretion of the Postmaster Gen-
eral. His judgment, and not ours, should control
in restoring these routes. The Senate does not
possess the minute information that would enable
it to act intelligently on the subject. It ought to
be left to the Postmaster General. He has the in-
formation in his Department to enable him to act
ift such manner as to give efficiency to the service
and protect the revenues of his Department. He
is the proper person to exercise the discretion of
discontinuing or restoring these routes. He will, I
have no doubt, restore service and extend mail
facilities to every part of the country as fast as the
revenues of the Department and the money placed
under his control will allow him. That we have
a right to expect; we should ask no more.
When the presentPostmaster General cameinto
that Department he found it very much embar-
rassed. Only a few days before he entered upon
the discharge of the functions of his office the Post
Office appropriation bill failed to pass Congress.
He found it without the necessary means to carry
on the service. It became necessary, then, for him
to look about and use the discretion conferred upon
him by law; to curtail the service, and limit it to
the very scant means at his disposal. The whole
country at that time thought that very great injury
would follow in consequence of the failure of the
passage of thatPostOffice appropriation bill. Iam
not right sure but in the end goodwill result from
that which we thought was a great evil, a great ca-
lamity at the time; for it has compelled tlie head
ofthisDepartmentto lookmto this matter closely,
and to lop off every service that he thought was
not absolutely necessary, and to retrench where
ever he could do so without serious injury to the
service. In the discharge of the duties of his
office he has exhibited very great administrative
talents. In his reports he has pointed out the re-
forms necessary for this Department. It is ad-
mitted on all sides that those reforms should be
carried out. So far from doing it, judged by our
actions, it would seem that we desire to make
proclamation to the country that we are in favor
of reform, but when it comes to the work, we
fail to d<5 it. We should give the people works,
not empty words, and then they will believe us
sincere. *
Now, sir, if you will retain this proviso in the
bill, as it came from the House, it will be a tax
upon the Treasury of at least a million and a half
dollars. 1 think we should not retain it, but that
it should be stricken out, and the other amend-
ments proposed by the committee, adopted. The
Postmaster General recommends a great many
reforms, not one of which have we passed any
law to carry out. There was the franking privi-
lege, that he thought ought to be abolished. To
be sure, the Senate, with very great unanimity,
passed a bill to abolish that privilege; but I im-
agine it will be in the hands of a committee of the
other House until the end of this session, and
that that reform will not be accomplished. He
went on and discontinued a great deal of service;
and this bill from the House now proposes to re-
store all the inland service on all the routes under
contract on the 4tli of March, 1859, unless the
same have expired, and to pay contractors for
service which the Department had discontinued.
Why, sir, this Post Office Department, if this
bill passes as it came from the House, will take
from the Treasury of this country, in my judg-
ment, $8,000,000 in the next year, instead of sus-
taining itself by its own receipts, as it should do.
Instead of talking about the extravagance of this
Department, and censuring the Postmaster Gen-
eral for what Congress does or fails to do, we
should commence, here in our places, to bring
about these reforms. What good does it do the
people of this great country to hear Represent-
atives and Senators in Congress talk all the while
about reform, and when we come to act upon
propositions necessary to carry out the reforms,
we will not vote for them ? In my judgment, we
should come up to this matter in earnest; we
should adopt the measures necessary to relieve
this Department from embarrassment; we should
leave the Postmaster General in the exercise of a
discretion that will enable him to administer his
Department in such manner as best to promote
the public interest; we should abolish this frank-
ing privilege; and if that will not do, then we
should raise the postage untit this Department is
self-sustaining, as it was from the time of its or-
ganization until 1851. It is manifestly unjust that
the labor of the people should be taxed seven or
eight million dollars a year to sustain the Post
Office Department. No tax could be more equal
and just than that of postage; it is only paid by
those who enjoy directly the benefits of the postal
service; and those who use the Post Office, and
those alone, should sustain it.
I know that there is complaint,in almost every
State of the Union, in consequence of this curtail-
ment of service. I know it is so in my State.
But, sir, if that Department is wisely and ably ad-
ministered, we must leave it to the head of the
Department, who has the detailed and special in-
formation that will enable him to administer it in
an intelligent manner.
I regret that any Senator should have censured
the Postmaster Generalin consequence of the cur-
tailment of the postal service. If any department
of the Government is liable to censure, it is Con-
gress, and not the Postmaster General. Con-
gress failed to supply the necessary means for
the service. He faithfully and ably administered
aH the means placed at his disposal.
I have known the Postmaster General long and
well. His integrity is unquestioned, his ability
undoubted; the Government has not in its ser-
vice a more faithful and able officer. Under the
trying circumstances by which he has been sur-
rounded he has exhibited very extraordinary
ability in the administration of his Department.
The reforms he has recommended in his very
able reports are such as, in my judgment, meet
the cordial approval of the whole country; and,
if carried out, will relieve the Treasury from an
annual draft of seven or eight million dollars,
and give efficiency to the service. For the very
able, inflexible and faithful manner in which he
has administered his Department he justly de-
serves, and will receive, the thanks of the people, (
whose interest he has sought to protect.
Mr. SIMMONS. Mr. President, I have been
waiting some time for a vote upon the amendment
of the Senator from Vermont, which appears to
be acceptable to the Senator from Maryland, who
has charge of the bill; but as the debate has taken
a wide range, involving all questions connected
with our postal service and revenue, and as the
Senator from Kentucky, who has just taken his
seat, has repeated the suggestion which was urged
by the Senators from South Carolina and Georgia
when this bill was last under discussion, that the
best method for restoring the revenue of this De-
partment is to increase the rates of postage, I de-
sire now to address a few words to the Senate
upon this part of the subject, and to call attention
to the effect which has been produced upon the
revenue of the Post Office by the reductions of
postage made by the laws of 1845 and 1851.
It was urged by the Senator from South Caro-
lina, [Mr. Hammond,] that these reductions in the
rates of postage were the principal cause of the
deficiency of means to meet the expenditures of
the Department.
The great error and defect of the system—the
great humbug, as he called it—was in our attempt-
ing to imitate England in adopting cheap postage.
In this attempt we had assumed the attitude of
the frog, who thought to swell himself to the size
of an ox.
I was in the Senate when the first reduction of
postage was made; it was reduced by the Senate
to a uniform rate of five cents. The bill went to
the House of Representatives, and there an addi-
tional rate was imposed of ten cents on all letters
conveyed over three hundred miles. I believe the
reduction in the rates of postage has been greater
than Senators generally suppose.
There were five different rates of letter postage
prior to the reduction in 1845,according to the dis-
tances the letters were conveyed. Three fourths
of the population were subjected to the payment
of the highest rate of postage—twenty-five cents
for each single letter; of the other fourth, sFx
sevenths paid eighteen and a half cents; and one
seventh could send letters at the lower rates of
twelve and a half, ten, and six cents. So that the
average rate upon the whole was about equal to
twenty-three cents. This was reduced, in 1845,
to five and ten cent rates; but, by fixing the dis-
tance for the lowest rate to three hundred miles,
only about one seventh of the people could send
letters for five cents, while six sevenths paid ten
cents, making an average of a little more than nine
cents—a reduction of about sixty per cent.
In 1851, a second reduction was made, and the
rates fixed at three and ten cents; but the distance
which letters were carried at the lowest rate—
three cents—was increased from three hundred
to three thousand miles, embracing the entire pop-
ulation of the country, except those on the shores
of the Pacific; so that all our people,except about
