1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2531
one in fifty or sixty, enjoy.a three cent letter post-
age, making an average of about three cents and
one mill as compared with nine cents and two
mills as it was after the first reduction. This
was a reduction of sixty-six per cent.; so that,
taking the two reductions, the rate of postage
has been reduced abouteighty-six per cent, whfreh
is almost as great a reduction as took place in
England, when they reduced theirs from about a
shilling sterling to one penny, or about ninety-
two per cent. Our postage is to-day about one
eighth what it was before it was reduced in 1845,
taking the aggregate population.
Now, sir, what has been the result? The Sen-
ator from South Carolina said it had proved a
total failure, and had resulted from attempting to
copy England. I will endeavor to prove that he
is mistaken, and that this system of cheap postage
has in this country been a complete success. This
is laughed at by Senators on the other side, who
*have so often denounced it as a failure that they
have come to believe it themselves; but I can
demonstrate, from the returns of the Department,
that we get more postage to-day, man for man,
in this country, than we ever did before under
any rate of postage.
The revenue from postage received by the De-
partment last year, according to the returns sent
us by the Postmaster General, is thirty per cent,
greater, in proportion to population, than it was
the year before the postage was first reduced.
The receipts in 1845 were $4,228,288 12, which
is an average of twenty-one cents to each person;
the population being estimated, at that time, at
twenty million.
In 1851, the last year under the first reduction,
the receipts were $6,384,800 G4; the population
then being estimated at twenty-four million, gives
twenty-six cents and six mills for each person,
In^l859, the last year's return after the reduc-
tion to an average of three cents and one mill,
the receipts were $7,618,667; and estimating the
population at twenty-eight million for that year,
gives twenty-seven cents and two mills to each per-
son, which is thirty per cent, more to each person
than was received under the highest rates.
The Senator from South Carolina calls this a
failure. When such a result is attained, under
rates of postage not more than one eighth of what
they were in 1845, the revenues have actually in-
creased from $4,228,288 12 m 1845, to $7,618,667
% in 1859, an actual increase of $3,390,378 88, and
of more than eighty per cent, on the entire income
of 1845, and of thirty per cent, according to the
population of the two periods, icall it an emi-
nent success.
It should also be borne in mind that, under the
high rates of postage, the income of the Depart-
ment was not increasing in proportion to the in-
crease of population, but was actually declining,
not being as much in 1845 as it was m 1841, the
first year included m these tables, by more than
one hundred thousand dollars. Taking these
facts, as disclosed in these tables, with the expe-
rience of thirteen years under reduced rates of
postage, showing an increase of revenue of thirty
per cent, beyond the increase of population, with
one eighth the rate of postage, if any man will
recommend raising the rates of postage, in order
to increase the receipts from letter postage, he
must be a man who defies all experience.
I have shown the result of cheap postage in this
country. I have not seen what result has been
secured in England, not having seen their returns
for several years past; but I have never yet seen
any which showed an increase of actual receipts
under the penny rate above what was received
under the nigh rates. Our actual receipts, with
cheappostage,areeighty per cent, greater than with
high postage, and thirty per cent, greater than the
proportional increase of population, greatly as
this last exceeds that of England; so that I believe
the result of cheap postage in this country is more
eminently a success than even in England, greatly
as they rejoice at it there.
These tables, if reliable, showing the result in
a series of years to be a steady increase of re-
ceipts, must satisfy any man that both these re-
ductions were judicious, and that it would be
unwise to return to higher rates in order to in-
crease the receipts, although many, and among
others, my friend from Vermont, have sometimes
expressed doubts about the utility of the last
reduction made in 1851; but I am sure he will
change his opinion when he finds that we actu-
ally receive more postage according to population
under the three cent rate, than we did under the
five and ten cent rates, and such is the result, if
these returns are corre«t.
The Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Ham-
mond] and the Senator from Georgia [Mr Toombs]
charged that the manufacturing States desired
cheap postage, with a view of raising the defi-
ciency from the planting States—that we intended
to make the South pay for carrying our letters.
I have had a table made from the returns of the
Department, showing the postage received in eight
of the States most largely engaged in manufac-
turing—New Hampshire, Massachusetts, Rhode
Island, Connecticut, New York, New Jersey,
Pennsylvania, and Maryland—and find there has
been no time, embraced in these tables, under any
rate of postage, high or low, when there was not
a net profit to the Department from postage on
the business of those States; and I never saw a
table that did not show a profit in those Statesin
the aggregate. Last year, the net profit was
about half a million over the cost.
In eight planting States, namely, South Caro-
lina, Georgia, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana,
Arkansas, Texas, and Florida—the cotton States—
that are said to pay for carrying the letters of the
manufacturing States, and saddled with the defi-
ciencies caused by cheap postage, instead of there
being any profit on the business of those States,
to pay deficiencies in others, they did not pay the
expenses incurred for service in them by at least
$2,500,000. These are the States that complain
that we want to place the deficiencies of the man-
ufacturing States upon the Treasury, and tax
them to pay our postage.
I have made the table from which I read from
those in this report for the years 1845, 1851, and
185!). They are the returns which show the re-
sult of the postage receipts and expenditures for
the last years under each of the three rates of
postage.
Before the postage was reduced, these eight
manufacturing States paid a profit of $476,000; the
last year the profit was §445,000, a difference of
only a few thousand dollars between the year
when the rates averaged twenty-three cents, and
the last year, when the rate was three cents and
one mill. It is not so with the losses made by
the Department in the eight planting States. The
receipts have increased there under the low rates
of postage; but the deficiencies are increased enor-
mously. Inl851 the deficiency wasabouttwohun-
dred and sixty thousand dollars; in 1859 it was
$2,561,159 22—an increase of $2,300,000 in eight
years; and this, notwithstanding there was a large
increase of receipts for postage. How can any
one account for these enormous outlays in these
eight States alone?
Being in the Senate when the first reduction was
made in the rates of postage, I will state its his-
tory. On the committee there were four members
in favor of one rate of five cents; but the chair-
man preferred three rates of five, ten, and fifteen
cents, according to the distance carried, and re-
ported a bill accordingly. Numerous memorials
were presented praying a reduction of postage—
more than I had seen upon any other subject;
the press urged it in almost all the States, and I
thought such efforts must have produced its effect
upon the opinions of Senators. In Committee of
the Whole I proposed to amend the bill reported
by the chairman, by striking out the three rates,
andinsertingone of five cents, and upon calling the
yeas and nays it did not get one fourth the votes;
which showed that the Senators were not much
influenced by memorials or the public press upon
that question.
After this I examined the question to ascertain
what rates would be proper according to the dis-
tance carried. There had been various tables
submitted by the Department to enable Congress
to form an intelligent judgment upon all the ques-
tions. After examining these tables, showing the
actual result from the different rates of postage
then existing, the figures satisfied me (rather
against my own inclination and purpose in ex-
amining them) that there should be but one rate,
and that a low one.
When the bill was reported to the Senate, 1
renewed the proposition for one rate at five cents,
and made a statement of the results of the inform-
ation furnished in the tables from the Department;
and upon a call of the ayesand noes, three fourths
of the Senators voted for the amendment, although
they had before recorded their .names against it
—one of the most creditable acts I have known
Senators do. The bill was ordered to a third
reading that night; and the next day a Senator
from South Carolina desired to address the Sen-
ate upon the proposition to make so great a re-
duction, for he thought it would bankrupt the
Treasury and ruin the couutry. The votes were
reconsidered, and he addressed the Senate, using
very much the same argument his successor used
on this subject when it was last before us. In
his judgment, there would not be one letter more
sent by mail at five cents than at twenty-five.
After hearing him two hours, the question was
again put upon the amendment. He was not re-
plied to; for he was not present when I made the
statement of facts in favor of the amendment.
Mr. WILSON. Who was he?
. Mr. SIMMONS. Mr. McDuifie was as able
a debater as I ever heard. Upon taking the vote
after his speech, two Senators changed their .votes
—voting for the reduction after the speech, who
voted against it the day before. This Was the
effect of hearing bad reasons for returning to high
rates of postage. No man who will look into this
subject will rail to see the good effect of cheap
postage; and I believe it is more apparent here
than in England.
I have a word to say about' restoring this ser-
vice to what it was before the Postmater General
was forced to curtail it. The revenue is now
nearly eight million, as compared with $4,250,000
at the high rates. I have never seen a return
from the State of Rhode Island which did not
show a profit on the service in that State of from
twenty-five to fifty per cent, upon the outlay.
Yet the service has been curtailed there as well as
elsewhere. The failure of the appropriation bill
of last year made it necessary to curtail the ser-
vice everywhere; and I do not complain of the
Postmaster General, but I want to treat the cur-
tailment as a work of necessity, and not one of
choice by him; because I believe it to be so. It is a
maxim with teamsters that, rather than have the
load stop, you may whip the free horses. So
the Postmaster General, rather than have the ser-
vice fail altogether, has whipped the States that
paid freely, because he could not otherwise keep
the load moving. I know he curtailed service in
Rhode Island where the people in villages sub-
scribed individually, of their own means, to keep
it up after it was reduced, such were the neces-
sities of their business.
I say, that a curtailment or reduction of service,
brought upon the Department by an unexpected
failure of an appropriation bill, furnishes no proof
that it was the result of an intelligent judgment
in each case. It was forced by necessity; he may
have reduced pretty equally in all the States, but
it produces a state of service in no respect based
upon any comparison with the receipts and ex-
penditures in the States where the reductions are
made.
In my opinion, with the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Vermont adopted, the provision of the
bill as it came from the House should be retained.
This would give all the discretion needed for an
intelligent levision of the service after it is so far
restored as it will be under the bill with this amend-
ment.
I make no complaint of the inconvenience suf-
fered in our portion of the country; but think it
wrong to urge, as an argument against restoring
the service, thatit is more difficult to curtail aser-
vice when once restored on account of the clamor
that will be raised against the reduction. No one
proposes to have him restore service which is
discontinued because it was good for nothing. All
reports which come from this Administration are
difficult to understand or explain.
1 listened with attention to the Senator from
Maryland, who has this bill in charge. I know
the accuracy of that Senator, as well as the clear-
ness with which he presents his views. He went
on to show how little the service had been reduced.
He said there had been a reduction effected in the
expenditures of the Department amounting, in the
aggregate, to $1,800,000 a year; but he accounted
for this reduction by various items—so much for
discontinuing ocean or California service, and so
much for service on vivers.which had been dis-
continued because not needed, and certain items
