1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
l'5*Bf
Ma:.-ton, Charles D. Maitin, Elbert S. Martin, Maynard,
McClornanJ, Mclvean, MeKnight, McPherson, McQueen,
Mcfiac, Miles, Millson, Millward, Laban T. Moore. {Syd-
enham Moore, Mooibeud, Morrill, Edwaid Joy Morris,
I&aae N. Moiris, Morse, Nelson, Nixon,Ohn, Palmer, Periy,
Peyton, Phelps, Poiter, Potter, Pottle, Pryor, Pugh,Q,uarles,
Reagan, Reynolds, Rice, Rigg>, Christopher Robinson,
James, C. Robinson, Royce, Ruffhi, Rust, Schwartz, Scian-
ton, Sedgwick, Sherman, Sickle*, Simtns, Singleton, Wil-
iiain Smith, William N. 11. Smith, Somes, Spaulding, Stall-
worth, Stanton, Stevens, Stevenson, James A. Stewart,
William Stewart, Stokes, Stratum, Tappan, Taylor,
Thayer, Theaker, Tompkins, Tram, Trimble, Undeiwood,
Vance, Vandevcr, Van Wyck, Verree, Wade, Waldron,
Walton, CadwaladerC. Washburn, Ellihu B. Washburne,
Israel Washburn, Webster, Whiteley, Wilson, Windorn,
Wmslow, Wood, Woodruff, Woodson, and Wright.
Mr. BURCH. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Air. FRANK. No quorum being present, is
there not some rule by which we can compel the
attendance of the absentees ?
Mr. SCOTT. Is it in order to move a call of
the House?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. If the motion to
adjourn is voted down, it will be in order to move
a call of the House.
The question was taken; and there were, on
division—ayes 13, noes 12.
The SPEAKER pro tejnpore. The Chair votes
in the negative, and the House refuses to adjourn.
[Laughter.]
Mr. SCOTT. I move there be a call of the
House.
Mr. BURNETT. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
five o'clock and forty minutes, p. m.) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, Jipril 7, 1860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
The Journal of yesterday was read andapproved.
MESSAGE FROM TIIB HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. For.vey, its Clerk, announced that the
Blouse had passed the following bills; in which the
concurrence of the Senate was requested:
A bill (No. 85) for the relief of R. K. Doebler;
A bill (No. 262) for the relief of the legal rep-
resentatives of Francois Guillory, dcccased;
A bill (No. 224) for the relief of W. Y. Han-
sell, the heirs of W. II. Underwood, and the rep-
resentatives of Snmuel Rockwell;
A bill (No, 264) for the relief of Charles Still-
man;
A bill (No. 265) for the relief of Frederick
Stephens;
A bill (No. 130) to pay to the State of Missouri
the amount expended by said State in repelling
the invasion of the Osage Indians;
A bill (No. 266) for the relief of Brevet Lieu-
tenant Colonel Martin Burke and Captain Charles
S. Winder, of the United States Army;
A bill (No. 267) for the relief of Mrs. A. W.
Angus, widow of the late Captain Samuel Angus,
United States Navy,
A bill (No. 269) granting a pension to James
Lacey, of Grainger county, Tennessee;
A bill (No. 270) granting a pension to John
Madden, of Campbell county, Tennessee;
A bill (No. 271) granting a pension toCyrenus
Blackman, of St. Helena parish, Louisiana;
A bill (No. 272) granting a pension to Adelaide
Adams, widow of Commander George Adams,
United States Navy;
A bill (No. 273) for the relief of Micajah
Hawkes;
A bill (No. 276) for the relief of Mrs. Hannah
McDowell;
A bill (No: 277) for the relief of Webster S.
Steele;
A bill (No. 284) for the relief of John W. Tay-
lor, and certain other assignees of preemption land
locations; and
A bill (No. 600) for the relief of the children
and heirs of Alexander Montgomery.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the following bills of the Senate:
A bill (No. 71) for the relief of the American
Board of Commissioners for Foreign Missions;
and
A bill (No. 233) for the relief of Alice Hunt,
widow of Thomas Hunt.
• The message further announced that the House
ordered, on yesterday, April 6,1860, the printing
of the following documents:
Letter from the Secretary of the Treasury, in
answer to a resolution of the House, calling for
information as to what ports of delivery, if any,
have been discontinued since the passage of the
act of June 4, 1858—ordered at twelve o'clock
and twenty-nine minutes.
Memorial of Surgeon Henry O. Mayo, in be-
half of the corps of surgeons in the United States
Navy—ordered at twelve o'clock and fifteen min-
utes.
Memorial of the Legislature of Minnesota for
the removal of the Winnebago Indians, and the
indemnification of the early settlers on their res-
ervation—ordered at twelve o'clock and sixteen
minutes.
Memorial of the Legislature of Minnesota, ask-
ing for a fort or military post in the valley of the
Pembina river—ordered at twelve o'clock and
sixteen minutes.
Memorial of the State of Mississippi, in relation
to the establishment of a navy-yard at the Bay of
Biloxi, m said State—ordered at twelve o'clock
and sixteen minutes.
METROPOLITAN RAILROAD COMPANY.
Mr. PEARCE. I have been requested to pre-
sent the memorial of a select committee of the di-
rectors of the Metropolitan railroad, in relation
to railways .in Washington and Georgetown. I
ask that the memorial itself may be read to the
Senate.
The Secretary commenced to read the me-
morial.
Mr. CAMERON. I move to dispense with
the reading of that paper. We have all read it.
Air. PEARCE. I doubt whether anybody has
read it. It has only been prepared this morning.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have read every word of it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If objection be
made to the reading of the paper, the rules pro-
vide for its being put to a vote of the Senate with-
out debate.
Mr. PEARCE. I leave it to the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does not the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania object?
Mr. CAMERON. Certainly I do not object,
if any Senator desires to have it read.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I submit to the Senator
from Maryland that, on this side, we have all
read it. 1 have, at least, very carefully.
Mr. CAMERON. If any gentlemen want to
hear it read, 1 shall not object. 1 desired to save
time.
Mr. PEARCE. I did not propose to have the
paper read through, but only the memorial; a few
pages. It is not very long.
Mr. HAMLIN. Fifteen pagesr
Mr. PEARCE. It is in fact about thirteen
pages, printed m large type. I submit to the de-
cision of the Senate, though.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair did not
understand the Senator from Pennsylvania to ob-
ject to the reading of the papf-r. If any Senator
objects to the muling of the paper, the Chair will
put the question to the Senate.
Mr. CAMERON. I certainly did not object.
I only suggested the propriety of saving time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then tho memo-
rial will be read.
The Secretary proceeded with and concluded
the reading of the memorial; which is as follows:
To the Hon-srahlz the Senate and Hju'C of Representatives
of the United Stales of dmcricu in Congress assembled:
The memorial of Benjamin 0„'le Tayioe, David English,
Wilhaut H. Edes. Adolphus II. Pickrell, and Fcidmaud
W Risque—the first named president, and the others j
diiectors, of the Metropolitan laihoad—lespectfuily repre-  
sents:
That they have boon selected bv thcirco-directors to pre-
pare and pie^ent to the honoiablo the Senate and House
of Representatives a statement of facts in relation to we
said company, by which the minds of Senators may be dis-
abused, and ail tho uuCavoiahle impressions heretofore
formed or expressed by them removed or_ corrected. In
making this statement, they disclaim any intention of re-
flcctmg upon the chaiacteis or impugning the motives of
the two honorable Senators, members of the Committee on
the District of Columbia, who participated in the debate
on the city railway bills in the Senate on Saturday last;
but claim the right, as American citizens, to correct the
errois of fact into winch the Senators above referred to
have fallen, for want ot reliable, tiue, and correct inform-
ation in relation to the Metropolitan Railroad Company.
On the 3d day of March, 1853, an act of Congress was
approved, incorporating the Geoigetown and Catoctm Rail-
road Company, which declares, " that whenever the State
of Maryland shall by law incorporate a company to lay out
and construct a raih oad from any point, in connection with
the Baltimore and Ohio railroad, at or near the Point of
Rocks, to Georgetown, m the District of Columbia, the.right -
of way, not exceeding sixty-six feet widt^ be and is.hereby
granted to such company." (See said act, Appendix,A.) .
The Metiopohtan Railroad Company, being such a com-
pany as wa* contemplated by the act of Congress aforesaid,
was chartered on tho 5th day of May, 1853, by a a act of the
Legislature of Maryland, which act of incorporation was
subsequently amended by the Legislature of the State afore=-
said, on the 6th of March, 1856. (See those acts, Appesdix
B and C.)
By the thirteenth section of the act of incorporation of the
Metropolitan Railroad Company, it was provided, " thatno
dividend of the earnings of said road shall be paid to the
stockholders until the entire road is completed to ftagers-
town;" but by the first section of the act amendatory thereto
it is provided, that it shall not be necessary to complete the
said rail road to Hagrrstown before any dividends? of the net
profits arising from the business of said company shall be
declared. This section of the act was considered very on-
erous by the stockholders, and prevented many persons from
taking stock in the said company; but the amendatory act
of the Gth March, 1856, gave additional strength and encour-
agement to the president and directors of said company.
Books of subscription to the stock of tho said company
were opened by the commissioners named in the said act,
and over ten thousand shares of the stock having been sub-
scribed—amounting to upwards of $500,000—the necessary
steps were taken to organize the said company, by the elec-
tion of president and directors.
By an oidiiwnccof the boards of Alderinen and Common
Council of Geoigetown, approved by Henry Addison, then -
Mayor of said town, on the 11th day of June, 1853, the said.
Mayor was authorized to subscribe*, in their name, for five
thousand shares of said stock, equal to $250,000. (iSee said
ordinance, Appendix D.) That subscription was accord-
ingly made by the said Mayor, in obedience to the said
oidinanee.
fly an ordinance of the same boards, approved by the said #
Mayor on the 23d day of July, 1853, the following gentle-
men, viz : David English, Evan Lyons, Robert P. Dodge,
William II. Edes, and Walter S. Cox, or a majority of them,
were appointed as proxies to vote the #.tock of the said
town, at any meeting of the stockholders of the said com-
pany. (Sec said oidmancc, Appendix 12.)
The boaids of Aldermen and Common Council of the
'own aforesaid lelu^ed to appoint Henry Addison, then
Mayor, as one of the proxies aforesaid, to vote their stock.
In the message of the said Mayoi, Henry Addison, of the
24til of February, 1851, he pays :
" In view of these-facts our first effort should be to main-
tain our credit unimpaired, by getting Congress tosanction
the raihoad subscription, and remove nil questions as to its •
legal.ty. That was done when we subscribed the same
amount to the Chesapeake and Ohio canal, and without it,
no loan could have been po.^ibly eflV-cted." * * * *
"My recommendation, then, is that we ask Congress to
sanction that subletiption.""
Application was accordingly made to Congress, upon the
recommendation of i aul Mayor, in relation to the railroad
subscription aforesaid, and on the 2d day of March, 1855,
an act \vw appioved, "in ouler to meet the engagements
recently assumed by saul town in subscribing to the stock
of the Metropolitan Railroad Company." (See said act,
app"ndix F.)
After the election of the president and directors of the
said company, tho first instaIlmcnt*of $25,000, upon the
stock subscribed by the said town, was paid. On the 21st
of June, 1855, the corporation of Georgetown passed an or-
dinance to pa> the second uibtalJment on their subsciiption
to the stock oi the Metinprditan Railroad Company, which
was vetoed by the Mayoj, Henry Addison ; but the said or-
dinance was passed, notwithstanding the veto, by a two-
thirds majority. (See said oidmance, Appendix G.) The
said Mayor then proclaimed that he would not sign the
bonds of the coipoiation to meet this second installment.
After die passage of the act of Congress of 2d March,
1855. above noticed, Henry Addison, in his address "To
the People of Georgetown,5' in the year 1855, on pages 12
and 13, uses the following language:
If X have succecded m showing that our subscription
wa* without autlionty of law, and theiefore inoperative
and void, how can the corporation be compelled to pay any
such subscription? [fitwas void when made, it is forever
void. It is s nnply absurd, to say that an act done, performed,
and completed in June, 1853, is illegal, inoperative, and
void at that time, and yet that it is legal, operative, and
binding at anv subsequent time. A void act cannot be con-
firmed. It is not m the power of Congress even, to declare
that an illegal and void act done and performed in June,
1853, should be valid and binding at a future day."
On pace 33 of said address, Mr. Addison usea the follow-
ing language: #
<•' I ahvavs believed that it was af the suggestion of Mr.
Dodge, ftlicprewdcntof the Metropolitan road,j and to grat-
ify his personal animosity to myself, that the Board of Com-
mon Council excluded me from ail connection with the
affairs of that road. I felt that 1 had been grossly and in-
excusably insulted by a coordinate branch of the corpora-
tion."5
To the memorial of the stockholders of the Metropolitan
Railroad Company will be found the names of alargy num-
ber oi the most influential, prominent, and wealthy citi-
zens of Georgetown, and quite a number of the influential
and wealthy citizens of Washington city—praying that the
power to construct passenger iailways in the cities of Wash-
ington and Georgetown may be given to the Metropolitan
Railroad Company. (See Appendix H.) The same feel-
ing is tntej tamed,as we believed,b> alarge inajoiityof the
citizens of Georgetown, who are not stockholders In said
company.
The Uoardsof Alderinen and Common Council of George-
town, in the year 1858, by a unanimous vote, recommended
that the franchise of the city railways should be giv<m to the
Metropolitan Railroad Company, and on the22d March last,
four out of the five members who constitute the lioard ot
