146
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 24,
36th Cong....1st Sess.
Election of Speaker—Mr. Comoin.
Ho. of Risps.
respecting the territory or other property belonging to the
United States.'"
Then, I say, from the earliest period of our Gov-,
eminent dowa to 1853, everybody—all agreeing;
to it; all shades of politics; Congresses of every
hue of politics; all the courts of the country, all
over it—-regarded the question as clearly settled,
as the Republicans now hold it, I wish this
speech of mine, so far as it goes, imperfect as it
is, to be considered as " Corwin's Apology for
Republicanism." Mr. Barclay wrote "An Apol-
ogy for Quakerism," a capital book, with a good
deal of sense in it. My Apology for Republican-
ism may not be quite as authoritative.
^ What I have proved, I think to the satisfaction
of all, is, that the men who framed the Constitu-
tion acted upon the power to govern the Territo-
ries, believing it to be there; and they actcd under
oath; that tlie legislative department of the Gov-
ernment always havo exorcised it up to the year
1854; and that the judicial department of the Gov-
ernment decided the law thus whenever the ques-
tion arose, up to the year 1853. Now I say to
gentlemen upon the other side, if you can put
yourself in as good society as this Republican
party are in, then I will agree to pay a visit to
you, and perhaps stay all night. [Laughter.] Un-
til you do, I choose to put up at the Republican
hotel. [Laughter.] I wish to compare grave-
yardsjmonumcnts, epitaphs, and authorities with
the Democratic party. We Republicans may pos-
sibly be under a groat mistake upon this subject;
but if wc are, the most intelligent people, accord-
ing to your own account of it—and I believe it
true—have been under the same mistake from the
beginning.
1 am an old Whig; and the very doctrines
which the Whig party always inculcated upon
this subject, are the cardinal uoctrincs of the Re-
publican party; and the only constitutional doc-
trines they have enunciated were bornof a viola-
tion of these same Whig doctrines in 1854. The
Republican party had never had a name,and never
had an existence, in that form and that name,
had it not been for the proceedings of that Con-
gress in 1854. I suppose tiiat every man will
admit this. And why? Why was that treason-
able party, as you now denominate it, brought
into existence? I)o you suppose that all the peo-
ple of the North are insane? I would like an in-
quest of lunacy to try the question, and I would
show where the insanity is. It was in that year
1854 that you proposed to renounce this doctrine
of the control of Congress over the Territories.
It was then that you determined to depart from
that compromise of J 850, to which my friend from
Illinois [Mr. McClisknand] just referred me, and
with which 1 was satisfied. Why was I satisfied
with it? In the first place, when the compromise
measures of 1850 were passed, I was not a mem-
ber of the Senate. I was a member of the Cabi-
net when they were brought to President 'Fill-
more; and I said that every one of those hills
should be approved. I did it upon the. same con-
siderations, precisely, which have brought me to
the conclusions I have announced to-day. It is
sometimes said that Congress, by the compro-
mises o'f 1850, renounced its power over the Ter-
ritories.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Renounced the policy
of oxercisma: it. „
Mr, COUWIN. I hold that to be a very dif-
ferent question. I suppose Congress has the
power to declare war against the whole world,
although nobody intends to exercise it. What I
speak of is the law. The gentleman will find, if
lie looks to the law, that Congress reserved this
power. Utah and New Mexico were to report
their laws to Congress. If Congress disapproved
of the laws, they were to be null ami void. Does
that look like surrendering the legislative power
of Congress over the Territories? If Congress
had not even expressly reserved the power, the
acts organizing those Territories, in view of the
previous history of this territorial question, could
not properly receive a different construction. But
the power was expressly reserved, so that there
could be no mistake about it; and every law made
by either of those Territories might have been
vetoed by Congress. Now, I want to stand upon
high authority. I was in Congress during about
ten months of that debate. A certain orator, in
a place I will not name, for fear I may offend the
sensibilities of some gentlemen here, in speaking
of the battle of Okeechobee, said:
"Gentlemen, I can say, as an ancient Greek poet said,
quorum pars fui. If you have not had the advantages of
education, (and I dare say many of you have not,) that
means, a part of whom I was which." [Great laughter.]
I heard all of that senatorial debate. I cer-
tainly heard all the earnest debate—listened to it
for several months. I heard the subject debated
by the great men of the day—by old men and by
young men too. Webster was there; Clay was
there; Mr. Calhoun made a speech upon the sub-
ject also. Will you read it now? lie scarcely
changcd his opinions after that. He said that
this doctrine of the Territories having the right to
make laws for themselves was absurd. Besides,
said he, it is contrary to the practice of the Gov-
ernment from its foundation down to the present
time. I do not say it is absurd, but I agree with
him in the historical fact—that it is contrary to
the practices of the Government. Some of my
friends at the North, and some at the West, too,
thought that these compromise measures of 1850
did abandon the notion that it was expedient to
legislate for the Territories. I have no quarrel to
make with them now on that point. I know how
they treated Webster. I hope God will forgive
them for that—I cannot. What were the doc-
trines of Clay and Webster on the subject? They
repeated them over and over again. Those men
understood the law of nations. Tfiey never had
any dispute about them in the Senate of the Uni-
ted States. By the law of nations, when one sov-
ereignty cedes a colony or country to another,
with the power of the Government passing with
it, all the institutions of the ceded territory not
incompatible with the fundamental law of the
country to which it is ceded remain just as they
were at the time of the* cession, until they are
changed by positive legislation. Now, apply that
doctrine to Mexico. Not only was there no pos-
itive law in that territory, when acquired under
the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo,making slavery
legal, huxt there was a positive law against its ex-
istence. Negro slavery had been abrogated by a
decree of the Mexican Government, which had
not been altered 01 changed with regaid to any of
the tenitory which we acquiri*!. What wa.s the
effect of that*
First, then, that there was no necessity for pro-
hibiting slavery in those new territories, because
slavery never could be there until some legislative
power, having authority to make the law, estab-
lished it. Slaveryis the. offspring of local, State,
or municipal law. The sovereign legislative
power over the Territories being with Congress,
slavery never could be established there by law
till Congiess has made the law, or approved the
law of the Territorial Legislature establishing it.
Here were two reasons. First, it never could
exist without positive law; and secondly, there
was a positive law forbidding it. Such were the
views and reasons assigned by the eminent men
of whom I speak, for not prohibiting slavery in
the territory acquired from Mexico by law of
Congress.
When Mr. Clay rose in his place—"^ose ma-
jestic form I think I now see before mc—and de-
clared that no power on earth would ever induce
him to plant slavery anywhere where it did not
exist; when he said this, prepared to refer all his
life 5s history to the tribunal of posterity, and know-
ing that he was soon to appear before Him who
knows the motives of men,all understood lusprin-
ciples then, and felt their truth and power. Mr.
Webster had the same view of the question pre-
cisely. He repeated it over "and over again, and
said he would have putaiestrictionupon the Ter-
ritory if there had been a legal necessity for it.
This ideaof the Constitution introducing slavery
everywhere, when not forbidden by a State con-
stitution, had not become fashionable then. That
was in 1850, and the Dred Scott decision came
after that.
Mr. Clerk, I speak of the different departments
of the Government with perfect respect, but I un-
dertake to say that neither Mr. Clay nor Mr.
Webster could ever have been led to believe that
the Supreme Court of the United States would
decide that Congress had no power to legislate
over the subject of slavery in the Territories. I
shall not here discuss the Dred Scott decision, for
I have passed over that already.
Now, sir, in the most extreme and warmest
brotherly kindness, 1 will show a little of the an-
tiquities of the Democratic party. [Laughter.]
Mr. WINSLOW. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman that he should give way to allow a vote
to be taken.
Mr. COIiWIN. Certainly, I will yield for that
purpose.
Mr. WINSLOW. I then submit the motion,
that the House proceed to vote vim voce for
Speaker.
Mr. HICKMAN. I object to that.
Mr. ASHLEY. I object to my colleague yield-
ing the floor.
Mr. CORWIN. Now, Mr. Clerk, I shall speak
of the Democratic party of the North. De mor-
tuis nihil nisi bonum. [Laughter.] A celebrated
man in our country has said that that maxim ought
to be changed to " de mortuis nihil nisi rerum." I
take that proposition and adopt it. I do not mean
to accuse the Democratic party of any crime, ex-
cept of being once in the right, and afterward
pursuing the wrong. My colleague from the Day-
ton district, [Mr. Vallandigham,] in a spirit of
candor, told us the other day that the Democratic
party of Ohio had been wrong on this question of
slavery. I wish to show that he was right in that
declaration, acording to his view of it, and that if
he would just change that word "wrong" into
"right," the Democratic party were right accord-
ing to the doctrines of the fathers of the Govern-
ment; but they wandered away from the institu-
tions of Moses to the worship of Ashtaroth, and
other diabolical divinities. I will quote a little of
their gospel, from cathedral authority, in the State
of Ohio, m the year 1848, whereby I wish to show
to the Democratic party of the South, as it is called,
how great an act they have achieved in having
converted the most hardened and abominable sin-
ners who have existed in the world. [Laughter.]
Democratic gentlemen from the South must
summon their Christian charity to this work.
They must remember that our Democratic Sauls
of Tarsus were on the way to Damascus in 1848,
bent upon persecuting Democratic Christians in
the South. You see how %ey divided the clothes
of the southern Stephen, and stoned him to death.
You will rejoice, however, to see how " a great
light shone upon them" in 1854, and how they
heard about that time a voice from the South,
and lo! upon the instant, they donned their "san-
dal shoon and scallop shell,"and, with meek sub-
mission and pious zeal, they made their pilgrim-
age from the icy regions of old constitutional faith
to the sunny realms of southern novelties, where,
to this day, they remain in " brotherly love." Mir-
acles had not ceased. But who shall say whether
these wanderers from their old homes may not
grow weary of their new abodes, and yet turn their
faces to Judea, crying, "When I forget thee, oh,
Jerusalem, may my right hand forget its cun-
ning!" But let me refer you to tlieir heresies;
but be not alarmed, for they are all safe now:
" Resolved, That the people of Ohio now, as they have
always done, looking upon the institution of slavery as an
evil, unfavorable to the full development of our institu-
tions"—
These Democratic people have had greatly at
heart that "development of our institutions."
They were speaking for the people of the State of
Ohio—for the Whigs held the same ideas exactly
with one exception, which I shall state directly—
"unfavorable to the full development of our institutions;
and that, entertaining these sentiments, they will feel it to
be their duty to use ail the powers consistent with the na-
tional compact, to prevent its mciease, to mitigate"—
here is the point on which 1 differ with them—
and finally eradicate if.'1
The classical mind o$my colleague from tho
Dayton district suggests to him the etymological
meaning of that horrible word [laughter] ''erad-
icate"—not lop it off, not prevent its growing into
other fields from those in which it is now planted;
but to walk into the South and take slavery there,
and grub it up—provided the Constitution will
allow it. What do you charge these Seward
men with ? You say that they will act according to
the forms of the Constitution; that they will got
an overruling power in the popular department
of the Government—in this House; that they will
