568
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
of opinion, as I understand this to be, not invok- j
ing any action cither by the Senate or the Legis-
lature, have not ordinarily been received by the j
Senate. If that has been the case heretofore, I ,
simply wish that it may be persevered in now. I |
can assure the honorable Senator from Oregon j
that I make this objection out of no feeling of un- j
kindness to him or to the gentlemen who passed j
the resolutions. I certainly am as much gratified 1
as he is at the expression of any patriotic senti-
ments from any part of the country, North or
South, and am glad to hear of a wholesome state
of public opinion existing anywhere; but my rec-
ollection of the course of the Senate is that it has
heretofore declined to receive any more resolu-
tions and declarations of public sentiment, nut-
withstanding they were requested to be presented
to the Senate, when they do not invoke any ac-
tion either of the Senate or the Legislature.
Mr. LANE. Mr. President, I am not well
acquainted with the rules of the Senate in relation
to matters of this kind. I ask that no especial
favor shall be extended to these resolutions, or
the gentlemen who requested me to present them.
I have discharged my duty. I find the resolutions
and speeches of gentlemen at that meeting emi-
nently patriotic and conservative, and such as I
would be glad to see prevailing in this country.
If it is not in order, if there is any rule of the
Senate forbidding or preventing the presenting of
such proceedings,I am sure I will not ask it; but
I will ask that the resolutions of the meeting be
incorporated m the remaks I have made in pre-
senting them.
Mr. HALE. If the Senator from Oregon will
allow me, I think I can make a suggestion winch
will be agreeable to lain, and respectful to the
gentlemen who got up this meeting; and that is,
that the question may lie over until we have had
an opportunity of consulting older gentleman and
the precedents, and to see what the precedents
have been, that we may pursue the same course
with this that has heretofore been pursued with
similar papers. Let the matter he over until to-
morrow morning.
Mr. J'UGH. "VVe have had a precedent at this
very session. The Senator from New Yoik [Mi.
Kino] presented the proceedings of a .similar meet-
ing, introduced them with a speech, and the res-
olutions were read.
Mr. KING. I supposed the practice of the
Senate—1 am not quite certain, hut I have seen it
done often m the Senate—was to present these
papers, call the attention of the Senate to them,
and then lay them on the table. I believe that is
the usual practice, and that it is a proper practice.
Mr. LANE. Out of respect to the gentlemen
who held this meeting, I have with pleasure pre-
sented their proceedings, and it matters not what
disposition the Seiiale choose to make of them.
All that f ask is, that the resolutions of the meet-
ing shall be incorporated in the remaiks i have
made m presenting theii proceedings, i desire to
violate no rule of the Senate, noi to ask any spe-
cial favor for my accommodation, or the accom-
modation of the gentlemen who got up the meet-
ing.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
uick.) Does the Senator from New Hampshire
withdraw his objection?
Mr. HALE, I want to put myself right. I
have not the slightest objection to any course
being taken with these resolutions that the Sen-
ator from Oregon or anybody else wishes. My
impression is, that this subject was up before the
Senate—the honorable Senator from Mississippi
[Mr. Davis] will recollect it—and has been a mat-
ter of discussion. 1 think the practice, adopted
at least ten years ago, was this: that simple ex-
pressions of opinion of a public meeting that in-
voked no action of the Senate or the Legislature,
were, not received, and made a part of the files of
the Senate; and if this matter might lie over until
to-morrow, I shall withdraw any objection, if
such has not been the practice of the 'Senate, or
if the Senate are anxious to take the course which
the Senator has suggested. I care nothing about
it. Let it lie over informally until to-morrow; it
can be then disposed of.
Mr. DAVIS. It is not ncccssary that there
should be any rule governing the case. T do not
"understand that there is any. There is a rule
which applies to the presentation of petitionsand
memorials, and unless this comes under one head
or the other, it is quite clear it cannot be received.
A paper merely setting forth what a public meet-
ing lias done somewhere, may be the basis of a
notice taken by a member on the floor, but it calls
i for no action of the Senate, 'and therefore should
| not go upon the files. Clearly, it cannot be re-
ceived, if that be the nature of the paper.
Mr. HALE. That has been the practice here-
tofore, I know.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Oregon calls for the reading of the resolu-
tions. The Senator from New Hampshire objects
to the reception of them. The call for the reading
is in order unless objected to by some Senator.
Mr. HALE. Let it he over until to-morrow.
There is no objection to that.
* The PRESIDING OFFICER. DocstheScna-
tor from Oregon accept the proposition of the
Senator from New Hampshire, that the resolu-
tions lie over until to-morrow?
Mr. LANE. I have no objection.
Mr. DAVIS. I am afraid we shall get into
confusion. That is to receive the paper. The
Senator from New Hampshire properly objects
to receiving the paper. If we accept the propo-
j stiion that, it lie over until to-morrow, then we
| have received the paper.
| Mr. HALE. I do not object to the question
1 of reception, and 1 except to it simply on the
! ground of precedent and propriety. J think the
! rule has been exactly stated by the Senator from
„ Mississippi.
! Mr. LANE. Then I ask leave of the Senate
I to withdraw the paper.
; The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
j will understand that as the sense of the Senate
| unless objected to.
; Mi.LANE. The resolutions, I presume, I can
i incorporate in my remarks. They are as follows :
j k' Whereas, the recent aiiooiou- attempts todntuib the
i peace n! n sister tftate, and stir up a servile msuriection
| witlmi her boideis, have created an intense excitement m
' the public mind, not only in the tf-tato in which tho.-e out-
j rages wore perpetrated, but throughout the entire (\mfed-
1 euey; and wheiea-, we 'deprecate the constant danger-
j ou-> and dcM^nnm eftoit>of that poition of the tostruni, the
• pulpit, and the pie--<, both Noith and South, winch staves
; to e\nte the public mmd by the violent, and uitempeiate
! dwtis-ion ol topic.! winch, from theii very nature, aie in-
i eapible of solution,evcepi they be oonsideied in the calm-
! eM. mo .t ^oiiou-.andeoneiliatoiv mannei and uheieas,
while the people oi othei noithetn cities and communities
aie jrivum public iwpies-Moti to their sentiments ot una
baled attachment and de\ otion to thcl'mon ot the State-, and
the Con-titution, silence, oil our past, might be eonstiued
into inditrcienee or want of sympathy with tho-=e «;reat and
chenfhed inteiests which the (Jnion and the Constitution
guaranty to us: Thereloie,
^Jiaolvcd* That the city ot Troy, m common with her sif-
ter cities of the Htate ot New Yoik, is lojal to the Union ;
un-haken in her attachment lo the in -titutions of the whole
couutiv; tine in her devotion to the eompiomw^ of Hie
('oiisfimfiou, venciatiiiK its wisdom, cheu.slnnjc in tiadi-
tion-, abiding with implicit l.uth upon it-, compact-., and
( onsti uitin its pun i-ioni in a ? pint ot lau , ju-t, and candid
hbeialuv.
" Resolved. Thar, a^ a manuiactume; and commercial
people, we ivcoixni/.e the lad that the Union of those States
h the electric '•paik winch animate.-, out manutacluun^ and
commercial industry; that it sets in motion the spindle and
the loom, tuins the whccL of our machineiy, light-* out
furnace and our forge tiies,and tills the satis ofcommcice ;
ami that,if no highei ormote patriotic motive animated lis,
the instinctive desire of pro^pei ;ty, which i< common alike
to all communities,and incite-; them to avail themselves of
eveiy element of material advantage, would piompt us to
sustain and defend to the last the glonous labrte of our
national Government.
Resolved. That, as a patuotic and law-alridm? people,
no less than a manufacturing and commcictal people, we
cheiish the Union from higher sentiments than those which
arc prompted merely by self-interest and advantage. Kui.
lounded bv hallowed memouesof the Revolution, standnu?
on a spot which was within sound of the cannon' or Saia-
I toga, oui citj, though risen since that tini", and grown into
i a populous and busy mart ot tiade and industry, !a\ s claim
: to a shaie in the common gloiy ofoui ancestor We ven-
j etate their patuotism, ami we honor with liltai icveience
J the woikof then hand-, ihe Constitution of the United
! States, which piotects and defends ih and out inteicst*,
as it piotcet* and defends evciy national interest and insti-
tution, which establishes both eomuieieial and political
rights; and, whiSe it seeme-s the southern planter in his
domestic institutions, at the same time secures fieedom to
| the commerce ot our noithem rivers and lakes.
[ '-Revolved, That we will in good faith abide 1)> all the
; provisions of the Constitution; that while we claim the full
' benefit of those parts ot the compact which the South con-
; ceded to the North, we desne and mean 1'aithfuily to cam*
out those part* of it which the North conceded to the South
That, m the eonstiuetion of that instrument, we know no
higher law as a rule of political action than the adjudica-
tions of the Supreme Court ot the (Tinted States, as the bind-
ing force of such adjudications lias been expounded and
understood by the ablest jurists of our country, by Jay and
Marshall, Kent and Story, Webster and Clay; and that we
shall attempt neither to escapo, evade, nor weaken, the toree
ot such adjudications.
" Resolved, That we deprecate the further agitation of the
question of slavery, cither m or out ot Congiess ; that wc
disclaim the light*to interfere, directly or indirectly, with
domestic slavery wherever it legally exists; that we con-
demn ail interference with slaveiy in the States as. an out-
rage upon State rights and Slate sovereignty; that we
especially condemn and denounce aii attempts like those
recently made in Viigima to incite servile insurrection
within her bordei ?; and that while we condo^in the act as
wicked and treasonable, and the actors therein as enemies
of the public tranquil lity, we also regard those who leild their
aid or sympathy to sucli acts as adding fuel to the incen-
diary fire, and contributing to widen the breach between us
and our bicthrcn of the South.
" Resolved, That the separate States of this Confederacy
have distinctive and sovereign rights, which are guai antied,
not impaired, by their union under a common Constitution ;
and that we legard the constitutional compact as the only
authorized bond of union ; but that n respective of its legal
obligations, we are sensible ot the sympathetic pulsations
of a great national heart, keenly sen utive to the vicissi-
tudes and tnumphsof our countrj— aheaitwhich icsponds
to eveiy iflbrt tending to unite in indissoluble bonds a peo-
ple of one histotv. one language, and one dcttniv.
" Resolved, That, assembled a< we arc in the capacity of
citizen* of the State ot New York, and lcprcscntiiig, as we
behove we do in thus jospect, the almost unanimous senti-
ment of out city and community, we feel authoiized—we
feel it our duty to rebuke the fell spirit ot disunion, whether
it raises it> hydra head at the Noith or at the South, or at
the East or at the West; and regarding all as brothers, ail
as true and loyal men, who are willing to standby the com-
promises ot the constitutional compact, in opposition to
sectionalism and fanaticism, we aie ready to-unite with
them, and maieh under that banner on whose folds are in-
scnbed the words of the greatest ot New England's sjtftes-
moii, < Liberty and Union, now and lorcvei, one and insep-
aiahie 7
PROPERTY IN TERRITORIES -
The Senate proceeded to consider the following
resolutions, submitted by Mr, Brown on the 18th
instant:
Resolved. That the Tciritorics arc the common property
of alt the States; and that it is the privilege of the citizens
of all the State.-, to go into the Territories with every kind
or desrciiption of piopcrty recognized by the Constitution
of the United States, and held under the laws of any of the
States; and that it is the constitutional duty of the law-
making power, wheiever lodged, o\ by whomsoever exer-
cised, whether by the Congress or the Territorial LcgMa-'
tine, to enact such laws as may be found nccessaiy for the
adequate and sufficient pioteetion of such propoity.
Raolved, y\\a\ the Cominittceon Territories be in-tiuctcd
to insert, in any bill they may report for the organization of
new Tenitoiies, a clause declaring it to be the duty of the
Terntoi uil Legislature to enact adequate and sufficient laws
fori he pioteetion ol all kinds of propei ty, as above descnbed,
w itlim the hunts, of th" Tciutory ; and that, upon its faituie
oi reiu-Mi! to do so, it is tne admitted duty of Congiess to
mtei fete and pass such laws.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, when the Re-
public entered the family of nations, it proclaimed
to kings and princes, to nobles and privileged
classes, to toiling freemen and lowly bondmen,
the equality of mail. Passing now through the
eighty-fourth year of national life, America pre-
sents to the gaze of nations the humiliating and
saddening spectacle of a Republic which began its
independent existence by the promulgation of a
bill of rights as old as creation and as wide as
humanity, distracted by discordant and angry dis-
cussions upon issues growing out of the bondage
of four million men.
Slavery in America—our connections with it,
and relations to it, the obligations these connec-
tions and relations impose upon us as men, as cit-
izens of the Slates and of the United States—make
the issues of the a<?e,tho transcendent magnitude
of which command the profoundest attention of
the country. In the crowded city and the lonely
dwelling, the public press and the judicial tri-
bunal, the hall of legislation and the temple of the
living God—everywhere—goes on the " irrepress-
ible conflict'' between the sublime creed of the
charter of independence and the aggressive spirit
of slavery; between the institutions of freedom
our fatheis founded and the system of human
bondage which now darkens the land, casting its
baleful shadows over the Republic, obscuring its
luster, and marring its symmetry and beauty.
Within fifteen States of this democratic Repub-
lic, which commenced its career by uttering the
ideas of equality and liberty that live in the throb-
bing hearts of the toiling masses, and nurse even
the wavering hopes of hapless bondmen amid the
thick gloom of rayless oppression, more than four
million human beings, made in the image of God,
arc held in perpetual bondage. By inexorable
laws, sanctioned by the merciless force of public
opinion, these millions are denied the rights of
manhood, and degraded to the abject condition
of chattelhood. To them, the hallowed relations
of husband and wife, parent and child, are held
not by the sacred rights of a common humanity
but by the will of masters. The laws, the cus-
