1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
569
toms, the public opinion which have sunk these
millions from the dignity of humanity down to the
degradation of chattels, have founded and devel-
oped a privileged class, which now •controls tho
slaveholdmg States. This class now rules these
fifteen States, abrogating, in support, of its inter-
ests, the inborn, inbred, constitutional right of free-
dom of speech and freedom of the press. In these
States the power of this class is overshadowing,
resistless, complete.
Over the Federal Government this class, this
slave power, has achieved complete dominion.
The slave power this day holds the national Gov-
ernment, in all its departments, in absolute subju-
gation. In this Chamber, where sit the represent-
atives of sovereign Commonwealths, that power
retains unbroken sway. That power bids the
Supremo Court utter its decrees, and that high tri-
bunal obeys its imperative commands. That power
holds the President m the hollow of its hand, com-
pelling him to declare that" slavery exists in Kan-
sas by virtue of the Constitution;'' that' * the master
has the right to take his slave into the Territories
as property, and have it protected thereunder the
Federal Constitution;" that "neither Congress
nor the Territorial Legislature, nor any human
power, has any authority to annul or impair this
vested right." Thatpower summoned the aspir-
ing Vice President to his own Kentucky to give
his assurances " that this constitutional right
exists;" that "we must hold to this principle, we
must stand by it;" and " if it cannot be enforced
for want of proper legislation to enforce it, suf-
ficient legislation must be passed, or our Govern-
ment is a failure." That power lays its iron
hand upon the representatives of free and proud
Commonwealths in this Chamber and in the other,
compelling them to disavow their own recorded
opinions, to accept the monstrous dogma that
" neither Congress, nor a Territorial Legislature,
nor any human power has any authority to annul
or impair the vested right" of the master to have
his slave protected as property in the Territories
under the Federal Constitution. Well might the
Vice President, in view of the recent triumphs
and the imperial sway of the slave power, proudly
say to the men of his native Kentucky, " we
stand ina good position!" " We have the Exec-
utive; we have the laws; we have the courts; and
that is a great advance from where we stood ten-
years ago!"
The glowing pages of that history which re-
cords the deeds of the heroic men who, in de-
fense of the inherent and indefeasible rights of
humanity, accepted the bloody issues of civil war,
and defied and baffled the gigantic power of the
British empire, won national independence, and
framed a Constitution for united America, bear to
us of this generation the amplest evidences that
they, with rare exceptions, believed slavery to be
a local and temporary evil, which British avarice
planted and British power nurtured in America,
and which the advancing current of a humane
and Christian civilization would sweep from the
land it stained and polluted. But seventy years,
Mr. President, have now passed away since the
inauguration of the Government under the Federal
Constitution. Those six hundred thousand bond-
men, valued at less than fifty million dollars, have
increased to four million, valued at more than two
thousand million. That feeble system of Afri-
can slavery, which seemed to the hopeful eyes
of our patriotic fathers smitten with the disease
of original sin, has expanded into a gigantic sys-
tem, which new casts its chilling influences over
the land, polluting the very sources of national
life, perverting the moral sense of the nation, cor-
rupting the sentiment of justice, humanity, and
liberty, and leaving the traces of its ruinous
power upon the institutions and upon tho soil
of the Republic, which it turns to barrenness and
desolation.
Sir, this expansion and growth of the system
of African slavery, this development of the slave
power, during the past seventy years, have
wrought a wonderful change, a "complete revo-
lution, in the sentiments and opinions of the
public men who control the councils of America.
What a contrast between slavery in America in
1789 and slavery in America in 1860! Then it
was weak; now it is strong. Then its influences
over the nation were impotent; now it holds the
Government in its iron grasp. Then the public,
men who dictated the policy of the Government
deemed it to be a moral, social, and political evil,
which humanity and religion deplored; now it
is regarded by the men who control the Gov-
ernment as a positive good, a beneficent system,
"a great moral," in the words of the Senator
from Mississippi, [Mr. Brown,] "social and po-
litical blessing; a blessing to the master and a
blessing to the slave." Then, to prohibit it in
the Territories was deemed alike the right and
duty of the Government; now, the avowed doc-
trine of the Administration of the Government is,
that the slaveholders have the right to carry their
slaves as property into the Territories, and hold
them there as property by virtue of the Consti-
tution, and that " neither Congress nor a Terri-
torial Legislature, nor any human power, has
authority to annul or impair this vested right."
Then, to chcrish, as a living faith, the creed that
" all men are created equal;" to believe slavery
to be an evil; to believe with Henry that "a time
would come to abolish this lamentable evih"and
with Jefferson, that " nothing is more certainly
written in the book of fate than that this people
shall be free," brought neither proscription from
power, nor indignities from the people; now these
sentiments bring upon the public man tho pro-
scriptions of power, the ridicule and reproach of
presses m the interest of power, and subject the
American citizen, whose rights arc guarded by
constitutional guarantees, in the slave States to the
insults and degrading indignities of lawless and
brutal mobs, maddened by the fanaticism of sla-
vey, to arrests, imprisonments, fines, and banish-
ment. Thcn,thepeoplcof America confided their
new Government to theguardianshipandguidance
of statesmen, known by their acts and recorded
opinions to be unalterably opposed to the slave
trade, to the perpetuity of slavery, to its expan-
sion into the vast empire of the Northwest; now,
the public men of America, who inherit the senti-
ments and opinions of Washington, Jefferson,
Madison, Adams, Jay, Hamilton, and their illus-
trious compeers, who would consecrate the tern-
j torial possessions of the Republic to free institu-
tions for ul], are admonished,in these Chambers,
that they will not be pcmiitted, in the slave States,
to avow their sentiments, or to advocate tho elec-
tion to the Presidency, in I860, of a candidate
representing their policy; ay, that the election of
such a candidate will be cause for the dissolution
of the Union.
In the month of August, 1G20, twenty African
bondmen were borne into the waters of Virginia.
At Jamestown, m 3620, began that system of
human slavery m America, which now, in 1660,
haughtily assumes to mold and fashion the policy
of the nation; to expand itself over the vast pos-
sessions of the Republic; to repress the inborn
right of the freedom of speech and of the press;
to arrest and to imprison, to scourge and to ban-
ish American citizens for entertaining, cherishing,
and uttering the sentiments of the great statesmen
of the North and of the South, who carried us
through the fire and blood of the Revolution—
statesmen whose names arc forever associated
with national independence and constitutional free-
dom.
This system of African slavery, planted on the
shores of Virginia, grew and spread over Amer-
ica under the colonial and commercial policy of
England. Encouraged by British legislation,and
fostered by royal favor, the merchants of England
transported from the shores of Western Africa, to
the thirteen British colonies, from the middle of
the seventeenth century to 1776, more than three
hundred thousand of the children of Afiica. The
coffers of her merchants weio filled with gold,
soiled with the blood of these hapless bondmen!
For nearly two centuries the party of the slave
trade controlled the Government, and directed the
policy of England. Kings and queens, lords and
commons, judges, attorneys general, and bishops,
all gave to the traffic m the bodies of men their per-
sistentsupport. Parhamentpronounced"thetrade
highly advantageous to the kingdom and its col-
onics." Queen Anne instructed the Governor of
New York and New Jersey " to give due encour-
agement to the Royal African Company." The
merchants and manufacturers clamored for the ex-
tension and protection of the African slave traffic;
and when the charter of the Royal African Com-
pany expired, in 1749. the ports of Africa, for
thirty degrees, from Cape Blanco to Loango St.
Pauls, were thrown open to the free competition of
British commerce. Under this colonial and com-
mercial policy of England, the traffic in the bodies
of men,between the coasts of Africa and the Span-
ish, French, and British colonies in the western
world, expanded into gigantic proportions, and
slavery spread and increased-with such fearful
rapidity, that the American colonies were startled
and appalled-; and " laws designed to restrict im-
portations of slaves,'' says Bancroft,' 'are scattered,
along the records of coloniallegislatiom" To check
their importation, Virginia imposed a tax; but "the
African Company obtained the repeal of the law."
'4 The British Go vernmen t," says Madison>4 i con-
stantly checked the attempts of Virginia to put a
stop to this infernal traffic." Oglethorpe, the
founder of Georgia, forbade slavery; but "the
merchants got the Government to'sanctiefn slavery
there." Even South Carolina, for attempting to
restrict the slave traffic, received the rebuke of the
British Government, which steadily and relent-
lessly resisted all colonial action tending to check
the inhuman traffic in the souls and bodies of men.
Up to the hour of national independence, the Gov-
ernment of England sternly rejected all colonial
restrictions upon slavery and the slave trade, and
persisted in the policy of forcing that trade upon
all her colonies, which w'ere " not allowed," in
the words of the Earl of Dartmouth, in 1775, " to
check or discourage, in any degree, a traffic so
beneficial to the nation." British avarice planted
slavery m America; British legislation nurtured
and sustained it? and British statesmen sanctioned
and guarded it.
In spite, however, of the avaricc of the men
who guided the commercial and colonial policy of
England, in spite of the potent influences of the
statesmen who swayed the councils of the Throne,
the slave trade and slavery found sturdy oppo-
nents in England and America. In the middle of
the eighteenth century, years before Granville
Sharpe brought James Somerset before the King's
bench—twenty years before Lord Mansfield pro-
nounced that immortal opinion, which reversed
the joint opinion of York and Talbot, that " a
slave coming into Great Britain doth not become
free," and made it forever impossible for slaves to
breathe the air of England—John Woolman trav-
ersed America, proclaiming to Christian men that
" the practice of continuing men in slavery waft
not right;" that "liberty,was the natural right of
all men equally." This early apostle of eman-
cipation found many slave masters on the banks
of the Hudson, the Delaware, and the Potomac,
who encouraged the emancipation of the 'bond-
men, " because they had no contract for their la-
bor, and liberty was their right." During the
years of agitation and discussion, from the treaty
of Paris in 1762 to the opening dawn of the Rev-
olution at Lexington—years during which the
rights of the colonies and the rights of mwere
discussed with masterly power by the most gifted
minds of America, the popular leadersin New Eng-
land, the middle colonics, and Virginia, did not
fail to see and to acknowledge the wrongfulness
of slavery, and to denounce the slave traffic and
the slave-extending policy of the British Govern-
ment. The records of those days of trial and of
glory will bear to all coming time the amplest evi-
dence that the men who inaugurated the Revolu-
tion—carried America from colonial dependence
to national independence, were not only hostile to
the slave trade, but to the perpetual existence of
slavery itself.
When the First Congress assembled in 1774,
the humanity of the colonies, long repressed and
baffled by the power of England, found utterance.
That assemblage of illustrious men declared that
" God never intended a part of the human race to
hoid property in, and unbounded power over,
others;" that they " would not import slaves, or
buy slaves imported by others.'' These illustrious
statesmen framed the articles of association which
united the colonies in one federative Union. By
the second article of that bond of union, the slave
trade was prohibited; and that prohibition of the
inhuman traffic m man was sustained by the men
of the North and the men of the South, and by
the colonies of the North and of the South. Thus
did the slave trade, which Jefferson afterwards,in
the original draft of the Declaration, branded as
an " execrable commerce," a " piratical warfare,"
receive the condemnation of the men who accepted
the bloody issues of civil war in defense of their
periled liberties.
