1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2533
said that this is a service which, aside from the
consideration that this measure prevents useful
and salutary reforms in the way of reducing the
expenses, is a matter that ought to be continued,
even though the expenses might be enhanced—
though it will not be enhanced—as a means of
communication betwixt not merely the border
States on this side of the mountains, but with
the other States that hold constant communica-
tion and must have constant communication with
California and the other western States and Terri-
tories.
I hope therefore, Mr. President, that we will
vote down this amendment, and let us come di-
rectly to the amendment that is proposed by the
Committee on Finance, which really involves the
real merit of this question, and then we will make
a disposition of it which will be satisfactory,
and, I believe, will tend to useful reforms in the
Post Office Department; but as long as we attempt
to tie up the hands of the Postmaster General m
this way, we will find that we shall be doing dam-
age, instead of carrying forward the great object
we have fii view.
Mr. POWELL. The venerable Senator from
Rhode Island, in reply to a remark I made about
the increase of postage, exhibited some tabular
statement to show that low postage would pro-
duce the most revenue. I have a tabular state-
ment here that I wish to exhibit for the benefit of
the Senator. By the law of 1845 the postage was
reduced to five and ten cents. That reduction
was not so great but that the Department was
self-sustaining. I see that, in 1850, the excess of
revenue over the expenditures was $260,967 74.
In 1851 the excess of revenues was $112,623 81.
In 18ol the law passed reducing postages to the
present rates of three cents. The next year, un-
der the operation of that law, the total excess of
expenditure was $2,098,671 18. I find that in
1851, the year before the present law went into
effect, the total revenues of the Department vveie
$6,404,373 65; in 1852, the first year it went into
effect, the total receipts were $5,016,039 26; show-
* ing a falling off of postage, the very year following
the passage of that law, of $1,388,344 38. About
one sixth of the revenue was lost under its oper-
ations. I think that is conclusive that the rate of
postage established by the act of 1845 will bring
more revenue than that of 1851. If the Senator
had taken into consideration the increase of the
commerce and the business of the country, he
would have found that that would have increased
the correspondence, and would account for the
exhibition as shown by the table which he pro-
duced.
Mr. SIMMONS. I think there is a very satis-
factory reason to account for the foiling off of rev-
enue at first, particularly upon the reduction of
postages to so great an extent. The people had
not changed their habits in a single year-. I think
the last year of the first reductions, when the
system had become known in the country,isafair
criterion to go by. I showed that, making all the
allowances to which the Senator from Kentucky
alludes, for increase of business a*id population,
still there is a large increase in favor of the re-
duced postage. Nobody, I suppose,pretends that
business increases any faster than population.. I
have taken in each case the increase of population,
and then took the last year after this second re-
duction; and now, if you come to increase the
postage, the people would continue their corre-
spondence, and there would be more letters written
than if you had never reduced the postage, be-
cause the people have got a habit of correspond-
ing.
But my purpose was to show that when these
several systems had got fairly into operation, and
men had carried on their correspondence, and be-
came in the habit of realizing the advantages of
cheap postage, that the rate per man, in the Uni-
ted States, in the last year, 1859, if the tables are
to be relied upon, was thirtypercent. greater than
the last year of the high postage, taking the al-
lowance forincrease of population, calling it twen-
ty-eight million a year ago, which, I suppose, will
be about the right number, if we have thirty mil-
lion this month when the census is taken. 1 have
heard people estimate it at that. For that reason
I took that basis. When you come to change the
system, as we did in 1851, reducing the postage
from five and ten cents, the five cent postage be-
ing confined within three hundred miles and the
three cent postage extending overthree'thousand
miles, taking the entire slope this side of the
mountains, whereas six sevenths had to pay ten
cents before, when that reduction first took place,
of course there was a reduction at first. The
habits of the people do not change alLat once.
The first year you cannot expect anything but a
reduction. So it was when the reduction was
made from five and ten cents to three cents; hut,
after a few years' experience in both cases, the
revenue increased. That is a full illustration of
the wisdom of the policy of reducing this as a
matter of revenue, aside from the benefits result-
ing to the people. 1 do not enlarge upon them,
because I think the Postmaster General does not
recommend an increase of postage, if I under-
stand his report. I would like the Senator from
Maryland to tell whether that is one of the re-
forms recommended by the Postmaster General—
an increase of postage.
Mr. PEARCE. On the contrary, he supposes
the rates of postage do not noed an increase.
Mr. SIMMONS. Now, the Senator from Ken-
tucky, after commenting upon the wisdom and
sagacity of the present head of the Post Office De-
partment, and saying that Congress were bound
to carry out his suggestions as made in wisdom,
went on himself and said that, if he could not
make this Department self-sustaining, we ought
to increase the postage, when the Postmaster
General is right the other way.
Mr. PEARCE. Are you speaking of me ?
Mr. SIMMONS. No, sir; of the Senator from
Kentucky. He proposed to resort to an increase
of the rate of postage, when he was readmgfrom
the Postmaster Generals report, which recom-
j mends no such thing, and is, I believe, against it.
I should be very sorry, in voting for this amend-
ment of the Senator from Vermont, that we should
do any injustice. That is not my purpose; and
I am sure it is not his. We do not want to em-
barrass the Postmaster General with putting on
routes that are useless. Let him exercise his dis-
cretion about reducing the service. In making
up this table the Senator from Kentucky thought
I had taken some that were not fair. I took the
last year under every rate of postage—the last
year under the high rates of 1845, the last year
under the reduced rates of 1851, and the last year
under the present reduced rates, 1859. I think
that is fair, because it is, after all, the experience
that has been had of the system in each case. I
would like, if I had time,, to show some of the
advantages, aside from mere revenue, arisipgfrom
this reduction; but 1 will not detain the Senate
by doing so. I hope the vote will be taken.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Iverson
in the chair.) The question is on the amendment
offered by the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. HEMPHILL. I offer an amendment to
the amendment of the Senator from Vermont, and
I ask him to accept it. It is to substitute the fol-
lowing from his amendment:
" Nor to lestoic M-rvicc betwucn San Diego, California,
awl Fott Yuma, on route 807G."
It cuts off only that portion of route 8076 which
lies between Fort Yuraaand San Diego. To make
the Senate understand it, 1 will merely remark
that the portion of the route 8076 which lies be-
tween El Paso and Fort Yuma was cut off before
Mr. Holt came in. It was cut off by Postmaster
General Brown. After Mr. Holt became Post-
master General, that portion of the route which
lies between San Diego, California, and Fort
Yuma, was cut off first. Then they have cut off,
since the 1st of May, another portion between El
Paso and Camanche Springs. I wish that amend-
ment, introduced first by the honorable Senator
from Maryland, " nor to restore the service on
route 8076, from San Antonio to San Diego," to
be stricken out of the amendment of the Senator
from Vermont.
Mr. COLLAMER. The amendment of the
Senator from Maryland I accepted. I do not
wish to interfere with it without his consent.
Mr. PEARCE. It has my perfect consent.
I will withdraw my suggestion if the Senator
chooses, for it was not an amendment. I sug-
gested it, and the Senator accepted it.
Mr. COLLAMER. I will modify my amend-
ment by taking out the words indicated, which
were put in at the suggestion of the Senator from
Maryland.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Vermont withdraws that portion offered by
the Senator from Maryland*
Mr. PEARCE. Not an amendment offered by
me, but a mere suggestion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It was adopted
by the Senator from Vermont, and he aovlr with-
draws it. ,
Mr. POLK. I hope the Senator from Vermont
will also withdraw that portion of it that prevents
a restoration of the service from St. Joseph to
Placerville.
Mr. COLLAMER. Do you want it > If that
is a point of dispute, I will withdraw it.
Mr. POLK. Yes, sir; I want that stricken Out
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not wish that to be
restored.
Mr. POLK. No; I do not wish that retained
in your amendment. I wish the Postmaster Gen-
eral to have the privilege of establishing a weekly
service there, if, in his judgment, he thinks it the
best way in which it coula be done.
Mr. COLLAMER. Undoubtedly, he can do
that anywhere under my amendment.
Mr. RICE. He has that power without any
amendment.
Mr. POLK. I understand the effect of the
amendment of the Senator from Vermont is, that
he shall not restore in the cases excepted in hia
amendment; and among those 
Mr. COLLAMER. I say this bill does not
restore them; not that he shall flo.t. He has a right
t® do it.
Mr. POLK. Well, I understand- that, Mr.
President. This exception exists in that amend-
ment. If there is any reason for having the ex-
ception in there at all, that reason existsfas I
think, for having this particular route taken out
of the exception.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have this to say: I ac-
cepted those two suggestions of the Senator from
Maryland, because I thought they were cases
clearly established, and that there was no dispute
about them. Now, I understand from the Sena-
tor from Missouri that there is a dispute about
them. He does not want them excepted; and on
that ground I will strike that out, and leave the
amendment stand as I presented it in the first
place.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will read the amendment in its present shape.
Mr. COLLAMER. It is the same amendment,
merely taking off the rider.
The Secretary read the amendment, after the
word " Tennessee,"in line thirty-four, to insert:
Nor to restore service on route 10615 from Neosho, Mis-
souri, to Albuquerque, New Mexico; nor to restore ser-
vice on route 151)50 from Kansas, Missouri, via Santa Fe,
New Mexico, to Stockton, California. No service hereby
restored shall be put in operation unless by assent of the
contractors therefor, or by advertising the same in case of
their refusal. Nothing in this act shall be taken to deprive
the Postmaster General of the power to discontinue or cur-
tail any mail service, including that hereby restored, when-
ever, in his opinion, the interest of the public will be
thereby piomoted.
Mr. GREEN. I wish to propose a little amend-
ment in the latter clause of that amendment, to
this effect: " so far as authorized by existing
laws." I do not want this to be considered new
legislation, but simply to leave him the power he
has under existing laws.
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not accept that at all,
because that seems to indicate a doubt about his
power. I do not think there is any at all.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Missouri oflfer it as an amendment to
the amendment?
Mr. GREEN. Yes, sir; I move it as an amend-
ment to the amendment,., I think it is proper.
Mr. HALE. Do not make a speech.
Mr. GREEN. I am not going to make a
sneech
The PRESIDING'OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment to the amendment.
The question "being put, on a division, there
were—ayes 16, noes 10; no quorum voting.
Mr. HUNTER. I think we had better have
the yeas and nays. There is a quorum present.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. RICE. Mr. President, I must confess that
I do not understand this; and I hope I maybe
pardoned when I say it all appears to me to be a
farce. Here a bill comes in from the House with
a section in it which is objected to by the Com-
mittee on Finance, and itis attempted to be amend-
ed so as to make it read yes,.am to make it read
