1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1589
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection; but
it struck me that if the Constitution was to be
changed, or any recommendation of that kind
made, it would probably come more appropri-
ately from the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr.1 GREEN. It affects the Territories only.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no kind of objec-
tion.
Mr. GREEN. I care nothing at all about it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. What committee
does the Senator indicate?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I indicate the Judiciary
Committee, unless there is objection.
Mr. GREEN. There is 110 objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The memorial will
go to the Committee on the Judiciary.
MARY "WALBACII.
Mr. POWELL. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to take up the bill No. 245, reported
by the Committee on Pensions, for the relief of
Mary Walbach, widow of the late Brevet Briga-
dier General Walbach. This lady is over eighty
years old, is very infirm, and in very straitened
circumstances. I think it a very meritorious case.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
suggest to the Senator from Kentucky that the
Chief Clerk lias gone to the House of Representa-
tives to carry some bills, and it is difficult to find
them here. The Chair will receive morning busi-
ness, if the Senator will waive his motion until
the return of the Clerk.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. FITZPATRICK asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. No. 25) manifesting the sense of
Congress towards the officers and seamen of the
vessels and others engaged in the rescue of the
officers and soldiers of the Army, the passengers,
and the officers and crew of the steamship San
Francisco, from perishing with the wreck of that
vessel; which, with the papers on the files of the
Senate relating to the subject, was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and Militia.
Mr. BENJAMIN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
382) for the relief of the heirs and legal representa-
tives of Olivier Landry, of the State of Louisiana;
which was read tsvice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. W1GPALL, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. No. 26) to continue the light-ship
at the entrance to Galveston Harbor; which was
read twice by its title,, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. FOOT, from the Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred the petition of James Myer,
praying compensation for services rendered and
losses sustained by him as quartermaster to the
Mexican boundary line commission, submitted a
report, accompanied by a bill (S. No. 383) for
the relief of James Myer. The bill was read, and
passed to a second reading; and the report was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. HARLAN. The Committee on Public
Lands, to whom the subject was referred, have
instructe^me to report a bill (S. No. 384) author-
izing the aale of abandoned military reservations.
I move that the letter of the Secretary of the In-
terior, accompanying the bill, be printed.
The bill was read, and passed to a second read-
ing; and the letter of the Secretary of the Interior
was ordered to be printed.
OBSTRUCTION TO A STREET.
Mr. HAMLIN submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That tiie Committee ofi Public Buildings and
Grounds be diiected to inquire by what authority K street
north has been obstructed by the erection of a market-
iionsL* therein, and also, into the expediency of making pro-
visions for Us mnoval.
ACCOUNTS OF ISAAC COOK.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resoh>cd, That the Postmaster General be directed to
communicate to the Senate copies of all reports or other „
papeis fiom any agent or agents of the Post Office Depart-
ment, in relation to the condition of the post office at Chi-
cago, tllinob, during the service of I. Cook, as postmaster
at said oflice.
Mr. WILSON subsequently moved to recon-
sider the vote on the passage ef the resolution,
desiiing it to lie over, so that he might modify it;
which was agreed to.
INDIAN AFFAIRS IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. LATHAM. I submit a resolution of in-
quiry, and ask for its consideration now. It is
connected with business that comes up for discus-
sion on Monday, and I hope it will be adopted:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be required
to furnish this body with copies of alj correspondence or
rem?rts made by the present superintendent or agents of the
Indian department, or by the special agent of the Govern-
ment, J. ttoss Browne, relating to the condition or man-
agement of the Indians and their reservations in California.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
COURTS IN ARKANSAS.
Mr. GREEN. I ask the Senate to take up and
consider the bill (No. 172) to establish a court in
the western district of Arkansas. It is a formal
matter, and will involve no debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that the bill suggested by the Senator from
Kentucky has been found, and would probably
come up regularly first; bijt if their be no objec-
tion, the Chair will recognize the Senator from
Missouri.
Mr. BROWN. Before the Senator from Mis-
souri proceeds, I desire to ask whether at one
o'clock District business will come up ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will call
up the District business at one o'clock.
Mr. GREEN. I move to take up the bill No.
172. It is a mere formal matter.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceecjgd to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 172) concerning the courts
of the United States in the district of Arkansas.
It provides that there shall be a district judge of
the United States for the western district of Ar-
kansas, at a salary of $2,500, who shall reside in
that district, and have the same jurisdiction and
powers now exorcised within that district by the
judge of the district of Arkansas, whose jurisdic-
tion and authority are to be hereafter confined to
the eastern district of Arkansas. It also provides
that there shall be hereafter two terms of the cir-
cuit court for the eastern district of Arkansas, on
the second Mondays of April and October in each
year.
The bill was reported from the Committee on
the Judiciary with an amendment, to add, as anew
section:
Sec. 3. Jlndbcit further cnaded, That it shall be incum-
bent on the attorneys, marshals, and clerks, of the district
courts in the eastern and western districts of Arkansas, to
reside within their respective districts.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GREEN. Now I move an amendment in
regard to the terms of the courts. I move, in sec-
tion two, line four, after the wo^d " year," to in-
sert "and four terms of the district court of the
western district of Arkansas, on the second Mon-
days of March, June, September, and Decem-
ber;" in line five, to strike out the words " cir-
cuit court," and insert " courts;" in line six, to
strike out the word " district," and insert " two
districts;" and in the same line to strike out the
word "is,"and insert "arc;" so that the section
will then read:
Sfc. 9. Jlnd he it further cnartcd, That there shall hcre-
aftei be two terms of the circuit court of the United States
held for the eastern district ot Arkansas, on the second
Mondays of April and October in each year, and four terms
of the district court of the western district of Arkansas, on
the second Mondays ot March, June, Septeinher, and De-
cember, ut the sAiiie place vihcre the courts of the United
States lor the two district's of Arkansas are now held.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KING. I should like to hear some reason
why it is necessary to multiply these districts
and officers.
Mr. GREEN. I do not want any discussion
on this bill, because the time has nearly run out.
It embraces an Indian country, and it is indis-
pensable to have a judge there always ready to
adjudge Indian cases that arise in the Indian ter-
ritory. The bill met the unanimous approbation
of the committee, and I do not think there is any
reason why wo should object to it. The western
district of Arkansas includes the Cherokee, Choc-
taw, and Chickasaw nations.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did not intend to inter-
pose an objection to the bill; but I do not wish to
be understood, as I ami one of the Judiciary Com-
mittee, as being an advocate fpr the bill. I simply
acquiesced in letting it conie here.
Mr. GREEN. That is correct. ,
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am not disposed to, in-
terfere in regard to it, if the Senate think proper
to pass it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire to say a word or
two in vindication of the action of the Judiciary
Committee, and I think Senators will be perfectly
satisfied about it. In the State of Arkansas there are
now two districts. There are marshals and clerks
in both districts, but there is but one judge. The
western district of Arkansas comprises the Indian
country, and the principal business of that court
is to take cognizance of criminal offenses commit-
ted by Indians. The Indians are never able to
give bail, and consequently, as soon as one is ar-
rested, he is kept in prison until he is tried. Thg
extent of the district is such, that it is utterly im-
possible for the judge of the eastern district to hold
frequent courts in the western district. The ex-
tent of country is very great; it is an unsettled
country ; and hence the necessity of having a
judge residing in the western district, who shall
be there always to take cognizance of crimes oc-
curring amongst the Indians, and have them speed-
ily disposed of, making jail deliveries, instead of
keeping those unfortunate creatures in jail fof six
months before they can be tried. The only addi-
tional officer is one judge. Already marshals and
clerks exist. The judge in the eastern district can-
not hold courts in the eastern district, by possi-
bility , and also do the requisite business in relation
to those Indians in the western district. If Sena-
tors would glance over the map, they would see
that the district of country is enormous. If he
were to travel all the time he could not attend to
it. The bill then provides for no additional officer
but a judge, who is to reside in the western dis-
trict, and who is to hold four terms a year, instead
of two; and the bill provides that the marshal and
clerk shall also reside in the western district. We
are told there is an abuse in that respect now—
that they reside in the eastern district, and that
they are with difficulty found in the western dis- '
trict. The object is to take care of the Indians, and
do what is just and humane towards them.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. It is purely an
Indian district. It is no -district that was ever
made for Arkansas, in fact. There were but a few
counties of Arkansas put in it to give them juris-
diction. There are over fifty counties in the State,
and, as my colleague suggests, there are but seven
counties m the western district, so as to enable
them to have jurors and give a location to the
court. The jurisdiction of the court extends to
the one hundredth degree of west longitude. It
embraces five nations of civilized Indians. The
crimes that are committed there are increasing,
and the business of that court is extending, and
has extended immensely since its establishment.
The necessity of this measure has been recog-
nized so far that during two successive Congresses
under this Administration there has been an ex-
press recommendation made that we should have
a court there established, inside of that Indian
country; but it cannot well be done, for reasons
that will be palpable to every man's mind.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in; and the
bill was ordered to be engrossed, and was read the
third time.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I understand from gen-
tlemen that, although there are two.courts now in
Arkansas, there is but one judge there.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Yes, sir.
The bill was passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message, from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Hates, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the bill of the Senate (No. 250) .
for the relief of Kate D. Taylor, widow of the late
Brevet Captain Oliver H. P. Taylor.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
had signed the following enrolled bills; which
thereupon received the signature of the Vice Pres-
ident:
A bill (C. C. No. 12) for the relifef of Moses
Noble;
A bill- (C. C. No. 82) for the relief of Charner
T. Scaife, administrator of Gilbert Stalker;
