148
APPENDIX TO THE OONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 24,
36th Cong.... 1st
Election of Spealcer-—Mr. Corwin.
Ho. of Reps.
didate of the Deimocrati'c party, which had a great
majority in Ohio, was elected Governor of the
State; and in his message to the,Legislature, he
said:
" While public opinion may be divided, perhaps, on the
law, [the fugitive slave bill,] there is, nevertheless, another
matter in close connection with it, on which it is believed
the sentiments of the people are entirely united. The area
' of slavery must never be extended in tins Government while
the voice, the united voice, and action of Ohio, in any con-
stitutional form, can stay it. Here, with propriety, we may
take our stand. Thus far, proud wave, shaitthou advance,
but no further shalt thon,come."
"What did that mean ? You shall never have
another slave State in the Union. You shall never
establish slavery in another Territory of the Uni-
ted States. The political voice of the Democratic
party of Ohio had spoken in that language in 1848.
In 1852, the embodiment of it in the gubernatorial
office of that State proclaimed the sentiments that
I have read. I do not say now that Governor
Wood was wrong, or that the Democratic party
was -wrong; but I only say that mutability is
stamped on all human things.
Now, 1 ask how can the Democratic people of
the North sit still and hear the Republican party
denounced as disorganizes and disunionists, ancl
as disloyal to the Constitution, as they are de-
nourw:d every hour and every day? The accusing
eloquence of these southern men has been brought
in full volume of rich rhetoric, and launched on
the heads of the Republican party, while, as I
have shown, they have only followed in the foot-
steps of the northern Democrats. The only dif-
ference is, that, as we think we have derived our
principles from the founders of the Republic, and
as ouj doctrines are sanctified by executive and
judicial and legislative approbation, we choose
rather to follow these old principles than to take
up with new-fangled doctrines. Can you not for-
give us for that? If we be mistaken, can you not
suppose that, at least, wo think we are doing
right > Do you suppose we ever intend to go into
your States, and interfere with you there ? There
is not a man of you who can delude himself into
the belief that we have any idea of subverting this
g-lcftious Union, which we worship so much that
wo believe every word and every syllable of the
fathers' sayings. Now, I wish to announce that
the day has gone by that these things will be heard
without response. This question shall be tried
here, if we can ever organize. Then it shall be
brought to the standard of constitutional law, on
canons of construction that have been admitted
evor since the intellect of man operated on the con-
struction of language; and we will try conclusions
with the gentlemen of the South-. Moreover, if
you announce, us you have done, that this Union
shall be dissolved; that this constitutional Con-
federacy of ours shall be broken up, because the
people of the North choose to elect a President—
a man whom you do not like—we shall see where
the treason really lies.
That is my view of the subject. I think I am
the most placable man that was ever born of
woman. I am prepared to enter into this contro-
versy with gentlemen, lilcc brethren—to contro-
vert these matters as statesmen, if we can elevate
ourselves to that position, and submit to a candid
world to dccide who is right. If the world decide
against us, depend upon it that we slmll believe
we have misapprehended the public opinion of
the country, and shim submit to whatever award
that public opinion may make. That, in this
country, is the final arbiter of all controversies of
this kind, and must be obeyed. In the mean time,
I warn Dcmocraticgentlemen to remember that a
doctrine is now coming up from the South that the
inhabitants of a Territory have no power to pro-
hibit slavery therein. Parties have so divided the
people of the country that they have begun to
consider themselves enemies; and we, instead of
considering ourselves the "conscript fathers " of
the people, bound to consider the interests, not
of one State but of all the States, have commenced
to regard ourselves as the diplomatic Representa-
tives of particular sections of the country. I hold
that every man on this floor is the Representative
of every man, woman, and child in the Republic;
and every act which he does, in a national aspect,
must operate for good or for evil on all. 1 hold that
a man who acts for his section, and not for the
Union, does not comprehend the great duty that
he is sent here to discharge. Our fathers intended
that Representatives should be elected by districts,
because then they would be well known to the
electors; but they meant that when here, and
after they had taken the oath, they should be
just as much the Representatives of every district
in the United States as of the district that sent
them. That is my conception of our duty. That,
I know, was the idea of the fathers who made the
Republic, and formed the House as it is now
formed.
Suppose us assembled together,Mr. Clerk, with
these feelings, and called on to legislate for the
Territories that belong to us all—that were won
by the common blood and common treasure of
all: what would we then say? We would say
this: " There are certain portions of our ehildrer
in the South who have ptoperty which will not
prove of any worth, to them in the cold latitudes
of this territory. They cannot go there. There
are certain other children of this family of ours—
poor people, as we call them, meaning those who
must work for their living—and I hope that men
will always be compelled to work in some way,
with the head or hand, for an honest living—and
here is the territory lying beyond the Missis-
sippi, called Kansas and Nebraska, for which
Congress has power to make all needful rules and
regulations; let them go there." In the Territo-
ries are emigrants from the State of Georgia, from
Virginia, from all the States of the East and the
West. Your own constituents are the relations
and dear friends of these people. So are mine.
They are unacquainted with each other; a hetero-
geneous people, not yet homogeneous enough to
make their own laws in harmony.
When we prohibit slavery in a Territory, we
allow men from all the States to go there with the
same rights exactly. While a man from a slave
State may not take a slave into the Territory and
hold him in slavery, neither can one of my chil-
dren in Ohio purchase a ne^ro in Kentucky and
take him there, and hold him as a slave. Is not
that equally just to all' I know that you say
every one should go there with his property of
whatever kind; but I say that this law of inhibit-
ing slavery is equal and just to men of every sec-
lion. Everybody may go theie with the same
sort of property. We make 110 distinction be-
tween any. If it be a Territory in which slave
labor is unprofitable, yau ought to be rebuked
from the mere motive of economy. Let us look
at it as a mere question of economy. The whole
country belongs to us, and you arc our chil-
dren. We are to divide it among you. Sup-
pose you have one son who can work in a warm
climate, and another who can work in a cold cli-
mate. In dividing your estate between them, you
give to each that portion of it which suits his
wants in that respect. You have one a mechanic;
you do not give him a farm, and set him to work
as a farmer. Neither should you take the negro
to vifork where his labor would be unprofitable.
Mr. REAGAN. I understand the gentleman
is now speaking for the Republican party.
Mr. CORWIN. No, sir; I am speaking for
a leader of that party. [Laughter.]
Mr. REAGAN. Then I ask the gentleman for
himself, and not for the Republican party, if he
recognizes the right of people owning slaves to go
into a Territory in a southern latitude, and oc-
cupy that Territory with their slaves with the
protection of the Government?
Mr. CORWIN. Now I will speak for my-
self alone. If you acquire territory by treaty,
! and the people m it hold slaves, 1 would not,
j against their i\ ill, interfere with slaveiy there. 1
■ would act in that particular justas the Congresses
, of 1708 and 1S04 acted in relation to Mississippi
and Oilcans Territories. If slavery were there,
I would not disturb it. I would not interfere
with the rights of property against the will of the
people; and if you get territory where the white
man cannot work, I would permit people of the
States to send their slaves there; and when there,
certainly I would protect them, if protection were
wanted. I agree with the gentlemen of the ex-
treme South in one point: whenever you can
show me that, under the laws and Constitution
of the United States, (as you phrase it, under the
Constitution,) slavery is lawfully in a Territory,
I hold it to be a duty to make laws to protect
property lawfully held anywhere, if such laws
be necessary for its protection; but remember,
1 do not believe that the Constitution takes sla-
very into Territories, or anywhere else. Slavery
is the creature of local, municipal law. When-
ever you acquire a territory where slavery ex-
ists, if you have a treaty sanctioned by two thirds
of the Senate of the United States, you are just as
sure of slavery as we are sure of what we call
"freedom"in Ohio. I dare say that some ofmy
tender-footed brethren on the Republican side of
the House wince a little at that, but I act upon
possibilities and upon probabilities.
And there is another thing which you do which
is totally at war with one of the fundamental max-
ims of our Government. You begin by sending
forth to the world the very doctrines of Rousseau's
social compact—that Government claims its right-
ful authority from the consent of the people gov-
erned. And then you conquer a country, and a
part is ceded to you, but no consent of the people
thus ceded is ever asked. You seize them and
govern them, whether they consent or not. You
did not ask the people of California or New Mex-
ico whether they were willing' to be 'American
citizens. You took the treaty and you took the
lands and the people. So when you get Cuba—
which you will not get soon; but whenever you
do get it, if you ever should, slavery willbe there;
and the Spanish Government, when it cedes that
island, will say that you shall take the people
with all their rights of property. That is sure
to be done, if the time ever arrives when you are
to acquire Cuba. So if you acquire territory
where white men cannot work. There are such
countries; I have been told so by the best physi-
cians I ever knew. What do you want with such
territory, unless you have slaves, if it be true that
free negroes will not work without coercion? If
I were the father of all the world, and I had some
children who could work in cold and temperate
climates, I would send tliem there to work; and
if I had other children who could work only in
the warmer portions of the globe, I would send
them there; and if they would not go, I would
make them.
A Member. Who would get the wages?
Mr. CORWIN. I would take care of that until
they could take care of themselves. [Laughter.]
I am not speaking of constitutional law. I look
at society as it is. What will you do with the
men who will not work, and will eat! I know
what we do with them in Ohio. Wc send them
to the poor-house, and make them work. Some,
for reasons known to the law, are sent to the
penitentiary, where they are deprived of their
inalienable right to liberty. That is a question we
cannot discuss here. 1 state it for the benefit of
weak brothers, who never think about the matter.
[Laughter.] I have no authority to be the mas-
ter of this world, and the question some gentleman
asks mo I can never answer. If I had the power
and the wisdom of the Almighty, it seems to mo
I would dispose of the raco ■ as I have indicated.
If my white son would not work in the proper
place for him, I would punish him; and if I had
a black man, who, like the anaconda, fattened
upon malaria, and only lived well in a rice swamp,
there I would make him go.
I know I have no right to do anything of that
kind. The moral right, according to our concep-
tions of God's will, meets with a different inter-
pretation in the different countries of the world.
One of the .most honest, upright men of all the
Roman emperors 1 ever read of—I mean Vespa-
sian—took thirty thousand Jewish prisoners
when he went to conquer Judea. He pledged
the honor of a Roman general that, if these men
surrendered, they should receive quarter and be
treated as prisoners of war. When he came to
hold a council of war as to what disposition should
be made of them, every officer was for killing
them. They said, "If the emperor trust them
upon parole of honor, there is- no faith in the
Jews, and to-morrow they will be killing us."
The question put was like the celebrated speech
of a Scotch colonel, in the army of Gustavus
Adolphus. The commander-in-chief, before a
certain engagement, ordered that each one of his
colonels should make a speech at the head of his
regiment. The old Scotchman, who had never
done anything in his life but cleave skulls, said:
