570
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
"When the Declaration of Independence was
proclaimed, nearly half a million of men were held
in bondage in America. Influenced by the rising
spirit of liberty, by the awakened sense of the
natural rights of man, which had found utterance
in the charter of independence, the northern States
early adopted measures tending to emancipation.
Nor were efforts for the emancipation of the bond-
men confined to the northern States. Jefferson and
Wythe, commissioned to revise the laws of Vir-
ginia, after the peace of 1783, prepared a plan
of gradual emancipation; but timid counsels pre-
vailed, and the Old Dominion failed to take her
place m the list of free Commonwealths. Timid-
ity, the sordid spirit of gain, the lust and pride of
the privileged class—not the humane sentiments of
Washington and Henry, Jefferson and Wythe,
Mason and Randolph — controlled the policy of
that great State. But Mr. Jefferson, in a letter to
Dr. Price, of England, in 1785, thus spoke of the
cause of emancipation in Virginia:
"This is the next State to which we may turn our eyes
for the interesting spectacle of justice in conjlirt mth avarice
a-rul oj>pression—a conflict wherein the sacred ^ide is daily
gaining recruits, from the influx into office of young men,
grown up and growing up. These have sucked in the prin-
ciples ot liberty, as it were, with their mothers' milk ; and
it is to them I look with aiixiety to turn the fate of the
question."
When the convention assembled in May, 1787,
to frame the Constitution of the United States,
Massachusetts was a free Commonwealth. The
foot of the slave no longer pressed the rock of
Plymouth, nor the hallowed sods of Lexington,
Concord, or Bunker Hill. Other northern States
had taken measures for ultimate emancipation;
but slavery, in its modified form, still lingered in
the North. In the whole country nearly six hun-
dred thousand human beings were held in servi-
tude ; but these bondmen were only estimated at the
average value of eighty dollars each; and Elbridge
Gerry estimated the whole value of the slaves at
that time, south of the Potomac, at $10,000,000.
Slavery existed in each of the States by the mere
force of the laws, usages, and regulations of the
people of each State, where it was recognized as a
mere local institution.
In that assemblage of illustrious statesmen, met
to frame a Constitution for a free people, were
men whose wisdom in council and valor m the
field had carried the country through the fire of
a revolutionary war. The baptism of freedom
was on their brows, and its spirit burned in their
bosoms. Over that assemblage of statesmen pre-
sided the peerless Washington, who " wished as
much as any man living to see slavery abolished
by legislative authority;" and to " accomplish
it by the only proper and effective mode,*'his
" suffrage should never be wanting." Franklin
regarded slavery as "an atrocious debasement
of hum«fi nature," and he was prepared to 44 stop
to the verge of vested power to discourage e\ery
speeiesof traffic in the bodies of out fellow-men."
Madison, whose name is ibYever associated with
the Constitution of the United States, pronounced
slavery " a dreadful calamity," and he " thought
it wrong to admit in the Constitution the idea that
there could be property in man." Gouvemeur
Morris, whose hand was to give the finishing
form to-the work of the convention, denounced
slavery as " a nefarious institution." Luther Mar-
tin believed that "God whs Lord of all, viewing
with equal eye the poor African slave and his
American master;" and he would "authorize the
General Government to make such regulations as
should be most advantageous for the gradual abo-
lition of slavery and the emancipation of the slaves
which were already in the States." Elbndge
Gerry " would leave slavery to be dealt with by
the States, but he would give no sanction to it."
Oliver Ellsworth believed "slavery would soon
be only a speck in the country." George* Mason
declared that slavery produced "the most perni-
cious effects on manners;" that " every master of
slaves is born a petty tyrant;" that "it brought
the enrse of Heaven on a country." Roger Sher-
man " would not tax slaves, because it would
imply that they were property." llufus King
would by organic law enact that "slavery shall
be forever prohibited" in the western Territories.
Alexander Hamilton. James Wilson, Robert Mor-
ris, and other statesmen, whose names are im-
perishably associated with the constitutional his-
tory of the Republic, have left in the lecords of the
I hep- •ynt«nv )Ms' of hostility shiyiy
The framers of the Constitution, like the members
of the first Congress, who branded the slave trade;
the members of the Congress of 1776, who declared
that " all men are created equal;" and the mem-
bers of the Congress of 1787, who stamped the
words " slavery shall be and is forever prohib-
ited" on every foot of the territory northwest of
the Ohio, were hostile to the traffic in men, to the
extension of slavery, and to its perpetuity in
America.
But there came hito that convention the repre-
sentatives of a small but powerful class, which
clung, in South Carolina and Georgia, with re-
lentless tenacity, to the British slave-trading and
slave-extending and slave-perpetuating policy.
In " complaisance to this class in South Carolina
and Georgia," the signers of the Declaration of
Independence had erased from the original draft
of Jefferson the arraignment of the British mon-
arch for " waging cruel war against human na-
ture itself," " violating its most sacred rights of
life and liberty in the persons of a distant people,
who never offended him, captivating and carry-
ing them into slavery in another hemisphere."
This class had broken the sccond article of the
association of union, which prohibited the im-
portation and the traffic in slaves; and m that time
of trial and of anxiety, when the men who had met
undismayed the power of England on the perilous
ridges of battle, trembled for the future of their
country, the representatives of this slavcholding
class of the extreme South came into that council
of patriotic statesmen ready to peni the unity of
the Republic, unless they could wrina; from the
convention the power to continue the inhuman,
loathsome, and polluted traffic in the muscles and
bones of men—a traffic which Jefferson branded
as an "execrable commerce," and Madison pro-
nounced "infernal." To silence the clamorous
demands of the Rutledges and Pmckneys, the
Butlers and Baldwins—the representatives of this
class—the convention made a compromise by
which they permitted the slave trade to continue
for twenty years longer, unchecked by national
legislation, three fifths of the slaves to be repre-
sented in the House, and a provision to he incor-
porated into the Constitution for the rendition of
persons owing service or labor in one State es-
caping into another. These concessions were
wrung from the convention, not by the power of
the slaveholdmg class, but by its weakness rather;
by the fatal confidence of the statesmen of that
day that slavery would soon pass away under the
influences of the ideas they had proclaimed and
the institutions they had founded. The slave rep-
resentation and the clause conccrning fugitives
from labor were then regarded as questions of
little practical importance, while the authority
wholly to extinguish the slave traffic after ISO'S,
and the inhibition of slavery by the ordinance of
17tt7 in the Northwest, were deemed fatal to the
expansion and development of slavery and its
malign influences.
The organization of the Federal Government,
under the Constitution, demonstrated the impo-
tency of the slave perpetuatists and the anti-
slavery sentiment of the people. Washington
was unanimously borne into the Presidency, and
he had avowed it to be " among his first wishes to
see some plan adopted by which slavery m this
country may be abolished by law." Adams was
made Vice President, and he held that, "consent-
| mg to slavery is a sacrilegious breach of trust."
I Jefferson was made Secretary of State, and he had
| declared that "the abolition of domestic slavery
I was the greatest object of desire," that" the whole
[ commerce between master .and slave is a perpetual
i exercise of the most boisterous passions—the
1 most unremitting despotism on the one part and
j degrading submission on the other;" that "the
: statesman should be loaded with execration who,
j permitting one half the citizens to trample on the
j rights of the other, transforms those into despots,
! and these into enemies, destroys the morals of the
' one part, and the */lmor Patrice of the other;" that
! lie u trembled for his country when he reflected
| that God was just; that his justice cannot sleep
J forever;" that "the Almighty has no attribute
j which can take side with us in such a contest."
| Hamilton was placed at the head of the Treasury,
i and he was a men^ber of an anti-slavery society m
i New York, where he united in a petition for the
| emancipation of those who, " free by the laws of
1 God. tire held m slavery by the iaws of the State."
Jay was made Chief Justice of the Supreme Court,
and he believed slavery to be an " iniquity"—"a
sin of crimson dye," and that " our prayers to
Heaven would be impious until we abolished it."
And from the presidency of an abolition society
this pure and stainless character was summoned
by Washington to preside over that highest judi-
cial tribunal. Gouverneur Morris believed that
"slavery brought the curse of Heaven upon a
country," and Washington sent him to represent
his Government at the Court of France. Madi-
son, Gerry,Langdon,King, Ellsworth, Sherman,
Robert Morris, and other renowned statesmen,
whose anti-slavery sentiments were recorded in
the history of the country, held seats in the Sen-
ate and House of Representatives. Those patri-
otic statesmen, into whose keeping the American
people intrusted the new-formed Government,
were committed, fully committed, against the
slave traffic, the extension of slavery, and for the
ultimate emancipation of slavery in all America.
The foremost men of that day, not in the na-
tional councils, were equally committed against
the slave system. They saw what Washington
saw and expressed, " the direful effects of slavery.9*
Patrick Henry declared that "it would rejoice
his very soul, that every one of his fellow-beings
was emancipated;" that he "believed the time
would come to abolish this lamentable evil;" that
lie "would transmit to their descendants, together
with their slaves, a pity for their unhappy lot,
and an abhorrence of slavery." James Iredell,
soon to be summonedby Washington to the bench
of the Supreme Court, m the convention of North
Carolina avowed that "when the entire abolition
of slavery takes place, it will be an event which
must be pleasing to every generous mind and
every friend of human nature." The great Mary-
land lawyer,Luther Martin, declared that "sla-
very is inconsistent with the genius of Republic-
anism, and has a tendency to destroy those prin-
ciples, on which it is supported, as it lessens the
sense of the equal rigflts of mankind, and habituates
us to tyranny and oppression." William Pinkney
also declared, that " nothing is more clear, than
that the effect of slavery is to destroy that rever-
ence tor liberty, which is the vital principle
of a republic;" that "the dreary system of par-
tial bondage is iniquitous and most dishonorable
to Maryland;" that " by the eternal principles of
natural justice, no master has a right to hold his
slave inbondage a single hour;" and this great jurist
uttered these prophetic words, which we see ful-
filled in this age, "If slavery continues fifty years
longer its effects will be seen in the decay of the spirit
of liberty in the free States
The enduring records of the Republic will carry
down to after ages the sentiments of hostility to
human bondage, uttered by the men who, in de-
fense of periled liberty, defied the power of the
British empire and gave independence to the North
American Republic. The history of that age is
radiant with the glowing thoughts and burning
words against African slavery, which British
avarice planted on the virgin soil of the western
world. Under their inspiring words, emancipa-
tion societies sprang into being in the South and
in the North, and the noblest, names that grace
the pages of our history were enrolled upon the
records of these societies. A national anti-slavery
society was organized, and the highest hopes of
the patriot, the philanthropist, and the Christian
seemed in process of realization. Colored free-
men,many of whom had periled their lives on the
stricken fields of the Revolution, were allowed the
rights of citizenship in some of the States. In
Maryland and North Carolina they possessed
this right, and young Tennessee, in 1796, came
into the Union with a constitution which permit-
ted free colored men to exercise that high right of
citizenship. In New York, Chancellor Robert
R. Livingston, one of the foremost men of his age
in Amenca reported against a bill referred to
him for the gradual abolition of slavery, because
it did not give to the emancipated bondmen the
full rights of citizenship and the right of suffrage;
for they "could not," he said, "be deprived of
these essential rights without shocking the prin-
ciples of equal liberty, and laying the foundation
of an aristocracy of the most dangerous and ma-
lignant kind, rendering power permanent and
hereditary in the hands of those persons who de-
duce their origin through white ancestors only."
Such wore the liberal sentiments of a statesman
