1590
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
A bill (C. dhsTo. 92) for the relief of Mariano
^aImA (C. C. Ifa. 93) for the relief of Lydia
Fr&zeCj widow mid administratrix of John
zee, late of the city of New York;
A bill (C. C. No. 96) for the relief of William
Gei'^or; and
A bill (H. R. No. 243) for the relief of the legal
representatives of Charles I*orterfield, deceased.
MARY WALBACII.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair now
calls up the District business in its order.
Mr. POWELL. I move to postpone the reg-
ular-order for ten minutes, for the purpose of
taking up Senate bill (No. 345,) for the relief of
Mrs. Walbach. This lady is the widow of one
of the most meritorious and gallant officers of the
Army. She is now over eighty years old. I un-
derstand she is very infirm, and really living on
the charity of her friends. The bill was reported
unanimously by the Committee on Pensions, and
it has heretofore passed the Senate, I believe, on
more than one occasion. I trust it will be taken
up and passed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope wo shall go on
with the District business. Wc sit on Saturday
for that purpose. We shall not be more than able
to get through with it. If one private bill comes
up to-day, there will be motions to take up others.
There is one I should like to take up, but I did
not move for it.
Mr. BROWN. I must protest against taking
up private bills. It" we take up one, and then
another, we shall waste the whole day in dispos-
ing of bills that can as well be taken up on Mon-
day. Mrs. Walbach will not be greatly post-
poned between now and then.
Mr. POWELL. It will take but five minutes
to pass this bill, and 1 hope Senators will with-
draw their opposition. I understand, from let-
ters received to-day, that this lady is 1.1 a most
destitute condition. She is very aged and infirm.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
put the question on the motion to postpone the
District business, and take up the bill for the re-
" lief of Mrs. Walbach.
On a division, there were—ayes 18, noes 16.
Mr. BROWN. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr, BROWN. W«.are the local Legislature
for this District, and the committee winch rep-
resents it never interposes its business except on
days stated. Wc got a day assigned, and we have
taken Saturday—a day that you have wasted—
so as to legislate for this people; and now we
come in here, and you propose to postpone their
business to take up this pension bill and that pen-
sion bill, atid other matters of this description.
The committee will be compelled to abandon all
their bills, if they are to be treated in this way.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 18, nays 23; as follows:
YE AtS—Messrs. Antilonv, Benjamin, JBislor, Hi ag! ,Chcs-
nut,CIay, Dixon,Grimes, Harlan, Hemphill, Iverson, Lane,
' Latham, Nicholson, Peaice, l'owell, Saulsl)ury,aiid Sebas-
tian—IB.
NAYS—Messrs. Binglmm, Brown. Cameron, Chandler,
ClingMat^OoIlamerjCiitleiiaen, Douglas, Fosscncien, Fitz-
patriek, Foot, Hamlin, Hunter, Kin", Ma^on, Pu^h, JKiee,
Simmons, Sumner, Ten EyeK, Trumbull, Wade, and Wil-
son—23.
So the motion was not agreed to.
WASHINGTON PASSENGER RAILWAYS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first District
bill on the Calendar is the bill (S. No. 201) in re-
lation to a railway along Pennsylvania avenue and
other avenues and streets in the cities of Wash-
ington and Georgetown, in the District of Colum-
bia*, which is now before the Senate as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, the question being on the
amendment offered by the Senator from Maryland,
[Mr. Pearce.J
Mr. PEARCE. I rise for the purpose of with-
drawing the amendment offered by me to this bill
on Saturday last. At anqther sjage of the ques-
tion, perhaps, I may offer another amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is any amendment pend-
ing?
The VICE PRESIDENT. No, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to amend the bill,
by inserting after the word "their," in the sixth
line of thefirst section, the words "associates and;"
so that it will read: " associates and assigns." 1
do it for the purpose of moving an amendment to
the bill by adding the sections which I send to the
Chair.
Mr. BROWN. I have no objection to thatone
amendment. ,
Mr. FESSENDEN. Of course there will be
no objection to that; but let the other be read.
Mr. BROWN. Very well; let us hear it.
The Secretary read the proposed amendment,
as follows:
Add as new sections s
Jlnd he it further enacted, That the capital stock of the
said company shall be #300,000, with liberty to increase the
same to §400,000; and the block shall be divided into blares
of fifty dollars each, and shall he darned personal property,
transferable in such manner as the by-laws of the said cor-
poration may direct.
Jlnd be it further cnacted, That witlun ten days after the
passnse of tlus act, the corporators mentioned by name in
the first section, or a majonty of them, shall cause books
of subsciipnon to the capital stock of said company to be
opened, and kept open for a peiiod to be fixed by said cor-
porators—not le>s than days; and said eorpoi aioi s shall
rriv<  public notice, by advertisement in two daily papers
published in the cit.v of Washington, of the time when, and
the place where, said books shall be opened; and subsciib-
ers upon said books to the capital stock of the company
shall be held to be stockholders and associates of the cor-
po:atorrf named in the first section: Provided, That only
citizens of the District of Columbia shall be entitled to sub-
scribe as afoicsaid; and that no person, tor himself or for
another, shall sub&cube far nioie than ten shaies of stock,
or $500 : Jlnd providedjtitt/icr, That it more than the amount
of the capital stock be subscribed, then a pro rata division
of the btock shall he made among the subscriber, and n
le^ than raid amount be subscribed, then each subscriber
shall be at libei ty to take additional stock, not exceeding
five shares, till the stock is lull; and whenthe books of sub-
scription to the capital stock of said company shall be
closed, the corporators named in the rir«?tsection, or a ma-
jouty of them, shall call the fir&t meeting of the stockholders
of said company, ior the choice ot seven directors of said
company ; and in ail meetings of the stockholder* each t-hmc
s-hall entitle Hie hoklei to one vote, to beciven in poison or
by proxv: Provided, That no stockholdei shall be entitled
to j£lve morqsthan ten votes.
And be xt further enacted, That the government awl direc-
tion of the afflux of the company shall be vested in the
board of diirctors, who shall hold their oflices till others
ate dul> elected ami qualified to take their places as duect-
ors. And the said director.*, foui of whom, the provident
being one, shall be a quoium, shall elect one of their num-
ber to be president of the board, who thall also be piesident
ol the company; and they shall also ehoo-?c a neasuror,
who hhall give bond*, with surety to said company, in such
sum a^ the" said directors may require, for the laithlul dis-
chai£c of his tuist.
Jlnd be it further enaetcd, That the directors shall have
full power to make and prescubc such by-laws,  uies and
iemulations as they fhall deem needful and proper, touch-
ing the disposition and management of the stock, property,
estate, and effect*, of the company, not contrary to this
chariew to the laws of the United States, nor to the muni-
cipal laws of the ntics ot Washington and Georgetown.
Jlnd be it further cnactel, That theie shall be an annual
meeting of the stockholders foi the choice of directors, to
beholden at such tune and place, and undei such condi-
tions, and upon such notice, as the said company in their
by-laws maj pre^cube.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I had understood, before
this matter was brought up a week ago, that there
had been amovcmentamongthccitizensofWash-
ington, and tluta very large number of them had
subscribed the amount ot $500 apiece towards the
construction of a railroad of this description. The
intention was, as understood,to make it a general
thing among the citizens; that being a matter in
which all the citizens took an interest, the stock
should be owned by them, and the money made,
if any, somewhat equal!ydivided,and spent here
in the city. I was somewhat surprised that no
movement was made in relation to it last Saturday;
and on making inquiries, I was told by some gen-
tlemen hero that they understood that the move-
ment bad been abandoned on the part of the citi-
zens. Of course I gave myself no further concern
about it; but 1 afterwards saw gentlemen, who
called on me, and told me that that statement was
entirely rironcous; that theie hail been no such
abandonment and no such intention to abandon,
cither express or implied, on the part of those
subscribers; that they were very anxious that the
road should be built, and d"sirous, for reasons
stated, that it should be built by the citizens of
Washington, and owned by them; and that each
citizen should be at liberty to subscribe, and that
a movement was to have been made in relation to
the matter by the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr.
Davis,] who happened to be absent on that day on
account of his health; consequently nothing was
done, no other proposition being madg. Since
that time, this amendment—whieh 1 believe is
drawn well enough to accomplish the purpose—
has been handed to me, with the request that 1
would present it to the Senate, and state what the
condition of matters was.
They were somewhat surprised that the com-
mittee did not report in favor of this project.
There were, as X understand, to the subscription,
about seven hundred subscribers, the valuation of
whose real estate in this city amounts to four or
five million dollars. I have a list of seventy-
seven of the subscribers before me, certified to by
the proper city officers, showing that the valua-
tion of the real estate of those seventy-seven on
the list is about two and a half million dollars.
Now, sir, it seems to me that,.instead of mak-
ing this a close corporation, and a speculation in
the hands of a few individuals, a matter so inter-
estingto all thecitizens, who petition foritlargely,
and are interested in it and willing to-be inter-
ested in it for the good of the whole, should be
made a public enterprise—at least the wishes of
the citizens should be listened to with respect by
the Senate. They come forward now, and re-
quest—papers have been laid on the table show-
ing the reason why they do so—that a company
may be organized m the way that they propose:
that books may be opened, and that each citizen
who has the means may be at liberty to subscribe
and take stock in this corporation, and help to
build the road. There is no doubt of their entire
ability and willingness to do it. Eut the commit-
tee have seen fit, instead of granting it to them,
to report a bill granting this charter to some half
a dozen men and their assigns. I do not know
what the ability of those men is; but I am re-
quested to make a statement with regard to one of
them—and the gentleman who nr.ade the state-
ment to me said he was responsible for-it, and I
might make it on his responsibility. Knowing
that he is a respectable gentleman, I will give his
statement, and any one who calls on me privately
and wishes to know it, can have his name. He
says that Mr. Riggs, who is named in the bill as
one of the corporators, has stated, publicly or de-
cidedly, that he will take no sto'ck whatever in the
company; that he merely lent his name to go into
the act of incorporation, and did not intend to be
connected with it at all.
Mr. BROWN. Allow me to correct the Sen-
ator. I heard that story, and called within the
last two hours on Mr. Riggs, and he told me that
it was utterly false; that there was not a shadow
of foundation in it; that some man had gone into
his bank, and asked him how much he would pay
to insure the passage of this bill, and lie said:
" Not a cent; 1 am not in the habit of paying for
bribing bills through Congress." Out of that
grew this Roorback.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 do not know what may
be the degree of Mr. Riggs's private or public
virtue; I am not acquainted with him, and cannot
answer for him. This statement was made to me
by a very respectable gentleman. He is quite as
respectable, a man at any rate—X know him—as
Mr. Riggs can be; and when I say that, 1 do not
wish to detract from Mr. Riggs, but only to in-
dorse the perfect respectability and character of
the gentleman who gave me the information.
Mr. BROWN. 1 do not want any misunder-
standingabout this matter. I heard this story yes-
terday, and went this morning to sce'Mr. Riggs.
He told me, within the last two hours, that the
statement is utterly destitute of all foundation; and
that a person—bo did not state who it was—hav-
ing called to know how much he wottld pay to
have this bill passed, he said, " not a cent;" and
gave, as a reason for it, that he was not in the
habit of bribing bills through Congress.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know anything
about that. I merely stated what was stated to
me in relation to it. In regard to Mr. Riggs and
Mr. Todd, whose names are on the list among
the six or seven gentlemen named in the bill, they
are doubtless men of largo property. With regard
to the others, they are all men of not immoderate
means; some of them have none at all. The val-
uation of the property of one of them has been
handed to me—a very respectable name on the list
—a gentleman whose valuation is sixty-seven dol-
lars m the tax books of the city. It is perfectly
well understood that these gentlemen form the
company, and have the control ofthe whole thing.
That may be all right enough; I am not objecting
to it; I am only stating that here, on the other
hand, is a list of citizens,including many of the
wealthiest men in this city, more so probably than
any man whose name is m the bill, and including
a very large proportion of the valuation of the
