I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL ©LOBE.
m
36tii Cong.... 1st Sess.
Election of Speaker—Mr. Gm-win.
Ho. of Reps.
" My lads, ye see those fellows in black. Well,
if ye dinna kill them, they maun kill you."' That
was a difficult question to bo decided by Vespa-
sian's council of war. How was it compromised.
The honor of a Roman general was pledged. (So
is mine. I am sworn to obey the Constitution
and the laurs of the country.) It was agreed that
one portion of the prisoners should be spared,
and treated as prisoners of war, thai another
should be sold into slavery, and the remainder
put to death. Alas! for poor human nature. We
will always kill a man when wc know he is going
to kill us. It seems, then, that having no such
power as I have stated, nations, like families, must
let each other alone.
The slave trade, as I have said already, was an
abomination from the beginning. It was wrong
in the beginning. Year after year I have listened
to talk, on one side and on the other, about this
question of negro slavery. 1 was a delegate to
the colonization society, which met at the Smith-
sonian Institution. I thought I would go there,
and see whether I could hear a solution of this
question. One of the most eloquent and learned
men I have listened to for a long time, made an
address. He was one of those divines who, I
know, will preach what he believes. He said that
the finger of God was plainly to be seen in the
slave, trade. In old times, Governor Oglethorpe en-
deavored to keep slavery out of Georgia, as every
man knows who lias read the history of that State.
It was brought there, and he could not keep it
out. Whitfield, that eminent divine, was there.
He told Oglethorpe to let slavery alone, for the
hand of the Almighty was in it. For ages, he
said, " we have been trying to Christianize the
world; we arc at it now; and what progress have
our missionaries made ? Very little, or none. Let
the poor negro be brought into this country, and
whether his master likes it or not, he willimbibe
some idea of the morals of Christianity, and in
due time the right missionaries will be those of
the black race, to return among their own color.
Thus, that wickcd man who sold this people into
slavery in the hands of Heaven will have proved
the instrument of bringing them to Christianity
and civilization."
If the finger of God be in slavery, let the south-
ern man take care how lie treats these missiona-
ries, these instruments of Heaven for the great
work of Christianizing the heathen African. Keep
tliem in slavery if you will; but, as that Whit-
field said, you cannot take a negro and keep him
ten years m this country without his becoming a
more enlightened man than when he left the shores
of Africa. Take care that you give him freely that
light. The present generation of negroes, sprung
from those brought here a century ago, will, I be-
lieve, compare favorably with the most intelligent
of their own countrymen in Africa. Let us, then,
hot despair of the ultimate fortunes of the negro
races. Wc hear of what is doing in Liberia. I
must remind my boastful white brethren hero that
the history of legislation in that black colony
would warrant any one in the conclusion that our
colored brethren there would have organized their
Congress with more temperate judgment, and in
much shorter time, than we have consumed in our
efforts, which, up to this time, seem to promise
no very spee'dy result. [Laughter.]
Who knows but that slavery may accomplish
the great work of Christianizing and civilizing
the African race? May we not hope that while
these people are content, even in slavery, to ad-
vance in civilization in this country, and to de-
velop the resources of countries wluch it is said
can be developed by slave labor alone, the great
ends and purposes of Him who sits enthroned in
the circle of the heavens will be accomplished by
some agency to us as yet unknown.
That wonderful man, Cyrus, did not know that
he was executing the commands of God when he
invaded Babylon, as it had been foretold. So it
may be that you, who so much admire the insti-
tution of slavery—and I do not mean to discuss
its merits here—like Cyrus, may be the chosen in-
struments, even against your own wishes, to work
out the purposes of Almighty God. When your ,
negroes shall have reached the point of civiliza- ]
tion which will fit them to enjoy that portion of j
liberty which a rational Government may give )
them, then they will no longer be your slaves. !
They will then stay and work with you for mod-
erate wages^cheaper than the white man can, or
they will go abroad, such of them as choose to
go, on the great errand of the great Master of us
all, to carry the light of His gospel to a benight-
ed people. I think that looks plausible .enough.
Nothing in this debate has givenmeso much pleas-
ure as listening to the gentleman from Louisi-
ana, [Mr. Davidson,] when he told us upon this
side of'thc House, that the gospel is preached
upon his plantation in Louisiana, just as it is
preached in the churches in the North. And so
southern members assure roc it is everywhere in
the South. When the master conducts himself
in thot way, to his poor, ignorant slave, lie will
be converted.
If it be possible for the black man—and that is
a question upon which 1 am no philosopher—to
riseby slow and gradual degrees to that intellectual
and moral eminence which shall qualify him for
another state than that which he now occupies,
depend upon it, masters, when the time comes, will
be willing to assent to the change of his condition.
So I think slavery, so I think history teaches us.
But in the mean time I admit that there are a great
many evils connected with the system. I assure
gentlemen of the South that that kind of disci-
pline which our education and mode of lifeat the
North give us does not allow us to be quite so
free in the indulgence of these fits of ill temper
which come upon us at times, whether in the North
or South, or in the expression which may be given
in words to that frailty. You are good and hon-
orable gentlemen, but you make entirely too much
noise for our northern tastes, [laughter,] and you
arc " too sudden and quick m quarrel." But do not
misundcistand the people of the North. Their edu-
cation and training teach them to govern their
passions. That is just the difference between us.
But when the quarrel docs come, which to them
appears just, why then I will not enter into recog-
nizance that they will keep the peace. I have
seen it tried before now.
Why then shall we not have harmony? I as-
sert here—and I care not for anybody's criticism
—that this slavery question would not exist two
hours in this House if you passed a resolution
not to acquire any more territory for ten years.
If it could be that there should not be another
presidential election for ten years, that of itself
would bring peace. The cause of discontentand-
strife, in a great measure, is that we must have a
presidential election in a few months. You do
not want any more slave territory. How will
you fill up Texas, which has been generously de-
voted for all the surplus slaves for fifty years?
Do you expect to,-find a milder climate or a bet-
ter latitude ? You quairel with the people of tile
North about the settlement of Kansas. There
arc four States for you to fill, where you can go
unquestioned. Go first and bring into cultivation
those fertile lands yet unoccupied, before you
think of another expansion of territory. You
will not go there, but stand here quarreling with
us, northern Republicans, bccause you cannot get
more territory. If you had more territory, you
could not settle it, because you have not the slave
labor.
A gentleman upon the other side of the House
called out to us the other day; " Disband your
Republican party, disband it; you threaten the
peace of the Union." Sir, I am not afraid of this
Union. I see plainly enough that I can save it in
the last extr'prfity just by letting a Democrat be
elected President. [Great laughter.] Ever since I
found that out, I have cared little what you say
about danger to the Union. The gentleman from
Mississippi [Mr. Bariisdale] declared also, that
his State would go right off out of the Union, in
the event of the election of Mr. Seward. The
people of the State of Mississippi may walk out;
but the State never will. Why, sir, I have heard
of this thing ever since I have heard anything
in public affairs. In 1833, South Carolina was
determined to go out of the Union, because of
what she deemed an excessive duty on foreign
goods. Pennsylvania was going out because we
taxed her whisky in 1794 T and Massachusetts
thought the Union was endangered when Loui-
siana was purchased. Each and all of these States
yet remain, and are, I trust, loyal to the Union.
I have lived through three dissolutions of the
Union myself, [great laughter,] and the Union is
stronger to-day than when its dissolution was
first threatened—stronger than it was in the be-
ginning.
The State of Mississippi is a glorious* little
State, covered all over with cotton; and, in my
judgment, she will " cotton to" the Union to the
last. [Laughter.] All these planets which revolve,
around this great constitutional center, whenee
truth, light, political knowledge radiate, will fly
off occasionally. Mississippi may seem to fly off
in some eccentric orbit, but she will soon return to
her proper perihelion. I do not say how she will
do it, but she certainly will do it of her own ac-
cord. Let us then hear no more of this angry
talk about disunion; but, like men, like breth-
ren, as wc are, work earnestly and happily to-
gether for the common good of all.
As to this question of territorial legislation,
touching slavery in the Territories, let gentlemen
pause upon that, and consider before they rush to
conclusions. I tell gentlemen of the South—and
the day will come when they will remember my
advice—not to trust northern people to make, laws
of their own in the Territories for the exclusion
or protection of slavery. I do not care where
you go, in any latitude un,der the heavens where-
a white man can live and work, the Yankees will
go there too. Wherever clocks can bcjBcd or
sold, there they will be. If they come to learn
that it is the law of the Republic that the status,
of the country is fixed forever by the first inhab-
itants, instead of settling that status here, among
men who are responsible to the country and
tofhistory, they will settle the question as they
did in Kansas. They will always beat you, if
you open the question in that way. Let this
calm, deliberative, legislative assembly of gentle-
men, who legislate for the whole Union of thirty
millions of people—let them determine whether it
is better that slavery should gothereornot; letthat
question come here, where wc look at this great
country, and all the Territories we have, and all
we may ever acquire, as common patrimony, alike
of all the States, and all the people we represent.
The population, which usually goes into new
Territories is generally led by an eager and some-
times wild spirit of adventure. The people will
keep out the negro, because they have no negroes
of their own, no slaves of their own. I care not
whether the Territory be at the north pole or near *
the equator, they will go there, and will keep your
negroes out, if you allow them to determine
whether slavery shall be there or not. I should
think that any man who has looked at the history
of Kansas for the last three years, with reference
to this matter, will not doubt my conclusions. In
consequence of Congress giving up this great con-
servative power to make laws for an uncongenial,
heterogeneous people, civil war raged for three
years over the beautiful plains of Kansas, where
there should have been nothing heard but the jo"c- '
und whistle of the plowman driving his team to
the field, and where nothing else or worse would
have been heard, if Congress had only made laws
to govern that Territory, and sent its Governor,
and, if necessary, troops, to execute the law. Y<Su
made an experiment there, and you know the
result..
Whathaveyouin another Territory now? You
say you cannot make laws for Utah. You have
denied the power of Congress to make laws for
the Terrritories. What is Utah ? A blot on the
fair pages of your history, which all the waters
of Lethe never can wash out—a foul, incestuous
den of miserable adulterers and murderers—a dis-
grace to a civilized and Christian country. That
is what conies of this glorious new doctrine which
you have propagated on all sides. That comes
of your parting with the wise usages and the wise
institutions of your fathers; and so it will ever be
the moment you abandon those well-established,
constitutional rules fixed by the founders of the
Republic. You have abandoned the great high-
ways of the past—the good macadamized roads
made for you—every milestone of which was red
with revolutionary blood; you have strayed away
from them, and wandered after wills-o'-the-wisp
into swampsandby-paths. All thattheRepubli-
can party wish to do, is to stand up aud call you
back as a mother calls to her lost child, and gut
you on the safe old read again. They caJJ upon
