1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
571
of exalted character and large and varied experi-
ences, who acted as a member of the committee
todraft the Declaration of Independence, and as
Secretary of Foreign Affairs under the Confeder-
ation; who administered the oath of office to the
first President, and negotiated the treaty for the
acquisition of Louisiana.
That slave power now compels public men, nur-
tured and reared amidst the influences of free in-
stitutions, to hasten with alacrity to disavow past
sentiments and opinions, to accept the dogmas of
the slave Propaganda, and to join in hunting down
old comrades. That power has established in the
slave States a relentless despotism over the free-
dom of speech and of the press, and of correspond-
ence through the mails. That power will not
permit American citizens to entertain, utter, print,
or circulate, sentiments and opinions concerning
slavery which were avowed by Jefferson, Henry,
Mason, and the great men of Virginia of the revo-
lutionary era, or even by McDowell, Summers,
and Randolph, in the convention of 1830. The
American citizen, living under a Constitution
which guaranties free speech, holds that right
subject to arbitrary laws or to the lawless acts of
brutal mobs. George Fitzhugh, one of the apostles
of slavery, the author of a work on 41 The Fail-
ure of Free Society," in which he avows the
doctrine that "slavery,black or white,is right
and necessary," now declares, with regard to the
"right of private judgment, freedom of speech,
freedom of the press, and freedom of religion,"
that" the South takes care to trammel these sterner
rights (so-called) quite as efficiently, by an austere
public opinion, as Louis Napoleon does by law
or by mere volition;" that "we propose to deter
men from applying the ax to the root of our south-
ern institutions, (that is, by discussions or recur-
ring to 'fundamental principles,') first by moral
suasion or monition, next by tar and feathers,
and, that failing, by the halter."
Sir, what a humiliating spectacle does the Re-
public now piesent to the goate of mankind' I
speak not of the millions of beings sunk from the
lofty level of a common humanity down to the
abject submission ofunreasonmgbeastsof burden,
n of the laws that shrivel the mind and debase
the soul of the bondman; but I speak of the deeds
of lawlessness and inhumanity against free Amer-
ican citizens—deeds which shock every manly
bosom. The mails daily bring us intelligence of
the lawless deeds of brutal mobs, of the indigni-
ties perpetrated upon freemen, guilty of no crime,
unless it be a crime, in 18G0, to cling to the opin-
ions of the fathers of the Republic. The Post
OfTicc Department, the Postmaster General tolls
us, "pervades every channel of commerce and
every theater of human enterprise; and while vis-
iting. as it does kindly, every fireside, mingles
with the throbbings of almost every heart in the
land. In the amplitude of its beneficence, it min-
isters to all climes and creeds and pursuits, with
the same eager readiness and with equal fullness
of fidelity.0 This Post Office Department, in
nearly half the Slates, is at the mercy of the stu-
pidity or prejudice of postmasters, maddened by
slavery fanaticism, and the correspondence of the
people and the public journals may be examined,
seized, and destroyed by these censors of despot-
ism; and this may be and is done under the open
sanction of the Administration. Families are ban-
ished from their hearths and homes. Free colored
men areforccd to break the holy ties of kindred,
seekhomes among strangers, or be doomed to per-
petual slavery, by laws which "propose," in the
words of Judge Catron, of the Supreme Court,
"to commit an outrage, to perpetrate an oppression
and cruelty." Surely there is no country in Chris-
tendom—no, not one—where the freemen of the
United States are exposed to such insults, such
indignities, such lawless> oppressions, as m the
slaveholding States of this Democratic Republic.
The President calls our attention to the outrages
perpetrated upon American citizens in Mexico.
There is, sir, more security for the citizens of
Massachusetts, for the eighteen million people
of the North, in revolutionary Mexico, rent and
torn by civil war, than m the slaveholding State?.
More insults, indignities, and outiages, have
been heaped upon freemen in the slave States,
during the past one hundred days, than have been !]
perpetrated upon American citizens m Mexico L
during all the changes and revolutions and civil
strifes which have markecfthe forty years of her
independent existence.
Mr. President, the statesmen of the South, in
this Chamber and in the other wing of the Cap-
itol, frankly admit that a revolution concerning
slavery has been wrought in the public sentiment
of the slaveholding States. This admitted revo-
lution m the sentiments of the people of the South
has wrought the change in the policy of the slave
j States and of the national Government now so
| unmistakably manifest. How did the slavehold-
j ing class—a mere handful of men in this nation of
j twenty-six million freemen—work this change
j in the policy of the nation; a change which the
; sense of justice, the love of liberty, the humane
i and Christian sentiments of the age, condemn?
i How did this small, and, so far as numbers are
concerned, insignificant class of slaveholders,
achieve over the councils of Republican America
an influence so potential?
This slaveholding class, which shapes and fash-
ions at its pleasure the policy of the Geneial Gov-
ernment, was borne into power by the Democratic
party; and it is this day upheld in power by the
Democratic party. Acquiring the ascendency m
the Democratic party, this privileged class has
imposed its hateful dogmas upon that party, com-
pelling it to carry its flag, to fight its battles, and
to bear the crushing burden of its crimes against
the rights of human nature. Democrats of the
free States, men born under: the inspiring influ-
ences of free institutions, taught m free schools,
instructed in free churches, have, during the last
fifteen years, borne the banners of slavery exten-
sion, and often ingloriously fallen under the con-
suming wrath of a betrayed and indignant people.
The Democracy of the North is as much the in-
strument of the slave power for extending, up-
holding, and perpetuating human slavery in Amer-
ica, as is the army of the Emperor of Austria in
maintaining his despotic rule m Hungary and
Venetia.
Sir, when the Army returned from Mexico,
bringing with it the title deeds to half a million
square miles of free soil, the people of the free
States desired it to be consecrated forever to free-
dom and free institutions. The Democracy of the
North, obedient to the popular will, gave then-
support to the policy of slave prohibition; but the
slave power imperiously demanded the abandon-
ment of the principle of slave mhibition, and De-
mocracy obeyed the peremptory mandate, aban-
doned the Jeffersonian proviso and organized Utah
and New Mexico without any guarantees for free-
dom. The slave power, m the hour of its triumph
in its territorial policy, required a new fugitive
slave law; and the northern Democracy consented
to the enactment of a law which violated every
legal guarantee of freemen, shocked the sense of
justice, and put in jeopardy the liberties of free
men of which the legal rights of the poorest and the
humblest outweigh the interests of every slave-
holder in America. In 1854, the slave propagand-
ists demanded the repeal of the prohibition of sla-
very in Kansas and Nebraska;and the Democracy,
in complaisance to the slave power, repealed that
prohibition. Five thousand armed men of Mis-
souri marched into Kansas, seized the ballot-boxes,
elected a Territorial Legislature, planted slavery,
enacted inhuman and unchristian laws for its sup-
port. The slave power demanded the enforcement
of those arbitrary enactments by the General Gov-
ernment, and President Pierce upheld them with
the bayonets of the Army; and m this he was sup-
ported'by the Democracy of the North. The slave
power demanded that Governor Walker and Sec-
retary Stanton should be removed for exposing
the pro-slavery frauds of the October election of
1857; and President Buchanan forced Walker to
resign, and removed Stanton, who would not
bend; and the Democracy of the North upheld
the action of the President,
To crown the long series of outrages upon the
people of Kansas, the slave power demanded that
Congress should force the Lceompton constitu-
tion, the product of fraud and violence, upon an
unwilling and protesting people: and the Democ-
racy of the Noi th, with few exceptions, responded
to that infamous demand. The slave power re-
quires the abandonment of the doctrine that the
people of a Territory can legislate against slavery,
and the acceptance of the dogma that the Constitu-
tion protects slavery as property m the Territories;
and the leaders of the Democracy of the North in
this Chamber, with two or three exceptions, accept
this new creed, which makes every foot of the Ter-
ritories of the Republic, slave soil. The acknowl-
edged chiefs of the slave power are demanding a
national slave code for the Territories; and already
the aspiring leaders of the Democracy of the North
are hastening to give assurances that they are pre-
pared to acquiesce in that extraordinary demand.
The chiefs of the slave Propaganda are turning"
their lustful eyes to Cuba, Central America, and
Mexico, for terntoiy in which to plant slavery;
for they hold that in whatever territory, acquired
or to be acquired, the flag of the Union waves,
slavery for the African, and not freedom for all
men, is inscribed on its folds. The Senator from
Mississippi, [Mr. Brown,] one of the acknowl-
edged leaders of the slaveholding class, declares
to his constituents, with the frankness that marks
his character:
"I want Cuba; I want Tamaulipas. Potosi, and one oi
t\\ o oilier Mexican Suites, and / want them alt for the s ame
reason, fot the planting and spreading of slavery. And a
footing in Central America will powcifully aid us in acquir-
ing those otliei States. V'es, I vant these countries jor the
<.prcttd of slavery I would bpread the blessings of slavery,
like the religion of our Divine Matter, to the uttermost ends
of the eaitli; and, rebellion* and wicked as the Yankees
liave be,->r., I would even extend it to them
These dreams of empires in which to plant
slavery fifl the minds of the leaders of the slave
Propaganda; and the President, in asking author-
ity to march the Army into Mexico, and the Sen-
ator from Louisiana, [Mr. Seidell,] in pressing
his Cuba scheme, are acting in response to these
ideas of conquest and acquisition. Up to this
hour the slave propagandists have never made a
requisition upon the northern Democrats which
has not been complied with, although many of
them have sealed their ready servility with polit-
ical martyrdom.
Sir, to arrest the aggressive policy of the slave
Propaganda, which is perverting thc'Constitution,
subverting the institutions, disturbing the repose
of the country, endangering the stability of the
Union, and bringing reproach upon the American
name; and to restore the Government to the policy
of its illustrious founders, an organization h&s
been formed which calls itself the Republican
party. This party, which embraces in its organ-
ization a million and a half of intelligent and
patriotic freemen, proclaims no new doctrine; it
proposes no new experiments. Upon the great
and overshadowing question of slavery in Amer-
ica, the Republican party accepts the doctrines of
the revolutionary fathers of the North and of the
South. The Republican party sees, as Washing-
ton saw,41 the direful effects of slavery;" itbelieves,
with Henry, that " slavery is a lamentable evil
with Luther Martin, that "slavery is inconsistent
with the genius of republicanismwith Madison,
that "slavery is a dreadful calamitythat "imbe-
cility is ever attendant upon a country filled with
slaves;'' with Monroe, that4' slavery has preyed upon
the vei y vitals of the Union, and has been prejudicial
to all the States in which it has existed." Concur-
ring m these opinions of these illustrious patriots
and statesmen of the South, the Republican party
proposes'to preseive the vast territorial posses-
sions of the Republic from "the direful effects "of
this "dreadful calamity''which'4 has preyed upon
the vitals of the Union," by applying to, and en-
graving upon, those territorial possessions these
words, **slavery shall be and is forever prohib-
ited;" words which came fiom the pen of Jeffer-
son, were embodied in the ordinance of 1787, end
siamped^on every foot of the virgin sods of the
Northwest.
Believing freedom to be national, and slavery to
be local and sectional, "a mere municipal regu-
lation," in the words of the Supreme Court,
" founded upon and limited to the verge of the
State law," for which the people of each State
that tolerates it are alone responsible, the Repub-
lican party joins issue with the sectionalized De-
mocracy, which, under the lead of men whose vital
and animating principle is the propagation of sla-
very, accepts the monstrous dogma that shn cry,
by virtue of the Constitution, exists in all the
Territories. Accepting this doctrine, the Democ-
racy repealed the prohibition of slavery in Kan-
sas and Nebraska, and resists ail congressional
action. Accepting this doctrine, the Democracy
in those Territories resist territorial acts to pro-
