1592
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
regard that as the sentiment cf the Senate.
'Mr. FESSENDEN. I adopt the amendment
of the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. COLLAMER. There is one other thing
necessary to perfect it, according to my idea. It
is provided that if the subscriptions are more than
the whole amount required, they shall be scaled;
that would be by the corporators named; but it
seems to me that the scaling should be by some
Ferson not a stockholder—a disinterested person.
move therefore an amendment 
Mr. FESSENDEN. The ratio of scaling is
fixedflmong those already subscribed.
Mr. COLLAMER. Then my suggestion would
be unimportant.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Maine,
as modified; and on this question the yeas and
nays are called for.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mi*. MASON. I should be inclined to go'for
the amendment of the Senator from Maine, if I
thought the matter was of sufficient consideration
to open it for general competition amongst the
people; but it will require comparatively but a
small investment—§250,000,1 understand, for the
whole; and although it may be that a railroad upon
the avenue will be profitable, I should strongly
suspcct that the railroad connected with it, to
run up Seventh street, will be a burden quite as
great as any profits tho other can bear; and I should
apprehend, therefore, that if it is opened in this
way, it will either disincline or disable those who
really are prepared to make the road from doingit.
I think a railroad along Pennsylvania avenue,
connecting the two cities of Georgetown and
Washington, and extending to the Capitol, or be-
/ yond it, will be of very great public utility—of
greater utility than any can believe but those who
have experienced the practical advantages result-
ing in other cities from passenger railways; and
my c^arnest desire—not personal, but as a repre-
sentative of the people of the District in this mat-
ter—is that the road shall be made. I have a far
stronger desire, far more interest that the road
shall be made, than that A, 13, or C shall be bene-
fited by it as an investment. Then \ve have had
some experience—especially in railroad compa-
nies—of the conscquences of opening stock to
general subscription. The frauds that have been
practiced, which have been alluded to by the hon-
orable Senator from Mississippi, ore familiar to
every one; and there does seem to be a class of
people, in other cities, in some way connected
with capitalists, speculators, or persons who sub-
scribe to sell again—and 1 strongly apprehend the
population of Washington is not exempt from
them—who seem to degenerate into mere brutes,
and sell their persons, and sell their muscle and
their strength, to capitalists who are disposed to
engross a subscription that is supposed to be val-
uable. The number of frauds that are practiced
on occasions of subscriptions of this character—
frauds that it seems impossible either to prevent
or detect when they are made, but are known by
the consequences—{ire such as would deter me
(unless there was some fur greater end to be at-
tained than will bo attained by opening this mat-
ter to general subscription) from voting for this
amendment.
I was not present in the Senate during the whole
of the remarks of the honorable Senator from
Maine; but I understood him to advert to a report
which I heard within a day or two, that ono of the
.applicants for this work—Mr. Riggs, of this city—
had declared in terms that he had no substantial
interest in it, or designed to have none, leading to
a belief that he had given others the use of his
name, o? was disposed to allow others to use his
name for purposes of speculation. My personal
acquaintance with that gentleman, my knowledge
of the man as a citizen and a man of business,
led me to discredit the statementwhen I heard it;
and he called to see me within the last half hour.
Hearing as he did, through the chairman, that such
a representation had been put in circulation, and
that it had reached me, he called for the purpose
of disclaiming it, and did disclaim it in the most
full, ample, and unequivocal manner—not for the
purpose at all (I am sure I do the gentleman jus-
tice in saying) of furthering the passage of this
bill, but to do himself justice as a good citizen and
a man of character. His interest in the subject is
exactly that which the paper purports—nothing
more and nothing less.
I did not mean to detain the Senate, but to ex-
press as briefly as I could the reasons that would
induce me to vote against the amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. One word in reply. It
must be perfectly obvious to the Senate that if
there is a chance that this will be taken by arush
in any way, as is sometimes done by men of
straw, for the benefit of capitalists, the result will
be only precisely what this bill proposes to do,
without any previous motion; and that is, to make
a charter for the benefit of capitalists to begin
with. There is a possibility of doing, in the case
of the amendment which I propose, whatiS done
by the bill itself. So it seems that cannot be any
very greatargumentagainsttheamendment. The
bill does that, to begin with, which there is a pos-
sibility of having accomplished under the amend-
ment.
Mr. FOOT. I desire to say that I have con-
sented to pair off on this question for the present
with the Senator from Florida, [Mr. Yulee.]
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. .Bragg, Clay, Clingman, Collamer, Fes-
senden, Harlan, Hunter, Johnson of Tennessee, Nicholson,
Poarce, Polk, Pugh, SauJsbury, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Wade,
and Wigfall—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Benjamin, Brown, Chandler,
Crittenden, Dixon, Dooliule. Fitzpatiick, Foster, Gvvin,
Hamlin, Hammond, Johnson of Arkansas, Kennedy, Lane,
Mason, Powell, Simmons, and Wilson—19.
So the amendment of Mr. Fessenden was re-
jected.
Mr. HAMLIN. I propose to amend'the sixth
section of the bill in line three, by striking out
" eighteen" and inserting " twelve." That will
limit the time for the completion of the road to
twelve months after the passage of the bill.
Mr. BROWN. I hope that will be agreed to.
I think twelve months quite long enough.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. IVERSON. I offer this amendment: -
Jind be it further enacted, That said incorporated company
shall pay over to tlic corpouue authorities of Washington
city and Georgetown,semi-annually, one half conton each
passenger carried over said road, to be divided between said
cities in proportion to their population as ascertained at
each Federal census, the same to form a fund for the edu-
cation of the poor of the said cities respectively.
I understand that the company in whose behalf
the Committee on the District of Columbia have
reported this bill proposed to make a donation
out of their profits to the cities of Georgetown
and Washington for the education of the poor.
The committee, however, struck that out of the
hill, for what reason I am unable to understand.
It is very extraordinary to me, if the corporators
propose to give a part of their profits to these
citics for the education of the poor, that the Sen-
ate should voluntarily and deliberately strike it
out and refuse to allow them to do this act 
Mr. BROWN. Strike out the word " poor,"
and say it shall pass to the common school fund,
and I will agree to it.
Mr. IVERSON. Very well; let it read: " for
the maintenance and support of public schools in
said cities."
Mr. CL1NGMAN. I suppose the charge will
be five cents a passenger. This will be equal to
ten per cent, of the gross proceeds. I think it is
probably rather too much. I do not know what
the proiits will be.
Mr. IVERSON. The Senator has not seen
their own estimates. The estimate of the com-
pany itself gives them six per cent, on th^ whole
investment and all the expenses of the institution,
and then a clear profit of $18,612 besides. Of
course they have made the estimate of profits as
small as possible. These are their own figures.
Mr. BROWN. I think the Senator is a little
mistaken about it; but let it go.
Mr. IVERSON. I have made no mistake, be-
cause here are the figures.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PEARCE. I now propose to submit an
amendment, which has been handed to me, in lieu
of the one which I withdrew this morning, and
which I had offered on Saturday last. This has
been prepared on behalf of the Metropolitan Rail-
road Company by legal counsel, and is supposed
by him to meet the objections made by the Sen-
ator from Louisiana [Mr. Bexjamin] last Satur-
day. I have looked into the law as announced by
the Senator from Louisiana. I admitted on last I
Saturday the force of the point which he made,
and I do not propose now to controvert what he
then said, or to do anything more than to say
that, if thi$ amendment, as prepared, should be
adopted by the Senate, I believe it will be in the
power of the Metropolitan Railroad Company to
remove, by action of their own, the objection then
made by the Senator. That objection was, that
inasmuch as the proposed extension of this road
through the city of Washington was beyond the
scope of the original charter, it was competent for
any one of the corporators to obtain an injunction
to restrain the directors from applying the money
of the corporation to objects foreign to its ori-
ginal design. I believe I have properly stated the
objection. Well, sir, there were some twenty-odd
shareholders in the Metropolitan Railroad Com-
pany who remonstrated against the passage of
this proposition. They represented in value
about $4,500 of stock, on which ten per cent, had
been paid in—that is, $450.
- The stock of this company is said to be value-
less. The chairman of the District Committee
[Mr. Brown] has said that he considered it a
'myth and a humbug. The gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Hamlin] has said that they never had any
money. The fact has been stated, in the me-
morial presented by the company to-day, that
$50,000 had been called for and paid in, and the
greater part of it, I admit, expended; but if these
gentlemen be correct in their views, if this be a
corporation without money, their stock is with-
out yalue, and it will be a very easy matter for
the assenting shareholders to purchase out the
rights of those who dissent. If they do, the ob-
jection of the Senator from Louisiana is removed,
by all the corporators being such as assent to this
act.
Now, sir, I do not mean to repeat what I have
heretofore said to the Senate on this subject. I
will very briefly state, however, that I believe
this to be a very valuable franchise; that I be-
lieve, I think I may say I know, that if it be given
to the Metropolitan Railroad Company, the rail-
road will be built, and built promptly; for I have
seen the evidence furnished by able contractors,
experienced in laying down railways of this sort,
that they can construct it at the rate of a mile a
week, and that in thirty days from the time they
commence operations, they can complete it. These
are gentlemen of established character, who have
constructed railways in St. Louis and other places.
I believe, then, that if this franchise be given to
the Metropolitan Railroad Company, the conve-
nience of the city of Washington, intended by the
establishment of this city railway, will be effected
as completely as if it be given to any other per-
sons whatsoever. I believe that if it be given to
them it will aid them—and in that I do not speak
without warrant—in making the railroad, which
they were originally incorporated to make, from
Georgetown to the Point of Rocks; for I have
been well assured, by gentlemen who are stock-
holders and directors in the company, that they
have a direct offer from capitalists, if they can
obtain this franchise, to invest $1,000,000 in the
work, which, with their present subscriptions,
will give them the means of accomplishing both
projects.
I shall not vote for the bill introduced by tho
committee, for the reasons which have been as-
signed by the Senator from Maine, [Mr. Fjssrln-
den.] It is, as I said before, a valuable grant.
Why should we bestow a valuable grant upon a
few individual gentlemen, however respectable?
It is, in fact, putting a large sum of money into
their pockets. If I were controlled by my per-
sonal regard for the gentlemen named in the bill,
one of whom is my near personal connection,
whom I hold in the highest esteem and regard, I
should, of course, give my vote for it; but 1 can-
not be controlled by such a consideration. I
think whenever we do a thing of this sort, we
should do it in such a way as to effectuate, to the
fullest extent, all public inte^sts which may be
involved in it. I believe we shall accomplish that
purpose by giving the right to the Metropolitan
Railroad Company; and though I will not say that
this amendment, which I now present, avoids the
objections made by the Senator from Louisiana,
1 do say, as I have stated at large already, that
the company will have the means of accomplish-
ing for themselves that which will avoid all ob-
jection; in other words, they can buy out the
