1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1503
valueless pi ivilogcs of gentlemen, who hold$4,500
of stock, unci have actually paid in $450; and if
it is worth anything to them, as we know they
believe it to be, they will undoubtedly effect that
purpose.
I now submit the amendment; which is, to
strike out all after the enacting clause of the bill,
and insert:
Whereas by mi act of the Congress of the United States,
approved Maich 3,1853, and entitled " An act to incorpo-
rate the Geoigetovvu and Catoctin Railroad Company," it
was provided that whenever the State of Maryland should
by law incorporate a company to lay out and construct a
railroad fiom any point, m connection with the Baltimore
and Ohio railroad, at or near the Point of ltocks to George-
town, in the District of Columbia, the right of way not ex-
ceeding sixty-six feet wide, should be, and was thereby,
granted to such company; and whereas the General As-
sembly of the State ot Man land did afterward*, on the 5th
day of May, 1853, pa<-s an act entitled "An act to incor-
porate the Metropolitan KaihoadCompany," which origin-
ated in the dcaign to moot the terms and conditions of &aid
act of Congress, hut which, as finally passed, piovided for
the -incorporation of a company to constiuct and repair a
railioad fiom Georgetown, in the Disnict of Columbia,
through the counties of Montgomery, Frederick, and Wash-
ington, in the State of Maryland, to HagerMOvvn, in said
State, crossing the Baltimoie and Ohio railroad at a point
not further than five miles from the Monocacy viaduct by
the line of said railroad, not exceeding sixty-six feet wide,
and with as many sets of tracks as the president and di-
rectors, or a majority of them, might deem necessary ; and
whereas an act amendatory thereto was passed by the
General Assembly of the State of Maryland on the 6th day
of March, 1856, entitled" An act am^ndatoiy of the act en-
titled 4 An act to meorpoiate the Metiopolitan Ilaihoad
Company,' passed January session, 1853;" and whereas
a company has been oiganized under the said act of As-
sembly of the 5th day of May. 1853, and has ap-lied to Con-
gress lor a law authorizing and enabling it to exercisc its
chartered powers within the District of Columbia, and to
extend its said road into and through the cities of George-
town and Washington, in the District aforesaid: There-
fore—
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of America in Congress assembled. That
the said Metropolitan Railroad Company be, and arehorcby,
authorized and empowered to extend their said railroad from
the said terminus in Georgetown, through the said town of
Georgetown, and into the said city of Washington, by and
through and upon the routes, and to the several points in
the said city of Washington, hereinafter designated,with the
lights, powers, privileges, and immunities, and subject to
the piovisoes, i functions, teims, and conditions hereinafter
contained : Provided, That, within the limits of the cities
of Washington and Georgetown, the said company, in the
management, maintenance, and u:?e of said railway tracks,
shall be subject to the municipal regulations Of the corpo-
rate authorities oi those cities respectively, including the
light and powcrof taxation of then motive power, peisonal
property, and buildings, at all times.
Snc. 2. Arid be it further enacted, That within the eities
of Washington and Georgetown the said company is hereby
authorized to lay down and construct a single or double
track railway, with the necessary switches and turnouts
from their depot at the western limits of Georgetown, along
such streets as may be designated by the chief engineer of
the said company, to the most convenient point on Bridge
street, thence to the intersection of Bridge with the street
leading directly to the aqueduct or tubular bridge acioss
Koek creek; thence over the said bridge to Pennsylvania
avenue, thence, by a double track lailway with the neces-
sary turns to conform to the plan of the city of Washington
aforesaid, north of the presidential mansion, to Fifteenth
street; thence south, to its intersection with Pennsylvania
avenue ; thence to the western gate of the Capitol; thence
around the northern boundary of the Capitol giounds, to
the north gate thereof, and through the panic to the south
gate thereof, thence along the southern boundaty of the
Capitol grounds ca&terly to Pennsylvania avenue; thence
along said avenue to Eighth street cast, or Garrison street,
and along said street due south to the navy-yard gate, with
a lateral double track fiom the west gate of the Capitol
grounds, connecting the main i oad with New Jersey avenue,
at its intersection with the depot of the Baltimore and Ohio
Railroad Company: Provide/!, That the use and mainte-
nance of said roads shall be subjcct to the municipal regula-
tions of the cities of Washington and Georgetown, respect-
ively, and that whenever the Capitol giounds shall be en-
larged, then the said routes shall be made to conform to the
same.
Sec. 3. A/id be it further enacted, That m the construc-
tion of the railway tracks aforesaid, the mo«t convenient
and approved method, suitable (or street railwavs, shall be
adopted, with rails of the grooved pattern, laid upon an even
surface with the pavement of the streets; the said tracks
shall be in the centero{ the avenues and streets along which
they pass, the gauge of which, or the •-pace between the
iails,shall he not less than five feet two and a halt'inches;
and the railway cars or carnages shall not be less than
seven feet in width ; and each carriage *>ha!l be constructed
so as to accommodate comfortably and conveniently not
less than twenty-four passengers. 'The tiacks shall be so
hud, that in passing, the cars or carriages *hall be at lea^t
two feet from each other. rJ ho said company thai! keep the
said track* and the pavements within the iaiN,and foi three
fe"t outside of the laiison either side,in good repair, with-
out co-t to the United States or the cities of Washington
and Gi oigetown.
See. 4. .Snd he it fwither cnacfcd, That the privileges
hetebv granted shall continue for the teim of thirty years:
Pioiided, however, Th.Jt at anv time within ton years after
Die completion of said eitv lailway tracks, the Congress ot
the United States shall have power to alter, fix, aud regu-
late the hire ehatgeable on said loads,, lor and during the
ne\t enduing five yoais; and m like manner duiing the ex-
istence and continuance of this grant, at the expiration of
every succecding five years thereafter. The cars or car-
riages used upon said railway tracks within the limits of
the cities aforesaid, shall be drawn b^, horse power only,
and the fare for the conveyance of each passenger for any
distance betwepn the termini of all the said railway tracks
shall not cxceed five cents.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That if the railway
tracks prescribed in the second section of this act, except
that portion extending from Bridge street in Georgetown to
the western terminus of Pennsylvania avenue, shall not be
commenced within two, and' finished within six months
trom the passage of this act, the privileges hereby granted
shall be null and void; and unle.^s the said company shall
lay down and extend the railway tracks aforesaid, from
Bridge street, in Georgetown, to the western terminus of
Pennsylvania avenue, within ten days from the completion
of the aqueduct bridge across Rock creek, and the grading
and paving of the street aforcpaid leading to said bridge,
the privileges hereby granted shall also be null and void,
and the district attorney for the District of Columbia shall
have power to commence proceedings by scire facias in the
circuit court for the District aforesaid, against said company,
for the forfeiture and annulment of this charter, whereupon
the court may adjudge such forfeiture, and issue pioccss
for the seizuie of the franchises gianted by this act.
Sec. 6. Andbc it further enacted, That the said company
shall not issue any note, check, scrip, or other evidence of
debt to be used as a circulating medium.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the stockholders
in said company shall be liable each in his or her individual
capacity for all debts and liabilities of the said company,
however contracted, to an amount equal to the par value
of the stock held by each.
Sec. 8. Jlndbeit further enacted, That nothingin this act
contained shall prevent the United States, or the coiporatc
authorities of Washington and Georgetown, at any time at
their option, fiom altering or regulating the grade, or other-
wise improving Pennsylvania avenue, or any other avenue
or street, on which any of the railways may be laid down
in pursuance of tins act, and that Congress reserves to itself
the right to change, alter, repeal, or annul this act, or any
pait thereof, at their pleasure.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the said company
is*hereby authorized to construct a double or single passen-
ger railway track, from the intersection of Boundary street
with west Seventh street, thence south, along said Sev-
enth street, to its terminus on the Potomac river; thcncc
down the Potomac river, along Front or Water stiect, to
the southern terminus of Sixth street: Provided, The same
is finished within twelve months after the passage of this
art. And the said company is also hereby authorized,
within four years from the passage of this act, to construct
a double railway track, connecting with the main track
railway, at or near the intersection of Twenty-fourth street
west with Pennsylvania avenue, thence north of the Circle
to K street, thence along IC street to Massachusetts avenue,
thence along Massachusetts avenue to New Jersey avenue,
thence, southeily, along New Jersey avenue to the depot
of the Baltimoie and Ohio Railroad Company; and the said
company is also heieby authorized to tian-port passenger*,
freight, or baggage, in suitable car?, drawn by hor^e-powcr j
only, from their depot in Georgetown, by way of K street ;
and the avenues last named, to the depot of the Baltimore j
and^Ohio Railioad Company in Washington. I
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted. That the net profits !
derived from the railway tracks in the cities aforesaid shall
be applied exclusively to the construction of the Metropol-
itan lailroad, until the completion thereof, from George-
town to Point of Rocks.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That whenever, xn
the opinion of said company, the citizens of Washington
and Georgetown will be benefited thereby, the said com-
pany shall have power, attiny time during the continuance
of this grant, to construct double or single railway Hacks
in such other streets of the cities aforesaid, or in such other
avenues of the city of Washington, as they may think
proper: Piovided, That, befoie any such railway tiacks are
laid down m the streets of the cities aforesaid, the assent
of the corporate authorities thereof, respectively, shall first
be obtained.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That this act shall
take effect so soon the same shall be accepted by a ma-
jonty of three fifths in interest ot the stockholders of said
company, to be declared in person or by proxy, at a meet-
ing of the said stockholders, to be held in the city of Wash-
ington, on or before the day of -, eighteen hundred
and ——. and evidenced by the signatures of such stock- i
holders or their attorneys; and the seventh section of this j
act shall be so construed as to be applicable only to such i
stockholders as may so, as aforesaici, declaie their accept- I
ancc of the same. I
Mr. BENJAMIN. I do not desire to say any- !
thing further to the Senate on the subject. I
cannot see, from anything I have heard, that the
objection made to the amendment last Saturday
is obviated by this.
Mr. IVERSON. Is the question on the amend-
ment? ["Yes."]
Mr. BROWN. Vote it down.
Mr. IVERSON. If there is any danger of its
passing, I wish to offer to it the amendment;
which 1 offered to the original bill.
Mr. BROWN. Thore is no danger of its pass- !
ing. . '
Mr. IVERSON. It can do no harm to put in ;
my amendment. I offer the amcndmcnl wluch I !
offered to the original bill to this substitute. I j
suppose the Senator from Maryland will proba- j
bly accept it. I
"Mr. PEARCE. I wiil accept it. i
Mr. IVERSON. Then it will be considered J
as part of the substitute. [
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is now on agreeing to the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Maryland as niodified.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I wish to make a very
few remarks on this bill. I have voted for it as a
public convenience, without intending to make"it
any great speculation for anybody; its chief rec-
ommendation .to mc being in the public conveni-
ence which it is to afford. I voted against the
amendment to open this subject to public sub-
scription, and thereby to introduce a multitude
of actors into this business; though the general
principle on which that amendment is based is
certainly one that must be recognized by every-
body. But there is such a thing as tearing a prin-
ciple, as well as a passion, into tatters; and it
seemed to me that this subject was too small for
the process, which the Senator from Maine pro-
posed, of general and universal subscription. It
was a small public convenience that we wished
accomplished, and accomplished at once. The
committee who had considered this subject had,
after consideration, presented it to us in the form
in which I have voted for it; and I vote for it as
the readiest means of accomplishing an object,
small in itself, but of much public convenience—
rather too small for the application of the great
principle which I concur in, on which gentlemen
have based their amendments, which will be too
tedious and too heavy a process for that prompt
execution of the work which I hope to witness.
These are the grounds on which I have given my
vote. I simply state them, without argument.
I have voted against the amendment of my
friend from Maryland [Mr. Pearce] pretty much
on the same ground—an apprehension thatit would
retard it; thinking it not, perhaps, altogether just
to the city through which the road is to go that
it should be connected with a corporation that has
proved itself heretofore £0 insufficient; and I can
hardly think that the grant of this advantage will
be sufficiently lucrative to insure what he seems
to think it would—the early completion of the
road to the Point of Rocks.
Sir, I regret that the amendment offered by the
gentleman from Georgia was adopted. As I said,
I do not vote for this bill for the particular advant-
age or particular profit of any corporators. I do
not wish to make a lucrative job for them. That
is not my course or my habit. I would prefer
greatly, when I vote for this as a public conve-
nience, that we should have a single eye to that
public convenience, and not compel those who
use this railroad to pay taxes to the city of "Wash-
ington in any form. I would prefer to say that
when the profits of the road sftall exceed ten per
cent, income, for instance, or whatever rate of in-
come you please, the tax to those who use this
railroad shall be reduced. I want it for the public
convenience; and who will be the persons princi-
pally using it? I suppose visitors.to the city of
Washington; non-residents will use it as much as
the residents. What justice or propriety, put-
ting aside the question of public convenience,
what reason is there for taxing those non-resi-
dents who use this road, to support the poor, or
for any other object, of the city of Washington?
I would have kept it for the public, and extended
to the public as far as possible the benefits of it,
by compelling the reduction of the fare when a
certain rate of profit to the undertakers was se-
cured. But, sir, I shall not trouble myself about
that. The Senate have preferred to adopt the
amendment. Let it stand.
Now, I wish to propose an amendment to the
eleventh section of this bill, and in the third
line, after the words f{ used by him," to insert:
"on the 16th of December last." That regards
the section for buying of Gilbert Vanderwerken
" all the real estate, horses, omnibuses, and har-
ness used by him." That is the bill generally.
They pay lum. I had occasion at another time
to suggest to the Senate, that if the corporators
had agreed to compensate this gentleman, I had
no objection, as he would probably sustain some
loss: but I see no reason why, if the public de-
sired tliis accommodation, they should require of
those they authorized to furnish that accommo-
dation to increase the cost of it by paying the
contingent losses whi^i others may be supposed
to sustain, and I see no reason really why you
should not compensate the hack drivers of this
city just as well. The injury may not be so ob-
