152
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. «
[March T,
36th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
Property in Territories—Mr. Wade.
Senate.
ions, unconstitutional law. I pass briefly over
the point that the constitutional provision concern-
ing fugitives devolves on the State governments,
and not upon Congress, thecourts having-adjudi-
cated that point against my opinions. I will say,
however, that no lawyer would agree with the
courts, were it a case of the first impression. I
deny, moreover, that the decisions of the courts
have been uniform, as the Senator from Georgia
claims. Judge Hornblower, of New Jersey, on
habeas-corpus, held the law unconstitutional, and
discharged the fugitive for that reason. We have
one Senator among us here [Mr. Wigfall] who
thinks that the late Mr. Webster knew less of
constitutional law than most other men. It is not
forme to reestablish Mr. Webster; but whether
he knew much or little, itwas his deliberate opin-
ion that the law had no warrant in-the Constitu-
tion, though he deferred to decisions of the courts.
I come now to yournew fugitive bill, which, in
many of its provisions, I have no doubt is consti-
tutional;' and I think in these points it has not
yet been judged constitutional. It is not, how-,
ever, my purpose to argue its constitutionality.
I meet in this case, as I did in the law of 1793, the
vague charge of unfaithfulness on our part with
a general denial. I call your attention, sir, to the
fact that there prevails among the people very
generally an idea that many of the provisions of
that law are unconstitutional. This idea tends
to produce irritation. Why do the people adopt
the idea that it is unconstitutional? The subject
being collateral, I will only allude to that section
of the law which confers judicial powers on com-
missioners appointed by the courts, who are not,
and cannot, thus appointed, be judges. The peo-
ple believe this provision unconstitutional, and so
do 1.
Again, the bill gives ten dollars for a decision
in favor of the claimant, and five for a decision in
favor of the fugitive. Gentlemen here have Ridi-
culed the idea that such an inducement could bias
a magistrate, but I believe with the people that
such magistrates as you generally have, under
this law, would be determined by a five-penny-
bit. The people, for what I know, may think
this provision unconstitutional. I agree with
them so far as to say, that if meanness in a law
could make it unconstitutional the people are
right.
Again, there is another provision in the law,
when you hove got the certificate of the magis-
trate, the alleged fugitive can be taken out of the
State in defiance of the writ of habeas corpxis.
Thijsthe law, in time of profound peace, strikes
down this great writ of freedom, and in this I also
agree with them. The law not only denies the
writ of habeas corpus, but it also denies the trial by
jury—an essential right. It is these portions of
the law that render it so odious and unpopular.
The people know that its execution is attended
with dangers to human freedom, and they arc
jealous of summary proceedings so extraordinary
and unusual.
Sir, we have never denied the obligation of the
Stales to deliver fugitives who are such within the
purview of the Constitution of the United States;
never,never. But the lawis an exceedingly offen-
sive and obnoxious law. You know that without
my telling you. The people of the free States are
deeply imbued with the sentiment that, under the
Constitution and laws of the United States, as the
law of nature, every innocent man has a right to
liberty. They do, however, well know, and so
understand, that the Constitution of the United
States permits a man in one State, who is held by
the laws thereof to owe service or labor to another
man, to be reclaimed when he flees from such ob-
ligation, to be delivered up to such claimant. This
provision of the Constitution our people neither
deny nor resist. But the Senator from Georgia,
and every other Senator, knows how difficult it is
to execute a law which goes against the hearts
and consciences of the great mass of the people.
We may complain of it; we might even deplore it;
but no law-making authority could mend the case.
Nothing short of the interposition of Almighty
power, changing the hearts of men, can make
them prompt and eager to execute your obnoxious
law.
I do not stand here to deceive you, my friends. I
tell you the truth jueta® it i . Out of every thou-
sand men who shall see a race between a "claim-
ant and a slave, nine hundred and ninety-nine
will, from the bottom of their hearts, wish him to
escape. Neither you nor I can help the matter by
legislation. Acting as magistrates sworn to ex-
ecute the law, it may be executed when a case is
completely made out, beyond all chance for cas-
uistry or cavil; but very little practical benefit can
result from it. Who is to be binned for it? Look
at your own section, and you find there human
nature exactly the same, when the slave trader
brings the slaves stolen from Africa into yourports
in violation of the laws making the act piracy, and
denouncing against it the punishment of death.
Yourjurors acquit him against all evidence and
the admonitions of the courts. The innocent men
thus stolen from Africa, and thusbroughtinto your
States, arc irreclaimably sold in your markets;
ostentatiously advertised, and sold at your agri-
cultural fairs. I assert, then, that the slave pirate
goes abroad with impunity in your States, be-
cause your magistrates cannot execute the law.
With what face, then, can you stand here and
accuse us of not being swift-footed enough in ex-
ecuting a law which is a greater abomination to
us than the laws abolishing the African slave
trade can be to you?
Mr. President, there should be a little reason
and common sense exercised in these cases. I do
not care if every judge and every marshal may
be ever so eager to execute your law; if the hearts
of the people, I say again, are opposed to it, who
is to blame for that? If there is any blame, it is
on Him who molded the hearts of men. Your
law can give you no remedy. You may multiply
its penalties; you may make it bristle all over
like a porcupine with penalties; it would be of no
service to you; because, although when you get
a case you may exccute it undc^thc oaths of your
magistrates, ninety-nine times in one hundred,
the people being against you, the fugitive will
find a way to escape in precisely the same way
that .your pirates, who bring men from Africa
and sell them in the market, constantly escape
with you. Now, sir, I would have just as much
ground to stand here and accuse the vfliole South
of being guilty of perjury and guilty of the most
manifest violation of all law, because the victims
of the Wanderer were not released, and the officers
of that vessel condemned and executed, as they
deserved to bo, as you have to stand forth and say
that we on our part do not execute laws equally
and far more odious to us.
The next accusation, and the strongest one, of
the Senator from Georgia, is, that we pass what
he calls personal liberty bills, which were, as he
claimed, in violation of the Constitution of the
United States; and he said that the State of Ohio
occupied the same position with the other free
States in that particular. Well, sir, as ho placed
Ohio upon the same ground with the others,
1 have not taken pains to examine the action of
the others, trusting that if there was no founda-
tion under heaven for the charge he made against
Ohio, it was equally groundless against the other
States. I say, then, to that Senator and the Sen-
ate, that the State of Ohio has never passed a law
in violation of the Constitution of the United
States; that it never has been derelict in its duty
in this respect. Docs any Senator here suppose
that a sovereign State in this Union is going to
relinquish all her right of protection over lief cit- I
izens, because there is a provision of the Federal
Constitution by winch a certain class of individ-
uals may be taken out of the State? That would
be to abandon every individual to the ruthless
claim of any unprincipled man who sought to
claim them. Cannot a sovereign State of this
Union prevent the kidnapping of her free citizens,
because you have a right to claim a slave fleeing
fiom service?
The Constitution of the United States does in-
deed say that the escaping fugitive shall be given
up. But it does not prescribe how the fact that
lie owes serv ice shall be ascertained; and the Con-
stitution of the United States does not mean that
any freeman of a State shall be given up as a fugi-
tive. Now, I appeal to the candor of the Senator
from Georgia. He has read with great care the
proceedings of the Federal constitutional conven-
tion. He knows the jealousy concerning State
rights that pervaded that body. Does he believe
that its members would have ever consented to a
provision which would have deprived the States
of the power to protect and defend their own cit-
izens? No, sir; never.
You are continually repeating the assertion that
this fugitive slave law provision was deemed an im-'
portant one by the fathers, and that the Union could
not have been effected without it. On the con-
trary, sir, it was a mere afterthought. The Con-
stitution was complete in all its important provis-
ions before any man thought of this thing. Itwas
put into the Constitution with very little deliber-
ation ; and those who put it there had no idea that,
in doing so, they were takinga\vay from the States
the most important element of sovereignty, name-
ly, theirpowerto protect theirowncitizensagainst
unlawful seizures and searches and extradition.
The rights of the States, the only protection made
against overpoweringan/1 concentrated despotism,
were the one especial object of preservation. The
States battled inch by inch against the surrender
of any State power. I judge, therefore, that they
never intended to confer upon Congress or upon
any one State, or anybody, a right to enter an-
other sovereign State and take away, in a sum-
mary and arbitrary manner, whomsoever he
should choose to claim as a fugitive from another
State.
But the Senator said that the free States, and
Ohio among the rest, have committed a kind of
perjury in disregarding your fugitive law, by
passing personal liberty bills. So far as the law
of Ohio is concerned, we shall see how plain a tale
will put down his argument. Her law consists
of three sections. The saving clause of the last
section prevents any such construction as the Sen-
ator himself put upon the statute. " It is entitled
" A law to prevent slaveholding and kidnapping
in Ohio;" the last section declares:
" Nothing In the preceding sections of this act shall ap-
ply to any act done by any person under the authority of
the Constitution of the United States, or of any law of the
United States made in pursuance thereof."
Now, 1 ask the Senator from Georgia, if ha
was upon the bench, and a fugitive from labor or
service in another State was brought before him,
under the provisions of this law, would he find
any difficulty in surrendering him into the hands
of the person who had made out his claim to his
service? Would he say that the preceding sec-
tionsofthis lawoverruled this explanatory clause,
and that he was bound, at all events, to trample
the Constitution under foot? No, sir; he would
give it no such construction as that. *
Mr. President, I say in all sincerity and earn-
estness to every man who holds to the conserva-
tion of State rights, that you endanger tfie rights
of your own State, you endanger the liberties of
this whole nation, when you contend against the
power of the States to pass laws protecting their
own citizens from unlawful seizures and kidnap-
ping. At all hazards, neither asperity of lan-
guage, nor a frowning brow, nor violent denun-
ciation, will ever induce the State of Ohio to
forget what belongs to her sovereignty, what is
due to her honor, and the protection of her own
citizens. She takes no prouder position on this
subject than, I hope in God, every other State in
the Union does. Then the Senator was wrong,
he was uncandid, to stand forth and say that our
constituents are perjured, that they are traitors,
j that they have violated the law of the land, when
j they had taken every precaution to award to the
citizens of other States, holding a species of prop-
| erty that we utterly repudiate, all their rights.
1 The State of Ohio sends no Senators here to
! denounce the sovereignties or people of other
i States; but when her rights are disputed, or her
! honor assailed in this high council, her embas-
I sadors here would be unfaithful to their trust if
i they did not hurl back such unjust imputations.
The third count in the Senator's indictment is,
that we intend to prohibit slavery in the vast Ter-
ritories of this Union. That charge, I confess, is
true. We do so intend. If I understand the ob-
jects and purpose of the Republican party; if 1
understand the emergencies ofthe case that brough t
that great party into existence, it was this very
subject. The General Government, acting in Con-
gress faithlessly to all that it had covenanted here-
tofore, had broken down every barrier and vio-
lated every pledge it had given of freedom in any
