1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5T5
the family organ, which is engaged in warning the
people of the South not to " precipitate disunion,
but to prepare for it," has made the wonderful
discovery that "the election of a Black Repub-
lican advocate of the ' irrepressible conflict,' will
be the withdrawal of the. States supporting such
electionfrom the Union." As Governor Wise has
resolved to fight in the Union, and as his family
organ has declared that the election of a Repub-
lican is a withdrawal of the States supporting his
election from the Union, Mr. PryorwiII not now
resist the inauguration of William H. Seward,
" to the extent of going out of the Union;" but
cling to this now "Virginia abstraction," and
assume that the States voting for Mr. Seward
are out of the Union.
Mr. Curry, of Alabama, in a speech which is
by far the most comprehensive and philosoph-
ical presentation of the issues yet made on the
slavery side, in the House, said:
"Hovvaver distasteful it may be to my friend from Now
Yoilc, [Mr. Clark,] however much it may revolt the
public sentiment or conscience ot tins country,! am not
ashamed or afraid publicly to avow that the election of
William H. Seward or Salmon P. Chase, or any such
repiesentativc of the Republican party, upon a sectional
platform, ought to be resisted to the disruption of every tie
that bind* this Confederacy together. [Applause ©n the
Democratic sido of the House.]"
Mr. Pugh, of the same State, in a spocch of
much rhetorical beauty and eloquence, said:
a If, with the character of the Government well defined,
and the rights and piivile«;e:< of the parties to the compact
eleaily asserted hy the Democratic party, the Black .Re-
publicans get possession of the Government, then the ques-
tion is lully presented, whether the southern States will
remain in the Union, as subject and degraded colonies, or
will they withdraw, and e ;tabhsh a southern confederacy
ot cocqual homogeneous sovereigns?
" In my judgineat, the latter Is the only course compati-
ble with thy honor, equality, and safety of the South; and
the-sooner it is known and acted upon the beitei lor all
parties to the compact.
"The tiuc^t conservatism and widest statesmanship
demand aspeedv teimination of all association with such
confederate*, and the ionnation oi another union of States,
homogeneous in population, institutions, mteiests, and pui -
SUItb."
Mr. Moore, of the same State, said :
" I do not concur with the declaration made yc&tciday
by the gentlemen'from Tennessee, that the election of a
Black Republican to the Presidency was not cau*e for a
dissolution of the Union. Whenever a President is elected
by a fanatical majority at the North, those whom I repre-
sent, as I believe, and the gallant State winch I in part
represent, a e ready, let the consequences be what they
may, to fall back 011 then ie*eived lights and say: ' An to
this Union, we have no longer any lot or pait in it.' "
Mr. Boyce, of South Carolina, before the meet-
ing of Congress, addressed his constituency in an
elaborate and very carefully prepared speech, in
which he says that the election of a President by
the Republican party "would constitute of itself
a good reason why the South should refuse to
submit to their rule." "Our policy is, first, to
prevent, if possible, the election of a Republican
President; second, if this must occur, in spite of
all our wise exertions to the contrary, to cause it
to occur under such issues as will best enable us
to set up a southern government. " " The great
point, then, is to ripen public opinion at the South
for n dissolution of the Union in the contingency
referred to—the election of a Republican Presi-
dent." He avows that " it is the fixed policy of
this State to secede as soon as the Republican
party elect their President." "If we desire to
ripen public opinion among ourselves for south-
ern independence, m the event of the election of a i
Republican President, we must exercise the policy
of moderation in our movements preliminary to
that result. We must use the most consummate
prudence now, that we mny be able to profit by
the most desperate boldness then."
Mr. Boniiam, of the same State, said, on the
floor of the House:
l< A< to disunion, upon the election of a Black Republi-
can, [ can speak tor no one but myself and those f have
here the lienor to repicsent: and I i-ay, without hesitation,
that upon the election of Mr. Seward, or any other man
who indorses and pioclann* the doctrines held by him and
ins party—call him by what name you please—1 am in lavoi
of an immediate dissolution of the Union. And, sir, 1 think
1 speak the sentiments of my own constituents, and the
State of South Caiolma, when I say so."
Mr. Crawford, of Georgia, as a quotation from
his speech will show, spoke not only for himself,
but for his associates from that State; and his dis-
union sentiments received the applause of his
Democratic friends:
••Now, in lecraid to the election of a Black Republican
Pie,nivnt 1 have this to say, and 1 speak the sentiment of
every Democrat on this floor fiom the State of Georgia: we
will never submit to the inauguration of a Black .Republi-
can President. [Applause from the Democratic benches,
and hisses fiom the Republicans.] I repeat it, sir—and I
have authority to say so—that no Democratic Representa-
tive from Georgia on thi= floor will ever submit to the inau-
guration of a Black Republican President. [.Renewed ap-
plause and hisses.]" a * * u The most confiding
of them all are, sir, for ' equality in the Union or independ-
ence. out of it ;> having lost all hope of the former, I am for
'independence now and independence forever "
Mr. Gartrell, also of Georgia, has supported
the position assumed by Mr. Crawford. He
declares:
" Just so sine as the Republican party succeeds in elect-
ing a sectional man upon their sectional, anti-slavery plat-
form, breathing deduction and death to the rights of my
people, just so sure, in my judgment, the time will have
come when the South must and will take an unmistakable
and decided action ; and that then ' he who dallies it> a das-
tanl, and he who doubts is dammed.' I need not tell what
f, as a southern man, Will do—i think I may safely speak
for the masses of the people of Georgia—that when that
event happen*, they, in my judgment, will consider it an
oven act, a declaration of war, and meet immediately in
convention, to take into consideration the mode and meas-
ure of rcdicss. That is my position ; and if that be treason
to the Government, make the most of it."
Governor McRae, of Mississippi, declared that
ho was not willing to submit to the. election of a
Republican President upon a Republican platform:
" I said to mv constituents and to the people at the cap-
ital of my State, on my way here, that if such an event did
occur, while it would be their duty to deteiinme the course
which the State would pursue, it would be my privilege to
counsel with them as to what J believed to be the proper
course; and J said to them, what I say now and will always
say in tueh an event, tli.it my counsel would be to take in-
dependence out of the Union in preference to the Iocs of
constitutional rights, and consequent degradation and dis-
honor, in it. That is my position, and it i> the position which
J know the Democratic party of the State of Mississippi
will maintain."
Mr. Di5 Jarntette, of Virginia, will resist the
inauguration of the candidate of the Republican
party, if that candidate is Mr. Seward, for he says:
"Thus William H. Sewuid stands befoie the eountiy
a peijuied traitor; and yet that man, with hands stained
with tbr blood of our citizens, we .110 asked to elect Pur-
ulent of the United States. You may elect hnn President
oi the Noith, but or the South never. Whatever the event
inaj be, otheis may differ; but Yugmia, in view of her
ancient lenown. in view of hot illustrious dead, and in view
of her sic semper tyrannis will resist his authonty. I have
done."
Mr. Leake, unlike his colleague, Mr. Pryor,
will not follow the lead of the late Governor Wise,
and fight inside the Union. Mr. Leake evidently
does not see so far in advance as does that noble
son of Virginia. Pie says:
" 1 repudiate the sentiment which the gentleman ascribes
to the late Governor of Virginia. I cfooo-e lather to refer to
the Repiesentatives of that State to hear her sentiments
than to an}- oilier source. It never enteied my head, and [
undcrtalc • m av that it never enteied the brain of any Rep-
resentative o' Virginia on this floor, to fight inside of this
Union. The idea U ridiculous m the extreme. It is the
reductio od absurdum.'1''
And Mr. Leake emphatically declares that
" Virginia has fhrt right, when she pleases, to withdraw
from this Conlederacy. [Applause from the Democratic
benches]" > * a " That is hei doctiine.
We will nor flight in the Union, but quit it the instant wo
think propei to do sn."
Mi*. Simgletom, of Mississippi, openly avows,
on the floor of the House, that "their determina-
tion is fix'-d and unalterable; that they will have
an expansion of slave territory in the Union if
you will allow it, or outside of the Union if they
must;"and that sentiment was received with Dem-
ocratic applause. He goes on to say:
" The question now is, it we sevei the connection which
bmd-s Us and the Xoith to<reth( r, how are we to prescive
the institution oi' slavery3 Theie r> but one mode by !
which, in my humble judgment, it can he perpetuated for
any consideiable number of \ ears.'5 * * * "-That
mode is by expansion, and that expansion must be in the
direction of Mexico." * * "There is in
Mexico alan?c extent of territory that is suited to the culti-
vation of cotton, siiaar, and nee. in my opinion we must,
and we are compelled to. expand in that direction, and thus
perpetuate it—a hundred or a thousand years itin.iy be."
" It may be asked, when will the time corae when wo
shall separate from the No;th ? I say candidly, if the views
expressed by the gentleman from Iowa, aie, as he sajs,
common to the Republican paity, and if they <nre determ-
ined to enforce those Views. 1 declare myself iead> to-day.
[ would not ask to delay the time a single hour.*-'
" You ack me when will the tune come ; whop, will the
South be united ? It will be when vou electa Black Repub-
lican— IKl'j, Seward, or Chase—President of the United
State.s. Whenever ) ou undertake to place such a man to
pieside over the destinies of the South, jou may expect to
see us undivided and indivisible friends,"and to seo all par-
ties of the South arrayed to resist his inauguration."
" We can never quietly stand by and permit the control
of the Army and Navy to go into the hands of a Black Re-
publican President."
Union sentiments, whenever or by whomsoever
uttered, grate harshly on Democratic ears, tuned
to the accents of disunion. When Mr. Sto.kes,
of Tennessee, the other day rebuked the disloyal
sentiments which so glibly fall from Democratic
lips; when he, in eloquent, manly, and patriotic
language declared his devotion to the Union; when
he quoted and indorsed as his own the words of
Henry Clay, " that he would consent to the dis-
solution of the Union—never! never! never!" the
Democracy foamed and gnashed its teeth in impo-
tent wrath.
Governor Letcher, of Virginia, in his reccnt
message to the Legislature of his State, avows the
rankest disunion and revolutionary sentiments.
In this document he declares that if a Republican
President is elected in I860—
" It h useless to attempt to conceal the fact that, in the
present temper of the southern people, it cannot be and will
not be submitted to. The ' irrepreshibie-conflict' doctrine
announced and advocated by the ablest and most distin-
guished leader of the Republican party, is au open declara-
tion of war against the institution of African slavery where
ever it exists; and I would be disloyal to Virginia and the
South if i did not declare that the election of such a man,
entertaining such sentiments, and advocating &uch doc-
trines, ought to he resisted by the slaveholdin# States. The
idea of permitting such a 'man to have the control and
direction of the Army and Wavy of the United States, and
the appointment of high judicial and executive officers,
postmasters included, cannot be entertained by the South for
a moment."
I might quote, Mr. President, the avowals of
disunion sentiments by other Democratic loaders,
and other Democratic presses; for these avowals
of disloyalty to the unity of the Republic are scat-
tered, in rank luMnance, broadcastover the land.
But I must pause.
Mr. CLAY. Will the Senator pardon me a
moment? He seems to charge the sentiments,
which he calls disunion sentiments, on the Dem-
ocratic party mainly. So far as the State of Ala-
bama is involved m that charge, I may speak
advisedly, when I say that sentiments such as i
uttered, and which lie has quoted, have been in-
dorsed unanimously by the Legislature of the
State which I have the honor to represent. And
if the Senator will pardon me further, I will say,
too, that those who call themselves Americans or
Oppositionists there, I think, have gone even fur-
ther than the Democratic party. Hence,I hardiv
think ltis just to the American party in the South
to attribute these sentiments exclusively to the
Democratic party. I think the other side arc en-
titled to a share of the credit of them.
Mr. WILSON. It may be so in the gentle-
man's own State; I know that on the Gulf they
arc running wild with disunion; but how is it
with the Representatives of the southern Oppo-
sition on the floor of the House of Representa-
tives? Their sentiments have been pronounced,
nearlyall of them, distinctly in favor of the Union.
I have, however, gathered up enough of these
noisy menaces of disunion, which arc falling
thick and fast around us, to show to the Senate
and the country that the accepted leaders of the
Democratic party are secessionists and disunion-
ists, with the accents of disunion perpetually on
their hps, and its spirit burning in their hearts.
I have also gathered up, from the mass of facts
which lie at my feet, enough to show that the
Democratic party is tainted with the odor of dis-
union, that the stain of disloyalty is now indeli-
bly stamped upon its brow. I have shown, too,
that these menaces of disunion, which Demo-
cratic leaders are hurling around us m this Cap-
itol, go unrebuked by the northern Democracy,
whose glory it is to follow these apostles of seces-
sion and disunion. The country will not fail to
see, and to mark, too, the discreditable fact, that
while Democratic leaders in these Chambers are
muttering angry menaces of disunion, and while
such madness goes unrebuked, even by the faint-
est whispers of the Democratic representatives of
the loyal North and West, the Democratic presses
in the North and West are busy—not m raining1
upon the heads of Democratic disunionists the
withering rebukes of patriotism—but in the work
of misrepresenting and maligning those who cling
to the Union with unswerving fidelity, alike in
victory and in defeat. The country, too, will not
fail to see that the Democratic orators dare not,
even at a safe distance, utter the softest censure
against the disloyalty of leaders t-hey follow as
