I860.]
APPENDIX TO fHE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
WS
36tii Cong.... 1st Sess.
l
Property in Territories—Mr. Wade.
Senate.
of our Territories. These covenants being over-
thrown, the Republican party arose to rescue
freedom. Had there been no violation ofthe Mis-
souri compromise, it is very probable there would
have* been no Republican party here. We did
embody ourselves into a party, in order to rescue,
protect, and defend the free Territories of this
country against the pollution of slavery. I have
no concealments to make. There we now stand;
this is our platform; on it we will stand forever.
But the Scnatqp says that the slaveholders have
an undoubted right to go with their slaves into
the Territories ofthe United States under the Con-
stitution of the United States, and he claims that
a decision of the Supreme Court gives them that
warrant. There is no man who has more rever-
ence for the decision of honest courts, when made
on due deliberation,upon matters of private right,
and within their jurisdiction, than I have. I know
how essential it is to the peace and welfare of
every community that the decisions of courts set-
tling the private rights of men in the last resort,
even if they are believed to be wrong, must be
lived up to and have cffcct. That has been my
education—my principle; what I have held always,
and hold to-day; hut in just as much as I revere
an honest court, keeping within its own jurisdic-
tion, restraining itself from all political consider-
ations, and adjudging the rights of men according
to the law in its purity, so inexact proportion do
I abhor and scout from me a corrupt judge, who,
for any purpose, will impertinently reach over,
outside, and beyond the case before him,and en-
deavor to advance the political cause of one party
or another by decisions that he may pretend to
make.
Sir, it is the Same with Federal courts as with
every other. The moment a Federal court tran-
scends its legitimate authority, for the purpose
of effecting some pol&cal object, its interference
is impertinent; it is of no validity; and, with the
high courts of Georgia, I say, I hold it m utter
contempt. Yes, sir, [to Mr. Toombs,] Hike the
spirit of your courts, from which you are now so
ready to depart. They stood up against what they
considered a corrupt decision of this Federal court,
and said they held it in utter contempt. That was
right. Well, sir, if there ever was a holding on
God's earth that would warrant any judge, private
man, or Senator, in saying that he held it in utter
contempt, it is what is called the Dred Scott de-
cision; so manifestly a usurpation of power, so
manifestly done in order to give a bias to political
action, that no man, though lie be a fool, can fail
to see it.
What was the case? An old ncgco, whom age
had rendered valueless, happens to fail in the way
of the politicians at a period when it was thought
exceedingly desirable that the question of con-
gressional authority over slavery in the Territories
shall be tried, and Dred Scott prosecutes for his
liberty in the Federal courts; and, by the way,
after he had prosecuted his case through, and his
liberty was denied him by the court, I believe the
very next day the master gave him his liberty.
Ho had served the purposes of the politicians, and
they ought to have given him a pension for life
for having been the John Doe of the transaction.
I do not know of whatauthority the case may be,
but its gctting-up looks to me exceedingly sus-
picious. There was a concurrence of circum-
stances that very rarely happen of themselves.
Old Dred Scott sued for his freedom, and a plea
was put in that he, being a descendant of an Af-
rican, and his ancestors slaves, he could not sue
in that court; he had no right to lie theie,had no
standing there. The court go on and argue them-
selves into the belief that either a man may be
so monstrously low, or the court itsidf so mon-
strously high, that he cannot sue in its presence
for his rights. 1 believe this is the first nation on
God's earth that ever placed any mortal man, or
anybody bearing the human form, on so low a
level, or any court on so high a one, as that. But
let this go. Dred Scott brought his suit. The
plea m abatement was demurred to; the question*
aroso upon that demurrer, and a majority of the
court decided that Dred Scott, being a negro, a
descendant of an African, and his ancestors having
been slaves, he could not maintain a suit in that
court, because hewasnota citizen, under the law.
Now, sir, I ask every lawyer here, was not there
an end of the case? In the name of God, Judge
Taney, what did you retain it for any longer?
You said Dred Scott could not sue; he could not
obtain his liberty; ho was out of court; and what
further had you to do with all the questions
that you say were involved in that suit? Upon
every principle of adjudication, you ought not to
have gone further. No court has ever held it more
solemnly than the Federal courts that they will
not go on to decide any more than is before the
court and necessary to make the decision; and
every lawyer knows that if they do, all they say
more is mere talk, and though said by judges in a
court-house, has justas jpuch operationand effect
as if it had been said by a horse-dealer, in a bar-
room, and no more. And yet we are told that we
must follow the dicta of these packed judges—for
they were packed, and I have about as little re-
spect for a packed court as I have for a packed
jury—a majority of them interested, too, as I be-
lieve, in the very question to be decided; for, I
believe, the majority who concurred in the opinion
were all slaveholders, and, of course, if anybody
was interested to give a favorable construction to
the holders of that species of property, these men
were interested in the question.
Strange as it may appear, those who complain
of northern aggression nave not only every other
department under their feet, but with less than
one third of the population of the North, you hap-
pen to have a majority of the Supreme Court on
your side, and always have had. I will not say
that that is the reason why the decisions of courts
of late are magnified into such importance. Im-
maculate their decisions are now, it seems. The
very party who,afewycars ago, within the mem-
ory of us all, held that their decisions were of no
effect whatever on governmental action, when com-
ing in conflict with the views of the President, or
the coordinate branches of the Government, have
turned round of late, and have found a virtue in
that court that can ride triumphantly over every
other department of this Government. It is a
palpable heresy, and must be abandoned. The
liberties of this nation cannot consist with the
doctrine now set up on the other side of this Cham-
ber with regard to your Supreme Court.
I do not want to go back to see what Jefferson
and others said about it. I know the nature of
man. I know, as they knew, that to arm this
judiciary with a power, not only to decide ques-
tions between private individuals, but to affect the
legislation |)f the nation, to affect the action of
your President, to affect the coordinate branches
of this Government, is a fatal heresy, that, if per-
sisted in by a majority of the people, cannot result
in anyotherthanan utter consolidated despotism;
and 1 am amazed that men who have had their
eyes open, and who have held to other doctrines
in better days, should, for any temporary pur-
pose, heave overboard, and bury in the deep sea,
the sheet-anchor of the liberties of this nation.
I say to my friends on the other side—for I call
them friends for this purpose—we are all interested
alike in tins question. God knows, if you once
have it established and acquiesced in by the peo-
ple of this Union, that the dicta of the Supreme
Court—a political court by its very constitution,
yea, packed on this very subject, as every Sen-
ator here knows—are to be the laws binding
on every other department, we have the meanest
despotism that ever prevailed on God Almighty's
earth. Bur. I have no fears of it, sir. You may
effect a temporary purpose by it; but a doctrine
so absurd, so incompatible with the minds of the
I Anglo-Saxon race, so inconsistent with the great
i principles of free government, wijl never be per-
| nutted to stand.
i In the Dred Scott decision—I will not call it
I a decision—but in this dictum, this talk of the
i judges, for that was all it was, they overturned
! every decision their own court had made for more
| than seventy years; they holding, prior to that
time, that Congress had full and plenary power
over the Territories of the United States. Judge
Marshall so decided, and the court had followed
his decision, and every other department of the
Government was well satisfied. Therefore, this
infallible court can overturn the most settled de-
cisions of its own and of other courts, and nobody
can question its acts! A strange doctrine that,
that the sayings of men who were put upon the
^bench under the most questionable circumstances,,
packed for a particular decision, and not havinga.
chance even to make that upon the question before-
them, should be the ne plus ultra, after they them-
selves have overturned ail that have gone before
them. Thi^is a position that cannot outlive- t&s
generation.
Where did these judges find the power in the*
Constitution of the United States-to carry-slavery
into the Territories? If they had anything to
ground their dicta upon, they had the power to?
show it written in the Constitution of the United
States; but there is no such thing there. I remem-
ber very well reading (for I was not here at that
time) that in 1850 Mr. Calhoun set up this doc-
trine, and it was so extreme that he had no second
in the Senate. He was challenged by Mr. Clajr
upon it. Mr. Clay told him he was amazed and"
astonished that any man should hold such a doc-
trine, and he asked him: '4 Where do you find'
your constitutional warrant for it?" and told him,
at the same time, that it was more iatftudinous
than anything ever held by old John Adams and
the Federal party at any period. Mr. Calhoun,
I think, found no warrant in the Constitution; he
did not deign to reply. Yet, within ten years, this
doctrine has grown up into a great tree, so that
some fowls lodge in the branches thereof. [Laugh-
XerA
They find no warrant in the Constitution; they-
find none in legal logic or reason. It is said now
that the Territories being the common property
of the States, the citizens of each State have a right
to go into them with any property that they per-
chance may have. I deny the postulate. These
Territories do not belong to the States, as States.
They belong to the -people of the United States.
Congress is the trustee for them; but no State can
claim any portion of them. The States, as States,
have nothing to do with them. Suppose the Sen-
ator from Illinois [Mr. Douglas] owns a planta-
tion in Mississippi, in his own right or that of his
children, and he has slaves there working upon
that plantation, while he is a resident of the State
of Illinois. Suppose there is a congressional pro-
hibition saying that he cannot take his property
into that new Territory. Let me ask these cas-
uists now, which State is it whose sovereignty is
invaded; that where the Senator lives, or that
where the negroes live? Can anybody tell me?
State equality, they say, is not preserved. But
the State equality of which State ? Illinois, where
the slaves arc owned, is her sovereignty hewed
down, or the sovereignty of the State of Missis-
sippi, where the negroes hoe the Senator's corn
and pick his cotton? There never has been a re-
spectable argument for any such position as that.
May not the same ground be applied to other
cases? Suppose we had annexed—as I presume
we shall ultimately annex—tlie Fejce Islands to
this nation. In those islands the people not only
enslave each other, but they actually kill and eat
cach other up. Now, suppose a Senator from the
State of Fejce should appear in this body; sup-
pose that ho should claim the right of his constit-
uents to bring with them their chattels into any
of our Territories, and claim the right of the law
in that country to practicc cannibalism upon them,
that he might roast and boil them as well as en-
slave them. He would claim, if you did not per-
mit this to be done, " that the State ofFejee has not
equal rights with the otherStates of this Union; a
gentleman owns this property; it is an undoubted
law of my State that we may fatten men for the
roast, and we have a right to bring them here for
the same purpose; and if you do not permit us to
do so, we will pull down the columns of the Re-
public, laying it outspread in one universal ruin
[Laughter.] I suppose the Senator from Illinois
[Mr. Douglas] would say,5' The Territories have
a perfect right to vote cannibalism m or to vote it
out; I do not care whether they vote it up or down;
but they have the right, and shall be perfectly
fiee to doit." [Laughter.] Another Senator would
arise and say the people of Fejee not only have
the right to bring them in, but they have the right
to be protected in doing so there under the laws
of Congress. Another one says that Congress
has no power to pass laws on that subject what-
ever; but the courts, which arc now omnipotent in
all things,may, without law, declare what the law
is, and wc must all bow down to it. There is a
