2540
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1,
the Postmaster General woujd very readily be able
to make a contract by which, for the postages, it
could be carried to the island of Cuba.
Mr. SLIDELL. Then, according to the state-
ment that was made by the Senator from South
Carolina of the very large number of letters which
are carried by these ships, oven under disadvan-
tageous circumstances, when they are not regular
mail ships, and mails are not made up at the dif-
ferent post offices throughout the country for the
purpose of being transported in that way, I should
suppose there would be an additional compensa-
tion to that originally contemplated, of at least
ten thousand dollars in the form" of postages.
Mr. PEARCE. Allow me to state to the Sen-
ator that the committee have not fixed the amount
to be paid to the vessel that may undertake this
service at Key West at $50,000, but at such sum
as in the opinion of the Postmaster General may
be deemed reasonable, not to exceed $50,000.
Mr. SLIDELL. That, in fact, means not to
exceed $60,000, if my hypothesis of the amount
of postages be correct. The chairman of the Post
Office Committee tells me it is larger than I sup-
posed.
Mr. HAMMOND. That is a matter left en-
tirely to the discretion of the Postmaster General.
Mr. SLIDELL. Now, my object is not to
attack this amendment at all, provided one I am
about to offer be accepted by the Senate. I will
not repeat what I stated on a previous occasion.
The mail matter between New Orleans and Ha-
vana is a much more important consideration
than between Charleston and Havana. The bill
before the Senate, providing for the transporta-
tion of all the mails to California overland, I pre-
sume, anticipates the abiogation of the present
service. I should like, if the Senator from Cal-
ifornia were in his place, to be informed on that
subject; but he is not here. Ho advocates the bill
for the transportation of the Pacific mails by the
overland routes, on the ground of economy, and
he says that if his bill be adopted the mail service
to California and Oregon, and the whole Pacific
coast, will be performed for a less sum than it now
costs. If that be so, he must necessarily contem-
plate a cessation of the present mail service by
Panama at the expiration of the contract. If that
be tho case, then we shall have no mails from Ha-
vana to New Orleans at all, and there will be none
from New York, and the only existing mail ser-
vice subsidized will be from Charleston to Ha-
vana. I think I cannot be mistaken; that is the
liccessary result of that legislation. This being
so, the greater commercial importance of New
Orleans being conceded, as I presume it will be
by the Senator fiom South Carolina, and the fact
being, as I am perfectly confident it will prove when
proposals shall be issued, that these two services
can be obtained for the sum contemplated to be
given for one, I submit my amendment to the con-
sideration of tho Senate. It is to make the service
provided for in the committee's amendment extend
to Havana, and also to provide for service from
New Orleans to Havana. My amendment will
make that of the committee read in this way:
And the Postmaster General is hereby authorized and
required to advertise for proposals, and contract with the
lowest responsible bidder or bidders, for the transportation
of the United States mail, in steamships, from Charleston,
tSoutlt Carolina, by Savannah, Georgia, and Key West,
Florida, to Havana, in Cuba, and back ; and from iVew Oi~
leans by Key West, to Havana and baek, tivtee a month,
or oftener, from the 1st of July, 1860, to the of June,
1864, inclusive, at a sum not to exceed, in tho aggregate,
v'lfTOflO per annum for tile two services.
Mr. HAMMOND. I think that proposition
of the Senator from Louisiana involves two or
three considerations to which tho Senate will not
agree, but which I am sorry to urge at so late an
hour as this. In the first place, it reinserts the
foreign ocean service, which the Committee on
Finance have agreed to leave out, and which it is
considered here should be left out, in consequence
of the previous arrangement that that kind of ser-
vice shall be paid for by tho postages upon the
lines. In the next place, it considerably more
than doubles the service. From New Orleans to
Havana, by the way of Cedar Keys, is eleven
hundred and fifty miles; so that the round trip
would be twenty-three hundred miles. From
Charleston, by way of Savannah and Key West,
to Havana, is six hundred and eighty miles; so
that the round trip is thirteen hundred and sixty
miles. The round trip on the other line is fifty
per cent, more; and if the Senator from Louisiana
heard the dispatch which I read here to-day in
the Senate, from one of the original contractors
on the Isabel line from Charleston to Havana, he
would see that this $50,000 contract is not a prof-
itable one on that line alone; and yet he wishes to
add one hundred and fifty per cent, to the service,
and expects to get it all for the same sum.
Then howisitto be divided ? There is a service
of thirteen hundred and sixty miles for one round
trip, and twenty-three hundredfor the other. How
is the matter to be arranged ? You might as well
strike the whole thing out—it puts an end to it
all. New Orleans is well supplied with mail ser-
vice. Twice a week steamboats carrying freight
go direct from New Orleans to Havana, and carry
their mails. Twice a month they have this mail
steamer which has been subsidized by the Gov-
ernment at the rate of $59,000, which creeps around
the shore of the Gulf, and picks up all the letters
of the different post offices. New Orleans has no
right to complain with a semi-monthly subsidized
matl, and a semi-weekly freight line that carries
the mail. On the other hand, Charleston has a
great right to complain, if this line is notallowed.
Here is New York with mail lines on one side,
and New Orleans with a mail line on the other
side, and Charleston standing between them, rep-
resenting a territory of some four hundred or
five hundred thousand square miles, and some
three or four million people, to whom this is the
only outlet to the trade at Havana; and Charles-
ton, or some intermediate place, is entitled to it,
and must have it; and the success of the Charles-
ton line has been such that the whole North send
their letters down the coast to go by the Isabel,
instead of shipping them by their own vessels.
I think, therefore, that Charleston ought to have
this line, and it ought to be given to tho Isabel;
but that has been voted down. That Charleston
ought to have this accommodation in some way
is certain. That New Orleans wants any more
accommodation is a thing that would never enter
any one's imagination. I never heard of it. It
is a discovery of the Senator from Louisiana.
[.Laughter.]
Mr. SLIDELL. I have but a single word to
say. Whatever may be the difficulty of sustain-
ing a steam line between Charleston and Havana,
I am authorized to say, from the most reliable
authority, that a steamer, quite equal to tho Isa-
bel, will take the contract from New Orleans to
Havana at $20,000 a year; and if there is any
difficulty aboutadinsting the proportions between
Charleston and New Orleans, I am willing that it
shall be put on that footing.
Now, as regards the mail which is said to be
transported—of that I know nothing, except from
what 1 have heard here—between Havana and
New Orleans, on a coast voyage along the north-
ern portion of the Gulf of Mexico, I can only say
that it is of no sort of advantage to us; it does
not in tho least degree tend to facilitate commer-
cial correspondence. That steamer, I think, in-
cluding the delays at Key West and intermediate
points, occupies as many as eight or ten days in
going from New Orleans to Havana, and as many
on its return; so that that, in fact, is a mail in-
tended for the accommodation of the different
points on the Florida cc^.st, and is of very little,
and 1 may say of no use at all to tho ^reat com-
mercial interests of New Orleans, llowever, I
will say nothing more on the subject.
Mr. HAMMOND. I now see, I think, what
the Senator is driving at. Letters are now car-
ried twice a week from New Orleans to Havana
without any subsidy at all, or perhaps the vessel
may get the postages; and they would be very
glad to get $20,000 a year.
Mr. MALLORY. I am not at liberty to let
the question go as it stands now. I trust the prop-
osition of the Senator from Louisiana will not be
adopted, because it will be equivalent to killing
both lines. The mail, as established from New
Orleans now, was primarily and principally for the
accommodation of Key West, and the immediate
contiguous neighborhood. It supplies Pensacola,
St. Marks, Appalachicola,Cedar Keys, Manatee,
and Tampa, before it reaches Key West, none
of which pointsarenamed in the Senator's amend-
ment; and the adoption of that amendment would
be equivalent to leaving them all out, and leaving
the entire western coast of Florida without any
mail facilities whatever.
Mr. SLIDELL. This does not at all interfere
with the existing contract for the transportation
of the mail there.
Mr. MALLORY. If the amendment of the
Senator from Louisiana be adopted, it will remain
on that basis.
Mr. SLIDELL. The other will remain.
Mr. MALLORY. As to the ability to do both
these services for $50,000, I am somewhat con-
versant with it. There were two attempts made
to establish this route between the honorable Sen-
ator's city of New Orleans and Key West before
they succeeded. The first contract was taken for
$20,000; but when the contractor came to put the
service on, he found that he must totally fail, and
he consequently did not attempt it; and he is now
before Congress for relief from his bond, having
taken the contract for $20,000; and he is now here,
and his bill is pending in the other House, to be
relieved from that bond. The next one was taken
at $31,000. He attempted it, and broke down;
and he comes here for relief. The next one was
taken at $42,000. He failed, and the Postmaster
General held him responsible for $11,000 forfeiture;
and it was not until the present sum of $59,000
was given that they could carry the service at all.
So much for the ability of any party to do this
service for less.
As to the other mail from Charleston to Key
West and Havana, it has been three times pub-
licly advertised to the whole world; a great many
offers have been made, and $50,000 has always
been the lowest sum offered. In fact $60,000 has-
been given, because, by the contract which I have
before me, the Isabel was required to run the mail
by steam only ton months in the year, and by
sailing vessels the other two; but Congress sub-
sequently, in view of the importance of this mail,
gave an extra $10,000 for steam service during
thoso two months. If you adopt the amendment
of the Senator from Louisiana, you lose both ser-
vices. It is not important to New Orleans. She
has a daily mail; she has a telegraph. This por-
tion of the coast of Florida depends on these mail
facilities entirely, and if we deprive them of them,
they have none.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we shall take the ques-
tion now It is late. We want to close this bill.
[" (Question."]
The amendment to the amendment was rejected,
and the amendment of the Finance Committee was
agreed to.
The next amendment of the Finance Commit-
tee was in lines fifty-six and fifty-seven, m the
clause appropriating for the payment of interest
to the contractors for leather pouches, for the time
money due them has been withheld, to insert
" wrapping and printing paper, mail locks, keys,
stamps, and blanks."
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out the words " and
blanks." Mr. President, at this particular point
the other day, I came unfortunately in collision
with the Senator from Maryland, [Mr. Pearce,]
and I desire now to set myself right on that point.
The Senator from Maryland said:
" But l do not think that these words ' cheating' and
' robbery' can be justly applied to a transaction which la
suictiy according to the foims of law."
In another place he said that " improvements
in stereotyping and electro typing had reduced the
cost to such an extent as to render the profits im-
mense." Now, sir, I propose to call the honor-
able Senator's attention to a little evidence which
I have upon this very point. I have for the opin-
ion of that Senator the most profound respect;
and I admit that, under ordinary circumstances,
his criticism would have been just and proper;
but I say this is an exceptional case, and when I
have called his attention to the facts, I think he
will admit it to be so. I desire to call his atten-
tion to page 298 of the report of evidence just sub-
mitted by the committee of which the Senator
from NewYork [Mr. Kimo] was chairman. This
is upon the point of reducing the expense by ste-
reotyping and electrotypmg, and isthe sworn
testimony of Mr. Crowell, the man who has done
the work for years:
" Question. What would have been the profits if you had
used stereoty pes instead (if electrotypes ?
"Answer. The difference would have been inconsider-
able.
" Question. What would have been the difference if you
bad used simply a form of type instead ofstereotype plates?
"Jlrnwcr. It would have cost more, but no great amount.
The difference would not be gteat.
" Question. Then this electrotyping, about which so much
has been said, does not materially aflect the cost of printing.
"Answer. Not materially."
This is the sworn testimony of the man wlio
