I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE'CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Property in Territories—Mr. Toombs.
Senate.
white and bla*k. This will insure a separation
of the races. Let them go into the tropics. There,
I understand, are vast tracts of the most fertile
and inviting land, in a climate perfectly congenial
to that class of men, where the negro will be pre-
dominant; where his nature seems to be improved,
and all his faculties, both mental and physical,
are fully developed, and where the white man de-
generates in the same proportion as the black man
prospers. Let them go there; let them be sepa-
rated; it is easy to do it. I understand that nego-
tiations may easily be effected with fony of the
Central American States, by which they will take
these people and confer upon them homesteads,
confer upon them great privileges, -if they will
settle there. They arc so easy of access that, a
nucleus being formed, they will goof themselves
and relieve us of the burden. They will be so
far removed from us that they cannot form a dis-
turbing element in our political economy. The
far-reaching sagacity of Thomas Jefferson and
others suggested this plan. Nobody that I know
of has found a better. I understand, too, that in
these regions, to which I would let them go, there
is no prejudice against them. All colors seem
there to live 111 common, and they'would be glad
that these men should go among them.
I say that I hope this great principle will be
ingrafted into our platform as a fundamental ar-
ticle of our faith, for I hold that the Government
that fails to defend and secure any such dependent
class of freemen in the possession of life, liberty,
and happiness is, to that extent, a tyranny and des-
potism. I hope, after that is done, to hear no more
about negro equality or anything of that kind.
Sir, we shall be as glad to rid ourselves of these
people, if we can do it consistently with justice,
as anybody else can. We will not, however, per-
petrate injustice against them. We will not drive
them out, but we will use every inducement to
persuade these unfortunate men to find a home
there, so as to separate the races, and all will go
better than it can under any other system that we
can devise. I say again, X hope that the demands
of justice and good policy will be complied with;
and by the consent of all this will be done, and if
it is not done with the assent of all, I do hope it will
be part and parcel of the great Republican plat-
form; for I think it consists with right, with justice,
and with a proper regard for the welfare of these
unfortunate men.
Mr. TOOMBS. I desire, Mr. President, very
briefly to advert to such portion of the speech of
the Senator from Ohio as was m reply to a speech
that I made here some six weeks ago. There are
usually but two reasons why an adversary docs
not correctly state the points of his opponent.
One is,that he may not comprehend them; the
other, that he in unable to answer them. The
points which I made, and which have been at-
tempted to be replied to, have been before the
country some six weeks in print. Perhaps it may
be my own fault that the Senator from Ohio does
not comprehend thpm; perhaps I have not stated
them with sufficient distinctness to make them
plain to him; and therefore I will restate them,
so far as it may be necessary for my present
reply. _ ^ *•'
I did not complain of the action of this Gov-
ernment. I stated, that at no time, from its foun-
dation, had this Government performed its gen-
eral duties to us with more fidelity than during
the last seven years, and every charge which 1
made against the Republican party of the north-
ern States (for I confined it to them) was perfect-
ly consistent with that declaration.
I charged, first, that by their legislation in the
States of which they had control they sought to
defeat the clause of the Constitution which pro-
vides for the rendition of fugitives from labor.
The Senator says, the Federal law for the deliv-
ery of fugitive slaves has been generally executed
in his own State. That I shall show presently,
by high judicial authority is a very great mistake.
In the second place, I charged that they intended
to deprive us of our equal enjoyment 01 the Terri-
tories and to appropriate them to themselves.
This he admits. In the third place, I charged
that the Republican party of the non-slaveholdmg
States were daily, by their newspapers, by their
speeches, by their subscriptions of money, by
their inroads, and by their underground rail-
roads, attempting to disturb the peace and de-
stroy the prosperity and safety of the southern
States; that-members of that party, high in its
confidence, by these and other means were daily
striving to excite servile and internecine war with-
in our borders, and aiding and abetting invasion
from without; and that their acts, by the laws of
all civilizcd nations, were just causes of war
among all civilized nations.
I do not see that these charges are at all incon-
sistent with the proposition that our people are
generally powerful, prosperous, and able to main-
tain their rights in the Union or out of it. The
fact that the Republican party in the States where
they have secured political power, had trampled
under their feet and annulled a solemn compact
which they had sworn to obey, is not inconsistent
with any of these allegations. The fact that they
have not, as yet, succeeded in any of their atro-
cious objects, neither lessens their guilt nor should
it be a reason for lessening; our vigilance. The
fact that the Black Republicans have attempted,
and are now endeavoring, to perpetrate these
wrongs, proves them unfit to be the rulers of a free
people. 1 showed that they attempted to defeat
the provision in the Constitution for the rendition
of fugitives from labor in several different modes,
but all having the same object. New constructions
of the old writs of habeas corpus and mandamus,
under "higher-law" teachings, have been resorted
to in some of their States. New legislative devices,
under the names of these ancient writs, have been
resorted to in others; and<£ personal liberty acts,"
and acts passed under the fraudulent pretense of
"preventing kidnapping, have been resorted to in
other States. I put before the country, in some
cases,these actsthemselves,and in others abstracts
from them, none of which, though they were before
the representatives of these States for sit weeks,
have been shown, or even averred, to be errone-
ous; but in iruth, by subsequent and fuller inves-
tigation, I find I was far within the full statement
of their enormities. The State of Wisconsin, by
her Revised Statutes of 1858, pages 912, 913, 914,
933, and 934, has outstripped all of her delinquent
sisters in this disgraceful race of infidelity to the
compact. She employs counsel to defeat the ren-
dition of fugitives from labor, denying her jails to*
their owner; authorizes writs of habeas corpus to
take them wherever found; grants bail and trial
by jury to the fugitive; and requires two credible
witnesses, or evidence equivalent thereto, to prove
facts tending to prove the claimant's case; im-
prisoning, for not less than a year, any person
obstructing her officers from executing her own
warrants, and defeats all judgments obtained
against any person in her territory for the viola-
tion of the fugitive slave law of 1850. This dark
catalogue is unecjualed in the history of national
bad faith. Yet, m the face of these atrocities, we
are told these States have not violated the Con-
stitution. Is that keeping the compact? I stated
that Ohio had passed similar laws to some of
those to which I have referred, on the subject, but
that the Democratic party succeeded to power
afterwards, and repealed them. That is the state-
ment in my speech. The Senator says, if T un-
derstand him correctly, that neither the tribunals
nor the people of Ohio have attempted to evade
that law; that Ohio has passed no unconstitu-
tional enactment. I will consider that point now
more fully than I did before.
I have before me the decision of the district
court of the United States for the southern dis-
trict of Ohio, in the case of tx parte Sifford, Mar-
shal, ct. al.j and Judge Leavitt, a Federal judge
in Ohio, says:
" But, as before noticed, the writ under the extraordinaiy
Ohio l:uv of lb56, requiring the officer to whom it U di-
lectcd to take the prisoners, no matter by whom or by what
authority they arc detained, is a wholly different thing.
This act seems to have been inconsiderately passed, and
in in practical execution must lead to frequent conflicts
between the national and State authorities It might, with
great propriety, he rtPM^nated as an act to prevent the exe-
cution of the laws of the United States within the State of
Ohio."
That is a judicial judgment upon the laws of
the gentleman's State, by one of the district judges
of the United Sfcates, acting in that State. The
act referred to was then standing unrepealed, and
this judge says it might, with great propriety, be
designated as an act to prevent the execution of
the laws of the United States within the State of
Ohio. That js what I charged on them: that they
have passed laws in the State of Ohio with the
intent to defeat the execution of a particular act
of Congress, enacted in compliance with a con-
stitutional requirement. In this case, the officers
of the State Ohio carried it out practically.
Parties were arrested by the marshal of the United .
States, and the courts of Ohio issued their process,
called a habeas corpus, seized the parties, put the
marshal in jail, and turned loose the wrongdoers.
The marshal brought the case before the district
court of the United States, and the action of the
judges of the Ohio courts was declared to be un-
constitutional, null and void; but in the meantime
they had effected their objects, and turned loose
the criminals. The judge further says, in this
decision:
" It is very clear, upon the authorities before referred to,'
that with a knowledge of this fact, even if the writ were
valid, the power of the sheriff was at an end, and he was
wrong in attempting the service. As an officer, sworn to
support the Constitution of the United States, he was under
no obligation to serve it, and would have incurred no lia-
bility in refusing to do so."
That is to say, the law of Ohio being uncon-
stitutional, the writ being contrived, not under the
old habeas corpus law, but -under a new statute,,
for the purpose of defeating the execution of an
act of Congress, the officer executing the process
was not bound to obey it. This decision of the
district court of the United States, in the State of
Ohio, sustains the substance of the charge which
I made against that State.
In his ruling in this case he further says:
" When it is known to the judge that the imprisonment
is under a law of the United States, his jurisdiction ceases,
and all further proceedings in the case will be coram, non
judice."
The courts of Ohio discharged the persons who
were under arrest under process of the United
States, and imprisoned the United States officer,
directly in violation of law, and under pretense of
this so-called habeas corpus act of Ohio. Does
any sane man believe that such atrocities as these
would bo committed for any other purpose than
to vent their hate on the South? What, then,
will the gentleman say of the legislation of the
State of Wisconsin, which ho presumes to be the .
same? What will he say of the legislation of
Michigan, of New York, of Massachusetts, of
Connecticut, of Vermont, of New Hampshire, of
Maine ? What does he think of what I showed
New York attempted to do? I find, on further
examination, that there are now on her statute-
book laws equally unconstitutional, giving a trial
by jury, and prescribing the rules of evidence, m
such manner as to defeat the claimant, and in di-
rect conflict with the fugitive slave laws of 1793
and 1850.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator has hereto-
fore said nothing of Maine, and I have not, of
course, said anything about her action; but I wish
to say to the Senator thai there is not an uncon-
stitutional provision in the law of Maine in refer-
ence to that subject, and he cannot demonstrate,
in any court, anywhere, that there is.
Mr. TOOMBS. If I have not already demon-
strated it I admit I cannot do so. I have before
me what they have done, and have placed it before
the country.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator has made
the broad assertion in regard to Maine, and I deny
it as broadly. I have the provision of the statute
before me; it is clearly constitutional.
Mr. TOOMBS. What I said of Maine was
charged with her act before me; and when I was
questioned about it I said that I would put in an'
appendix to my speech what these States did.
Has ho denied anything that I ever stated about it?
Mr. FESSENDF.N. I have not understood the
Senator to say anything heretofore in regard to
Maine. If he does now, I am ready to meet it.
Mr. TOOMBS. I said in the appendix to my
speech:
" Maine imposes a fine of not exceeding ^'l.OOO, or a
penalty of u > ear's confinement in the common jail, upon
every State officer who shall arrest or detain, or aid m ar-
resting or detaining in prison, any fugitive slave."
Mr. FESSENDEN. _ The answer I have to
make, if the Senator will excuse me—I do not
