1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2541
has done the work for years. Still this is not
sufficiently definite; and 1 have made inquiry to
ascertain what the saving is by using electrotype
or stereotype plates instead of the ordinary types.
I find, upon inquiry, that it does not make a dif-
ference of ten dollars in four yeai*s, The whole
difference, in four years,is not tendollars, whether
you use ordinary type, or stereotype, or electro-
type plates. It does not amount to one tenth of
one percent, upon theactual cost of doing the work,
which of those three you use; and upon this point
I desire to call the attention of the Senator to the
evidence of Mr. Rives, who printed these Pojst
Office blanks for a great number of years:
" Question. Can these Post Office blanks be piinted for
a dollar a thousand ?
" Answer. They can, in a large printing office, when the
woikmen are at leisure, when the office has no pressing
woik to do.
" Question. Would this charge of one dollar for a thou-
sand sheets include any price for composition ?
ie Answer. I have said before that I printed them for thir-
teen years; and I never charged for composition, even lor
the first number.
" Question. Why is there no charge for composition in
this as well as in other work ?
"Answer. Because it is considered a permanent, unal-
terable job, and a printer would like to have it without
charging for the composition.
" Question. Is there, in fact, any composition, or do you
have stereotyped or electrotyped plates on wineh these
blanks are printed ?
"Answer. Before 1 came into the Globe office, in 1832,
I believe Mr. Blair had paid fifty dollars for some steieo-
typed plates ; but I do not consider it worth while to stereo-
type them, because they have to be set up—the brass rule
and types—and th^y will last much longer than stereotyped
plates, the biass not being so subject to wiiat the printers
call1 batter;' and if 1 had them, I should not care about
stereotyping them, for one composition would last four
years, or four times as long as type-mewl composition."
Here is the evidence of a man who had printed
these blanks for thirteen years, that it required
but one composition in four years, and that he
never in any instance, during those thirteen years,
charged composition,even on the first impression.
His sworn testimony is, that one dollar per thou-
sand was all that it was worth to do the work;
and his evidence further is, that it is a profitable
job for a large printing office to do it at that price,
without any allowance for composition. Again
he says:
" Question. Were you consulted on this subject by a com-
mittee of the Senate or the House of Representatives?
"Answer. I was consulted by a committee of the House
of Representatives.
"Question. When these prices were fixed by law?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
"Question. In what year?
"Answer. In 185'J.
"Question. Did you, at the request of the committee that
framed the law, furnish them a statement of what the pnee
ought to be ?
"Answer. Yes, what I thought the price should be —a
fah price. I never expected to be concerned in the print-
ing of Congress, so that it was unbiased."
This is the evidence of Mr. Rives, the present
actual Printer to the Senate, and the man who
publishes the Globe. He was consulted by the
committee of the House in 1852, and aided in
drawing up the law under which this contract
was let, under which this work has been done.
I desire to read a further extract from the testi-
mony by Mr. Rives, showing what the law is,
and how it was got up:
" Question. Have you examined in relation to the Post
Office blank?, about which you testified the other day?
"Ansu-er. 1 have made a cursory examination, a very
partial examination.
" Question. Will you state what that is?
" Answer. I have seen, at the Post Office Department,
one sheet of the account of the Printer, and I find that he
charges composition on every order. I assisted in draw-
ing up the law, and 1 intended to keep out composition
altogether. 1 printed these peimanent Post Office blanks
foi thirteen years—poht-bills*, mail" sent, mails received,
and way-bills; and 1 never charged composition even on
the first—nota single cent tor composition ; and I intended,
m the directions I gave to the committee, that nothing
should be charged for composition. I have that in print.
It was printed in the Globe, so that it might be seen what
I gave to the committee. 1 intended that no charge should
be made for composition for such blanks."
Now, sir, I hold before me the law under which
these blanks are given out, and it will be seen that
both the Senator from Maryland and the Senator
from Indiana were under a mistake in supposing
that these prices were paid even under color of
law. It is in direct, palpable, open violation of
all law, that any charge for composition is made.
Here is the act fixing the price:
'• Sue. 11. Jlni be it further enacted, That the same prices
shall be for printing for the Executive Departments
that aie paid for printing for Congress, except for printing
post-bills, which shall be printed on paper not less than
Sixteen by twenty-six inches. and 1'or printing oil parch-
ment. There shall be paid for printing the post-bills at the
rate of one dollar per thousand sheets, and at the rate of
ten dollars per thousand for printing parchments; but noth-
ing shall be allowed for altering post-bills when the altera-
tion consists ill the mere change of a postmaster's name;
and nothing herein contained shall prevent the heads of
Executive Departments from employing printers out of the
city of Washington to execute such printing for any of said
Departments as may be required for use out of Washing-
ton, when the same can be executed elsewhere as cheap
as at the rates herein specified, increased by the cost of
transporting the printed matter to the State or States where
such matter may be required for use in the public service."
There is the law. The price is fixed. They
are to have one dollar per thousand; and they
might just as well bring in a bill for ink, or for
type, or for anything else, as for composition.
Had these blanks been given to Mr. Rives, as
they had been prior to that date, we know just
what he would have charged. He would have
charged one dollar a thousand, and no more.
I believe most Senators were entirely ignorant
of this state of facts. For myself, I confess I was
most profoundly ignorant of them. I supposed
this was done under some color of law; but I find,
upon examination, that it is in direct, open, and
palpable violation of all law. So much for the
electrotyping and stereotyping and the composi-
tion.
The Senator from Indiana [Mr. Fitch] the
other day also undertook to criticise whatl said.
I am sorry he is not in his seat; I gave notice the
other day that I should allude to this matter on
the Post Office bill; he is not in his seat, but as I
shall have no other opportunity, I shall be com-
pelled to allude to this case without his presence.
I regret it; but I must go on. He said:
"The Senator from Michigan has been speaking of that
of which hois most profoundly ignorant. He has denounced
that as a fraud, a deviation from which would, of itself,
have been a fraud, because it would have been a violation
of law.5'
I have admitted that I was profoundly ignorant
of many of the allegations contained in thisbook;
and, sir, I was so profoundly ignorant, that when
the Senator from Indiana uttered that sentiment,
I was not aware that it was a mere fancy sketch;
that there was not only no color of law for pay-
ing these extravagant charges, but thatjt was di-
rectly in the face of the law to pay them. Sir, I
think that he is the only Senator on this floor who
was not profoundly ignorantof thecharges proved
in the paper read by the Senator from New York
yesterday. If he was not profoundly ignorant, I
would say to him, if he were in his scat, that
" Where ignorance is bliss, 'tia folly to be wise."
I confess that, ifl had not been ignorant of the
allegations contained in the paper read by the
Senator from New York; if I had known all that
was therein set forth, and had not called the atten-
tion of the Senate and the country to the facts, I
shoulddeserve aposition in the penitentiary rather
than an honored seat on this floor.
But, sir, I shall only detain the Senate a few
minutes longer m regard to this matter. I have
shown that there was no law for allowing this
composition. I have shown that the law fixed
the price at so much per thousand, and no more;
and that for thirteen years there had been no
custom, no precedent, no practice, by which any
more than one dollar a thousand could have been
charged. Yet, what are now the facts? I find
on page 301 of this testimony, being document
205, these items:
Whole number of orders for post bills,  4,530
Whole number sheets of signature post-bills... 11,142,230
Whole number sheets of distribution post-billa, 6,106,505
Whole number sheets of common post-bills ^ 2,835,400
Whole cost of composition on orders post-bills, $57,733 00
Whole cost of press-work-on orders post-bills, 20,084 15
Total cost of composition and press-work on
post-bills  77,817 15
Total number of orders for blanks in
reams    1,340
Total number of reams ordered, at two
dollais per ream    4,462^
Total number of reams ordered, atfour
dollars per ream  18,100^
Total cost of composition on order for blanks m
reams, at fifty cents per 1,000 ems, $15,819 6-2
Total cost of press-work of reams... 72,77a 00
Total cost of composition and press-work of
blanks in reams  88,546 62
Aggregate cost of composition and press-work
between the 16th day ot llay, 1855, and
16th of January, 1860 £160,303 "
In other words, $57,733 was paid for imagina-
tive composition, in direct violation of law, when
$20,084 15 was the price which the" law fixed.
Fifty-seven thousand dollars was paid -for ima-
ginary composition, when, as Mr. Rives swears,
no composition takes place oftener than once in
four years.
Mr. SLIDELL. Will the Senator frera Mich-
igan permit me to interrupt him a moment?
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly.
Mr. SLIDELL. I am sorry that the Senator
from Indiana is not in his seat.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am very sorry.
Mr. SLIDELL. I do not wish to delay the
Senate, and shall not make any reply. I .jvant to
put the Senator right, in point of law and in point
of fact. Mr. Rives did swear that during the time'
he printed these blanks, he did not make any
charge for composition, and Mr. Rives, as he has
shown in 1ns testimony, was entirely ignorantof
one of the great sources of profit in the printing
■<af these blanks. He had drafted a law, which he
thought was sufficient, but a change was made in
the law, of a single word, that left the door open
to all these abuses. If 1 had the statute before
me, I could show it. The Senator has it there;
will he send it to me?
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly.
Mr. SLIDELL. Certain charges were allowed
for printing Post Office blanks. As Mr. Rives
had intended the law to be, no charge would have
been allowed for composition; but I presume some
printer, who understood the business) had a hand
i n the concocting of this law. As passed, it pro-
vides:
" There shall be paid for printing the post-bills, at the rato
of one dollar per thousand sheets;" * * * *
" but nothing shall be allowed for altering post-bills, when
the alteration consists in the mere change of a postmaster's
name."
Mr. CHANDLER. I read that, sir.
Mr. SLIDELL. But another change was made
in printing these blanks. There is not only a
change in the name of the postmaster, but a change
in the name of a post office, and that was con-
sidered as entitling the parties to composition.
This could not have been remedied in any other
way than by changing the form of the Post Office
blanks altogether and having them printed without
the name of the post offices on them. That would
have entailed on the officers of the large towns a
very considerable burden, but I think that duty
might have been well performed in the smaller
offices. I do not wish to be understood here now
at all as attempting to defend this abusive practice
that has grown up. I merely want to put the
matter right. The Senator from Michigan has
spoken of abuses that have gone an for thirteen
years 
Mr. CHANDLER. No, sir; I said for years.
Mr. SLIDELL. I thought the Senator said
thirteen years.
Mr. CHANDLER. No, sir.
Mr. SLIDELL. This printing law waspassed
in 1852, and at the date of its passage there was
an existing contract with Mr. Crowell, that did
not terminate, I think, until three or four years
afterwards. The present system of printing Post
Office blanks has existed a little more than four
years. The charge for composition was submit-
ted to the decision of Mr. Whittlesey, the Comp-
troller, and it was decided to be a fair charge.
But 1 will state to the Senate how this abuse has
grown up. I think it is a very great abuse, and
I have no disposition to palliate itatall. 1 do not
think that the two Postmasters General who have
been in office since the establishment of this new
system had any means of becoming acquainted
with it; but that there was some officer of the Post
OfficeDepartment who either oughtto have known,
or, knowing, connived at the abuse, I do not doubt.
Certainly the present head of the Post Office De-
partment can never have known anything about
it. The papers were never presented to him for
signature. Under a literal construction of this
law, if a mere change of the name of the post
office entitled the party to extra composition for
each separate order, instead of there having been
six orders a day, in many instances there would
have been a hundred. The practice of the De-
partment has been this: there are three agents for
the distribution of these Post Office blanks in dif-
ferent parts of the country; the country is divided
int® three sections. Each of them, as they re-
