1598
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
profits, you make the public pay that half cent
and you take one tenth of the whole incomc. Ten
per cent, is a very large portion of the income. I
take it that if a five cent fare, is too much, public
opinion will cause it to be reduced. I do not think
I it is too much. It has not been found too much
anywhere; but if it is, public opinion will com-
pel this corporation, after they shall have made
the road, to reduce it. The price will meet what
the public says is right. If we arc going to have
the road built, let us treat them liberally; let us
induce them to make it, I do not care about this
proposition; but if anything is to be done I will
offer it.
Mr. SIMMONS. I would like to ask the Sen-
ator from Georgia if he would not consent to
modify his proposition, so as to give to these
cities one fourth or one third of the net profit
above' six per cent. Then they will get their six
per cent.,the interest on their outlay; and of the
net profit above that, divide two thirds to these
coporators, and one third to the cities, and let
the cities have a right to inspect the books.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I shall be very
glad to suggest to the Senator from Georgia, who
has offered this amendment, that he has explained
it certainly with the fullest power, and I believe
it is very generally understood. It is evident that
the Senate is becoming thin; the attendance is but
small. There is a quorum here, I believe—barely
a quorum—and a very little more discussion of
the matter, in which so few of the members feel
any interest, I think will soon send off what now
constitutes a quonam. But I suggest to those who
feel interest enough in the bill to continue to amend
it, to let us vote. Really, if a proposition is made
now by the Senator from Maine to lay it upon the
table, I shall feel bound to vote for it, for one; and
I am under the impression, from what I see and
hear around me, that a motion of that kind will
come very near carrying, unless aquorum should
fail to be present. I think it is about discussed to
death, if ever a small measure was reduced to that
extremity. It is at the last extremity now. It is
in its last gasps. If passed at all in any shape,
there is certainly intelligence enough here, after
three hours'debate to-day, to comprehend it; con-
sidering that several days before have been de-
voted to it. I really do hope that the Senator
from Georgia, in his good temper, which is always
marked and distinguished—we know that is so—
will insist upon havings vote on this matter, and
let us get along-with it.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I beg leave to call the
attention of gentlemen to thr proviso of the fifth
section of this bill, which gives the Congress of
the United States the right " at any time within
ten years after the completion of said roads" to
" alter, fix, and regulate the fare chargeable on
said roads for and during the next ensuing five
years." That is the power of Congress. If they
shall find that the privilege winch Ve now grant
is profitable, that these stockholders receive an
exorbitant percentage, wc can reduce the fare at
any time that we please. I think that is a suffi-
cient security, and that it is not, therefore, neces-
sary to be taxing this bill with this or that bonus
to Georgetown or to Washington city. T want
the fare reduced to the lowest possible grade, and
therefore I prefer to rely on this security, and
have the fare reduced, and the public in that way
will derive the most universal and general benefit
from it.
Mr. IVERSON. The yeas and nays have been
ordered on this amendment, and of course 1 have
no right to withdraw the call, and cannot, there-
fore, conform to the amiable wishes of my friend
from Arkansas. I am in favor of the amendment,
and I desire the question to be taken upon it.
The Senator from Maine says that the company
have never proposed anything to educate the chil-
dren here; but here it is in their own hand-writ-
ing. Here is their own estimate, which they have
printed and laid on the tables of Senators. They
make their estimates of the amount of investment
and the net profits, and then they say, " out of
which is to be paid the sum stipulated to the sup-
port of the public schools in Washington and
'Georgetown."
That is their own statement. They therefore
make the proposition to pay a sum out of the net
earnings to the public schools of Washington and
Georgetown. My amendment is only carrying
out their own proposition, as I understand. Here
is their own estimate. Certainly Senators have
not looked at it to see what this company will
make, according to their own showing. They
state that the expense of the work will be $258,000;
and then, after taking out all the expenses of
keeping it up, the taxes which they will pay, re-
pairs, insurance, and all the expenses that the
company will be called upon to pay, they make
a net profit of §18,000, over and above six per
cent, on their capital invested. They give all
their expenses; they add six per cent., which is
$15,496 upon the amount of investment; and then
that leaves them annually a bonus of $18,612,
which, according to my calculation, would be
eight or nine per cent. more. They have already
taken out the six per cent. on*thoir capital, and
they say they will make a bonus of $18,000 be-
sides, which of course will be about eight or nine
per cent, in addition to six; so that, according to
their own showing here made, as favorable to
them as possible, they exhibit that they will make
about from twelve to fifteen per cent, annually on
the investment. Now, I say they can well afford
o pay something out of that for the education of
the children in "Washington and Georgetown.
Mr. POLK. I fearVe shall not get through
with this bill to-day, and it is important that some
executive business should be attended to; and I
move that we go into executive session.
Mr. BROWN. If we pass this bill we can
transact all the other District business in twenty
minutes.
Mr. POLK. I have no objection to next Sat-
urday being appropriated for this business; but I
want an executive session.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Missouri, to
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. BROWN called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 16, nays 26; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bragg, Chandler, Clay, Fesscnden, Fitz-
pattick, Gieon, Grimes, llunter, Lane, Nicholson, Pearce,
Polk, Rtoe, Saulsbury, Tiumbull, and Wigfall—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Benjamin, Bigler, Bingham,
Brown, Clmgman, Collamei, Cnttenden, I)oo]ittle,' Foot,
Foster, Gwm, llamhm Ilailan, Hemphill, lverson, Ken-
nedy, King, Mason. Powell, Simmons, Udell, Sumner,Ten
Eeyk, Wade, arid Wilson—26.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. GREEN. I move to postpone the bill un-
til next Saturday, and make it a special order.
Mr. BROWN. I hope not. I do hope most
earnestly wo shall finish the bill.
Several Senators. Let us pass it.
Mr. GLIKEN. If we can pass the bill with one
vote, I am content.
Mr. BROWN. Do not talk, and we will soon
pass it.
Mr. GREEN. Very well. I withdraw the mo-
tion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring in the amendment made in Com-
mittee of the W hole, on the motion of the Senator
from Georgia, to insert as a new section:
JJrulbc it further ciiacicd, That said incoiporatcd com-
pany shall pay ovei to the corporate authouties of Wash-
ington and Georgetown, aemi-annually, one half cent on
each passenger earned over said road, to be divided be-
tween paid cities in pioportion to their population, as ascer-
tained at each Federal ccnsus; the s.mio to form a fund
for the maintenance and support ol' public schools in s>aid
cities respectively.
Mr. CAMERON. Would it be in order for
me now to oiler my amendment as a substitute
for that? [''Lotus vote."] Very well.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understand that there
is a proposition to amend that section in another
respect, and therefore I shall vote "nay."
The result was then announced—yeas 21, nays
22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bigler, Brown, Chandler,
Fitzpatnck, Green, Gurnes, Ilailan, Hunter, Iverson, John-
son of Tennessee, Kennedy, Nicholson, Polk, Rice, Sauls-
bury, Seward, Siidell, Ten Eyck, Wigfall, and Wilson—
21.
NAYS—Messrs. Bingham, Bragg, Cameron, Clmgman,
Collamer, Crittenden, JDoolittlc, Fesseftden, Foster, Ham-
lm, Hemphill. Johnson of Arkansas, King, Lane, Mason,
Pearce, Powell, Pugh, Simmons, Sunmei, Trumbull, and
Wade—22.
So the amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ments made as in Committee of the Whole are
disposed of.
. Mr. HAMLIN. On consultation with tho-com-
mittec, I am- authorized to move an amendment
in the third line of the fifth section, to strike out
" ten," and insert " five." That will give Con-
gress control of the fare after five years, instead of
ten years, as it is now.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I now move the amend-
ment which I offered in Committee of the Whole.
The substance of it is to open books and make it
a joint stock company.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I suppose we all under-
stand it. Let us dispense with the reading.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not desire it to be
read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reading
will be dispensed with.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understand the Senator
from North Carolina has an amendment to make
to it.
Mr. BRAGG. The effect of the amendment, of
which I am in favor, is to open books for sub-
scriptions generally; but objection was made to
the limitation of ten shares to each individual, at
least for a certain time, that mere men of straw
will be procured to come forward, by persons
really interested, and take up the stock m that
way; and that there was no safeguard, therefore,
in the small number of shares. I offer an amend-
ment to obviate that objection, by inserting after
the words " $500," in the second section of the
amendment of the Senator from Maine:
And to that end no subscription shall bo allowed or re-
ceived for Mock unless the person offering to make such
subseijption shall first make affidavit, before the persons
authorized to receive such subscuptionb, that the ^aine is
bona fide and in iact and in ti nth for him or herself, and not
l'or anothei ; and any person who shall take a false or cor-
nipt oath touching such subscriptions, s-hall be held to have
commuted peijury, and bo subject to all the painj and pen-
alties thcieof.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will accept that amend-
ment.
Mr. BROWN. I suggest that docs not amount
to anything. A man comes forward and makes
affidavit that he intends it as a bona fide subscrip-
tion. So he does; but it does not amount to any-
thing, for he can transfer his stock the next day.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It can certainly do no
harm.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Maine,
as modified.
Mr. CLINGMAN. We ought to have the
yeas and nays. 1 take it this is an important
amendment.
The was and nays were ordered.
Mr. IVERSON. I wish to make an inquiry
of the Chair. If this amendment of the Senator
from Maine is adopted, it will be by way of sub-
stitute for the original bill, I understand.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir; only additional
sections.
Mr. BROWN. It substitutes a joint stock
company.
Mr. IVERSON. What I want to ask the
Chair is, will the amendment itself be open to
•amendment after it is adopted by the Senate ?
Mr. CLINGMAN. Certainly. It is an addi-
tional section, and will be open to amendment.
Mr. IVERSON. Not after it is amended.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Additions can be made
to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is now open to amendment, and will not be
after it is adopted.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have paired off with the
Senator from Maryland, [Mr. Pearce.]
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bigler, Bingham, Biagg, Cameron, Col-
lamer. Fes«ieuden, Green, Grimes, Iiarian, Hemphill, Hun-
ter, Johnson of Tennessee, Kins, Nicholson, Polk, Powell,
Pugli, Sauhsbury, Siidell. Sumner, Ten Eyck. arid Trum-
bull—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Brown, Clmgman, Crittenden, Doolit-
tle, Fitzpatnck, Foster, Hamlin, Iverson, Johnson of Ar-
kansas, Kennedy, Lane, Mason, lliee, Sebastian, Seward,
Simmons, Wade, and Wilson—18.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LANE. I think the further consideration
of the bill to-day would not be profitable, and I
therefore move an executive session.
Mr. BROWN. I hope not. We have bebn
worried in the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia for four years with this bill, and I hope
