1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1599
the Senate will settle it, if for nothing else, to re-
lieve the committee from the eternal annoyance
of these people.
Mr. SLIDELL. I would prefer to have this
question disposed of; but it appears to me that
there is an imperfection in this bill, which ought
to be supplied.
Mr. LANE. Well, I withd raw my Motion.
Mr. SLIDELL. In section live it is provided
that" the privileges hereby granted shall continue
for the term of thirty years," and there is no dis-
position in the bill which indicates what shall be-
come of the railroad when those thirty years shall
have expired. It seems to me that the property
should revert to the cities of Washington and
Georgetown. The inconvenience to the public
may otherwise be very great. There is no pro-
vision at all for the extension of this charter, n©r is
there any disposition attempted to be made of the
road at the expiration of thirty years. I therefore
offer the following amendment, to come in after
the second line of section live:
And at the expuation of said term, the load, with all its
fixture?, i mining stock, and material ofeveiy kind, shall be-
come the propeity ol the cities of Washington and Geoigo-
tovvn, in propoition of the lespectivc populations of said
cities, as they may be shown to exist by the geneial decen-
nial census of 1890.
Mr. BROWN. My objection to that is this:
that you dispose of private property by direct act
of Congress. By your bill, you grant this fran-
chisesfor thirty years, and reserve to yourself the
right to alter, amend, or change the charter at
pleasure. The Senator from Louisiana proposes,
after thirty years, by direct act of Congress, to
violate a compact with these parties, if they accept
your bill, to dispose of two hundred and fifty or
three hundred thousand dollars' worth of prop-
eity. That is unjust. Whatever thirty years'
experience shall show to be right, Congress doubt-
less will do.- I think th" bill is right as it was
originally drawn, and therefore I shall vote against
the amendment.
Mr. CAMERON. Theamcndmonf, I think, is
all wrong. It is more than probable the Senator
fromLouisiana and 1 shall not be here thirty years
after this, and probably ro man who subscribes
to the stock will be living thirty years after this;
but they will make an investment which they will
leave to their families, supposing it to have value
for all time to come. It would be wrong to de-
stroy the value of it. I do not think any man
would buy the stock at thirty years' purchase.
I think you defeat the whole object of this bill,
which is to make a railroad. Why not leave it
to Congress? When we shall die, and all about
us be dead and forgotten, Congress will be here;
somebody will be here representing this great
country, and they will dispose of this matter thirty
years after this as they think wise. I would not
take that stock at one fourth its par value if you
put this amendment in, and I do not believe any-
body who lias a dollar to spare will put it into the
road with such a provision as this in the bill.
Mr. SLIDELL. It is a simple question for
these corporators whether they will consent to ac-
cept this franchise on the terms proposed to them
By Congress. If they do not choose to acceptit,
of course no injury is done them; no burden is
imposed on them. I do not iccollect whether it
was the Senator from Mississippi, or the Senator
from Pennsylvania, who said that this was a spe-
cies of confiscation—one or the other certainly.
Now, 1 can appeal to the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania for a case which ought to be within his
recollection. A canal connecting New Orleans
with Lake Ponchartrain was made at an expense
of upwards of two million dollars. The Sena-
tor from Pennsylvania was one of the principal
contractors, I believe, for the making of thatcanal.
By the terms of the charter, the canal, with all its
fixtures and property, reverted, at the end of the
term of the franchise—*-1 forget what it was, thirty
or forty years—to the State. It is quite as com-
petent for Congress to impose such a condition
as any other condition> as one of the terms of the
franchise. I think it is eminently just and proper,
because, although it is not for any benefit we shall
derive from it—no one of us has any personal ad-
vantage from a provision of this sort—we ought
to be careful, to some extent, of posterity. What
will be the situation of Pennsylvania avenue
thirty years hence, when this franchise expires,
if these men are allowed to tear^up the road, and j
destroy it ? A friend near me has suggested that ;
perhaps it*might be as well to omit the running
stock and materials; an8, with the consent of the
Senate, I will strike that part out, and simply pro-
vide that the road and its fixtures shall revert to
the city corporations. I think it an eminently
proper provision. I do not know that I shall vote
for the bill at all; certainly not without this pro-
vision.
Mr. LANE. Mr. President——
Mr. CAMER.ON. Let me have the floor for a
minute.
Mr. LANE. I will make a suggestion; and
then the Senator can see whether he will want the
floor. The bill is now in a shape that I do not
very well understand, and do not like very well;
and I should like to have a little further time to
look at it, and have the amendments all printed,
and set apart next Saturday for its consideration.
It is necessary to transact some executive busi-
ness this evening; and, with a view of going into
executive session, I propose that the amendments
adopted be printed, and that this bill be made the
special order for next Saturday.
Mr. BROWN rose.
Mr. LANE. I hope the Senator will interpose
-no objection to that; for I want time to look at
this bill. I want time to think of it, and to under-
stand it, and to vote with a knowledge of the
character of the bill and its provisions; and I am
sure that an executive session is necessary—in-
dispensable, indeed—and ought to be attended to
this evening.
Mr. BROWN. The proposition to postpone
this question to next Saturday is a proposition to
give outsiders — not that I say my friend from
Oregon wants it, but that is what it amounts to—
an opportunity to get up a conflict among one an-
other, to embanass us, annoy us, worry us, and
bedevil us, as they have done all day to-day with
this railroad proposition. This is our proposition.
It does not belong to this company, or that com-
pany. or the other company. If you are going to
give the privilege "of making a railroad upon the
avenue, do it now; do it to-day; do it at once;
do it independently; do it like Senators; and do
not postpone it to give one company an opportu-
nity of conflicting with another. That is all the
week will end in. If I had listened last Saturday
to the advicc of my friend from Arkansas, and
insisted on a vote, 1 should have got clear of the
annoyance of this bill. For four long years this
bill has been a thorn in my side. I want the Sen-
ate to take it away. You have got very near to
a conclusion of it. For God's sake, this evening
dispose of it; let us be done with it. I am tired
and sick at heart with it. Give the franchise to
anybody; but for God's sake, take it out of my
hands.
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to say a single word
in reply to the Senator from Louisiana. He has
made a mistake in regard to the charter of the
canal he referred to. It is true that canal was, by
its charter, to go to the State; but he has forgotten
that that was a bonus for a bank charter. The
bank agreed to make the canal, use its profits for
thirty years, and then return it to the State as a
bonus for the right of banking, out of which they
made a good deal of profit; but the fact that the
right of the company was limited to thirty years,
made the canal valueless to the bank. It was of
great service to the city of New Orleans and to the
surrounding country. I remember the circum-
stances very well. There are to me a great many
pleasant associations and recollections connected
with that canal. Among the rest is, that I made
the acquaintance of two handsome young gentle-
men in New Orleans, who held, then, great power
there; who treated me with great kindness and
hospitality, and they are now both Senators here.
But he is mistaken as to its pecuniary effect to the
company. It was entirely valueless because of
that clause.
Now, I want this railroad made, and I do not
'care who makes it; and I want the people who
invest their money in it to have a fair compensa-
tion for their investment. It will be a benefit to
all of us. Why not pay them properly; and why
should we differ about who is to make it? Let
anybody make it. I have voted for the amend-
ment of my fiiend from Maine; but if that does
not meet the approbation of the Senate, I will
move to reconsider. [Oh, no!] I want the road
made; and I will give it to anybody who will'
make it.
Mr. FOSTER. I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
Mr. POLK. Oh^lo ! let us have an executive
session. We must have an executive session
to-day.
Mr. FOSTER. I insist on my motion.
The motion was not agreed to,
_ Mr. CAMERON. I desire to move a recon-
sideration of the vote on the amendment of the
Senator from Maine.
Mr. LANE. Will the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania yield to me for a moment? I think now it
is very manifest t^p every Senator thfct we cannot
get through with this bill this evening. I stated
before that it was absolutely neccssary that exec-
utive business should be transacted this evening.
It is very important that it should be, and J hope
Senators will agree now to go into executive ses-
sion; and I make that motion.
The PRESIlflNG OFFICER. Will the Son-
ator indulge the Chair in referring some House
bills?
Mr. BROWN. By taking up House bills, I do
not like to have it assumed that the motion of tho
Senator from Oregon is going to be adopted. I
ho'pe the Senate will dispose of the bill to-day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator object to the reference of the bills?
Mr iiROWN. I insist on taking the questions
as tlicy come.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Louis-
iana, as modified by the mover.
Mr. LANE. Have I a right to make a motion
for an executive session?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understood the Senator to withdraw it.
Mr. LANE. No, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion is
in order.
Tho motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Louis-
iana.
Mr. LANE. I desire to offer two or threo
amendments to the bill, and I want to talk about
them, and I am not ready to do it ©ow; and I ask
delay, that I may have time to prepare the amend
ments and the icasons why I shall go in favor of
the amendments I shall ©fter; and I ask tho Sen-
ate therefore to postpone further action on this bill.
There is no occasion for hurry; there is no rea-
son why it should be pushed right through the
Senate, without giving us time to understand the
bill; and in its present shape I do not understand
it. I desire to understand it; and I therefore ask
again that, this bill be postponed until next Sat-
urday, or until any other day you please, and that
we now proceed to executive business; and I hope
tho Senate will permit us to have an executive
session.
Mr. BROWN. There if? not a man in all this
wide Republic to whose appeal I would yield
more readily than to my friend from Oregon; but
if this bill is to be postponed from Saturday to
Saturday, and from Saturday to Saturday, it will
be postponed to all eternity. There will be some-
body always ready with just such appeals as my
friend makes to-day. He ought to recollect that
this bill has been here for four long years. It
cannot be allowed that upon the appeal of c%ery
particular Senator a bill be postponed a whole
week. I have got sick and tired, and the Senate
will excuse me if I say disgusted, with this thing.
I want to get clear of it, and I hope the Senate
will not adjourn without disposing of it in some
*way.
Mr. POLK. I think that whenever and as long
as there shall be aSenatorin this body who stands
affected towards the bill as the Senator from Ore-
gon says he does, we ought to postpone it, if it
takes four years or eight years. 1 must say myself
that this bill has been amended in such a way as to
make it a very different proposition from what it
was when it came from the committee. Senators
have other amendments to offer. TIig Senator
from Oregon has amendments to offer, and he
wishes to prepare them and wishes time to pre-
prepare them, and I think it is impossible to got
through with the biil this afternoon. It is now
half-past four o'clock, and I do not see that we
are much nearer to an end, or any nearer, in fact,
than we were one hour ago, when I offered a prop-
osition to go into executive session. It is im-
