1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 25, 1860.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. E. Kempshall.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
TIIB SPEAKERSHIP.
The CLERK stated that the pending question
was on the point of order raised by Mr. Curtis
on Thursday last, on which the gentleman from
South Carolina [Mr. Keitt] was entitled to the
floor.
Mr. BRISTOW. With the consent of the gen-
tleman from South Carolina I will occupy the
time of the House for a few minutes. 1 am not
in the habit of making speeches unless I can sec
that some good may result from them. But this
occasion will have to be an exception, for" really
I cannot see that any good can result from what
I have to say.
We occupy a high position. One branch of the
legislative department of the United States, sent
here by .iprosperous, happy, and confldingpeople,
the Representatives of one of the greatest nations
on the globe,with acountry unsurpassed in climate
and soil, extending from ocean to ocean; our agri-
cultural, mechanical, and commercial interest, all
yielding the best results under a smiling Provi-
dence and the liberal institutions framed by our
patriotic fathers; our people are eminently happy;
and \vhilstitisourduty,as their Representatives,
not to mar that peace and quiet and prosperous
repose, but to augment and increase, by prudent
legislation, their enjoyment of those blessings and
privileges.it so happens that the meeting of Con-
gress has become the harbinger for agitation,ex-
citement, and the exercise of those passions which
seem to hazard the very institutions under which
we have so rapidly progressed, and so soon become
one of the greatest among the family of nations.
Has it not been truthfully said that the country is
in no danger till Congress rmetsr
The responsibility is great that rests upon us;
the country expects, and has a right to expect,
that their Representatives shall be orderly and
dignified, prudent and discreet, devoted to the
best interest of the country and the development
of her untold resources; each and every individ-
ual member should feel that he, being a compo-
nent part of the legislative branch of the Govern-
ment, must necessarily bear his due proportion
of that responsibility which to-day rests upon the
Congress of the United States. Though I have
taken no part in any debatr, yet I am one of the
number composing" the Thirty-Sixth Congress,
and am bound to share the responsibility resting
on us. Wo willingly assumed the position, and
must take it for better or for worse.
Then, how do we stand before the country and
m the eyes of the nation? Wo are, at this mo-
ment. the theme of conversation in every part of
our country. How strange to the minds of a plain
and practical people that their chosen members of
Congress—chosen for their supposed intelligence
and patriotism—cannot say by a majority of one
who shall occupy thot chair, and perform the la-
borious duty of keeping order and administering
oar rules. Not onlv is it the fact that seven weeks
have been spent m "fruitless efforts to settle which
of our number shall be Speaker, but we have ac-
tually presented to the country scenes of tumult
and disorder that are not often equaled, and rarely
excelled, in the race-Held or in the court-yard.
Could we but see ourselves as others see us,
would it not have a tendency to reform our man-
ners"' Can we expcct the people to feel satisfied ;
that we are suitable guardians to protect the great j
interests of our common country, when we cannot I
or do not control our own passions, and speedily j
organize the House ? ;
Added to the usual necessity for an early or-
ganization, is the large indebtedness of the Gov- j
erumcnt to our own citizens, who have labored 1
for the common weal, and whose demands are .
overdue, and creditors suffering, and some ruined ;
because of delayed payment, and others com- ,
polled to sell just debts on the Government, as I
am credibly informed, at twenty per cent, (lis- j
count. Under all those urgent reasons, cannot we
consent to make concessions as to party feelings ,
and prejudices, without a sacrifice of principle, for
the common good? I am ready for one, «nd each
must regulate his own conduct.
Whilst I complain of no one, 1 may be permitted
to say that I do not approve of debate or resolu-
tions on any other subject than the election of
Speaker; nor do I believe it is in a line of dignified
duty to use arguments and make speeches to con-
vince the country which of the parties is respons-
ible for this confusion and delay. Our votes for
Speaker are recorded; let the people judge from
our acts. I have long deprecated the extreme of
party feeling and its blinding influence. With
the history and downfall of parties before us, he
is to bo pitied who is so far gone as to believe
the particular party organization to which he be-
longs and the country are synonymous, and that
the one must necessarily sink with the other.
Whilst your party or mine may, in their turn,
and then another and another, rule the destinies
of this country, and become each in its turn cor-
rupt and extravagant, the people will still con-
tinue in their majesty to hurl the dominant party
fiom power by the peaceful and legitimate exer-
cise of the right of suffiage; and still our institu-
tions and form of government will bo continued;
and even if we should not organize at all, such is
the beauty and strength of our system of govern-
ment that our rights and privileges will be guarded
and protected by the States until the people have
time to make another selection of Representatives,
who will meet the first Monday in December,
1861, and organize readily, and make the neces-
sary appropriations to pay our debts with interest
from the time they were due. That would be the
Thirty-Seventh Congress; and I apprehend but
few of us would be. members, unless we should
be so fortunate as to convince our constituents
that it was not our fault. Let us defer thiK expla-
nation for the future before the people, nnd make
our explanations before that tribunal.
Much has been said in our disorganized condi-
tion that I approve in the abstract, and much that
1 disapprove. 1 must be permitted to say, m this
connection, that Kentucky is deeply interested m
the institution which has been the cause of so much
agitation and discussion; and whilst the people of
the third congressional district, which 1 have the
honor to represent, own more of that property
than any other district m the .State, they are em-
inently conservative and law abiding, prosperous
and happy in their domestic relations, determined,
yes, resolutely determined, to protect their rights
of person and property; and whilst Kentucky has
a bolder of seven hundred miles on the free States,
separated only by the Ohio river, and her loss in
value of slaves annually, as stated by the Gov-
ernor in his late message, reaches the large sum of
$100,000 by their escape across the. river, aided,
l'n many instances, by the fanatical and lawless
Abolitionists; and whilst, in some instances, our
domestic peace has been threatened and interrupted
by the vile ingrates who have been the recipients
of our kindness and hospitality, we have as yet
never looked to a dissolution of this Union as a
remedy for these evils.
We still believe that on our border, thus ex-
posed, a large majority of our neighbors are our
friends, opposed to interfering with our lights,
and ready to assist us in repelling aggressions;
and that a faithful execution of the laws of our
State, following the example of the Old Dominion,
hanging by the neck till they are dead, is a more
effective remedy, and better calculated to secure
and protect our rights, than secession, dissolu-
tion, or angry and threatening debate. Indeed,
our position, as well as the position of our north-
ern neighbors, forbids that they or we should
favor dissolution. We are not willing to become
the battle-ground of this nation. Ourmotto, "Uni-
ted we stand, divided we fall," forbids it. Our
Legislature, but a few years since, inscribed upon
the stone sent by Kentucky to compose a part of
the monument "erected in memory of Washing-
ton, in large letters: " By the blessing of God,
and under the precepts of Washington, Kentucky
will be the last State to go out of the Union."
Whilst, as our fathers did, we recognize the
right of revolution when despotism becomes ab-
solute, ue stiil look upon dissolution as a remedy
for none of our evils, but caiomito.ts in all its con-
sequences.
Such, I apprehnnd, is now the sentiment of
Kentucky. After summing up the evils of which
we have a right to complain, our patriotic,Dem-
ocratic Governor,in his late message to the Legis-
lature, concludes as follows;
<• Wt- do 'jot look vv it U!-;Gli!tion of the Union a* a rem-
edy for the evils of which we complain. Oh, no; this
Union is hallowed by too many associations which eugllt
to be dear to every American heart. Its very strength con-
sists in its seeming antagonistic interests. Its power is In
its apparent opposing forces. The. commercial and the
planting interests, which wore so difficult to reconcile by
the convention that framed the Constitution, ail flourish
together. Agriculture, manufactures, commerce, anrj the
arts, have become mutually dependent upon each other,
and should strengthen our social and triendiy relations
under our glorious system of government. The interests
of the North and the South, the East and the West, which
seemed irreconcilable, have been so happily adjusted, so
beautifully balanced, and so powerfully harmonized in the
Constitution upon a principle, ns to constitute the chief
strength of the Republic; and that principle is, to permit
the people pf each section of the Onion to regulate their
domestic and local institutions for themselves, giving to
Congress the powei, coupled with the duty, to attend to
our external relations and to regulate our national affairs.
Aflection and confidence arc the bonds of this Union. May
we do nothing to weaken, but everything to strengthen, the
ligaments that bind us togethci as a nation, and may God
still continue to protect us as equals, as fiiends, as breth-
ren, and as patriots, in the itepublic as it is, deeply devoted
to its continuance ; and may we ancl our posterity, a3 the
worthy descendants of the gallant heroes of the Eevolution,
botli now and in the future stand by the compact of the
Constitution fonned by their wisdom and consecrated by^
tllcir blood, as the only hope of freemen."
Wo know that virtue heme If may be ridiculed,
and the worst motives attributed to tho best ac-
tions: but in view of the wisdom that conceived
and the blessings derived from a wise administra-
tion of our Government, we are still disposed to
sing peans to the Constitution and the continuance
of our glorious Union. As one of the family
of States, Kentucky will still hope to bo kindly
treated—no interference with her reserved rights
as a State. She has a right to expect not only a
faithful regard to her constitutional and legal
rights, but also the social kindness which should
ever characterize the family relation.
Now, sir, I did intend to close these remarks
by a motion to procecd to a vote for Speaker; but
1 am not entitled to make that motion while occu-
pying the floor by tho courtesy of the gentleman
from South Carolina. Thanking linn, therefore,
I for his kindness, I yield the floor.
■ Mr. WOODSON' By the courtesy of tho gen-
! tleman from South Carolina, I rise to a personal
1 explanation. I find in the Now York Herald of
the 20th instant, a telegraphic dispatch from
Washington, in which it is stated that I would,
in a day'or two, offer a resolution proposing the
adoption of the plurality rule m the election of 9
Speaker. Such information was not given by me,
and, from whatever source obtained, is incorrect.
Believing, as 1 do, that the election of a Speaker
under that rule would be unconstitutional, I shall
never give my vote for, or favor such aresolution.
This, Mr. Clerk, will suffice for my piesent
purpose, with the reading of the resolution which
I had prepared and intended to present, and from
which, in all probability, has grown the telegraphic
dispatch to which I have alluded. I want that
resolution read for,information only, and as a part
of my explanation. But I take tliis occasion to
say, that on Friday next, or as soon thereafter as
I may bo able to o'btain leave, and may consider
it expedient, I shall offer the resolution which I
send to the Cleik's desk.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved^ That to-moriow, at one o'clock, p. in., this
Hoiko wiil proceed to vote, viva voce,?or .Speaker; and,
after the first ballot, in ease of no election, the name or
names receiving the lowest nunibei of votes shall be dropped,
and the balloting continued (in case of no election) from
dav to daw without intermission, except for a call of the
House oi lor adjournment, for such names only as shall
have been voted fot on tiie first ballot, and not dropped, as
herein provided; after each ballot, dropping the name or
names receiving the lowest numbur of votes, until but two
names remain to be voted lor, when the ballot shall again
be taken as between said lemaining two; and the member
receiving a majoiny of the votes cast on said ballot shall
be declated Speaker of this House.
Mr. W1NSL0W. This resolution is not
offered, as 1 understand; but X give notice that
whenever it shall be offered, I will object to it.
Air. MATTON. With the consent of the gen-
tleman from South Carolina* who "holds the floor,
I desire to make ft personal explanation.
Air, Clerk, on the 4th of this month, a short
colloquy occurred between myself and the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Air. Cox.] I attached but
little importance to it, especially as that gentleman
then, as he has since done, disclaimed any pur-
pose on his part to convey to the House the idea
contained in the words which 1 understood hiin
to employ. The report of \V'hat oceurrcdj a&giyen
in tho" Daily pfthe nest corning, is incor-
