•1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2543
plemental thereto, in reference to the Rio Hondo
claims to land in Louisiana; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims.
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT.
Mr. REYNOLDS, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported back a bill (H. R. No. 7C0)
to change the place and time of holding court for
the trial of civil cases in the circuit and district
courts of the United States; which was referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
TJnion, and ordered to be printed.
COPY-RIGHT LAWS.
Mr. REYNOLDS, from the same committee,
reported a bill further to amend the several acts
respecting copy-rights; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed.
UNITED STATES MARSHALS, ETC.
Mr. REYNOLDS. I brg leave now to report
from the Committee on the Judiciary a bill to pro-
vide for the punishment of marshals, deputy mar-
shals, and other ministerial officers, and to pre-
vent the escape of prisoners in custody. It is a
bill recommended by the Secretary of State, and
I ask that it may be put on its passage. It is to
remedy a deficiency in the existing law. A case
has recently arisen in the State of New York,
under a provision in the extradition treaty, in
which the prisoner has escaped and avoided pun-
ishment. The bill has "been drawn by the Attor-
ney General. It is recommended, as I have said,
by the Secretary of State, and I ask that it may
be passed.
The bill provides that whenever any marshal,
deputy marshal, or other ministerial officer shall
have in custody any prisoner by virtue of pro-
cess issued under the laws of the united Slates by
any court, judge, or commissioner, and such mar-
shal, deputy maishal, or other ministerial officer
shall voluntarily suffer such prisoner to escape,
the officer so offending shall be deemed guilty of a
misdemeanor, and, upon conviction thereof in any
district or circuit court of the United States, shall
be fined and imprisoned according to the discre-
tion of the court in which such conviction shall
take place.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I desire to say that
I think that is a proper bill, and I hope it will en-
counter no opposition at the hands of this Ilouse.
A case recently occurred in New York, which if
this bill had been a law, would not have arisen.
It seems to have been well matured, and 1 hope
it will be passed without objection.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ing read the third time, and passed.
Mr. REYNOLDS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DIPLOMATIC AND CONSULAR SYSTEM.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. Some time
since I submitted a motion to reconsider the vote
by which House bill No. 765, to amend an act
entitled "An act to regulate the diplomatic and
consular systems of the United States," approved
August 18, 1856, was referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union. I now
propose to call up that motion. I will state, lest
the Hoase should be deceived by the extent of
the title, that it is not proposed generally to re-
model our consular and diplomatic systems, but
merely to provide salaries for consuls in some
cases where they have none, and in other cases
where the salary is totally inadequate.
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to a question of order.
I do not think that bill ought be pressed upon the
House for action without some time for examina-
tion. Unless the gentleman who has charge of
the Private Calendar is disposed to yield, so that
I we may look into it and discuss it, 1 must object
to its being considered.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I understand
the gentleman from New Hampshire [Mr. Tap-
pan] has no objection to its consideration.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am afraid, however, the
gentleman from Pennsylvania may want to move
the previous question. Unless it is understood,
therefore, that there is to be full discussion upon
it, I must object, as I have a right to do, this
being private bill day.
The SPEAKER. If objection be made, the
motion cannot be Called up on this day.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I ask the
gentleman from Alabama to at least allow me to
make a statement before he insists on his objec-
tion. I will state that Swatow, one of the ports
opened under the recent treaty with China, has
no consul at all. It is as necessary that there
should be a consul at that port as at Canton or
Shanghae. The bill provides the same salary for
the consul at that port that is given to the consuls
at Canton and Shanghae.
We have provided that the consul at Bremen
shall receive a salary of $3,000. He receives
§2,000 under the present >law, while he is com-
pelled to pay §100 per month for board at the
hotel where he stops, and in which he could live
more economically than at any other place. He
also has to pay $600 a year to a clerk, making,
in all, $1,800, and leaving him §200 for compen-
sation.
The consul at Malta we provide shall have a
salary of §1,500. This ^s one of the most im-
portant consulates in the Mediterranean. The
port has, perhaps, a larger commerce with this
country than any other in the Mediterranean.
We also provide th e same salaries for the consuls at
Florence and Barcelona; and I will state that there
are not less than two thousand travelers from this
country annually visiting Florence. There is no
consul to certify invoices; and the losses from that
source, in the way of fraudulent invoices, are
greater than the salary of a consul as provided by
thisbill foryearstocome. Thesalaryoftheconsul
at Paraguay is now just four dollars a year. The
consulate at Gibraltar might as well be abolished.
I want to know whether this Ilouse is ready to
arrest the business of the country.
Mr. GARTRELL. Will the gentleman let me
amend the bill so as to provide a salary of §1,000
for the consulate at Hanover?
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I do not ob-
ject.
Mr. RUFFIN. I rise to a point of order.
There can bono debate on this proposition, objec-
tion being made.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the con-
sideration of the matter at this time?
Mr. HOUSTON. I object.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. This bill is
recommended by the State Department, and is
recommended by the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs; and I hope its consideration will not bo pre-
vented at this time.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 object.
MACFARLAND & DOWNEY.
Mr. HICKMAN. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to report back Senate bill No.
241, for the relief of MacFarland & Do wney, from
the Committee on the Judiciary.
There was no objection.
The bill was reported back to the House; and,
on motion of Mr. Hickman, it was laid upon the
table.
KANSAS SCHOOL LANDS.
Mr. NOELL. 1 ask the unanimous consent of
the House to report back, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, Senate bill No. 107, to con-
firm the titles of certain purchasers of school
lands in Kansas Territoiy. The bill ought to
pass, for it is a just one.
The bill was read.
Mr. CURTIS. I object; and call for the reg-
ular order of business.
Mr. NOELL. I hope that gentlemen will not
object until the report accompanying the bill shall
be read. It is a clear case, and ought to be passed.
Mr. CURTIS. That matter ought to go before
the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. NOELL. It has been there; and I now
propose to make a report from that committee.
Mr. CURTIS. I must object. I insist on the
regular order of business.
JEREMIAH PENDERGAST.
Mr. BURNETT. If I can have the attention
of the House, I can satisfy members that there
will be no objection to what I shall ask the House
to do. I ask the unanimous consent of the House
to discharge the Committee of the Whole House
from the further consideration of Senate bill No
144, for the relief of Jeremiah Tendergast, of the
District of Columbia. It is for the relief, sir, of
a gallant and meritorious soldier who served in
the battles of the valley of Mexico. He was
blown up in an attack upon a number of piratical
junks on the coast of China. He is now allowed
a pension of four dollars a month. He is a resi-
dent of this city, and has a family to take care of.
His disability is certified to by a surgeon, and
his gallant conduct is certified to by three colonels
who were in the Mexican war, he having been
under their eyes in the several battles in Mexico.
The bill only provides for givinghim eight dollars
a month. It is only what we allow to others.
Mr. NOELL. 1 asked, a moment ago, for the
consideration of a bill that had been unanimously
passed by the Senate. It confirmed titles to lands
to those to whom they belonged. Objection was
made to such a bill as that, and I must object to
this.
Mr. GARTRELL. This bill is upon the Pri-
vate Calendar, and I object to a bill being taken
up out of its regular course.
Mr. BURNETT. This is a meritorious case,
which has come under my own observation. Mr.
Pendergast is totally disabled, and the bill pro-
vides only for giving him eight dollars a month.
We can dispose of it now in a very few moments.
If allowed now to pass over, we will not be able
to reach it this session.
Mr. LONGNECKER. It is a meritorious case.
I know it; and 1 hope there will be no objection
to the passage of the bill.
Mr. GARTRELL. I object.
HENRY MIDLER.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House for leave to withdraw
from the files of the House the papers in the case
of Henry Fedler, in order that they may be re-
ferred to one of the Excutive Departments.
It was ordered accordingly.
Mr. TAPPAN. Whatisthe exactposition of
the bill referred to by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Morris?] Is it the bill for the
amendment of the consular and diplomatic act?
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider
can be called up on any other day when the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania gets the floor. It can-
not, of course, be called up to-day, it being set
apart for the consideration of private business, if
objection be made.
Mr. TAPPAN. I call for the regular order of
business.
JANE W. M'KEE.
Mr. SIMMS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House that the Committee of the Whole
House be discharged from the further considera-
tion of House bill No. 740, granting an increase
of pension to Jane W. McKee, widow of Colonel
William R. McKee, of the second regiment Ken-
tucky volunteers. The bill is for the relief of the
widow of a gallant soldier, who was killed at the
battle of Buena Vista. It is a case appealing to
the patriotism of every man in this House.
Mr. NOELL. I call for the regular order of
business.
COVODE COMMITTEE.
Mr. WINSLOW. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I wish to submit a motion to the House,
but before doing so, I desire to have the paper
read which I send to the Clerk's desk. It is a
copy of aportion of the minutes ofthe committee,
commonly known as the Covode committee.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Wednesday. May 30,1860.
The committee met pursuant to .tdjourn'ment. Present,
the Chairman, Messrs. Train, Winslow, and Robinson.
Mr. Winslow moved that subpenas be issued for the
following witnesses:
T). S. Koon. Pittston, Luzerne county, Pennsylvania;
O. F. Gaines, Boonton,New Jersey; John Brisbane, George
Sanderson, A. Davis, Ira Tripp, Joseph Scranton, and J.
W. Palmer, Scranton, Luzerne country, Pennsylvania.
The Chairman said: i have in my possession letters ask-
ing me to subpena hundreds of persons as witnesses. In
every instance where I find they have no direct connection
with the Government I decline to subf#na them. There is
no evidence here that a single one of these persons has any
connection whatever with the Government. I theiefore
shall vote against putting the Government to the expense of
subpenaing them here. *
Mr. Winslow. I applied for these witnesses in April
la&t, and an order was made for their being summoned.
They have never been summoned- I am informed, upon
information said to be reliable—and not by an anonymous
letter—that large sums of money were expended by Mr.
Scranton, of Pennsylvania, and by his friends in his dis-
