THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
rect. I refer to it at this late period, as I see that
it instill being copied in the newspapers in my
section, placing me in an improper light.
It represents me as using language for which
—were the report correct—there was no occasion
"Whatever •, language, too, such as can rarely, if at
all, "be properly employed on this floor, and for
which 1 certainly have no fondness. I desire that
the record may show the circumstances under
which it was used.
This report represents Mr. Cox as saying:
" Mr. Cleik, I said the other day that there was a closer
affinity between them than between the South Americans*
and the Dcmociats; and E believe it. And now I wiH say
just here, that before this Cort&ress met, I saw the Rich-
mond Whig, one of the organs of the South American?,
express a *tiong desire for an organization of the House by
a union of the Opposition. T saw the same tiling in the
Louisville Journal, in the Baltimore Patriot, and in Brown-
low's paper. A gentleman from Baltimore, now on this
floor, also was reported to have favored such a union. If
th'3 advice had been followed, and had the affair of John
brown Harper's Feiry not happened, there would have
such a union this dav in the organization of the
lion-.-..--
This, sir, is not the language of the gentleman,
as I understood him. It is not the language to
which 1 was replying; nor is it the language he
was represented by the official reporters to this
House to have used. The notes of the reporters
were interlined, as I was informed, by the gen-
tleman; and what we have in the extract just read,
is what appears in the manuscript of the report-
ers after it was so interlined. The only material
alteration is in the last sentence of the paragraph.
The words, "If this advice had been followed,
and," arc not m the manuscript of the reporters,
nor were they used by the gentleman, as heard
'by me. And that their report, omitting these
words, is correct, I refer to the fact that in the
report of his remarks in the Intelligencer, the
New York Herald, and the Tribune—all the pa-
pers I have examined—no such words, or any-
thing like them, are to be found. Without them
the sentence reads:
"Had the affair of John Brown, at Harper's Feriy not
happened, there would havo been such n union tin-; day
[between the southern Americans and .Republicans] jn the
organization of tlx* House."
So understanding him, I felt called on, as one of
the southern Americans, to use the following lan-
guage:
" Any man who intimates that it lias been my purpose,
since 1 came hero, oi before, oi at any tune, to unite itii
the Black .Republicans—I think that is suiHciently eompie-
hensive—-states that wlueh is false."
Now, sir, by the addition of seven words to
what the reporters gave as his language, the char-
actor of the sentence is totally altered. Without
these words, it is stated as u fact, that 44 had the
affair of John Drown at Harper's Ferry not hap-
pened, there would have been such a union,5,&c.
With these words, the gentleman is made to say
that 4* there would have been such a union," had
tne " followed" the 44 advice" of certain newspa-
pers, in which he had seen something. With ref-
erence to what we mi^ht or might not have done,
had we been governed by newspapers, 1 had noth-
ing to say. Hut, when he undertook to state it as
a iact, aw I understood him, and as the reporters
understood him, that had it not been for the Har-
per's Perry affair mv party would have been uni-
ted with the Republican organization, I foltitdue
to my party and to myself to speak as I did.
I do not wish to be regarded as complaining at
the gentleman's alteration of the reporters'notes,
so as to conform to what he says was the idea he
intended to convey; but simply, as I have said, to
have properlyunderstood the circumstances tinder
which I employed language upon this floor, which
1 am not in the habit of using anywhere, txcept
when 1 believe the occasion demands it.
Mr. COX. 1 want to ?>ay ti woid in reply to
the gentleman from Tennessee. Substantially,
that report, as furnished the lvxtday in the Globe,
was correct. The proposition I made was, that
there was, before the convening of tlv.s Congress,
a contemplated union between "the different wings
of the opposition of the Democratic party m this
House. That was the substance and gist of my
statement. I do not now mean to avow, and'I
did disavow it over and over again, that there was
in the present Congress now, any such union ex-
isting; but I stated that before that time, it had
been suggested, it had been urged by various
papers of the Opposition, and I did state that I
believed that had it not been for John Brown's
foray there might have been such a union here.
I might have added properly, 44 if that advice had
been followed;" and, sir, I have not seen reason
to change my opinion. It is not a matter of
fact; it is merely a matter of opinion on my part.
1 am ready to say now that I believe there are
men among the South Americans who would not
have united with the Republicans in any event,
even if John Brown's foray had not occurred;
but I believe there would have been such a union
of the Opposition to the Democratic party in this
House as to control the organization, if it had
not been for John Brown's foray. But, sir, I wish
it understood here that I make no attack upon
these gentlemen. I simply make the statement
of what was intended before this Congress, gath-
ered from the speeches of one of the South Amer-
ican members upon this floor reported in the
Baltimore papers. In corroboration, let me state
that Mr. Nelson, of Tennessee, has said:
44 In reference to the letter addressed by Dr. Brownlow
to Rev. U. S. Tnyloi, [ have simply to.-:ay,'that it wa-, writ-
ten by him while on a visit to Healing Spun?:-, Buth county,
Virginia, on the 26th of August, 1809, and 1 never saw oi
heaid of the letter until I saw it in the Gicenvdle Demo-
crat ; that I am in no way ic«ponsible for its sentiments;
and that since the foray at Harper''s Ferry, Dr Uro>t nlow
himself, judging from the tone of his paper, has wholly
changed his views in lcgaid to a union between the south-
ern Opposition and the Republicans."
The sentiments referred to were those looking
to a union of the Opposition against the Democ-
racy in this House.
I may, Mr. Clerk, taking advantage of the op-
portunity offered me by the gentleman from South
Carohnaand the gentleman from Tennessee, have
rend to this House a part of the evidence upon
which I predicated that statement. I accompany
the extracts with the remark that I do not believe
that at the present time, m this Congress, there
is any such union, or any such union now con-
templated, between the two wings of the Opposi-
tion in tins House, as I regard them. I send to
the Clerk's desk to be read, an extract from Mr.
Brownlow's paper. I have the original paper,
dated October 15, 1S59, which also contains an
extract from the Richmond Whig.
The Cleik read, as follows:
^ Org\niz\tion or- tiii-- Ilorsr.—Wo ase giatified to
find that oui *outhern Opposition exchanges arc all ag ced
m a union of the Opposition. Xoith ami Souib, to d-'ie.it
the election of u Dcniomutie Speakei of the next House of
Representative--. And we io)oice at fmdipjj them all pla-
esn? then wi-ho-i, in this ic-p.-ei, upon the >aiiie patriotic
jjiutmds—that oi'( leetm'4 a aker who will not pa< k the
committees, with a view to --uppLOss investigations into
the uumeiou^. enounous fiaudsand villainous abuse which
have characterised theenthe career ot Buchanan's admin-
istration. Upon thi«< subject, the Richmond Whig say* :
.. < -\y(, m now, as we have affirmed bcfoic. that, a-5
a patiiot and as an honest man. who cannot and 'will not
eommc at the eonnption whi< h ha.* been piactjecd urnici
the present profligate and dcte.nal.le Adimnis nation : we
should vote with all boldne.s i and with all eoidialify/or fAe
rcty hhwkest of the Black Republican*, fit bpeaUer in prcf-
crcmr to (o:y Donocrof vhalcvry. On tills giound we take
o*ii j-tand, and on tins giound we r-hall continue to stand,
in -pite or the wailing- and how ling--, of all the Democratic
demagogue•> on earth oi in the regions of their lather, his
t-ahle majesty of the realm-* of daikne^s '
u These aie our .sentiment.-, at fur as they go; but we £jo
beyond anything yet exprevod by the able editor of the
llichmoml Whuj. if the devil himself wore eligible to the
Ppeakciship of the House, and was only twenty-fourhours
outfiomthe infernal legion-, with the stench of the smoke
and brimstone of hell upon linn, and would pledge himself
to appoint committees who would lei rot out the eo> ruptions
of Buchanan's adnmnstiation, we would vote for him for
Speaker in piei'crence to an\ Buchanan Democrat w hat-
evei ! Tiuu, we know the devil to be a liar, and a violator
of pledges ; but we know a Buchanan Democrat to be the
same thing; and wo should have more faith in the fidelity
of the devil than that of a Di mouut. When the devil
turn^ his head ma ceitam dneotion. lie goes u; but a Dem-
ocrat looks one wav. and act- m a ditleo-nt iliiecfion. Be-
I sides, the devil is /uini,:ar with all the fmuds and thefts of
1 the Admtni-tiation, and would know w ho to call on at. w it-
, nes^es.'5
| [Great laughter.]
Air. COX. I have, sir, only to say this in ad-
dition: that the other papers I have referred to
have held the same tone all along up to this Brown's
foray: and I cannot, for the life of me, see what it
was that changed the tenor of these papers, unless
it bo that prominent fact m our political history.
The Richmond Whig, which said that it would
use what influence it had to secure the election
,of the blackest of Black Republicans before any
■ Democrat, is now one of the most conservative
Eapcrs, and urges its friends to stand to the end
ya conservative man m the organization of the
| tiouse. What has produced this great change ?
s I have my opinion.
I will not at the present time take up the time
of the House by reading these various extracts
from papers published at Baltimore, at Louis-
ville, and at other places. I simply affirm the fact,
from these papers, that such a union was in con-
templation ; and I say it again, to prevent all mis-
take, as a matter of truth, which I have observed
as well from the votes as from the remarks and
conductof southern gentlemen, that no such thing
has been evinced in their action here. -*That is
all.
Mr. ASHMORE. Mr. Clerk, with the con-
sent of my colleague, I send up, to be read for in-
formation, a resolution, which I desire the House
to adopt. If it be now objected to, I give notice
that I wili call it up on the first opportunity that
is presented.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Resolved* That the re porte is of the New Yoik Herald be,
and thev are hcrebv, expelled from the galleues.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Docs the
gentleman want action on the resolution now?
Mr. ASHMORE. I simply wanted it read for
information. If gentlemen want to discuss it they
will have an opportunity tn do so when I get it
before the House.
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Clerk, 1 wish to have a
correction made in the report in the Globe of yes-
terday's proceedings. 1 find this language m"that
report:
" Mr. Farnsworth. * * * * I simply
wanted to call the attention of the House to the fact that
this Douglas Democracy, through their chief, have now put
themselves upon iecord m lavoi of a slave code.
u Mr. Logan. That was on iceosd a good many times
in Illinois."
If that statement was made by Mr. Farxs-
wortii, I certainly made no such response to it
as that we were on record in Illinois in favor of a
slave code. During the colloquy, my recollection
is, that while sitting in my seat, not standing up,
some remarks were made m debate by Mr. Farns-
wortii in reference to the record of Senator Doug-
las and his twisting; to which I replied, that, so
far iis Douglas and the Illinois Democracy wen?
concerned, they had made their rccoid in Illinois.
I did not then, or at any time, say, he and the
Democracy of Illinois were on record in Illinois
in favor of a slave code. I hope the correction
will be made.
Mr. KEITT. Mr. Clerk, before I proceed to
discuss the essential questions, I will make a pre-
liminary remark or two on a matter incidental and
not essential. The nominee for Speaker of the
Republican party says that he is under an im-
pending menace, and that it will not be lifted to
allow lum to explain—that it stands there and ties
his hands and seals his lips.
Now, sir, I do not intend to criticise the phrase-
ology of that resolution, nor do T intend to inti-
mate that I would not, if it were under my con-
tiol, lift it for the purpose indicated. But, sir, 1
would, out of an entire willingness to give every
opportunity to make an explanation, and for that
reason alone. But he has waived the right. He
has waived it in cither alternative in which it re-
solves itself. Either he has spoken to it, or he
has not spoken to it. If he has not spoken to it,
his silence is evidence of a waiver; if he has
spoken to it he has waived the menacc. He has
declared to this House, how and under what cir-
cumstances he signed that recommendation. Was
not that a part of the resgestcz ? And if there was
any degradation, and I do not intimate that there
was any, in making the explanation on that sub-
ject, was not the degradation already committed ?
Mr. SHERMAN. The gentleman from South
Carolina will allow me to state one fact which he
does not seem to appreciate. It is this: that very
soon (I think within three or four days, and per-
haps sooner) after this resolution was introduced,
1 caused it to bo stated to the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Clark] that I regarded the reso-
lution as a menace, and if he would withdraw it
1 would make an explanation. In justice to rie
the gentleman from South Carolina should make
that statement.
Mr. KEITT. I was not aware of the fact.
Mr. SHERMAN. My response was not mado
to the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Clark,]
but to a gentleman from Virginia who occupied a
peculiar position upon this floor.
Mr. OSuARK, of Missouri. Will the gentle-
man from Ohio tell me what gentleman it was
that convoyed that information to me?
