1600
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7.
portant that some executive business should be
transacted. I repeat, that it is very important
that it should be transacted. Itwillnot take long;
but I know if this bill is gone on with until it is
disposed of, we shall not have a quorum hereto
go into executive session. I hope, therefore, that
the proposition of the Senator from Oregon will
be accepted.
Mr. BROWN. It turns out as I predicted in
the early part of the day. You have got aparcel
of capitalists here, who are fighting one another.
Here is your Metropolitan Railroad Company
and your citizens' company, and this company
in favor of which the committed reported. They
fight one another. Sir, there is nothing of sub-
stantial public interest in this contest. It is an
attempt to make private profit; and why should
this grave Senate yield to an idea of that sort?
Why not select one of these claimants and say,
" we give you the right to lay tlfis road," and be
done with it; not wait a week until somebody
may get up some scheme to embarrass us more
the next Saturday than we are embarrassed to-
day. Wait a week, and the ingenuity of these
people will get up all manner of schemes upon you,
as they have done last week. If I had yielded to
the request and solicitation of my friend from
Arkansas, and my friend from North Carolina,
last Saturday, and urged the passage of this bill,
we should have had it over, and been done with
it. Wait a week longer, and you will be still
more embarrassed. I beg of the Senate to dispose
of the question to-day. We have had in the Dis-
trict committee room more committees, more im-
portunities, more remonstrances, and more of
everything that annoys a committee, over this
question, than we have had over everything else
beside. I beg and implore the Senate to dispose
of the question, and let us be done with it; decide
it any way, I do not care the snap of my finger
how, so that you take it off my hands.
Mr. KENNEDY. I have but a single word to
say. I have refrained from entering into the de-
bate to-day. I always regard it as a very ungra-
cious task to oppose that which may be deemed
by some of my own constituents a matter of in-
terest to them. I can only acquiesce in and in-
dorse the views of the honorable Senator from
Mississippi, the chairman of the Committee on
the District of Columbia, in saying that I myself
have been so persecuted, so harassed and an-
noyed by this question, which has resolved itself
simply into one between the ins and the outs, that
I am myself now inclined to move the indefinite
postponement of the whole thing. This is the
third year since I have had the honor of a seat on
this .floor that I have been annoyed with this
picayune bill. Much has been said in* regard to
the vast profits to result ftom thi« franchise. 1
myself do not accord at all 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen-
ator suspend his remarks until order can bo re-
stored m the Chamber? It is utterly out of the
question to transact business with so much con-
fusion.
Mr. KENNEDY. I have but a word or two
to say, and that is to enter my protest now to the
postponement of the consideration of this bill over
to-day, with a full understanding here that I give
now to the Senate that, rather than be subjected
totlje annoyance that I have been for three years
to the detriment of my other important business
here, I am prepared to move the indefinite post-
ponement of the whole thing, and to wash my
hands of it forever If we are to go into execu-
tive session here upon the eve of a final vote, by
. which this whole question is to be carried over
and be renewod at some other day, I know per-
fectly well myself that it is a renewal of the whole
subject on new schemes and new amendments
and new projects, to be harassing us, from hour
to hour and from day to day, and I wash my
hands of it now.
I am prepared to vote on the bill I have care-
fully considered and weighed the views that have
been presented to the Committee on the District
of Columbia, of which 1 am a member. I have
acquiesced m the report made by that committee
in favor of the bill on your table. One party, con-
stituents of my own, have presented no viaws that
have had weight with me. I have regarded—I
say it with deference, not meaning to impugn the
veracity, the honor, or the character of any gen-
tleman—the corporators of the Metropolitan bill
as being here under false pretenses, aniupon that
view I have acted. I wish the question disposed
of now. I voted for this bill substantially last
year. I made my remarks then—which have been
considered very ungracious on my part, as seem-
ing to oppose the interests of my own people—but
I have acted in accordance with my honor and
my sense of justice and of truth in the matter. I
beg that .the question may be taken to-day.
Mr. LANE. One single word, and I will not
trouble the Senate again on this question. I un-
derstand that the amendmentof the Senator from
Maine [Mr. Fessenden] was adopted as a substi-
tute for the bill as presented to the Senate. It is
a new bill. It is one that I have not seen. It has
not been printed; and the bill pending now is not
the one introduced by the committee. It is not
anything like the bill presented by the committee.
Mr. KENNEDY. It is substantially.
Mr. LANE. Not at all. It is different in all
its provisions. It is not the same corporation by
any means. I want the bill printed, so as to be
able to examine it". I have ibeen more fortunate
than other Senators in relation to this matter. I
have had no annoyance. I have never spoken to
a gentleman, and no living man to me, outside of
the Senate Chamber, on the subject. I have read
none of the memorials; none of the remonstrances;
none of the printed papers, and nothing else in
relation to it. I have read the bill. I read it as
it was reported by the committee and printed,"and
as I found it on my files, and I understand it is
as it came from the committee; but this is a new
proposition that I do not understand. I want to
look at it; to see it. I desire time to consider it
and understand it; and I hope the Senate will not
press a vote. I do not see what inconvenience
there can be in letting it go over. Who is there
that will feel that he will be annoyed ill relation
to this matter before next Saturday' I will ven-
ture that I cxpeiicnee no annoyance—not a par-
ticle. Now, with thestf remarks 
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from Ore-
gon will allow me, I have voted steadily against
adjourning and going into executive session with
a view to finish this matter; but I do not see how
we can resist what the Senator from Oregon says.
He wants to examine the bill. I think we had
better acquiesce at once, and I am prepared to do
so; andl think if hu will let tho question be taken
we will agree to go into executive session, and let
the bill go over.
Mr. LANE. Then I will say no more, with
the hope that the bill may be postponed, and that
we may have an executive session.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I make that motion, that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of execu-
tive business.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. I desire to inquire what
is the state of the case. Is Saturday of next week
set apart for District business? ["No."] Then
this will go over as the unfinished business until
Monday if we now ^o into executive business.
The PRESIDING OFFICER.. That wilt be
the order, as the Chair understands.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask the Senator from Illi-
nois to withdraw his motion for a moment. I
desire to move a reconsideration of the vote taken
on one of the amendments which has been adopted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
receive that motion, if there be no objection.
Mr. HARLAN. I move a reconsideration of
the vote by which the amendment offered by the
Senator from Maine was adopted. I do not ask
the question to be taken on the motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Before putting
the question on the motion that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business,
the Chair will cause some House bills on the table
to be referred.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following "bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were severally read twice by their
titles, and referred as indicated below:
A bill (No. 85) for the relief of R. K. Doebler—
to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
A bill (No. 262) for the relief of the legal rep-
resentatives of Francois Guillory, deceased—to
the Committee on Private Land Claims.
A bill (No. 224) for the relief of W. Y. Han-
sell, the heirs of W. II. Underwood, and the rep-
resentatives of Samuel Rockwell—to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
A bill (No. 264). for the relief of Charles Still-
man—to the Committee on Military Affairs and
Militia.
A bill (No. 265) for the relief of Frederick Ste-
phens—to the Committee on Military Affairs and
Militia. t
A bill (No. 130) to pay to the State of Missouri
the amount expended by said State in repelling the
invasion of the Osage Indians—to the Committee
on Military Affairs and Militia.
A bill (No. 266) for the relief of Brevet Lieu-
tenant Colonel Martin Burke, and Captain Charles
S. Winder, of the United States Army—to the
Committee on Military Affairs and Militia.
A bill (No. 267) for the relief of Mrs. A. W.
Angus, widow of the late Captain Samuel Angus,
United States Navy—to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
A bill (No. 269) granting a pension to James
Lacy, of Grainger county, Tennessee—to the
Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 270) granting a pension to John
Madden, of Campbell county, Tennessee—to the
Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 271) granting a pension to Cyrenus
C. Blackmail, of St. Helena parish, Louisiana—
to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 272) granting a pension to Adelaide
Adams, widow of Commander George Adams,
United States Navy—to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
A bill (No. 273) for the relief of Micajah Hawkes
—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 276) for the relief of Mrs. Hannah
McDowell—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 277) for the relief of Webster S.
Steele—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 284) for the relief of John W. Tay-
lor and certain other assignees of preemption Und
locations—to the Committee on Public Lands.
A bill (No. 600) for the relief of the children
and heirs of Alexander Montgomery—to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now I renew the motion
for an executive session.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to the censideration of executive business;
and, after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, April 7, I860.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
APPOINTMENT OS A COMMITTEE.
The SPEAKER appointed Mr. Niblacic a
member of the committee appointed under the
resolution submitted by Mr. Hoard on the 6th
ultimo, to supply the place of Mr. Dimmick, ex-
cused.
ICATE D. TAYLOR.
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. I desire now tS
call up the motion I made yesterday to reconsider
the vote bv which Senate bill (No. 250) for the
relief of Kate D. Taylor, widow of the late Bre-
vet. Captain Oliver H. P. Taylor, was referred to
a Committee of the Whole House. I desire to
put the bill upon its passage; and before that is
done, I desire to make a few remarks.
Mr. SMITH, ofVirgima. I object.
Mr. TAPPAN. I move that the House resolve
itself into a Committee of the Whole House upon
the Private Calendar.
Mr. GURLEY. I rise to a question of privi-
lege.
Mr. ELY. I ask the gentleman from New
Hampshire to yield to me a moment.
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. It will occupy
not more than two minutes to pass this bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky asks the unanimous consent, of the House
to put the bill for the relief of Kate X>. Taylor
upon its passage.
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. I desire to make
a simple explanation of the bill.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. If the gentleman is
allowed to make his explanation as an argument
in favor of taking it up, but not assuming that it
is up, I have no objection to hearing it.
