1860.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
159
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Reelection of Senator Douglas—Mr. Kdlogg.
Ho. of Reps.
publicans in the State of Illinois and in the State
of Missouri, I will yield to him.
Mr. COLFAX. The gentleman from Illinois
was speaking- in relation to one point. He wished
to know what Republican members were present.
He«*>«rs hedesires me to state, if I will state every-
thing that transpired between Judge Douglas
and myself. I must be permitted to be the judge
of what I shall state, and what I shall not state.
If the gentleman desires to know anything in ref-
erence to this interview, I feel myself at liberty to
allude to the matter, as both the gentlemen con-
cerned in the interview have referred to me as
witness; but my own self-respect must be the judge
as to what I shall .say in regard to other parties
and other matters, if the gentleman desires to
hear ine, I will state what I have to say very
frankly; if not, I will refrain.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Mr. Chair-
man 
Mr. McCLERNAND. The gentleman from
Indiana has been challenged to make a statement;
and I hope he will be permitted to procecd.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Who challenged
him ?
Mr. McCLERNAND. Do not shrink.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I do not shrink.
I have not called upon the witness; but now I in-
sist that he shall answer. And I insist that he
shall answer, not only in reference to that part of
the subject to which I have alluded, but in ref-
erence also to a conference between himself and
Judge Douglas, in reference to Mr. Blair being
returned to the Senate from the State of Missouri
as a Republican. Lei the gentleman make a clean
breast of it.
Mr. COLFAX. I will state that there were two
members of Congress present at that interview
between Judge Douglas and Mr. Greeley. Those
two gentlemen were Mr. Clark B. Cochrane, of
New York, and myself. Mr. Greeley was in this
city on business. What called him here I do not
now remember. Mr. Cochrane, I think, sug-
gested that Mr. Greeley should call upon Judge
Douglas. The interviews were not very long,
and they were not private—that is to say, noth-
ing was said which could not have been said pub-11
licly upon the streets. I have taxed my memory
to recall all that was said, and think I can state it
fully.
Both of those gentlemen—Judge Douglas and
Mr. Greeley—have referred to me as proof of
what transpired, or I should not here, or any-
where else, on the demand of any person, have
spoken in regard to them.
There was nothing said about the senatorial
election in Illinois, to the best of my knowledge,
recollection, or belief. I am positive that the sen-
atorial election was not referred to. The only
subject of a political character referred to was the
Lecompton constitution, which was then pending
before Congress; the necessity of its rejection, and
the means by which its success could be averted.
They were talked of frankly and freely. Nothing
was then said by Judge Douglas which he had
not before said publicly. He is politically hostile
to me, and I desire to see him, if a nominee for
the Presidency, defeated. But I bear this testi-
mony because it is due to him.
There was one other subject discussed. That
was, the rise of property in Chicago, which, I
suppose, has nothing to do with this matter.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I wish to ask
the gentleman from Indiana if, in that conference,
the position of Jude,e Douglas upon the slavery
question was not discussed ?
Mr. COLFAX. It was not; except that lie
said he intended to resist the Lecompton consti-
tution to the bitter end, regardless of the results
to himself.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois-. I ask if his po-
sition upon the slavery question was not dis-
cussed ? *
Mr. COLFAX. It was not, to my recollec-
tion.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Now, I want to
knosv if Judge Douglas and yourself did not
have a conference, or if you were not the bearer of
dispatches to Mr. Blair in reference to his election
from the State of Missouri to the United States
Senate ?
Mr. COLFAX. After the canvass which re-
sulted in myelection to thisCongress,in October,
1858, had closed, I went over into Illinois to make
ten or a dozen speeches against Judge Douglas's
election to the United States Senate. In going to
the different places appointed for me to speak by
the Republican State central committee, the Buch-
anan men, at nearly every one of those places,
sent to me written questions, asking me if I had
not beeli the bearer of a letter from Judge Doug-
las to Mr. Blair, in relation to the senatorial elec-
tion in Missouii; and asking me to answer them
while on the stand. To those questions I re-
sponded publicly, at two or three places—at Dc-
catur, Jacksonville, &c.—what I respond here:
that whatever conversations were had between
Judge Douglas and myself, during the exciting
Lecompton controversy, were had in his own pri-
vate house, under his own roof; and my own self-
respect forbids my alluding to them, or giving any
evidence in regard to them, except at his de-
mand.
I state further, that if there was any conference
between Mr.Blair, of Missouri, and J"udgeDouG-
las, Mr. Blair is in this city. He was a member
of the last Congress, and occupied a seat here the
whole of last winter, after this alleged interview
had transpired; and it would have been better to
call upon him, as a member and as a principal in
this matter, to give his evidence, than to call on
me.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I wonder, now,
if that is satisfactory to my friends on the other
side?
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I would like to
ask the gentleman from Indiana a question.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. If it does not
come out of my time, I have no objection.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I desire to ask the
gentleman from Indiana if there was a conference
between Judge Douglas and himself, in relation
to the senatorial election in Missouri? I do not
ask him what it was, but simply if there was such
a conference ?
Mr. COLFAX. We never had any conference
in reference to the senatorial election in Missouri.
I answer the gentleman's question exactly as he
stated it. If there was any conference between
Judge Douglas and Mr. Blair, in reference to that
matter, they are of age, and let them speak for
themselves.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. Did Judge Doug-
las and Mr. Blair ever have a conference in your
presence upon that subject?
Mr. COLFAX. No, sir.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I will ask the
gentleman if he carried a message from Judge
Doughs to Mr. Blair, asking for a conference
upon that subject?
Mr. COLFAX. I state to the gentleman, if
my self-respect in Illinois and my opinion as to
the rule which should govern the intercourse be-
tween gentlemen made me refuse to answer ques-1
lions upon that subject, when I earnestly desired
to defeat Judge Douglas's election, then pending.
I certainly should not now, two years after that,
have a different standard of action.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. It is due to my-
self to say that I did not provoke these questions
and answers. The gentleman [Mr. Colfax] has
seen fit voluntary to come forward and to take
up the cause of Judge Douglas in relation to this
charge of a concerted political conference between
Douglas and Greeley. This he has seen fit to do
with regard to the conference; but he has, at the
same time, refused to give us an account of the
other conversation between Judge Douglas and
himself. T appeal to him in the hope of develop-
ing the proofs. I appeal to him to add strength
to the proofs I submit to the country, so as to let
the people know the political position occupied
by theprominentmen oftiie country;and,strange
as it may appear, he allows his self-respect to
overshadow him like a cloud, and there he sits
mum before me. [Loud laughter.] I am unable
to appreciate the gentleman's great dclicacy in
this case, unless the disclosures might compro-
mise his confidential adviser, Judge Douglas.
Mr. COLFAX. I did so in this case only be-
cause I had been appealed to by both parties as a
witness.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I leave that, sir.
I have demonstrated this fact: that Judge Doug-
las. and Greeley, by some strange fatality, came
together, and my friend from Indiana with them.
Greeley came from New York on a call, and he
landed at the house of Judge Douglas, taking his
friends with him, one on each side. Gentlemen
who play euchre perhaps would call them the
"right and left bowers." [Laughter.] I do not
know that that is exactly the term.
A Member. No—a "bullet and bragger." [Re-
newed laughter J
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I never saw such,
ignorance of terms before as there is all around
me here. They are as ignorant as I am myself
j on such subjects. [Laughter.]
j I have established the fact that there were polit-
| ical conferences; that there was political advising,
j But it is suggested that it was in relation to the
i Lecompton measure only. Now, I ask you, sir,
! and every honest man, what did Judge Douglas
| expect to get from the Republicans in that strug-
; gle, by those consultations? Every man of the
j Republican party was pledged against that meas-
! ure from the moment we set our feet in the city of
j Washington; and never, until the struggle was
i over, was there faltering, or the intimation that
one Republican would falter. I ask, then,for what
purpose Greeley was brought to the aid of Judge
bouGLAs ? I hope some one will answerwho can
tell how we were to strengthen Judge Douglas's
hands.
Mr. Chairman, what could Greeley do to aid in
getting Democratic votes? What agencies had he
that would bring strength from the Democracy^to
Judge Douglas in his position ? In the House
they had taken their position; and you and I, sir,
know it, [addressing the gentleman from Indiana,
Mr. Davis.] I ask, could Greeley influence you
and your friends to go more strongly with Judge
Douglas on that question than before? No; you
answer no. Then it was not to strengthen your
back orstiffcnupyourpurpose. For whom,then,
was it? In the Senate the noble and gallant Brod-
erick on the one hand, and the Senator from the
State of Michigan (Mr. Stuart) upon the other,
had also, before that, taken their position. What
could Greeley do in that conference or consulta-
tion to aid in the defeat of that measure? Ah! sir,
nothing—absolutely nothing. Now, there was a
reason why they were there; and, in my judg-
ment, it was this: there was a defection in the
Democratic camp, and Judge Dougla s had broken
away from the regular army, and was engaged in
a guerilla warfare on the Administration. What
did Greeley and the Republicans most want ? To
defeat the Democrats; to defeat the Administra-
tion. What, in God's name, did Douglas want?
Most unquestionably, he wanted to defeat the Ad-
ministration, and to thereby sustain himself. He
was just slipping out of power; he was just dying
out from the Senate; and, unless he could secure
a reelection, he was overwhelmed, and would sink
out of sight. Hence a senatorial position was to
be regained at any sacrifice and on any terms.
The Republicans wanted to beat the Democracy;
and many of them were reckless of the means of
its accomplishment. Douglas wanted to beat the
Administration, and would make any coalition to
accomplish it. The status and condition of Judge
Douglas was to be considered and understood
before it was safe for the Republicans to sustain
him. I said a little while a^o that I to not sup-
pose they promised. Old politicians make but few
positive promises; but when Greeley saw the con-
dition of Judge Douglas, and Ju3gc Douglas
found the disposition of Greeley, it was a basis
on which they could strike out in their future ac-
tion.
Mr. Chairman, there is strong evidence of one
other meeting; and now, in order to show that
there was a very strange gathering at the Sena-
tor's, I will read a quotation from the New York
Tribune. That quotation is a dispatch from this
city to the New York Tribune, which will be
found in a letter to the Washington Union, under
date of August 22, 1858. It is as follows:
c' The Republican Senators held a consultation last night
with Senator Douglas, at his house, which was satisjactory to
hoik parties
Mr. McCLERNAND. Who is the author of
that?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Itis from a letter
in the Washington Union, of the date I have indi-
