1602
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
GEORGE FISHER.
Mr. EDWARDS. I rise to a privileged mo-
tion. I move to reconsider the vote by which the
Senate resolution relating to the claim of George
Fisher was referred to a Committee of the Whole
House.
The motion was entered.
WILLIAM H. SCOTT.
On motion of Mr. ANDERSON, of Missouri,
the case of William H. Scott was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. TAPPAN. I move thatthe,House resolve
itself into a Committee of the Whole House on
the Private Calendar.
MEMOIR AND CHARTS OF MISSISSIPPI SOUND.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the re-
ply of the Secretary of the Treasury to the reso-
lution of the House of Representatives of March
B, I860, calling for the memoir and charts of the
Mississippi sound, and for information relative
to appropriations for the naval and military de-
fenses of the Gulf coast of Mississippi; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
PRIVATE BUSINESS.
.Mr. TAPPAN. I now insist on my motion,
that the House resolve itself into a Committee of
the Whole House on the Private Calendar.
The motion was agreed to. ,
The House accordingly resolved itself into a
Committee of the Whole House, (Mr. Branch in
the chair,) and proceeded to consider the business
on the Private Calendar.
This being"objection day,"the bills to which
no objection tyas made were laid aside, to be re-
ported to the House with a recommendation that
they do pass.
The committee considered the bills,&c., in their
order on the Calendar, commencing whcie they
left off yesterday.
ABRAHAM CRUM.
A bill (H. R. No. 313) granting a pension to
Abraham Crum.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Abraham Crum, of the State of
Ohio, on the invalid pension roll, and pay liim a
pensionr at the rate of eight dollars per month,
from the 1st of April. 18 58, and to continue during
his natural life.
It appears from the rcportt hat Abraham Crum
enlisted as a private soldier under Lieutenant
Booker, in August, 1812; and was afterwards at-
tached to the company of Captain Elliott, in the
eighteenth regiment, commanded by Colonel Mil-
ler; that he continued in the service, and was in
many battles, until the 25th July, 1814, when the
battle of Lundy's Lane was fought. In that en-
gagement the memorialist acted as color guard
under General Jesup; that, while in the line of his
duty as a member of said guard, a bomb-shell was
thrown in the midst of said guard, and five men
out of the six were instantly killed by the explo-
sion; that the petitioner was severely wounded
and burnt in the face by said explosion; that he
was taken off the field, bearing in his hands the
flag of his regiment, by order of the adjutant.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
EMMA A. WOOD.
A bill (H. R. No. 314) for the relief of Emma
A. Wood, widow of the late Brevet Major Ofcorge
W. F. Wood, of the United States Army.
The bill instructs the Secretary of the Interior
to place the name of Mrs. Emma A. Wood, of
Utica, New York, widow of the late Brevet Ma-
jor George W. F. Wood, of the United States
Army, on the pension list, at the rate of twenty-
five dollars per month, to commence on the 539tii
day of April, 185G, and to continue durin<>- her
life.
The petitioner sets forth that her husband, Bre-
vet Major George W. F. Wood, late of the Uni-
ted States Army, was a cadet, and entered the
Army at the age of nineteen years, in 1838, and
died at Indianola, Texas, November 8, 1854,
while engaged in the military service of the Uni-
ted States; that he served in the Florida war until j
its close; was stationed at different northern posts I
until the spring of 1846, when he went to Mox- I
ico; was in the battle at Monterey, aftewards !
joined General Scott's division, and was engaged
in the "army of invasion" under that officer
during the war, after which he returned to Now
Orleans, bringing up the rear guard; that in conse-
quence of having contracted in Mexico a disease
known as "chronic diarrhoea," while in the line
of his duty, he was confined for several months
in New Orleans, and that he never recovered nor''
was entirely free from said disease. He was ap-
pointed assistant quartermaster March 3, 1847;and
subsequent to his sickness at New Orleans he was
on duty at Jefferson barracks until 1849, when he
was ordered to accompany the troops stationed on
the Oregon route; he remained at Fort Kearny
until 1851, when he was ordered to the principal
depot, in advance of Fort Washita, west of Ar-
kansas, on upper Red river; he arrived at Pres-
ton in October, 1851, and remained until the fall
of 1852. He was then ordered to Austin,Texas,
where he remained until the spring of 1854, when
he was ordered to Indianola, Texas, to take charge
of the depot at that point in April, 1854, where
he continued on duty until his death in Novem-
ber of that year.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The report dis-
proves the case; bi^ I will not make any objection
to the bill.
Mr. BURNETT. If the gentleman who re-
ported this bill will consent that the pension shall
commence from the passage of the; act, I will not
object.
Mr. MARGIN, of Ohio. I will agree to that.
The bill was amended accordingly; and was
then laid aside, to be reported to the House with
a recommendation that it do pass.
ANTHONY \V. BAYARD.
A bill (H. R. No. 315) for. the relief of An-
thony W. Bayard.
Mr. WHITELEY. 1 would inquire of the
gentleman who reported that bill if it has not
ben here since the Twenty-Ninth Congress?
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman ob-
ject to the bill ?
Mr. WHITELEY. Yes, sir; I object.
KLMIKA 'WHITE.
A hill (II. It. No. 316) for the relief of Elmira
White, widow of Captain Thomas R. White.
The bill and report were read.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia I desire those who
report these bills, to repoit the reasons why the
Pension Office does not allow pensions.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman object
to ihe bill 1
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I am compelled to
object to it. There i.< no satisfactory reason given.
We might as well throw open the Treasury at
onee.
ANTIIONY W. BAYARD AGAIN.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. I ask unani-
mous consent to take up the bill for the relief of
Anthony W. Bavard again. The committee con-
sidered it a very meritorious case; and I hope the
gentleman from Delaware will withdraw his ob-
jection.
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order to call
upon any gentleman for Ins reasons for objecting.
The bill is objected to.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. 1 ask unani-
mous consent to go back to that bill, m order that
the gentleman fiom Delaware may have an op-
portunity of withdrawing his objection.
Mr. GARTRKLL. 1 did not object to the bill:
but 1 object to going back.
SMITII &" IIU.XT.
A bill (H. R. No. 317) for the relief of Smith
&, Hunt, of Toledo, Ohio.
The bill and report were read.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I object to that bill.
The Clerk proceeded to read the title of the next
bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE. of Illinois. I desire to
make an appeal to the gentleman from Georgia.
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. By unani-
mous consent I can be permitted to do it. and [
presume, there will be 110 objection. Will the
gentleman from Georgia give me his attention ?
The. CHAIRMAN. Is there any objection to
the gentleman from Illinois making an appeal to
the gentleman from Georgia?
Mr. TAPPAN. I must object.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Why do you
object ?
Mr. TAPPAN. Because I have a right to.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I will withdraw my ob-
jection, if the gentleman from Illinois can give any
good reason why I should do so.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I hope the gentle-
man from Illinois will be allowed to proceed.
The CHAIRMAN. The question has once
been propounded to the committee, and objection
has been made.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
make a statement in behalf of one of our asso-
ciates, [Mr. Wade,] who is absent from the
House.
Mr. TAPPAN. I objected because I want to
get on with the business; but I will withdraw my
objection.
The CHAIRMAN. Is there objection to the
gentleman from Illinois making a statement to
♦ ho pnmmittAA J
Mr. BURNETT. The bill is objected to, and
there is no necessity for any statement.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will the
gentleman from Kentucky hear one word?
The CHAIRMAN. Objection is made, and the
gentleman from Illinois is not in order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not un-
derstand that there is any objection.
Mr. COX. I think there is no objection to his
proceeding.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair twice pro-
pounded the question to the committee, and ob-
jection was made each time.
Mr. COX. Who objected ?
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. The objection is
withdrawn.
Mr. TAPPAN. I withdraw my objection.
The CHAIRMAN. Is there any objection?
Mr. BURNETT. I do hope that 'hereafter,
when objection is made, the Chairman will insist
on it. I did object, and I object now, because we
had passed the case.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair recognizes the
right of the gentleman from Kentucky to object,
and the Clerk will report the next case.
MAJOR JOIIN F. HUNTER.
A bill (Ii. R. No. 219) granting a pension to
Major John F. Hunter.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of John F. Hunter on the list of
invalid pensioners, and pay him a pension, at the
rate of thirty dollars per month, from the 27th of
January, 1858, and to continue during his natural
life.
From the report it appears that John F. Hun-
ter was a major in the eleventh infantry during the
war with Mexico; that on the night of the 19th of
August, 1847, just previous to the battle of Con-
treras, he, together with the troops belonging to
his regiment, was compelled to be out in a storm
of rain, the severity of which was unparalleled.
On account of such exposure he was seized with
rheumatic pains, &c., which continued to such
an extent that the tendons and leaders of his
arms and hands became so contracted that he has
been unable to use his hands since for the purpose
of earning a living.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to ths
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
ANDREW E. MARSHALL.
A bill (H. R. No. 318) for the relief of Andrew
E. Marshall.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Andrew E. Marshall, of Penn-
sylvania, who was a private soldier in the Mex-
ican war, upon the pension roll, at the rate of
eight dollars per month, to commence on the 15th
of April, 1857.
It appears from the papers in this case, that
: Andrew E. Marshall was a private in Captain John
1 Herron's company K, first Pennsylvania legi-
i ment, commanded by Colonel F. M. Wynkoop,
1 enrolled and mustered into the scrvice of the
■ United States on the ]6th of December, 1846, to
serve during the Mexican war; that he was dis-
; charged on or about the 25th of July, 1848, at
i Pittsburg, with the rest of the company, on ac-
i count of disability produced by running sores, the
I result of typhoid fever, brought on by exposure
i at different times from the commencement of the
i siege of Puebla, in September, 1847, until returned
