2546
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1,
has not been for some days. I think it right,
also, to say for him, representing, as I do, a dis-
trict adjoining his own, and knowing him well,
that his honorand integrity never have been, and
never can be, and never will be, called in ques-
tion by those who have any acquaintance with
him and regard for themselves.- If he wore here,
he would court the fullest and broadest investiga-
tion. If, then, members of the House think that
there is anything in the report which has been
read at the Clerk's desk—one scintilla of ■proba-
bility or shade of plausibility that calls in ques-
tion the honor, character, and integrity of my
friend and colleague, Colonel Scranton—and I
am proud to call him my friend—let the gentle-
man " go ahead." I trust the broadest investiga-
tion will be had, and that our friends will interpose
no objection.
Mr. W1NSLOW. I think, in justice to Mr.
Scranton and myself, 1 ought to say, at this
point, that I stated,as the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will remember, that I made no charge
against Mr. Scranton. These were charges
brought to me from what I understood to be a re-
liable source. I would not have mentioned his
name in the House, but the action of his friends
on the committee compelled me to do so. I could
not mutilate the record, or I would have left out
his name. Allow me to add that it would give
no greater pleasure to any man in the House than
it would to me to have Mr. Scranton fully excul-
pated; and I have no. doubt, if he were here, that
he would vote cheerfully for these resolutions.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Until there is some charge
brought against Colonel Scranton, he requires
no exculpation at the hands of any gentleman; but
at the same time, if any gentleman thinks there
is anything against him, 1 say, let the investiga-
tion go on.
Mr. COVODE. In reply to what my colleague
on the committee has said, I will state that I of-
fered to send and bring Mr. Scranton before the
committee, and allow him to state the matter for
himself; but I never was asked to do it.
For myself, I cannot see the object of tlie gen-
tleman frorfi North Carolina in bringing this mat-
ter before the House, to compel the attendance of
witnesses, when I offered to send for the witnesses
he required without any action on the part of the
House. It strikes me the proceeding is entirely
a novel one. I do not remember to have seen or
heard anything of the kind, and 1 do not under-
stand it in any other way than that my colleague
on thecommittee found it necessary to mnko some
record to show that lie is doing all lie can to pre-
vent us from getting any testimony. And why ?
Because we already have testimony enough to
damn any Administration, and he knows it.
Mr. TAPPAN obtained the floor.
Mr. TRAIN. I think I have a right to the
.jloor. I liate been referred to as a member of the
committee, and I desire to reply to the reference
made to me by the -gentleman from North Caro-
lina.
Mr. TAPPAN. I will yield the floor for a mo-
ment to the gentieman from Massachusetts.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire myself to make a_
correction in connection with what was said by'
the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. TAPPAN. 1 think the gentleman from
Alabama is not entitled to the floor, and I do not
yield to him.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I want to know who
has the floor, for I do not intend to submit to having
the floor farmed out to gentlemen on the other
side of the House, unless those on this side can
have an opportunity to reply.
Mr. TRAIN. I call the gentleman 'from Ala-
bama to order.
The SPEAKER. The floor has been assigned
to the gentleman from New Hampshire, [Mr.
Tappan,] and if objection be made he cannot yield
the floor, unless he yields it unconditionally.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not object to the gen-
tleman yielding the floor to the gentleman from
■ Massachusetts, if he will yield also to gentlemen
on this side; but after the injustice and pervers-
ions of the chairman of this committee 
Mr. TRAIN. I call the gentleman from Ala-
bama to order.
Mr. HOUSTON, I do object to the gentleman
from New Hampshire yielding the floor unless I
can have a chance.
Mr. TAPPAN. Inasmuch as the gentleman
from Massachusetts thinks the gentleman from
North Carolina has done fiim injustice, I yield
the floor to him.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object, unless the gentle-
man from Massachusetts has the floor.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
New Hampshire yield the floor unconditionally ?
Mr. TAPPAN. I do.
" The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman from
Massachusetts is entitled to the floor.
Mr. TRAIN. I am not in the habit of troub-
ling the House much; and I never .insist upon
speaking when I am clearly out of order. I
should consider myself guilty of gross impro-
priety, not only as a member of the House, but
as a gentleman, if I insisted upon addressing the
Chair and interpolating my remarks, when 1 had
no right to the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to know if the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts applied that remark
tome? [Cries of " Order!"]
Mr. TRAIN. I mean exactly what I did say;
and I stand by what I said.
Mr. HOUSTON. I mean to say that, if he
applied that remark to me, he is a disgraced liar
and scoundrel. [Cries of " Order !"]
Mr.«TRAIN. I cannot be irritated by any-
thing the gentleman from Alabama may say.
Mr. SPINNER. I make the point of order,
whether such language as " liar" and " scoun-
drel" can be used in this House.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask, Mr. Speaker, that
the language just used by the gentleman from Ala-
bama be reduced by the Clerk to writing, prelim-
inary to'a motion I shall make; and I wish to
state in advance that I do it without feeling, in
compliartce with my promise, and to preserve the
decoium and dignity of this body.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Will a motion to adjourn
be m order?
The SPEAKER. It will, if the gentleman has
the floor to make it.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. Is a motion for a
call of the House in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. SHERMAN. Under the rules of the
House, I must wait, before submitting my mo-
tion, in order that the words may be reduced to
writing."
Mr. CRAWFORD. My purpose in making
the inquiry of the Chair, whether a motion to ad-
journ was in order or not, was with a view of
accomplishing the purpose the gentleman states;
and that is to have the words reduced to writing.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have the floor. The words
are being reduced to writing; and when that -is
done I will submit mv motion.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The rule of the
House requires that the member calling to order
must repeat the words that the Clerk shall have
taken down.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is bard for any man to
state the exact words. We can have an authen-
tic record of what has occurred taken down by
the reporters of this House; and to that record I
want to refer. 1 do not desire to repeat the words,
as 1 fear that I may do gentlemen injustice.
Mr. PHELPS. The point of order made by
the gentlemen from Ohio [Mr. Vallandigiiam]
is correct. A member calling another member to
cider must repeat the words to which exception
is taken; when they shall be reduced to writing.
I submit that the gentleman fiom Ohio [Mr.Sher-
man] did not call the gentleman from Alabama to
order; and therefore he is not entitled to submit
the motion he indicates.
Mr. SHERMAN. I rose to a question of order.
If insisted on, I will repeat the words as I recollect
them. I have not done so before, because I de-
sired to have the words exactly recited as taken
down by tile reporters. Perhaps I did not hear
the words correctly. If I did hear them correctly,
they were these 
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to inquire of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, whether he called the.gentle-
man from Alabama to order.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have risen to a question
of privilege.
Mr. PHELPS. I am now referring to the de-
mand of the rules. I think, sir, that we had better
let this matter pass. [Cries from the Republican
benches of "No!" "No!"] I will refer'to the
rule. If a member be called to order for words
spoken in debate, the member calling him to order
shall repeat the words, and they shall be taken
down at the Clerk's desk. I submit that my
friend from Ohio did not call the gentleman from
Alabama to order.
Mr. SHERMAN. Thatpoint will be in order
when I have got my motion before the House.""
Mr. BURNETT. Before we go any further,
I hope the House will be called to order. We -
have now too much confusion here.
Mr. SHERMAN. As the gentleman from
Missouri calls upon me to follow the rule, I will
recite the words used, as I remember them. 1
heard the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Hous-
ton,] in reply to an observation made by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, use these words 
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I rise to a point
of order. The gentleman from Ohio cannot pro-
ceed to state the words spoken in debate until he
has declared to the Speaker that he called the
gentleman from Alabama to order.
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman from Ohio pro-
poses to proceed in accordance with the rules of
the House. The reason for my suggesting that
the gentleman from Ohio was not the proper per-
son to proceed in this matter, if any proceeding
is to be had, was, that he did not call the gentle-
man from Alabama to order. The rule is posi-
tive devolving this duty, disagreeable it may be,
upon a member who calls another member to
order for words spoken ill debate. I direct the
attention of the gentleman from Ohio to the lan-
guage of the rule.
Mr. SHERMAN. The rule is familiar to me.
I cannot yield any more. I have the floor. I
rise to a point of order.
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama. I insist that the
point of order made by the gentleman from Mis-
souri shall be decided by the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
will state his point of order.
Mr. SHERMAN. My question of privilege is
this: the gentleman from Alabama, in violation
of the rules of order of this House, applied to the
gentleman from Massachusetts the words " liar
and scoundrel." That is my point.
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama The gentleman from
Missouri raises the point of order that the gentle-
man from Ohio has no right to repeat those words
until he has declar&l to the Chair that lie called
the gentleman from Alabama to order at the* time.
I submit, Mr. Speaker, that that point of order
must be decided before the gentleman from Ohio
can proceed.
The SPEAKER. The point of order now be-
fore the Chair is the point made by the gentleman
from Massachusetts.
Mr. PHELPS.*1 call upon the Chair to inquire
of the gentleman from Ohio whether he did call
the gentleman from Alabama to order.
Mr. SHERMAN. I heard the call to order
made all around me. I do not know whether 1
repeated the words or not; but the moment I could
be heard above the dm, I did raise the point of
order, and the question of privilege, in the only
way in which I could make it. I now move that •
the gentleman from Alabama be censured for the
use of the words that I have stated.
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama. I insist on the point
of order made by the gentleman from Missouri.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
gentleman from Ohio did call the gentleman from
Alabama to order within the spirit and meaning
of the rule. The Chair heard the gentleman from
Ohio call the gentleman from Alabama to order.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now rise to speak to my
motion of censure. I have no personal feeling in
this matter. Perhaps I would not now make my
motion, if it had not been that I stated a few days ^
ago, when a similar scene occurred like that wit-
nessed this morning, that I would make it. I feel
bound to make my word good. I do not care how
gentlemen may dispose of it. It anpears to me
that we must enforce the rules of decorum and
of order. They ought to be enforced To every
deliberative body. Unless we enforce them here
there is no use of carrying on the proceedings of
a House of Representatives. It is clear that the
gentleman from Alabama deserves our censure,
because he is an old and experienced member of
this House. He is familiar with the rules of this
House. An observation was made by ihe gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Train:] an ob-
servation in the ordinary course of debate; an
observation that, I believe, was not discourte-
