APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 13,
36th Gong. ... 1st Sess.
Rejection of Senator Douglas—Mr. Kelbgg.
Ho. op Reps.
fcated, signed " Northwest." I cite it because it
is quoted here as a dispatch that appeared in the
New York Tribune.
Mr. LOGAN. Will my colleague allow me
tt> ask him who " Northwest" is ? Is he any re-
lation to tlv? great Northwest that we hear of—
Indiana, Illinois, and Ohio—or what is he?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. That must be
about the last interruption I shall get from that
quarter, I judge. [Laughter.] I cite this to show
that there was a dispatch sent from Washington
indicating that there was a consultation of Repub-
lican Senators with Judge Douglas, at his own
house; and while it may be news to my Demo-
cratic colleagues who are present, there are those
who hear me who know that it is a part of the
history of those times. , Here was adefinite charge
made in the Washington Union, the authoritative
organ of the Democratic party,that there had been
a consultation of Republican Senators at the house
of Judge Douglas, and that both parties were sat-
isfied therewith.
Mr. FOUKE. Will my colleague permit me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Oh, yes.
Mr. FOUKE. At what date did that consul-
tation take place between Judge Douglas and
Republican Senators?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. This letter was
written, as I have before stated, in August, 1858,
and it refers to a dispatch, which, it states, had
been before that sent to the Tribune.
Mr. FOUKE. My colleague knows who were
•the Republican Senators at that day ?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I suppose 1 do.
Mr. FOUKE. They are now in the city, most
of them, are they not?
Mr. KELLOCxG, of Illinois. I presume so.
Mr. FOCJKE. I would ask my colleague if ho
has ever tried to get this information from the
Republican Senators now in this city. I believe,
according to the law, it is always better to pro-
duce the most diroct proof of which the case is
susceptible, than to go round and got the declara-
tion of some "Northwest" upon the subject.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I am obliged to
my other colleague for his most luminous expo-
sition of the law. [Laughter.] Mr. Chairman,
it is true, and many of those who hoar mo know
that it is a part of the history of those times, that
these consultations were spoken of publicly m
the streets; that Senators diu hold those consulta-
tions. I do not know, 1 have-not stopped to inquire,
^rho they were. If gentlemen want to find out
■who these Republican Sonatorswerc, let them in-
quire, and they will find that there was more com-
plicity in this coalition than they now dream of.
I now propose to read a letter from a gentleman
in Illinois, in relation to these meetings at the
Senator's house, and I think it will be admitted
as pretty good evidence:
Peoria, Illinois, January 6, 1860.
'Sir: Yourfevor of January 2 is received, and contents
noted. In reply,! would say, that while in Washington last
wcel^ I was informed, by a prominent and responsible
Democrat, who had the means of knowing, that Senator
Wilson, and other prominent llepublicans in and out of
Congress, duimg and after the discussion of the Liccotnp-
ton constitution in Congress, were frequently in private
political consultation aithe house of Judge Douglas; andl
do know, that "afterward?. the New Yoi k Tiibune did favor
the election of J udgi1 Doijolas to the United States Senate;
and that extracts from that journal, so favoring him, were
copied m several of the Democratic papers in the State of
Illinois during the campaign of 1858.
t am prepared to give the name of the gentleman fiom
whom I received the information, when it can have any
practical good effect.
ttespsctiully your*, G- W. RANEY.
To Hon Wn.t.iam Kelloog,
Washington, District of Columbia.
Mr. LOGAN. Will the gentleman informme
■who this Mr. Raney is?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. He is the post-
master appointed by the President of the United
States for the city of Peoria.
Mr. LOGAN. Is he not an enemy of Judge
Douglas t
Mr. McCLERNAND. I believe in this letter
the statement is, that lie was so informed.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Yes, sir; and
will give his authority, if necessary.
Mr. LOGAN. Very good, 1 have no doubt.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. There is another
-small fire from a small battery. I hope it will
soon be silenced* and then they will all be silenced.
[Laughter.]
Mr. LOGAN. Go ahead.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Now,sir,I come
to another proposition, which is, the motive of
these consultations. Why did Senators meet at
that house in consultation, and how were both
parties satisfied ?
Mr. LOGAN. Will my colleague allow me to
ask him a question ?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I cannot yield
again. You see my time is passing away, and I
shall not be able to get through before my hour
will have expired.
Mr. LOGAN. I simply want to ask my col-
league, and I hope it will not be taken out of his
time, whether this Mr. Raney, whose letter he
hos just read, is not a known enemy of Judge
Douglas ?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I will state that
Mr. Raney is a violent party man.
Mr. LOGAN. That does not answer the ques-
tion.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. And I will state
that he is a Democrat,and at the head of the Dem-
ocratic party, as I believe, in th.e county and city
of Peoria. He belongs to that wing of the Dem-
ocratic party known as the Administration, or
Buchanan Democracy?- He has been a warm
friend of Judge Douglas. He is now, I believe,
politically opposed to him.
Mr. LOGAN. An enemy to hi , in short.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. You must settle
these matters among yourselves. He is opposed,
as I understand, to the nomination of Judge Doug-
las at Charleston.
Mr. LOGAN. And, I take it, gives you this
statement in order to injure Judge Douglas.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. When he was in
this city, I saw him and conversed with him upon
the subject of the statements I had made. He in-
timated that he had some knowledge upon that
subject. After his return I wrote him, and in
reply received the letter 1 have read.
Mr. FOUKE. He is the man who was paid
$410 
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I cannot yield
for that kind of romaVk.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair hopes that gen-
tlemen will not indulge in this kind of colloquial
debate.
Mr. FOUKE. Very well; go on.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Now, sir, I have
shown that these conferences were held; and now,
will any gentleman tell me that all these meetings
were held night after night and day after day,
without arranging and concocting some political
scheme ? Will any gentleman tell mo that in these
repeated conferences of Senators and others, they
had one sole motive, one single political measure in
view, and that the Lecomnton nuestion, which
could in no way be affected by tnem ? No, sir.
Having shown that they were in conference by
night and by day, in private and m public, J pro-
pose now to show what were the fruits of that
coalition or attempted coalition.
I stated that Greeley was conniving and schem-
mg'to accomplish the election of Judge Douglas.
At the time I made the statement, my colleague
denied that Greeley had favored the reelection of
Judge Douglas in the State of Illinois. Well,
sir, 1 propose to judge of this tree by its fruits.
1 nosv propose to show that, growing out of these
secret meetings, from this time and place of con-
spiracy, the first fruits were borne and seen m
this very House. Meetings at midnight had taken
place; meetings under the shadow of the wall had
been held, and it was time now to feel the polit-
ical public pulse; it was time to inquire how the
people would stand this matter of confederacy
between sworn enemies. Well, sir, the experi-
ment was tried. Here, standing not five feet from
where now 1 stand, a Republican Representative
from the State of Massachusetts caqae out and
proclaimed for Douglas. I will read it from the
Globe:
" I think it the first duty of Republicans to extinguish
the doughfaces, but I hold it also their duty to bear testi-
mony a-> to the manner m winch the Douglas men—and
they will pardon me lor giving them the name of their gal-
lant and girted leader—to bear testimony to the manner in
which they have borne themselves, I'hey have kept the
faith." * * * ' * *.* -v *
" I say it is due to them that we should say that they
have borne the brunt of the battle, and that they, whether
from New York, Pennsylvania, or Illinois, hav^ kept the
whiteness of their souls, and have made a record which has
lain in light; and if my voice can have any weight with the
young-men of the country where those men dwell, I should
say to them, i Stand by these men with all your young
enthusiasm. Stand by them without distinction of party."'
Mr. McCLERNAND. Who was that?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Mr. Burlw-
game, of Massachusetts. [Laughter.] That is a
name I know Democrats love to honor. Here was
a pointing to the future. They had ascertained
the position of the Douglas men, for they had
been in consultation with them. After they had
consulted with Greeley, and after Senators and
after men outside of Congress had consulted, it
was left to my distinguished friend from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. BufiLiNGAME]to make the first pub-
lic demonstration in this House in favor of the
Douglas element. He said here that "they had
kept the whiteness of their souls," and that their
44 record was laid in light;" and he called upon
the young men, with all their young enthusiasm,
to go for the Douglas men. Justin advance was
the great struggle in Illinois. Douglas was a
candidate for the Senator from that State. The
day before the speech of Mr. Burlingamk the
speeches were made from which I have read.
Knowing that Judge Douglas was a candidate,
knowing that the great struggle for the Senate
was to come off in Illinois, he boldly and pub-
licly proclaimed himself in favor of the Douglas
men in the State of Illinois. He knew, sir, that
the political element which sustained the Doug-
las Democratic members of Congress in that
election, would also sustain the election of mem-
bers of the Legislature who were iq favor of the
defeat of the patriot Lincoln and the election of
Douglas to the United States Senate; and that
anything that aided the election of a majority of
the members to the Legislature of the Douglas
school of politics, carried Douglas into the Sen-
ate of the United States. That is the first fruit,
the outcrop of-this conspiracy* which I believe
was schemed, concoctcd, and counseled in the
very conference of which I have spoken.
t [Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's hour has
now expired.
Mr. CURRY obtained the lloor.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I ask the gentle-
man to yield to me to conclude my remarks.
Mr. CURRY. I have no desire to participate
in this Illinois controversy; and if it does not
come out of my time, I am willing to yield, that
it may go on this evening. 1 will yield to the gen-
tleman and to his colleagues who may desire to
reply, if it is the understandmgthat I shall be en-
titled to the floor in the morning. I do not want to
go on with my remarks this evening, in anyevent.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state the
proposition to the House. The gentleman from
Alabama is entitled to the floor, and he is willing
to yield it, provided he shall have the floor to-
moi row.
Mr. SHERMAN. I must object,unless there
is a condition attached that the appropriation bill
in the committee shall be considered before the
committee s:oes to the general discussion.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I beg the gentleman
not to interpose his objection now.
li Mr. CURRY. Then, with the understanding
that I shall have the floor to-morrow, I yield to
the gentleman from Illinois.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair hears no objec-
tion.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Mr. Chairman,
I am grateful to the committee for this mark of its
courtesy. I propose to show one other fruit of
what 1 esteem a part of this coalition.
Mr. VANCE. * Has the gentleman the floor?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ala-
bama has* yielded the floor on the understanding
that he is to have it to-morrow.
Mr. VANCE. For how long a time has the
gentleman from Illinois the floor?
Mr. CURRY. I do not propose to yield the
floor altogether.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Let me go through
with my proofs. It is now past four o'clock,and
no other gentleman, I presume, wants to occupy
the floor to-day.
