1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
members of this House, but to offer the olive branch
of peace. I rose to make an appeal to gentlemen
upon this side; to make an appeal to my distin-
guished friend from Ohio [Mr. Coewin] before
me; to my friends from Pennsylvania and New
Jersey, some of whom were old college-mates, and
whom I had not met before for twenty years, but
whom I see now, to my great regret, upon that
side of the House, voting and acting against the
interests of my State. I came here, sir, to stand
by those gentlemen from Pennsylvania and New
Jersey in their rights and interests. I came here
a tariff man; though not a protective man for pro-
tection's sake; not in favor of a high protective
tariff, yet ready to lock my shield with theirs,
and fight out the great question of protection to
their interests. But I see them arrayed against
my interests and the interests of my constituents;
ami how can they expect that I shall be found
fighting zealously with them for their interests ?
Sir, I have said that I am in favor of protection,
i desire that every man in this country of ours,
from the Aroostook to the Gulf of Mexico—110 mat-
ter what his occupation may be, whether he shoves
the plane or throws the shuttle, whether he woiks
in the nunc, or, like myself, belongs to the great
agricultural interest of the country—shall feel that
his Government is with him and not against him.
I would have every farmer throughout the land
feel, as he scatters the golden grain in the furrows,
that, next to the Providence of Almighty God,
who sends the sunshine and the shower, the seed
time and the harvest, the Government discrimi-
nates for their interests and not against them. I
came here to vindicate that principle by standing
side by side with those whom I believed to be
conservative men from the great States of Penn-
sylvania and New.lersey, (thatold battle-ground
of the Revolution, where my fathers stood with
theirs, shoulder to shoulder, in the snows of Tren-
ton and the hot san(is of Monmouth,) to vindicate
that great principle of protection to American in-
dustry 111 accordance with the necessities of the
times. But I find you rallying behind a sectional
banner, and giving aid and comfort to that great
sectional organization of the North, the funda-
mental principle of which is opposition to slavery.
I cannot, therefore, expect that any appeal I may
make to you will be listened to.
Mr. HALE. Will the gentleman from Vir-
ginia allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. BOTELEPx.. I certainly will permit the
gentleman to ask me a question.
Mr. HALE. You say you find us arrayed
against your rights and interests, and that you
came here to endeavor to promote the interests of
Pennsylvania. 1 would like to know what, rights
or interests of Virginia the Pennsylvania mem-
bers have attacked"ou this floor, or what rights
they propose to attack? We have stood by you,
as I understand. In your Harper's Perry foray,
as you call it, Pennsylvania acted the part of a
sister State, according to the testimony of Gov-
ernor Wise himself, and returned your fugitives
from justice. Pennsylvania, sir, has always done
her duty to her sister States; and I defy any gen-
tleman from Virginia, or any other gentleman
upon this floor, to show that, in any respect Penn-
sylvania has failed 111 her duty to any sister State
in any manner whatever. When gentlemen deal
in general charges like these, they ought to specify
wherein we are interfering with their rights.
Mr. BOTELER. I recognize the fact—and it
is a fact which affords me pleasure, a fact of which
every Pennsylvania!! may well be proud—that her
Governor did his duty fully, fairly, faithfully, in
returning to Virginia the fugitives from her jus-
tice, and" that he'was sustained by the people of
Pennsylvania ill that patiiotic act; and, sir, I came
here prepared to testify to the State of Pennsyl-
vania my grateful appreciation of the conduct of
her Governor. I am still grateful to the people of
Pennsylvania, who, I believe, are misrepresented
upon this floor by those who have from first to
last acted with the other side, to whom, however,
there are some exceptions. (Referring to Messrs.
Edward Joy Morris, Mill ward, and others,
who had voted for Mr. Gilmer.]
The gentleman asks me when he had acted con-
trary to the interests of Virginia? You have done
it, sir, on every ballot which has been cast since
we met here, by giving your vote for a sectional
candidate, whom the people of Virginia must re-
gard,if elected to that chair, as having been forced
upon the country against their interests, against
their wishes, and against the protestation of every
man, woman, and child within her borders.
5o , sir, a word to Massachusetts.
Mr. HALE. I would ask the gentleman if we
are not the best judges of what our constituents
desire?
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I rise to a question
of order. 1 object to this interruption.
Mr. HALE. Has the gentleman the right to
say  *
[Loud cries of " Order!" from the Democratic
benches.]
Mr. HALE. Has the gentleman the right to
say 
[Cries of " Order!" "Order!"]
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I insist upon the
point of order.
Mr. BOTELER. The election which returned
these gentlemen here took place a month before
the John Brown raid. The people of the North
believe, kirow, they must know, they cannot fail to
see, what is the inevitable tendency of this slavery
agitation. They have been told by you, the pol-
iticians, you the leaders—and we have allowed
ourselves to be deluded by the syren song sung in
our ears—that you do not intend to interfere with
slavery within the States. Personally, I believe
you do not. Personally, there is not a leader
among you all—noteven Fred Douglass—whocan
be found with courage enough to come into States
and interfere with slavery there. But, from year
to year, you have beaten the drum of abolitionism.
Prom your pulpit and press and forum, in season
and out of season, you have preached to the rising
generation that slavery is a curse; and that anti-
slavery scntimenthas stimulated others, less care-
ful of their personal safety, to come amongst us
with a hostile intent, to steal our slaves anil incite
them to insurrection.
I can illustrate this by an incident which oc-
curred in my own county the other day. That
poor wretch, Coppie, a week or two before his ex-
ecution, stood at the window of his prison, press-
ing his brow against the iron bars across it, look-
ing out intently in the street at the happy groups
of negroes assembled there, and after some time,
he turned away and sobbed. A friend asked why
hesobbed. " Oh, sir," said he, " I have seen, day
after day, the negroes in your streets, and they
are better clad than the laboring people of the State
from which I came; they are well cared for in
every way, and see, oh! see how happy!" Said
my friend, " What did you expect, or what can
you expect? " Oh," saidhe, "I had been taught to
believe that they were downtrodden and oppressed,
and were ready to clutch at liberty; but they re-
fused it when we offered them the boon."
Who is responsible for this? On whose head
is the blood of Coppie ? There was not a man in
the whole crowd, except John Brown, who was
not born since 1830, and who did not grow up
under the influence of abolition preaching. This
is a significant fact, which I commend to the
thinking portion of my countrymen. There was
not one of them who had not breathed the atmos-
phere of abolition, and who had not his mind poi-
soned against the South by such teachings. You
do not care for the negro. You admit the fact.
It is a most miserable hobby upon which you
have ridden into power. Now, in the name of
our common country, I demand that you disband
your anti-slavery party! When I have heard the
name of a gentleman called here, day after day,
first on the roll—a great historic name, [Mr. Ad-
ams,] 1 have been reminded of Massachusetts in
her prouder day in the heroic age of the Repub-
lic. I have been reminded of a historical incident
connected with the county from which 1 come-
that county selected by John Brown for his raid;
and I have a right to appeal to that delegation, if
they are not deaf to the voire of consanguinity,
and if they are, 1 appeal from them to their people
on this question, I demand of them to come up to
the rescue of the country now as they did m the
good old times of their revolutionary fathers.
The district which 1 represent, and the county
from which I come—that county made famous by
the raid of Brown—was the first, the very first in
all the South, to send succor to Massachusetts.
In ono of the most beautiful spots in that beautiful
county, within rifle shot of my residence, at the
, base of the hill, where a glorious spring leaps out
I into sunlight from beneath the gnarled roots of a
thunder-riven oak, there assembled on the 10th of
July, 1775, the vWy first bancf-of southern men who
marched to the aid of Massachusetts. They met
there, and their rallying cry was; " a bee-line for
Boston." That beautiful and„peacjsful valley had
never been polluted by the footstep? of a foe;, for
even the Indians themselves lcept it free from the
incursion of the enemy. It was the hunting range
and neutral ground of the aborigines. This band
assembled these, and " abee-line for Boston" was
made from thence. Before they marched they
made a pledge that all who Survived would as'r
semble there fifty years after that day. It was my
pride and pleasure to be present when the fifty
years rolled around. Three aged, feeble, tottering
men-—the survivors of that glorious band of one
hundred and twenty—were all who were left to
keep their tryst, and be faithful to the pledge made
fifty years before to their companions, the bones
of many of whom were bleaching on the northern
hills.
Sir, I have often heard from the last survivor
of that band of patriots the incidents of their first
.meeting and their march; how they made some
six hundred miles in twenty days—thirty miles a
day—and how,-as they neared their point of des-
tination, Washington, who happened to be making
a reconnoissance in the neighborhood, saw them
approaching,and recognizing the linsi^y-woolsey
hunting shirts of old Virginia, rode up to meet
and greet them to the camp; how, when he saw
their captain, his old companion-in-arms, Ste-
phenson, who^tood by his side at the Great
Meadows, on Braddockss fatal field, and in many
an Indian campaign—and wlio reported himself
to his commandcr as "from the right bank of the
Potomac"—he sprang from Ilia horse and clasped
his old friend and companion-in-arms with both
hands. lie spoke no word of welcome; but the
eloquence of silence tcld what his tongue could
not articulate. He moved along the ranks, shak-
ing the hand of each, from man to man, and all
the while—as my informer told me—the big tears
were seen coursing down his manly cheeks.
Ay, sir, Washington wept! And why did the
glorious soul of Washington swell with emotion.''
why did he weep ? Because he saw that the cause
of Massachusetts was practically the cause of
Virginia; because he saw that her citizens recog-
nized the great principles involved in the contest.
These Virginia volunteers had come spontane-
ously. They had come in response to the words
of her Henry, that were leaping like live thunder
through the land, telling the people of Virginia
that they must fight, and fight for Massachusetts.
They had come to rally by Washington's side,
to defend your "fathers' firesides, to protect their
homes from harm .Well, the visit has ieen returned:
John Brown selected that very county as the
spot for his invasion; and, as was mentioned in
the Senate yesterday, the rock where Seeman fell
was the very rock over which Morgan and his
men marched a few hours after Hugh Stephen-
son's command had crossed the river some ten
miles further up.
May this historical reminiscence rekindle the
embers of patriotism in our hearts! Why should
this nation of ours be rent in pieces by this irre-
pressible conflict? Is it irrepressible? The battle
will not be fought out here. When the dark day
comes, as come it may, when this question that
, now divides and agitates the hearts of the people
| can only be decided by the bloody arbitrament of
the sword, it will be the saddest day for us and
all mankind that the sun of Heaven has ever shone
upon.
I trust, Mr. Clerk, that this discussion will now
, ccase. I trust that all will make an effort, by
: balloting, and by a succession of ballotings, to
' organize the House. I trust that wo will go on
in our efforts, day after day, until we do effect an
organization, and proceed to perform the duties
which wc were sent liere to discharge; that the
great heart of our country will cease to pulsate
with the anxiety which now causes it to throb;
and that wc will each, in our own appropriate
sphere; do what we can to make ourselves more
worthy of the inestimable blessings which can
only be enjoyed by a free and united people.
[Applause.] . . ,
Mr. ETHERIDGE. - I believe it is precisely
two weeks since the roll Was called and a vote
was had for Speaker. occurs to me that this
period ha?, b.een long enough for discussion.
