I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im
36tii Coxg....1st Sess.
Reelection of Senator Douglas—Mr. Kellogg.
Ho. os" Reps*
Mr. VANCE. There arc some gentlemen upon
the floor besides those who represent the peculiar
interests of Judge Douglas, and who are anxious
to enlighten the country in regard to their own
interests.
Mr. WASHBURN,ofMaine. Objection comes
too late.
Mr. KELLOGG-, of Illinois. I will procecd.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will please
suspend for one moment. The gentleman from
Alabama was entitled to the floor, and he yielded,
it upon the express understanding that he was to
have the floor in the morning.
Mr. CURRY. All difficulty will be obviated,
if the gentleman from Illinois will designate the
portion of time that he purposes to occupy in
concluding his speech.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I am about half
through.
Mr. VANCE. I object to any such arrange-
ment.
The CHAIRMAN. The objection comes too
late.
Mr. FLORENCE. Entirely too late. There
was unanimous consent to the gentleman from
Illinois going on and finishing his speech. It was
also the understanding that the gentleman's col-
leagues, if they desired it, might participate in
the debate. Under the understanding which has
taken place, I presume these gentlemen may go
011 with this debate until to-morrow at twelve
o'clock.
Mr. MeCLERNAND Let me have the atten-
tion of the honorable gentleman from Alabama.
I desire, with the permission of my friend, to oc-
cupy the attention of the committee some eight
or ton minutes. I think I shall not exceed fifteen
minutes.
Mr. IvELLOGG, of Illinois. I will £0 on.
Mr. Chairman, immediately after this demon-
stration in the House, Horace Greeley, whom 1
have already mentioned, himself endeavored to
secure the election of Judge Douglas. I propose
to read from a letter of Mr. Bailhache, the editor
of the Illinois State Journal.
Mr. VANCE. I rise to a point of order. The
ruler? of the House require that no member shall
speak more than an hour, except by general con-
sent. I objected to the gentleman from Illinois
occupying the floor more than the time allotted
to him under the rules. I deny that the gentle-
man can do indirectly what the rules prohibit him
from doing directly.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair wdl state to the
gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Vance,]
that the question was distinctly put to the com-
mittee; and the Chair heard no objection, and
so announced. If the gentleman from North
Carolina made an objection, it did not reach the
Chair
Mr. IJARKSDALE. I desire to say that I
heard the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
Vance] object.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Does the gentle-
man from North Carolina [Mr. Vance] desire to
prevent me from bringing this evidence before the
House and country?
Mr. VANCE. j am willing that Judge Doug-
las and the Republicans should tear each other's
eyes out, if they wish.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. We will do a
right good job 111 one direction, if you will only
give the opportunity.
Mr. JENKINS. I think the consent upon this
side of the House was given with the understand-
in" that the other gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
McClernand] should have an opportunity to |
reply to-day.
Mr. FLORENCE. There was no qualification;
let fairness prevail; the leave was unconditional.
I will simply state what I understood this agree-
ment to be. I am sure I can have no interest in
this quarrel or controversy. I desire simply that
fairness all around should be shown. I have no
interestordesirc, except that the agreementwhich
was made should be maintained.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. I understand that
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Kellogg] asked
permission to proceed for a few moments. Since
that consent was given, he has informed us that
he 1$ not half through his speech yet. I, there-
fore, must object.
New Series—No. 11.
Several Members. It is too late.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair did not under-
stand that there was any limit as to tha time.
Several Members. Go on! Go on®
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I read from a
letter addressed to me by Mr. Bailhache, of the
Illinois State Journal, in relatiori to his conversa-
tion with Greeley, in which he says:
Office Daily Illinois State Journal,
Springfield, December 13,1859.
Dear Sir : * * * * I myself had a con-
versation with Greeley, in his own office, in August, 1858,
in which he said, substantially, that we (Illinois Republi-
cans) had made a great mistake in not taking up Douglas
as our candidate forthe Senate; and further, that we would
one day acknowledge the fact. 1 was indignant, and told
him wc did not desire success uponsitch terms; that it would
demoralize our party in Illinois, &c.; whereupon he said
some other party would arise in its place, and more of the
same sort. His influence (in Illinois at least) ought to be
broken, and I hope it will be. * * * * *
Yours, BAILHACHE & BAKER,
Hon. William Kellogg. per B ailhaciie.
Mr. LEAKE. I did not consent to any agree-
ment, and therefore I call the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Kellogg] to order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understood the
committee to give consent to the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Kellogg] to proceed, and the ob-
jection of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Leake,] at this time, is too late.
Mr. HINDMAN. I should be glad to know
what ruling the Chair makes as to the state of
facts that has arisen here.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I will make a
proposition that will put an end to this matter. I
never did, and I never will, speak to gentlemen
when they do not wish to hear. And as the time
will come when I can again get the floor, if gen-
tlemen do not wish me to proceed now, T will de-
sist from saying anything further at present, and
seek some other occasion upon which to finish
my l'cmaiks.
Mr. HINDMAN. I do not desire to prevent
the gentleman from finishing his remarks. What
I desire is thiv: that he should be allowed a rea-
sonable time—say half an hour—so that his col-
league [Mr. McClernand] may have an oppor-
tunity to reply to him this evening.
Mr. ASHMORE. I would ask the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Kellogg] how long it will
take him to conclude.
Mr. KELLOGU, of Illinois. I think I can get
through ill a half or three quarters of an hour.
Mr. ASHMORE. I have 110 particular inter-
est in the debate now going on. But as I know
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Kellogg] has
been interrupted over and over again, I am willing
to yield the floor to him as a matter of courtesy.
I hope the House will consent to let him go on;
and after that, that the House will allow his col-
league ten or fifteen minutes before the adjourn-
ment to reply.
Mr.-FLORENCE. Let him have sixty min-
utes, if he wants it.
Mr. ASHMORE. I hope the gentleman will
be allowed to proceed with that understanding.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. In the letter I
have read here, there is a clear indication of the
feeling and disposition of Mr. Greeley.
Mr. LOGAN. Will my colleague state who
Mr. Bailhache is, what his politics are, and what
paper he is editor of?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I have already
said that Mr. Bailhache is the editor of the Illinois
State Journal, published at Springfield, Illinois;
and he is a true and pure Republican. Here is
his statement of his conference with Mr. Greeley,
in relation to the great contest then going 011 m
the State of Illinois; and there Greeley distinctly
avows his preference for Mr. Douglas—and mark,
that was after the conference at Washington; after
the contest had commenced—with a view to induce
him to desist from his opposition to Mr.-Lincoln,
and his adherence to Judge Douglas in that elec-
tion. He replied to an Illinois Republican that
we had made a mistake. Now, how did he know-
that there had been a mistake made? If he knew
at all, he must have derived his information from
the consultations he had had with Judge Doug-
las himself, or he could not have spoken as con-
fidently as he did. But, irrespective of that, itfixes,
beyond all controversy, the truth of my position,
that he was scheming and endeavoring to elect
Judge Douglas to the Senate of the United States.
But what strikes me with more astonishment,
with more absolute surprise, is the fact that, when
he was told that the course he was pursuing would
demoralize and destroy the Republican party in
Illinois, he coolly declared that, if it did, a new
party; would arise in its place. Now, let me say
to Illinois Republicans, and Republicans every-
where, that, in this matter, he -was willing to haz-
ard the defeat of the Republican party, and its
utter demoralization and destruction, rather than-
the defeat ofJud^e Douglas. This was the per-
tinacity with which he adhered to the political
fortunes of Judge Douglas.
I now propose to read another letter in relation
to the position occupied by Mr. Greeley in that
great contest. It is a letter addressed to myself,
dated Springfield, Illinois, December 26, 1859,
written by Mr. Powell, who was the former su-
perintendent of public schools in our State.
Mr. MeCLERNAND. He is a Republican,
is he not ?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. He is a good
and true Republican. His letter is as follows:
Springfield, Illinois,
December 26, 1859.
Dear Sir : During thfe pendency of the struggle upon the
Lecompton bill in the House of Representatives, in the
spring of 1858,1 saw several letters from Mr. Greeley to Re-
publicans in this State, commending the course of Mr.
Douglas in his opposition to the nefarious and wicked
scheme of forcing a pro-slavery constitution down the"
throats of an outraged people.
In one of those letters, directed to Mr. John O. Johnson,
then wilting in my office, (that of superintendent of public
instruction,) Mr. Greeley expressed it as his decided opin-
ion that, both from motives of policy and as a matter of
strict justice to Mr. Douglas himself, the Republicans of
Illinois? ought to unite with the friends of Mr. Douglas in
returning him to the Senate.
Mr. Greeley's letter was regarded at the time by the whole
Republican State administration here as a most remarkable
political document, both on account of the recommenda-
tion it contained, and the source from which it came.
After a full and free consultation with the Republican
State officers, Mr. Johnson replied at length to Mr. Greeley's
letter, stating the objections entertained, so far as he knew,
by the Republicans of Illinois to Mr. Greeley's recom-
mendations j and closed the letter by saying that he was
authorized to state that the whole Republican State ad-
ministration were unanimously and unalterably opposed to
any coalition with Mr. Douglas lookingto his return to the
Senate j as they had no confidence whatever in either the
man or his profession of principles; a prognostication which
I think has been sufficiently verified by Mr. Douglas's re-
cent course to satisfy even Mr. Greeley himself.
A number of letters are in the hands of leading Repub-
licans in this State, in which Mr. Greeley expressed views
similar to those communicated to Mr. Johnson.
Mr. Greeley, as he says in his article in the Tribune, may
not have entered into any specific bargain with Mr.DouGLAS
agreeing to help return Mr. Douglas to the Senate, incase
he continued his opposition to the Lecompton measure;
but that he did endeavor to bring about such a result, there
is an abundance of evidence in the hands of the Republicans
of this State to satisfy any candid and honest 7nan.
My sense of justice impels me to place tins statement of
facts at your disposal, hoping it may aid you in vindicating
yourself against the outrageous and unwarranted assaults
made upon you through thc.columns of the Tribune.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, &e.,
W. II. POWELL.
Hon. William Kellogg,
Washington, District of Columbia.
Mr. Powell was superintendant of public in-
struction, and Mr. Johnson, to whom the letter
referred to was addressed, was secretary of the
Republican State central committee. Hence it
was a letter addressed politically and officially in
that capacity to the Republicans of Illinois,.and
is the most direct and unequivocal interference on
the part of Mr. Greeley to carry the State of Illi-
nois for Judge Douglas. It maybe said that
Judge Douglas never knew this. Then let the
gentleman wait until I shall have introduced an-
other part of the evidence to sustain my proposi-
tion as against him.
1 now propose, Mr. Chairman, to read an ex-
tract from a Douglas paper. It is taken from the
Cincinnati Enquirer, which I understand—though
I maybe mistaken—is the Douglas organ in the
State of Ohio. Itgives the statement of Mr. Lin-
coln in reference to the fact whether Mr. Greeley
was for Judge Douglas or not. It is the state-
ment of a man who, best of all men, could and
would belikcly to know who were his friends, and
who his enemies, in that great conflict in Illinois,
in 1858. He gives the evidence in favor of the
Sroposition I made, that Mr. Greeley was forjudge
►ouglas in that campaign. It has additional force
from the fact that, being the opinion of Mr. Lin-
coln, it is quoted and published in the Douglas
