4$
1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1603
as unfit for duty. It further appears that the ex-
posure was all in the line of his duty, and that
previously he had been a hearty and sound sol-
dier.
Mr. COBB. I eall the attention of the gentle-
man from Kentucky [Air. Burnett] to this case.
He objected just now to the time when the pen-
sion of a widow was to commence.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ala-
bama is not in order.
Mr. COBB. I propose to make this bill con-
form to the rule adopted by the committee in that
case, on the motion of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Alabama object to this bilP
Mr. COBB. 1 move to amend it so as to make
the pension commence from the time of the pas-
sage of the bill.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was not agreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. Is there objection to the
bill ?
Mr. COBB. 1 object.
Mr. MOOCSIEAD. It is too late to object.
Mr. COBB. Not at all.
Mr. MOORHEAD. The gentleman did not
object to the bill; he offered his amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment was lost,
and the Chair propounded the question to the
House: Is there any objection to the passage of
the bill?
Mr. MOORHEAD. 1 hope the gentleman
from Alabama will withdraw his objection.
Mr. COBB. I will withdraw it, if the gentle-
man is willing that the bill shall be so amended
as not to make a distinction between a v/iao\v and
a gentleman.
Mr. BURNETT. . Would it be in order for
me now to offer the amendment offered just now
by the gentleman from Alabama?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair supposes so.
Mr. BURNETT. Then I move to amend the
bill so as to make the pension commence running
from the possage of the bill.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I will accept that amend- I
ment, rather than lose the bill. t
The amendment was agreed to. j
The bill was then laid aside, to be reported to
the House with a recommendation that it do pass. I
colonel benjamin wilson's heirs.
A bill (H. R. No. 3J9) for the relief of the heirs j
of Colonel Benjamin Wilson, deceased. i
The bill and report were read. '
Mr. COBB. I should like to know how much :
money that bill nppiopriates ?
Mr. VANCE. I think about two thousand ,
dollars. 1
Mr. BURNETT. I am opposed, as I said
yesterday, to this whole principle of going back
eighty years, and votingfrom the. public. Treasury
money for the benefit of the descendants of revo-
lutionary soldiers, and making special coses of
relief. If the principle is to be recognized, let a
general bill be passed that will apply to all.
Mr. MALLORY. 1 rise to a question of order.
Debate is not m order.
Mr. VANCE. If the gentleman objects, let
him do so in so many words. I want to reply to
his speech, if he is allowed to make one.
Mr. BURNETT. Very well; I do object.
Mr. WILSON. Will the gentleman from
Kentucky withdraw his objection, provided a vote
by the yeas and nays may be taken on it in the
House ?
Mr. BURNETT. No, sir.
james craig's iieirs.
A bill (H. R. No. 320) for, the relief of the heirs
of Rev. James Craig, deceased.
The bill and report were read.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman who reported that case whether the prop-
erty which it is proposed to pay for was destroyed
by the enemy in consequence of its being in the
hands of American troops'
Mr. VANCE. That is certainly the fact. The
facts are fully set forth in the report. The claim-
ant's ancestor had a large -milling establishment,
"which was used as a grain depot by the Ameri-
can troops, and it was destroyed by the British
troops in consequence of this fact.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object to this claim.
charles james lan5ian.
A bill (H. R. No. 340) for the relief of Charles
.Tames Lanman. [Objected to by Mr. Pryor.]
james piielan.
A bill (H. R. No. 342) for the relief of James
Phelan.
The bill and report were read.
Mr. OLIN. I object.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw his objection. Itisaverysmall amount.
The services were rendered to the Government.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the committee to make a statement in ref-
erence to this bill, and I am sure theic will be no
objection. I reported this case last year, and it is
a very meritorious claim.
Mr. PRYOR. I object to debate.
Mr. MAYNARD. If the gentleman will hear
the explanation, he will not object, I am very
sure.
Mr. HOARD. My colleague [Mr. Oire] ob-
jected to the claim; but he does not object, as I
understand, to the statement being made.
Mr. OLIN. Certainly not.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I am satisfied the gentle-
man from New York will withdraw his objection
to the bill if he understands the case.
The CHAIRMAN. The rules of the House
require that such cases as are taken up, shall be
decided without debate. If there be no objection,
the bill may be laid aside, but no debate can be
allowed.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. The committee
may do anything by genera! consent, and if no one
expresses an objection, the gentleman from Ten-
nessee may certainly make his statement.
Mr. COVODE. I object to debate.
So the bill was passed over. :v
Bit. EDWARD JAIIVIS.
A bill (H. R. No. 343) for the relief of Dr.
Edward Jarvis. [Objected to by Mr. Pry or.]
sylvester pat.
A bill (H. II. No. 344) for the relief of the legal
representatives of Sylvester Day, late a surgeon
ill the United States Army. J
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to the legal representatives of the late Syl-
vester Day, a surgeon in the United States Army,
the sum of $42(5, m reimbursement of that sum
paul for medical services at Alleghany arsenal.
It appears from the report that the deceased was
an assistant surgeon in the United States Army,
and stationed at Alleghany arsenal, Pennsylvania.
iAfter having faithfully performed his duty for a
long series of years, m December, 1849, he be-
came unable, in consequence of impaired health,
to perform the services required, and the com-
manding officer ol'the post contracted with a pri-
vate physician for the necessary assistance. This
arrangement was disapproved by the Surgeon
General, and it was intimated that it might be-
come necessary to assign another medical officer
to that post. Dr. Day, fearing that this might
result m his displacement from his quarters, as-
sumed the payment of the expense of the neces-
sary assistance from his private funds. In accord-
ance with this understanding, Dr. Day remained
at his quarters (having been placed upon the sick
list) until the 21st of February, 1851, when he
died. The memorialists ask the reimbursement
of the sum of $426, paid by Dr. Day and his rep-
I resentatives for the services thus rendered, being
il at the rate of thirty dollars per month from De-
ij cember 2G, 1849, to February 21, 1851, on the
ij ground that the medical officer is entitled toreljef
from duty during his own sickness as well as
!j other officers, and that it is unequal and unjust
j! that he should be deprived of his means of sup-
i! port during such sickness.
! The bill"was laid aside, to be reported to the
|j House with a recommendation that it do pass.
{| thomas fillebrown.
'i A bill (C. C. No. 91) for the relief of Thomas
j! Fillebrown.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
i; to pay to Thomas Fillebrown the sum ot §430,
ill lull for salary as secretary of the board of com-
|| missioners of the Navy hospital fund from Feb-
]| ruarv 7 to May 1G, 1827, and for commissions on
!j the disbursements of said fund between the years
II 1825 and 1829.
Mr. BURNETT. If I understand it, that case
has been rejected by the Court of Claims.
Mr. HUTCHINS. Not at all.
Mr. BURNETT. It must have been, or elso
how came it before the Committee of Claims?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. All reports from
the Court of Claims go there.
Mr. HUTCHINS. It was reported favorably
upon by the Court of Claims.
Mr. BURNETT. Then I have no objection.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I object. The gentleman
from New York made an objection to the bill for
the relief of James Phelan, one of the most mer-
itorious cases on the Calendar. And now I desire
to say, that if gentlemen on the other side are to
object to our cases, without understanding them,
I will objcct to everything.
Mr. OLIN. I will say to the gentleman, that
I think I understand the case to \41uch the gen-
tleman from Mississippi alludes; and I objected
to it with the understanding I had. I do not mean
to object factiously to any bill, let it come from
where it may.
Mr. BURNETT. I think if the gentleman from
Mississippi understood this ease he would not ob-
ject.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I will withdraw my ob-
jection.
' Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will state
that the Senate have passed a bill precisely sim-
ilar to this. I ask the consent of the committee
to substitute the Senate bill for this.
There being no objection, the Senate bill was
substituted, and was laid asido, to be reported to
the House with a recommendation that it do pass.
david myekle.
A bill (I-I. R. No. 345) for the relief of David
Myerle.
Mr. MALLORY. The report in that case is
voluminous and I will, without having it read,
state that. I make objection to the claim for two
reasons: first, upon the merits of the case; and
secondly, because of some knowledge I have of
the matter asido from what is related in the re-
port.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman has tho
right to object to the case before the bill and re-
port aie read.
Mr. MALLORY. I object to it. I-object now,
because I wish to save time.
Mr. FLORENCE. I will say that there is no
report from the Court of Claims 111 this case. This
comes from tho Committee of Claims. Thatcom-
mittee have investigated all the facts of the case,
and have reported in its favor upon its intrinsic
merits.
The CHAIRMAN. Discussion is not in order,
and the case will be passed over, objection being
made.
p. p. hall.
A bill (H. R. No. 346) for the relief of the legal
representatives of P. P. Hall.
The bill directs tho Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to the legal representatives of P. P. Hall,
deceased, the sum of $400, which payment shall
be in full for the services of the said Hall in taking
the seventh census in California.
It appears from the report, which was read,
tliatP. P. Hall was an assistant marshal in taking
the seventh census in California, but his returns
never reached the Census Office here, they having
been destroyed by fire in the conflagration at San
Francisco on the 3d day of May 1851. Soon af-
terwards Mr. Hall died, and his heirs applied to
the Interior Department for compensation for his
services. The Department replied that there was
'• no authority to make compensation for returns
lost or destroyed, therefore the heirs must apply
to Congress for relief." 1)1 another letter, dated
February 2, 1SG0, Secretary Thompson says:
" The only data in possession of the Department,
whereby to form an estimate of the amount of his
services, consists of his deposition on oath made
subsequently to the loss of his returns. As there
is no reason to suppose that this deposition does
not fairly represent the amount of laborperformed,
I have directed an estimate to be made therefrom
of what Mr. Hall would have been legally enti-
tled to upon the same basis of payment made to
the other assistants. The result of this examin-
ation would make it appear that Mr. H«1 would
have been entitled to about four hundred dollars
addition."
