1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2547
ous, and then the remark I have recited was in-
terjected by the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
Houston,] oat of order; in violation of the rules
of this House. It produced a confusion in this
House incident'to such remarks, and, if allowed
to pass, it will lead to disastrous results. Gen-
tlemen on this floor cannot be expected to allow
these epithets to be applied to them. Either wo
must renew ail the old habits and barbarous cus-
toms of the feudal duel, or there must be personal
collisions on this floor, or we must enforce rigidly
the rules of this House. There can be no other
result of this thing. Shall we tolerate that which
must inevitably end in disgraceful personal battle
upon this floor, or shall we rather enforce the
rules of this House by condemning those who
violate them ? In the midst of an excitement we
should never forget that we are the Representa-
ives of the people, met to deliberate upon the af-
fairs of a great nation. Let us, then, with dignity,
but without passion or feeling, cast our censure
upon the member who has violated the rules of
this House. What does good judgment dictate?
Mr. BOCOCK. I hope that the gentleman from
Ohio will allow me a word.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I insist that it is
not in Older to argue the question in the face of
the explicit terms of the rule.
Mr. SHERMAN. If I am out of order, I will
take my seat. [Cries of " Go oil1" " Go on !"]
Mr. BOCOCK. 1 appeal to the gentleman from
Ohio to allow me one word at this point. I as
seldom as any member violate the rules of this
House. I have no disposition for that style of
debate. It would aflford me pleasure to see our
rules fairly enforced oil all sides of the House. I
have thought that they have too frequently been
violated by gentlemen on that side, and perhaps
as often, or oftencr, by gentlemen on this side.
We have not heretofore been strict in the en-
forcement of these rules, nor have we heretofore
sought to enforce this heavy penalty upon any
gentleman for an accidental violation of courtesy
and decorum. We are all human. We all have
the passions and infirmities of man, and can ap-
preciate their power and influence. We, perhaps,
should have been more rigid heretofore. As we
have not, should we begin so fiercely now ? I ap-
peal to the gentleman. He. has undertaken to
suite ! he precise words used by the gentleman
from Alabama. If the gentleman had been cor-
rect in that statement, and I know he thinks he is
correct, [Mr. Sherman. Am I not?] then it would
have been a more aggravated case than it is. But
the gentleman is incorrect, according to my recol-
lection. The gentleman from Massachusetts had
made some statement which the gentleman from
Alabama conceived was an infringement upon the
spirit of our rules, and a reflection upon his honor
as a gentleman. The gentleman from Alabama
did not expressly apply to the gentleman from
Massachusetts the terms which the gentleman
from Ohio thinks he did. He said if the gentle-
man from Massachusetts intended to apply spe-
cially to him the harsh general designation which
he had employed—after first asking him if he did
—then, by way of retort upon the gentleman from
Massachusetts, he would apply to him those of-
fensive and unparliamentary epithets taken down
by the gentleman from Ohio.
I know my friend from Alabama well. He is an
old member,' one of the most experienced and one
of the ablest members upon this floor;and to say
that lie is not free from infirmities, is only to say
that he has, like us, the imperfections of human
nature. His temper is quick and impulsive. He
resents quickly everything which he conceives
to be an imputation on his honor. He may be
too hasty in doing so. In this instance, he has
unquestionably violated our rules. That he in-
tended to do so I cannot believe; and I thiilk, if
the opportunity for explanation were now allowed
to both the gentlemen, the gentleman from Ala-
bama would put himself before the House and
the country m such a light that the gentleman
from Ohio would be disposed to withdraw his
motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I certainly, Mr. Speaker,
Would not press a vote of this kind in the face of
any declaration which the gentleman from Ala-
bama may desire to make. If the gentleman
from Alabama desires to say anything, I will give
Way.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I wish to say a
word just here upon a point of order. It seems,
to me that the House.is wandering entirely from
the jmrview and the reason of the rules which I
hold in my hand. Those rules were not intended
to apply with severity to occasions of this kind,
which may occur, and always will occur, from
the passions or infirmities of human nature. The
rules which have been read contemplate a lati-
tude to be given to gentlemen upon occasions of
this desctiption. I am of opinion that the 35th
and 36th rules should be read in connection. The
36th rule applies to cases wheremembersare called
to order for words spoken in debate. The 35th
applies to cases of disorder generally; but every-
thing in that rule bears upon the cases provided
for in the 36th rule; and therfore I will road the
35th rule:
" If any member, in speaking or otherwise, transgress
tile rule* of the House, the Speaker shall, or any member
may, call to order; in which case the member so called to
oidcr shall immediately sit down, unless permitted to ex-
plain."
The gentleman from Alabama did immediately
take his seat. Under the rules of the House,
therefore, he should not only be permitted to, but
he should be called upon to explain. He should
not volunteer it. The rule puts the gentleman
in no false position. His explanation evidently
would call for an explanation from the gentleman
from Massachusetts, and thus we would all un-
derstand what the merits of this controversy are,
and where the fault is, if fault there be. The rule
goes on:
u And the House shall, if appealed to, decide on thecase,
bat without debate; if there be no appeal, the decision of
the Chair shall be submitted to. If the decision be in favor
of the member called to order, he shall be at liberty to pro-
ceed; if otherwise, he shall not he permitted to proceed, in
case any member object, u-ithout leave of the Home ; and if
the ease require it, he shall be liable to the censure of the
House.'1
And now I can but ask that we of the House,
and that the House under its rules, proceed upon
this occasion according to the rules made for their
government. Every opportunity is provided by
this rule, not only for the explanation of the gen-
tleman who is called to order, but for explanation
upon the part of other members of the House who
may be concerned in the disorder, if disorder it !
be. After that shall have been accomplished,
this House and the Chair are competent to pro-
nounce upon the circumstances of the case as they
may be presented to us. I ask, therefore, that the
rules be enforced.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire again to say, that
all I wish is that the rules of the House shall be
enforced. Nothing would give me greater pleas-
ure than to hear from the person who has uttered
this language—and I feel bound to say, that the
gentleman from Alabama is the only person who
has uttered language in violation of the rules of
this House—and for that purpose I surrender the
floor.
Mr. GARTRELL. One word 
Mr. SHERMAN. I give way to the gentle-
man from Alabama.
Mr. NOELL. I wish to ask the Chair whether
one member can call another to order unless he
addresses the Chair?
The SPEAKER. That question has been
decided. The gentleman who called to order
addressed the Chair.
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama. I can say that no
member of this House can feel deeper regret than
myself that any disorder should occur, or that
any improper language should be used on this
floor by one member towards another. I never
hear words of insult pass from one member to
another here that I do not feel that the national
reputation is, to some extent, lowered. This, sir,
is no place to settle personal disputes or personal
controversies. I desire to call the attention of the
House to this point: while I am willing to concur
in what the gentleman from Ohio says as to the
propriety of such language as has been used here,
yet I am surprised to hear that gentleman say
that there was nothing which deserved the cen-
sure of this House, except what was said by the
gentleman from Alabama. I cannot be mistaken
in supposing that the gentleman from Ohio knows
too well the purport of language not to feel that
such words as were used by the gentleman from
Massachusetts to my colleague were harsher if
anything, and more insulting, than the language
used in retort by the gentleman from Alabama.
It would be doing discredit to the gentleman's
sense of honor to suppose that he did not think
the remarks of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts were insulting, and therefore improper. Did
not the gentleman from Massachusetts say, in
effect, that the gentleman from Alabama had beetl
guilty of ungentlemanly conduct and language?
And not only did he use the language imputed tb'*
him, but when called upon by my colleague "to
disclaim it as applicable to him, he said he stood
by what he had said, and left my colleague to
infer that he did charge him with ungentlemanly
conduct. Such language as that was so insulting
as to justify any language in reply, if this be the
place where it could be justified at all.
I.say, further, that not only was the language
of the gentleman from Massachusetts insulting
to my colleague, and therefore improper in this
place, but he made it doubly so when he de-
clined, in reply to a question of my colleague, to
say whether it was so meant. He declined to
answer whether he intended an insult; and threw
himself back upon his supposed dignity, and upon
the privileges allowed him in this House, and
would not allow my colleague the privilege of
knowing whether lie intended to insult him or not.
Sir, the man who gives an insult ought to be
ready to meet the consequences; and he who does
not intend it ought to be ready always to make .
atonement. I say, then, Mr. Speaker, that the
first gentleman to be censured is the gentleman
from Massachusetts. I should -have given greater
credit for impartiality to the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Sherman,] if h3 had included thegentleman
from Massachusetts in,his resolution. If that
gentleman meant no insult to my colleague, let
him now have the magnanimity to rise in his
place and disclaim it, and I pledge myself for my
colleague—I pledge myself without any confer-
ence with him—that he will disclaim intending
any insult to the gentleman from Massachusetts,
or any discourtesy to the House. Until the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts does that, my col-
league will never, by my advice, withdraw what
he. said, let the judgment of the House be what
it may.
Mr. CR.AWFORD. Mr. Speaker, I am per-
fectly satisfied that no good can come of this whole
matter. The remarks of the gentleman from Ala-
bama were hypothetical entirely; and I am sure
that if the gentleman from Massachusetts will
state that he did not intend to say that the gentle-
man from Alabama was not a gentleman, m per-
sisting to make remarks when called to order, the
gentleman from Alabama will withdraw the lan-
guage that is considered offensive by the House.
But as I feel very well assured that neither of the
gentlemen intends to withdraw the language which
he may have used, particularly at this time,when
it is to be reported to the country, and when there
is some degree of pride and personal feeling in-
volved in the matter, 1 will endeavor to dispose of
the whole thing by a motion to lay .the whole
subject on the table. If this shall not prevail, the
day will bo consumed in useless debate, and at its
close worse feelings entertained than now exist,
not only between these gentlemen, but many
others. I hope, therefore, that the House will
sustain the motion which 1 now make, and that
is, to lay the whole subject on the table. I call
fpr a vote on that motion.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Will thegentle-
man from Georgia with draw his call for a moment?
Mr. GARTRELL. I hope so. I want to make
a suggestion.
Mr. ADRAIN. I ask'that the words used, of
which complaint is made, may be read. I would
like to have the words reported.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Mr. Speaker, no
man in this House regrets this occurrence more
than I do.
Mr. VERREE. Has the gentleman from Geor-
gia withdrawn the motion to lay on the table?
Mr. CRAWFORD. No, sir; not the motion
to lay on the table. I withdraw the call for the
previous question.
The SPEAKER. A call for the previous ques-
tion is unnecessary. There is no debate in order
on a motion to lay on the table.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I hope the gen-
tleman from Georgia will withdraw the motion to
lay on the table.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I withdraw it.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. ADRAIN. I believe I have the floor.
