1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
House. The Democratic party—which means, of
course, the Democrats of the South; the others
ore mere parasites. [Laughter.]
, Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. The gentleman from Tennessee is
entitled to the floor, and unless ho yields it en-
tirely, I object to the member from Pennsylvania
proceeding; and especially when language of that
character, untrue and offensive, is applied to
members of this House—that there is 110 Demo-
cratic party here but southern men, and that the
Democratic members from the free States are but
"parasites" of the South.
The .CLERK. The gentleman will recollect
that the gentleman from Pennsylvania has taken
and occupips the floor by the consent of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, No objection was made,
that the Clerk heard, when the gentleman from
Tennessee yielded the floor to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I understand that
a question of order may be made at any time. It
was so practiced yesterday. I make my objection,
and I insist upon it.
The CLERK. The Clerk will say to the gen-
tleman from Ohio, that, according to his recollec-
tion, 110 objection has been entertained by the
House to a member speaking, unless the objec-
tion was made at the time the floo? was yielded.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. That, I think, has
not been the practice; for I know that in repeated in-
stances gentlemen have been arrested in the midst
of their remarks, as was the case yesterday with
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. McClernand.]
The CLERK. According to the Clerk's rec-
ollection of the case, Mr. McClernand was ar-
rested in the midst of remarks I10 was making;
but objection was made to his going on from the
beginning, and it was insisted on.
Mr. VALLINDIGHAM. I could, by looking
up the records, direct the attention of the Clerk
to numerous instances where it has not been ob-
served, as the Clerk states the rule, and where
objection has been entertained in the midst of a
speech. But at present, unless offensive lan-
guage is again employed, 1 will waive my objec-
tion. But, sir, I give notice that if any Demo-
crat upo* this side of the House, from the free
States, is selected as the object of attack, and
an opportunity is denied him for explanation,
especially after allusion has been made to him per-
sonally, or to his State, or misrepresentation of
his party in the State which he in part represents,
I shall insist in every instance thereafter that the
regular order of proceedings shall be observed. I
demand that there shall be equality of rights upon
this floor. [Cries of "That is right!" from the
Republican benches.]
The CLERK. If that resolution be carried out
it will obviate many of the difficulties which have
taken place here since the commencement of this
session. The difficulties that have arisen here,
the Clerk will remind the gentleman from Ohio,
nave. in mostinstances, arisen out of the fact that
membersundertake to discuss questions and make |
speeches at an improper time. The gentleman ;
from Pennsylvania has obtained the floor by the !
consent of the gentleman from Tennessee, and
without objection on the part of any member of |
the House, until he had got some way into his j
remarks.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I have never in- ,
terrupted any one except when alluded to person- i
ally, and intend -to abide by that rule so long as
I am a member of this House.
The CLERK. The Clerk desires to state fur-
ther, that whenever the point has been made, when
a gentleman has sought the floor when another
was upon it, he has endeavored, so far as he had
it in his power, to carry out the regular order of
debate. But sometimes it is difficult for the Clerk,
in the position in which he is placed, to induce
members to refrain from making remarks when
they seem desirous to do so, and in the face of
objection. It has been the purpose of the Clerk
to deal as impartially towards all gentlemen upon
this floor as he had it 111 his power to do; and all
the Clerk has to say is, that if any gentlemen upon
cither side of the House are dissatisfied with his
attempt to dischaige his duty here impartially, he
hopes that at a very early period they will relieve
!;im from his unpleasant position.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. If my col-
league lias the floor 1 hope he will be allowed to
go on. Unless an appeal is taken from the decision
of the Clerk, and the Clerk will allow sueh an
appeal to be taken, I object to any further inter-
ruption.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I said I would not
press that point now, but wait to see whether
equal rights shall he allowed hereafter to the De-
mocrats of the North and West.
Mr. MeCLERNAND. I desire to say 
Objection was made by a number of Members
on the Republican side.
Mr. MeCLERNAND. Well, I will state my
point, and I renew the question of order to enable
me to do so. My object in rising was to cite an
example which ought to control the action of this
House. Yesterday, while the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Coiiwin] was addressing the House,
and when he made reference to Illinois, and turned
his face in the direction in which I sat, I arose,
and in a very respectful manner towards that gen-
tleman—for I have 110 other feelings towards him
but respect—for the purpose of responding in a
word, and, yet, although I had his permission to
do so, gentlemen upon that side raised a clamor
in an indecent and disorderly-manner for the pur-
pose of putting me down. I do not hold the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Corwin] responsible for
it, for I do not believe he would be guilty of such
conduct. I thought it was sufficient for mo to
obtain the consent of the gentleman from Ohio
to go on. But gentlemen did not seem to think
so; and so in regard to my friend from Ohio [Mr.
Valla.vdigham] yesterday. But while that has
been the course of gentlemen upon the other side
towards me, I have 110 disposition to eiffoiee so
indecent and discourteous a rule upon them. I
withdraw my point of order.
The CLERK. The gentlemen from Illinois
will recollect that in both the instances to which
he has alluded, the objection was made the moment
the gentleman rose and sought to make his re-
maiks.
Mr. MeCLERNAND. The Clerk is.mistaken.
Besides that, 1 am not makmg my point to the
Clerk, but to the House.
The CLERK. The Clerk does not feel that ex-
act justice was done him by the statement of the
gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. MeCLERNAND. I certainly intended no
disrespect to the Clerk.
The CLERK. The Clerk simply desires to re-
peat,that, according to his recollection, the objec-
tion to which the gentleman from Illinois referred,
was made at the tune ho sought the floor. [Cries
"So it was1"] If the Clerk's recollection is at fault,
of course lie is wrong; but such is his recollection,
and he sus; lined the point upon the ground that
it was made at the earliest possible moment itcould
be made.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. 1 have seen
nothing 111 the conduct of the Clerk, since he has
presided here, which seems t<? me to be partial of i
censurable, and I am luippy to say it. I have felt |
that none of our friends are aggrieved, and I am |
sure 110 complaint ought to be made. I know the j
difficulty oflus position, and he has maintained it .
with dignity and impartiality. ■
With regald to proceeding 111 order, if I knew j
exactly what the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Val- '
LANBiGHAsi] would consider in order, I would j
utter no other language than In} desires. I can- ■
not, in advance, anticipate precisely what would >
suit him; but inasmuch as the word parasite which j
1 used, supposing they were rather proud of it, !
is offensive to the gentleman, I withdraw it, and !
simply use the word satellite—revolving,of course, '
around the larger body, as according to the laws
of gravitation they must—and that is not offensive, i
[Laughter.] !
Now, Mr. Clerk, I was going 011 to say that I '
Government which this Administration has- to
look to, and are all the other great interests'of the
Government to be overlooked by these twenty;
three gentlemen and by the country at large, that
they should throw into the gulf "which the Ad-
ministration has provided for them, thewh&le
power of this Government ? When sueh demand?
are made, they should remember that no Repab*
licans opposed them,and that, witlionesingleex-
ception, Republican principles and their principles
are almost homogeneous. With what face, thegi,
can those gentlemen be appealed to, not simply
to stand by their own organization, but to go over
to the other? Sir, I find no reason to reproach
them for not voting for a Republican. I know
that at home, such is the condition of things', that
it would not be fair to ask that of them, and I do
not ask it. But it would be doubly unfair for the
party 111 hostility to which they were elected to
expect their aid.
Now, there is another party here hostile to the
Administration. I do not call them a faction, as
gentlemen upon the ather side have done; I refer
to the eight .respectable gentlemen who did act
agree to thrust slavery upon Kansas against her
will. They were all elected in hostility to Jhe
Democratic Administration party, and, in the
name of God, what mercenary motives could be
expected to induce them to act 111 concert with that
party? It would be a reproach to them, in my
judgment, to suppose it possible; but it is for them-
selves to judge. Although many Republicans
voted for them, I do not ask them to vote for a
Republican, nor do 1 reproach them because they
have not seen proper to do so.
Now, sir, t!ie Republican party and the South
American party and the anti-Lecompton party,
constitute nearly one hundred and fifty members
111 this House. They arc opposed by a single
party of ninety; and arc all opposed to the ninety.
Now, 011 what principle is it that the smaller por-
tion is expected to go to a small party instead of
coming to the larger one ? These men, if they take
either side, and if the principle of representation
in this Government is to have- any effect, must
honestly take ours. If they shut their eyes and
allow the mere laws of gravitation to operate, the
small body will be attracted to the large, not the
large to the small. There is no principle, there-
fore, 011 which they can bo expected to come to us,
no honest principle on which they can be blamed
for not going with the Democrats.
But any man can see well enough—I think I
saw long ago—the reason why this House docs
not organize; and why it will not be organized,
notwithstanding all the suggestions made by gen-
tlemen on the other side of this Chamber. 1 have
learned, somewhere in the old books, that it is
lawful to learn wisdom from the enemy; but I
never heard any wise man suggest that it was
wisdom to accept their counsel. I was going on
to state the reasons why this House has not been
long ago organized. The distinguished gentle-
man who occupies the executive chair at this mo-
ment, is a politician as well as a statesman. He
has long believed, and, I doubt not, still believes,
that the true way to aid the increase of the Dem-
ociatic paity North, is for the South to frighten
them into the belief that if they venture to elect a
northern man with northern principles, this Union
is to be dissolved, and all their industrial and
pecuniary interests sacrificed. I have just as firm
a belief as that i live that this whole programme
was drawn up at the White House, and is carried
out in pursuance of the idea that the old women
and the men in petticoats and the misers at the
North arc to be frightened. I think the effect will
be somewhat different from what it was ten years
ago. But the moment the Democratic party is
sufficiently strengthened at the North, by this cry
had heard reproaches upon these smaller parties ! of disunion, and these epithets of traitor that have
by the larger portion of that side of the House
What is the exactsftiteof things, and what claims j
have the Administration Democratic party upon !
anybody but themselves in this organization? j
From the South there is a highly respectable body
of gentlemen here, representing a large constit- \
uency, known as the southern Opposition. Had j
they the aid of a single Democrat in their elec-
tion? Were they liot elected in conflict with that |
organization and with that party? There is one !
principle, perhaps, in which they agree with them,
while in nil others, I venture to say, they differ
from them. Is there but one principle in this 1
been launched against this side, a word from the
White House will organize this House by the
withdrawal of a few Democratic gentlemen. I
would not be surprised if a few of the covenanters
[laughter] were to do it. Then we will proceed
to do what we should have done long ago—pro-
vide for the wants of the country, instead of heap-
ing abuse orrt-he Representatives of freemen, and
threatening a dissolution of the Union.
Sir, we are told that, unless we yield, this House
shall be disorganized till 1861, and discord shall
reign perpetual. Now, I do not know whether
our friends here will follow niv view#. We have
