I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
163
36tii Coire....lsT Sess.
Reelection of Senator Douglas—Mr. Kellogg.
Ho. of Reps.
of the Thirty-Fifth Congress, when Mr. Douglas broke from
the line of policy marked out by Mr. Buchanan for the
Democracy, and opposed the Lecompton constitution. He
was finder the law socially and politically with the Demo-
crats. The remarkable expressions he used to make about
his record, what he had done in the party to stop the prog-
ress of slavery and to advance freedom, and what he pur-
posed doing in the future to destroy the intentions of the
slave power, will never be erased from my memory, as they
never can be from the minds of hundreds of others who
heard the same things.
'* He said that when he started out in his opposition to
Lecompton lie was merely making fight on a single meas-
ure, and not against the party; but a blow at Lecompton
was a blow at slavery, and he soon found "the whole slave
power arrayed against him like a pack of wolves, hi mak-
ing the fight against this power, he remarked that lie was
enabled to stand ofi and view the men with whom he had
been acting ; that he was ashamed he had ever been caught"
in such company; that- they were a set of unprincipled
demagogues, bent upon perpetuating slavery; and by the
exercise of that unequal anl unfair power, to control the
Government or break up the Union ; and that he intended
to prevent their doing either. His denunciations of the fire-
eaters were at times very severe, and couched in language
fit neither for the parlor 1101 the newspaper.
" I-Ie insisted that he would never be driven from the party,
but would remain in it until he exposed the Administration
and the disunionists; and when he went out, he would go
of his own accord. He was in the habit of remarking that
it was policy for him to remain in the party, in order to hold
certain of the rank and file, so that if he wentover fiomthe
Democracy to any other paity he would be able to take the
crowd along with him ; and when he got them all over, he
yvould cut down the bridges, and sink the boats.
" On one occasion, I waited upon him to ascertain if the
report was true that ho and Buchanan had had an interview
for the purpose of settling their dispute. I said to him that,
as the correspondent of a leading Republican organ, 1 had
represented him fahly, and the report, if true, tended to com-
promise my position, and I thought, theiefore, that I was
entitled to a fair answer to a fair question.
" I asked him to say to me frankly if there was any truth
in the report. Putting a hand on cach shoulder, and look-
ing me square in the face, he said: (I authorize you to say
that there is not a word of truth in the report.' Adding, that
there never would be any union between luiu ami Buch-
anan, unless the latter saw tit to come to him and stand by
his side on the platform of popular sovereignty.
"In the inteiviewhc repeated many things that he had said
before, to convince me and others that he was earnestly and
honestly on the side of the North, against the slave power,
and should be found fighting in the ranks of the gieat north-
ern paity in 1860. In this interview he also u-<ed an ex-
pression which a distinguished Republican member of the
Thirty- Fifth Congress informed me he used to him in a
conversation he held with him at the commencement ol the
Lecompton struggle, to ascertain his views concerning his
(Douglas's) future intentions. After talking awhile with
Douglas, I inquired of him if he knew where his present
course (meaning his opposition to Lecompton) would lead
him. Douglas replied, with emphasis, {I do ; and I have
checked ail my baggage and taken a through ticket.'
" In using this expression to me, as he did several times,
he conveycd to my mind, as I think he intended to do, that
he was going fiom the Democratic party, over, bag and
baggage, to the Republicans, a great northern party, as he
used to call it. All who conversed with him at that time,
and during the Lecompton struggle, who related their in-
terviews with him to me, received the same impressions
from his convocations that I did, and the nunibei was not
only large, giowmg out of my position here, but they cm-
braced some of the leading Senators and Representatives
in Congress, representatives of leading Republican journals
of the countiy, as <Vell as many of the most distinguished
citizen.- of the different States. So thoroughly impressed
weic some 01 the leading and most sagacious members of
Congress, that Mr. Douglas was ' all right,' that they not
only deemed it wise policy for the Republicans of the State
of Illinois to take 'hands off,' and allow Mr. Douglas to
be returned to the Senate, but they uiged such action a<? a
matter of justice, and even went so far as to censure the
Republicans of Illinois for not following such advice, and
m many instances, charged them with being false to their
principles and sentiments, and sometimes, in the heat of
discussion, made use of opprobrious epithets. As an evi-
dence that I do not mean to charge others with doing wrong,
I am fiee to s^iy that, so thoroughly was I convinced that
the gentlemen who gave this advice were right, and the
Republicans of Illinois wrong, that I urged the same thing.
I am now, however, satisfied that they were right.
"v"Mr. Douglas's plan for destroying the Missouri line,
and thereby opening the way for the march of freedom be-
yond the limits forever prohibited by the existence of that
line, and the opening up of free States 111 territory which it
was conceded belonged to the slave States, and its march
westward, embracing the whole line of the 1'acilic, from
the British possessions to Mexico, struck me n* the most
magnificent scheme ever conceived by the human mind.
Tins chaiacter of conversation, so frequently employed by
Mr. Douglas with those with whom he talked, made the
deepest impies^on upon their minds, enlisted them in his
behali, and changcd, in almost every instance, their opinion
of the man. While it is not surprising that the men who
were in the daily habit of hearing Mr. Douglas give ex-
pression to his sentiments, should have given the advice
they did to the Illinois Republicans, it is suiprismg that
they should now deny it. More remarkable is the fact that
none of the interviews I ever had with Judge Douglas, on
the subject of his political position,, were confidential. On
the contrary, I always talked with him as a member of the
press, he being fullv aware of my position.
" But f am making this letter longer than I intended, and
may have occasion to revert to the subject again soon.
«H. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. Will my colleague give
the author and the date of that letter?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. The date is
Washington, February 23, 1860.
Mr. McCLERNAND. That is since your
speech.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Yes, sir; since.
Mr. McCLERNAND. What is the name of
the author?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. It is signed H,
I have already stated that I was authorized to give
the name of the writer if Judge Douglas desires it.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I ask for the name
now.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. ^ Does Judge
Douglas authorize you to ask for it?
Mr. McCLERNAND. I will take the respons-
ibility.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. If you ask it
with his authority you shall have it.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I take that responsi-
bility as his friend, and I denounce it as a manu-
factured statement, and the evidence of a straw
man.
Mr. LOGAN. Give us the nam5.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I will give the
name of a gentleman who gave a not more flat-
tering account of the political position of Senator
Douglas, in a speech delivered at Alton, Illinois,
in 1855, if my colleague fMr. McClernanp] de-
sires it.
Mr. LOGAN. Give us the name of the author
of the letter which was just read.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Mr. Chairman,
this articlc in relation to the principles of Judge
Douglas discloses the fact that the Republicans
did know, and had the means of knowing, the
position of Judge Douglas upon the question of
slavery as stated by himself. It further discloses
that he was in communication with the Republi-
cans, and, whether designedly or not, he did lay
such a basis for his political status as would in-
duce the Republicans to urge his reelection, and
such as did not induce many Republicans to cen-
sure the Republicans of Illinois for not taking him
up, because, as they said, they knew he was " all
right." Here, sir, is the reason for the opinion
of Senator Wilson, and there is the basis for the
opinion which was prevalent in Massachusetts.
That is doubtless what induced Greeley to take
his position, and to denounce the Republicans of
Illinoisbecausc they did not adopt Mr. DpUGLAs
as their candidate.
Mr. Chairman, I ask how could any man doubt,
from the position he took, that lie had left the Dem-
ocratic party; that he had broken away from it;
but that he would not go out of it altogether until
he could gather round him. the rank and file to
carry them across the water? Sir, it was upon
that state of things, which Douglas himself dis-
closed to this correspondent, that Burlingame
made the declaration, that they had kept the
" whiteness of their souls "and that their " record
was laid in light." He induccd them to believe
that he was going with us, and that, in the lan-
guage of Senator Wilson, he was " all right" and
would be with us. Look, sir, for one moment, at
the graphic picture which lie drew of his own con-
dition. He said that he had checked his baggage
through. What baggage? It was his political
jewels, his political capital, his political hopes.
He had sent that baggage before him, out of the
reach of the storm that was coming, and as his
baggage had gone ahead of him, he looked back
to see, in his own language, the Democratic party,
like a pack of wolves, upon his track. He de-
clared, with his baggage safe, that he would stand
uptfn the border of Democracy until he could
gather around him his few followers, when he
would leave the Democratic shore, cross the river,
cut down bridges, and sink the boats. [Laugh-
ter.] That is the figure of the Illinois Senator in
reference to the Democracy he was about to leave.
He always uses expressive language. He always
indulges in strong figures. Clapping a hand upon
each shoulder of this correspondent, he used this
language. Who could doubt, save those wht>
knew him best, that he was our ally, and prepared
to fight our battles? 1 have just proved that the
Republicans and Douglas conferred, and that
they understood cach other's position.
I now come to another branch 6f this case. I
ask the Clerk to read the letter of Mr. Blair,
which has been published in the papers, with his
name appended to it.
The Clerk read, as follows:
St. Louis, October 25,1858.
Dear Sir : I have received your note putting certain
interrogatories to me in reference to the conversation held
by Judge Douglas and myself athis home, last winter. It
has always been a principle with me to hold sacred every
private conversation between any gentleman ztnd myself,
and this will forbid iny saying anything in answer to'the
questions you have asjeed. Although Mr. Douglas, by bis
conduct to me, and by the unscrupulous attacks of his,par-
tisans, has forfeited all claims on my forbearance, yet I do
not consider that, because others have failed to conform
to the proprieties of life, it furnishes an excuse for me to
follow their example.
After what has been said, however, it Is just and proper
to myself to say, that the letter which was loritten by me to
Mr. B. Gratz Brown, of the Missouri Democrat, and which
has been the basis of the assaults made on me by Mr. Doug-
las's partisans for violating an alleged confidence, was writ-
ten in strict accordance with the wishes of Judge Douglas
himself. In fact, I deemed it to be the single object of the
interview to u-hich I was invited, to mitigate, through me, the
hostility of the radical Democratic press of St. Louis towards
him. I wrote for this purpose, believing it to be his desire,
and I had no agency whatever in giving currency to the ru-
mors about the contents of letters which have found their
way into the newspapers. The blackguardism of the news-
papers in the interest of Mr. Douglas on this account, com-
pels me to make this explanation, and is the only occasion
'for my writing a word on the subject.
I have said I was invited to this interview by Judge Douglas.
I say so to repel the idea that I sought an interview icitli him
upon political subjects. The imitation and message came
through Hon. Schuyler Colfax, of Indiana, and has never,
to my knowledge, been treated as a private matter. I take
the occasion to say, that neither the message sent me, nor
anything that ever occurred between Judge Douglas and
myself, prepared me for hearing of his calling for three
cheers over the defeat of the emancipationists of Missouri,
and my own defeat by the pro-slaveiy-Leeompton-Buch-
anan Democracy of Missouri.
Yours, &c., FRANK P. BLAIR, Jr.
Isaac II. Sturgeon, Esq.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I have had that
letter read for the purpose of showing that Judge
Douglas himself sought political interviews with
Mr. Clair, and to contradict the inference which
gentlemen may attempt to draw, that all this was
carried on behind the back of Judge Douglas for
his political benefit, and that he knew nothing
about it. It appears by this letter, that Judge
Douglas desired interviews with Mr. Blair, and
sought, through him, to turn away the attacks of
the Democracy upon him. Ana while he was
doing this, and while he sought the aid of the
Republicans to ward off the attacks made upon
him, there is disclosed the further fact that there
was a private interview, of which he will not
speak, and to which I do not refer. For I have
not, nor will I, ask any man to make any expla-
nation of a private matter, unless he voluntarily
commences and details a portion of it. It is
shown that Judge Douglas sought the aid of Re-
publicans to turn away the assaults of the De-
mocracy^upon him, and sou^htan interview with
Mr. Blair, in relation to political matters. Judge
Douglas knows the character of those interviews,
and when he desires that an explanation shall
be made, I have no doubt that Mr. Blair and my
friend [Mr. Colfax] will make a clean breast of
it, and will toll what did occur and transpire be-
tween them. Until that is done, I will make no
inference or suggestion as to what th£ subject of
that private interview was.
Now, having done this much, I will call upon
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Covode]
—he was here a short time ago, and I requested
him to remain when I commenced my remarks.
As he is not here now, I will say what lie will
state when he comes in. Mr. Covode was here
during the winter when this Lecompton question
was under consideration—one of'the national Re-
publican committee. I assert that Mr. Covode
said to me, and said he would state it here—and
that was the reason I asked him to remain—what
transpired between him and Judge Douglas in
relation to this matter. I asked him if it was
confidential, and he said it was not; and he will
state when he comes in, I venture to say, that
Judge Douglas himself came into this Hall, and
asked him to go to Judge Trumbull, our Sena-
tor, and induce, him to persuade or advise the Re-
publicans of Illinois to consent to his return to
the Senate, that he might remain here to fight the
Administration; that he was a young man, and
