1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Tiic question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 63, nays 120; as follows;
. VEAS—Mosprs. Aver>, I5arr, iioeock, Bonham, Boteler,
IJoult^.sy. iioyee, Bralnon, Briggs, Burch, Burnett,Olopton,
JoIjm Oielnane, Burton Crnige, Crawford, Dimmick, Flor-
ence^ Fouko, Garnett, GarticH, Hamilton, Hardeman, J.
Mopifton Man is, John T. Harris, Holman, Ilugties, Jack-
son, Jenkins, Jones, Keitt, Landrum, Logan, Love, Ma-
i Stout, Thomas, Underwood, Vance, Webster, Wiiitelev,
Wm«io\vyand Wright—63.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Creen Adam?, Ad-
rain, Akirich, Alien, Alley, William C. Anderson, Ashley,
Babbitt. Beale, Bingham, Blake, Brayton, Bristow, Butfjn-
: ton, Builuuramc, Burnliam, Butterfield, Campbell, Caiev,
Carter, Case, Horace F. Clark, John B. Claik, Cobb, Co'l-
fax. Corwin, Covode, James Ciaig, Davidson, Dawes,
Delano, Daell, Dunn, Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot, EnglMi,
Ethoridge, Farn \vorth, Fenton, Fctiy, Foster, Frank,
Fienrh, Gtimer, Gooch, Graham, Grow, Galley, Hale,
Iielmick, iltekman, Hill, Hoard, William Howard,William
A. Howard, Humphrey, Irvine. Junkin, Wilham Kellogg,
Kenyon, Kilaore, Kil^nger, DeWitt C. Leach, Jatnos M.
Leach, Lee, Lougncckcr, Loonus.Lovcjoy, Mallory.Mais-
ton, IMcivean, McKnight, McPhei&on, IVIillson, Moutgoin-
ery, Lahrw T. Mooie, Mooihcad, Moinll, Edward Joy
Mui'i t>, Nelson, Nixon, Perry. Pettit, Peyton, I'orter, Pot-
tet, Pottle, Reynolds, Rice, Uiggs, Christopher Robinson,
Koyce, Sherman, William 1ST. H. tfmitli, Spauldwg, fcspui-
net, Stanton, Steven*, William Stewart, Stokes, Stratton,
Tappan. Thayer, Thenker, Tompkins, Trimble, Vallan-
dipham, Vatulever, Van Wyck, Verree, Waldron, Walton,
Eihlm B. Wa-.hhurne, Israel VVashburn, Wells, Windoni,
Wood, and Woodiuff—120.
Before the vote was announced,
Mr. ASHMORE stated that he had paired,
until Monday next, with Mr. Clark 13. Coch-
rane.
Mr WINSLOW stated that his colleague, Mr.
Branch, had been called home, and had paired
with Mr. Wade until Tuesday next.
Mr HALL stated that he had paired with Mr.
hln'dmajj. 0
Mr. HAWKINS announced that he had paired
with Mr. Sedgwick.
Mr NO ELL announced that Mr. Anderson,
of Missouri, had paired with Mr. Conkling.
Mi REAGAN stated that if the mime of the
gentleman from Massachusetts had been included
m the resolution he would have voted against
laying the motion on the table, and for censuring
both gentlemen; but as he believed the resolution
to be partial and unjust m its present shape, he
Would vote m the affirmative.
Mr. TAYLOR said he had paiqpdofF with Mr.
Blair.
air. LAM All, not being within the bar when
his name was called, asked leave to vote. *
Objection v.as made.
Mr. BA RKSD'VI.E said hp had hern nbsent
frequently, within the last few days, in conse-
quence of ill health. He was compelled to trans-
act some business at one of the Departments this
morning, and did not reach this House until after
his name had been reached m the-call. Under
these circumstances, he hoped he should be per-
mitted to vote.
Objection was made.
Mr. LEACH, of North Carolina, said that he
was not willing to censure one gentleman without
censuring both; but hoping the resolution would
be so modified as to censure both gentlemen, as
they deserved, he would now vote " no."
" The result of the vote was then announced as
above recotded.
Mr. COBB. { propose, in order to bring this
question up in a position where L can make a few
remaiks, to move to reconsider the vote just
taken. I hope 1 shall not he interrupted in what
1 have to say, foi evei ybedy see^ at once that it
embarrasses me to be mteirupted. 1 propose now
to stpto what 1 intend to do Although \ may
difler in opinion with every gentleman present,
yet, sir, I have a record to make for myself, and
for those of my constituents who may feel inter-
ested m the course S pursue upon tins floor i
regret, I deeply regret, the incurrences which have
ta«u;n pia<-e in tins Hou.se to-day 1 heard the
msf woul uttered by the gememan from Massa-
chusetts, and I heard every word uttered by my
colleague. I iegret that the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts felt it his duty to use the language
vvhieh he u?i>d; and from my knowledge of <mn,
^'i:rn !>e n fleets upon it, I beluvc h^ will see it
wax uivalied for, and he will apologize to this
,Housi for ufiiicr it. Every gentleman knows that,
let u apply to whom it may—and to whom it ap-
plied is perfectly immaterial—it was improper at
the time he used it; and I am satisfied that, by
this time,the gentleman feels thatitwasimproper.
Whether used towards my colleague or any one*
else, I ask gentlemen of this House whether it
was legitimate, whether it was respectful to this
body? The plain English of the remark, in the
circumstances tinder which it was uttered, was,
that my colleague was not a gentleman. And I
ask gentlemen who have witnessed scenes that
have occurred here on former occasions^ whether
every one of us has not violated the rules of the
House? If so, whether the remark of the gen-
tleman applies to every member? I call the at-
tention of the gentleman from Massachusetts
particularly to this iact, and ask whether it will
be proper for any gentleman to rise and say that
those who had thus violated the rules were not
gentlemen ? Sir, it was language which I think
the gentleman himself will see he ought not to
have used.
And now I turn to my colleague, and I say to
him, and to this House, that the language he used
was improper—improper towards the House. I
say not whether it was proper or improper to-
wards the gentleman who first made the attack; I
am not now discussing that question, and it is one
that is for the gentleman from Massachusetts and
my colleague to settle; but the language used by
my colleague was such, apply it to whom he may,
as he ought not to have used in this House, be-
cause the language of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts applied no more to him than to every
member of this House who lias opened his mouth
during the present session, who has not in all
probability departed from the strict rules of the
House. I feel assured, therefore, that my col-
league, whose courage and whoso valor no one
doubts, but who has a heart so magnanimous that
he will allow no one to be his superior m this re-
spect, will, when he comes to reflect upon the sub-
ject, if he believes he has done wrong, frankly
acknowledge, it to the House.
Mr. HILL made two or three remarks which
were not heard at the reporters' desk.
Mr. COBB. The gentleman may make sport
of this matter, if he chooses. I do not trifle with
these tilings. They are grave questions, i repeat
the remark which I made, that the language used
by the gentleman from Massachusetts applies to
the gontleman from Georgia and applies to my-
self. If the gentleman wishes to make sport out
of it, let him.
Mr. HILL. So far from desiring to make spoil
in frhat 1 have said, I approve entirely of the gen-
eral tenor of the remarks the gentleman from Ala-
bama is making.
Mr. COBB. Then, if the gentleman from
Georgia approves what 1 am saying, I hope he
willnotinterruptme,and break olTi he thread of my
remarks, i was speaking of my colleague, and was
saying that, while 1 knew he was valorous, yet
1 knew he was magnanimous. 1 know he is not
a man who can do a wrong to this House, or to
any individual if he know.-, it; and 1 bdu vc that
when he comes to see that the remark of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts applies to the whole
House as much as to himself I hat lie will rise in
his place, and say that he should not have used such
language, as far as the House was concerned. For
myself, when 1 have done a wrong, either to the
House, or to an individual in the prtsence of the
House, I will rise and apologize for it on the first
opportunity; and 1 have no doubt now that if the
gentleman from Massachusetts is convinced that
he did vwong in chaining members, who have
| violated the rules of the House, as being no gen-
| tlemen, and will so state to the House, that my
! colleague wt'i also state that he did violate the
I rules of the I louse in the language which he us< d,
! and wit! apologize for u. Wei the gentleman from
j Massachusetts do that, and if he wi! > notion my
j colleague, who was the suond oflft nder, he ex-
1 pceted to do :t -
I ' Mr v5|Val -r ti 1 now withdraw the motion to
j reconsider, and move to amend the motion of the
j gentleman from Ohio, so as to include me<renUe-
, man fmm Mcssit i:u->ett^, as well a^ my colleague,
in f he vot<- <>f oTi-ure
Mr I >A W BS obtained 'he flooi.
Mr GAliTRELL Wuh the perm^xion of
the gent'i man 'join ?vf '.s-^.n hi<>eUs, I desire to
make a suggestion 1 Mink this House is not in
a } roper spmt to act upon tins resolution at the
present" time. With the consent of the gentle-
man, I will move to postpone the consideration of
it for one week. ' ' " ^ _
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama, ask'ed a^Uestfon of
Mr. Cobb which was inaudible.to the reporter.
Mr. COBB. I relieve every aneof all respons-
ibility in reference to the motion, I have ;raader for
I have made it on my o.wn solely. , ~ ' {
Mr. DAWES. Wh^t is the question now be-
fore the House ? ■
The SPEAKER. It is on the. amendment
offered by the gentleman from Alabama to the
motion of the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I rise to a
question of order. 1 submit that the amendment
of tiie gentleman from Alabama is not a proper
one. We cannot proceed in propositions of this
kind to censure the conduct of members, except
in the way pointed out ,by the rules.. .Now, sir,
the gentleman from Massachusetts was i),ot called
to order; and we'are proceeding upon a motion to
censure him for the use of language for which he
was not called to order. 1 submit, therefore, that
the amendment, under the rules of tJie House,
cannot bo received.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I desire to know whether
gentlemen upon the other side of the House will
refuse to give us a vote upon this amendment;
whether it is their intention to shelter the gentle-
man from Massachusetts behind mere technical-
ities.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the ques-
tion of order, and decides the amendment of the
gentleman from Alabama to be in order.
Mr. DAWES. I understand the question pend-
ing, then, to be upon the motion to insert the name
of my colleague m the resolution of censure, and
to censure lnm lor words spoken in debate. Now,
I desire to.read to the House the language used
by my colleague, for which it is proposed to cen-
sure him by the House:
u I am not m the habit of troubling the House.much; and
I never in«M upon fpe.ikihgw'ien I am eic.iriy omof order.
I should consider niyi eit guilty of gioss impropriety, not
only as a nieiiion ot the liou^e, but as a gentleman, iJ J
myistod upon addrr^sir.q the Chair and interpolating my
remaiks, vvhon I had no light to the flooi."
That is every word which was uttered by my
colleague.
Mr. REAGAN. There was a rejoinder. [Cries
from the Democratic benches, "Read it aft!"
(< Read it ail!"]
Mr. DAWES. I purpose to make my remarks
under the rules of the House in my own way,
and not according to the suggestions of any other
membei of the House. These are the words
which my colleague uttered. When a member
[Mr. H ouston] rose, and wanted to know whether
my colleague applied these words-to him or got,
my colleague was pleased to say that he meant
just what he said, and that he stood by it. I do
not suppose any one claims that it is a violation
of the rules to say, lie meant what he stud, or
stood by it. Iie is to be censured, if at ail, for
uttering what I have read. JNow, sir, I wish to
a*k the House, I wish to ask every individual
member of this House, whetlur tnero is a word
m what 1 ha\e read from the Ups of my colleague,
that js not true p I want to see the member of this
House who considers it gentlemanly, willfully,
perversely, and intentionally, to violate the rules
of the House.
Mr. COBB. The gentleman wdi look at me to
see a irentieman of tins House who does not be-
lieve that that is un^ei'tlemanly.
Mr. DAWES. 1 see a member of the House
who docf? not think so.
Mr. COBB. I am a member of this House who
does not regard it to he ur,gentlemanly to violate
the rule-3 of this Hoiiho.
Mr. DAWES. I see a member from Alabama
who does not think it to be un^enlimianly to will-
fully and intentionally violate the utles.of the
House.
Mr COBB. 1 do not want the gentleman to
insinuate, by his use of the word member, that 1
am not a gentleman.
Mr JACKSON. I coll the gnuiem.in from
Massachusetts to order. He insinuates by his
kui£,uau;e that the jientieman fiorn Alabama is not
a crentvnum.
Air. COBB Why does the gentleman u.5e tho
word ''mcmoer'" Does he nt<an lo msmuato
that i am no gentleman ? I want him to answer
my question.
Mr. DAWES. I say here, thai 1 adopt the
