2550
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1,
language of my colleague; I say that I would
consider it ungcntlemanly on my part, intention-
ally arid Willfully to violate the rulesof this House;
and I say that I stand by those words. If any
member of this-House wants to know whether I
apply these remarks to him or not, I say, in the
language of ray colleague, that I mean what I
say, and that 1 am reader to stand by the words
apply my remarks to
I utter. [Sensation.]
the whole House.
Mr. REA.GAN. I call the' gentleman, from
Massachusetts to order; and I propose to move a
rosolution-of censure against him when the words
spoken by him have been reduced to writing.
Mr. DAWES. I want to know whether my
.colleague is to be censured for uttering what is a
sober truth ?
Mr. BURNETT. I rise to a question of order.
The point I make is this, and I do not intend at
this time to enter into any statement of my rea-
sons for making the point: the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] hastwice been called
t6 order by gentlemen of this House. The rules
require, when a member is called to order, that he
shall take his seat, and that the Chair shall hear
the point of order. Yet the Speaker has permitted
the gentleman from Massachusetts to proceed,
notwithstanding he has been called to order. He
was called to order first by the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Jackson,] and subsequently by
the gentleman from Texas, [Mr. Reagan,] and
the Speaker paid attention to neither of them.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will answer the
gentleman from Kentucky. The Chair does not
always notice the cries made generally of " Oi der!"
"Order!" but whenever a gentleman rises and
says that he rises to a point of order, I have never
failed to recognize him at once.
Mr. REAGAN. I rose to a point of order,
and I so stated at the time.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman from Geor-
gia not only stated that he rose to a point of Older;
but he stated his point of order.
The SPEAKER. Let the gentleman from
Georgia now state his point of order, and the
Chair will be glad to hear him.
Mr. JACKSON. 1 seldom trouble the House.
TheHoitse knows that I never make use of offens-
ive remarks. Everybody knows that. 1 re-
?ret the occurrence that transpired tins morning.
regret that;the gentleman from Massachusetts.
[Mr. Dawks,] who has just been speaking, ami
with whom I am on friendly terms, should lute
been betrayed, in the course of his remai lis |usu-
fying his colleague, mto an insinuation, as I
thought, and still think, that the gentleman from
Alabama [Mr. Coiib] is not a gentleman.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. 1 wish to
say 
[Loud cries of "Order!"]
Mr. JACKSON. 1 will state my point of or-
der. The words,as I remember them, were these:
the gentleman from Alabama rose in his place,
and said, "The gentleman sees me, and I have vio-
lated the rules of this House—sees me,the gentle-
man from Alabama." The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, I dare say in the heat of debate, said
at the moment, " I see a member of this House,"
thereby intimating that he did not see, in the per-
son of the gentleman from Alabama, a gentleman.
[Laughter.] 1 rose and called the gentleman
fromMassaclinseitstoorder. I consider the point
of order well taken.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order, not believing that the gentleman
from Massachusetts intended to east the insinua-
tion stated l>y the gentleman from Georgia.
Mr. JACKSON. The gentleman from Ala-
bama rose and said: "You see a gentleman,"
and the response was, "I see the member from
Alabama." The word member was pointedly
applied to the gentleman from Alabama. The
gentleman fiom Massachusetts seemed to signify
that lie did not sec a gentleman.
Mr. REAGAN. I also called the gentleman
from Massachusetts to order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that,
if he supposed that the construction placed by
the gentleman from Georgia upon the language of
the gentleman from Massachusetts was intended
by the gentleman from Massachusetts, he would
declare the gentleman to be out of order; but he
does not think there was any intention to permit
such a construction to go out.
Mr. REAGAN. I called the gentleman from
Massachusetts to order for" offensive words used
in debate. I desire the words spoken by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts shall be reduced to
writing, as I intend to base upon them a motion
to censure that gentleman.
Mr. DAWES. I have the floor, and the gen-
tleman cannot take it from me.
Mr. REAGAN. I call the gentleman to order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts must take his seat. The gentleman
from Texas will state his point of order.
Mr. REAGAN. In order to save the time of
the House, I will not recapitulate what has been
stated by the gentleman from Georgia. He has
stated what I would have stated. After the col-
loquy which he has recited, the gentleman from
Massachusetts went on to repeat the language
of his colleague, for the use of which language it
is now proposed to censure his colleague. The
gentleman from Massachusetts adopted that lan-
guage, and applied it to the gentleman from Ala-
bama, [Mr. Cobb.] I ask that the words be re-
duced to writing and read to the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair asks the Clerk
to read the 61st rule.
The 61st rule was read, as follows:
" If any member, in speaking or othervvisp, transgress
the rules of the House, the Fpeaker shall, or any member
may, call to order; in which case, the member so called
to order shall immediately sit down, unless permitted to
e\plum ; and the Iloiwe shall, ifnppealed to, decide on the
case, but without debate; if there be no appeal, the decis-
ion of the Chair shall be submitted to. If the decision be
in lavor ot the member called to order, he shall be at lib-
erty to proceed; ii otherwise, lie shall not be permitted to
proceed, m ca-e any member object, without leave ot the
House, and it the ca c lequire it, he &ball be liable to the
ceiiMire of the House."
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to make a motion
in order. 1 move that the member from Mas-
sachusetts be allowed to proceed. 1 think the
gentleman from Texas places an erroneous con-
struction upon the remark of the gentleman from
Massachusetts.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has decided the
point.
Mr. REAGAN. But the Chair has decided
dircctly contrary, as I understand it, to his former
decision.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the gentleman from Massachusetts is iii order.
He has so ruled; and now an appeal from the de-
cision of the Chair maybe taken, and indeed,
must, be taken, or the gentleman from Massachu-
setts will proceed.
Mr. REAGAN. If the Chair will hear me, I
will make this suggestion in defense of the course
which I have doomed it my duty to pursue. The
very question decided in this case was decided by
the, Speaker m the case of the gentleman from
Alabama, and that decision was decidedly the re-
verse of his present decision.
Mr. KEITT. I wish to say a single word. I
trust that this point will not be pressed, because I
do not really think that there is anything in it sub-
stantial. The question is as to the use of the word
44 member," and the word " gentleman." Now,
I pass by the fact that there may have been some-
thing m the manner of the member from Massa-
chusetts very offensive to the member from Ala-
bama, but you cannot daguerreotype that. That
is for the gentlemen to settle. Now, the word
" member " ih found running through the whole
Manual, and the word "gentleman" is nowhere-
to be found in that book. In the parliamentary
sense, no one can be called anything but a " mem-
ber." It is the only term recognized by our rules;
and I recollect that Air. Calhoun, when he was
Vice President, said that he never recognized any
member of the Senate except as a " member."
The SPEAKER. The Chan will state to the
gentleman from Texas the difference between the
two cases. In the first case, the gentleman from
Ohio called a gentleman to order, and made a
charge against him. In this case the gentleman
interrupted the person speaking, [Mr. Dawes,]
and wished him to sit down. There is the differ-
ence in the two cases.
Mr. REAGAN. I myself called the gentleman
to order, precisely as was done in the other case,
and I asked to submit the words which the gen-
tleman used.
But I wish to say a woid in reply to the re-
marks of the gentleman from South Carolina.
The gentleman seems to assume that there is
nothing in the point raised, except that alluded
to by the gentleman from Georgia. That is not
the essential point I raised. I called the gentle-
man from Massachusetts to order, and called at-
tention to the language which he had used.
Mr. BINGHAM. I rise to a point of order.
The Chair has decided the matter, and debate is
not in order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio'
objects to debate. He has the right to object, and
therefore I hope debate will be suspended, and
that the gentleman from-Massachusetts will pro-
ceed, unless an appeal is taken from the decision
of the Chair.
Mr. REAGAN. I wish now to state, so that
it may be understood—and I appeal to the recol-
lection of every gentleman here m witness of the
correctness of my assertion—that I distinctly
called the gentleman from Massachusetts to order,
and proposed to submit to the House the words
he uttered as the basis of a resolution of censure.
Mr. BINGHAM. I risc*again to my point of
order. I object to this debate.
Mr. REAGAN. I appeal, then, from the de-
cision of the Chair.
Mr. PETTIT. I move to lay that appeal upon
the table.
Mr. REAGAN. Upon that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WINSLOW, I ask the Chair now to pro-
pound the question to the House, so that we may
know what we are called to vote upon.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts had been assigned the floor by the Chair.
He was proceeding with his remarks, and was
called to order; ana the Chair, upon the point of
order being stated by the gentleman from Geor-
gia, decided that the gentleman from Massachu-
setts was in order.
Mr. WINSLOW. Will the Chair be kind
enough to state the point of order ?
The SPEAKER. Prom that decision of the
Chair an appeal was taken; and now the gentle-
man from Indiana moves to lay the appeal upon
the tabic.
Mr. WINSLOW. WiH the Chair be kind
enough to state the point raised by the member
from Texas ?
Mr. REAGAN. My point of order was, that
I called thojgentleman from Massachusetts to
order, and asked to have the words he used re-
ported to the Speaker, upon whfch to base a res-
olution of censure; and the Chair decided that my
motion was out of order.
The SPEAKER, The decision of the Chair is
simply this: that when a gentlpman is called to
order in debate, the question whether he is in
order or not is to he decided by the Chair, and
that decision must be abided by until it is reversed
by the House.
Mr. BOCOCK. I want to submit to the
Speaker one point for his decision. I admit that
whencveragcntlcnian is called to oider that ques-
tion must be first referred to the Speaker, and ho
must decide it, and that the gentleman's appeal
is to the House, if he wishes to reverse the decis-
ion of the Speaker.
But this is a different thing. The gentleman
from Texas states that he called the gentleman
from Massachusetts to order, and desired to have
his language taken down, with a view to found
uponitarcsolutionof censure. Now,I apprehend
that a gentleman may be censured, or a motion
may be made for censuring a man for language
which the Speaker may think is not out of order.
And the Speaker is aware that, unless exception
is taken at the time the language is uttered, no
resolution of censure can be afterwards intro-
duced. I admit that the gentleman from Texas
cannot now introduce his resolution; but if he
wishes at a future time to do so, he must have
the right now to have the objectionable words
recorded.
Air BINGHAM. The words are recoided.
Air. REAGAN. Then I want them lead
Mr. BINGHAM. I object to their being read.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to know
if the gentleman fiom Texas insists upon his ap-
peal ? %
Air. REAGAN. If it is understood that the
words are recorded as the foundation of a moiiou
hereafter, I will withdraw the appe.al,and save
the time of the House now.
