586
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
fixed on an honorable and worthy standard-bearer ;
for our candidate, and we shall stand by him if this ;
House were not organized till the crack of doom. !
[Sonne cries of "Good!'' from the Republican '
benches.] * ^
If permitted, I would speak a few minutes fur- j
ther in connection with what has recently taken j
place. [Cries of " Go on !"] For many weeks
past, while this floor has been occupied by an un- ]
organized "and disorganizing body of gentlemen, 1
we have listened in silence to what, I think, may
be fairly called the ran tings of the South, filled with
groundless accusations against the North, and j
threats of vengeance and dissolution of the Union. '
Sir, we listened without reply and without fear;
for whatever effect they might once have had, j
some of us always, and all of us now, have come
to regard them as idle menaces, as barren thun-
ders. However little it may be necessary for the :
benefit of any of them here, it may possibly be
considered duo to their reading, thinking, reason-
ing constituencies, before I take my seat, to give
an answer, plain, temperate, and true, to all of
these allegations, by stating, in thc-briefest pos-
sible manner, what I consider the principles of
th^-Republican party. I would have no man vote
under false pretenses. In my judgment, Repub-
licanism is founded in love of universal liberty,
and in hostility to slavery and oppression through-
out the world. Undoubtedly, had we the legal
right and the physical power, we would abolish
human servitude ami overthrow despotism inevcry
land that the sun visits in its diurnal course. But
we claim no .such high privilege or mission. That
belongs to the Father of men, who will accom-
plish tiis own good work in His own good way.
We chum no right to interfere with the institu-
tions of foreign nations, or with the institutions
of the sister States of this Republic. We would
wish that Russia would liberate her scrfa, Aus-
tria her oppressed subjects, Turkey her minions,
and the South her slaves. But the law of nations
gives us no authority to redress foreign griev-
ances; and the Constitution of the United States
gives us no powerto mtericrewith the institutions
of our sister States. And we do deny now. as we
have ever denied, that there is any desire or in-
tention, on the part of the Republican party, to
interfere with those institutions. It is astern,
an inflexible, a well-recognized principle of the
Republican party, that every law must be obeyed
till it is either repealed or becomes so intolerable
as to justify rebellion.
But, sir, while we claim no power to interfere
between foreign sovereignties and their subjects,
there is no law to prevent our sympathizing with
the oppressed of "Italy, of Turkey, or with the
crushed souls of America; and as we shall ever
vindicate the liberty of speech, no earthly power
shall prevent our giving utterance to such senti-
ments, and denouncing such wrongs whenever we
deem it proper. Sir, while we claim no powerto
interfere with any institution in the States, yet ;
whom the law of no State operates, and where 1
the responsibility ofgovernment is thrown on Con-
gress, we do claim the power to regulate and the .
right to abolish slavery. No other power on earth |
exists that can do it, for there is no other legis- '
lativebody; and it would be an intolerable shame ]
and reproach upon this Republic if there was any ;
spot within its wide expan.se where no such power !
existed. j
Now, sir, the Territories, the District of Co- i
lumbia, the navy-yards, and the arsenals have no j
legislative bodies but Congress, or those granted !
by Congress; and it is our purpose to provide in j
tlie exercise of our legislative duty, for prevent- i
ing the extension of slavery into free soil under :
the jurisdiction of this General Government, or ,
any extension of slavery upon this continent
I do not in this remark desire to shun the ques- j
tion. I do not bound this remark of exclusion by
climate, or latitude, or soil. My hostility to sla-
very is of a higher character, I trust, than that. If ,
it was not, there would be no kind of necessity
for the existence of the Republican party at all.
If 1 believed that slavery was right in itself, and
it might be permitted in places where certain labor
was or was not useful, I cannot see what princi- j
pie the Republican party could stand upon. The
whole ground is yielded, and this Republican ;
party is a nuisance, and this agitation is a crime, ;
m my judgment. ,
Now, sir, we agree with Clay md WVosterand
the other fathers of our earlier day, that while we
have the power to abolish slavery in the District
of Columbia, the time for its exercise is a question
of expediency about which, I have no doubt, many
men on this side of the House differ. I believe
that most of us agree that that time has not yet
arrived, nor do I see the period, for the present,
when it will; but when, considering the surround-
ing circumstances, it can be safely and justly abol-
ished, I believe it is the purpose of Republicanism
to do so, with these qualifications which I have
mentioned.
Now, sir, so far as I understand the principles of
the Republican party—and I have spoken plainly
and fairly—these are briefly their principles; and
let those who approve of them aid in their prop-
agation—not here, for wc do not propose to prop-
agate them here, but elsewhere. Let those who
condemn these principles oppose us. 'For our-
selves, we have resolved to stand by them until
they shall become triumphant; and we cheerfully
submit them to the judgment of our fellow-coun-
trymen, to the civilized nations of the earth, and
to posterity. I thank the gentleman from Ten-
nessee for his courtesy.
Mr. GARNETT. Will the gentleman from
Tennessee allow me to put a question to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania?
Mr. ETHERIDdrE. I cannot refuse, of course.
Mr. GARNETT. I understand the gentleman
from Pennsylvania to say that he believes Con-
j gross has the power to abolish slavery in the Dis-
j trict of Columbia; hut that he does not think, and
; that many of his party do not think, that the time
! has yet come when it will be expedient to exer-
cise that power. Does the gentleman apply the
same remark to the. dock-yards, aisenals, and
forts, and to the coastwise commerce of vessels
transporting slaves from one State to another >
, Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I can see no
! difference between the jurisdiction of the United
; States over the District of Columbia and the arse-
! rials and dock yards; but 1 am not prepared to say
, the same thing of the coastwise trade.
1 Mr. CLEMENS. I am sure the gentleman
1 from Pennsylvania will answer me a question.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsyhaina. Undoubt-
edly.
' Mr. CLEMENS. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania has, with a frankness and manliness
which I admire, hud down the programme of the
Republican party; but it occurs to me that he has
not been sufficiently explicit on one or two points.
I beg leave, therefore, to ask him respectfully,
whether he is in favor of the fugitive slave law of
j the United States as it now exists? If not, then,
| whether he is in favor of its repeal or modification;
I and if in favor of a modification, to what extent?
I I ask him "whethei he isi opposed to both the law
I of J8f>0and thatof 1793, and whether he believes
: that the power, existing as it does in the Consti-
tution of the United States, depends for its exer-
cise altogether upon the sovereignty of the various
States ?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I will an-
swer the gentleman with pleasure, although it is
not a cross-questioning upon anything which I
had said. 1 f the gentleman will refer to the record,
he will find that when the vote was taken upon
the passage of the fugitive slave law, 1 voted in
the negative. Of course, therefore, I was opposed
to that law.
As to the repeal or modification of that law, 1
am in favor of it.
As to the law of 1793, I thought that it was
sufficient. I do not object Jo a fair law, giving to [
the South the opportunity and the means of re-
claiming their slaves. 1 believe the present fugi- (
tive slave law—that is my political opinion, al- j
though if I were arguing a ease before a court 1 j
might not say it—is unconstitutional; but so long ;
as the decision of the Supreme Court remains, j
wherever 1 have any hand iif it, I shall not resist ;
its execution. '
Mr. CLEMENS. One more question, if my [
friend from Tennessee will permit it. [
Mr. ETHER1DGE. Certainly. i
Mr. CLEMENS. I have referred to the record j
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania. I had the !
pleasure of serving in a past Congress with him, j
and I know his intellectual power. I remember, t
too, that the gentleman from Pennsylvania, in a |
speech at that time, in which he gave the pro- j
posed policy of the Republican party, or the ;
party with which he then acted, announced that
it was to encircle the slave States of this Union
with fiee States as a cordon of fire, and that sla-
very, like a scorpion, would sting itself to death.
I ask the gentleman if he did not make that re-
mark, or something like it?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. If I did, it
is in the books.
Mr. CLEMENS. Well, did you not say it ?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Perhaps
the gentleman is thinking of what a friend ot
mine from New York said, thathe would surround
them with an atmosphere of freedom, and that
they should breathe it or die. [Laughter.]
Mr. CLEMENS. Oh, no. I think the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania will find, if he will
refer back to this record, that he had the genius
to conceive that remark. Now, I put to him re-
spectfully this question, whether in carrying out
the programme, which he has here to-day laid
down as an authoritative exponent of the Repub-
lican party, [cries of "Oh, no!" from the Re-
publican side,] while he affects to deny the power
of Congress to interfere with slavery in the States
under the Constitution—yet if his policy is car-
ried out, whether to-day, to-morrow, or fifty years
hence; if not a single new slave State is admit-
ted into the Union; if slavery is abolished in the
District of Columbia, in the Territories, in th«
arsenals, dockyards, and forts; if, in addition to
that, his party grasps the power of the Presidency,
with the patronage attached to it, and with the
prestige of the Army and Navy calling upon the
people of the South to be tried under the laws of
the United States for treason—whether, if he did
all this, he would not carry out to the full extent
the remark which he made, that he would have
slavery surrounded like a camp in a prairie or a
scorpion with fire, and if it would not sting itself
to death ?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I do not
know, not being a prophet. [Laughter.] The
gentleman knows better than I do.
Mr. FLORENCE. I wish to ask my colleague
one question.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I shall bo
glad to hear any questions from my friend from
the navy-yard. [Laughter.]
Mr. HURNETT. 1 must object to further in-
terruptions.
Mr. ETHEPJDGE. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania is a brief and pertinent man, and I will
yield to him to ask his question. I hope there
will be no objection.
Mr. FLORENCE. My question is mathemat-
ical, one of figures, and I put it to my colleague,
because I know he was once a schoolmaster.
Mi. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Yes, I am
proud to say that I have taught several hopeful
boys. I wish 1 had taught you, too. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. FLORENCE. I am afraid I would have
been an incorrigible pupil.
My colleague seemed to speak intelligently of
the White House, and of the opinions of the Presi-
dent m reference to the organization of this House
of Representatives. He spoke of the power of the
Administration over the members upon this side
who range themselves under the Democratic ban-
ner. I want to ask him a mathematical question.
How is it possible, with even all the power of this
Administration, that ninety-three, or eighty-nine,
or ninety members can organize this House,
when it takes one hundred and nineteen to elect a
Speaker?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Oh, I do
not think those eighty-nine, or ninety, or ninety-
three, ever will elect a Speaker. [Laughter.]
Mr. FLORENCE. I submit the problem to
him; and, if he can, mathematically, let him de-
duce the solution by which ninety men can organ-
ize tins House, when one hundred and nineteen
votes are required to elect a Speaker. How is
that possible, with all the power of the Adminis-
tration ?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. If my friend
and about five more would step out some day dur-
ing the voting—get a little sick, or go out to get
something to eat, or anything—wc could then elect
a Speaker. [Laughter.] As to my intelligence
of the White House affairs, the gentleman must
remember that the#President is one of my con-
stituents. [Renewed laughter.]
Mr. FLORENCE. If the gentleman repre-
