I860.]
appeMhx to the congressional globe.
165
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Slavery Question—Mr. Love.
Ho. of Rare,
of an indifferent audience; but it was a great up-
rising of the people, in which the masses were
politically, and to a considerable extent socially,
divided and arrayed against each other. In fact,
sir, it was a fierce ana angry struggle, approxi-
mating the character of a revolution. What are
the facts ? Upon the return of the Senator to
Illinois, in 1858, he was met at Chicago by some
thirty thousand people, assembled from different
portions of Illinois and other States. Before that
vast assemblag^he commenced a canvass, in an
account of his public stewardship, which contin-
ued for some four months. The effect of his first
effort was signally victorious, and was marked
by a visible reflux of the popular tide which had
been running against him. The consequence was,
that his enemies became alarmed, and redoubled
their opposition. The stake contended for was
the empire of the State; and the principal combat-
ants were the Senator on one side, and the great
Republican chief, Mr. Lincoln, on the other. Be-
tween these leaders, the contest became an intel-
lectual duel.
Henceforth, the scabbard was thrown away,
and the conflict raged fiercely to the end. No
quarters were asked or given. All the factions
. combined against the Senator—all the machinery
of party was brought to bear against him. Re-
publican clubs, Republican presses, and the influ-
ence of money raised at home and abroad—all those
were arrayed against him. Orators, too, famed
orators from abroad, were recruited for the service;
and among the number of those advertised to come
was the distinguished andeloquentgentlemanfrom
Ohio, [Mr. Corwin,] who regaled us some time
since with aseven hours'salutatory upon his no-
vitiate jn*thc Republican hierarchy. And may I
not add, en, passant, that it is only a healing virtue
of Divine sanction that can clcanse that gentleman
of his old political sins; that can whiten those
" bloody hands" and exorcise those " hospitable
graves;" that can erase that "damned spot."
[Laughter.]
I am also told, by gentlemen around me, that
Governor Chase and the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Colfax] were also there, and took a part
against the Senator.
Mr. COLFAX. Not as a paid orator.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Of course not. I did
not mean to say that. On^tho contrary, the bet-
ing of the gentleman in this controversy has been
alike honorable and commendable, and has chal-
lenged the approbation of every one, except, per-
haps, my unfortunate colleague. Having man-
fully opposed the Senator in the political field,
like Mr. Greeley, he is unwilling now to mis-
represent him. \ would commend the example
of these gentlemen to my colleague.
u Look lieu;, upon tlii*> picture, and on this."
But to return to the subject. The cry of the
Senator's enemies was, " crucify him, crucify
him;" but, hurling defiance in their teeth, he
pressed on to victory. Traversing every portion
of the State, by the most rapid movements, he
spoke everywhere, and to successive thousands.
His energies, endurance, and resources, seemed
to be unfailing and inexhaustible, and even chal-
lenged exclamations of surprise and admiration
from his enemies. Such heroism, of course, could
not fail to excite generous sympathies abroad as
well as at home. Hence, Governor Jones, of
Tennessee, came all the way from that State to
take a part in the contest, and to meet the orator
of Ohio upon the middle ground of Illinois; and
long will the generous succor afforded by the
noble and lamented orator of Tennessee be cher-
ished with grateful recollections by the Illinois
Democracy.
Such, sir, is a brief explanation of the circum-
stances attending the Senator's reelection; and it
will be seen that he gained his triumph by the aid
of the Democracy, and not by the aid of the Re-
publicans, whom lie vanquished despite their re-
sistance. Yet my colleague says that throughout
this contest, or before it, the Senator was bargain-
ing with Mr. Greeley and other Republicans for
the betrayal, not only of the Republican, but the
Democratic party; and whatarehisproofs? Why,
sir, they are a jumble of odd ends and absurdi-
ties. They consist of anonymous and irrespons-
ible telegraphic dispatches and communications
from newspaper letter-writers; most of them more
than two years old, and dug up, from the oblivion
which had closed upon them, for unexpected use
on this occasion. Others of "these instrumental-
ities, not falling within this description, appear to
be papers prepared, specially prepared, for this
emergency.
As to the letter of Mr. Blair, my colleague takes
nothing by it; for it proves nothing, except that
its author does not like the Senator. It does not
prove, oreven intimate, that the Senator proposed
in any way to compromise hi^ character as a
Democrat. As to Mr. Raney, quoted by my col-
league as postmaster at Peoria, in Illinois, it is only
necessary to say that his alleged Democracy is
disproved by the fact that he has lent himself as a
willing witness to second and supporta Republican
attack upon a Democrat; and that, too, for political
effect. Standing in opposition to the Democratic
organization in his Statefor the last two years,he
has lately, as I learn, turned against the Federal
Administration in resentment of a refusal of his
impertinent demands for public pap.
As to Mr. Powell, late superintendent of public
schools, in Illinois, even if what he said is true,
he is unworthy of confidence; for he shamelessly
confesses that he speaks of what lie learned from
private letters, the contents of which he has be-
trayed. Yet even he does not impugn the faith
or consistency of the Senator. As to the second-
hand statement of Mr. Pangborn, of Massachu-
setts, of what Senator Wilson told him, some
two years since, I have only to ask, why did not
my colleague let Senator Wilson speak for him-
self? The Senator is here and able to do so.
But, sir, as to the communication of the mys-
terious Mr. " H.," I have somethingmorfe to say.
Who is he? We know not,cxceptthat he writes
as a Republican to one of the most violent re-
publican papers in Illinois—the Chicago Journal.
When called upon for the real name ofMr."H.,"
my colleague refused to give it; doubtless for a
sufficient reason; yet he confesses that the com-
munication was written since this charge was first
made here. From all that we can gather concern-
ing this communication, there is little or no doubt
that it was manufactured to order—that it is a peg
made to fit this particular hole. I believe this, sir;
and I doubt not that the country will concur with
me.
Having thus briefly, but, as I think, truly char-
acterized the testimony of the gentleman, I ask
now, will this House, will the country, will any-
body, condemn a distinguished statesman, who
has, for near twenty years, faithfully served the
Republic, upon such testimony ? Will the gener-
ous and noble Democracy of these United States
condemn a bold and able leader, who has carried
their standard m triumph through many a hard-
fought battle, in the face of exultant and formida-
ble numbers, upon such a miserable pretense of
testimony ?
Sir, I cannot further condescend to notice either
the charge, or the vagrant pretenses upon which it
isfounded. My colleague [Mr.Logan] hasalready
stamped the charge as "base coin;" and so the
public will stamp it. Nobody will believe it, not
even the author of it himself, when his passions
shall have subsided, and his reason resumed its
sway. It is a last desperate effort to avert an
event which would sound the death-knell to Re-
publicanism in Illinois and throughout the whole
North—the nomination of Senator Douglas at
Charleston.
SLAVERY QUESTION.
SPEECH OF HON. PETER E. LOVE,
OF GEORGIA,
In the House of Representatives,
March 13, 1860.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and having under consideration the Pres-
ident's message-
Mr. LOVE said:
Mr. Chairman: I am not unaware of the fact
that, under ordinary circumstance's, a new mem-
ber of this House should not be m haste to min-
gle actively in its deliberations. But, sir, in obe-
dience to what I believe to be a solemn duty to
myself as a southern man and a Georgian, I shall
avail myself of the privilege now afforded me of
addressing the committee. And, sir, it shall fee
my first duty to notice the most remarkable ad-
dress made in this Chamber some days since by
the member from New York, [Mr. Van Wyck.]
I have said that that address was remarkable.
Indeed I have never listened to just such an one,
either in the court-house or on the stump, much
less in a deliberative body. It was a tissue of
misrepresentations of, and insults to, southern %
men, and as a whole, was a studied, deliberate*
libel on the South, her institutions and her peoplo.
In proof of what I have said, permit me to call
the attention of the committee to two short ex-
tracts from the address:
"Listen to a resolution of the gallant State of Georgia,
whose entire delegation on this floor and xn the Senate
make loud and valorous boasts that no man elected on the
Republican platform shall ever he inaugurated President.
On the 12th day of January, 177o, slie said:
"<To show the world that we are not influenced by any
interested or contracted motives, but a general philan-
thropy for all mankind, of whatever language or complex-
ion, we hereby declare our disapprobation and abhonence
of the unnatural practice of slavery in America—a practice
founded in injustice and cruelty, and highly dangerous to
our liberties, debasing part ot our fellow-creatures below
men, and corrupting the virtue and morals of the rest, and
Is laying the basis of that liberty we contend for upon a very
wrong foundation. We therefore resolve at all times to use
our utmost endeavors for the manumission of our slaves in
this colony, upon the most safe and equitable footing for
the masters and themselves.'"
After reading this resolution, the individual
adds:
" Men of Georgia, go by the graves of your fathers, renew
your love of country, and recall your treasonable designs.
The serious charges you make against us but react Upon
the memory of your ancestors. We stand this day on the
Georgia resolutions of 1775. Such were the sentiments of
all the patriots of the Revolution. Under their influence,
your fathers—I mean your liberty-loving fathers, for I sup-
pose the Tone* of Georgia did not. even in that day, sub-
scribe to the above resolutions—aided to achieve the free-
dom of our country."
The dark insinuation contained in this extract
is made clearer by the following sentences, which
I extract from another part of the address;
" The greatest cruelty and spoliation you suffered was at
the hands of j'our native Tories, and from threats of rebel-
lion and violence. I conclude their descendants are nu-
merous on that soil. With their blood seem to have de-
scended their principles."
Now, sir, here on this floor, and before the coun-
try,this man makes the charge that all those who,
in Georgia, in 1775, disagreed to the resolution
quoted, were Tories; that all who, in Georgia,
now differ in sentiment from that resolution, are
Tories, and especially that the present members
of Congress are so. Now, sir, what answer shall
be made to this charge? Evidently, the fitting
reply cannot be made in this Chamber. All that
I can say, and that I do say, is, that the imputa-
tion is meanly and wickedly false. I shall now
go back and briefly consider the resolution itself;
and, in order to do so properly, it will be neces-
sary to give a little attention to the history of the
slavery question in Georgia. By the charter under
which Georgia was colonized,
"Twenty-olie noblemen and gentlemen were constituted
a body coiporate, by the name and style of the Trustees for
Establishing a Colony of Georgia, in America; giving t^ the
projected colony the name of the monarch who had granted
to them such a liberal territory for the development of their
benevolence."
These trustees had full power to legislate for
the colony, and they saw proper to forbid slavery
in it. This, however, was not done on account
of any sickly sentimentality for the negro, but
was done purely upon politic grounds.
From Stevens's History of Georgia I read the
following extract:
" Lving [say the trustees] about the same latitude with
China, I'eisia. Palestine, and the Madeiras, it is highly
probable that when lieieafter it shall be well peopled and
rightly cultivated, England maybe supplied from thence
witii "raw silk, wine, oil, dye", and many other materials for
manufactures, which she is obliged to purchase from south-
ern countries.'1
The historian, in another place, remarks that
" Their design was to provide for poor, but honest per-
sons, to erect a barrier between South Carolina and the
Spanish settlements, and to establish a wine and silk-grow-
ing colony. It was thought by the trustees that neither of
these designs could be secured if slavery was introduced
They reasoned, that nothing but a free white colony could
arrest the mcur&lonsof the savages and Spaniaids; that
plantations of grrat extent, widely separated, with a largo
negro population, and hut few whites, would be no etfect-
uai" obstacle; because the blacks could be easily seduced
from their masters, who were too feeble and scattered to
resist.5'
