1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2551
Mr. JONES. I call for the reading of the
words.
The SPEAKER. There is nothing now before
the House upon that subject.
Mr. JONES. The Chair decided that they
should be read in the other case, and 1 demand
that they shall be read in this case.
The SPEAKER. The question is not now
before the House, and the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts will proceed.
Mr. DAWES. I was, when called to order in
the way which occurred to me on the spur of the
moment, endeavoring to impress upon the House
the propriety of observing order. I was, there-
fore, the last man who intended to violate the rules
of order. And 1 was also expressing my surprise
that anybody in the House should be found who
would say that he would willfully and intention-
ally violate the rules of the House.
1 expressed myself in as strong language as I
could, by saying that I should desire to see the
man who would do it. I do not believe that the
member from Alabama, [Mr. Cobb]—for I un-
derstand now, from the member from South Car-
olina, [Mr. Keitt,] that it would be out of order
to call him " the gentleman from Alabama"—
really intended, by making aprofert of himself at
that time, to say that he did intend willfully to vi-
olate the rules of the House. I say further, Mr.
Speaker, that no man has my personal regard
more than the member from Alabama, [Mr.
Cobb.] I know his good nature. I know his in-
tense desire, in spite of what would be the infer-
ence from his submitting himself as a profert,
when I asked to see the man who would say he
would intentionally and willfully violate the rules
of this House, in spite of himself, 1 believe he
means to observe the rules of the House. I merely
meant, when the member from Alabama did make
an exhibition of himself in that manner, to ex-
press my surprise that he should,above all others,
present himself under these circumstances.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I wish to say a word in
regard to the motion of censure on my colleague
for uttering what, it appears to me, no man who
has a regard for himself as a gentleman would
fail to say for himself, what he has said, that he
considered it improper and ungentlemanly con-
duct willfully and intentionally to violate the rules
of the House. The other member from Alabama
[Mr. H odston] was pleased immediately to apply
these remarks to himself.
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama. Let me say to the
gentleman from Massachusetts, that the words
taken down do not bear him out. My colleague
merely said that if the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Train] intended to apply his re-
marks to him, he would pronounce them false.
Mr. DAWES. I trust that my colleague did
mean this—if he did not, 1 mean it now: I say,
as my colleague said, that if 1 ever insisted on
speaking, when lam clearly out of order, I should
consider myself guilty of gross impropriety, not
only as a member of the House, but as a gentle-
man. Now, sir, my colleague spoke that for him-
self; but 1 mean to say that every member of the
House should say it for and of himself; and I say
that the member from Alabama [Mr. Houston]
who felt called upon, by the circumstances of the
case and by the course of conduct that had preceded
his remarks, to insist on applying it to himself,
should have stopped to consider whether, after
all, it was not a coat that fitted.
I have to say further, sir, that I trust, and I
know, my colleague has enough sense of self-
respect, and has enough of respect for the hundred
thousand freemen who sent him here, none of
whom does he own, and none of whom owns him,
to say on this floor, in respect to himself, and to
say it in such language as that it becomes every
member of the House to apply it to himself also,
that he should consider it ungentlemanly on his
part to insist, knowingly and intentionally, on
violating the rules of the House. That is all that
my colleague has said. I was glad to hear him
say that lie meant what he said, and would stand
by it. I want to see if this House will censure
him for uttering this truth. I want to see the
record of the names of those who would censure
my colli ague for saying here, ill this House, that,
so far as concerned himself, be would consider it
""gentlemanly oil his pait to attempt to violate
its rules, i, for one, am prepared to vote on that
question. I trust that every other member of the
House is also prepared to vote on it; and letitgo
to the country how many of us come here and
willfully violate the rules of the House, and cen-
sure a man for saying that, so far as he himself
is concerned, he should consider itungentlemanly,
on his part, to attempt it. Let the vote be taken
and let the record be exhibited.
That is all I have to say;and now I call the pre-
vious question on the amendment.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I appeal to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts to withdraw thatmor
tion for one object. It is this: neither of these
gentlemen has had the opportunity to explain.
The House is entitled to an explanion, and the
rule contemplates an explanation. I ask, there-
fore, that these gentlemen be requested, either
both or one of them, at their option, to rise in
their places and explain.
Mr. HICKMAN. I rise to a question of order.
I call any gentleman to order who speaks now
under a call for the previous question. If either
of the gentlemen concerned desires to address the
House he would say so.
The SPEAKER. The first question is on the
amendment of the gentleman from Alabama to
censure the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Train;] and on that the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Dawes] calls for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I appeal to the
gentleman from Massachusetts to withdraw the
previous question for a moment.
Mr. DAWES. If either of the gentlemen spe-
cially interested in the resolution desires to say
anything to the House on it I will withdraw the
call for the previous question. Otherwise, I shall
insist on if.
The SPE AKE R. The Chair wishes to under-
stand whether the call for the previous question
is withdrawn unqualifiedly or not?
Mr. DAWES. It is not withdrawn.
The SPEAKER. Then the question is on sec-
onding the demand for the previous question.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I rise to a point
of Older. By virtue of the amendment, the case
of another member of the House is introduced
into the resolution for the consideration of the
House. According to the rule, that member should
be permitted to explain; but before that explana-
tion is permitted, the House is proceeding to vote
on his case. I hold that, until permission he given
to the gentleman from Massachusetts to explain,
any vote on the resolution affecting him is out of
order.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I desire to say, in regard
to this subject-matter of explanation, that I must
protest againstgentlemcn on this side of the House
constantly asking for the privilege, for the per-
mission to make an explanation, when no dispo-
sition has been manifested, on the part either of
the gentleman from Massachusetts or the gentle-
man from Alabama, to make an explanation. I
know, and the House knows, that the gentleman
from Massachusetts does not intend to make any
explanation in regard to his conduct; for he is sat-
isfied with it, I have reason to believe, he having
been sustained, as I supposed him to have been,
by the remarks which'v/ere submitted.
Mr. BINGHAM. I submit that those remarks
are out of order.
Mr. CRAWFORD. The previous question
has been withdrawn, I understand.
Mr. DAWES. It has not been.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Then I simply desire to
say, that I hope members on this side will nojt ask
again for the privilege of an explanation, until an
explanation is offered to be made.
Mr. HILL. The gentleman from Massachu-
setts, at my request, withdraws theprcviousques-
tion to allow me to say a word. [Loud cries of
" Question!"]
Mr. DAWES. I stated distinctly that if either
the gentleman from Alabama or my colleague de-
sired to say anything, I would withdraw the pre-
vious question; otherwise I would not.
Mr. HILL. Will not the Chair recognize me?
The SPEAKER. Yes; if the gentleman from
Massachusetts withdraws the demand for the pre-
vious question; but he does not.
Mr. BURNETT called for tellers on seconding
the previous question.
Mr. DAWES. I understand that the gentle-
man from Georgia [Mr. Hill] requests me to
withdraw, the demand for the previous question
for the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Houston.]
With that understanding, and for that purpose, I
will withdraw it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair wishes to state
one fact to the House: that after the main ques-
tion has been ordered, it is the opinion of,the
Chair that either of the gentlemen [Mr. Houston
or Mr. Train] will be at liberty to make ahy re-
marks under the rules.
Mr. HILL. That is all that I wish—nothing
else. . $
Mr. WINSLOW. I rise to a question of order.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. There is one ques-
tion of order before the House—the point of order
which I raised; and I would like to have it de-
cided.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules that
point of order.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Then I shall be
obliged to take an appeal from that decision. I
think the House owes it to itself to give permis-
sion for explanations, whether the gentlemen avail
themselves of it or not.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York will understand that the Chair has expressly
decided that, after the second of the previous
question, either of the gentlemen will be at liberty
to make explanations.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Does either of the-gen-
tlemen desire to do it ?
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. The rule requires
that the permission shall be given.
Mr. WINSLOW. Mr. Speaker, I think, upon
a short review of this matter, the House will find
itself now out of order.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I object to any
debate.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
the gentleman from North Carolina is stating a
point of order.
Mr. WINSLOW. The Speaker will remember
- that the true question now before the House is the
motion that I submitted to the House, and out of
which this matter has grown. My friend from
Massachusetts [Mr. Train] was proceeding to
discuss that question when the colloquy occurred
between him and the gentleman from Alabama,
out of which all this difficulty has arisen. It was
perfectly competent at that stage for any gentle-
man to call either of them to order; and the
Speaker was required to decide whether he was
in order or out of order. If the gentleman from
Massachusetts was in order, the Speaker should
have directed him to proceed in order. No mem-
ber had a right, at that stage of the proceedings,
to interpolate a vote of censure. It was the right
of the gentleman from Ohio to have the words of
thegentleman from Alabama taken down,ill order
1 that hereafter he might found a resolution of cen-
sure upon them; bu t pending the resolution w'hich
I have offered, and which is before the House, it
was not in order to offer any other resolution. I,
therefore, submit that the resolution of the gen-
tleman from Ohio is out of order, and that the
House ought to proceed with the consideration of
my resolution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the point of order is not well taken, and if it were,
it comes too late. The whole question has been
discussed.
Mr. BUPiNETT. I was misinformed in rcfefc
ence to the state of the question. The proposi-
tion, as I understand it—and I want to know if I
am right—is to insert the name of the gentleman
from Massachusetts in the resolution.
The SPEAKER. Yes, sir.
Mr. BURNETT. That is offered as an amend-
ment ?
The SPEAKER. Yes, sir.
Mr. BURNETT. Then, of course, I do not
ask for a division of the proposition. I do not in-
tend to vote to censure either of the gentlemen.
Tellers were ordered on the demand for the
previous question; and Messrs. Bcffinton and
Burnett were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 85, noes 63.
So the previous question was seconded.
The question then being, " Shall the main ques-
tion be now put?"
Mr. SICKLES demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BOCOCK. Will the Chair entertain a mo-
tion now to lay the whole subject on the table ?
