THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
Cavode, Curtis, Dawes, Delano, Duell, Dunn, Edgcrton,
Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Farnsworth, Fenton, Ferry, Foster,
Frank, French,Gaoch, Graham, Grow, Gurley, Hale, Has-
kin, Helmick, Hoard, Humphrey, Hutchins, Irvine, Junkin,
Francis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Kenyon, Kilgorc,
Kiltin'ger, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, Longneeker, Loomis,
LQvejoy, Marston, MeKcan, McKnight, McPherson, Mill-
ward, Moorhead, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris, Morse,
Nixon, Olin, Palmer, Pennington, Perry, Pettit, Porter, Pot-
ter., Pottle, luce, Christopher Robinson, Royce, Schwartz,
Scranton, Sedgwick, Somes, Spaulding, Spinner, Stevens,
Stratton, Tappan, Theakcr, Tompkins, Train, Trimble,
Van Wyek, Verrce, Wide, Waldron, Walton, Cadwaladei
C. Washburn, Ellihu li. Washburne, Israel Washburn,
Wells, Wilson, Windom, and Woodruff.
For Mr. Bocock—Messrs. Thomas L Anderson, Ashmore,
Avery, Barksdale, Barrett, Boyce, Burch, Burnett, Clopton,
Cobb, John Cochrane, Cox, Burton Craige, Crawford,
Curry, Reuben Davis, Edmundson, Floxencc, Garnett,
Gartiell, John T. Harris, Ilawkms, Ihndman, Hughes,
Jackson, Jones, Kunkel, Lamar, Landrum, Leake, Love,
McQueen, Mcltae, Miles, Millson, Sydenham Moore, Nib-
iack, Peyton, Phelps, Pugh, Reagan, Rutfin, ttust, Single-
ton, Stevenson, Thomas, Undci wood, Whiteley, YVinslow,
Woodson, and Wright.
For Mr. William N. II. Smith—Messrs., Green Adams,
William C. Anderson, Bouligny, Brabson, Drigg^, Cristow,
John B. Clarke, De Jarnette, Gilmer, Hardeman, J. Morri-
son Harris, Ilatton, Hill, Koitt, James M. Leach, Mallory,
Maynard, Laban T. Moore, Nelson, Pryor, Q-uarles, Wil-
liam Smith, Stokes, Taylor, Vance, and Webster.
For Mr. John G. Daois—Messrs. Allen, James Craig,
Howard, Montgomery, tsaac N. Morris, and Pendleton.
For Mr. Hamilton—Messrs. Bonham, Boteler, John G.
Davis, and James C. Robinson.
For Mr. Horacc F. Clark—Messis. Adrain, Bair, Ether-
idyc, and Riggs.
For Mr^&ibner—Messrs. Clemens, II. Winter Davis,
and William N. H. Snuth.
For Mr. Niblacfc—Messrs. English, Ilolman, and Noell.
For Mr. Larrabce—Messrs. Fouke, Houston, and H icicle*;.
For Mr. Jidrain—Messrs. Horace F. Clark and Cooper.
For Mr. Wmslow—Messrs. Lairabce and Logan.
For Mr. Taylor—Messrs. Chatles. D. Martin andMcCler-
nand.
For Mr. John Cochrane—Mr. Bocock.
For Mr. Kotelcr—Mr. Elbert S. Mai tin.
Por Mr. Phelps—Mr. Stout.
For Mr. Lamar—Mr. Vallandigham.
And then, on motion of Mr. NIBLACK, (at
ton minutes to five o'clock, p. m.,) the House
adjourned
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January £G, 18G0
Prayer by Rev. Evhraiu) Kkwpsiiali..
The Journal of yesterday was rend and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before t!v- Sen-
ate a message from the President of the United
States, communicating, in compliance wit]) a res-
olution ofthc Senate, of the lltli of Juno, LS53, re-
questing the President of the United States, if in
his judgment compatible with the public interest,
to communicate to the Senate such information as
the ^Executive Departments may afford of the. con-
tract.^, agreements, and arrangements which have
been made, and of proposals which have been re-
ceived for heating and ventilating the Capitol ex-
tension, the Post Oilier, and other public buildings
in course of construction, under the management of
Captam Meig.<, and of the action ofthe Secietaiy
of War and Captain Meigs thereon, all the papers
called for by the resolution.
Mr. HUNTER. I move that it be referred to
the Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
It seems to bo a.large mass. I do not know whether
it is ncccssary that it should be printed. If the
committee think it ought to be, they will doubt-
less move if. I move the reference of the commu-
nication to the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD subsequently said: I desire to
move the printing of the document which was
received this morning from the President of the
United States. I make that motion.
Mr. FITCH. 1 do not know the character of
the document; but 1 presume the motion goes to
the Committee on Printing.
Mr. SEWARD 1 have no objection to that, if
the chairman prefers it.
The motion tu print was referred to the Com-
mitter on Pimtmg.
PETITION'S.
Mi. GREEN presented a petition of the board
of supervisors of Atchison county. Kansas Ter-
ritory, and of citizens of that county, praying for
the confirmation of sales of certain school lands
in that Territory; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. DOUGLAS presented fh-'ptfifion of Val-
entine Weirham, praying to be allowed an in-
crease of pension; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. BROWN, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Stephen Kreb«, Mary Mc-
Gehey, and Lucy Lowcry, children of Stephen ICiebs, a
citizen of the Choctaw nation of Indians, praying to bo al-
lowed other land in lieu of that to which they were entitled
under the treaty with the Choctaw Indians of September
15,1830, on the files of the Senate, be referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
On motion of Mr. GWIN, it was
Ordered, That Leonard J. Rose have leave to withdraw
his petition and papeis from the files of the Senate.
On motion of Mr. SEBASTIAN, it was
Ordered, That the papers in i elation to the claim of John
Rogers, for storage ot provisions at Fort Smith, Arkansas,
in 1837, on the files of the Senate, bo referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Allans.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. RICE, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill (S.
! No. 105) for the relief of mail contractors west
i of the Mississippi river; which was read twice
i by its title, and referred to the Committee on Pub-
I lie Lands.
Mr. GREEN asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 107) to
confirm the titles of certain purchasers of school
lands in Kansas Territory; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims.
REPORTS 01? COMMITTEES.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 49) to confirm the title in a certain tract
of land m the State of Missouri, to the heirs and
legal representatives of Thomas Maddm, deceased,
reported it with an amendment, and submitted a
report; which was ordered to he printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom was
referred the memorial of the Domestic and Foreign
. Missionary Society of the Protestant Episcopal
I Church in the United States, praying the conliim-
j' ation of their title to certain lands, submitted a re-
i port, accompanied by a bill (S. No. 10G) author-
; i/.in.fi; the "Domestic and Foreign Missionary
, Society of the Protestant Episcopal Church in the
United States" to enter a certain tract of land in
the State of Wisconsin. The bill was read, and
' passed to a second reading; and the report was
: ordered to be printed.
j lie also, from the same committee, to whom was
} referred the bill (S. No. 92) authorizing the courts
> to adjudicate the chum of the legal representatives
j of the Sieur de Bonne and the Chevalier de R.e-
j penti^ny to certain land at the Sault Ste. Marie, in
i the Stati! of Michigan, reported it without amend-
| ment.
] Tie also, from the same committee, to whom was
J K'ferred the bill (S. No. 101) for the final adjust-
j ment of private land claims m the States of Flor-
| ida, Louisiana, Arkansas, and Missouri, and for
I other purposes, leportcd it without amendment,
j Mr. PUGilI, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 31)
for the relief of Theresa Dardenne, widow of Abra-
ham Dardenne, deceased, and their children, re-
ported it without amendment.
Air. MALLORY, from the Committee on Naval
AtFairs, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.32)
to increase and regulate the pay of the Navy, re-
ported it with an amendment.
Mr. POWELL, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom wasiefeued the bill (S. No, GG)
| to authorize and direct the settlement of the ac-
| counts of Rosm Wiikins, James Withcrell, and
j Solomon Sibley, reported it without amendment,
and submitted an adverse rcpoit; which was or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 19) legalizing certain entries of
land on Leavenworth Island, in the State of Mis-
souri, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. CRITTENDEN, from the Committee on
Foreign Relations, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 14) for the relief of Francis Damese, re-
ported it without amendment.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
On motion of Mr. CLAY, it was
Ordered, That when fh« Hoiate adjourn* («> day it o>
m<5Pt f>:i M'Hid-iy next.
POST ROUTES IN MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. BROWN submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of estab-
lishing the follow post routes:
From fort Gibson, in Claiborne county, Mississippi, via
Oak Hill to Union Church, in Jefferson county, Mississippi;
and
From Big Oak, in Kemper county, Mississippi, via Marion
Station, to Philadelphia, in Neshoba county, Mississippi.
LIABILITY OF SHIP-OWNERS.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce,-to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 75)
supplementary to " An act to limit the liability of
ship-owners, and for other purposes," approved
March 3, 1851, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to state to the Sen-
ate that the provisions of that bill which sought
to cover a certain class of liabilities that attach to
ship-owners, have all been removed, as your
committee understand, by a decision of the Su-
preme Court during its present session. Thcfre
is, therefore, no necessity for the bill; and I have
been directed to report it back, and ask that the
committee be discharged from its further consid-
eration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Maine ask for the present consideration <*f
the motion ?
Mr. HAMLIN. Yes, sir. Let it be put, if
there be no objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will put
it, if there is no objection.
The motion was agreed to.
HOUMAS LAND CLAIMS.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Some days ago my col-
league offered a resolution to refer a -petition in
relation to the Houmas land claims, presented at
the last session of Congress, to the Judiciary
Committee. That resolution laid over a day, and
I understand nothing has been done in regard to
it. I now move that it be referred to the select
committee, to which the petition sent in at this
session was referred.
The motion was agreed to; and it was
0?('uc(J, That the memoiial of resident* and owners of
land-? m  h<> Pnnshc*. of Ascension and Iberville, Louisiana,
piaymg the repeal of the " Act to provide for the location of
ceitam land claims in the State ot Louisiana, and for other
purposes'-," on the files of the Senate, be rcfeirod to the
select committee on the memorial of certain settlers on the
Houmas land* in Louisiana.
COMMITTEE ON CLAIMS.
Mr. BRIGHT. I offer the following resolution;
and if there be no objection, I ask for its present
consideration:
Resoh ed, That the 34th rule of the Senate be to amended
as to authorize the appointment of seven members instead
ol live on the Committee on Claims.
Mr. President, the question of enlarging tho
.Committee on Claims was before a committee at
the opening of the session. They decided not to
make the request unless, during the progress of
business, that committee should agrete that addi-
tional members were necessary. They state that
such is the fact; and accordingly I offer the reso-
lution. It will require unanimous consent to con-
sider it. If there be no objection, I ask that it
may be considered now.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
The resolution was adopted.
Mi. BRIGHT. I asfc for the reading and adop-
tion of the order that is appended to the resolu-
tion.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Ordered, That two additional members on the Commit-
tee on Claims be appointed by the Vice President.
The order was agreed to.
EMPLOYES.
Mr, BRIGHT, from the Committee on Public.
Buildings and Grounds, to whom the subject was
: referred, submitted the following resolutions:
Resohed, That tho Committee on Accounts of tho Sen-
ate is hereby authorized to place the names of the persons
employed on the heating and ventilating, gas and water
uppaidtus of the noith wing of the Capitol, upon the pay
roll-; f'f the contingent fund of the Senate; and they shall
be paid lbi the present month the same compensations as
are now allowed to the persons in the same positions in
tho south wine of the Capitol.
Rt otrrri, Tin* persons employed on the heating and
