1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1609
had that right and did not avail themselves of it,
they would bo remediless here.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. It would seem
that they had the right, by making a tender to
the Government; and when they did that, their
rights were superior to those of the Government;
and when the Government, by its power, by its
physical force, took the iron from their posses-
sion, the Government became, not only equitably,
but legally, liable to pay their bills. I understand
these gentlemen did tender to the collector at To-
ledo the amount of duties due to the Government
on the iron. They were the assignees; they were
bailees; they had an interest in this iron; and they
had the right, in order to protect themselves, to
make a tender to the Government. They did do
so; and from that time, it seems to me, that their
rights were paramount to the rights of the Gov-
ernment,
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. If the facts as-
sumed by the gentleman from Maine be corrcct,
there can be no doubt at all about this question;
for in that case, the tender of the amount of the
lien would be a discharge of the lien. But in this
case, Smith & I^unt were not the persons who
entered the goods in the port of New York. They
were entered in the names of other persons, and
these men were only special warehousemen.
Then, if that be right, the position which I ori-
ginally took is the one which now presents itself
for our consideration: whether the Government,
having injuriously administered its right of lien,
and its power over this merchandise, so that the
apparent and legitimate lien of other parties was
injured, should not in equity be held responsible
for the loss sustained thereby.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time, and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
The question being on its passage,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have agreed
that the yeas and nays shall be called on the pas-
sage of the bill.
Mr. BURNETT. I propose to the gentleman
to let the vote first be taken by division, without
calling the yeas and nays. Then, if any gentle-
men wish it, we can have the yeas and nays.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Very well.
The question was taken by division; and the
Speaker declared that the " ayes'* had it.
Mr. BURNETT. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 84, nays 48; as follows:
YEAS — Messrj. Charles F. Adam?, Adraui, Aldiieh,
Allen, Ashley, Babbitt, Dmjrham, Blair, Biabson, Drayton,
Bnggs, Duffi-nton, IJuicli, Butterfieid, Catter, John Coch-
rane, CoKax, Covodc, Cox, James Craig* Cniry, Delano,
Duell, Dunn, Edgeiton, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Ferry, Flor-
ence, Foster, Fiankj(iooch, llalo, Hall, Jlatton, Ilchmck,
Howard, Ilughos, Ilutehin^, Fianeis \\ . Kdlogg, William
Kellogg, DeWitt C. Leach, Looim<, Marion, Charles D.
Martin, Maynaid, Mcknight, Merhei on,Mooihead, Mor-
rill, Mor&e, Nelson, NoclJ, 1'ettit, Porter, Potter, Pottle,
Ricc, Chi i&topher Robinson, Royce, Schwaitz, Scott, Slier-
man,' SpauUl 1115,Spinner,Amnion, Stout,Tappan.Theaker,
Tompkins, Tumble, Van Wyck, Waldron, Walton, Cad-
waiaderC. Washburn, ElhhuB. Washbume, Israel Wash-
burn, YVebster, Wells, Wilson, Wmdoin, Woodruff, and
Woodi-on—84.
NAYS —Messrs. Thomas L. Anderson, Ashmorc, Branch,
BrKtow, Burnett, Carey, John R. Clark, CJopton, Cot)b,
Conkling, Curry, Edmundson, Garnett, Gartrell, Gilmer,
Hardeman, John T. Hams, Ilmdman, Hoard, Uolman,
Houston, Humphrey, Jackson, Jones, Lanabec, Love,
Mallory, Elbert S. Martin, MeCieinand, Millsoti, Mont-
gomery, Laban T. Moore, Sydenham Moore, Niblack,
Pryor, i'ugh, Quarles, Reagan, James C. Robm&on, Ruffin,
Wtlliam Smith, Stallworth, Steven^, Stevenson, Stokes,
Thomas, Uudenvood, and Vance—48.
So the bill was passed.
During the vote,
Mr. ASHMORE stated that Mr. Keitt was
paired olf with Mr. Stevens, of Pennsylvania,
and Mr. Bonham with Mr. Olin\
Mr. BRANCH said: I ought to state that Mr.
Burlingame was called out of the House to-day,
and I agreed to pair with him on all questions of
a political character that might come up. Not
considering this question a political one, I have
voted myself. But I ought to make this statement
in justice to Mr. Burlixgame. It is on political
questions that we are paired.
Mr. CRAWFORD stated that Mr. Farxs-
worth having been called away from the Hall on
some necessary business, hud asked him to pair
off with him. That was the reason why lie [Mr.
Crawford] did not vote on this bill. If he had
voted he should have voted u no."
Mr. CURTIS said: I have paired off on politi-
cal questions. I do not know whether this is one
ornot. [Laughter,and cries of "Oh no!"] Then
I vote " ay."
Mr. DUNN stated that Mr. Kilgore was
paired off with Mr. Taylor.
Mr. VAN WYCIC stated that Mr. Graham
was paired with Mr. Dimmick.
Mr. FRANK stated that Mr. Kenton was
paired.
Mr. OLIN moved to dispense with the reading
of the names.
Mr. BRANCH. I object. This is on the
passage of a bill, and the names should be read.
The vote was then announced, as above re-
corded.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by which th£ bill was passed;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. THEAKER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that he had examined, and
found truly enrolled, bills of the following titles;
when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (C. C. No. 12) for the relief "of Moses
Noble;
An act (C. C. No. 82) for the relief of Charner
T. Scaife, administrator of Gilbert Stalker;
An act (C. C. No. 92) for the relief of Mariano
G. Vallejo;
An act (C. C. No. 93) for the relief of Lydia
Frazee, widow and administratrix of John frra-
zee, late of the city of New York;
An act (C. C. No. 96) for the relief of William
Geiger; and •
An act (H. R. No. 243) for the relief of the
legal representatives of Charles Porterfield, de-
ceased.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. James Buchanan, his
Private Secretary, informing the House thafhe
had approved and signed an act for the relief of
the legal representatives of Robert H. Morris, late
postmaster of the city of New York; and a joint
resolution constituting Macon, Georgia, a port of
entry for the time being, for the purposes therein
specified, and for other purposes.
JOHN SONDLES.
Mr. GARTRELL. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I ask the gentle-
man from Georgia to withdraw his motion for an
instant.
Mr. GARTRELL. I will do so.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. There wasa private
bill before us yesterday (H. R. No. 312) granting
a pension to John Sondlcs, and I objected to it.
With a view to corrcct, if possible, the injustice
I then perpetrated, I move to discharge the Com-
mittee of the Whole House from the further con-
sideration of that bill, and to have it put upon its
passage now. •
Mr. BURNETT. I do not recollect the case;
but the gentleman ought not to have objected un-
less he had good reason for his objection; and if
he had, he certainly ought not to come back now
and ask to have the committee discharged.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I misunderstood the
case.
Mr. GARTRELL. I renew my motion to ad-
journ.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
four o'clock and fifteen minutes, p. m.) the House
adjourned till Monday.
IN SENATE.
Monday, Jipril 9,1860. ' j
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley. |
The Journal of Saturday last was read and !
approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a leportof Captain W. B. Franklin, in charge
of the Capitol extension, made in compliance with
a resolution of the Senate, on the feasibility and
expense of moving the Senate Chamber from its
present position, so that it will take in the win-
dows on the north end or east or west side of the
Capitol; which was ordered to Jic on the table,
and a motion of Mr. Hale to print it was re-
ferred to the Committee on Printing.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a letter of the chief clerk of the Court of
Claims, communicating, in compliance with a res-
olution of the Senate, the papers in the casaof
Augustus Steele; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bills, in which
the concurrence of the Senate was requested:
A bill (No. 313) granting a pension to Abra-
ham Crum;
A bill (No. 314) for the relief of Emma A.
Wood, widow of the late Brevet Major George
W. F. Wood, of the United States Army;
A bill (No. 319) granting a pension to Major
John F. Hunter;
A bill (No. 318) for the relief of Andrew E.
Marshall;
A bill (No. 320) for the relief of the heirs of
Rev. James Craig, deceased;
A bill (No. 342) for the relief of James Phelan;
A bill (No. 344) for the relief of the legal rep-
resentatives of Sylvester Day, late a surgeon m
the United States Army; #
A bill (No. 346) for the relief of the legal rep-
resentatives of P. P. Hall, deceased;
A bill (No. 349) for the relief of Peter Roger-
son & Son, of St. John's, Newfoundland, owners
of the British brig Jessie; and
A bill (No. 317) for the relief of Smith & Hunt,
of Toledo, Ohio.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the bill of the Senate (No. 78) for the
relief of Francis Huttmann, with an amendment,
in which the concurrence of the Senate was re-
quested.
Also, that the House had passed the following
bills of the Senate:
A bill (No. 89) for the relief of Tench Tilgh-
man; and
A bill (No. 136) for the relief of Thomas Fille-
brown.
The message further announced that the Houso
had ordered, on Saturday last, the 7th instant, at
twelve o'clock and fifty-six minutes, the printing
of a letter from the Secretary of the Treasury, in
answer to a resolution of the House calling for a
memoir and charts of Mississippi sound, and for
information relative to appropriations for naval
and mftitary defenses of the Gulf coast of Missis-
sippi.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. BROWN. I received from Dr. Charles
B. New, of Mississippi, a series of resolutions
which he represents to have passed and been
adopted by a convention held at Nashville, on the
10th of October, 1859. Dr. New was a prominent
member of that body. The convention was called
for the purpose of taking into consideration the
grievances of southern planters, especially the
navigation of the Mississippi river, and the proper
means for preventing the overflows that annually
occur on that strdam. Dr. New requests me to
have these resolutions referred to a select commit-
tee. I must decline complying with that request,
and ask the Senate to receive the resolutions and
communication, and I move to refer them to the
Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FITZPATRICK presented the petition cf
Archibald G. Campbell, praying to be allowed to
enter the northwest quarter of section thirty, in
township eighteen, range nineteen,in the old Ca-
hawba, now the Greenville, land district, in the
State of Alabama, at $1 25 per acre, or to take it up
with a "bounty land warrant; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CAMERON presented a petition of mem-
bers of the Senate of Pennsylvania, praying that
a pension be granted to Mrs. Mary Bennett, widow
of Captain Charles W. Bennett, late of the reve-
nue service; which was referred to the Committee
011 Pensions.
Mr. SEWARD presented testimonials in favor
of Captain George C. Stouffer, of the ship Ant-
arctic, for his gallant conduct in rescuing the offi-
cers and soldiers of the Army and other passen-
