1880.
THE CONGRESSIONAL
I propose to say a single word upon it. I will,
however, first hear the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, who, I believe, desires to say a word.
Mr. DAWES. I merely desire to say that I
think it is due to my colleague, while this amend-
ment is pending, that there should be no postpone-
ment. When there has been a vote upon tlia.t
ain"ndment,. the resolution may then be post-
poned, if gentlemen desire it, so far as I am con-
cerned.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Do you wish his name
inserted in the resolution?
Mr. DAWES. I do not; but I want a vote 0:1
the motion. 1 want to see who will put his name
on record for ccnsuring my colleague for saying
he would not violate the rules of the House.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I will say to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts that the same reason
which induces him to desire that there should be
a vote upoo the amendment might inducc gentle-
men on this side of the House to desire a vote
upon the resolution; butl think this question had
better be postponed until Monday. The House
will by that time be in a better temper, and both
these gentlemen will be in a better temper. The
question is in precisely the same condition in -ue-
* gard to one of these gentlemen that it is in regard
to the other; and the same reasons which induce
the friends of one gentleman to desire a vote also
apply with equal force to the other side; but I
think it is better that the matter should be post-
poned.
Mr. CARTER. What is the question before
the House ?
Mr. CRAWFORD. It is the motion to post-
pone.
Mr. CARTER. Is that motion debatable?
The SPEAKER. The motion itself is not in
older, except by unanimous consent, the main
question having been ordered.
Mr. CRAWFORD. The Chair is right. Iliad
forgotten that the main question had been ordered.
1 move to reconsider the vote by which the main
question was ordered.
Mr. HICKMAN. Did the gentleman vote 111
tile affirmative ?
Mr. CRAWFORD. If there was a iccord
made,! presume I voted in the negative, and will,
theiefore, withdraw the motion.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to say again, that while
the1 name of my colleague is proposed to be in-
cluded in this lesolution, I think it is due to him,
and to ins friends, when they desire it, thai, the
question should be settled whether he is to be in-
cluded in the vote of censure. After that is 1
* settled, if the gentleman from Alabama, or his \
friends, desire time to consider the question i
whether tie is dcserv-nig the censure of the House,
1 mil wiiiing to give him time, so fiiraa 1 am con-
cerned. I spe.ik only for myself.
Mt. COTELER.. I meve to reconsider the vote
by which the mam question was ordered. I voted
in the affirmative, and have, therefore, a right to
niak" the motion.
1 desire to suy that I think this whole contro-
versy is unprofitable,and Idesire toseeitbrought
to a close.
Mi. HICKMAN. I move to lay the motion
to ,'econsider on the table.
Mr. WINSLOW. I call for the yeas and nays
upon ih.it motion.
Jlr. COLFAX. I insist, if gentleman are de-
termined to make these filibustering motions,
th-it ti Hers shall be ordered on'every call for the
yeas and nays; and I now caH for tellers.
Tellers we're ordered; and Messrs. Adrain and
Colfax were appointed.
The tellers reported—ayes thirty-eight.
Mi. CURRY. I insist that both sides shall
be counted.
Mr. COLFAX. The Constitution provides
that one fifih can oultvr the yeas and nays.
M; CURRY, llow can the Speaker tell that
one fifth has voted for the yeas and nays, unless
the ljoLwe is divided?
The SPEAKER. The yeas and nays are or-
dered.
Mi. CURRY. My desire is to accommodate
the gentleman from Indiana.
AIi. PHELPS. I move that the House do
now jdjo.irn.
Mr. RUFF1N demanded tellers.
Telle 13 were ordered; and Messrs. Washburn,
of Maine, and Bark were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 38, noes 73.
The SPEAKER. The House refuses to ad-
journ.
Mr. KEITT. There is no quorum present;
and we cannot proceed without a quorum.
Mr. WINSLOW. It is obvious, from the last
vote, that there is no quorum present; and I there-
fore move that there be a call of the House, and
on that motion I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. There cannot
be a call of the House while the main question is
pending. The rules prevent it.
Mr. FLORENCE. I demand the yeas and
nays 011 the motion to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The motion to adjourn has
been decided in the negative,
Mr. KEITT. There was no quorum present
011 that vote.
The SPEAKER. It does not require a quo-
rum to adjourn.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. Will not this
be the first thing in order in the morning ?
The SPEAKER. It certainly will.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Is it not the
fij-st thing in order now ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Then I hope
we will go on with it, and dispose of it this even-
ing.
Mr. KEITT. I move that when the House
adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet on Monday
next.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. On that motion I
call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. WINSLOW. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw the call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I withdraw the
call. ,
Mr. FLORENCE, i have a question of higher
privilege,'winch I wish to submit to this House
at this time. I think that it will hold out an olive
branch. I have been vindictively assailed by two
members of this House. [Cries of "Order!"]
The question was taken; and the House refused
to adjourn over until Monday.
Mr. FLORENCE. I give notice that I will
call up my question of privilege as soon as I ran
get an opportunity. [Cries of " Order!" "Or-
der !"] I would like to tender it now, to pour oil
upon these bitter waters. [Cries of "Order!"
"Go on!"] When the House is vindicating it-
self, I want it to do the work fully.
Mr. HICKMAN. I call the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to order; and I insist that, under the
rules, he shall be required to take his seat.
Mr. FLORENCE I take my seat, giving no-
tice that i will call up my matter as soon as I can.
I intend to be vindicated from unjust aspersions.
Mr. WINSLOW. 1 move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. RUFFIN demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. COLFAX demanded tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Colfax and
Iveitt were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes 29, noes 84.
So the yeas and nays were ordered, (more than
one fifth voting 111 the affirmative.)
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 69, nays 90; as follows:
YEAS—MesM-.. Adiain, Allen, Avery, Barr,
lioenek, Doiilimn, Hoteler, lioice, Bris™", Burnett, Horace.
P. Claik, John 1!. Claik, Ciepton. Cobb, John Cochrane,
Colfax. Col-Will, llurtmi Cran;.'. Ciawlonl. Dimimek, F.il
niuiKlton, lluali.-h, Florence, Oarnett, Garlrell, John T.
Flams, Hill. Jloinian, nubile*, Jciikiri>, Jones, Kent, La-
mar. Laiulitun. Lfciui, Love, Maei:i\, .MctAilren, ^Icftae,
Mlle^, Mont^oi'nen , wl 'iil^ui 1 Moore, iMiwaui JoyMor-
ii-s \ihiaelV*vle'i — Phc!p-, Prioi. l'uirli, Uu.irles Itea-
,'i>n James c. Robm-on. Uultin. cielnvariz. Simms,
Siiiileum, William X. ll.tfnulh, Stailwortli, SteveiibOn,
! J,line.- A. rlrnwan. Thoma-, Cr.deiwoo.l, Vance,
i Wrb-tei, Wh.telei. Wimlo.v. and \Vti«!it—09.
i NAY;-' Mi's;r-. Chaile-. P. Adam.-. Giecn Adams, Aifi-
nch. Alley. William (J. At:de:-nn. A-he 5 . IU ale, Bindiam,
lllak ■ lloiilisi.y. Ilrab^on, IJiauon, lliiatow, Bufiililoi!,
liin'lm'eani,', flu'inham, lintteitield, Campbell, Caiey, Car-
ter Covorie, Dawe.-, JJiifil, IMseiton, Eliot, Faiii^nmth,
Fento'j.Feiiv.Fo-iei, I-'i.mk. i'n neb, Oilmo.Giiocli.Gra-
hfim, G">\v, U.nlei, Ila.Jem.ni. flat ton, IleimicK. llic.i-
man, WilliJm fl-nvanl-, Wil.iam A. ilou.ird, Humpliie),
Irvine. Will. 1111 Kelio.™, Ue,i\ on. DeWitt C. Leach, Jaine.s
.M. Leach, Lee, Lii'iau-'ikei, Loonn.., Lovejoy, Mallory.
Marion. Mnynaui, MeKean. MeKmslit. McPi.er.-on >.ili-
son, Moornead. Moudi, \eUon. i'eny, Fcttit, 1 ertei,
rotter, Fotlle, Kcynokh., Jtiee, Cimstophei llobinsou,
Itoyce, Sherman, Spaulding, Spinner, Stanton, K.tOriCo,
Stratton, Tappato/Theakerj Torfr^kins,' Trimble, Vandc-
ver, Van, Wyck, Verree, WaMrony- Ellilm Bv WaShhGrfte,
Israel Washburn, Wells, Winetoia, and Woodruff—90,
So':the House refused to adjourn. * : ~
* During the vote, v;
Mr. CURRY stated that he was paired rfor the
day with Mr. Hoard.
Mr. THOMAS stated that Mr. Davidson was
paired with Mr. Thayer. 4
Mr. ADRAIN said: lam satisfied that wecan-
not have a vote' on the resolution this evening-;
and I change ray vote, and vote.in the affirmative.
The vote was announced as.above recorded.
The question recurred on the motion to' lay
upon the table the motion to reconsider the vote
by which the main question'was ordered to be
put.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 86, nays 61; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. CiiarJcs P. £dams, £|-een Adams, Ad-
ram, Ahlrtcl), Alley, William V. Anderson, Ashley, flab-
bitt, Bingham, Hlako, Brayton, Brisfow, BtMfLnton, Burfffi-
game, Burnharn, Butterfieid, Campbell, Carey, Carter,
Colfax, Gorwin, Covode, H. Winter Davis, Dawes, De-
lano, Duel!, Dunn, Cdserton, "Edwards, Eliot, Femdn,
Ferry, Foster, Frank, French, Oiltfier, Gooch, Grafrsftn,
Giow, Gurley, J.Morrison Harris, Ilcimicfc, VPIlliam A.
llowaid, Humphrey, Irvine. William Kellogg, Kcn>on,
DeWitt O. Leach, James M. Leaciv, Dec, Longnecker,
Loom is, Lovi-joj, Marston, Maynard.McICfan, McKiueht,
MePherson, Montgomery, Mooriiead, Morrill, Nelson, Nih-
laek, Perry, Pettit, Porter, Potter, Rice, Christopher Rob-
inson, ltoyec, Sheunan, Spauldmg, Spinner, fckokes, Strat-
ton, Tampan, Tompkins, Trimble, Vandever, Van Wyck,
Vein'o, Waldion, Eililm'B. Was=hburnc,Israel W7ashbum,
Wells, Windum, and Woodruff— 86.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Avery, Barksdale, Barr, Boc'oek,
Bonham, Hotelr.r, Boullgay, Boyee, Ura^on. Bnggs, Bureh,
Burnett, John B.Clark, Clopton, Cobb, J obit Cochrane,
Buiton Craige, Crawford, Dimi'nick,'CMniu'nrtsOn, Gartrell,
Hardeman. John T. Hani*, Hatton, Hill, Ilolman,-Hughes,
Jackson, Jenkins, Jones. Koitt, Lamar, Lopan, Love,
Maelii}, MeUuouii, MiIps, Million, Sydenham Moore. Pey-
ton, Phelp^.'Piign, Clunrle4*. Reagan, Riygs, James C. Rob-
iiihon, Uuffin, Schwaitz, SimmSingleton, WTilliani N.H.
SinitSi, Stalhvortli, Stevenson, Jame? A. Stewart, Thomas,
Underwood, Vance, Webster, Wmslow, and Wright—61.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
During the vote,
Mr. MONTGOMERY stated thathis colleague,
Mr. Florence, was paired for the day with his
other colleague, Mr. Hickman.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE stated that Mr. Lan-
diujm was paired with Mr. Stanton.
Mr. MALLORY stated that he was paired
with Mr. Clauk, of iSew York.
Mr. McRAE stated that he was paired with
Mr. Reynolds.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania, stated that he
was paired with Mr. Love.
Mr. WINSLOW stated that Mr. Piiyor was
paired with Mr. Moore, of Kentucky.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. MILLSON. Mr. Speaker, 1 wish to have
the attention of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Sherman.] Tim occurrences of this morning must
have been a subject of regret with all the mem-
bers of the House. I am sure that, upon calm
reflection, no one can regret moic than my friend
from Alabama [Mr. Houston] the breach of order
into which he was betrayed. I do not propose
to say one word in illustration of the circum-
stances which induced this violation of the de-
corum of the House. I have known the gentle-
man from Alabama long enough to be satisfied
that he must feel assured that it is due, not only
to this body but to himself, that he should say
to the House that he regrets any violation of its
rules. I fear, sir, that a false pride^may have
more to do with the delay in making this acknowl-
edgment than any other consideration; nnd I fuel
assured—nay, I may speak evenmore positively,
and say I have no doubt—that if the gentleman
from Ohio will withdraw the resolution which be
introduced this morning, for the purpose of allow-
ing the gentleman from Alabama to address the
House, a solution of this question will be found
which will be compatible with the dtgmty of this
body, and with the honor of the gentleman impli-
cated bv the resolution. Will the gentleman
accede to my proposition5
Mr. SHERMAN. I certainly would not vote
for a resolution of cenyute in the face of an ex-
planation or an apolngy made by the gentleman
sough( ro be censured; nor do 1 feel disposed to
Lt this tesolution before the House stand as a
bar to prevent an explanation on,the purtof the
gentleman front Alabama. On the declaration of
