1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
*
ventilating, gas and wator apparatus of the north wing of
the Capitol, shall hp under the control of, and shall receive
directions from, the Sergeant-at-Arms of the Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. Let it lie over.
Mr. BRIGHT. The Senator from Virginia
asks that the resolutions may he over. I will
send to the Secretary the papers in the case, that
they may be called up together.
Tfhe resolution lies over under the rules.
INVASION OF STATES.
Mr. HUNTER. If there be no further morn-
ing business, before the debate commences on the
order of the day I ask to be allowed, by general
consent, to call up the resolution of the Senator
from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,] in order to make
it the special order for Tuesday next. I desire to
speak to that resolution. I do not wish to inter-
fere with the debate of to-day, or with the Sena-
tor from Tennessee, [Mr. Nicholson,] who will
probably wish to speak on Monday. If, then,it
be the pleasure of the Senate, I should like to call
up that resolution in order to postpone it until
half past one o'clock on Tuesday next.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the following resolution, offered by the
Senator from Illinois, will be considered as before
the Senate:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to report a bill for tlie protection of cacli State and
Territory of the Union against invasion by the authorities
or inhabitants of any other State or Territory; and for the
suppression and punishment of conspiracies or combina-
tions, in any Slate 01 Territory, with intent to invade, as-
sail, or molest the government, inhabitants, propeity, or
institutions of any other State or Teiritoiy of the Union.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to postpone the fur-
ther consideration of the resolution, and make it
the spccial order for half past one o 'clock on Tues-
day next.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask the Senator from Virginia
whether he has any particular preference to speak-
ing on that resolution >
Mr. HUNTER. I have. I prefer that to the
other resolution.
Mr. DAVIS. Before postponing it, I have one
or two remarks to make in relation to that resolu-
tion.
Mr. HUNTER. If the Senator objects, I will
not press the motion.
Mr. DAVIS. No, I do not object to your post-
poning it. I am perfectly willing that you should
speak upon it; but I wish to make one or two re-
marks in relation to the resolution before it is
postponed.
Mr. President, I must confess myself rather at
a loss to perceive the object of the resolution. Be-
fore the resolution was introduced, the Senate had
ordered a select committee to examine into the
facts of the Harper's Perry raid, and surely with
a view to determine what legislation was neces-
sary. Whilst this select committer! was engaged
in its investigation, the Senator from Illinois in-
troduced a resolution to refer the question of enact-
ing laws upon that subject to the Committee on
the Judiciary; wherefore, I could not comprehend,
unless it was that the Senator intended to speak
to his own resolution. That end having been an-
swered, I (fo not see why it should be an}; longer
entertained. If it be the purpose of the Senate to
transfer the question from the selcct committee
which it has raised to the Committee 011 the Ju-
diciary, then the select committee ought to be
relieved and discharged. They are going on from
day to day, nearly every day in the week, engaged
in the investigation—investigation with a view to
the very point of what legislation is necessary;
which is a matter certainly to be determined bet-
ter after the facts have been ascertained than lie-
fore. It so happened on the: morning the Senator
from Illinois made his address on this resolution,
that I was engaged in the select committee, in-
quiring into the facts connected with tins Har-
per's Ferry raid; I therefore did not reach the
Senate until after he had commenced his remarks;
but this morning I learned from the printed report
of his remarks lie took a position which I deem it
proper at this early day to notice. The resolution
being before the Senate, the Senator, addressing
it, referred in the beginning of his address to a
correspondence between the Governor of Virginia
and the President of the United States. The Pres-
ident, he says, replied to the Governor of Virginia
on the 28th of November, and he quotes a single
sentence of that reply:
T am sit ;i In** tn {Uncover any ptorfxion in lite Consti-
tution or laws of tlic United States v.'hicii \youltl authorize
me to (take step«5 for this purpose."
The Senator inserts in brackets, " that is, to
preserve the peace between the States." He went
on to say:
" This announcement produced a profound impression
upon the public mmd, especially in the slaveholding States.
It was generally received and legardcd as an official and
authoritative announcement that the Constitution of the
United States confeis no power upon the Federal Govern-
ment to protect the several States of this Union against
invasion from the other States."
Now, sir, I deny that any such sensation was
created in my breast, or any one with whom I
communicated. I do not know that there is in the
length and breadth of the land one man who denies
the power of Congress to legislate for this pur-
pose. The injustice which the Senator, however,
does to the Executive of the United States, is in
presenting him in the Attitude of denying that the
Federal Government has any power to protect the
several States of this Union against invasion from
other States. The answer of the President was,
that he had no power, under the Constitution or
laws of the United States, to perform that which
Governor Wise requested. What did Governor
Wise request? That combinations in the other
States, organized with a view to invade Virginia
to rescue a criminal from execution, should be
broken up. That the position of the President
may be exactly understood, 1 will send to the Sec-
retary's desk the President's letter and that of the
Governor of Virginia, and ask that they be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Richmond. Virginia, November 25,1859.
Sir: I have information from various quarters, upon which
I rely, that a conspiracy, of formidable extent in means and
numlxM*, is foimod in Ohio, Pennsylvania, Now York, and
other States, to rescue John Iliown and hH associates, pris-
oner atUharlestown, Viieuua. Thomfoimationis specific
enough to be leliable. it convinces me that an attempt
will be made to rescue the prisoneis: and ifthat f«itKjthen
to seize citizens of this Stale as hostages and victims in
case of execution. The execution will take place next
Friday, as eeitain a« Virginia can and will enloieo her laws
I have been obliged to call out one thousand men, who arc
now under arms, and if necessaiy shall call out the whole
available foice of the State tocairy into eileet the {sentence
of our laws on the 2d and 16th ptovimo Places m Main-
land, Ohio, and Pennsylvania, have been occupied as de-
pots and rendezvous bj' these desperadoes, unobstiucted
by guards or otherwise, to invade tins State ; and wc are
kept in continual apprehension of outrages from fire and
rapine on our borders, f apprise you of these facts m order
that you may take steps to preserve pcace between the
State*. I protect that my purpose is peaceful, and that I
disclaim all threats when I say, with all the mightof mean-
ing, that if another invasion assails th is State or its citizens,
from any quarter, f will puisuethe invaders whereverthey
may go, into any territory, and punish them wherever aims
can reach them. I shall send copies ol this to the Govern-
or ofM.tivlaiid, Ohio, and Pennsylvania.
With du.> t "pect and consideration, votirs trulv,
HENRY A. WIRE.
To his Excellency, James Buchanan,
Provident of the United States.
Washington City, November 28, 1859.
Sir: I icceived, on yesterday, youi favoi of the 25th in-
stant, stating that you have lecejved information from va-
lious quarteis, on winch you rely, " that a conspitaey, of
foiimdable extent in means and numbers, is ioimed m Ohio,
Pennsylvania, New York, and other States, to lescuc John
Brown and his associates, prisoners at Charlc-town, Vir-
ginia.The information, > ou believe, is •' specific enough
to be lettable;"' and you are convinced "that an attempt
will be made to rescue the prisoner, and, if that fails, thru
to seize citizens of this State (Vngmia) as hostages and
victims in case of execution.''
You do not communicate the facts on which j'our con-
victions are founded; in the absence of which, it would
seem almost incredible that any poinon of the people ot the
States mentioned should be guilty ot the atrocious wicked-
ness, as well as folly, of attempting to rescue convicted
tiaitois and murdereisfrom the penalty due to their amies
under the outraged laws of Vngima. \ ou express entne
confidence, m which i heaitily participate, that the noble
old Commonwealth i« abundantiv able and willmgto cairv
her own iaws into execution. Had this been otherwise,
and had jou, a<> the Governor ot Virginia, (the Legislature
not now being in s-e^Mon,) made application to me foi the
aid which the Constitution and laws ot the United States
would enable me to afi'oitL this should have been chccifullj*
and cordially granlcd. Stil), theie is one measuie which,
; on the piosuinption that join information i-s well lounded,
; it is both my l'Uht and my duty to adopt—-that h, to leinforee
'< the guaid already stationed at Haiper's Feiry. This may
j become nece.-.-aiy. not onlv to pioteet the public property
' cleailv within Fedeial junsdiction, but to prevent the itisur-
l gents from seizing the aims in the arena! at that place, and
; Using them agulmt the troops of Vngmia. Besides, it is
I pos-'iblo tiie additional troops may be required to aet as a
! posse c07,ritatus} on the requisition of the maishal of the
! United States tor the western district of Virginia, to pre-
j vent the ics-eue of Stevens, now in his custody, charged
with the crime of high treason. I have, therefore, as a pre-
cautionary measure, directed the Secretary of War to oider
two companies of artillery to proceed immediately fiom
Fortiess Monroe to Harper's Ferry.
You also inform me that u places in Maryland, Ohio, and
Pennsylvania have been occupied as depots amirejidez^ons?
by these desperadoes, unobstructed by guardg or othferwlsej
to invade" Virginia; and you apprise me of these 'focts in
order that i " may take steps to preserve .peace between
the States." I am at a loss to discover any pro vision in the
Constitution or laws ■of the United states which u-owiri au-
thorize me to " takesteps" for this purpose. Itis, doubtless,
the imperative duty of the respective State governments to
break up such depots, and to prevent then* citizens fiom
making incursions Into Virginia to disturb its peace or pre-
vent the execution of its laws. If the Federal Executive,
however, were to enter those States, and perform this duty
for them, it would be a manifest usurpation of their rights.
Were I thus to act, it would be a palpable invasion of State
sovereignty, and, as a precedent, might prove highly 9an-
gerous. My authority for calling out the militia, or employ-
ing the Army and Navy, Is derived exclusively fiom the
acts of Congress of the 28th Fehruary, 1795, and the 3d
March, 1807, which, clearly, do not embrace such a case a*
is now presented. It will not be pretended that such incur-
sions fiom one State into another would he an invasion of
the United States "from, anyforeisn nationor Indian tribe™
under the act of February, 1795, rendering it lawful for the
President to employ the Federal forces " to repel such in-
vasion."
fn conclusion, I beg to express the hope that, whether
the information you have received be founded in truth or
not, the energetic measures already adopted under your.di-
rcction w ill prove sufficient for any emergency that may
occui. Yours, very respectfully,
jambs buohanan:
To his Excellency I1e\ry A. Wisp,
Governor of Virginia, Richmond, Virginia.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, surely it will not
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is the duty of
the Chair to call up the special order at this hour,
[half past one o'clock.]
Mr. DAVIS. I move to postpone the consid-
eration of the special order for a few moments.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the Senator from Mississippi will procecd.
Mr. DAVIS. I shall occupy but very little
time. In the letter of the President, which has
just been road, it must be appaient to every oik;
that lie did not deny the power of the Fedeial
Government to pass any laws which misfit be
necessary to preserve peace between the States.
He said the Constitution and laws of the United
States did not confer upon him the power to do
that which Governor W ise sought. The Consti-
tution confencd no power on the President to call
out the militia in any case. The clause of the
Constitution quoted by the Senator from Illinois
conferred that power upon the Congress. Our
fathers, when they framed this Government, cast
from them the rubbish of past ages, exploded the
idea of the Divine right of the agents of Govern-
ment, and recognized the sovereignty of the peo-
ple from whom was derived the great functions
which belong to the constitutional Government of
the United States. They did not give the President
the power to call outthemilitia. They invested the
President with no discretion as to when he would
! use his power to preserve peace between the States.
It was the wise policy of the men who framed this
Government to fetter their agents, to give them
the least possible discretion, and leave all the re-
siduary power in the hands of the people of the
United states. Tiie Executive, therefore, from
the Constitution, derhed no power in relation
to this subject. Congress possessed the power
of calling out the militia to repel invasion and
suppress insurrection. Congress delegated to the
President so much as the Congress chose the Exec-
utive to exercise. The President, therefore, prop-
erly refers to the acts of Congress from which he
derheshis authority—the acts of 1795 and 1807;
the one conferring the power for the militia, the
other for the Army andNatfy of the United States.
Under those laws the President possesses just so
much power as Congress gave him—no more;
aud those laws, to use the language which he
quotes, are to prevent invasion from an Indian
tribe, or from a foreign Power. If there had been
insurrection within the State of Virginia, he said,
the Legislature not being hi session, and it not
being possible to convene it in time, and the Ex-
ecutive had called upon him, he would have used
the whole power which he possessed under tho
law; but the President said weli and wisely, as
became a States-rights man, he not only does not
possess the power to go into a State to discover
what illegal organization may there exist, but
that it was a power which would be dangerous in
its exercise if it were possessed.
I welcome, sir, the apprehensions of the Presi-
dent of the United States ;and never would I enact
a law which would clothe the Executive with the
power to call out the militia, to bring the Army
