2554
THE. CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
June 2,
the gentleman from Virginia, I willingly with-
draw my resolution temporarily, in order to en-
able the gentleman from Alabama to say what he
desires to say. At th(i same time, I will say that
1 have had no personal feeling in this matter. If
the resolution will make gentlemen hereafter more
cautious in debate, I will have accomplished a
good result.
Mr. COBB. It may be'proper, then, for me
to say that if the gentleman from Ohio withdraws
his resolution, I voluntarily withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. Speaker, there has
been no moment to-day since the occurrence of
themoming when I was not willing, as my friends
very well know, (if 1 had been permitted to enjoy
the rights that 1 thought I was entitled to under
the rules,) to have o(Tored reparation to the House
for any violation I may have committed of its
rules. But at once a proposition for a ccnsure
was presented; and while that resolution was pend-
ing I did not feel that I was at liberty to make
any statement whatever in relation to the trans-
action. I would have preferred, at any moment,
to have taken a ccnsure rather than to have made
an explanation, which otherwise I would have
promptly done.
Now, sir, I am free to say that the remarks
made by me this morning were made under cir-
cumstances of momentary excitement; and, in the
language of the gentleman from Virginia, I am
quite as willing to say that, so far as they show a
want of respect for the House, I regret it. I would
not purposely show a want of such respect; and I
have no false pride that would prevent me from
making proper reparation if I thought I had erred.
And in that view of the case, I desire to make this
explanation to the House, for having been led into
a violation of its rules.
Mr. SHERMAN. I regard the explanation
made by the gentleman from Alabama as satisfac-
tory; and therefore, with the leave of the House,
I withdraw my resolution.
No objection being made, the resolution was
withdrawn.
And then, on motion of Mr. ADRAIN, (at four
o'clock and forty-five minutes, p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, June 2, 1860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask the Senate to take
up (he hill (S. No. IG8) that was partly finished
yesterday morning, and which, I think, may bo
disposed of now in a short time. I move to take
it ur,.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (8. No. 168)
to amend an act entitled u An act to ascertain and
settle private land claims nf the State of Califor-
nia," passed the 3d of March, 1851.
Mr. FITCH. I desire to make a report, if
there be no objection.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well. The bill being
taken up, i will allow morning business to be
received for a short time.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION:
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of War, in answer to
a resolution of the Senate calling for information
in relation to the sale of the Fort Sin'lling reser-
vation; which was ordered to lie on the table.
REPORT OF A COMMITTEE.
Mr. FITCH, from the Committee on Printing,
to whom was referred a motion to print a report
of the Secretary of the Interior, communicating,
m compliance with a resolution of the Senate,
copies of certain papets in reference to Jacob
Hall's mail route preemption case, reported in
favor of printing the usual number; winch was
agreed to.
PROTECTION OF PROPERTY.
Mr. BRIGHT. 1 desire to report a bill from
the Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds;
and I ask that it bo read twice.
The bill (S. No. 488) in relation to malicious
injuries to, and trespass upon, public and private
property within the District of Columbia, was
read twice by its title.
Mr. BRIGHT. I would be glad if the Senator
from Maine would allow me to have the bill put
on its passage. I am sure it will take no time. It
is short.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I make no objection.
Mr. IVERSON. I desire toy withdraw some
papers. ["Agreed!"]
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. IVERSON, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw from the
file4? of the Senate the petition of Charles Taylor, of Vic-
toria countv, Texas, foi compensation for services rendered
and supplies advanced to the United States at Chicago, Il-
linois, during the Black Hawk war in 1S32.
GENERAL TOTIJKN'S IMPORT.
Mr. DAVIS submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, Thatthe Secretary of War communicate to tiie
Senate the report of lirevetBiigadicrGeneral J. G.Totten,
chief engineer, of his late reconnoissance of the Pacific
eoast of the United States.
PROTECTION OF PROPERTY.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I cannot consent to so
much overlapping. If merely formal business is
received while the bill is before the Senate, I do
not object; otherwise, I must insistupon going on
with the bill, for I do not wish to lose time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is a bill be-
fore the Senate by a vote of the body. By unan-
imous consent, the bill of the Senator from Indi-
ana was allowed to be considered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There was unanimous
consent for that bill, but there was no further con-
sent for anything else.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The only business
in order, except by unanimous consent, is to read
the bill introduced by the Senator from Indiana.
Mr. BRIGHT. I will state, in as few words as
possible, the necessity for the passage of this bill;
and if there be any objection, I shall withdraw
the request for its present consideration.* As the
law now stands, the district criminal court only
has jurisdiction of the class of offenses intended
to be punished by it; consequently, many acts of
willful trespass go unpunished..
The attention of the committee that report this
bill has been specially called to the subject by a
correspondence between the Commissioner of
Public Buildings and Grounds and the Secretary
of the Interior; the former representing to the
latter that one of the squares or circles containing
statuary had been so trespassed upon as to render
it necessary to employ a watchman, and asking
authority to do so, which was granted for the
time being; and a recommendation from both of
these officers lias been sent to the committee that
report this bill, in favor of legislation, independ-
ent of the reasons given by these officers, which
I deem quite sufficient for urging the passage of
a law on this subject. There have been various
appeals from other quarters entitled to considera-
tion. That a law of this kind is demanded for
the protection of property in the District, public
and private, no one at all acquainted with the
condition of things here will deny. The penal-
tics imposed for the offenses described are those
usual in most of the States;and the bill proposed
derives its chief value from the facilities it affords
for reaching offenders. It gives to justices of the
peace the power, subject to appeai to the court,
that, under the law as it now stands, has exclu-
sive jurisdiction.
The bill was read. It provides that every
person who shall willfully and maliciously, or
wantonly and without cause, in the District of
Columbia, cut down or destroy, or by girdling,
lopping, or otherwise, injure any fruit or other
tree, not his own, standing or growing for shade,
ornament, or other useful purpose, or shall mali-
ciously destroy, mutilate, or otherwise injure any
statuary,monument, or other work of art, stand-
ing or being on land not his own, or shall mali-
ciously bicak down or injure any fence inclosing
or belonging to another's land, or shall maliciously
sever from the freehold of another any product
|j thereof,oranythmgattached thereto,shall be pun-
|i ished by impusormicnt in jail not more than tlncu
months, or by a fine not exceeding $100. It also
provides that every person who, in the District,
without color of right, shall willfully commit any
trespass, by cuttfing clown or destroying any tim-
ber or wood standing on the land of another, or
by carrying away any kind of timber or wood cut
down or lying on such land, or by digging up or
carrying away any stone, ore, gravel, clay, sand,
turf,or mold,from such land, or any roots,fruit,
or plant there being, or by cutting down or car-
rying away any grass, hay, grain, or corn, stand-
ing or being on such land, shall be punished by
imprisonment in fail not more that sixty days, or
by a fine not exceeding sixty dollars.
It further provides that every person who, in
the District, without color of right, shall willfully
commit any trespass by entering upon the garden,
orchard, or other improved land of another, with
intent to cut, take, carry away, destroy, or injure
the trees, grain, grass, hay, fruit, or vegetables
there growing or being, shall be punished by an
imprisonment in jail not more than forty days, or
by a fine not exceeding fifty dollars.
Justices of the peace are to have exclusive
original jurisdiction in all cases mentioned in the
act, saving, however, to any party convicted be-
fore a justice the right to a trial by jury, on his
appeal to the criminal court.
Mr. HALE. I would prefer that the bill should
lie over. It seems to me that some of its features
arc* most ferocious. It makes a mere trespass
upon any inclosure a criminal offense, and throws
down the distinction which has been maintained
by the common law forever between a felony and
a trespass. I wish it to lie over until to-morrow,
that I may look into it.
Mr. BRIGHT. Of course, as the consideration
of the bill is objected to, it must lie over; but I
will say that it is not subject to the objection made
by the Senator from New Hampshire. The object
of the bill, as I have stated, is mainly to confer
upon justices of thcpeaco the power of punishing
these petty offenses. However, I will call it up
again on Monday.
Mr. HALE. I move that the bill lie on the
table for the present.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a bill (No. 804) providing for
the punishment of marshals and deputy marshals
of the United States, or other ministerial officers,
for permitting the escape of prisoners m their
custody; in which the concurrence of the Senate
was requested.
BILL BECOME A LATV.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Buchanan", his Secretary, an-
nounced that the President approved and signed,
on the 1st instant, an act (S. No. 299) to increase
and regulate the pay of the Navy of the United
States.
CALIFORNIA LAND CLAIMS.
Several Senators addressed the Chair.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I must insist on the reg-
ular order of business. 1 cannot give way to
anything else.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is a hill be-
fore the Senate. Does the Senator from Maine
insist that it shall be considered?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then thd bill (S.
No. 168) to amend an actentitled "An act to ascer-
tain and settle private land claims in the State of
California,"* passed the 3d of March, 1851, is be-
fore the Senate, the pending question being on the
motion of the Senator from Iowa [Mr. Cthjmes]
to strike out the seventh section, which is in these
words:
Sro. 7. Jliul he it further enacted. That for the perform-
ance of ihe duties imposed by this net, and the actto which
tlu? is an amendment, then1 --hail be allowed to the judges
of the noi thern and southern di -ti /et-' ol California, a<< fol—
low.-: To the judge of the noithein d^ttiot Mieh a sum a?
will, when added in hr-^f'xetiand pcinianent >alaiy allowed
b\ law and leceived linn.make hi** compensation amount
to the '.inn ot $6,0!)!) pi'r .minim. and ^ueh additional com-
pensation to hi computed troin the 1-t day ot .lannaiy,
1S.V2: ami to the judjje of the r-outheni district such a :«uai
will, when added [o his fi\''d and poim.xnent .-ilaiy al-
lowed hy law ami iec( ived !r, hun make eompeiu-.Uion
amount to the Mini o' ueh eomuen-.Uion to be
eomputcd a.ui allowed ijom Use date ofhi- app'tmtmratto
>.aid oih.,-( . and to continu'"1 each tor two year-. no;n raid
I after the pa-^a^e of tlii^ act.
I Mr. HALE. I hopothatsection will 1 o stricken
j out. Ever since I have had the honor of a seat
[ here, this subject of the salaries of the district
