590
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
and the Navy, to invade a State to discover who
within that State had in his breast the purpose, at
some future day, to commit crime. If there be un-
lawful, treasonable organizations within a State,
it belongs to the State sovereignty to inquire and
to punish the offender. Why, sir, we are about
to forget that this is a Confederation, held together
by a great treaty; we arc about to forget that the
States united voluntarily under the Constitution,
and thus and to that extent only became a nation;
we are about to reduce it to a mere centralized
Govbrnmentff investing the Executive with a dis-
cretion which would crush all the power of the
States, and reduce the sovereignty of the States to
a merely nominal thing. It is true, the [Senator
from Illinois, in this criticism upon the President,
quotes another article of the Constitution:
"The United States shall guaranty to every State in this
Union a republican form of government, and shall protect
each of them against invasion, and on application of the
* Legislature or of the Executive (when the Legislature can-
not be convened) against domestic violence.""
I see no issue from this between the Senator and
the President, if he will construe his letter fairly.
The President never said the Federal Government
had not all the powers which are prescribed in the
Constitution. He used the personal pronoun—
he, the Executive of the United States, had not
powers beyond those which had been conferred
upon him by the two acts which ho recited. Who
can gainsay this? But it is upon this basis the
Senator informs us that
" The denial of the existence of such a power in the Fed-
eral Government has induced an inquiry among conserva-
tive men—men loyal to the Constitution and devoted to the
Union—as to what moans they have of piotection, if the
Federal Government is not authorized to piotect them
against external violence."
I trust, sir, that the " men loyal to the Consti-
tution and devoted to the Union," the 44 conserv-
ative men" who arc thus deeply concerned for the
safety of the Constitution, will look into the Con-
stitution which binds these States together; that
they will revert to the great principles upon which
that Constitution was founded; that they will re-
member tho rights of the people ,*the rights of the
States; that they will dispel their apprehension',
and that they will find, in the letter of the Presi-
dent, that ho has never denied the power of the
Federal Government; that he has never denied the
power of Congress to pass laws to carry out all
the provisions of the Constitution; never denied
his willingness to execute any law which Con-
gress might pass giving him the means to do what-
ever is needful and proper to preserve the peace
between the States.
It is proper for me, Mr. President, to say that
it is in no feeling of partisan warfare between the
Senator and the President, if such exists, that I
have made the explanation. It is in the deep in-
terest 1 feel for the preservation of sound princi-
ples, and tho restriction of the Federal Govern-
ment from striding over the sovereignties of the
States to usurp such centralizing powei, under
the promptings of a momentary expediency, as
would destroy the great charter of our liberty, and
rcducc the* people to that condition from which
they rose—the subjects of a Government not within
their own control.
Mr, DOUGLAS. I think, if the Senator from
Mississippi had carefully read my speech, he
would have found no necessity for vindicating the
President of the United States from any criticism
that I had made upon his letter, or from any issue
that I had made with the President growing out
of that letter. Certainly, in my speech, there is
no criticism upon the President, none upon his
letter, no issue made with him; on the contrary,
an express disclaimer of any such issue. I quoted
the paragraph from the President's letter in reply
to Governor Wise. The Governor of Virginia
had notified the President of the United States that
there were in existence, of which he had reliable
evidence, conspiracies and combinations in Ohio,
Pennsylvania, New York, and other States, to
invade the State of Virginia for the purpose uf
rescuing certain men convictcd of high crimes;
and that there were depots of arms anct places of
rendezvous fixed in the State of Maryland for
these desperadoes; and he communicated these
facts to the Presidentof the United States that he
might take steps to preserve peace between the
States. The President replies—I quoted his lan-
guage, and I will quote it again:
" I am at a loss to discover any provision in the Consti-
tution or latvs of the United States which would authorize ]
me to take steps for this purpose.5' [That is preserving the
pence between the States.]
The President was unable to discover any pro-
vision in the Constitution, or in the laws of the
United States, which would authorize him to in-
terfered After quoting that, I stated:
"This announcement produced a profound impression
upon the public mind, especially in the slaveholdmg States.
It was generally received and icgarded as an authoritative
announcement that the Constitution of the United States
confers no power upon the Fcdeial Ciovemment to protect
the several States of this Union against invasion from the
other States. J shall not stop to mquue wltethei the Pres-
ident meant to dcclaie that the existing laws confer no au-
thority upon him. oi that the Constitution empoweis Con-
gress to enact no'lavv:: which would authorize the Federal
interposition to protcet the States Jiom invasion."
My impression from reading the President's
letter was that he was inclined to the belief that
the Constitution confein.d no power upon the
Federal Government to intoifere. That was my
impression from his language; but still, it might
be that such was not the President's meaning, and
that he only wished to be understood as saying
that existing laws conferred no authority upon
him to interfere. Hence, in order to make no issue
with the President upon that subject, I stated,
I shall not stop to inquire whether he meant to be
understood as denying tho power ot Congress to
confer authority, or denying that the authority
was yet conferred. My simple object was to
obtain suitable legislation to redress similar evils
in the future; that if the present laws were not
sufficient—I believe there are none on the subject—
Congress ought tn enact suitable laws to the extent
that the Constitution authorized, to prevent these
invasions. I quoted it for the purpose of showing
the necessity of legislation by Congress. My
argument was founded upon that supposed neces-
sity. I proceeded to demonstrate that the Con-
stitution conferred the power on Congress to pass
laws neccssary and proper to protect the States,
and I called upon Congress to exercise that power.
I made no issue with the President. If he simply
meant to be understood as declaring that the ex-
isting laws do not confer the authority, I concur
with him. If he wished to be understood, when
he declared that he was at a loss to discover any
provision in the Constitution or laws of the United
States that conferred any such authority, that the
Constitution did not authoiize Congress to pass
such laws, then I should differ with him; but I
carefully avoided putting any construction upon
his language as to his meaning. If it meant one
thing, I differed with him; if it meant the other,
I agreed with him; but as my object was to dem-
onstrate the necessity for legislation, I confined
myself to an argument in favor of such legislation.
Now, sir, I respectfully submit that I made no
assault upon the President in connection with that
question; I had no such motive, as the Senator
seems to suppose, of a 2:>artisan issue between the
President and myself. I have no moie motive
for that than the Senator has, or than there is
between the Senator and myself. I think my
remarks clearly show that I was asking for prac-
tical legislation, simply for the purpose of exe-
cuting a plain provision of the Constitution.
But the Senator intimates that the legislation of
which I spoke would lead to an act of usurpation
that would endanger the rights of the States, and
yet goes on to prove that the President of the
United States docs not differ with me in regard to
that constitutional power. If the President agrees
with mc on that point, I am glad of it. If he dif-
fers with mc, it would not change my opinion
nor my actions; but I respectfully submit, when I
only propose such legislation as the Constitution
authorizes and requires, it is hardly fair to say
that that means an attack upon the sovereignty of
the States.
Mr. DAVIS. I would ask the Senator whether
he proposes legislation which will authorize the
Executive to go into a State to see whether there
is any combination of persons there with intent
to commit some illegal act.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The legislation that I pro-
pose on this point of combinations, which was
clearly explained in my speech, was this: that it
shall be proper for the grand juries of the United
States courts to indict all men who shall form
conspiracies or combinations to invade a State or
to disturb or molest its citizens, property, or in-
stitutions; and that it shall be proper for the petit
jury in tho United States courts, under the judge,
to try and convict the conspirators, and to punish
them by confinement in the penitentiaries or pris-
ons within the respective States where the con-
spiracies or combinations are formed. That was
the power that I proposed should be conferred by
law on the Federal courts. I never proposed to
intrust to the President an army to go and seek
out conspiracies, to seek out combinations, and
to punish them by military rule. My whole argu-
ment was that the Federal courts should have
jurisdiction over these conspiracies and combi-
nations; that the conspirators should be indicted,
tried, and convicted according to law, and pun-
ished to the extent of their power. But in case of
an organized body of men, or a military force in
the act of invading, I would confer authority to
use military force to the extent necessary to pre-
vent that—not the conspiracy.
Mr. DAVIS. He has got that now.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator says he has got
that power now. The President of the United
States, I apprehend, thought not, for this reason:
He said the only power he had got was the au-
thority conferred by the two acts to which he
alluded, to wit, to proteettheUnited States against
invasion from foreign Powers and Indian tribes;
and he stated that the invasion of one State from
another State did not come within the specifica-
tions of the statute for protecting the United States
against foreign Powers and Indian tribes. If the
Senator thinks that that power is there, when we
get the legislation before us, it will be proper to
make amendments which will reach each objec-
tion he may raise. The two propositions I main-
tained in my argument, and those provided for in
my resolution, were these: fust, to protect each
State against invasion-—the case of actual inva-
sion being then in process of execution; second,
to make it criminal to form conspiracies and com-
binations in any State, or Territory, or anyplace
within the United States, against the institutions,
property, or government of any other State or
Territory of this Union. Those wore the prop-
ositions.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. At that point I wish to
!j ask a single question: whether it would also in-
j' elude conspiracies to attack or to overturn the
i' Government of the United States?
j: Mr. DOUGLAS. Conspiracies to attack or
!| overturn the United States ! Certainly I would
|! indict any combination or conspiracy to subvert
the United States.
11 Mr. DOOLITTLE. I merely wish to under-
!j stand the Senator.
|| Mr. DOUGLAS. Certainly I would do it. I
; believe in punishing, by law, crimes against the
i] Government to the extent that the Constitution
l| authorizes.
,! i But the Senator from Mississippi does not kn ow
■j what my object was in bringingin my resolution.
The resolution upon its face states its objects—to
protect the States against invasion, and to furnish
the legislation necessary for such protection, for
the reason that it is admitted there is no such le-
gislation now as authorizes such protect] on. Then,
it is said, why send it to the Judiciary Committee
instead of the select committee of investigation on
the Harper's Ferry invasion? I stated that th^
other day in my speech. I had understood, al-
though not in the Senate at the time, that the
chairman of the select committee had expressed a
doubt of the constitutional power of Congiuss to
provide such legislation. If a select committee to
inquire into the facts had been constituted so as
to leave doubts of the power, I desired to send the
question to-the Judiciary Committee, the stand-
ing committee of this body, organized and selected
because of its supposed legal learning and its ca-
pacity to judge whether or not the Congress had
that power. I believe the power exists;I believe
it is clear; and I want the judgment of the Judi-
ciary Committee, the regular committee of this
body, on that point; and that is the reason why I
proposed to refer it to the Judiciary Committee.
I have no objection, if Senators prefer it, that it
should go to the committee on the Harper's Ferry
outrage; but clearly I would rather have a report
from a committee that had not prejudged the ques-
tion before argument, whose chairman had not
committed himself in debate, than one who had
done so. I know the pride of opinion of gentlemen
upon questions when they may have expressed or
intimated an opinion without due reflection.
Mr. DAVIS. With the permission of the Sen-
