1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tried to have it put near the arsenal, where the
penitentiary now stands; and we were met by
another influence, saying that it would not do,
because that ground was wanted for the arsenal
extension. We then proposed to purchase a piece
of ground. Everybody wanted to sell. We could
not buy from one party, because other people
would come and say, " You pay that person too
much;"and thus we were thwarted atevcry point,
and have been since. If the Senate will agree to
stand by the committee, you will have a propo-
sition before you before to-morrow night to build
a prison on a modern plan—a proper one, such as
ought to be erected; but we want to know, before
we bring1 our report here, if these pestilential out-
side influences arc to overturn us, as they have
done heretofore—not only on this question, but on
half a dozen others. That is the whole case.
Mr. HAMLIN. I want to say a word about
this jail. There has been a good deal of talking
about it here. Ail that the chairman of the Dis-
trict Committee has said in relation to the efforts
that have been made to make the jail is true; and
we have had a great deal of patriotic indignation
here about this jail. It is a very bad one, I agree;
but I should like to have some gentleman tell me
what obligation we are under to build a jail here.
I should like to have gentlemen tell me what ob-
ligation there is imposed on the General Govern-
ment to expend half o million dollars to build a
jail for this District > When they answer me that
question, I will go with them to build it.
Mr. BROWN. A single word. I know this
discussion is out of order, but I will answer the
honorable Senator from Maine why we are under
an obligation to build it. The courts that sen-
tence these people are our courts; the marshal and
his deputies who take them into custody arc our
officers. The prisoners are fed at our expense,
because they are arrested by our authority; and,
being our prisoners, we are under an obligation,
as a matter of course, to furnish a prison-house in
which to incarcerate them, as much so as Portland
is bound to furnish a jail there, or any county in
the Senator's State is bound to furnish a jail. The
Federal Government furnishes court-houses in all
the States for the accommodation of its courts; and
whenever the States refuse to receive its prison-
ers, it is compelled in all the States to furnish its
own prison-houses. There is the whole explana-
tion. They are our prisoners. The Mayor of this
city never sent a man to jail here in his life, nor
do any other local officers. They send men to
lock-ups in the city, to station-houses, and not to
the county jaih Those who are sent to prison in
this city are sent there by the authority of the Fed-
eral Government—by officers bearing its commis-
sion. Therefore, they are the prisoners of the
United States; and the United States is as much
bound to furnish a house in which to retain them
as prisoners as it is to furnish houses in the States
in which to try civil or criminal offenses.
FORT ATKINSON RESERVATION.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the Senate take
up the bill (S. No. 371) for the relief of certain
settlers in the State of Iowa. This bill, as it is
now proposed substantially, passed the Senate at
the last session; and it will consume no time, I
am sure.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
371) for the relief of certain settlers in the State
of Iowa, was read the second time, and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It proposes
to declare the east half of section eight, section
seventeen, and the east half of section eighteen, j
in township ninety-six north, of range nine west, !
in the State of Iowa, formerly reserved for Fort j
Atkinson and an Indian agency, and sincc re- j
leased and abandoned,as being no longer needed ''
for public uses, to be subject to the ordinary dis- ,
position of the public lands, in the same manner ,
and on the same conditions as are provided by i
law; and that such persons as may ha\e hitherto
settled thereon, and who would have been enti- !
tied to the right of preemption under the act of
September 4, 1841, had the reservation not been '
made, are to be entitled to preempt their claims j
in accordance with the provisions of that act, by !
making proof, payment, and entry at the proper j
district office within twelve months.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and* passed.
1611
CITY OF BATON ROUGE.
Mr. SLIDELL. I ask the indulgence of the
Senate to take up a private bill that I am sure
will not lead to any discussion when the bill is
read, with the report of five or six lines. I move
to take up the bill (S. No. 378) to relinquish the
title of the United States to certain lands occu-
pied by the city of Baton Rouge, in Louisiana.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
read a second time, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. By the bill, all the right, title,
interest, or claim of the United States in and to
the land occupied by the city of Baton Rouge,
lying between Florida street on the north and the
South Boulevard on ths south, as shown by an
original map of the city, on file in the office of the
clerk of the sixth .judicial district court of Loui-
siana, at East Baton Rouge, on the 14th of March,
| 1860, will be relinquished to the Mayor and Coun-
j cil of the city of Baton Rouge, in trust for the sev-
eral use and benefit of the owners of lots therein,
according to their respective interests. This act
is only to be construed as a quit claim on the part
of the United States, and is not to affect the in-
terests of third parties, nor preclude a judicial
investigation in relation to the title to all or any
portion of the lands relinquished.
Mr. SLIDELL. Let the Secretary read the
report. It is very short.
The Secretary read the following report:
The Committee on Private Land Claims, to whom was
referred the petition of the Mayor and Council of the city
of Baton Rouge, have the honoi to report:
That from the titles and documents produced by the peti-
tioner, it appears that a considerable part of the city of
Baton Rouge was laid out on certain lands granted by the
French and Spanish Governments long anterior to the ces-
sion of Louisiana to the United Status; but that said grants
never having been presenteato any board of commissioners
for confirmation, the lands still appear as public lands on
the maps of the Land Office, and the citizens are harassed
by apprehensions lest they be disturbed in their ancient
possessions, and it is by reason of these apprehensions that
an appeal is now made to Congress for the passage of an
act quieting their title.
The Commissioner of the General Land Office, to whom
the matter was referred for information by the committee,
has diafted the annexed bill for the purpose of putting an
end to all doubt on the subject, and the committee, approv-
ing the same, now recommend its passage.
Mr. KING. I should like to inquire whether
this land has been used by the United States for
any public purposes heretofore.
Mr, SLIDELL. Never. It forms part of the
town of Baton Rouge. I suppose there are three
or four hundred different proprietors. It is an
ancient title.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
RAILROAD LANDS IN ARKANSAS.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I am instructed
by the Committee on Public Lands, to whom was
referred a resolution of the Legislature of Arkan-
sas, to report a bill, and ask that it be passed.
The bill (S. No. 387) for the relief of certain
actual settlers on land granted to the State of Ar- ;
kansas for railroad purposes, was read the first '
time, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I will state to
the Senate that the bill relates entirely to lands
that have already been granted to the State of
Arkansas for railroad purposes. I will read the
concluding part of a letter of "the Commissioner
of the General Land Office, which bears on the
subject, so that the Senate may see what it is.
Pie says:
" I therefore herewith inclose the draft of a bill, in ac-
cordance with your icquest. The effect of this will be, if
matured into a law, to co'nfirm the pieemption entries upon
the conditions stated, vvlneh were made from the time of <
' marking the line of the roads, on the face of the earth,'' to !
the date of the filing ot the maps or plats of survey of the
line of .<aid roads in this office."
The bill provides that those parties who settled
on lands upon the line of the Cairo and Fulton
road,and were preparingfor preemption, and have
since, under the belief that they were entitled to
them, matured those preemptions, and paid their
money into the Treasury of the United States for
lands which it turns out were previously granted
to the railroad, shall be entitled to the land, pro-
vided the State of Arkansas will release her in-
terest. If the bill is not passed, the parties who
have paid into the Treasury of the United States
for these lands the price asked by the Govern-
ment, will have to call upon the Government to
refund their money to them. They will then lose
all their improvements, and the benefit of all their
labor go to the railroad company. I do not know
that the act itself will be a welcome one to the
stockholders in the railroad; because it calls on
them to release their right to valuable lands, to-
gether with the improvements that the labors of
others have placed on them. I do not think it
right, however, that the railroad should get the
benefit of the labor of these people. The Govern-
ment having already received pay for these lands,
is only asked to consent to a release on the part
of the State or her legal representatives, or in other
words, the railroad stockholders, and to allow the
railroad to take other lands in lieu—those other
lands being specified. Where the lands thus re-
leased by the railroad company are within the six-
mile grant, they are to take other lands within six
miles in place of those released. Where the lands
are outside of the six miles, and within the fifteen
miles, then the railroad company may take lands
within the nine miles outside of the six in lieu of
those they release, or may go out on any other of
the public lands that are subject to private entry.
These arc the conditions and provisions of the
bill. I ask that the Senate allow it to be passed.
The Government loses nothing whatever by it.
The bill was read the second time, and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. No amend-
ment being proposed, it was reported to the Sen-
ate, ordered to be engrossed, read the third time,
and passed.
CAPTURE OF MEXICAN STEAMERS.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer the following resolu-
tion, and, as I see the chairman of the Committee
on Foreign Relations is notin his place, I merely
offer the resolution, to lie on the table for the
present:
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Relations be
instructed to consider by what title or i ight the Saratoga, a
ship-of-war belo gm<*to the United States, has undertaken,
in time of peace, and without the sanction of Congress, to
use force against two other vessels of war at that time in
Mexican waters, and, after a bloody contest, to capture the
same, and bting them, as pretended prize of war, into a port
of the United States, holding their officers and crews as
prisoneis j and also to consider if any action of Congress be
required to prevent the recurrence of such a collision and
such assumption to make prize of war and prisoners in time
of peace.
M. C. GRITZNER.
Mr. BIGLER. I move to take up the bill (S.
No. 238) for the relief of M. C. Gritzner. It will
take but a minute.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committeeof the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bilh It proposes to appropriate §379 77, to bo
paid to M. C. Gritzner, out of the patent fund,
for compensation and damages on accouait of the
rescinding by the Governmentof a contract made
with the Commissioner of Patents, on the 30th of
March, 1857, for the execution of descriptions
and illustrations of the Patent Office report for
that year, before the work was completed; this
sum, if received, to be in full satisfaction for hia
claim under the contract.
The hill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the tfeird
time, and passed,
DISTRICT BUSINESS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
call up the special order at this hour, which is the 
unfinished business of Saturday. The Secretary
will read the pending amendment.
Mr. BROWN. On Saturday we made a good
many amendments to the railroad bill, which have
complicated the question all the way through. We
shall certainly not dispose of it before half past
one o'clock, at which hour, I know the Senator
from South Carolina desires to address the Sen-
ate; and I think, perhaps, the better way would
be to postpone the further consideration of this
bill mjtil Saturday, and that the bill and amend-
ments bo printed, there have got to be so many of
them, and they are so complicated. Senators say,
" Do not take Saturday." I am sure I shall £et
no other day but that for the consideration of Dis-
trict business.
Several Sen-atous. Say Thursday.
Mr. BROWN. I am willing to take Thursday,
if Senators will allow us to have it. Then, I pro-
pose Thursday, and that this bill and the other
District billsbe postponed until that day, and made
the order of the day in the order in which they
