I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
169"
36th Coxg....1st Sess.
Election of Speaker—Mr. Barksdale.
Ho. of Reps.
to say that it is the policy, as announced by me,
of the Republican party 
Mr. BARKSDALE. It is announced by your
platform. I have it before me. It is to 44 pre-
vent slavery from being carried into the Terri-
tories."
Mr. CORWIN. When such Territory is free,
when slavery does not exist in the Territories,
we do so hold that it is within the legitimate con-
stitutional powers of Congress to prohibit the in-
troduction of slavery into these Territories. But,
sir, f do not know of any Republican who may
be referred to as authority, especially any of the
great leaders like myself. I do not know any
who has gone so far as to say that the United
States should acquire slave territory by virtue of
a treaty with any foreign Government whatever,
and in that treaty it should be provided,as it was
in the treaty of Louisiana, that the people who
are thus transferred within our jurisdiction should
be admitted into the Union as States, with all the
rights of property they then had; I say I know
of no Republican who would say that that treaty
was not the supreme law of the land, and ought
to be carried out.
Mr. BARKSDALE. That is a question not
now before us; but as the gentleman from Ohio
has introduced it, I desire to know if there is a
Republican upon this floor who would favor the
acquisition of slaveholding territory g I refer to
other members of the party, to some of the lesser
lights. I would like to ask the candidate of the
Republican party for Speaker whether he would,
under any circumstances, favor the acquisition of
slaveholding territory? Is there any member on
the other side who would favor the acquisition of
slave territory ?
Mr. CURTIS. At this time, I would be opposed
to the acquisition of slave territory,because there
is a great preponderance of that kind of territory
now, a great deal too much of it, not only for the
benefit of the free States, but for the benefit of
the slave States also; but when the gentleman puts
the question in the broad manner he now docs,
whether at any time, or under any circumstances,
we would be in favor of the introduction of new
territory where slavery exists, and then makes a
demand fora reply upon all Republicans, I feel it
to be my privilege to state that a case may arise,
when a portion of Mexico, having peon labor, a
kind of slave labor, may be acquired by us, and,
sir, I will tell the "gentleman that in such an event
I would favor the introduction of such territory.
£ may also advise, as a prudential military pre-
caution, the annexation of Cuba. That time,
however, does not now exist, and I hope that it
will not for a long period to come.
Mr. BARKSDALE. The slavery which we
recognize docs not exist in Mexico, as the gen-
tleman from Iowa is aware; but he is not a fit
representative of his party, and I do not acknowl-
edge his authority to speak for them, as guarded
as are the words which he has uttered.
Mr. CURTIS. I trust the gentleman will not
read me out of the Republican party.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire a response from
the candidate of the Republican party for the
Speakership. I will take the gentleman from Il-
linois, [Mr. Lovejoy.] I would like to put him
upon the stand; or the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Burlingame;] or the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Hutchinsj] or Mr. Iappan, of
New Hampshire; let either or all of these gentle-
men speak for their party., and I will acknowl-
edge their authority to do so. Some gentleman
has suggested to me to call upon the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Hickman;] but 1 do not
choose to call upon him. He cannot speak for
any party; and scarred and blistered all over as
he is, I have not the heart to strike him. 1 ask
gentlemen on the other side to unlock their lips,
and to speak the truth for their party. No, sir,
they do not intend to do it. They know that the
Republican party, as an organization, is uncom-
promisingly opposed to the acquisition of any
more slave territory. They would oppose the
admission of Cuba upon any terms, with the con-
sent of Spain, even though the inhabitants of that
island all desired it. The distinguished leader [Mr
Corwin] might not; but his party would. It is
understood that he could be electcd Speaker, but
they Itave refused to elect him; and ho is hostile
enough to slavery in all conscience. And why,
sir, do they cling with such death-like tenacity to
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman?] It
is because of the record he has made here upon
the subject of slavery. It is because of the dec-
laration—and they knew he would make it—which
he made the other day in his discussion with the
distinguished gentleman from Arkansas, [Mr.
Hindman,] that he was opposed to the admission
of any more slave States into the Union; that he
regarded slavery as an injury to the master and
a crime against the slave.
But when I was interrupted by the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Corwin,] I was endeavoring to
show that, so far from his assumption that the
fathersoftheRepublicintended thatslavery should
be restricted being correct, they expressly pro-
vided for its protection and expansion. During
the administration of Mr. Jefferson, who is inva-
riably quoted by the other side as deprecating sla-
very, Louisiana—a slaveholding territory—was
acquired from France; and by tne express terms
of the treaty, the Government pledged itself to
protect all species of property in that territory;
and, sir, glorious as was Mr. Jefferson's admin-
istration, that was its crowning achievement. For
forty years after the Government was formed, the
South was not molested with reference to slavery.
During the administrations of Washington, Jef-
erson, and Madison, the fugitive slave law was
enforced, slave territory acquired, and the powers
of the Government wielded for the protection of
slave property.
But, sir, when Missouri applied for admission
into the Union, as a slave State, the anti-slavery
sentiment, which has now become intolerant and
overshadowing in the northern States, was first
exhibited. It came from the enemies of our institu-
tions in England, from Exeter Hall. Missouri had
complied with all the prerequisites for her admis-
sion into the Union, but her admission as a slave
State was defiantly refused; and in the sectional
struggle which ensued, the Union itself was well
nigh being wrecked. At last, however, a com-
promise was effected by which Missouri was ad-
mitted, but slavery was forever prohibited north
of 36° 30'. The South submitted to this unjust
discrimination against her property, but upon.the
express condition that with this concession all
further agitation of the slavery question should
cease. But howhas the compromise been observed
by the North ? From that period to the present
she has resisted the application of every slave
State for admission into the Union, and opposed
the acquisition of Texas upon the very ground
that it was a slaveholding Territory. In addition
to this, abolition societies were organized in
many portions of the northern States, and aboli-
tion petitions poured into Congress. The pas-
sions of the southern people were again inflamed
by the menancing and dangerous aspect which
this question assumed. I have before me a de-
scription of the scenc which occurred in the House
of Representatives upon the presentation of one
of these petitions, and 1 desire that the Clerk shall
read it.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"The immediate occasion of this contest [«ays Colonel
Benton] was the peitinaciou^ elibrt of Air. Blade., of Ver-
mont, to mako the presentation of abolition petitions the
ground of agitation and action against the institution of sla-
very in the southern States. Mr. r^lade had moved to refer
the resolutions piescntcd by him to a select committee, with
instructions to ropoit upon them. Upon making this mo-
tion, he commenccd a violent assault upon the institution
ofslavery. Mi. Rhctt, of South Carolina, interposed to warn
him of the consequences of Mich an inflammatory harangue.
Mr. Slade refused to desist, and was intemipted by a mo-
tion, made by Mr. Dawson, of Geoigta. for an adjournment.
The Speaker [on upright and impartial southern man] ruled
this motion out of order.
"Mr. Slade was proceeding to discuss the question,
( What was slavery Mr. Dawson again asked him to give
way for an adjournment, which wa<s lefnsed. A visible
commotion began to pervade the House—members rising,
clustering together, and talking with animation. Mr. Slade
continued, and was about reading a judicial opinion ot one
of the southern States, defining a slave to be a chattel,
when Mr. Wise called him to order for irrelevancy. 4 The
question belli? upon the abolition of slavery in the District,
and the aigument upon the legality of slave title in a State ;
the Speaker decided that it was not in order to discuss the
subject of f-lavery in the States. Mr. Slade contended that
he lead the decision as he might have done that of an Eng-
lish court. Mr. Robinson, of Virginia, moved an adjourn-
ment. The Speaker decided,the motion out of order, and
Mr. Slade refused to yield the floor, and continued his
speech. Mr. Slade proceeded at great length, when Mr. I
Petrikm, of Pennsylvania, called him to order. The Chair
did not sustain the call. Mr. Slade went on quoting from
the Declaration of Independence and the-constitutions of
the several States, and had got tofchat of Virginia, when
Mr. Wise called him to order for reading papers without
the leave of the House. The Speaker then said, that no
paper objected to could be read without leave of the House.
" 'Mr. Wise then said, that the gentleman had wantonly
discussed the abstract question of slavery, going back to the
very first day of its creation, instead of slavery as It now
existed in the District, and the powers and duties of Con-
gress in relation to it. He was now reading the State con-
stitutions to show that as it existed in the States it was
against them, and against the laws of God and man. This
was out of order.'
" Mr. Slade explained, and argued in vindication of his
course; lie was about to read a memorial of Dr. Franklin,
and an opinion of Mr. Madison upon the question of sla-
very, when Mr. Griffin, of South Carolina, objected to the
reading. Mr. Slade, without asking the permission of the
House, which he knew would not be granted, proposed thAt
the Clerk should read the document. To this the Speaker
objected, that it was equally out of order for the Clerk to
read. Mr. Giiffin withdrew the objection, and Mr. Slade
proceeded to read the papers and comment upon them. He •
was about to return to the state of opinion in Virginia upon
the subject ot slavery before Dr. Franklin's memorial. Mr.
Rhctt inquiied 1 What the opinions of Virginia fifty years
since had to do with the case ?' The Speaker was about to
reply, when Mr. Wise rose, and with much warmth, said:
( He has di&eus&ed the whole abstract subject of slaveiy—■
ofslavery in Virginia—of slavery in my own district, and I
now ask all my colleagues to retire with me from this Hall.5
Mr. Slade reminded the Speaker that he had not yielded
the floor, but his progress was interrupted by the condition
of the House, and the exclamations of members. Amongst
them Mr. Hoisey, of Georgia, was heard calling on the del-
egates from that State to withdraw with him ; whilst Mr.
Rhett was heard proclaiming that the members from South
Carolina had already consulted together and appointed a
meeting at three o'clock, in the committee "room of the
Distnot of Columbia. Here the Speakersuccceded in get-
ting the floor, and stating the question to be on granting
leave to the member from Vermont to read certain papers,
the reading of which had been objected to. Many mem-
bers rose, all addressing the Chair at the same time, and die
general scene of noise and confusion continued.5'
Mr. BARKSDALE. Well, sir, the result was
the adoption of the celebrated 21st rule, prohibit-
ing the reception of Abolition petitions. Many
who arc present remember the tumult which the
establishment of that rule createdln the northern
►States. The right of petition was declared to be
a sacred one, and the South was invoked to re-
peal that rule, to allow all petitions to be received,
that peace and quiet might again be restored. On
motion of John duincy Adams, that rule was re-
pealed ; and to-day Abolition petitions are received
f>y this House. But did that stop the agitation
of this question ? So far from it, it has been going
on and on ever sincc; the anti-slavery party has
been increasing in strength and power and influ-
ence, until now it overspreads, like a black pall,
four fifths of the northern States. Thu Whig
party has gone down under the inroads made upon
it by the anti-slavery sentiment of the North; and
the American party, as a national organization,
has been swept from existence. And now, sir,
wo have a purely sectional party, bounded by
sectional lines, and having for its object the utter
subjugation and dishonor of the southern States.
It first made its appearance here in the Thirty-
Fourth Congress, and, after anine weeks' struggle,
succeeded in electing Mr. Banks to the Speaker'
ship. He received no vote from fifteen States of
the Union; and, in organizing the House, but one
southern man was placed at the head of a com-
mittee. I allude to General duitman, who was
made chairman of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs. With that exception, the South was pro-
scribed from every eommittee, and the whole power
of the House was placed in the hands of the North,
and wielded for the accomplishment of their un-
holy party purposes. In the convention that nom-
inated Fremont, no southern State was represent-
ed, and in the canvass of that year, there was no
electoral ticket for Fremont in any southern State.
In tfieir Philadelphia platform, they declare their
purpose to exclude slave property from the com-
mon Territories of the Union. That is their
avowed purpose. They have declared in their
platforms, in the speeches of their champions,
and in their party presses all over the North, that
no matter how crowded the slave population of
the southern States may become, that it shall
never be allowed to extend one inch beyond its
present limits. Anti-slavery is now a part of
the education and religion of the northern people.
It is printer! in their school-books, taught ur their
class and school-rooms, and thundered from their
pulpits. v
