592
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26.
But, sir, I do not choose to go into this argu-
ment. 1 do not desire to occupy the time of those
entitled to the floor. X)nc word about my criti-
cism upon, the President. I expressly refused to
interpret the meaning of the President in his letter
to the Governor of Virginia, although my candid
opinion is that the fair reading: justifies the infer-
ence that he thought the Constitution did not au-
thorize Congress to confer the authority. He
said that he was at a loss to find any provision in
the Constitution or laws of the United States 
" Mr. DAVIS. Which did what ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Which would authorize him
to interfere for this purpose—take steps for this
purpose; thaf is, to preserve peace between the
States.
Mr. DAVIS. Not the Congress.
Mr.DOUGLAS. He said he was unable to find
any provision in the Constitution or kiws. My
impression was that he wished to be understood
as denying the power of Congress; but inasmuch
as- 
Mr. DAVIS. Will the Senator allow me to
show him the language r There it is, underscored.
[Handing the Senator a paper.]
Mr. DOUGLAS. " I am at a loss to discover
any provision in the Constitution or laws of the
United States which would authorize me to take
st^ps'for this purpose."
Mr. DAVIS. That is "me."
Mr. DOUGLAS. " Me," of course. He did
not see anything in the Constitution or in the
law. I say thatltoat language may be susceptible
of two constructions. Inasmuch as my object was
not to make an issue with lam, hut to demonstrate
the power and duty of Congress to furnish the le-
fislation necessary for the protection of the States,
expressly disclaimed construing his language by
saying that I would not inquire whether his mean-
ing was to deny the authority of Congress, or to
deny the existence of the legislation necessary for
carrying out the clause of the Constitution. If he
believed that the Constitution conferred the power,
my argument showed, then, that I agieed with
him. If he believed that theie was nolegislation
authorizing him to exercise the power, my argu-
ment showed that I agreed with him on thatpomt.
If he denied the power, my argument showed that
I did not agree with him m the denial. liut, sir,
I do not deem it necessary for me, m the discharge
of my duties here, to inquire whether every opin-
ion 1 express comes in conflict with the opinion of
the President of the United States or not. [ state
a fact to predicate my argument upon. So far as
the President is right, I will sustain him. When
I think he is wrong, 1 have shown a willingness
to oppose him to tfie extent that I thought he was
wrong. In this matter [ have thought that legist
lation was necessary; and i am willing to vote with
all men who will furnish the requisite legislation
to cairy out the provision of the Constitution ac-
cording to its true intent and meaning.
Mr. DAVIS. There is no difference between
you and me on tha6"point.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 am glad to ascertain, this
morning, that there will be no difference between
us on that point; and I think, between two such
patriots, there cannot be any difference at all.
[Laughter ,j
Mr. IIAV ARD. I do not rise for the purpose
of continuing this discussion, but to ask a ques-
tion of the honorable Senatorfrom Illinois, which
will govern my own vote, without reference to
anything else, when the resolution comes before
the Senate. The resolution is a resolution of in-
struction. It is unusual to send suehaiesolutiou
to a committee on a new subject on which there
has been no indication of opinion before the Sen-
ate. As 1 read that resolution as it stands, the
Committee on the Judiciary are merely to frame
a bill, under instructions from the Senate, m ac-
cordance with the particular views, as near ns
they can understand them, of the Senator from
Illinois. Now, sir, I am free to say that, if 3 read
that resolution rightly, 1 differ, in expediency,
from some of those views. 1 differ as to the con-
stitutional power, as to the limitation in other re-
spects, from the language of the resolution. I
cannot, therefore, consent to vote for the resolu-
tion instructing my committee, not to inquire into
the expediency of legislation on a particular sub-
ject, but to instruct them to draw a bill for a par-
ticular purpose. Two purposes are specified: one
to protect the States against invasion; the other,
to repress combinations and conspiracies. If it is
to come to us in the shape of an inquiry on the
expediency of a bill of that kind, it is time enough
to meet it, when it comes into the committee, with
such modifications as my colleagues on that com-
mittee may agree upon; but, if it comes in the
shape of instruction, we, of course, must frame a
bill according as we best can, the language being
imperative to us as announced in the resolution.
Differing from that, of course I must vote against
the resolution, if it stands in the shape of instruc-
tion. I should like to have the honorable Sen-
ator's answer; bccause, if it is to be a resolution
of inquiry, then it is immaterial tome. If the com-
mittee agree with me in opinion, 1 can answer his
resolution by a report as easily as by a speech,
so far as I differ from him. If, on the contrary,
it is to remain a resolution of instruction, then I
shall ask the Senate, very briefly indeed, to letme
be heard in opposition to some principles which
I suppose to be involved in the resolution, as it
has been introduced by the Senator.
Mr. HUNTER. I owe an apology to the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. I certainly did notex-
pect this debate, or I should not have made the
motion I did. If there be no further debate, be-
fore proceeding to thp consideration of the other
question, I will now move that this resolution be
postponed until Tuesday next, and made the spe-
cial order for half past one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
PJtOFJJJtTY IN TERRITORIES.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the fol-
lowing resolution, submitted by Mr. Crown on
the lath instant:
Resolved, That the Territories are the common property
of all the States ; and that it is the pus tloge'of the citizens
of all fne States to go into the Temtories with every kind
or description of property recognized by the Constitution ot
the United States, and held under the law* of any of the
Statc.n; and that it t^ the constitutional duty of the law-
making power, whemver lodged, or by whomsoever exer-
cised, whether by the Congro^ or the Temtonal Legisla-
ting, to enact such laws as may he found necessary for the
adequate and sufficient protection ot Mich property.
Resolved, That the Committee on Temtoriehbvi instruct-
ed to mieit, m any bill they may repot t for the organization
ot new Teuitoncw, :i clause declaring it to he the duty ot
the Territnnal Legislatuie to enact adequate and .sufficient
laws for the piotechon of all kinds ot propeity, as above
described, within the limits, ot the Temtoiy; and that,
upon tt< jailtue or refusal to do so, it i < the admitted duty
ot Convict;-; to mt'Ti'iie and pays such laws.
Mr. PUGH. With the permission of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, 1 interrupted him yes-
terday; and, as he did not seem to understand me,
I tlunk it is due to myself to make a little correc-
tion. He quoted what purports to be a statement
of Mr. Con ie, with refcron'cc to a correspondence
between Mr. Banks and himself. Then the Sen-
ator proceeded to add:
tlThis is the Mi. Bank* who onee edited a paper in Vir-
ginia, and avowed that lie hated free school*; and cveiytiung
that vva: free.''
Then I interrupted the Senator to say that Mr.
Banks had denied that sentiment. I did not refer
to the conversation between Mr. Come and Mr.
Banks, for I had never heard anything of it from
either of them. They are both gentlemen of
veracity, and i would not be made a party to that
controversy at all.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, during the past
seven weeks these Halls have rung with angry
menaces of disunion. Disunion has been pre-
dicted, disunion has been threatened, in the event
of the triumph of the Republican party in Novem-
ber next. "We have sat here coolly, calmly, and
listened to those angry and noisy menaces. Yes-
terday I gathered up some of these predictions,
some of those arguments, some of these threats,
and presented them to tho consideration of the
Senate. The Senator from Mississippi, [Mr.
Da\ is,] with, I thought, something of sensibility,
something of fueling, replied to those remark?:.
I know, sir, that there comes to us from the ioyal
and patriotic freemen of the North the voice of
condemnation of the angry menaces which have
been made in these Chambers. There comes to
Senators on the other side of this Chamber the
imploring appeals of men who are shivering over
the political graves their leaders in these Halls are
digging for them. Sir, I was glad to s«e, yesterday,
when the declarations of Democratic presses and
leaders were presented to their view, a degree of
feeling manifested on the other side of the Cham-
ber. Senators are beginningto feel that it is no easy
task lo look these Democratic mcnacea of disloy-
alty to the Union in the face. I take the move-
ments yesterday to be a premonitory symptom
of retreat from positions which even the Senator
from Mississippi cannot maintain. I say to the
Senate and the country that we shall now witness
the retreat of the Democratic leaders from their
disloyal and revolutionary positions.
The Senator from Mississippi called upon me
to say why I had arraigned gentlemen here for
these avowals. He charged it upon the Republi-
can party that, in 1856, it went off under a sec-
tional banner, on a sectional platform, and under
the lead of a sectional candidate; and, in so doing,
it seceded from the Union; it adopted practical se-
cession. Now, rliave to say to that Senator that
the call for the Republican national convention, in
1856, was addressed to all men North and South
who concurred in the sentiments of the republi-
can fathers, who were opposed to the extension
of slavery, and in favor of its prohibition in the
Territories of the United States; and that call
wouldhave summoned Washington and Jefferson,
and the men who founded the Government of the
country. Men from the South came to that con-
vention, and when they returned to their homes
they were denounced for their attendance, and one
of them banished from his State. That Repub-
lican call invited the people who could stand
on the doctrine of slavery restriction, that came
from tho pen of Thomas Jefferson, in 1784—a
doctrine sanctioned and sustained by tho great
men of this country for two generations; a doc-
trine indorsed as constitutional by the Supremo
Court of the United States, in 1810, 1819, 1828,
and in 1840;indorsed as constitutional by the su-
preme court of the State the Senatorfrom Missis-
sippi represents, in 1818—1 say, sir, that the Re-
publican convention summoned all of this class of
men in America into its national convention. It
laid down principles as broad as the Union itself.
It embraced the whole country and the interests
of the whole country in its policy. It adopted no
sectional creed, no sectional platform, no sectional
policy, but stood upon the ancient faith of our
fathers, and there it stands to-day, upon an im-
pregnable basis, where stood the men who framed
the Constitution of the United States and early
administered it.
So much,Mr, for my right to speak as a Re-
publican, and to rebuke the disunion avowals of
men who have adopted a new creed, a new read-
ing of the Constitution, and who threaten to pull
down the columns of the Union unless this nation
accepts their new creeds and their new construc-
tions of constitutional power. That is it. Let tho
country understand it. The Republican party
stands upon the doctrine of Washington, Jeffer-
son, and the men who framed the Constitution.
It stands upon doctrines .sanctioned by the high-
est judicial tribunal of the country in other and
better days. The Republican party 'proposes
nothing new; but stands by the old traditional
policy. A new school,accepting the creed that
came from the brain of Calhoun in 1847, now
exists; and we who choose to follow the fathers
rather than these new lights, arc threatened now
with the overthrow of the Government if we do
not accept their new constitutional constructions.
That is the whole of it; and let the country under-
stand it.
The Senator objected to my right to speak be-
cause, in 1851, I attended a social festival m Bos-
ton, and made a speech at that festival. Let me
say that I stand by that speech here to-day. I
do not disavow a word of it. That speech is not
full nor complete, and it does not report all I did
say; but what is reported I stand by. In that
speech I did say then and there, to the faces of gen-
tlemen, what 1 have said all my life. I disagree
with those gentlemen on several points; and they
know, and everybody in my State knows, that I
disagree with those gentlemen in regard to their
views of the Constitution, of State rights, and of
the Union. I never uttered a word or dreamed a
dream of hostility to the Union of these States,
and I n< ver even allowed myself to put a case of
disunion even as a supposition, as a contingency.
But, sir, attending that festival, on an invitation,
1 spoke of the fidelity of Mr. Garrison, and of
those that associated with him—men who do not
vote, men who hold no offices, men who will ac-
cept no offices, men that you may call fanatical,
if you please, but men who m personal charac-
ter and m all the relations of private life, have
