2056
TSE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2,
but we hare a clause in our constitution provid-
ing that the salaries siiail rrot b'e increased as well
as'dimiftished The duties of those judges have
ificreast'd many fold since-then vabd the "Legisla-
ture has sought in various ways to,Revise some
scheme b'y which they could increase the salary of
the'judges; but it never occurred to them that be-
cause their duties were increased, or now duties
imposed upon them of a judicial character, they
could increase their salaries.
It seems to me, sir, that the idea that the salary
is to continue for two years is palpably in the face
of the Constitution, and I cannot vote for such a
proposition as that. The officers in California
may be very excellentmen, and their salaries may
be too low.' If so, I am .willing to increase them
by a bill, to increase them permanently; but un-
der no pretense like this. I never can vote for a
bill that shall give a judge $G",000 for two years to
come, and after that to give him but §4,000, or
any other sum.
Mr. BENJAMIN. T understand the argument
of the Senator from Illinois really to amount to
this: that a temporary increase of salary is a
diminution of it. The Constitution prohibits the
diminution of the judges'salaries, and he says that
prohibits a temporary increase of them. 1 do not
so consider it.
Mr. CLING-MAN. I do not know whether I
understand this provision, but from the reading
of it, my objection is of a different kind from that
of the Senator from Illinois. If I understand it
aright, it proposes in effect to increase the judges'
salaries from 1852, giving one of them what, is
equal, [ believe, to $6,000 a year from 1852. My
objection is that if you do that, I do not see upon
what ground you are to resist similar applications.
We have lately been increasing the sakiiies of al-
most all of the officers of the Government. It was
only the other day we passe,d a bill to increase
the salaries of the naval officers. Why should
not a moil come to us and say: I am an old man,
this increase will benefit me very little; I have
been serving for thirty or forty years at a rate
which youadmitis too low? Would nothisequity
be of I lie same kind with this? We have been
increasing the salaries of all our eleHis and diplo-
mats and others, and even of members of Con-
gress: and if you make a precedent of this kind,
you leave the door open hereafter. I know that
several applications have been made exactly of
that kind within tin1 last few years. A man holds
an office and complains that he is not sufficiently
compensated: you have increased my salary; that
admits 1 ought to have more, and 1 have perfotmed
se v eral years 'service at the old rate of pay. I do not
mean to lote for any proposition of that kind. If
this judge lias performed extra services, I am will-
ing to vote linn asum in gross, but not to go back
and inciease the salary from 1852. 1 f I am wrong
in my understanding of this provision, then my
vote may be different; but looking on it m the
light I do, I cannot consent to vote for it in that
shape.
Air. BENJAMIN. The Senator is right in his
understanding of the bill. I do not propose, how-
ever, to say anything further. That point has
been discussed, and we want to p;et a vote and
to get the sense of the Senate. We have endeav-
ored to answer the argument on that point.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Before the vote is taken,
1)1 order to do wh it 1 think will obviate Senators'
objections, I will move to amend that, seventh
Isection, in the fifteenth line, so that it may read
in this way:
yucti compensation to be eomjiuted and alloweil fioin
tluj (iatf nf lit. appointment to -:ud office, ami to euntniup
during the prrfoimance of the tuMttional seme*"* provided
in l.lii.-. act: not to e\ceed two yeaib from am! alter tlie pa>-
sauo of lino act.
Mr. TRUMBULL and Mr. CLARK. That
does nut alter it at all
Mr. HALE. Not at all. #
Mr. FESSENDEN. Gentlemen say it does
not. My fiiend from Vermont [Mr. Collamer}
and I arc of h different opinion; and it is a matter
Oi opinion entirely. It is very easy to lay down
the law ex cathedra. 1 never pretend to do that.
I can give an opinion upon it for what it is worth.
Mr. President, I am of opinion, very modestly,
of course, because I do not propose to know
much about these matters, that there is really
nothing m the objection made by the Senator
from Illinois; but to obviate any possibility of
objection, I suggested this amendment. This is,
in fact, a commission. We are imposing duties
upon the judge; but they are not duties in their
nature judicial. It is the settling of a mere ques-
tion of* boundary—a matter of fact. The same
duties that we impose now upon these judges
might be imposed upon a commissioner, or any-
body else, just as well out of court as in court.
It is not in the nature of the action of a judicial
tribunal at. all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from Maine
will allow me, my objection is based upon the
idea that they are judicial; and if you will look at
the bill it provides that the judge shall give a judg-
ment. Now, a judicial proceeding is a proceed-
ing where a judgment is rendered. There is a
provision in the bill for the taking of depositions.
All this business is to be done m courts. The
parties are to be notified. I wish for no discus-
sion upon a point that is not at issue; and I read-
ily grant you may impose upon a man who holds
the office of judge a duty that has nothing to do
with his court—nothing to do with him as a judge,
and where he does not act in the capacity of a
judge, and pay him for it. That is settled. It
is, therefore, a matter of fact. If the Senator from
Maine insists that the duties imposed upon him
are not to be performed by him as a judge, and if
the bill does not so state, then I certainly am in
error; but I understand it does so state that it is
in his court, and as a judge, that ho performs the
duty.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Undoubtedly he is to do
it in his court. I was saying, when the Senator
interrupted me for an explanation, that I do not
deem these duties as in their nature judicial. They
are duties that might be imposed on a commis-
sioner, or anybody, and are,not necessarily of
that character. They relate simply to the settling
of a question of boundary—a question o^* fact.
For the benefit of the United States we Impose
this additional duty upon a partieularperson, and
we make it a matter of record. That person hap-
pens to be a judge, and it is part of the records of
his court. So far :t is judicial; hut it is not any-
thing of the ordinary business of the court. It is
extraordinary in Us character and in its nature.
It might have been done by the Secretary of the
Interior, and has been done by the Seeietary of
the Interior heretofore. The returns were made
to his office, and everything done there that is to
be done here. It is merely transferring that por-
tion of the executive duties to the judge of the
court, and making a record of it among the rec-
ords of lus office.
Now, sir, look at the provision. The bill im-
poses certain duties, of a character that I have
designated, distinct entirely from the ordinary pro-
ceedings of the court. It is imposing upon the
judge of the district court of California a part of
the duties heretofore imposed upon the Commis-
sioner of Public Lauds and the Secretary of the
Interior. It is a very heavy, large, and burden-
some duty, involving vast amounts of property,
not in the ordinary shape in which questions of
property come in couit, but in a new and 'otally
distinct shape; and what do we say? We do not
say the salary of the courts shall be incieased.
The language of the statute we propose to fix is
veiy distinct : "that, for the performance of the
duties im posed by t his act,'' the duties of this char-
acter of a separate class, "and the act to which
this is an amendment, there {shall be allowed to
the judges of the noithern and southern districts
of California, as follows: to the judge of the
northern district such a sum as will, when added
to his fixed and permanent salary allowed bylaw
and received by him, make his compensation
amount to the sum of $6,000 per annum," &c.
Then comes the lasu line: u and to continue each
for two years from and after the passage of this
act;" which is the limitation that the Senator ob-
jects to. His real objection is that we arc, in
fact, giving him a peimanent salary of $6,000 a
year. If it had that effect, 1 should not think it
any great objection, under the circumstances; but
I think it has not. My answer, therefore, is that,
in terms, it does not raise his salary; in terms, it
negatives the idea of increasing his salary; in
terms, it says he is to receive thisadditionaleom-
pensation for these additional duties; and, as now
proposed to be amended, when these additional
duties shall cease, his additional compensation
will ccase with it. Now, sir, I cannot for my
lift see how that is brought under the provision
of the Constitution suggested by the Senator: and
it strikes me his suggestion is one of those objec-
tions of which we hear so much all over the Sen-
ate. Senators get up a constitutional difficulty,
when they cannot find any other that is a good
one.
Now, sir, one Word with regard to the thing
itself.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Let us take the vote; we
have but a few minutes left.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am told that there are
only three minutes left for a vote; and if there is no
one else to speak, I will give up the word I had
to say, and take the vote.
Mr. LANE. I have no disposition to discuss
this question. I only desire, in explanation of
my vote, to say that the ground taken by the Sen-
ator from Illinois is a good reason why I cannot
vote, though I should hko to do so, for this bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Tfthe Senator from
Maine proposes to amend the section, before the
motion is put on striking it out, by inserting, in
line sixteen, after the word "for," the words
"and during^ the -performance of the additional
service required to be performed by this act, not
exceeding;" so that the clause will read:
Such compensation to bo computed and ail owed from the
date of Iks appointment to said office, and to continue
each for and during the performance of the additional ser-
vice rcquued to be perfoimed by this act. not exceeding Uvo
years ftom and after the parage ot this* act.
Mr. GWIN. Does that cut off compensation
for services rendered ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. It does not strike out
anything.
'I'he amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on the motion to strike out the seventh sec-
tion.
Mr. TIALE called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. BROWN. The section is not very long,
and I should like to have it read. I did hot near it.
The Secretary read the section, as amended, as
follows:
Sr:e. 7. And be it farther cnactcl, That, for the perform-
ance oi the dime*, imposed by this act, and the act to winch
tin- an amendment, there fhall lie allowed to the judges
of the no/them and Mmthern districts of California, as fol-
low- : to the judsje of tin1 northern dtstiiot such a *um as
wdJ, when added to (]\ud <md peimanent salary allowed
hy law mid received by Jnm, make his compensation amount
lo the sum of $8,000 per annum, and such additional com-
pensation to be computed hom the istday ot Januaiy, 1852;
find to the judge oi the southern district such a sum as will,
when added to hi* fixed and permanent salary allowed by
law and received by him, make his compensation amount
to the sum of ">00, Mich compensation to be computed
and allowed fiom the date o1 his appointment to said office,
and 10 continue each for and during the performance oi the
additional seivice required to he pei formed by thi  act, not
exceeding two years, tioni and aftci the passage of this
act.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The hour of twelve
o'clock having arrived, the Chair must call up the
special order.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I hope we shall be allowed
to take the vote. The debate js over.
Mr. HALE. What is the special order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is the bill (H.
R. No. 304) inviting proposals for carrying the
entire mail between the Atlanticand Pacific States
on one line.
Mr, FESSENDEN. I think wo can now take
the vote, and dispose of this subject one way or
the other.
The VH3E PRESIDENT. By unanimous con-
sent, the special order will be postponed for the
present, to continue this bill.
Mr. LATHAM. I hope we shall be allowed
to take the vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objection?
The Chair calls up the special order at this hour,
but by unanimous consent it will be laid aside,
informally, to continue this bill.
Mr. CLARK. I object.
Mr. HUNTER. Then I move to postpone all
prior orders, for the purpose of taking up the
Army appropriation bill. I gave notice yester-
day that I intended to move to take it up to-day.
Air. YULEE. If it is agreeable to the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance, I suggest to_
hi in to permit me to call up the veto message ot
the President upon the Arthur Edwards.case, and
dispose.of that before wc take up his bill.
