170
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 23,
36th CoifGr....lsT Sess.
Election of Speaker—Mr. JJarksrJxde.
Ho. of Reps.
I have before Hie a sermon delivered by a Rev.
Mr. Whelocke, In the city of Boston, dealing in
unmeasured .denunciation of slavery, and sym-
pathizing with John Brown in his murderous as-
sault upon Virginia. And the Black Republican
party is to-day engaged in disseminating broad-
cast over the country publications of the most
infamous and incendiary character. A work,
written by a southern traitor, a felon from'North
Carolina, filled with the most atrocious falsehoods
and calumnies in reference to the South, her re-
sources, and her industrial pursuits, has received
the indorsement of fifty-eight members of the
Republican party, who were Representatives in
the last Congress. And, sir, what arc the recom-
mendations of that book ?
"Thorough organization and independent political ac-
tion, on the psirt of the non-siaveholding whites of the
South."
If there is any society on earth where there is
the most perfect equality among white men,
where labor is respected and the laborer honored,
it is in the southern States; and the reason is ob-
vious: there is an inferior race to do the mental
service. These appeals will fall unheeded upon
the ears of the non-slaveholders of the South;
they are true and loyal, and loyal to her institu-
tions; and if the struggle between the sections
should ever come they will be found rallying
around the standard of southern rights.
" Ineligibility of slaveholder* for office."
No matter how pure and unsullied may be a
man's character, how preeminent his qualifica-
tions, how incorruptible his integrity, how bril-
liant his talents, if he is a slaveholder, according
to the teaching of this book, he is to be pro-
scribed from the honors and offices of the Gov-
ernment.
" tfo cooperation with pio-slavery politicians; nofellow-
ship with them in teligiou ; no affiliation with them m so.
eiety; no patronage to pio-slaveiy merchant*; no gucstship
m pro-slavery hotels; no fee«* to pro-slavery lawyers; no
employment of pr%-slfivery physicians; no audience to pro-
slavery preachers ; no more hiring of slaves by non-slave-
holders; discontinuance of subscriptions to pro slaveiy
newspapers; and the greatest encoiungement of fteelaboi.''
These are recommendations of this infamous
publication, and they have found their proper de-
nounncnC in thu invasion of Virginia by John
Brown and his traitorous gang, and in the murder
of her poaceable and unoffending citizens. And,
sir, it will notdo for gentlemen on the other side
to declare, with sanctimonious faces, that they
condemn the conduct of John Brown, f lis assault
upon Virginia was the legitimate result of the
philosophy of the Republican party, and the doc-
trine they have indorsed. As was remarked by
the gentleman from Arkansas the other day,you
nerved the arm that stiuck the blow; you taught
them thut shivery was wrong; that it was an in-
jury to the master, and a crime against the slave.
Those are your lesions; and I find th.it the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. JLovkjoy] nods his as-
sent. I say, then, to him, that lie has taught
treason and insurrection, and the country will hold
him and his party responsible for the results.
Yes, sir, his doctrine leads to treason and rapine
and murder. [Mr. Lovejoy shook his heiul.]
And now J come to the purposes of the Repub-
lican party; and what will be their policy should
they obtain the control of the Government? W.
H. Seward is the impersonation of the principles
of his party, and, in my judgment, will bear its
flagm the coming presidential contest. lie is the
lion of his tribe. He issues his edicts, and they
are implicitly obeyed by hisobsequiousfoilowers.
Elect Mr. Seward President, and his first object
will be to crush the Democratic party, because it
stands as a bulwark between the 8outh and the
encroachments and usurpations of the North"; the
Supreme Court will be reorganized, and then there
■ft ill be 110 obstacle in the way of carrying out the
whole circle of his infamous measures, ending m
the utter destruction of the last vestige of southern
rights and institutions.
Let me read from the speeches of Mr. Seward,
and others of his party:
"Whenever the public mind shall will the abolition of
slavery, the way will be open tor it."—ilfr. Seward's speech
at Cleveland, in 1848.
" Slavery can be limited to it* present bounds; it can be
ameliorated. It can be and must be. abolished, and you and
I can ami must df> it."—Speech, of Mr. Seward.
" Slavery is not and never can be perpetual. It will be
overthrown either peacefully and lawfully under this Con-
stitution, or it will work the subversion of the Constitution
together with its own overthrow."—Mr. Seward.
I read from a speech of Mr. Burlingame, of
Massachusetts:
" If asked to state specially what he would do, he would
answer: First, repeal the Nebraska bill; second, repeal the
fugitive slave law; >third, abolish slavery in the District of
Columbia; fourth, abolish the inter-State slave trade.
Next, he would declare that slavery should not spread to
one inch of the territory of the Union; he would then put
the Government actually and perpetually on the side of
freedom; by which he meant that a bright negro boy in
Massachusetts should have as good a chance for promotion
in the Navy as one of the finest families in Virginia. He
would have judges who believe in a higher law, and an
anti-slavery Constitution, an anti-slavery Bible, and an
anti-slavery God.57
The Legislature of Massachusetts is carrying
this doctrine into practical effect. Negro children
are admitted with white children into their pub-
lic schools; negroes are allowed the elective fran-
chise, to testify in courts of justice, and to act as
arbiters upon the property and the lives of white
men; and by the laws, revolting as it may appear,
of that State, the two raccs arc allowed to inter-
marry.
Mr. Giddings said:
" I would not be understood as desiring a servile insurrec-
tion; but I say to southern gentlemen that there are hundreds
of thousands of honest and patriotic men who will ' laugh
at your calamity, and mock when your fear comcth.' Jf
blood and massacre should mark the struggle for the liberty
of those who for ages have been oppressed and degraded, my
prayer to the God of Heaven shall be that justice, «*tem, un
yielding justice, may be awaided to bothmastoi and slave.
1 desire that every human being may enjoy the 1 lghts with
which the God ot nature has endowed him." If those rights
can be regained by the down-tiodden sons of Afiica m our
southern States by quiet and peaceful means, I hope they
will pursue such peaceful measures. But, if they cannot
regain these God-given 1 ights by peaceful measures, I never-
theless hopo they will regain them; and if blood he shed,
I should certainly hope that it might be the blood of those
who stand between them and their freedom, and not the
blood of those who have long been robbed of then wives
and children, and ali they hold dear in life.''
Thus I have shown that the boldest of the Oppo-
sition leaders do not undertake to dispute the fact
that their ultimate design is to overthrow slavery
in the States where it exists, and that that must
be the inevitable result of the doctrines they in-
culcate.
Mr, CORWIN, (in his seat.) No, sir.
Mr. BA" KSDALE. 1 give the gentleman from
Ohio credit for his denial; you, perhaps, would
not do it; but you inflame the minds of the north-
ern people; you have taught them that slavery is a
sin; you have aroused this storm, and if you would,
you cannot control it. In the course of a few years
you must pass away and frth ers wil t take your place
more determined than you, who will commence the
irrepressible conflict, and strike at slavery in the
States,and abolish it if the southern people will sub-
mit to it. When the anti-slavery party in England
commenced agitating the policy of prohibiting the
African slave tiade, they indignantly denied that
their ulterior design w;w to abolish slavery in the
British colonies. The great Powers of Europe
united in destroying this trade, and the very next
step in the programme was the emancipation of the
slaves in all the British colonies.
Mr. GOOCI-I. I desire to call the attention of
the gentleman to the JournalsofthcThirty-Fourth
Congress, in reference to the appointment of the
committees of that Congress.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I have passed from that
point long since.
Mr. GOOCH. I call his attention to it now,
as I ana. about to leave the Hall, and might not
have another opportunity. I understood the gen-
tleman to say that there was but one gentleman
from the South appointed as chairman of a com-
mittee, and that was General Quitman. I find,
upon an examination of the Journals, that there
were six southern gentlemen appointed to the
chairmanship of committees: Gilchrist Porter, of
Alissouri, chairman of the Committee on Private
j Land Claims; John A. Quitman, of Mississippi,
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs;
W. H. Sneed, of Tennessee, chairman of the
Committee on Mileage; Preston S. Brooks, of
South Carolina, chairman of the Committee on:
Expenditures in the State Department; Fayette
McMulhn, of Virginia, chairman of the Commit-
tee on Public Buildings and Grounds; and Wil-
liam Aiken, of South Carolina, on the Library.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I prefer not to be di-
verted from my subject by a matter to which I do
not attach any very great importance.
, Mr. GOOCH. I called the gentleman's atten-
tion to it now, because not being a member of
the House at the time, I did not desire to do so
until I had had an opportunity to consult the
Journals.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Those committees never
meet. My point was that the committees were
organized so as to give the power of the House
to the Republican party.
Mr. GOOCH. I desire to say in reference to
this matter  
Mr. BARKSDALE. The gentleman will par-
don ^ie. X do not choose to be diverted from my
purpose. I was remarking, when interrupted by
the gentleman from Massachusetts, that the next
•step in the programme, after the prohibition of the
African slave trade, was the abolition of slavery
in the British colonies. And, sir, when the Re-
publican party shall succeed in prohibiting sla-
very in the Territories, the same spirit will impel
them to assail^ it in the States. But what effect
did the abolition of slavery have upon the British
colonies? I take the island of Jamaica, for in-
stance. When slavery existed in that island, the
sun of heaven never cast his beams upon a more
prosperous people. Now, under the false philan-
thropy of England, it presents one vast scene of
decay and desolation. I read from the report of
a New York editor, in 1850:
" It is difficult to exaggerate, and yet more difficult to de-
line, thepovcity and lndustnnl'prostiation of Jamaica. The
natural wealth and spontaneous productiveness ofthc inland
are so great that no one can starve, and vet it «eems as if the
faculty of accumulation was suspended. Alt the product-
ive power of the soil is i tinning to waste. The finest land
in the woild may be had at any price, and almost for the
asking. Labor leceives no compensation ; and the product
of labor does not seem to know the way to market. Fam-
ilies accustomed to every wealth and luxury have witnessed
the decline of their incomes, until now, with undiminished
estates, they find themselves wrestling with poverty for the
commonest necessaries otlifc. There are no public amuse-
ment* here of any kind; for amusements arc purchased with
the surplus wealth of the^pcople, and here there is no sur-
plus. There was not a theater, or a museum, or a circus,
or any other place of entertainment involving expense, open
during my stay on the inland. The corporation of Kingston
owns a building which has been used as a theater, and tn the
^ubuibsot the city is a plain oncelamous as a lace-courso;
but of the liist, iftH and spuleis are the only tenants, and
weeds and underwood ha\e oveigrown the other."—Bige-
loic^a Jamaica, in 1830, page 53.
That was the effect of the emancipation of sla-
very in Jamaica; and the same result has followed
wherever it has been abolished by the British
Government.
Slavery, in some form, has existed in all ages
of the world,audit is sanctioned by Divineauthor-
ity. We believe it to be right. It is interwoven
with our whole social organization, with our very
existence as a people; and we arc determined, at
all hazards, to maintain it. And now what is the
aspect of the anti-slavery scntimentm this coun-
try. At first, it was a mere speck upon the po-
litical horizon; now it overspreads the whole
political skies. Then the anti-slavery party was
unimportant in numbers and powerless for evil;
but it has continued to swell and increase until it
is now one of the great parties of the country, and
is to-day grasping for the supremacy in the Gov-
ernment.
Let me read you an extract, showing how rapid
and alarming has been its progress:
" It fust made its appearance in national politics in the
presidential contest of 1640, when its ticket, with J. G.
Birney, of Michigan, as its candidate for the Presidency,
and Fiancis J. Lemagne. of Pennsylvania, as its vice pres-
idential candidate, polled 7,000 votes. In 1844, with Dnney
again as its candidate, it polled 62,140. In 1848 it polled
296.232 votes. In 1852 it polled 117,296, and in J836, the
candidate of the Republican party, John C. Fremont, sup-
ported by the entire Abolition party, polled 1,341,810 votes."
These figures show that one million three hun-
dred and forty-one thousand eight hundred and
twelve votes were cast at the last presidential
election for John C. Fremont, and that the black
banner of Abolitionism floated in triumph over
eleven northern States. It has upon this floor
one hundred and twelve members, and twenty-
four upon the floor of the Senate; and at each re-
curring election in the northern States some true
man goes down before the anti-slavery storm, and
an Abolitionist takes his pla.ee in that august body.
Mr. Clerk, events are rapidly hurrying to a crisis,
and we are to-day almost in the midst of a revolu-
tion; and I deem it my duty to declare her#, what
