I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
36th Cons....1st Sess.
The Homestead Bill—Mr. Windom.
Ho. of Reps.
I have repeatedly said before, that in the event of
the election of a Black Republican to the Pres-
idency, upon a sectional and hostile platform, I am
for stern,unbending resistance to his inauguration
as President of the southern States.
In 1856, Mr. Fillmore, the candidate of the
American party for the Presidency, made the fol-
lowing declaration:
" But this is not all, sir. We see a political party pre-
senting candidates lor the Presidency and Vice Presidency,
selected for the first time from the free States alone, with
the avowed purpose of electing these candidates by suf-
frages of one part of the Union only, to rule over the whole
United States. Can it be possible that those who are en-
gaged in such a measure can have seriously reflected upon
the consequences winch must inevitably follow, in case of
success? Can they have the madness or the tolly to be-
lieve that our southern brethren would submit to be gov-
erned by such a Chief Magistrate? Would he be required
to follow tnc same rule prescribed by those who elected
him, in making bis appointments? If a man living south
of Mason and Dixon's hue be not worthy to be Piesidcnt
or Vice President, would it be proper to select one from
the same quarier as one of his Cabinet council, or to i ep-
resent the nation in a foreign country, or, indeed, to col-
lect the revenue, or administer the laws of the United
States: If not, what new rule is the President to adopt iu
selecting menlor otfice,that the people themselves discard
in selecting him? These are serious, but practical ques-
tions; and m order to appreciate them fully, it is only neces-
&aiy to turn the tables upon ouiselves. Suppose that the
South, having a majority of the electoral votes, should de-
clare that they would only have slaveholders for President
and Vice President, and should elect such by their exclu-
sive suffrages to rule over us at the North : do you think
we would submit to it? No, not for a moment. And do
you believe that your southern brethren are less sensitive
on this subject than you are, or less jealous of their rights?
If you do, let me tell you that you are mistaken. And,
therefore, you must see that if this sectional party succeeds,
it leads inevitably to the destruction of this beautiful fabric
reared by our forefathers, cemented by theii blood, and be-
queathed to us as a*"priceless inheiitance."
Ilowcould Mr. Seward, or any other Black Re-
publican, cnforcc the laws in the southern States?
No southern man would so degrade and dishtfnor
himself as to accept office at the hand of an Abo-
lition Administration. We were told the other
day by the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Hill,]
that IVlr. Seward, if elected President, might be
restrained by his oath; might kick the ladder from
under him by which he was elevated to power.
Does his oath restrain him in the Senate? Has
it ever restrained him? Would you arm your
enemy with the power to strike and to destroy
you? For one, I am not willing to give Mr. Sew-
ard the Army, the Navy, the Treasury, and all
the power ana patronage of the Government to
wield against us.
But we are menacingly told by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Hickman] and others,
that the South will not be permitted to secede.
How do they propose to prevent it? Sir, the
army that invades the South to subjugate her
will never return; their bodies will enrich south-
ern soil. When the compact of the Union, the
Constitution, has been violated, we claim the right
of peaceable secession. That was the doctrine of
Jefferson and Madison, and of the Virginia and
Kentucky resolutions. The right to judge of " in-
fractions of the Constitution, as well as the mode
and measure of redress," has never been dele-
gated to the Federal Government. It is the shield
of the States against the illegitimate encroach-
ments of Federal power. Weplantourselvesupon
the light of peaceable secession, and there we in-
tend to stand. Nor can our purpose be shaken by
the insane threats of the Abolitionists upon this
floor". We know what our rights are under the
Constitution, and we intend to defend them to the
last extremity. Every pledge the South has made
has been religiously redeemed. There is no blot,
no blemish, upon her bright escutcheon. And we
demand nothing to which we are not clearly en-
titled. We claim that we are co-equal partners in
the Confedeiacy. We claim the right to carry
our property into the common Territories, and to
have it protected while there. We ask that our
fugitive slaves shall be returned, that peaee and
quiet shall bG restored, and that this slavery ag-
itation shall cease forever.
I have never desired a dissolution of this Union,
but should the Black-Republican party obtain the
control of the Government, I shall be for disunion.
Heretofore its burdens have been chiefly borne by
the South, as the statistics which I have before nie
will clearly, prove; and we have patriotically sub-
mitted to it because of our veneration for the Union
The House being in the Committee of the^Vln
of our fathers. For the future, I would demand
that all the compromises and guarantees of the
Constitution shall be rigidly enforced, and I would
stake the Union upon the issue. And even in the
event of its dissolution, I shall have no fears for
the South. With a territory larger than all of
Europe; with our cotton now swelling up in value
to more than two hundred million dollars; with
our rice and sugar and tobacco; with a people
united in feelingand sentiment, she has within her
own borders all the elements of a splendid republic.
If, then, we arc to have no peace; if those aggres-
sions arc still to be continued; if this sectional
warfare is never to cease, the South, with the
strong arms and brave hearts of her gallant sons,
will build up her own eternal destiny.
THE HOMESTEAD BILL: ITS FRIENDS AND
ITS FOES.
SPEECH OP HON. WM. "WINDOM,
• OP MINNESOTA,
In the House of Representatives,
March 14, I860.
'hole on tlic
state of the Union-
Mr. WINDOM said: \
Mr. Chairman: More than three months have
elapsed since the Representatives of the people of
this great nation assembled at the capital, for the
purpose of transacting the business of the coun-
try. Numerous subjects of vital importance to
those whom we came here to serve stood out
prominently before us and demanded prompt at-
tention. Among these, I may mention a Iaw
granting the public, domain in limited quantities
to actual occupants; the protection of the lives and
property of our citizens by judicious appropria-.
tions for the improvement of our rivers and har-
bors; wise and prudent national aid to a Pacific
railroad by that route which is the most feasible,
and which will contribute most to the development
of the resources of the nation, and to the encour-
agement of its great agricultural, commercial, and
manufacturing interests; simple justice to the Ter-
ritory of Kansas, by her admission into the Union
as a State without further delay; and a thorough
and searching investigation of the alleged extrav-
agance, profligacy, and corruption, of the present
Administration.
The country had the right to expect, and did
expect, that all these subjects, and many others
which I might name, would receive from Con-
gress careful and prompt consideration.
But what has been the spectacle presented to
the country and to the world ? How has the trust
reposed in us by a confiding constituency been
executed } Instead of proceeding at once, in an
orderly and parliamentary manner, to organize
the House, the Democratic party, which professes
so much holy horror of the agitation of scctional
questions—and which in my State fulminates so
many anathemas against the Republican party,
as the party of agitation—spent eight long weeks
in making inflammatory and treasonable appeals
to the already over-excited sectional passions and
predjudices of the nation. The sun could not be
permitted to go down upon our first day's work,
until Democratic orators on the other side had
thrust the slavery question upon us, and proved
their love of slavery by showing their disregard
of the Constitution and the Union. During the
entire eight weeks of disorder and chaos which
reigned m this Hall, members of that party con-
tinued to repeat their daily threats of disunion,
secession, and treason, until the country became
disgusted with the f.uce, ani only smiled deri-
sively at the perpetrators of such egregious folly.
Threats that, in the event of the election of a
Republican President in 1860, they would "rend
the Union from turret to foundation stone;" that
such an election " ought to be resisted to the dis-
ruption of every tie that binds this Confederacy
together;" that "if you [the Republican party]
present your sectional candidate m'186U, elect him
as the representative of your system of labor, and take
possession of the Government as the instrument
of your power in this contest of ' irrepressible
conflict,' roe of the South will tear this Constitution
inpieecs, and look to our guns for justice against
aggression and wrong." Threats such as these,
by being so often repeated, became stale and
meaningless, and towards the end of the contest
for Speaker failed to command enough of inter-
est to excite even a smile. Denunciation and
misrepresentation of the Republican party and its
principles were fully indulged in by the other
side, and answered, as such baseless charges de-
serve to be, by silence and by orderly and per-
sistent efforts to organize the House and proceed
with the business of the country.
I do not allude to these things, Mr. Chairman,
with the desire to give additional publicity to the
disreputable conduct of the Democratic party; for
I would gladly, for my country's sake and the
honor of her fair name, blot out the doings of that
party during those eight weeks from the pages
of history. I mention them only for the purpose
of expressing the hope, that as the Democratic
party has sufficiently shown the true character of
its professed conservatism and love of the Union,
we may now be permitted to give our attention
to those measures which are of some importance
to the country.
All I desire to say at this time upon the exciting
subject of slavery is, that while the people whom
I have the honor to represent will not consent that
the crack of the oppressor's whip or the clank of
the bondsman's chains shall be heard, or the foot-
prints of the slave traced, in any of theTerritories
of this nation, they do not intend or desire to in-
terfere with the domestic affairs of the people of
any other State. They are loyal to the Constitu-
tion, and'they love the Union too well to enter
into any discussion of its value or the costs of its
dissolution. They feel that its blessings were
purchased by the blood of their fathers, and shall
be preserved, if need be, by their own.
Mr. Chairman, my time will not permit an ex-
tended discussion of the many questions which
are presented to this committee by the President's
message and accompanying documents, and I will
therefore confine myself to a few remarks on
what I conceive to be the most important measure
which can come before this or any other Congress
—the bill granting " free homes to the homeless."
It is difficult to comprehend, sir, how a measure
so eminently just in itself, and so fraught with
good results to all parts of the country, and to
every class of our citizens, can find an opponent
in or out of these Halls. And yet the records of
the last Congress show that it did meet with act-
ive, determined, and persistent opposition from
the Democraticside of this House, and from Dem-
ocratic Senators at the other end of the Capitol.
Although every Republican Senator, and every
Republican member of the House, except Mr.
Nichols, of Ohio, at the last session, voted for this
measure, it failed to become a law. It is true that,
by the votes of the Republican party and of a few
northern and western Democrats, it passed the
House, but when it entered the Senate it met and
grappled with the " Cuba bill," and fell in the
unequal contest, strangled by Democratic hands.
This struggle between the Republican party, as
the friend of the toiling millions of the country,
and the Democratic party, as the champion of the
aristocratic, pampered, pun|e-prou(l few, who re-
gard the laboring man as a slave, and estimate
his importance only by the amount of money they
can wring from his hard-earned pittance, is no
new struggle. It is only a slight modification of
that "irrepressible conflict"—as old as avarice
itself—between the sons of toil, on the one hand,
struggling for food and raiment, and for an hum-
ble home beneath whose roof they may shelter
their wives and children, and grasping, insatiate
capital on the other, seeking to erect for itself
luxurious palaces upon the bones and muscles
and heart's blood of those whom it is pleased to
designate the "mud-sills" of society.
The struggle between capital and labor hais ever
been a fearful one. It has caused tlironefto crum-
ble and brought the heads of tyrants to the block.
But, alas! too often capital has prevailed in the
contest, and labor has been crushed beneath the
iron heel of oppression. The fate which this
measure met in the Democratic Senate, and at the
hands of Democratic Representatives, at the last
session of Congress, shows the true position of
that party in this gr.eat conflict.
An honorable Democratic Senator, [Mr. Clay,
