THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS,"PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIYES, WASHINGTON, D. 0.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, JANUARY 28, 1860.
. New Series No.!
the respect of all who know them. Disagreeing
with these gentlemen in regard to their construc-
tion oftheXJonstitution, I paid them the tribute of
my respect for their zeal, their devotion to what
they regarded to be their duty. For an oppressed
and hated race these men have devoted years of
self-sacrificing toil. I do not agree in many of
their views—-I differ widely from them. I do not
think they have labored always wisely, but of
their sincere devotion no one can doubt; and 1
then paid them a humble tribute of respect, and
I shall not recall those words here or elsewhere.
Sir, I disagree with the Senator from Mississippi
as I do with Garrison in his views of the Consti-
tution and of the Union; but I have often, in pub-
lic and in private, in my section of the country,
borne the sincere tribute of my admiration of his
ability, intelligence, and fidelity to his convic-
tions.
The Senator arraigns me for having, in that
speech, paid a compliment to the reformers of
England, while he says I arraigned England for
forcing slavery upon this continent. Why, sir,
does not the Senator know that, for nearly two
centuries, the party in favor of slavery and the
slave trade controlled the Government of England,
and shaped her policy, and that, too, against the
protests in later years of the noblest and best in-
tellects of England? It is not the class of men
who planted slavery in America to whom I paid
the tribute of my admiration. Nor is it the class
of men who were upholding the course of Eng-
land in India, that I regard to-day as one of the
greatest crimes of this nineteenth century; for,
when I think of the wrongs England has perpe-
. trated in India, I can hardly bear that an English-
man should reproach me or reproach my country
with holding any number of men in bondage. I
say that I paid my tribute of respect to that class
of men who, during this century, have abolished
the slave trade; have given freedom to eight hun-
dred thousand bondmen in the West Indies; who
have carried reforms in England that have en-
larged the privileges of the people; and who, to-
day , are engaged in pressing upon the Government
reforms that will enlarge their rights and their
privileges. A more devoted class of advocates
of human rights the sun in his course across the
heavens never looked down upon than have acted
in England during the present century. They
have carried their reforms against hailstorms of
abuse; just such abuse as is now heaped upon us
on this side of the water by gentlemen who are
but repeating the words of English presses and
English statesmen—of blind and fanatical con-
servatism.
The Senator refers to my remarks yesterday
as to the slave power; and the Senator, in this
connection, does not seem to understand what I
mean by the slave power. I will tell the Senator,
and I will try to make him understand what I
mean by it. When I speak of the slave power of
this Government, I mean the political influence
of slavery in the Government of this country.
When the Constitution was made, there were
about six hundred thousand slaves in this coun-
try. They were not, on an average, worth §100
apiece. Slavery, as an element of political power,
was utterly contemptible. There were in the con-
stitutional convention and in the early Govern-
ment a class of men from South Carolina and
Georgia representing slave interests; but the great
mass nf the men representing the southern States,
especially Virginia, were men opposed to the ex-
tension of slavery, opposed to the slave trade, and
openly in favor of the policy of emancipation.
These six hundred thousand now have increased
to four million. Their value, when the Govern-
ment commenced, was estimated at forty or fifty
million dollars, and it has increased to more than
two thousand million. Here is a vast material
interest. This interest is upheld by State law;
and the result is, that men in favor of perpetuating
and extending this system of slavery over this
continent have obtained the control of the sover-
eign States of this Union, Why, sir, would Vir-
ginia send Washington to these Halls if he were
38
living? Would Virginia send Jefferson here on
the avowals he made—avowals such as have never
been equaled by any man on this continent against
slavery ? Would Virginia send Madison ana Pat-
rick Henry and George Mason, or men who made
the declarations they made, into these Chambers
now? Would Maryland send Luther Martin?
Would she send William Pinkney here now to
represent her sentiments9 Would North Carolina
send Judg'e Gaston and Judge Iredell—men who
have left upon the record of the country their
sentiments m favor of the emancipation of the
bondman? No, sir. I tell you this slave power
has banished from the councils of the nation not
only all of that class of men, but nearly all of the
old Henry Clay Whigs and the followers of
Andrew Jackson, the old national men; and
Congress now is made up of the disciples of Mr.
Calhoun, of the men who have dethroned Jeffer-
son as the apostle of Democracy, and enthroned
Calhoun as theiv philosopher, guide, and friend.
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator allow me to
make an inquiry, that I may learn exactly his
position? Do I understand the Senator to mean
by the slave power, as he expresses it, the rep-
resentation of the slaves provided for by the Con-
stitution ?
Mr. WILSON. 1 will answer the Senator
frankly; 110, sir, I do not. I will tell the Senator
what I do mean. I will try to make myself un-
derstood on this point. I mean the influence that
results from the holding of four million men as
property, valued at two or three thousand million
dollars. The holding of it by law, and the desire
to extend it and perpetuate it, have developed an
element of political power; it is bold, arrogant,
aggressive; it governs the States; it governs the
Federal Government to-day.
The Senator from Mississippi wanted me to
state, and he said he had called for it before, what
we considered the aggressions of this slave power.
Well, sir, I will endeavor to give the Senator from
Mississippi some information upon this point of
aggression. He seems to sccsnone. I will state
a few of those points; and if the Senator does not
see slavery aggression in those points, then I think
he must have come to the conclusion that slavery
is imperial, and lias the right and the power to do
what it pleases in the government of this country.
I choose to go back only some twenty-five yeais.
When we framed the Constitution, the people of
the free States were not responsible for the exist-
ence of slavery in their national capital. You
fixed this capital here, 011 the banks of the Po-
tomac; you accepted the slave laws of Maryland
and Virginia; accepted the slave code that existed
here; and here, in the national capital,in the eyes
of representatives of freemen, in the face of rep-
resentatives of foreign Governments; here, in the
capital of this democratic Republic of ours, sla-
very and the slave trade existed aod flourished;
and we, the people of the United States, wore all
responsible for the existence of slavery and the
slave trade in this District. The Federal Gov-
ernment has complete constitutional power in this
District to govern it. The people of a portion of
the country sent their petitions here asking Con-
gress to abolish the slave trade. This constitu-
tional right of petition, this right that is above the
Constitution, as Caleb Cushing said on the floor
of the House of Representatives—a light won by
our ancoRtorson the battle-fields of the Old World,
which they brought with them here—1 «ay this
right of petition, for seven years, in these Halls
was cloven down; yes, sir. that right was cloven
down here 011 the floor of the Senate and of the
House of Representatives. Does not the Senator
from Mississippi call that an aggression upon the
rights of freemen, to deny their petitions a hearing
in the Halls of the Congress of the United States?
It was abandoned after a battle of seven years
against that aggressive policy of the slave power.
Then, sir, ex-President Adams presented a pe-
tition purporting to come from a few slaves; and
a vote of censure was moved upon him, and the
Hall of the House of Representatives rang with
bitter and fiery denunciations of that venerable
statesman-for presenting that petition of a f^w
poor slaves to tnis great nation. Then Joshua -R.
Giddings submitted a series of resolutions, ex-
pressing his views of international law; and for
that act, which he had a right t'o do, which any
man in either branch of Congress had, a right to
do, a vote of censure was passed upon him under
the lead of this slave-aggressive policy. That
vote of censure was rebuked by the manly senti-
ments of his people. During those same days,
when the right of petition was cloven down on
this floor and in the other Hall, the mails of the
United States were examined by postmasters in
the southern States. Those mails were rifled, and
in Charleston, South Carolina, they were burned;
and the Postmaster General of the United States
wrote a letter in which he said he could not ap*
prove, but he would not condemn. Was,not that
an aggression, an outrage ? Yes, sir, was it not
an aggression and an outrage ? Will the Senator
answer?
For years, the neutrality laws of the United
States, under the expanding influences of this
slave power, were openly violated, and then came
that question of the annexation of Texas to this
Union. While that great question was pending,
that was to give to this country three hundred
thousand square miles of slave soil, Mr. .Calhoun,
the leader of the slave interests during his life, in-
sulted the moral and religious sentiments of .the
people of this country, by sending to France, in
the face of Europe, a public document avowing
that the annexation of Texas was for the purpose
of strengthening slavery in the United States.
Was not this aggression? Was it not an outrage
upon the sentiments of men who believe slavery
to be an evil, to be a wrong, that the Secretary of
State should send a public document to Europe to
notify the Christian and civilized world that the
Republic of the United States proposed to annex
a foreign nation in order to uphold and perpetuate,
slavery ?
Then, sir, came the Mexican war, the result
of that annexation; the predicted result of it; and
whatever may have been the cost of life, or of
treasure of that great contest, the aggressive policy
of slavery is responsible for it. When the ter-
ritories winch we acquired from Mexico came to
us, the people of the free States wished to pre-
serve them to free labor and free laboring men.
The Democracy of the free States, in their con-
ventions, in their Legislatures, and all their Rep-
resentatives in these Chambers, with two excep-
tions, voted for the application of the proviso,
prohibiting slavery to the Mexican acquisitions;
but the slave power, that the Senator from Missis-
sippi cannot comprehend, cannot see, proclaimed
that, if the Democracy of the North did not aban-
don that position, the Democratic party of this
country was to be rent asunder and destroyed;
and under the iron rule of this slave power, the
Democratic leaders throughout the free States
changed their principles, abandoned the doctrine
of continuing free the Territories of the United
States that came to us free. Then, sir, California
came here asking for admission into the Union as
a sovereign State. She came here robed in the
garments of freedom; but the influenceof slavery,
the slave power of which we are speaking, in this
Chamber held California here for months knock-
ing at the doors of the Union for admission. In
the hour of their triumph, they gave to Texas
fifty or sixty thousand square miles of territory,
large enough to make a State like Virginia, and
paid her $10,000,000 to take it; when, according
to the words of Mr. Benton, it was but a mere
claim, not an established right. General Hous-
ton raised the claim to this vast territory; but it
was not acknowledged by Mexico, or established
by occupation. General Houston admitted, I
think; that this was a claim, not an acknowledged
right.
Mr. WIGFALL. Will the Senator permit me
to ask him when Senator Houston ever said Texas
had no right to the eastern portion of her terri-
tory; that"it was only a claim, and not a right?
Mr. WILSON. Senator Houston admit-
