594
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
ted, I ai*a sure, the doctrine that it was not a set-
tled right, but a claim of Texas.
Mr. WIGFALL. Will you point me to when
and where?
Mir. "WILSON. I cannot do it now.
Mr. WIGFALL. 1 wish you would do it.
- Mr.* WILSON. I believe it to be so.
Mr. WIGFALL. I should like to know when
that was said.
• Mr. WILSON. I am quite sure he made that
admission publicly, and that he so stated here.
Mr. WIGFALL. Stated to you personally ?
Mr. WILSON. So stated here, I am quite sure,
in my hearing. Texas had not established that
claim, and we gave her fifty or sixty thousand
square miles; and we gave her $10,000,000. That
was the settlement. Then came the fugitive slave
law. I am not here to deny constitutional pro-
visions 5 but I take it, if there be a provision in
the Constitution of the United States for the ren-
dition of fugiti ves, the other provisions of that Con-
stitution, in any law that may be made, arc to be
carried out. There are those who believe that fugi-
tive slave law to be unconstitutional. There are
those who believe the time will come when that
fugitive slave act of 1850, in its various provis-
ions, will be pronounced unconstitutional by the
general judgment of the nation.
Then, sir, came the repeal of the Missouri com-
promise; and the Senator from Mississippi has
made a complaint against us as the violators of
that compromise, and not the mon who repealed
it. What is tho argument? A bargain is made;
one part has all the benefits of that bargain; when
the hour comes for the other to have its benefits
it fs taken from them; and what is the argument
of the Senator from Mississippi? It amounts to
just this: we made a bargain; he and I make a
"bargain in regard to a special measure; he wishes
to apply it to another matter; 1 refuse to do it; and
then the Senator says, as you refuse to do that, I
will break the old bargain. That is the whole of
it—no more, no less.
Then, sir, following the repeal of the Missouri
compromise came the invasion of five thousand
Missourians into Kansas. Was not that an ag-
gression? They took tho ballot-boxes; thoyrlected
a Legislature; they passed a slave code; they es-
tablished slavery. They passed laws making it
a penitentiary offense for a fieeman to say that
slavery did not exist there. Any northern man
who should say, in that Territory, that slavery
did not exist there, was liable to two years in the
penitentiary. Was not that an aggression ? The
same nctsprovided that any man who was opposed
to holding slaves in the Territory of Kansas could
not sit upon a jury in a case of that kind. ,
What was done with the men who led in these
lawless acts of violence and fraud in the Territory
of Kansas? Clark, who murdered Barbwr, was
in office, and has since been appointed to another
office, and confirmed by the Senate. Emory, who
led the band that murdered Phillips, is now in
office in tho Territory. Henderson, who had the
control of the Delaware frauds, of which so much
has been said, ha^held office in that Territory.
Many men engage* in those acts have been upheld "
by the Government.
Then, sir, came the Lccompton constitution.
Was not that an aggression? It came to this
Chamber, and although it was known by every
intelligent man in the country that it was not the
will of the people of Kansas, it was pressed in
these Halls for months. The attempt was made to
force that constitution upon an unwilling people,
a protesting people, a people who were imploring
you to reject it.
Then, sir, came the English bill, another of those
measures of aggression, not only an aggression
but an insult, for it said to Kansas, " You may
come into the Union as a slave State, with your
present population; but if you decline to comcmto
the Union with your present population, a* a slav*e
State, you shall not come into the Union until you
have ninety-three thousand inhabitants." This
was the distinction, a distinction made in that bill,
that a State, with us present population, could
come into the Union as a slave State, but. if it
would not come in as a slave State, it shoula stay
out of the Union until it had ninety-three thou-
sand inhabitants. The people of Kansas rejected
and spurned your proposition, by ten thousand
majority. That is not all. They have held a con-
vention; they have framed a constitution; thoy ;
now ask admission into the Union asa free State;
it has gone through all the forms of law; and yet
that slave power this day and this hour is man-
aging, maneuvering to keep Kansas out of the
Union this session, under a constitution of her
own making, and I expect to see that aggression
triumph.
Then we have the new constitutional construc- j
tion of the right of the master to carry his slaves
into the Territories, and hold them there as prop-
erty, under the protection of the Constitution of
the United States. This is a new reading, a new
doctrine, a doctrine we reject, and it is an aggres-
sive policy. Itisintendedas a policy of aggression.
It is not intended so much for the present as for
the future. Why, sir, I find a letter written by the
Senator from Alabama, [Mr. Clay,] in which he
refers to these matters,and speaks of the practical
importance to the South of maintaining and uphold-
ing this doctrine of the right of the master to carry
his slaves intoaTerntory, under the protection of
the Federal Constitution, and we have before us
this very resolution of the Senator from Missis-
sippi, [Mr. Brown,] asking the Senate of the Uni-
ted States to pronounce upon this doctrine, and,
not only to accept the doctrine, but to accept its
consequences and pass a slave codc for the gov-
ernment of slavery m all the Territories of the
United States.
Then, sir, a few years ago we had the Ostend
manifesto. That was dictated by this influence
of slavery. It was a declaration that disgraced
the diplomacy of the country in the face of the
civilized world, and there is no American that can
look the world in the face and read that manifesto
who will not hang his head.
We have sought the acquisition of Cuba to
strengthen slavery. During the last ten years we
have had a balance of trade against us in Cuba of
one hundred and forty or one hundsed and fifty
million dollars. We had the offer, five years
ago, of a commercial treaty with Spain in regard
to the Island of Cuba. A proposition was made
to Mr. Perry, stating the readiness of the Spanish
Government to make commercial treaties with us;
and had this Government looked at the interest of
the country, instead of seeking the acquisition of
that island, which we aru told they would not take
if it was free, they would have made a commer-
cial treaty by winch the material interests of this
country would have been cared for. &o it is with
Mexico; so it is with Central America. The pol-
icy of the acquisition of territory for the purpose
of planting slavery in it has alienated the affec-
tions of the people of this continent south of us
towards us. These people now hate us and lVar
us, and our commcrcial interests with the nations
south of us on this continent are, and have been,
sacrificed, because it is the policy of the slave
power to acquire territory in which to plant sla-
very. 1 charge that this aggressive policy, this
expansive policy of the slave power, is sacrificing
the material, the manufacturing, the commercial
interests of this country.
There is another subject to which I wish to re-
fer. They have a law m South Carolina, or rather
a .series ot laws in that State, by which, when a
vessel comes into the harbors of that State, if a
colored inhabitant of a northern State is on board
that vessel, he shall be imprisoned, the writ of
habeas corpus denied him, and he compelled to pay
his own jail fees. In 1843, Massachusetts sent
to South Carolina one of the foremost advocates
and men of our State. He went to that State to
have this law tested in the judicial tribunals of
the country; and this law was pronounced by
William Wirt to be unconstitutional—this law
was pronounced by Judge Johnson, of the Su-
preme Court of the United Suites, a son of South
Carolina, to be an unconstitutional law. Massa-
chusetts sent one of the first lawyers of the* coun-
try to test this question in the courts of the coun- j
try, and hp was forcibly expelled from that State; j
and to add to that indignity, a law was passed )
imposing the highest penalties if any person came I
into that State for the purpose of obstructing this !
law by any legal process. Does not the Senator
from Mississippi regard that as an aggression?
Is it not an outrage ?
Mr. HAMMOND. I do not feel disposed to
mteirupt the Senator, or to say anything on that
subject; but on a proper occasion it will be very
easy to show that that is perfectly warranted.
We passed a police law in South Carolina for our
own personal protection. Certain classes of peo-
ple came there and interfered with our domestic
affairs. Was it an aggression to repel them or
put them under surveillance, or do what wcpleased
with them, while they were there? Wc did not
bring them there. They came voluntarily.
Mr. WILSON. I shall be very glad, Mr. Pres-
ident, to have the Senator from South Carolina,
on a fit occasion, endeavor to vindicate the policy
of that law. Let me say, however, to that Sen-
ator now in passing, that when South Carolina
passes laws to protect herself, she has no right to
infringe upon the constitutional rights of others.
If any persons go into that State and violate her
laws, she will punish them. Of that I do not
complain; but, sir, what right has South Carolina
to pass an act that colored citizens of Massachu-
setts, when they go into the harbor of Charleston,
who are innocent of crime, shall, merely because
they happen to be colored men,be taken and im-
prisoned before they commit any offense?
Mr. HAMMOND. All this grows out of the
peculiar differences in the domestic institutions of
the North and the South. Different laws must
be made to suit different countries and different
systems. Colored people arc not citizens in South
Carolina. Wc cannot recognize them cither as
citizens of South Carolina or citizens of Massa-
chusetts; and the Supreme Court has since decided
that they are not citizens of the United States.
They are therefore not entitled to the constitu-
tional provision that places the citizens of the dif-
ferent States on an equality within each other's
limits. Wc had reason to believe that it was dan-
gerous to tins peace of our community and to our
peculiar institutions, to permit them to come there.
Let me say again, that all this grows out of what,
the Senators on the other side do not seem at all
to comprehend; that we live under distinctly dif-
ferent social systems, and must have peculiar laws.
Without intending to aggress upon anybody else,
or to infringe on the rights of any individual, much
less of any State or of any section, wc must be
allowed to take care of ourselves. That law to
which the Senator alludes, has been materially
modified. It has been ascertained that it was un-
necessarily sev<>re, nnd instead of incarcerating
the coloied persons in jail, they arc now kept under
surveillance, perhaps allowed to stay on their ves-
sels; I do not recollect the exact modification, but
they are no longer subject to the same imposi-
tions they were before. ' This South Carolina has
done voluntarily; and thus South Carolina and
all the South would ameliorate the condition of
the slaves if they were let alone. It has been
done. They arc ameliorating it: and we could
go on to a greater degree, if we were let alone.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator says they live
under different social systems and they must have
their way of protecting themselves. Well, sir, I
am willing that they shall protect themselves; but
in protecting themselves 1 say they have no right
to infringe on the rights of others. What are we
to think of a social system that requires this sac-
rifice of the rights of others ?
Mr. CHESNUT. Let me say to the Senator
from Massachusetts that the ground we assume
in South Carolina on that point, the ground which
has been sustained by the courts, is that every
State has a constitutional right to pass such police
laws as will protect itself against any trouble.
You pass your police laws in New York and in
every seaport town in the country; you quaran-
tine vessels; you raise all sorts of'barriers of pro-
tection against evils which you anticipate. Now,
in South Carolina we havfc the same right, and it
has been so decided by the courts, under the rule
of police regulations, to p'rotect ourselves against
interference with our rights and interests by the
Senator from Massachusetts and his people. I
put it upon the broad principle that he has no right
to claim for a negro from Massachusetts, or for
a negro from elsewhere, that he shall become his
emissary under the pretended rights guarantied
by the Constitution to the citizens of this country
—that he shall insinuate him upon us under any
such pretense. We claim that as a right of sov-
ereignty belonging to all free people, the'right of
self-protcction by police regulations and other-
wise.
Mr. WILSON. I want to call the attention of
the Senators from South Carolina to the precise
and exact issue. In Massachusetts, and m sev-
eral of our States, the colored men are regarded,
