THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2,
we.propose to restore the estimates; and let those
who think those estimates are excessive, sliow
wherein they are so. We have no reason to sus-
peot them. They were al! made at the beginning
of the session, and'were open to-the inspection
of every one. Those gentlemen who are in the
habit of investigating such subjects .have doubt-
less looked at them. If there were reasons why
we should refuse these appropriations, they ought
to be given. In the absence of any reason, when
it appears that they were arbitrarily cut down for
a mere general purpose of reducing expenses, the
Committee on Finance have thought it their duty
to restore them.
Mr. COLLAMER. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the amendment.
XThe yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. PEARCE. Before the vote is taken, I would
remark on one or two items. Here is an appro-
priation asked for of $92,000 for a new barracks
at Fort Monroe. That is a large item in this
aggregate of $593,000. These barracks have been
constructed for a great many years. They are
very much out of repair. They are excessively
infested with rats and vermin of every descrip-
tion. They are really not lit for the troops to
remain in, with any regard to their health. It is
manifestly proper that such an appropriation as
that should be made. I cannot now turn to that
part of the papers accompanying the Secretary
of War's report m which this information is given;
but I have read it, and I know that it is so. I
have been there, and, in fact, know that they are
in that condition. I was there ten years ago, and
then they were very much dilapidated, and 1 pre-
sume they are now. That is a single item in re-
gard to which I happen to have information.
There are estimates for the repairs of, barracks
at other places. In the department of the West
there il something like thirty or thirty-five thou-
sand dollars at three different forts mentioned in
the estimates. Then, in the department of Texas,
there is something like one hundred and fifteen
or one hundred and twenty thousand dollars for
repairs of barracks there; and I know that in
Texas we are sometimes put to large expense in
renting establishments for the cover and protec-
tion of troops. As for each specific item, this
committee does not and cannot undertake to in-
vestigate the condition of every particular bar-
rack at every particular military station in the
United States; but we do know, of some of them,
that they require the appropriations which are
asked for, and we reasonably assumed that such
is the case in regard to others; and if it is not,
those who object ought to show a valid reason
why they should not be allowed.
Mr. DAVIS. The particular item to which the
Senator from Maryland has referred was deemed
so important that, after the reduction of the esti-
mates in the House, the Secretary of War sent a
communication to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs of the Senate, asking them to provide an
amendment to restore thatamount, so as to enable
him to make the necessary repairs and construc-
tions of barracks and posts. There is also a ne-
cessity, on account of the location of some of the
new summer cantonments and frontier posts, for
the purchase of stoves, they being in a situation
where they cannot getf material to build chimneys
as cheap. If the Senator from Illinois will refer
to the detailed estimates of the quartermaster's
department, he will find every item stated; and
it seems to me but fair, us has been stated by the
Senator from Maryland, that before an attempt is
made to reduce an estimate, the particular item
should be selected and marked for reduction. To
announce that §593,882 GO is too much, and there-
fore we will make it §300,000, is child's play, to
say no worse, if you cut down the appropriation
this year, you merely make a deficiency the next,
if the service must be performed. It will require
more the next year, if it be a barracks going out
of repair, than if you made the appropriation
this year. If the House and the Senate thmlc
proper to disallow some estimate that is made,
to say that some service shall not be performed;
that some expenditures shal! not be made, and
erase that item, then it is an intelligible thing.
The Department governs the service by the in-
struction of the Congress, and the appropriation
being reduced, the service is reduced; but this
gross manner of reduction in a mere item of the
bill, without indicating what service is to be re-
duced, avails nothing except, to increase subse-
quent expenditure, or to bring in a bill for defi-
ciencies the next year.
Mr. WILSON. I suppose, sir, that the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means in the House had
these estimates before them, as well as the Senate
Committee on Finance, and the committee in the
House reported $300,000; that is the sum which
was granted last year. I do not agree with the
Senatorfrom Mississippi, that because these esti-
mates have been made, we arc therefore to single
out the items for which the appropriations are to
be made, and reject the others. These estimates
were made. In the opinion of the House of Rep-
resentatives, $300,000 was all that was necessary
to be expended for these purposes; and they left
the Secretary of War the discretion of saying how
he would spend that amount, and what matters
he can dispense with best. The expenses of the
War Department have increased very largely.
Mr. PEARCE. They are reduced this year.
Mr. WILSON. They have decreased, it is
true, this year; but for the last few years the ex-
penses of that Department have increased until
they amount to a very large sum. I think it is
for the Congress of the United States to say what
amount shall be expended for the Army. I do
not think we are under any obligations to take
the estimates of the Department, although those
estimates come here in detailed form. I shall vote
for this bill as it comes from the House of Rep-
resentatives, for I have great confidence in the
Committee of Ways and Means of that House in
regard to this subject.
It is said by gentlemen here that if we reduce
this sum the Department will expend the money,
and then we shall have a deficiency bill. I hope
the Department will do no such tiling; but that
they will expend the money which is granted,
and no more, and expend that money for such
services as are absolutely necessary to carry on
the Government; and that we shall adopt, in re-
gard to the Army, as well as other Departments,
the most rigid economy that is possible to be
adopted.
Mr, DAVIS. There are a few cases not at all
covered by the remarks of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts. If he will look at the item, he will
find that it is only for posts which it may be neces-
sary to occupy during the year:
" For repairing, filtering, and eularuin^ building at the
e*tabli*lieij po^t*, im-ladin^ lure or commutation of quar-
ters inroltic'-i.soii military duty; lure ot'quarters lor troops ;
ol'ritoio.liouaes 1'or tin; keepin^ot'military stores; of giouutU
lor summer cantonments," &e.
Congress surely have the right to control the
expenditures of the Department. They can di-
rect where the troops shall be stationed, if they
please. They can require the troops to be con-
centrated. They can reduce the expenditures in
that manner, and reduce them very largely. In-
stead of that, however, the action of Congress has
been the reverse ever since I have known any-
thing-of it. The point of my remark, which it
seems was not appreciated, was, that if a partic-
ular service is to be performed, and an estimate is
made of that service by persons experienced in
it, it is the duty of Congress to change the ser.vice,
if they wish to reduce it; not to say to the Depart-
ment, " you shall perform the service with less
money." It has been tried, and cannot be done.
The chances arc ten to one that they will fall short,
rather than exceed the annual estimate.
Then, again, suppose that, at a post occupied—
that seems to be the purpose of this clause of the
bill—the buildings are going out of repair, and
you allow them to go for a year, falling more and
more into decay; at the end of tile year your ex-
penditures will be greater than they would have
been if the appropriation had been made tins year.
If you postpone, the amount will necessarily in-
crease. The hire of store-houses, the transpor-
tation of troops, and such other things as enter
generally into the quartermaster's department,
cannot be postponed. Thcyare expenditures au-
thorized by law to be made, whether he has money
or not. They therefore form the just cases of
deficiency; and whenever Congress does not ap-
propriate a sufficient sum of money, you cannot
prevent it by cutting down the sum, unless you
change the service.
The question being, taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 24, nays 17: as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. tiayaril, Benjamin, Era®, Bright, Ches-
nut, Cllngman, Davis, Fessenden, Pitch, Fitzpatiiek, Fos
ter, Green, Hemphill,Ivcrson, Johnson ol Tennessee, Ken-
nedy, Lane, Latham, Mason, Nicholson, Peaice, Rice,
Simistmry, and Wigfall—-24.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Chandler, Ciark,
Collamer, Dixon, DoolittIe,*Durke>,Hale,Hamlin,Harlan,
King, Sumner, Ten Eyek, Trurnbuil, Wilkinson, and Wil-
son—]7.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The noxt amendment of the Finance Commit-
tee was in linns one hundred and forty-four and ,
one hundred and forty-five, to increase the ap-
propriation "for ordnance stores and supplies,
including horse equipments for the mounted regi-
ments," from $250,000 to §300,000.
Mr. PEARCE. That is a restoration of the
estimates.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Poster.)
The amendments reported by the Committee on
Finance have now been acted on.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to strike out the latter
portion of the last clause in the bill. That clause
provides:
Foi the manufacture or purchase of apparatus ami equip-
ments for lieid signals, $2,0(H). Ami that there be added to
the staff of the Army one signal officer, with the rank, pay,
and allowance of a majoi of cavalry, who shall have charge,
undei the dnoction of the Secretary ol War, or' all signal
duty, and of all books, paper*, and appaiatus, connected
theiewith.
I move to strike out all after the word " dol-
lars."
Mr. LANE. How will it read then ?
Mr. DAVIS. As follows:
For the manufacture or purchase of apparatus and equip-
ments feu field signals, $-2,000.
It will not add any officer to the staff.
Mr. LANE. I think we had better have that
officer.
Mr. DAVIS. That is a question for the Senate
to decide.
Mr. LANE. I trust the amendment will not
prevail. I do not want to make a speech; I do
not want to take up the time of the Senate. I
look upon this provision of the bill as a very im-
portant one; and my own judgment, after consid-
ering the matter as well as I could—sufficient, at
least, to satisfy myself—is, that the provision of
the bill, as it stands, is important to the country,
and ought not to be stricken out; and I trust it
will not be stneken out.
Mr. KING. This is a proposition in relation
to signals, which a gentleman now connected with
the Army has invented, or has, in some mode,
improved, so as to reiulor his system satisfactory
to the Secretary of War, who, I understand-, is
very desirous to have this system introduced into
the Army. I understood that it had the sanction
of the Military Committee of the Senate. It was,
at any rate, before that committee, and I know
received the approval of many members of it.
There was a discussion as to what rank thisofiicer
should have. The question of rank from colonel
to captain was talked about, and it was finally
agreed that he should take the place of major. I
tlunk he holds the rank of captain now. Upon
the whole, I regard it as a desirable thing to make
the trial. The Secretary of "War, I think, de-
cidedly recommended it. I simply state that, in
my judgment, it is rather desirable to retain the
section, though the chairman of the committee
has a much better knowledge of all military affairs
than I have.
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senator from New York
had been a little more regular in Ins attendance on
the committee, he would have known that this
was not recommended by the committee.
Mr. KING. 1 did not say it was recommended.
I say, I understood it had the approbation of a
majority of the committee. It was spoken of
there. It was not recommended, I believe, and
I did not say so.
Mr. DAVIS. Neither the Secretary of War,
nor the committee, was for the measure as it
stands here. There are two facts, to'begin with.
My objection to it I will state very briefly.
Mr. ICING. Did I understand the Senator to
say that the Secretary of War was not favorable
to this ?
Mr. DAVIS. You understand from me just
what I say.
Mr. KING. I did not hear.
Mr. DAVIS. Weil, if you did not hear me, I
will repeat that the Secretary of War did not rec-
