1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and ever have been regarded, as citizens. They
have all the rights of citizens. They fought the
battles of the Revolution. They help to make the
laws; they obey the laws. In 1820, South.Caro-
lina passed this act. William Wirt, then Attor-
ney General of the United States, pronounced it
unconstitutional.
Mr. CHESNXJT. Does not the Senator know
that the Attorney General, Mr. Berrien, pro-
nounced it constitutional?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir, I do; but William
Wirt pronounced it unconstitutional. At that
time, Judge Johnson, of South Carolina, was on
the bench of the Supreme Court of the United
States, and he pronounced it unconstitutional.
Under these circumstances, men were impris-
oned, were punished, and some of them sold into
slavery. Massachusetts sent a lawyer to South
Carolina, to do what? To take that case before
the judicial tribunals to be pronounccd upon.
Mr. CHESNXJT. Will the Senator permit
me there to make a suggestion ?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. CIIESjN'UT. The view which governed
the people of South Carolina in the action which
they took upon that subject was this, and it was
warranted: a long and relentless warfare had been
made by the citizens of Massachusetts upon the
rights, the interests, and the safety of the people
of South Carolina. I say it was a long and relent-
less, and I will add perfidious and insidious, war-
fare under cover of the Constitution. The State
found it necessary, for self-protection, to pass
these police regulations to prevent those persons
who were hostile towards us from manifesting then-
hostility by the transmission of their emissaries
through the pretended rights of citizens under the
Constitution. The State felt it due to herself, to
her own safety, to consider, and she was author-
ized to consider, that this was but another mode
to bring thai question before the Supreme Court,
where wc did not know how it would be dccidod,
and did not care; we knew the right to pass such
laws was inherent in the. sovereignty of the
State, and we did not intend to submit it to any
tribunal. But, sir, we believe our action to be
constitutional. I know it to be constitutional on
all grounds of constitutional reasoning. The ex-
citement which prevailed in South Carolina at
ill at time was owing to the action of the people
of Massachusetts themselves; sind if the people of
South Carolina were induced, under this degree
of excitement, to eject the agent of Massachusetts
for making what he supposed, or what he in-
tended to be, a clamor against the State, the fault
is theirs. As one of the citizons of South Caro-
lina, I would be willing to carry it to the Su-
preme Court, but not that the State should permit
it to go there. This state of things was brought
about, as well as has been all the subsequent
hostility between the sections, by the action of
Massachusetts itself. If the people of any of the
southern States act under excitement, and trans-
gress what maybe the limits of calmness, who is to
blame' Those who make war upon us. It was
a constitutional law; and if the agent of Massa-
chusetts was invited to leave the State, as he was—
for he was not ejected, though he might well have
been—under the circumstances and excitement
then prevailing in Charleston, the people were in-
duced to that excitement by the acts of the people
of Massachusetts long anterior, which were hos-
tile, persistent, intermeddling, and dangerous to
our repose and safety.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, the Senator
says this law grew my. of aggressions. This law
was passed in 1820.
Mr. CHESNUT. I said the ejection of your
messenger grew out of the previous condition of
excitement, and that the degree of excitement
there was imposed on the people by the action of
Massachusetts long before and continually.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President 
Mr. HAMMOND. If the Senator will allow
me to say one word more, I shall have done.
Mr. WILSON. Certainly.
Mr. HAMMOND. It so happens that I was
Governor of the State when Mr. Hoar came. I
had known him before in Congress, and he had
often avowed to me that he was not an Abolition-
ist. lie was a pleasant, kind old gentleman, well
informed, and I had a sort of friendship for him
during the short time that I sat near him in Con-
gress. He came, and sent me his commission
under the broad seal of the State of Massachu-
setts. Knowing that perhaps there mightbesome
violence done, I took care that no violence should
be done towards him; and although he was, as
you may say, ejected from the State, ho was only
told the situation and circumstances of affairs,
and politely asked, and escorted by some of the
first gentlemen of Charleston, to the boat. Why
did Massachusetts send us a commissioner but for
an incendiary purpose ? If she wished to try the
constitutionality of that law, she could have got
lawyers enough in Charleston.
Mr. WILSON. She tried.
Mr. HAMMOND. Well, then, if she could
not get a lawyer there, she qught to have known
that the state of public feeling was such that send-
ing a commissioner there was an act of aggression;
and what right had she to send a commissioner
there to produce an abolition excitement in the
city of Charleston?
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I am very glad
of the expose we have here to-day from South
Carolina, in regard to this law 
Mr. HAMMOND. I am not at all aware of
the fact that she could not got a lawyer there. I
doubt very much whether it is so. She could not
have tried all the lawyers. There are lawyers
enough now who would do it, and I believe al-
ways wore.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, South Caro-
lina has a law, passed when that Senator was Gov-
ernor, making it an offense against the law to act
as counsel in such a case, i hn^e the law before
me.
Mr. HAMMOND. That was after this.
Mr. WILSON. It was. _
Mr. HAMMOND. And in consequence of it.
Mr. WILSON. Now, Mr. President, let us
understand each other. The Senator from South
Carolina [Mr. Chusnut-] says that this excite-
ment in 1841 was owinji to the aggressions of
i
sions ?
Mr. CHESNUT. Shall I answer?
'Mr. WILSON. Certainly.
Mr. CHESNXJT. Why, sir, the aggressions
were of the most palpable and continual character
by the people of Massachusetts, by the citizens
of Massachusetts, by the Abolitionists of Massa-
chusetts. I suppose the new Republican party,
under its rebapti&mal name, had not appeared; but
Garrison, that teacher at whose font the gentleman
was baptized m his ideas of liberty—a man whose
opinion of the Constitution of the country is, that
it is a league with death and a covenant with hell—
that very teachcr from whom the gentleman, as
appeared from what was read hen; yesterday, had
taken his lessons of patriotism, oi'devotion to the
country and to liberty; that very man, and all his
class, had been exciting the people, sending abo-
lition emissaries, distributing abolition documents
to us. That was the aggression of the citizens of
Massachusetts, which the people of South Caro-
lina had aright to protect themselves against.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, the Senator
rose for the purpose of telling me what aggres-
sions had been perpetrated upon his own State,
and he states no aggression; ho has none to state.
The people of Massachusetts never made an ag-
gression on the people of South Carolina to this
hour, and that Senator cannot put his finger on a
solitary one. I defy him to do it.
Mr. CHESNXJT. _ If the Senator's defiancc is
thrown out, I ask him if he considers the de-
cided and deliberate action of the Legislature of
Massachusetts, which brings to nought a consti-
tutional law passed by the Congress of the Uni-
ted States, which law is to carry out the rights
guarantied by the Constitution to the people of
South Carolina, as well as to the people of other
southern States, is no aggression on the rights of
South Carolina? If the Senator considers a nulli-
fication of that act, in the manner in which it has
been done, as no aggression, (and he calls upon
me to point out an a^t of aggression to this day,)
I do not know what it, is. If the Senator thinks
that the Constitution is no better than it has been
described by Ins teacher, by the one from whom
he was proud to receive lessons, we differ as to
the nature of the Constitution of this country and
the obligations wo owe to it. He asked me for
the aggressions. I told linn I knew instances, and
everybody knows them, it is not required that
we should put our fingers on tlum. I would
point him, however, to the transmission through
the mails of the common country,. from* Massa-
chusetts, her citizens, and her people, constantly
attempting to flood our country, of incendiary
documents, intended to stir up servile war,'.and to
the teachings of her orators and the fulmiiiations
from her desecrated pulpits. Are these no ag-
gressions? They are, in my judgment; and as
such we are bound "to resist them, and exclude all
their vile emissaries and spies; and we will «3o it.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from South Car-
olina rises in his place here, and undertakes to
say that the agent sent by Massachusetts to South
Carolina to test an act in 1844 was driven from
the State, or ordered from the State, because Mas-
sachusetts had made aggressions upon South .Car-
olina. I have called upon him to specify what they
were. I do not find them specified.
Mr. HAMMOND. But one word. I do not
like the imputation to be made upon the State of
South Carolina that any bona fide citizen of Mas-
sachusetts, or of any part of the world,,cannot
get a lawyer there to defend him and to protect
his rights. A friend has just mentioned to me a
fact that did not occur to mo before, because I do
notkeen political orpublic chronicles. I go straight
forward, generally, to what is coming, and let the
dead bury the dead. But only a few years ago a
citizen, I believe of Massachusetts, was supposed
to be tampering with the negroes in the lower part
of South Carolina. He was taken up, flogged,
and otherwise maltreated. He went to Charles-
ton and employed the man who stands at the very
head of the bar in South Carolina, who instituted
a Suit and recovered before a South Carolina jury
$2,500 damages. I believe the same thing would
occur under any circumstances. Justice is done
in South Carolina; and the ministers of justice,,
the judges, the juiucs, and the lawyers, are always
ready.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from South Car-
olina, [Mr. Ciiesnut,] to whom I was replying,
made this statement, and I want to hold him to
it, and I mean to hold him to it here, that the -ex-
pulsion of Mr. Hoar, who went to South Carolina
in 1844 to test the constitutionality of the act of
1820, was owing to the outrages, the wrongs per-
petrated by the State of Massachusetts. Where
is the evidence of those wrongs perpetrated in
1843 or 1844, by Massachusetts ujron South Car-
olina r When he presents the specific acts, I shall
accept them, not till then. Itis not enough 
Mr. CHESNUT. _ Did the Senator never hear,
never know, of any interference by the citizens of
Massachusetts, any attempts upon their part to
induce hostile feeling among the slaves, to incitc
them to insurrection, to inculcate upon them dis-
obedience to their masters, the right to liberty,
and the right to assert their liberty r If he does
not, it seems to me he must have shut his eyes to
everything that passed around him. The world
knows it, and I think the Senator must know it.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I wish the Sen-
ator from South Carolina knew what he says the
world knows, and would give us the fact. I say
here, to-day, to that Senator, that he has not, and
the men with whom he associates never have, pro-
duced the shadow of evidence that any such at-
tempt was ever made by the citizens of Massa-
chusetts to incite slaves to insurrection in South
Carolina, at any time or on any occasion. Before
he makes that declaration again, I ask him to give
us one fact, one well authenticated fact.
But the other Senator from South Carolina [Mr.
Hammond] complains that we sent this agent, be-
cause we might have employed lawyers in Charles-
ton. I say to that Senator, thai Massachusetts
did endeavor to etigage lawyers in Charleston to
take this case, but she could not obtain a lawyer
in Charleston to test the case; and we sent Mr.
Hoar to South Carolina to try the case, and South
Carolina would not allow him to take that case
into court. She passed a law that one of her most
distinguished men on the bench of the Supreme
Court pronounced unconstitutional. Massachu-
setts wished to test it, and sent a lawyer there
when she could not obtain one in the State. The
one she sent was driven from the State, and then
a law was passed making it a penitentiary offense
to come there to try that matter again, ana making
it an offense for a South Carolina lawyer to take
a case of the kind.
On the 18th December, 1844, the Legislature of
South Carolina passed a law to prevent any per-
