1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1615
Statement showing the quantities of sugar produced in Ja-
maica in the years J&jQ, J 851, and 18j2, compiled"from
official documents.
Years. Sugar.
185 0 *..36,030 hhds.
185 1 40,293 "
185 2 34,414 "
These tables show a decrease in all the colonies,
Trinidad and Jamaica particularly. In the case of
Jamaica we have a more striking example. After a
period of twenty-two years of freedom, and after
all the efforts of the mother country in favor of
the planters of that colony, to stimulate the free
negroes to production, we have the result of the
same product now, diminished a little from what
it was in 1839—the year after the emancipation of
the slaves.
But, sir, as time passed on, this insufficiency
and comparative decadence of frei; labor was made
more and more apparent, as I have tables here to
show; butl will not fatigue the Senate by reading
anything except such matters as 1 desire to e^roup
from them, for the purpose of sustaining the argu-
ment. I have caused to be prepared with great
care, from reliable sources, and from one thor-
oughly conversant with this branch ofknowledge,
a complete statistical table, showing the whole
relations of this subject, which I will append to
my remarks.
Thus, Mr. President, the theory so pompously
postulated, of the superiority of free-negro labor
over that of the slave, was exploded. It proved
a signal failure. Then resort was had to appren-
tices and coolies—a system cruel, and far less
excusable than the one which existed before the
emancipation of the African slaves in the colonies.
To re pair the mischiefs occasioned under the impul-
sions of a false philanthropy, the British Govern-
ment blundered still further into measures which
served only to aggravate the evil. For that pur-
pose, it gave a monopoiy^to the free-grown sugar
of tlio West India Islands, in order that the plant-
ers might be able to give higher wages to their free
negroes, and thus stimulate the ne-rroes to greater
production. But, sir, this failed. The only effect
was an enormous and unnecessary tax upon the
English people*, and, according to the authority
of Mr. Porter in his work entitled " Progress of
the Nation," the increased cost on account of the
diminished supply, to the people of England in
a single year, for the sugar they consumed, was
over twenty-five million dollars; and in six years
it amounted to about fifty million. This is a preg-
nant fact, and I shall have occasion again to ad-
vert to it.
It is now conceded, by all who have examined
this subject with any impartiality, that the aboli-
tion or emancipation of slaves in the "West India
Islands has proved most disastrous in its effects
upon the commercial predominance of the British
empire. In fact, England is now dependant
mainly on the slave labor of other nations for her
supply of all those tropical productions which she
had before, almost without competition, furnished
to the various markets of the world.
This much, Mr. President, has it done for Eng-
land. Xow let us see what abolition will do for
the slaves emancipated, by showing what it has
done. I beg leave to'vead an extract on that point.
This extract is from a colonial magazine m the
"Gazetteer of the World:" a description of the
people of Hayti under the black Emperor. I will
thank my friend to read Hfor me.
Mr. WIGFALL read as follows:
u So jealous are the swarthy inhabitants of those rights?
which they have acquired, that cwry white man is view ed
with suspicion ; and, to prevent his-gaming any degree oi'
supeuority, he is placed undei a vauety of disabilities. :
White men may reside on the island, but they aie expies-ly j
lorbiddon to purchase land, or even to inherit any &uch per- i
manent property, m what manner soever it nnght have been j
acquired. A white meichant may impoit cargoes, and !
ship them oft' to other islands; bat the produce of the coun- t
try is placed under an interdiction, and seemed from his I
unhallowed touch. lie may procure a livelihood by his ;
labor; but the merchandise which he is permitted to im- j
port lie dares not sell as a retailer. lie is viewed a* a being j
who is degraded fiom his forfeited rank in society : andthe i
descendant* of his father's slaves exact fiom him thathom- i
age which his piogeniton once extorted from their ances-
tors. Among the lower orders the intercourse between the
sexes is almost promiscuous; not one, scarcely, out of a
hundred knows anything about marriage. For a man to have
as many women as he can piocure, is toleiated by lawand
feanctioned by established custom. Among these domestic
hordes quarrels frequently happen ; and when they occur,
the man takes his depaiture with indifference, leaving the
women and children to load his memory with reproaches,
and to provide for their own support. No provision is made
by law for rhe maintenance of the poor; and this furnishes
a reason why legislative authority has never interposed in
these departments of domestic life. Residing in a climate
which seems congenial todemi-nakedne^s, they view cloth-
ing as an article of subordinate consideration; and while
they can procure plantains and a little fish, they feci but
littie solicitude for other food. In this state of indolent
tranquillity and moral depravity, bearing a striking resem-
blance to that of the aboriginal inhabitants, many thou-
sands spend their days with but very few anticipations either
of time or eternity. Anaong th'e higher orders vice has not
resigned her dominion; p'&lygamy is not considered as dis-
honorable, and other modes of life are scarcely branded with
the name of sensuality.'*'
Mr. CHESINfUT. I will ask leave also to sub-
mit information which I have procured from those
having charge of the commercial relations of the
country as to the condition of Jamaica, showing
the condition of the free negroes there, as fol-
lows:
" It appears that the colored people are not satisfied with
a bare equalitj of civil and political rights, but aspire to
their exclusive enjoyment. Not content with acquiring
lands by free sale and purchase, and by squatting on tracts
which twenty years ago were valuable plantations, though
now abandoned to the first comer, they wish to forct? the
proprietors of the estates still under cultivation to dispose
of the remains of their property exclusively m favor or the
' colored sons of the soilmenacing the colony, in the event
of continued recusancy, with the late of Ilayti.
" For many years the negroes have enjoyed all those ad-
vantages over the whites, which are the unavoidable result
of their numerical supeiionty in a countrv governed under
a very liberal representative constitution. Negroes and ,
mulattoes fill a majority of public offices; and if there ai<  ■.
still some of the most important places held by whites, itis, {
in some cases, because the incumbents date from a period
antecedent to the emancipation ; and inothei*, because in- i
dividuals of the fashionable color, with anything like the i
indispensable qualifications of a mental character, are not j
readily found. Whenever they do possess some education !
and ability they obtain a preference. I do not say that this 1
is the deliberate policy of the British Government and its j
lepresentatives here. It may well be the natural conse- :
quence of the piedominanee of the colored people at the j
hustings and in the Legislatuie—the colonial government i
being what is heie called ' parliamentary.5 |
"The little influence and lespectability retained by the {
whites beingderivcd from their superior wealth and inteih- j
gcnce, the leading spuits among the kcoloied party" have ;
always endeavored to effect the overthrow of the former at |
the expense of tlie agricultural and commercial interests of i
the island; and, with that view, have either legislated :
against property, or refused to legislate when piotection j
was lequired, and as magistrates, have used all thcif au- j
thoiity in lavoi of vagrauc.v and crime; Jill in t' e hope of I
driving away the remaining wjntes. In the fulfillment of >
this scheme their progress has been wonderful, jet too ;
gradual to compoit with their impatience. Its originators ■
are growing old, and some of them, like Moses, have died
before enteiingthcpiomised land. A numbei of whites still
cling to their professions here, as drowning wretches catch !
at straws. Hence the wrath of the colored politicians, i
which occasionally swells too high to bo restrained by pru- j
dential considerations." * * * * x
" F wish it weie in my power in a few words, without
dwelling too long on a most unpleasant subject, to convcy
to you an adequate idea of the poverty, misery, and degra-
dation which tiie emancipation of the slaves has brougnt
upon a country which the anti-slaverv papers in the United
States basely represent as an example for emulation. I [
cannot think of these shamcIc«slal&ehood's without feeling j
an indignation which it would ill become me to express in (
adequate language,'' * *' " * *'I am I
induced to bring the •mbiect before the Department by oh- j
serving in the colonial newspapers, exliacts tiom some !
anti-slavery publication respecting Jamaica, which have le-
ccntly appeared m the United States. I
" Nothing can be moie untrue than the supposition that ■
the idle, dissolute, and criminal population of Kingston ;
presents an unfavorable contrast to that of the counuy. |
kk [n the interior, where the whites are thinly scattered, j
the police insufficient, wheie example for good is wanting, |
where the means of subsistence for man in his savage state ,
is abundantly provided by the liberal hand of nature, the f
negroes give themselves up to Afiican idleness, obscenity, [
and vice, without the shadow of ies-tiaint which exists in i
towns; and disease, the consequence of their crimes and ;
carelessness*, is gradually felling their numbers." !
I have just returned from a vi&it in the parish of Met- j
calfe, one of the most fertile, and once one of the most ;
flourishing agucultuial districts of the island. I spent some ,
day- on what wa«* once a coffce plantation, producing from |
seventy to one hundred hogsheads of coffee. It is now ;
oveigrown with wfiod and almost impenetrable jungle, the j
ex ubciant pioduction of a fertile soil abandoned to thecul- ;
ttire ot natuie.'5 ^ v * * * * * '
^ From the propertv referred to may be seen cofFce plan- I
tations. or lather the mined mansio'ns of five abandoned i
coffee plantations, which once gave an income tn their re- j
spective owneis of from two to five thousand pounds a ;
veai. Not a coffee tree is now cultivated m the district; ,
the proprietory have gone; some of them are in great poverty ;
in England ; some have died beggars; and others have left [
the country, oi sunk into obscunty somewhere—no one ;
knows what has become ot them. i
'■'Their successors, the negroes, with abundance of the i.
finest possible soil around them, \\hich they can cultivate t
for their own profit, live in squalid idleness, preferring to j
sleep in the sun and satisfy the cra\ mg  of hunger with j
wild fruits, to the easy labor required for the cultivation of |
garden vegetables—articles now in great demand, at high j
prices, in "the towns. Such is the dearth there, of every i
article requiring the most trifling exertion of forethought h
and industry, that J" was compelled to bring from Kingston
a horse loaded with American corn, intended for the food
of the animal on which I rode, as well as his own consump-
tion. " * ********
" This island, like-Trinidad and British Guiana, is about
to setonfoota plan of immigration from India, and perhaps
China, in order to supply the deficiency of labor suffered by
agriculturists. There could not be a better proofof the worth-
lessne&s of the negro as a free laborer. No such deficiency
existed prior to the emancipation, although twice the num-
ber oi estates now worked were then fnfull cultivation,
and although the present agricultural and other industrial
pioductsof the island are but a third of what they then
were. You will understand the cause of th* deficiency of
labor now unquestionably existing,when informed that the
laborets of the plantations have i^ot yet turned out for work
since the first of the month, having been all this time en-
gaged m celebrating the anniversary holidays of their eman-
cipation, and that, after last Christmas, no work was done
on the plantations until the middle of February. 13y tho
last-mentioned holidays, the planters, it is estimated, lost
a fourth of their crop?, owing to the diminution of saccha-
rine matter in the canes and the ravages of the cane rats.
il The traveler who lands in any of the seaport towns of
Jamaica finds a collection of ruins whose extent alone in-
dicates the seat of former prosperity.
"These traces ofcivilization are gradually disappearing in
a jungle composed of the cactus opuntia, the gigantic cactus
tuna, called by the Spzyiiards Miguero del de wionzo, or
4 fighter of the Devil,' and the equally formidable acacia
toituosa. Fortunately, wc have no beast of prey in the
Island, and these jungles haibor nothing worse than flock*
of vultures and the legion of unclean spirits generated by
maiana. Amidst this desolation swarms a populace of ne-
, | groes whose filthy looks and habits, idleness, open vice,
j! noisy and demonstrative obscenity, beggar description, ana
! cannot even be conceived by those who have not visited
j Jamaica. The authouties punish theftsand violentcrimes
j when these are brought to light; but with these exceptions,
there is no restraint on the brutal propensities of the lower
classes. White females living here must accustom them-
, selves to sights and language winch, in America, men would
• scarcely tolerate.
" The main edible resource of our idle population is the
I fruit of the mango—mangifera indica—which grows wild
i now m every pait of the inland, not above an altitude of
. two thousand feet, although its first introduction here is
: within the memory of many old persons.
! k{ In the mango season, the lands belonging to the Duke
j of Buckingham, at Uope, which twenty yeais ago were a
! magmficentsugar estate, supply the means of sustainingan
i indolent, yet miserable destitute existence. The owner of
] a large estate near Kingston some years ago destroyed all
j the mango trees on his lands in the hope that, deprived of
' this mainstay of idleness, his tenantry would lie compelled
j by necessity to earn a little money.
1 " The mango season is followed by that of the sweet-sap
—annona squamosa—which also, most unhappily, affords
; the means of indulging m the idleness, which the negro
j seems to chcrish above every other sensual enjoyment.
! " Such aie the free citizens; or rather, I should say, this
is a feeble attempt to convey to you an idea of the degraded
state of the inhabitants of this island. It is wonderful to
j what au extent the public mind in England and in America
is deceived with respect to the result of negro emancipa-
tion, notwithstanding the notorious decadence of this col-
: ony, m an economic point of view." "The
: rum of colonial agriculture and trade is denied whenever
the class addressed is sufficiently ignoiant to swallow the
falsehood ; or, when a part of the truth is already Iciiown,
1 aitfully imputed to the whites.
No candid person, even the most inveterate general-
j izer, whofcoins to consider the question from an econoini*
, cal point of view, could remain attached to the anti-slavery
: party after a visit to Jamaica. He would learn from be-
holding the result of Bntish inteiferenee in the affairs of
this country, theprudcnce of leaving to those communities
which suffer, or suppose to suffer, under bad institutions,
the exclusive care of providing a remedy in accordance
with their experience."
Mr. CHESNUT. Now, Mr. President, bj
way of accumulation of evidence against the wis-
dom and humanity of the anti-slavery party in
their efforts, I beg leave also to read a portion of
a communication from Tunis, dated June 26,
1859:
'•Perhaps theie is no country besides this, wherein so
much miseiy exists—at least one half the popuaiation (one
million) arc miserably fed and clothed, yet the poor are
taxed tin; same as the rich, to pay which often a hundred fold
is taken ; or when no pioperty, the bastinado, and prison
starvation, must be their lot. Yet the philanthropist has trav-
ersed this land, shut his eyes to the miseries of his own
color, and having taken the negro to his special keeping—
prevailed upon the Bey to abolish slavery, and atone dash
1 thousands of human beings have been cast into a state of
wretchedness and want, who were unacquainted with it
before; and thousands, too, added to the already naked,
hungry, and houseless millions. Havingaccomphshed this
mucli.'the philanthropist took his flight, pcihaps to America,
where, in his fanaticism, he may make more wretched the
condition of the negio.-'-'
Thus, Mr. President, thrice have we seen the
foul fiend appear. In contempt of human expe-
rience, and in mockery of Divine authority, it
comes with words of angelic grace upon its hps,
and tho flaminglires of hell in its hands. Where-
soever it touches the ec.rth blight and desolation
mark its train. Bright promises always herald
its advent; but the echo of its departing footsteps
ever mingles with the rising wail of human woe.
When will vain raan be taught by experience? or
