I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
36th Costs....1st Sess.
The Homestead Bill—Mr. Windom.
Ho. of Reps.
sturdy blows the wilderness is rapidly disappear-
ing, and the prairies waving with golden gram, but
who, when the Government requires from them
tins "reasonable retiyn," are, in thousands of in-
stances, unable to meet the demand. Or if, by
denying to their wives and children the common
comforts and necessaries of life, they are able to
pay the last farthing demanded by this inexorable
creditor, (the Government,) they are left destitute
of the means of educating their children, and of
improving and stocking their farms; and, from
sheer necessity, are compelled to mortgage them,
and thus place themselves in the power of some
remorseless speculator or Shylock, who finally
sweeps away from them their humble homes, and
with them the hopes by which they had been sus-
tained during years of toil and privation. Then*?
forced 011 by his unconquerable will at^d determ-
ination, the pioneer strikes out furthemnto the
western wilds; toils and suffers, hopes and en-
dures, until the hoarse voice of the Government
official is again heard, and his homestead is again
sold to increase the wealth of some speculator,
and to fill the insatiable maw of the public Treas-
ury. The honorable Secretary of the Interior
says that 14 the true pioneer spends his life in
the woods. When the frontier moves he moves
with it."
« ?tis pity;
And pity 'tis, 'tid true."
The reason of its truth in many instances may
be found in the unjust and oppressive policy of
the Government.
It is further suggested by the Administration
that this measure will diminish the revenues of
the Government. It would be a very easy task,
sir, to show that it would have precisely the op-
posite effect; and that, by bunging these lands
under cultivation, increasing the wealth of the
people, and placing the means of purchasing arti-
cles on which duties are paid to the Government
in the hands of millions who are now unable to
buy them, you would add vastly more to the rev-
enues than by the present unjust and cruel sys-
tem of taxing the people for the "rightto live."
In order that we may understand the force of
this argument of necessity, and also appreciate the
grace with which it comes from the present Ad-
ministration, let us examine for a moment the
expenditures of the Government. And for the
purpose of instituting comparisons not very flat-
tering, perhaps, to the " powers that be," I will
read, by decades, from a" statement of the receipts
and expenditures of the Government,"published
by authority of the Senate. The total appropri-
ations, exclusive of the public debt, in the year
1800, were $7,314,949; in 1810, $6,729,322; in
1620, $8,435,466; in 1830, $13,58b,681; m 1840,
$26,112,593; in 1850, $47,162,506; and for the
year ending June 30, 1858, the enormous sum of
$71,901,129 75. The same statement from which
I road shows that the average yearly receipts from
the sales of the public lands for the last thirty
years have been less than three million dollars per
annum. Thus you perceive that the income from
the public l?.nds, under the existing system, fur-
nishes but a very small proportion of the revenues
of the Government, and contributes but a dioptu
the vast ocean of Democratic extravagance and
profligacy by which this country has been del-
uged for the last three years.
Whilst this Administration has (as appears by
the statement just read) in a single year, and in
a time of profound peace with all the wgrld, ex-
cept Utah, squandered over twenty millions
more of the people's money than was ever ex-
pended in any one year before the inauguration
of President 'Buchanan's reckless system of ex-
penditure, we are now told by this same Admin-
istration that it is unwise to pass the homestead
bill, because it will reduce the revenues. The
people, who ask their God-given rights to homes
and the means of subsistence, are to, be denied
them in order that the Administration may have
money to squander by the million on party pets
and favorites, to corrupt the ballot-box, and wrest
from the people the dearest rights of freemen.
Sir, if this Democratic party is to continue in
power for a few years longer, (which dire curse
may meiciful Heaven avert!) it will become ne-
cessary to sellj not only the public lands of the
nation, but the private'lands of individuals. Cur-
tail your expenditures; cease to carry elections
by bribery, when it cannot be accomplished by
fraud; lop off your thousands of unnecessary
offices, which were created solely for the purpose
of rewarding those to whom you were indebted for
political services; let the people who may here-
after wish to come into the Union under a free
constitution do so; and do not, by means of the
power and wealth of the Government, endeavor
to force a constitution upon them which is odious
to every feeling of their nature and every instinct
of humanity, and you will then have revenue in
abundance to carry on the Government, without
denying to the people that which they of right
demand at your hands.
The honorable Secretary, in support of his po-
sition, goes on:
" If lands now be given to settlers in consideration of
residence only, on what pi etext will Congress refuse those
who have heretofore competed the prescribed period of
residence a return of the money which they have already
paid for their homesteads ?"
In my humble opinion, sir, the fact that we have
pursued a-wrong policy in the past, furnishes no
very conclusive or satisfactory reason for contin-
uing it in the future. It may, perhaps, be impos-
sible for the Government to repair all the wrongs
which have resulted from its misguided land pol-
icy; but the bill introduced by my colleague [Mr.
Aldricii] remedies them as far as is practicable,
and prevents their future occurrence. It gives to
those who have already entered upon their lands,
under existing preemption! laws, the same ben-
efits as are conferred upon those who shall here-
after go upon them.
Again, the honorable Secretary of the Interior
says:
"Should, however, the now policy of a gratuitous dis-
tribution of the public lands be adopted, it is evident that
while <m undue stimulus would be given to emigration, land
bounty can no longci bo held out as* an inducement to fu-
ture liiihtaiy service."
What is meant here, sir, by "emigration?"
Is it emigration from the old States of the Con-
federacy to the new ones which the Secretary of
the Interior is afraid of stimulating ? Is this Ad-
ministration the peculiar guardian of the interests
of only one portion of the Union? - Does it fear
that the old States cannot compete with the new
ones in the race for empire on this continent, and
that, therefore, the strong and powerful must be
protected against "the weak? Does the Adminis-
tration understand the advantages of soil and
climate in the great Northwest, and fear the effect
of emigration upon a certain " peculiar institu-
tion," for which it manifests so much tender re-
gard ? If none of these things are intended by
the Secretary, it must be that he fears, and would
discourage, emigration from foreign lands. The
latter, I presume, is the true meaning of the re-
port. I have long known that although the Dem-
ocratic party is profuse of praise of ou3* natural-
ized fellow-citizens when votes are wanted from
them, yet the controlling power in that party will
stab them in the dark whenever an opportunity
is presented. It is but natural that such should
be the case. The god at whose shrine that party
pays its adoration is the Moloch, slavery; and
they know full well that the emigrant who comcs
to this country, to cscape^the despotism of his
own, will not long be found among such wor-
shipers.
As the shouts of the populace and the beating
of drums in the valley of Toplict drowned the
cries of children burnt in sacrifice to the ancient
Moloch, so the name "Democracy "may, for alittle
while, charm and mislead the foreign-born citizen,
and the peans which arc sung to that name may,
for a short time, divert their minds from the enorm-
ities of its practices and real principles. But the
men who come here from foreign lands with hearts
yearning for freedom cannot long be deluded by
such things, and the Democracy know it. They
know, also, that a very large proportion of the
emigrants from Europe locate in the North and
West, and they feel that, when those men have
once tasted the blessings of liberty, they cannot
be safely trusted to bind fetters upon others; to
oppose the interests of free labor; and to extend
the area of human slavery. I therefore repeat,
it is quite natural to expect that party to be at
heart opposed to the emigrant. It is also in ac-
cordance with the known rules of human conduct
for them to charge hostility to the emigrant upon
the Republican party. The rogue who has your
money in his pocket is always first to raise the
cry of stop thief!"
lam therefore not at all astonished, Mr. Chair-
man, that the Administration should urge this as
one of the objections to the homestead bill. Nor am
I in the least surprised that the only Democratic
Senator who has ever taken anyinterest in favor of
this measure [Senator Johnson, of Tennessee]
should have latefy introduced into the Senate a
homestead bill which confers its benefits only on
citizens of the United States; thus compelling the
emigrant to remain here five years before he can
enter upon the public lands, and ten years before
he can obtain a patent. Nor did it excite in my
mind the least degree of astonishment when, dur-
ing the protracted contest for Speaker of this
House, 1 saw the entire Democratic party, save
only three, forgetting that which at home they
profess to be their "chiefjoy;" forgetting their
professions of ardent and undying love for the
naturalized citizen, and in an almost unbroken
phalanx going over to the support of a gentleman
for Speaker [Mr. Smith, of North Carolina] who
was elected a member of this House by the Amer-
ican party, and who was formally presented as the
caucus nominee of that organization. The nom-
ination of Mr. Smith was made by Mr. Mal-
lory, of Kentucky, an American, who stated that
he "had been instructed by his party to nominate
Mr. Smith, of North Carolina, as their nominee
for the Speakership."
Now, sir, for one, I have no fears of giving " an
undue stimulus to emigration." I prefer the bill of
my colleague to the one introduced in the Senate,
for the reason that its provisions are broader and
more liberal. The Senate bill confines its bene-
fits to citizens of the United States only, whilst that
of my colleague, and also that of the honorable
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Grow,] ex-
tend theift to all persons who, at the time of enter-
ing upon their lands, have declared their intention
| to becomc citizens, provided their naturalization
is perfected before the issuance of the patent.
The early theory of the founders of this Re-
public was, that it should be an asylum for the
oppressed of all nations who chose to seek refuge
under our flag. The temple of liberty erected upon
this continent by our fathers was reared at the
expense of seven long years of toil and endurance.
The blood of the noble and generous friends of
freedom from foreign lands was mingled with that
of America's bravest sons in its consecration. As
the heroes of the Revolution looked upon this
work of their hands—the noblest the world had
ever known—their hearts swelled with pride arid
joy at the thought that its spacious arches were
broad enough to protect every human being on
the whole earth in whose soul the Creator had
planted a love of freedom. Let us emulate them
*in their liberal views and policy. Keep wide open
thedoors of that magnificent temple. Let the emi-
grant come to our shores if he desires to do so.
Let him help us to cultivate our lands, build our
towns and cities, railroads and canals, and enjoy
j with us the inestimable blessings of freedom; and
, when the hour of peril to the country shall come—
i if come it must—you will ever find him in the
' future, as you have done in the past, true to the
! principles of liberty, and ready to bare his strong
I arm in the contest for the right.
A word, Mr. Chairman, upon the other branch
of the objection last quoted: that if the new policy
proposed by this measure should be adopted,
"bounty land can no longer be held out as an
inducement to future military service," and that
therefore the military strength of the nation will
be diminished.
It is, sir, in my opinion little less than a slan-
der upon the patriotic volunteer of this Republic
to say that when he hears the clarion notes of
war calling him to the defense of his country's
rights and honor, and, fearless of danger and
death, he rushes to the bloody conflict, the mo-
tives which prompt his heroism are such as those
attributed to him by the honorable Secretary. No,
sir; he has a higher, purer, nobler, incentive to
action! The merely mercenary soldier exhibits
no such valor and patriotism as does the Amer-
ican volunteer when vindicating the honor of his
country on the battle-field. If you would " en-
