I860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ommuiid it in tho form in which it is here pre-
sented. He recommended a signal officer.
Mr. KING. That is all. I did not speak of
the special foim; but that he was in favor of try-
ing this system in the Army.
Mr. DAVIS. He recommended a signal offi-
cer, with the rank of captain. In addition to that,
I will say that we have a large staff for the pres-
ent size of our Army. It is necessarily large in
time of peace, because it is intended to answer the
ends of all the militia force to be employed in time
of war; but I do not think it advisable to create
new departments of the staff; I do not think it
well to institute another branch of the staff. If
we begin it, where are we to stop ? I have recently
heard of very great improvement in pontons.
Shall we make a ponton officer, and attach him
to the staff, with the rank of major? And what
may we not includeJ There are improvements in
breech-loading arms. Are we to make a major
who shall have charge of these? Thus we may
ep on indefinitely, with every improvement which
may be made in any of the means and appliances
of military service, to add as a new officer to the
staff, every such inventor.
I think there is great merit in the plan which is
submitted by this officer of the medical staff'. I
think it ought to be introduced into the Army,
being ail improvement over any system of mili-
tary signals which has ever heretofore been intro-
duced. But with special qualifications, giving
minute attention to the subject, I think he has
evolved from it more than any one who has ever
before studied it. I think it is well to introduce
this system of signals; and for the labor this of-
ficer has bestowed upon it, outside of anyefficial
duty which could have been devolved on him, he
is entitled to compensation, reward of any kind
except that which affects the general service. As
an officer of the medical staff, he certainly could
be employed on signal duty if the War Depart-
ment desires it. I do not think it necessary to
create an officer of the staff,-of the rank of major,
to give him charge of signals. To make it plain
in a sentence, a single officer will be of very lit-
tle value to make any use of these signals. You
must have an officer instructed in their use with
every division of the Army in the field. Every
adjutant general of the Army, if instructed, would
barely supply a sufficient number to make these
signals effective in the field. A single officer, with
the rank of major, might overlook the preparation
of signals; but who is to use them? Some one
instructed must be with every division of the
Army. It must, therefore, belong to a department
of the Army, the engineers, the adjutant general,
or any other depaitment you please; but the cre-
ation of a single officer outside of any organiza-
tion, and put under tho orders of the Secretary of
War alone, himself a bureau officer changing
every four years and knowing very little of the
military service, seems to me such a departure
from every principle which should govern military
operations as, to my mind, requires that the Sen-
ate should at once reject it. Make an appropria-
tion for signals; I am willing to vote for an appro-
priation of money, for he has contributed what I
esteem valuable; I am willing to give him any
recognition, any honorable reward, which it may
be thought proper to bestow. This, however, is
a departure from all military principle, and as
such I must oppose it.
Mr. LANE. As T said before, I do not intend
to discuss this question at all. I examined it; arid
I can say, with the chairman of the Committee
on Military Affairs, that I look upon this as a
very important improvement indeed. It has ad-
vantages over any system of signals that has been
discovered before by civilized man; and it has
been tlie study of the world, ever since war was
known, to form some system of signals by which
an army could be notified at any distance of im-
pending danger, of the movements of an enemy,
of the time to take up the line of march, and all
that. This system in itself is complete. In my
judgment it has merit, and ought to be rewarded.
This gentleman, who has devoted so much of his
time to maturing it, bringing it into use, and sat-
isfying every man who has examined it of its
great importance, is in my opinion entitled to at
least that which is provided for him now. I do
not see how it can be carried on withoutan officer
placed in charge of this very duty. Make him
the signal officer, and he will instruct the adju-
tants of all the corps in the service, and instruct
officers who vyll be with each corps of the Army,
who will understand the use of it, under his di-
rection. He has discovered this important sys-
tem of signals, and I can see no other way of re-
warding him. It is unpleasant for me to differ at
all from the honorable Senator, the chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs; but my own
opinion of this matter is that it is important, and
1 must therefore differ from him on this point. I
hope the Senate will not strike out the clause, but
will retain it, and establish this office with this
gentleman at its head, under whose direction a
system can be made so perfect that at any time
when it may be necessary to use signals to notify
our forces of the approach of an enemy, or any-
thing necessary to bo known, it may be done.
Indeed, it is so perfect that he can communicate
at a distance of fifteen miles with one who under-
stands it, who can be instructed by him in a few
hours, so as to convey an order as accurately as
be could deliver it if he were there in person.
Then, see tho importance of it. Why should not
this man be rewarded, when he has made this im-
portant discovery, with a position that will enable
him to instruct all the Army officers, if necessaiy,
or as many as may be necessary, in the use of these
signals? I hope and trust the clause will not be
stricken out.
Mr. PEARCE. I have been informed, sir, that
an officer of the Army—a medical man, a gentle-
man of property, not greedy after money—has
devoted a good deal of time to the improvement
of military signals for field service; that he has
discovered very great improvements, which make
them of value, as the Senator from Mississippi
has stated; that he has tested these improvements,
so far as it is possible within a narrow compass;
that it is now desired to test them and apply them
in field service; that for this purpose it is sup-
posed that the mail who has made these discov-
eries and perfected the improvements should have
the control of the operations for their use, at all
events in the beginning, in field service; that for
that reason it is deSirable that he should have
some such rank as would give him more author-
ity than as a medical man he would have; and,
besides, that this is the only compensation which
he desires. He docs not wish to make money
out of it, I understand. I do not hear that he has
taken out any patent for it, or that he desires the
Government of the United States to pay him a
large sum of money for it. He wants compen-
sation in this way. It struck us as proper that
the man who had invented this system .should
have control of it during the time of its being
tested in field service; and if it be allowable to
create an officer with such duties as are proposed
to be assigned to him in this clause of the bill, we
could see no objection to it. How far it is objec-
tionable on the score of military rule or principle
I really do not know; anil I will not set up my
opinion in opposition to that of my friend from
Mississippi, who knows so much more than I do
about ail military and Army matters. I merely
state the reasons which induced the Committee
on Finance to retain the clause.
Mr. DAVIS. My friend from Maryland will
allow me to call his attention to that of which lie
is as proper a judge as any one—the facility with
which we shaM go on increasing by adding a new
major to the staff of the Army for every new im-
provement which may be made in the means and
appliances of war. Military signals are as old as
the time of Polybius. They have gone on with
improvement from time to time. I believe these
now under consideration are better than any here-
tofore known. Signals are older than pontons
or breech-loading arms. Will you make a major
for each of these ? And why should you stop at
military signals? If an impiovement in military
signals furnishes a sufficient reason for adding
a "major to the Army, it must, be followed by
a major for every improvement in every other
appliance known to wnr—guns, and everything
6 Mr. WILSON. I think the Senator from Mis-
sissippi is in error in this statement. The officers
of the Army are supposed to understand how to
teach the use of arms; and therefore itis unneces-
sary to do anything more than to make a bargain
with a man who makes a discovery in arms, of
any importance whatever, and pay him for it. It
is not necessary to put him into the Army to in-
struct anybody how to use his-arms. The officers
of the Army understand that'. "Here is a gentle- ■
man, connected with the medical department",of -
the Army, who has made a discover^ whic^, it
is admitted- by ail who have seen it, to be of great
merit—a system of signals surpassing any1 ever
discovered". Now, sir, he does not" ask us to grant
him a sum of money-, b]ut nobody in the Army
understands how to use these signals, and the
proposition is, to establish this department, with
him at the head of it, he bearing the commission
of a major in the staff. What is the object? Take
these signals, and put this officer 'in the staff to
teach the officers of the Army how to use them !
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator from Massachu-
setts will remember that he is in the staff of the
Army now, with the assimilated rank of a cap-
tain.
Mr. WILSON. This gentleman, Captain
Myer,is in the medical department of the Army.
Now the proposition is to appropriate §2,000 for
these field signals, and that there be added t£ the
staff of the Army one signal officer, with the rank,
pay, and allowances, of a major of cavalfy. The
object is to reward this gentleman for this great
discovery. It is a mark of honor. It establishes
this department in the Army, and this officer at
the head of it, to instruct the officeis of the Army
in the use of these signals. I think there has
been, I think there can be, nothing .like it in any
other discoveries. Certainly, if we use the signals
at all, we should want this gentleman to instruct
the officers of the Army how to use them in field
service. I understand that by these signals bodies
of men miles apart can communicate with each
other as easily as we can from one side of this
Chamber to the other. I think it is but a small
reward to this officer, who bears now, I believe,
the commission of a captain in the service, to give*
him the rank of major, and attach him to the staff
of the Army, to be under the control and direc-
tion of the proper officers, as an instructor in the
use of these signals which he has discovered.
Mr. WIGFALL. Mr. President, I do not
understand the argument of the Senator from
Massachusetts, or I do not see the force of it. I
judge that if we were to go to war with some for-
eign country, that country would hardly agree
with us for all of their men to come together, and
then all ours to get together, so that, by this
newly-invented mode of making signals, we
should be able to defeat them. I take it that this
is a simple thing, as all matters of science and of
practical use are, that can be understood and com-
prehended. If it is not, it is useless. If we go
to war, of course we shall have an Army in the
South; we shall have a northern wing; we shall
have one upon the Pacific; and we shall then have
a dozen subdivisions—there is no telling where
the enemy is coming; and each division must act
under its own commander; and each commander
must have his own military family around him,
Ills own staff'officers; and when ten,or fifteen,or
forty, or fifty thousand men are brought together
in the field, they must be operated by the com-
manding general, and with such means as they
can use.
Now this doctor, who is to be made a major,
has no ubiquity; he cannot be divided and cut up
and carried over the country, sometimes on the
lakes, sometimes on the Gulf, sometimes on the
Pacific, and sometimes on the Atlantic. If the
thing is worth anything, it is because it can be
comprehended and used. The idea of taking a
man because he has invented either a mode of
breech-loading, or of making signals on the field
of battle, where there are large masses of men to-
gether, and that he is to be put into the staff for
that purpose, because he is the only one who can
use it, seems to me to be simply absurd. If there
is any ment in the invention, it is that it is sim-
ple and easily understood, and can be used prac-
tically in the field.
Mr. LANE. It can be used everywhere where
troops are.
Mr. WIGFALL. If it cannot be, then I am
not willing to pay the $2,000. If it can be, then
I see no use of putting him in the staff. That is
the way it occurs to my mind. It either is a good
thing, or it is not. If it can be used everywhere,
then 1 am willing to pay for it; if it cannot-be,
then I am not willing to pay forii: and certainly,
in neither event, am I willing to make a man who
has been instructed how to-cut off legs after peo-
