596
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
son thereafter coming into the State for the pur-
pose, or any attorney or other person in the State,
from instituting any proceeding that should test
the constitutionality of her law of 1820, which
imprisoned and sold into perpetual slavery the
free colored persons of the North coming into the
State in merchant vessels or otherwise; visiting
any such person with the most fearful penalties.
The first section of the law enacted, among
other things, that if any person on his own be-
half, or in virtue of any authority from any State,
should come within the limits of South Carolina
with intent to counteract or hinder the operation
of such laws as have been made in relation to
slaves OR FREE PERSON'S OF COLOR, he shall, Oil
conviction, be sentenced to banishment, and to
such fine and imprisonment as may be deemed
fitting by the court which shall have tried
the offense; that is, for life, if the court please.
The second section enacts, among other things,
that if any person within the State shall accept
any commission or authority from any other State,
and shall do anything to counteract or hinder the
operation of such laws, he shall, on conviction,
be sentenced to pay for the first offense a fine not j
exceeding $1,000, and be imprisoned not exceed-
ing one year; and for the second offense, he shall
be imprisoned for seven years, and pay n like fine,
or be oanished from the State, in the discretion of
the court.
The third section enacts that the Governor shall
require any person coming into South Carolina
on his own behalf, or for any State, for any pur-
pose *' having relation to the laws or regulations
of this State on the subject of slaves or free per-
sons of color," to depart from the limits of the
State in forty-eight hours, on pain of banishment
from the State, and fine and imprisonment at the
discretion of the court.
The fourth section enacts, among other things,
that a second offen.se against the third section sliall
be punished by an imprisonment not less than
seven years, and by fine not less than J 1,000, and
banishment.
On the same day, the same State enacted a law
taking away all benefits, privileges, or rights, un-
der the writ of habeas corpus, from " every negro
or free person of color who shall enter this State
on board any vessel as a rook, steward, or mar-
iner, or in any other employment on board such
vessel."
Sir, they have a law in the State of Virginia
authorizing the officers of that State to go on board
vessels and charge the commander live dollars for
making the examination. They have; an institu-
tion in Virginia that her Senator [Mr. Mason]
tells us " ennobles the white man and the black
man;" but they have got a class in the commu-
nity, the negroes, who, somehow or other, do not
like that kind of nobility, and they try to run
away from this ennobling system; and so they
try to hide themselves, it is said, on board ves-
sels, and sutler all the inconveniences of a long
passage, in order to escape from this system that
ennobles them, and then the officers charge five
dollars for making the examination; and if a ves-
sel sails out of Baltimore, and passing by the coast
of Virginia is prevented by head winds from con-
tinuing her journey, a vessel that goes into the
harbors of Virginia only to anchor is visited and
charged five dollars.
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator allow me one
moment?
Mr. WILSON. Certainly.
Mr. MASON. I have not looked back at my
language on the occasion referred to; but 1 think
I am in the habit of using language that is appro-
priate. I did not, I am certain, use the term "en-
noble" in that connection, only because it would
have been unmeaning. I presume I said—whnt
I meant to say, and here repeat—that the expe-
rience of the southern States has shown that the
condition of African bondage elevates both races.
Now, sir, as to this law, I cannot give the hon-
orable Senator any specific instances, because I
have not treasured them up; but the honorable
Senator knows enough of the cotemporaneous
history of the country to know that coasting ves-
sels along the Chesapeake Bay have more than j
once stolen, secreted, and carried away the slaves
of the proprietors upon its shores. It was to pro-
vent that, that the State of Virginia, with full
power and a perfect right, passed that police law
appointing a set of officers, whose duty it is to
examine every coasting vessel, and see that she
has not kidnapped any of our slaves; and the fee
—I do not know what it is, five dollars probably,
or whatever it is—I take it for granted is paid by
those whose misfortune subjects them to that sur-
veillance. It is a police law of the State; and
whether the State has a right to pass it or not is
a matter which,the State will determine for itselr
and by itself.
Mr. "WILSON. A word about the Senator's
language. I happened to hear it, and I find it here
before me. He said:
"The South had been led to examine the subject because
ot the abolition agitation; and it is now almost universally
believed that the best condition of the African race is the
one they are now subjected to in the South, and that it is
ennobling to both races, white and black."
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator tell me where
he got that report?
Mr. WILSON. I cannot; but it is correct, for
I heard it.
Mr. MASON. I will not appeal to any Sena-
tor; but I will ask whether it is possible, know-
ing something of the vise of terms, that I could,
have applied that term to the black race—that it
ennobled them?
Mr. CLARK. I desire to say, for one, that
I distinctly heard it, and other Senators around
me did.
Mr. MASON. Then I will not say that I did
not use it; but I think, if I did, I must have been
very unfortunate in the use of terms. The mean-
ing was " elevate."
Mr. CLARIS. 1 will say to the Senator that
we at the time thought it very singular that the
term should be used, and it caused some remark
among us.
Mr. MASON. It was a mistake of terms. I
do not remember the occasion; but the proper term
I is " elevate."
1 Mr. WILSON. Why should a law of that
| kind be imposed on those who have committed no
j offense ? Why should Virginia not pay her own
! police officers? Why should they board vessels
' sailing from Baltimore, who arc sent in by stress
of weather, and tax them five dollars for making
this examination ' But the Senator says it is a
policy of then own. I believe it to be an uncon-
stitutional act. At any rate, I know it to be an
unjust and unfair one; and I put that act among
the other acts of aggression that the people of
this country are subjected to by the slave sys-
tem. No right, no interest, can stand for a mo-
ment when the interests of slavery are involved.
Sir, what are the facts before the country to-
day ? Is it not true that men are arrested in many
of the southern States who are traveling upon
their business; that laboring men are arrested, in-
sulted, and punished*, that men are banished from
their hearths and homes; that laws are being
passed to sell colored men into slavery unless they
leave their native States? Has not Arkansas passed
an act of that character? Has not such an act
just been arrested by the veto of the Governor of
Missouri? Has not Judge Catron denounced those
laws as proposed in Tennessee, (and they arc all
of a similar character,) as proposition to work
an oppression and outrage? To-day in the southern
States of this Union our mails mav be opened. Is
a Senator on this side of the Cliambcr safe in
nearly half the States of this Union ? I say to you,
to-day, what Senators around mo will bear wit-
ness to, that our franks are not safe in many of
the States of this Union. Is not this a violation
of the right of free speech, the right of freedom of
the press, and a violation of the sanctity of the
mails ? Are not these aggressions upon the rights
of American citizens? Are they not the grossest
aggressions—-aggressions that would mark any
Government on earth where they existed, as a
despotism ?
But, sir, the Senator from Mississippi said, in
the course of his remarks, that, when I referred
to the passage of a slave code in New Mexico, I
said what I could not have known to be the case.
I have the letter of the Delegate of that Terri-
tory, and it reads:
" House of Representatives,
"Washington City, December 16, 1858.
" Sir: At the solicitation of Geneial It. Davis, of Missis-
sippi, I now write you, icquesting you to draw up a law for
the protection of property in slaves m New Mexico, and
cause it to be passed by our Legislature."
Then the request is, that this law, when passed,
shall be sent to the southern newspapers, and
sent very quickly to the New York Herald. This
letter is addressed by the Delegate from New
Mexico to the Secretary of that Territory, re-
questing him to draw up and pass such a law,
and this at the request of General R. Davis, of
Mr. Di^VIS. Will the Senator tell me what
he said yesterday? I may have misunderstood
him yesterday; but if I did not, his letter does
not quite cover his position then.
Mr. WILSON. It covers precisely what I
said. I do not know how the Senator understood
me.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not recollect at this moment
what you did say I recollect my impression,
and I cannot find the particular passage in the
report now before me. I ask the Senator to tell
me what his position was yesterday on that point.
Mr. WILSON. My position was, yesterday,
in my speech, that New Mexico had passed a
slave code at the instigation of the Delegate from
that Territory, who had been requested to have
it passed by Mr. Davis, of Mississippi, of the
House of Representatives. That was my state-
ment, and it is sustained by this letter.
Mr. DAVIS. It is only fair that I should say,
that my impression was then, and I replied to it
under the idea, that the Senator had said it was
passed at their dictation; and I thought it was
impossible for him to know that the Legislature
had been influenced in a particular way by the
recommendation of a particular person. It is also
fair that I should say that I knew nothing of the
letter. I did not even know that General Davis
had ever recommended sueh a thing. I had no
doubt, though, as I said yesterday, that he would
be very glad of it.
Mr. WILSON. I have no doubt the gentleman
from Mississippi in the other House is glad of it,
as the Senator said yesterday. I quote the letter
to-day, to sustain my position of yesterday,.and
I made the statement on the authority of this iden-
tical letter. But the Senator from Mississippi
suggested that the northern Democracy, in case
we have a contest, will, in the language of Gen-
eral Cushing, throttle us in our own States. Now,
sir, I should like to have an understanding on this
subject. 1 want to know from the Senator from
Mississippi, whether, in the event of the happen-
ing of the contingency to which certain Senators
look, the election of a Republican President, and
an attempt is made to go out ofnhe Union, or
rather, following the suggestion of the Senator
from North Carolina, to stay here, and hold on
to the Capitol, to engage in a bloody struggle, he
is authorized to speak for the Democracy of my
State, and say they will sustain him and the gen-
tlemen with whom he acts ? Have they author-
ized him to speak for them, and to answer his
friends that they will "throttle us where we
stand?"
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator asks me a question;
and if he wishes me to answer it now, I will an-
swer it, of course. I suppose he could hardly
have expected any other answer than that which
I must necessarily give, that I have no authority
to speak for the Democracy of Massachusetts.
It seems to be almost a superfluous question. My
reference to General Cushing was to an expression
which he used in a speech made and published in
Massachusetts, and I considered him very good
authority for those of whom he spoke.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, General Cush-
ing is very good authority for himself at the time
lie makes a declaration. He came to these Halls
about twenty-five years ago, and he made the
House of Representatives ring with his eloquence
againstwhathewas pleased to call the aggressions
of the South; and whenever Massachusetts4 was
assailed—and she was assailed then as she is now
—he came to her defense. When she was taunted
with love of liberty, he said he gloried in it, for
anti-skvery was but the synonym for love of lib-
erty. General Cushing has seen fit to change his
views, and at the present time he is certainly the
greatestagitatorwe have m New England, making
speeches remarkable for their intemperate zeal,
writing the most singular letters, one of which
1 have before me; and I must confess my utter
amazement that a gentleman of the very large in-
telligence of General Cushing should pen letters
of such an inflammatory character. This phrase,
" throttle us," is one of his imprudent aeclara-
