174
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March. 26,
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Homestead Bill—Mr. Lovejoy.
Ho. of Reps.
courage a prompt response to a call for volunteers
in time of war,' giveevery manahometolove and
defend—a home whose hearthstone shall be made
sacred to his heart by the pure affections of wife
and children—and you will have an army of vol-
unteers which the combined wealth and power of
the world can neither bribe nor subdue. You
will have on every farm and in every cottage a
sentinel-upon the watch-tower of liberty! You
will have encircled the nation with a cordon of
valiant hearts and strong arms, more impregnable
than gates of brass or battlements of stone!
So far, sir, from being " unsound m principle,
it seems to me this bill is founded upon the sound-
est principles of national policy. Its leadBig
object is to encourage and build up the agricul-
tural interest of the country—an interest whicji
has no equal in importance, and yet one whien
has hitherto been sadly neglected. "Independent
farmers are everywhere t&e bases of society and
the true friends of liberty," said the immortal
Jackson.
Daniel Webster, in speaking of this subject,
once said:
" Agriculture feeds us; in a great degree, it clothes us;
without it we could not have manufactures, and wc should
not have commerce. These all stand together; but they
stand together like pillars in a column, the largest in the
center; and that largest is agriculture."
I am no advocate for that policy which looks
only to the buildingup of large cities, and neglects
that interest which constitutes the basis of national
prosperity. As an American citizen, I feel proud
of our magnificent cities, which have grown up
as if by magic within a few years; but I am
prouder far of our millions of cultivated fields,
and our thousands of thriving villages._
The men who are to preserve the institutions of
this country, and to carry it onward to that glo-
rious destiny which awaits it, will not be reared
in your cities, or in palaces pf wealth, but they
will come fiom the humble cottage of the farmer
and the workshop of the artisan. It is upon the
farm and in the workshop that those lessons of
virtue aiul those principles of self-reliance arc
learned, which make the true man and the true
patriot. Your cities would become intolerable
cesspools of vicA and immorality, were it not that
a better element front the rural districts is con-
tinually pouring into and purifying them. Po-
litically, they would be cancerous sores, which
would corrupt the whole nation, were it not that
the rabble wlio so often control elections in them
are themselves controlled by the farmers, mechan-
ics, and artisans of the country.
But, sir, the beneficent effects of this measure
will not be confined to any one portion or section
of the Republic. By its adoption you will in-
crease the population and agricultural products of
the West. You will provide homes for your sons,
brothers, friends, and neighbors in the older
States; and they, in turn, will furnish a market,
for the manufactured articles of the East, and the
cotton and sugar of the South; and at the same
time supply the means of subsistence to the hun-
dreds of thousands of needy poor who now throng
your eastern and southern cities.
But it is suggested that this bill proposes to
make a "gratuitous distribution" of the public
lands. It proposes no such thing. It proceeds
upon the principle of a consideration received by
the Government, and I maintain that this consid-
eration is ample; that the mail who, undergoing
the hardships and privations, and encountering
the labors and dangers, incident to pioneer life,
subdues, improves, and cultivates one hundred
and sixty acres of wild land, does more for the
Government than would be done for him under the
provisions of this hill. All the unnumbered mil-
lions of acres belonging to the United States are
utterly worthless until they are rendered valuable
by the persevering industry of the settler; and
every cent which is received from the sale of these
lands IS a tax imposed upon the industry of the
occupantandcultivator. The title to all that vast
domain included within the valley of the Missis-
sippi would have remained in the Government
without a bidder until doomsday, if the bold and
hardy pioneer had not erected upon them his
cabin, brought them under cultivation, and thus
made them a source of profit and wealth to the
nation.
As I am better acquainted with the condition
and history of my own State than any other, I will
take it as an illustration of the benefits the coun-
try would derive from the occupancy and culti-
vation of the public domain. And here permit
me to read an extract from a late message of Hon.
Alexander Ramsey, the present Governor of that
State:
" Contrast the condition of the State of Minnesota to-day
with that of tile Territory of Minnesota ten years ago. Then
no thriving towns dotted our feitiie prairies, or welcomed
the steamboat to their crowded levees; no steamboats daily
plowed our navigable waters; no mills on every stream
converted the monarchs of the forest into lumber, or tlio
cereal growth into flour; and the unfurrowed fields smiled
with no bountiful harvest. The population of the Territory
scarcely reached five thousand, and the total valuation of
property was but little over eight hundred thousand dollars."
"The present population is probably one hundred and
eighty thousand. The assessed value of taxable property
for 1858 was over forty milt ion dollars." * * * *
" The following statistics are prepared from a township can-
vass, embiacing nearly every district, and are undoubtedly
reliable. They show the present extent of our fanning in-
terest, which will always be the leading one ; and also the
fitness and capabilities of our soil and climate for agricul-
tural purposes:
Whole area under cultivation, 1859 404,600 acres.
Number of farms  21,533
Average of tilled land per farm  21 i "
PRODUCTS OF 1859.
Bushels of wheat harvested 3,433,950
" corn "  3,476,950
" oats "   3.309,480
" potatoes about  3,000,000
"The average yield of wheat pel acie tor the last year,
in this State, was over twenty bushels. This, which is
nearly double the average yield in the, so-called, wheat-
growing States, indicates citlici an extraordinary year,or a
better adaptation of soil and climate to wheat eultuie."
Now, sir, estimating the wheat crop of Minne-
sota at only ninety cents per bushel, hei; corn at
thirty cents, her oats at twenty cents, and her po
tatoes at twenty-five cents, you have, as the pro-
ceeds of one year's labor, $5,547,336. Suppos-
ing those twenty-one thousand five hundred and
thirty-three farms to be worth, in the posses-
sion of the Government, $200 each, they would
amount to the sum of $4,306,600—a sum less, by
SI ,240,736, than the industry of the people has
drawn from the soil in a single year. Add to this
the fact that, by developing this country, the set-
tlers of that State have in ten years increased the
aggregate wealth of the nation $40,000,000; and if
the theory be correct that it is better the nation's
wealth should be m the hands of the people than
in the public Treasury, I ask if those twenty-one
thousand five hundred and thirty-throe farmers
have not done more for the Government than
would have been done for them if their homes had
been obtained under the provisions of a bill like
this ?
The country now. known as Minnesota has for
ages possessed the same salubrious anil delight-
ful climate; the same pure, clear, invigorating at-
mosphere; the same majestic rivers traversing her
territory* from one extremity to the other; the
same crystal streams gushing from her mountains
and murmuring through her flowery prairies, and
the same beautiful sccneiy and fertile soil. But
of what value were all these tilings to the nation
until the ax and plow of the pioner took the place
of the bow and scalping-knife of the savage, and
the toupee of the Indian gave way to the church,
the school-house and the thriving village of the
white settler? There-was untold wealth hidden
in her inexhaustable soil; but it was valueless to
the Government until drawn forth by the patient
industry of the farmer.
The determination and tireless energy of the
people of that State have done much to develop
the country and increase the wealth of the na-
tion; but their progress is in no way the result of
your land system. Your policy has been to turn
loose upon them, as upon the citizens of other
new States, a horde of speculators and " sharks,"
who have entered large tracts of land, and will
neither improve them themselves nor permit others
to do so; and who are now very contentedly wait-
ing in their comfortable and perhaps luxurious
eastern or southern homes, until the labor of the
settler upon his own land shall enhance the value
of theirs. Had it not been for the fact that the
farmers of Minnesota were compelled to pay to
the Government for those twenty-one thousand
live hundred and thirty-three farms the enorm-
ous sum of over four million dollars, as we have
just seen, they would have been able to improve
and cultivate a much greater amount of land; they
would have been free from debt; the proceeds of
last year's labor would have been $10,000,000 in-
stead of $4,000,000; and the taxable property of
the State $100,000,000 instead of $40,000,000.
Thus, sir, the effect of your false land system has
been to cripple the energy of the settler and retard
the development of the country.
Let this bill pass; let monopolies in land be for-
ever destroyed; let every man who is willing to
work have a homestead of his own; and before a
quarter of a century shall have passed away, a
score of mighty and prosperous States, the Jinde
of the Republic and the admiration of the world,
will leap forthfrom the great valleys, prairies, and
forests of the^Vest, like youthful giants rejoicing
in their strength.
Y HOMESTEAD BILL.
SPEECH OF HON. OWEN LOYEJOY,
OF ILLINOIS,
In the House of Representatives,
March 26, 1860.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. LOYEJOY said:
Mr. Chairman: Memorials and petitions,asking
for the enactment of a law giving the public lands
in limited quantities to actual settlers, have been
presented to the House. They are very many
and very numerously signed. They have come
pouring in from all parts of tho country—alike
from cities, towns, and rural districts. They are
signed by all, irrespective of party or social posi-
tion. This fact shows a widely-diSfused and deep
interest in the success of this measure. For tho
last thirty years this subject has attracted, to a
greater or less extent, the attention of the people
of the United States, and for the latter half of that
period it has been pretty thoroughly and generally
discussed. The public sentiment of the country
seems fully ripe for its adoption, and even de-
mands it. I believe no one doubts that this is a
beneficent measure, so far as the interests of the
people are concerned. There are those, however,
who fear that it may prove injurious to the inter-
ests of the Government.
In order to arrive at just conclusions on this
point, it should be remembered that what is ben-
eficial to the people cannot be detrimental to the
Government; for in this country the interests of
both are identical. Our impressions of govern-
ment arc apt, to some extent at least, to be his-
torical, and liable, therefore, to be erroneous when
brought to the test of our.own theory. Almost
universally the interests of Government have been
separate and distinct from those of the people.
This arises from the fact that in other countries
there has existed a ruling or governing class.
Hence, in these countries, we hear much of the
rights of the nobility and the prerogatives of the
Crown. In these regal forms of government—and
it is with such forms of government that we are
historically familiar—the interests of the aristo-
cratic or ruling class are distinct from the people,
or subjects. But our theory of government is a
wholly different one. With us the Government
is simply an agency through which the people act
for their own benefit. Itcannot, therefore, besaid
that a measure, though beneficent toward the peo-
ple, is injurious in its aspects towards the Govern-
ment.
It may be said, however, that if the people em-
ploy this agency, they must m some way meet
its expenses. This is unquestionably true. It is
also just as certainly true that these expenses have
a wonderful tendency towards accretion, as the
agents of the people have a wonderful facility in
multiplying and complicating their functions, as
well as ill extending the area of their operations.
It is but the repetition of an oft-uttered truism, to
say that there is too much of governing. The
object of government, according to the theory of
the revered sages who organized this Republic, is
a very simple one, namely, to protect the people
in the peaceful enjoyment of their natural rights.
In other words, it is a mutual pledge, each to all
and all to each, to secure this result; designating
the modes in which this end shall be achieved.
Consequently, pensions, bounties, pueuiiar priv-
