2560
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
June 2.
pic are shot, and to tie up arteries, a special offi-
cer, and put him in the staiT, when probably very
many valuable lives will be lost while ho is mak-
ing signals instead of tying up arteries.
Mi. PEAItCE. If this is to create a new corps
of officers ol* the Aimy, I shall certainly be op-
posed to it. We are compelled to have armies.
It is a national necessity, and one to be deplored,
I think*, for although it has been said they are the
pillars of the State in war, they are also caterpil-
lars in peace. But, sir, I did not, by my former
remarks, mean to claim any authority on my part
with the Senate for this amendment;, but merely
to state the reasons which had induced the Com-
mittee on Finance not to except to the provision
as it came fiom the House. 1 shall be satisfied
with the action of the Senate, whatev er it may be,
on the subject.
The question being taken, there were, on a di-
vision—ayes 9, nays 20; no quorum voting.
Mr. DAV JS culled for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 22, nays 18; as follows:
YfiAS—Uayaid, Benjamin, Braes, Chandlei,
Clingman, Coilamer, Davit-, Fitzpauiek, Foster, Gunicu,
Hale, Harlan, UeniphilS, 1 vei^on. Johnson of Tonnej^pp,
Potucp, Polk, Uk*o, Saulsburv, Slide)!, Toombs, and Wig-
fall—£8.
NAYS—Me*sis. Anthony, i>inzhnm, Brown, Chc^nut,
Clark, Dixun, Doohtllo, Duikeo, Fc-Aendcn, Fitch, Hwn-
Jm, Km", Lam', hatha*!, tfewaid, Ten lijck, Trumbull,
and WiKon—lti.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LANE. Is it now in order to move to
strike out the remainder of that clause *
The PRESIDING OFFICER, it is.
Mr. LANE. Then I make that motion. I
move to strike out the clause:
'•For the manufacture oi pmehase of appaiatu^ and
. equipments lor fluid ^gnul^
I want to let it all go together. The inventor
of this system} which 1 think is ihe most import-
ant thing in the way of signals that has ever been
invented for the use of any army, has been re-
fused, as an appropriate reward, a position whore
he could bo useful. Money is no object to him.
I hope he will never consent to let it go into the
Army to be used unless justice is done to him—
that justice which he asks, and which I believe is
right, if he has any spirit at all, the money,
if appropriated, cannot be used tor the Army.
Therefore, i wont it stricken out, and I hope the
Senate will strike it out. We do not want sig-
nals; the country does not need them.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator's views on the
proper spirit of an officer dill* r very Widely from
my own. i think when an officer Juts discovered
anything while in the military service, while in
pay of and employed by the Government, while
he is furnished by the Department with aid and
assistance to make the discovery, Ins spirit would
be to give it to his Government at all times, and
that I am sure is the feeling of this gentleman.
Mr. LANE. Then I mistake the man very
much.
Mr. DAVIS. Moreover,sir, the §3,000is not
for the benefit of the individual. It is to purchase
the apparatus with which to operate: and he has
been operating now all about the harbor of New-
York with a lieutenant of engineers, using such
apparatus as he had, such as he exhibited before
the committee; and I think he is very willing to
give his knowledge to his own Government and
to the service to which he belongs. I hope,
therefore, the appropriation of ^2,0U0 fur buying
machinery will not be stricken out.
Mi. LANE. They ought to go together.
Tiity ought not to be separated. I am satisfied
that I am right about it.
Air. DAVIS. If he does not want the Govern-
ment to have it, of course they cannot take it at all.
Mr. LANE called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. DAVIS. Thtft the matter may be under-
stood by the Senate, I will merely state that this
officer has been engaged for a considerable period
with an officer of engineers in making experiments
upon this discovery with such signals as he was
able to obtain. This is an appropriation to in-
crease the amount which would be justly appli-
cable to the use of such signals as he has already
heen employing in his experiments. If there is
any temper on the part of the Senate, I should be
sorry to see it exhibited in this form.
Mr. LANE. Well, Mr. President, I do not
want to take time.
I only desire to say that this ; , Senator from Oregon, and I am u little M.rpi.srd
' -  ' ■ * , - 1: {he subject in th.s form and ut
gentleman has spent very much of his time in ji at his presenting the subject j
perfecting the system of signals  ji this place, i hope the Seimto will not entertain it at
Mr. DAVIS. The Government's time.
Mi. LAN 15. No, sii; he discharged these du-
ties outside of his line of service, and for the good
of the Army and the country. I hope nothing
will be done in lelation to this matter, until the
Senate can have an opportunity of examining it,
at some other time, and when this officer can be
allowed the position that he ought to have—that '1 place. If it is, I have nothing to say about it; but
of a staff officer of the Army, whose duty it shall jj 1 should like to be satisfied upon that puiyt, as I
be to insti act the officers of the Army in the use > j am in favor of this amendment, which ] offered
myself, and withdrew at a foi mer period, to an-
this time and piace, because It is very olear that
the subject is one that requires full examination
and deliberation, both as to the propriety of this
step and as to the legislative authority to do it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to hear from
the Senator fiom Mississippi a reason, if any can
be given, why it is improper at this time and
of these signals, as a rewaid of merit. In thai
way it can beicdueed to u system; it may be dif-
fused tinough the whole of the Army, officers
everywhere may be instructed, and may be on
duty everywhere, North and South, on the Pa-
cific and on the Atlantic. Until that can be done,
1 hope no appropriation will be made; but let it
all fall together, or let this gentleman begin anew,
and let him give his attention to sawing legs, if
you choose.
Mr. KING. I have no feeling at all about this
other bill, at the suggestion of the Senator from
Mississippi.
Mr. DAVIS. I have a great many reasons.
One which I suppose would have been sufficient
to the Senator from Oregon, was that, at. chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs, I was
charged with a great number of amendments, quite
as many as i expect to be able to explain; and
the introduction of a subject like this, wlii'di we
know must lead to debate, befoie the committee
matter; but 1 do not suppose that this appropria- j \ have had an oppoi tunity to offer any of the amend
tion of #2,000 is necessary to enable the Secretary
of War to make expewmeuts with these signals.
As Iundeistand it,huha«been doing so out of the
general appropriations. The Department haveau-
thoiity, and divert appropriations from one pur-
pose to another. Although I was disposed to sus-
tain the proposition to give this officer a special
position, somewhat as a reward for him, 1 have
no great feeling about thet, but I do not think
there is any necessity for tins appropriation, uti- M -
less it is to set up a department of this sort. As i1 Altai#
I understood it, the Secretary of War desired that.
ThefWore, with no feeling about the nn-utei at all,
I shall vote with tin* Senator fiom Oregon.
Mr. DAVES. The Senator from New York is
mistaken, if he supposes Congress appropriated
money to he applied w the discretion of the Sec-
retary of War It is all of it appropriated for sp( -
cifie object, except a contingent fund. Out of that
fund, he may draw,and does draw, occasionally,
small amounts for exjienses which could not have
been anticipated; and were not, therefote, esti-
mated for. I suppose he knew he wanted the
$>2,000, or he would not have asked foi it.
All. KING* He a>ked fo> it in connection
with this matter. The Senator fiom Alissn.sipjn,
in eommunien'ing the information that hedoe-sto
me m the lic'.Mnnin^, takes it ! nek when in' says
the S< rreury of War lias a contingent fund, out
of which he inaj' use money for this purpose.
That is wlipt 1 supposed.
Air. DAVIS. That is not what you said. You
said he tiansierred money from one obiect to an-
other.
Have they not the authority to
merits which they proposed to the bill, which
they, as the particular committee of the Senate,
are charged with, 1 think really out of time and
out of place.
_ Mr. FESSENDEN. That is a personal ques-
tion.
Mr. LANE. I am sure the Senator will never
charge me with any want of courtesy and kind-
ness. 1 would not intervene at any time to pre-
vent the chairman of the Committee on Military
from offering all his amendment;
The law will answer the que si-
Mr. KING.
do that?
Mi. DAVIS.
tion.
Mr. KING. It gives1 it; and they are con-
stantly doing so in the Department.
Mr. DAVIS. Oh, no, sir, the law specifies very
fewr objects.
Uitary
flrom ottering all ins amendments, ft
me as being a proper time and a proper
| place m the bill to offer this, or 1 should not have
i offered it at this moment. It is offered, however:
! and if in order, I am disposed to adhere to it, fur
j it reduces expenses at West Point so far as pre-
paring officers for the Army is eonanied. [t
J brings them into the, service one year earlier than
l they are now brought in, and a greater number
; can be educated under the provisions of this
. amendment at the same cobt. The tenn th"re
, fixed is quite sufficient for acquiring tin. educa-
tion in cessary for the service. Until recently it
i wes the term—since 1816 or 18^4, I do not recol-
lect -winch—and was fixed ^is the term of instruc-
tion for many yeais; and the Academy under it
turned out good men—as good as it ever can turn
; out, or as any military school in the world ever
i did, or ever will. There has been a good deal of
; confusion there in consequence of the change,
i Sometimes it was understood that the course was
: four years, and then five years; and then four
years, and five years. I think Congress has the
power to fix the term, and I hope it will fix the
tune that has always prevailed there since a teim
of instruction has been fixed at all. I only oifer
this amendment because I want it adopted, and I
hope it may be done without discussion. There
is no good reason why much debate should spring
up on tins amendment, for every Senator under-
stands it, mid I trust it may be adopted.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, the Senator from
The question being taken on the amendment of !■ Oregon was entirely aware, as a member of the
r " ' 1""' *' Committee on Military Affairs, that the ehahmaa
was instructed to report a large number of arm nd-
ments. As this was the appropriation bill far the
Aimy, it was supposed, when the Committ  e on
Finance concluded their amendments, that tho
Committee on Military Affairs would offer such
as that committee thought proper to append;
otherwise, it would have been necessary to send
the amendments to the Committee on Finance to be
adopted or rejected there, m order that they might
come in first for consideration. The Senator from
Oregon, however,has thought proper to intioduce
his amendment, and thus to mteirupt the duties
which, in another capacity, he had charged me
with as chairman of that committee.
Mr. LANE. I will say to the Senator, if he
will allow me, that I do not desire to iritenupt the
offering of amendments by the committee; and if
there be no objection to offering this amendment
at the end of the bill, when he is through with his
amendments, I will for the present withdraw u.
Mr. DAVIS. I am perfectly willing to discuss
the amendment at any time.
Mr. LANE. Will it be in order to oft'.r it as
well after the chairman of the comrmtUo has oflerod
Mr. Lank, by yeas and nays, resulted—yeas 14,
nays '23; as follows:
YUA^ — IJinalnm, rhnndler, Dixon, Duikee,
Il.iinWn, fla-ian, Kmc;, Lane, Latham, Polk, Seward, Ten
Fyrk. Ttumb_u!!, and WiL-on—11.
NAVs? — Me M.-. Anthony, P#rajr , Brown, Chc^nut,
Clatk, Cl'nmnan, Coilamer,Davi^, Fe^endtm, Fitzpatitck,
Fosfi, 'ir . H.tle, Hemphill, Iver-on, Johnson of Ten-
no'we. Nicholson, Pearcc, itiee, riaubbury. Sebastian,
Wigtall, and Wilkinson—03.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. LANE. I want to offer one more amend-
ment.
Mr. DAVIS. W:!i you allow the Committee
on Military Affairs to ofier theirs;
Mr. LAisE. I think this is the riglitplacc, and
I submit it to the Chaii. We are now at the end
of the bill, I believe.
The PRESIDING! OFFICER. The whole bill
is open to amendment.
Air. LANE. I propose the following amend-
ment at the end of the bill:
That tile term of in^U uctmii at West Point -.hall be luur
year-.
Air. DAVIS. If the Senate are going to enter-
tain that, n will be necessary for me to use some
information which I have already laid before the i! his amendments as now?
