THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, iTcL
Thirty-Sixth Con-gres!,, 1st Session.,
MONDAY, JUNE 4, 1860.
Mr. BROWN. Certainly, as much in order
then as now.
Mr. DAVIS. A little more so.
Mr. LAKE. Then, with a view of giving an
opportunity for the offering of all the amendments
prepaied by the Committee on Military Affairs, I
will for the present withdraw this amendment,
with the understanding that I shall offer it at the
proper time.
Mr. DAVIS. As instructed by the Committee
on Military Affairs, 1 now proceed to the duty
with which I am charged, which at least has the
advantage of not being personal either to myself
or my friends. After line one hundred and ninety-
four, it is proposed to insert this amendment:
For the construction of a military post 111 or near the val-
ley of the Red Iliver of the North,'between the forty-sixth
and forty-seventh degrees of north latitude, §50,000; the
lite to be selected and the post built under the diiection of
the Secretary of War.
Mr. PEARCE. I should like to inquire from
the Senator, who is chairman of the Committee
on Military Affairs, what is the necessity for this
appropriation? If I mistake not, it is the same
which was offered some years ago in the Senate,
when he was at the head of the War Department,
and was rejected by the Senate. Is the fort to be
at or near Pembina?
Mr. DAVIS. That is it.
Mr. PES.RCE. We then thought it was un-
necessary-
Mr. DAVIS. I will merely state that, at the
period to which the Senator from Maryland refers,
provision was made of some very small sum of
money for the construction of a post at or near
Pembina. The amount was so very small that no
attempt was made to construct it; but a report was
made to Congress that the amount appropriated
would barely suffice' to send out a party to recon-
noiter thegiound. Subsequently another appro-
priation was made, a. largeramount, under which,
as I understand since—1 had no connection with
it—some huts have been erected; and there are,I
think, now three companies there in huts. It is
aow asked to have a larger appropriation made,
in order that they may build a more permanent
cantonment or barrack, and change the location
to a point further south on the Red River of the
North. The argument has been from time to time
presented that tins post was very necessary to
control the half-breed Indians who rove on the
northern side of our territory from the British pos-
sessions, and who are said to be well armed, well
mounted, men of more than ordinary efficiency.
As to the immediate necessity of it, the press-
ing want of the frontier, I think I had better leave
it to the representative from that portion of the
country, [Mr. Rick,] as he knows very well the
character of the people, the Indians and the set-
tlers, to state to the Senate what the facts are.
Mr. RICE. Mr. President, there have been
two appropriations made for this purpose—one
of $5,000, and the other of $20,000. The people
oi that country have memorialized Congress for
years; and the Legislature of the Territory and
of the State of Minnesota have also memorialized
Congress upon various" occasions. There is a
large settlement upon the river. There is a large
settlement at Pembina. It is entirely unprotected.
We have not upon the northern line a post from
the great lakes to the Pacific. Two years ago
the Sioux of the plains stole upwards of two hun- J
ored head of horses and cattle from those settlers. f
Hardly a year has passed, for the last fifteen or !
twenty, but what more or less lives of American
citizens have been taken. The lust that I recol-
lect of was a lady whom I knew, who went from
Cincinnati. She was shot while attending a sick
child in the night. Recently, just south of there,
too or three white men have been murdered.
That portion of the Red river lying within the
united States is a division line between the two
greatest warlike Indian nations within our limits
the Sioux and the Chippewas. There has not
* year passed but what large parties have gone
worn one tribe against the other. In these excur-
sions they must necessarily pass through our set-
161
New Series No. 181.
tlements; and wherever a large war party makes
its trail, it is sure to leave devastation behind.
Last season a steamer was placed upon that river.
It is now in successful operation. The Indians
this past winter threatened to destroy it; and the
owners were obliged to send a great distance, and
at great expense, a force to protect the boat and
other property. There are now one hundred
teams employed constantly m transporting sup-
plies for the Hudson's Bay Company, from St.
Paul through to the head of the navigable waters
of that river. They are constantly subject to be
annoyed by these Indians.
Just north of the line there is a very large set-
tlementof British subjects,containmgsomefifteen
or twenty thousand people. The British Govern-
ment have a fort in the settlement upon then-
side, well garrisoned. It is an almost daily occur-
rence that the half-breeds and other British subjects
cross over into our territory and commit violence
and destroy property. We had no troops, not a
soldier within five hundred miles. "We have upon
that river a Government land offiec. The land
officers petitioned for protection against the In-
dians. They go into the villages and they destroy
property. But a few days since, a party of the
Chippewas went against the Sioux, and there is a
town on the upper waters of the Mississippi, Sauk
Rapids, which the Chippewas passed through,
The New Era of that town says:
" The Chippewa party passed through town homeward
this raoinm", bearini; the loin blondy'icalps of the untoi-
tunate Siuux. as tiophigs of their victory. One of the party
had the entire head of a Sioux ill a bag, which he exhibited
on the door step at Day's Hotel. Weary with the load, lie
took it out, made merty over it, took otf the tealp, and
threw the bloody remainder away. Afterwards, a young
Chippewa rolled it over and over, cut a gun stringtrom it,
and went away icjoicing."
I think that humanity, and even a decent re-
spect for the lives of the Indians, and far more,
the protection of our own people from such dis-
graceful scenes, should induce the Government to
pay some little attention to that country. Troops
were ordered there, I think, two years ago. They
remained, as the Senator from Mississippi said,
in huts. When winter came it was found that it
would be impossible for them to remain longer.
They were ordered south, where they could ob-
tain quarters. Last winter passed away The
necessities were such that the Secretary of War
was compelled to order three companies theie
again. If they are to be ordered there during the
summer, and away during the winter, one half
of the season the country is protected, and the
other half left to the ravages of the Indians, you
will find that the expense of transportation of
these troops back and forth will cost much more
than this appropriation. I presume the expense
last fall of ordering them away, the transportation
down south, and back again north, amounted to
more than fifty thousand dollars. This measure
was recommended by' the former Secretary of
War, and has been by the present Secretary. I
do not wish to discuss it. It appears to me so
obviously necessary that there can be no doubt
in the mind of anybody in regard to it.
Mr. PEARCE. I do not know whether this
sum of $50,000 is all that will be required for the
erection of this establishment, whatever it be. If
§50,000 is intended, not for a military fortress,
but for the accommodation of troops who are
ordered there now, ond may he retained there, I
believe I should make no objection to it; but if it
isfor a military fortress, a place to stand a siege,
a stronghold, there is no necessity for it in that
section of the country, and it would be of no use
for you to build a fortress there. If it is merely
for the accommodation of troops, to give them
protection from the inclemency of the weather, I
make no objection. A fortress, even if it were
garrisoned up there, would not protect the country
from incursions of Indians, nor from intrusion? of i
British officials; but if it is for protection of troops "
now there, and likely to remain there, I shall not
object.
Mr. DAVIS. I think I Dan explain to the Sen-
ator from Maryland, if he will permit me.
Mr. PEARCE. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. I think I can tell the Senator the
foundation of the difficulty. Ai&ny years a°*o it
was decided that, instead of the great variety of
names, such as barracks, cantonments, and so on,
all the inferior posts should be called forts. They
are not forts in strictness of language. They are
mere-barracks; but they are called forts. This is
to build barracks. I suppose nobody has any
idea of erecting a fortification there.
Mr. RrlCE. That is all. The only object is
to furnish quarters for the troops for the length
of time it may be necessary to keep them there;
and here is a letter from the Quartermaster Gen-
eral, in which he states that the sum asked for
will, in his opinion, be sufficient for the object.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understand that thin
embraces the purchase of a site.
Mr. RICE. No, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 should like to hear the
amendment read again.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
For the construction of amihtarv post in or near the val-
ley of the Hod River of the North,"between the forty-sixth
and forty-seventh debtees of north latitude, §50,000; tha
site, to be selected and the post built under tlie direction of
the Secretaij of War.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should think that em-
braced the purchase of a site.
Mr. RICE. 1 will state to the Senator that th«
land there all belongs to the Government and th©
Indians; and the Government never purchases
sites from the Indians for forts. Upon the west
side, where the present huts are, every acre be-
longs to the Indians. It is within the Tei-ritorv
of Dakota.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It may be supposed to
be so, but it may turn out to be otherwise.
Mr. RICE. It will be acceptable to me if the
Senator would amend it so as to prevent the pur-
chase of a site.
Mr. FESSENDEN. As I understand, there
arc troops there now, and it is not proposed to
send any greater number there. It is a mere
question, therefore, of accommodation; and a ques-
tion with which the section of country has nothing
to do that I perceive; because itdoes not propose
anything' of a nature that is to be what is called
a permanent establishment. It is a mere question,
as I understand it, whether the troops that are
kept there shall be kept in one way or another.
Heretofore they have been accommodated, \t
seems, in huts, and have been there in what mil-
itary men call cantonments; and now it is pro-
posed to provide something in the shape of per-
manent barracks for their accommodation, and to
select a site, necessarily, if the Secretary cannot
find one. If he cannot find one that is on public
property, he is to purchase private property for
a site. I think this may as well be deferred, in
the present state of the Treasury, at any rate.
If it was a question of protecting the country; if
the country was destitute of protection, and was
to be better protected m this way than any other,
I should make no objection to it; but as I under-
stand from the chairman of the Military Commit-
tee, it will not make any difference in regard to
the amount of troops, but is merely a question of
accommodation for the troops. It does notappear
that they have suffered heretofore, or will suffer
hereafter, though their accommodations may not
be quite as good as they could be.
In the present state of the Treasury, I thank it
might be as well to defer this; at any rate, t have
seen so many instances in the last three or four
yetus, where, when a certain gross sum of money
has been appropriated for a purpose, it has been
all expended for the benefit of private persons,
without accomplishing the purpose,that t amdis-
posed to wait, particularly before appropriating
theso large sums of money to be put into the
hands of the Secretary of War for such objects.
I am not disposed to say anything more; I am
not disposed to say anything that is offensive;
but inasmuch as the country there will not suifer
for the want of troops, and as it is only a ques-
tion as to the accommodation of the troops them-
