I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
175
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Slavery Question—Mr, Sedgwick.
Ho. op Keps.
ileges, class legislation, and monopolies, sought
from Government, is for one portion of the peo-
ple to become beggars or vampires of the rest.
/ For classes thus to beleaguer Government is as
disgraceful to communities as it is to individuals,
when twenty or a hundred applicants, "long,
lank, lean, and lantern-jawed, snap and snarl
for every bone in the gift of the Government,
from the Executive to the Doorkeeper. Were I
allowed to personify Government, 1 should rep-
resent it as a protecting genius, and its words ad-
dressed to the people Would be these: " Citizens,
I shall protcct you in your persons and property,
and in all the lawful activities and pursuits of life -
—cultivating the soil, delving in the mine, toil-
ing in the workshop, constructing the railway,
excavating the canal, felling the forest—and in
every other department of human activity you
shall be unmolested. Commerce, if it chooses,
shall in safety traverse every sea and ocean, and
fold its pinions securely in every port. This,
with general laws, available alike to all, so that
numbers may combine to achieve what individual
effort cannot accomplish, and my task is-done.
I leave you then to work out your own des-
tiny." This is, in a word, the theory of our
Government. Should it be fully reduced to prac-
tice, the expenditures would be greatly reduced,
and the income from the sale of the public lands
would not be needed.
More than this. Should the advancing civili-
zation of the world demand, as, from present in-
dications, at no distant day it may demand, recip-
rocal, unrestricted commercial intercourse among
the civilized nations of the earth, then they would
be under the best possible of all bonds to keep the
peace, namely, the bond of mutual interest and mu-
tual dependence. In this event, our Army might be
disbanded, and our Navy suffered to decay and dis-
appear, as, indeed, it has already several times be-
come antiquated and required rejuvenation since
its services were called into requisition. Indeed,
whenwc have actual need of naval ships, we hire
merchant vessels, and then buy them, because the
purchase-money is less than the rental. If we
need an army, the citizen will transform himself
into a soldier. If we need a navy, our mercantile
marine will furnish it. Furor armaministrat. Let
these instruments of human butchery pass away.
The world is ripe for their disappearance. Chris-
tian civilization has been encumbered with them
long enough. The victories of the olive branch
are fraught with greater and more permanent
blessings than those of the sword. Saving the
millions which we lavish, nay, which we waste,
on armies and navies, we could well spare the
comparatively small pittance which we reccive
from the sale of the public lands. The earth was
evidently designed for culture, that by the sweat
of the face bread might be supplied for the suste-
nance of physical life. Earth, air, and water, were
by the ancients regarded as beingequaliy essential
to human life. The earth, therefore, should not
be monopolized and withheld from culture, either
for the pleasure of lords or the profit of capitalists.
This measure will greatly increase the number
of emigrants to this country, and thus add to our
material prosperity. I am not among those who
look upon the tide of emigration which is so con-
stantly flowing to these shores as a calamity; but,
contrariwise, a blessing. The emigrant supplies
three things m which we stand eminently in need,
to wit: musclc, money, and mouths. Under this1
system bread may be cheap, but a country always
prospers when this is the case. Labor and bread
will always adjust themselves in suitable propor-
tions to each other. The great proportion of those
who leave their native country and adopt this, be-
come industrious, thrifty, and loyal citizens. This
is especially true of those who will avail them-
selves of the provisions of this law.
The donation of the public lands in small free-
holds to actual settlers will greatly increase the
number of those who belong to what is called the
middle class. Many centuries have justified the
wisdom of that prayer, uttered and recorded ages
ago: " Give me neither poverty nor riches."
lie who holds fast the golden mean,
And lives contentedly between
flu* little and the gieat,
Pt'f'U not the want* that pinch the poor,
Noi plagues that haunt the rich man's door,
Embittering all his &tate."
It is to this class that the State must look foj*
its support, permanence, and prosperity; not to
those who at night go to the cellar or the slave
hut; nor to those who enter the mansion or pala-
tial abode, but to him who goes to his home; who
during the day cultivates the soil which he owns,
and returns at evening to meet the " wee ones"
running out to greet their father, and to enter the
white painted cottage to partake of the frugal even-
ing meal with the mother and children; and who,
ere seeking the repose of the night, bows in silent
adoration or in out-spoken prayer, and implores
Heaven's blessing on the loved circle of which he
is the constituted protectorandprovider. Letthese
homes multiply. Let these families abound. Let
the idler in the crowded city, asking, and perhaps
asking m vain, for the charity of wages, go there
and make him a home. Let the youngman from
the over-populous States, whose paternal estate
affords him no chance of occupancy and labor, go
and make him a home. Let tliose lads take their
widowed mother and dependent sisters and go there
and make them a home. Let the'foreigner who
desires to escape the penury or despotism of other
countries, and to cast his lot loyally with us, go
there and make a home. Let the tide of Christian
civilization move compactly onward, and unob-
structed; and in its path shall spring up neighbor-
hoods, villages, schools, churches, mechanic arts,
and all the varied developments of industrial com-
munities. Before this compactand resistless host
of hardy and intelligent pioneers—not " rowdies
and vagabonds," as aprominentpolitician recently
designated the early settlers—movingonward with
closed ranks and harmonious step, the Indian will
disappear, either by transformation to civilized life
or removal; and thus the frontier settlements, being
compact and self-protecting, will save in govern-
mental outlay more than the worth of the lands
at the present legal valuation.
Let the public domain, then, be carved up into
homesteads, and subdued and cultivated by any
one who chooses to become its possessor and cul-
tivator. He earns it by this very process. It was
given by the Divine Proprietor to the human race
for this very purpose, and not to be held in vast
c|uantities, unsubdued and uncultured, by corpora-
tions or individuals. I repeat, let that class of citi-
zens of which 1 have spoken be increased. They
are, more than any other class, the hope of the
country.
11 Princes and lords may flourish, or may fade—
A bic.uh can make them, as a bieaih has made;
Hut a bold yeomanry, their country's pride,
When once deployed can never be supplied."
It is this class which gives commerce its gains,
the factory its profits, and the shop its thrift. It
is among this class that religion finds its most nu-
merous votaries and supporters, common schools
their vitality, and patriotism its most loyal devo-
tees. It is this class, alike removed from the lure
of ambition and the corruption of wealth, which
says to the madness of political, partisan strife:
i4Thus far shalt thou come!" Let these noble men
and women have homesteads. If the States will
perfect this benign legislation, and give it in per-
petuity to the wife and mother, all the better. It
is fashionable now-a-days to go back to the legal
regulations of Judea for examples of legislation,
and lor principles of morality. If the States should
ingraft the principle of the Jewish Commonwealth,
foibidding the alienation of homesteads, except
for a limited period, so that in the year of jubilee
the beggared descendant could go back and rest in
the home of his fathers, all the better—much bet-
ter, I think, than to imitate their practice of con-
cubinage, or to adopt their system of servitude.
It is this class which will fight our battles, should
a hostile footstep ever dare press our soil, or in-
sult dishonor our flag. It is this class which
will protect from violence or dismemberment the
temple of Freedom, where in the holiest of holies
the Constitution and the Union repose. Should
ever any attempt be made to execute the sacri-
legious threats of disunion, which have so fre-
quently during this session of Congress grated
harshly on our ears, and on every patriotic heart
as well—should the <£ watch-fires of disunion"be
kindled, as we hear they are to be kindled, on
" hill side and mountain top," and the slogan of
disunion resound through our valleys, and the red
cross be sent from plantation to plantation, call-
ing the clans to assembhTfor an assault on this
Union, to tear down the fabric reared by the sages
and consecrated by the blood of the martyrs of
the Revolution—then, sir, this, this is the class that
will rally to the rescue. They will come, joining
in, with clenched hand and compressed lip, from
all portions of the country, without regard to sec-
tional or geographical lines, without regardto po-
litical sentiments; from the rocky shores of New
England, the hill sides of the Middle States,.and
the prairies of the West; from the valleys and
hills of Kentucky, Tennessee, Maryland, Vir-
ginia, North and South Carolina, Georgia, and
even from the Gulf States, where disunion thrives
like a monster engendered by the' slime of the
Nile—from all quarters, northward, southward,
eastward, and westward, I seothe bold and patri-
otic yeomanry mustering in their strength, and
rallying around Freedom's temple, where the
Union is enshrined, and driving before them the
traitorous horde of disunionists, as the Son of God
drove their prototypes, the fallen angels, over the
battlements of heaven. Sir, this patriotic yeo-
manry will trample that traitorous crew like the
mire of the streets. And, as the last one dies be- '
ncath their feet, a shout shall go up like the voice
of thousands and thousands and ten times ten thou-
sands: "The Union, it must be preserved."
SLAVERY QUESTION.
SPEECH OF RON. C. B. SEDGWICK,
03? NEW YORK,
In the House of Representatives,
March 26, 1860.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. SEDGWICK s&id:
Mr. Chairman: Mere partisans are very apt to
forget tl^at there is a philosophy of politics, and
that parties arc not always mere instruments and
tools used by cunning and corrupt leaders to se-
cure place and power. They forget that even in
politics, names do sometimes stand for things;
that great principles do sometimes lie at the foun-
dation of political movements. The character,
strength, and virtue of a party are not always to
be measured by the probity and steadfastness of
its leaders. The blind may lead it astray through
ignorance, the corrupt may betray through self-
ishness and ambition; but if a party is born of
fate, required by history, and follows the inex-
orable logic of events, it will survive when its
blind leaders are forgotten, and the memory of the
corrupt is execrated.
The Republican party represents important liv-
ing ideas and sentiments. If successful, it is to
establish practical and essential reforms in the
administration of this Government, and to revive
'and secure the principles and policy upon which
it was founded, upon which its usefulness de-
pends, and upon which its historical character
stands. If it means loss than this, labor in its be-
half is wasted, and hope for its success is worse
than idle.
The whole creed of the Republican party waf
admirably expressed by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevens] upon this floor in a few
words. It hates tyranny and oppression every-
where; in the dominions of the Autocrat and the
Sultan no less than at home, and at home no less
than in foreign lands. It desires the universal
prevalence of liberty, and the fullest recognition
of the equality of civil rights everywhere; but
having no power to control the tyranny of foreign
States, its duty is discharged if it remains true to
its own faith and principles, and resists steadily
and faithfully*, within the limits of constitutional
power and oy lawful and peaceful methods, the
establishment and expansion of slavery in this
Republic, and prohibits its existence and contin-
uance under Federal authority. For the just ex-
ercise of Federal authority, so far as that extends,
we are responsible, and no further. By this rule
and limitation of responsibility we claim no nglit,
by Federal legislation, to interfere with any mu
nicipal laws or regulations of any of the States
so long as they refrain from unjustly interfering
with and abridging by State legislation rights se-
cured to us by express constitutional guaiantees.
