2562
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2,
selves, and we are not at present very flush, I
think it may be as well to defer this, at any rate
to another year, and then consider whether it is
worth while to make the appropriation. Let us
hear something farther on the subject.
Mr. RICE. I must have been unfortunate in
not making myself understood. For years the
people of that country have asked for troops. The
former Secretary of War saw the necessity of it.
The present Secretary of War saw the necessity
of having troops there. He ordered them there
two years ago, and they were hutted. They re-
mained during the summer season in huts, but
were unable to remain in that cold /climate with-
out better protection, and were ordered away,
and were absent during the winter. In the mean
time the Indians went on committing depreda-
tions. The Secretary of War found it absolutely
necessary to order them back again this past sea-
son. A few weeks ago he ordered them there;
and three companies are now there for the pro-
tection of the inhabitants, the protection of the
frontier; and unless they can have money to build
barracks to shelter them in the winter, they must
be ordered back again next fall, and the items of
transportation back and forth will amount to a
good deal more than the money asked for these
quarters.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am rather inclined to
wait.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendmentproposed by the Committee
on Military Affairs.
Mr. RICE. I deem this a matter of very great
importance, and it may become necessary here-
after to refer to it. I therefore ask for the yeas
and nays. I hope the Senate will not refuse it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WILKINSON. 1 did not intend to say a
word in regard to this amendment; but it seems
to me to be very important. From my observa-
tion, (and all that I know about it is principally
from observation since I have been in that coun-
try,) I am certain that this appropriation is wise
and just. I do not see why gentlemen should
" have any apprehensions that there is anything
wrong about it. I can remember, some years ago,
when the Government ordered troops into that
country; and I have known, since I have been a
resident of Minnesota, that great outrages have
been committed in that section of the country,
which have arisen almost entirely from the fact
that there has been no protection theie. The ap-
propriation, to me, seems to be absolutely neces-
sary and wise and just; and I hope it will be
adopted.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 28, nays 6; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Ora™, Chandler, Chesmit,
Clark, Clmginan, Collamer. Duvic, Ftteh, Fitzpatrielv,
Grimes, Gwin, Hamlin, Hammond, Harlan, Hemphill,
Johnson of Tennessee, King, I^ane, Latham, Nicholson,
Polk, Riec, Salisbury, Trumbull, Wigfall, Wilkinson, and
Wilson— 28.
NAYS—Messrs. DUon, Fesscntlen, Foster, Hale, Pearcc,
and Toomb*—6.
So the amendmentwns agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 offer the following amendment
from the Committee on Military Affairs, to add at
the end of the bill:
For the constiuction of barracks and quarters at Fort
Coblj, In the Indian Territory, $100,000.
I will state to the Senate, that this is the esti-
mate of the cost which is sent from the Depart-
ment with a letter presenting this as a post where
barracks are required. It is that post which lies
north of the Red river, and which has been se-
lected as best commanding the nomadic Indians
west of Texas, and north of the Red river, and
upon the skirts of Kansas; migratory Indianswho
have committed so many depredations, and of
whom the Senate has heard so much.
Mr. COLLAMER. Did I understand the gen-
tleman to say that this was called for by the head
of the Department?
Mr. DAYIS. Yes. I will send the Secre-
tary's letter up to the Clerk's desk, and let it be
read.
Mr. COLLAMER. If it is, I do not object to
it. By mistake, I voted for one that he did not
call for, and I shall not vote for any more. I
shall not vote for any they do not want.
Mr. DAVIS. Here is the letter from the War
Dapartment with the estimate of the Quartermas-
ter General accompanying the letter of the Sec-
retary of War, which can be read if desired.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. From the same committee, I pro-
pose another amendment, to add at the end of the
bill:
For fortifications at Point Roberts on the gulf of Georgia,
$100,000.
I will state to the Senate that this gulf of
Georgia and Point Roberts have acquired very
great importance within a short period. Perhaps
it may not have been very generally observed that
the prolongation of the forty-ninth parallel, before
striking the sound, runs over a point of land
which was formerly supposed to be north of the
forty-ninth parallel. Thus we acquire a piece of
territory, being a point of land in a peninsula, all
the rest of which is British territory; and this
commands the main channel or entrance into the
bay which forms the inlet to the valley of Fraser's
river. General Totten has recently made a re-
connoissance of that post, and in his report to the
War Department gives his opinion of the import-
ance of a fortification upon that point, which the
Secretary of War communicates to the Committee
on Military Affairs, who examined it with a view
to our command of that bay, the entrance into the
valley of which has attracted a large population
by its recent gold discoveries; and the fact of its
being a commanding military position in relation
to Great Britain induced the committee to recom-
mend an appropriation to be made accordingly for
these fortifications. If the Senate lequest it, I will
have the papers read.
Mr. COLLAMER. I should like to inquire
of the chairman of the committee, what sort of
fortifications it is proposed to erect there ? Is this
to be the beginning of a system, or what is it?
Having acccss to it by land, I take it, it is a Brit-
ish province.
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir.
Mr. COLLAMER. And there will, therefore,
require to be fortifications against land approach ?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir.
Mr. COLLAMER. As well as water commu-
nication ?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir.
Mr. COLLAMER. That will require an ex-
tensive fortification ?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir.
Mr. COLLAMER. This is but the beginning
of it.
Mr. DAVIS. Exactly. I take it so.
Mr. COLLAMER. Has the system been
marked out, and projected to what it is to be ul-
timately ?
Mr. DAVIS. I think the only mannerin which
I can answer the Senator very satisfactorily,
would be to have this paper read. It will save
my throat, and perhaps give the information bet-
ter than in any other way.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Confidential.
Washington, March 26, 1860.
Sir: Your instructions marked " confidential," under
date of November 9, 18o9, directed mc to "examine the
Island of San Juan, in the Canal de Haro, with a view to
determining its fitnessforapermanentfortification,and the
best site therefor, upon it, in tire event that the title to the
island, now in dispute with the Government of Gicat But-
atn, shall he decided in favor of the United States, of
which, in my judgment, there is no shadow of doubt."
The fitness ot tins island lor a permanent fortification, or
for a military station of any kind, depends upon its relation
to so much of our water frontier as lies along the straits
of Fuca, and its water Communications with the gulf of
Georgia.
This particular subject was, therefore, kept in mind while
I was pursuing my general examination of the northwest
coast. It directed the particular course of my inspections
of tho^e wateis, and led me to extend my explorations as
high upas Fiasor's river.
I find nothing in the magnitude, form, or position of San
Juan island, that will admit of tieaunont for such a pui-
pose, separate from general military considerations, those
only with which I have anything to do; and I now proceed
to give, as briefly as I can, the convictions that have arisen
in my mind, after mature reflection.
Groat Butam, by owning the whole of Vancouver's
Island, of which the southern shore bounds the straits of
Fuca on the north, possesses, just within Its southern ex-
tremity, the admirable man-of-war harbor of Esquimault;
and she now occupies it as a naval station, having present
thereat the time of my visit, one hne-of-battle ship and four
war steamers. This harbor has, in a high degree, every
internal convenience ; facility of ingress and egress at all
times, and pcrfect defensibleness at a moderate cost, by
fortifications, should such defense be considered necessary
at any future time.
My first remark on these circumstances is, that possess-
ing Esquimanlt harbor, the ownership of the San Juan
archipelago, or of that island alone, is not necessary to
Great Britain for her own occupation, either for defensive
or offensive 'purposes. Because, while occupying Esqui-
mault harbor, and enjoying naval superiority, she will com-
mand completely, so far as local position can enable her,
the straits of Fuca, and all other waters within Cape Flat-
tery, including Puget Sound, Admiralty inlet, and all the
channels and passages of the San Juan archipelago. All
out commerce and communications therein will be inter-
rupted, or exposed to the greatest hazards.
With superiority afloat, she will need no fortifications in
the aichipelago, in order to command the passages. Its
quiet and pleasant waters may be much resorted to by her ,
cruisers; but the place of refreshment, rendezvous, and, if
need be, ofiefuge, will, because there can be no better, be
Esquimault itself. Indeed, a fortified anchorage at San Juan
island, foi instance, would not be essentially nearer, and
would no bettor ovoilook our harhoisof Diuigeness, Port
Discovery, Squun Kabor, Admiralty mitt, Puget Sound,
&c., &.c., than that of Esquimault.
Neithci docs Great Biitain need San Juan island, nor
any other island in the group, for the purpose of delrndmg,
by foitificatious, her communications with the gulf of Geoi-
gia. Such a system would demand numerous works, to
overlook the many navigable passages through the ijroup;
while the same navai foiee that will be indispensable lor
other purposes, will be precisely the best description of
foicc for this defense ; and for the interception of, and re-
sistance to, expeditions from our distant shores.
If, therefore, the archipelago be assigned to Great Brit-
am, u will haidly be the seat of any naval or military es-
tablishment. Possibly, with the growth of the country,
some establishments there may be deemed to need slight
delenses against predatory raids; but nothing of thatsoit
can occur within any reasonable tune ; and nothing is likely
to happen in that way to bear upon our present question.
But even if it be her wish to fortity theie, her desire to re-
tain the islands aiises, X ani convinced, tnuch i.'ss trom a
belief that such a military or naval station is necessary to
her interests in that region than from a knowledge that to
us they will afford militaiy advantages quite important,
and not otherwise to be had.
This leads mo toremaik, in the second place, that by the
establishment of the division line between the two coun-
tries, in the straits of Ilaro, we shall, in soi^e sott, havo
compensation for the advantages Gi cat Britain enjoys by
owning the whole of Vancouver's Island, and maintaining
a ptedommant naval force at its southern cxtiemity, since
it will then be in our power to react with more oi less effect,
accoidmg to our energy and enterprise, upon these interior
waters, by securely fortilying an anchorage at San Juan
island, or some other place close upon the llaio channel.
The presence, under the shelter of such foitifications, of
fast, armed steamers, would exercise an important influ-
ence upon the communications between the straits of Fuca
and the gulf of Georgia. Fraser's river, &c., would at all
tunes Uneaten and hariass this communication; and com-
pletely command it, whenever it should happen to be with-
out the actual presence of a strong convoy.
It is easy to see that no such effects could be looked for,
with the navai mastery against u^, if our neatest fortified
position were some forty or fi'ty miles distantlromthemain
channel—which will be the case if the llosario strait is to
become the boundary.
My conclusions, from these and such like consideration^
are that the possession of the San Juan group of islands,
is, stratagetically, of high importance to us ; that without
this possession, there can be no escape or relief fiom the
paralysis that adverse naval predominance will impose on
all our coasts and waters inside of Cape Flatteiy; and
that, so tar as considerations of a different nature admit,
or can be materially aided by such influences, this import-
ance can hardly have too much weight given to it.
The selection of the precise site ior the fortification
deemed to be necessary under such views as the above, is
a matter not to be fixed hy mere inspection of the giound
and water, without more detailed surveys than we now
have. There are, probably, several advantageous positions;
but that one has to be found that combines the greatest
number of important conditions.
Some important military considerations make it my duty
to offer here a remark or two on another matter, supposed
to be connected with unsettled points in the boundary
question.
A portion of " Point Roberts," situated near the bottom
or outlet of the gulf of Georgia, is cut off from the main
land, and left on our side, by the parallel of 49" north lati-
tude. This position I deem to have much value, in a mili-
tary sense, because from this point a command over the
lower poition of the gulf of Georgia can be maintained,
not unlike th-it exercised over the straits of Fuca, and the
inner waters, by the harbor o£ Esquimault. To make this
analogy complete would, of couise, require a naval pre-
ponderance on our part; but, even without this, under such
provisions as have been suggested lor the San Juan group,
an important control and active and telling enterprises may
result from its possession.
A fortified anehoiage here, with a few swift war steam-
ers, would permit an active cooperation with the like es-
tablishment suggested for the San Juan islands; serving, as
the case might bo, for combined or independent efforts ; for
mutual support or recipiocal refuge. It is plain that duly
to pei form this part, this northern work must not be placed
on shores distant from principal channels, but be brought
well to the front, where everything can be seen and ail
chances of action improved.
But independent of effects and influences having rela-
tion to a possible state of war with our powerful neighbor,
we have to keep in mind the necessity of providing our
water frontier with suie protection against large bauds of
brave, hardy, and enterprising northern Indians, whose
harvest is predatorv warfare, and who recognize no rela-
tions with others but those of hostility. Expeditions of
these, even of late, have visited our shores, leaving sad
memories of spoliation and blood-shedding.
Against this danger even incessant vigilance on the part
of the inhabitants is no security upon the long-extended
shores, where population must be sparse for many years to
