1Y6
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 26,
36th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
Slavery Question—Mr. Sedgwicle.
Ho. oi? Reps.
But we do claim the right, and will exercise it,
whenever anil wherever, in our judgment, the
public interest, safety, and honor demand it, of
going to the extreme verge of constitutional au-
thority to resist and limit slavery beyond the
boundaries of the States, giving to the Constitution
such fair and liberal construction in favor of life
and liberty as the common law justifies and de-
mands. In a word, the Republican party is the
party of liberal ideas and principles; of progress;
of improvements; of common education; of pro-
tection, and will construct those ideas and senti-
ments into legislation just so fast as sound discre-
tion allows, and just so far as constitutional power
will admit. * **
This policy of the Republican party is assailed
by others upon widely different grounds. The
extremists of the North say that the Federal Con-
stitution upholds and sanctions slavery; that it
guaranties the claim of property in man; that such
was its original design andjntcnt; that it has been
administered so as to secure that end; that all the
departments of Government under it have been
. controlled for this purpose—the executive, judi-
cial, and legislative; that its foreign policy has
been shaped in accordance with such cicsign; and
they insist that, while we confine ourselves to con-
stitutional resistance to slavery, we can do noth-
ing to limit and restrain its encroachments; and
that the only hope of liberty is in the overthrow
of the Government and the subversion of the Con-
stitution, both which they hope to compass by
peaceful moans; and they say, and very truly,
jftmt the Republican party proposes and will con-
sent to no such desperate measures.
The extremists of the other section, holding
precisely the same views as to the character of the
Government and the proper construction of the
Constitution, and not denying the truth of the
historical statement, say*that the very existence
of the Republican party is a standing menace to
their institutions; that its future success means
nothing less than abolition or emancipation; and
that its attempted administration of tlie Govern-
ment, although called to power by the will of a
majority of tin? people constitutionally expressed,
is to be resisted by force of arms, and to the vio-
lent dissolution of the Government.
Tiie Abolitionist*, in Christian charity, advise
us to dissolve, because we are weak, impotent,
and incapable of good.
The oligarchies, with equal coolness and im-
pudence,-require that we shall disarm, because
we are wicked, powerful, and capable of mischief.
1 have said that names sometimes aland for
things; it sometimes occurs in politics that names
stand after the substance of things haw departed.
So have I seen in our age the term Democracy
abused. The idea of a true Democracy is capti-
vating, admirable. In contradistinction from a
despotism, a monarchy, an oligarchy, it repre-.
sents the government of the whole people, who,
by their freely chosen servants or agents, admin-
ister the Government for the common advantage
and safety; for the benefit of ally and not for the
benefit and glory of one—a king or despot; nor for
the beoefit of the privileged fcio—a nobility or aris-
tocracy. In its true and honest administration and
conception it secures an equality of civil rights;
every member, however poor and humble, of what-
ever origin or birthplace or creed, is a real sover-
eign and a possible lawgiver or magistrate; not
that each inherits equal capacities and gifts of
genius, and advantages of education, and benefits
of circumstance and fortune, but that each has
equal civil rights, and is to be controlled by equal
and just laws. Such is our idea of Democracy—
the government of the people. But how is it in
practice and in fact? Who are the controlling
men, and what are the acknowledged principles
of the Democratic party? Their chosen leaders
deride ancTridicule the idea of the equality of hu-
man rights; they scoff at the principles upon
which our independence was achieved, and upon
which our institutions rest; they stand here as the
representatives not of freemen, but of property.
They would reverse the old presumptions of the
common law in favor of liberty; strike out the
golden rule from the teachings of Christianity;
hold that Governments were instituted among men
for the oppression of the many and the enriching
of the fa w; look upon the civilization which bursts
the shackles, and the common education which dis-
pels the ignorance of the masses, as curses and
not blessings. Instead of seeking aid and sym-
pathy for honest attempts to emancipate their
slaves, they demand now guarantees of their per-
petual enslavement, and insist that it is the duty
and the sole purposk of this Government to ex-
tend and perpetuate the vilest system of human
slavery upon which the sun has ever shone. If
any man fails to assent to this, and demands suf-
ficient liberty of conscience, even for a faint and
empty and dishonest show of regard for popular
sovereignty, though he do " not carc" whether or
not it means popular liberty, and even though he
hopes that it may secure and guard the interests
of slavery, he is whipped like a spaniel into, or
kicked like a cur out of, the ranks of this modern
Democracy.
And yet this is the party whose honor is tar-
nished by the mere existpnee of the Republican
organization; which insists that they are a mere
lawless mob—rtlneves and traitors—whose con-
tinued existence is a standing menace to the South;
whose success, attained through the ballot-box,
and by a majority, and by constitutional and law-
ful methods, is to be resisted by the sword, as
in itself the consummation of treason. Because
the Republican party stands in the way of the
spread of this promised sixteen million slaves over
the Territories and through the States; because
it is likely in the future to resist the opening of
that accursed traffic which all civilizcd nations
have pronounced piracy, and which this modern
Democracy will demand—and if its principles, as
announced on this floor by its acknowledged lead-
ers, are admitted, will rightfully demand—it is an
enemy to be disarmed; and to submit to its consti-
tutional rule is subjugation and disgrace.
I speak of the slave trade as likely to be re-
opened. It is in fact this day reopened, with all
its old atrocities and horrors. It is said, taunt-
ingly, that slave ships, if littcd out at all, are fit-
ted out in northern ports, and by northern men
and capital. I am not heie to deny the assertion;
because I do honestly believe that you could re-
cruit a slave crow at any time upon the exchange
of a northern commercial city or in a northern
conservative church. But that makes no differ-
ence with the character of the traffic.
The Government at home, and its represent-
atives abroad, are shuttling and attempting, by
prating about the right of search and the free-
dom of the seas, to evade their treaty obligations
to nations honestly engaged in its suppression.
It is a. fact, as notorious as any other in history,
that to-day the American Republic is looked to
us the great market for this renewed traffic from
Africa; and it is equally notorious that*its chief
protection is the American ilag. Now, I care not
who is engaged m it, by whom it is advocated,
by whom it is supported; nor from what port its
vessels sail, northern or southern; I would see
every man, and especially every northern man,
who dares to engage in this traffic, suspended at
the yard-arm of the vessel which he dishonors;
and the protection of the American flag should
never, for one instant, shield a traffic so infamous
and piratical. And yet, 1 know this language will
be treasonable, if one more Democratic Adminis-
tration gets into power.
I now propose to show, from the history of the
country, that the Republican party isa necessity;
that no self-constituted leaders have power topro-
claim its dissolution or to surrender its principles;
that if it could be betrayed into the folly of such
surrender, or any essential abatement of its honest
and logical demands, another, stronger, more radi-
cal, more virtuous, more successful, would arise
from its ruins. I propose to show that the Re-
publican party is not, and never has been, an as-
sailant of any just right of the South: that slavery
has been always, not only justly, but generously
treated; that the people of the South have not only
changed the whole policy of the country, but then-
own sentiments and original policy, and complain
only because we will not change with them; that
the Republican party of our day has hean forced
into existence to prevent the universal prevalence
of slavery; the revival of the slave trade; to pre-
serve, or restore rather, the ancient policy of the
Government; to protect themselves in their own
States; to save even the old and cherished {safe-
guards of personal freedom—trial by jury; the
habeas corpus; freedom'of speech and of the press;
freedom of conscience and opinion, and the right of
petition; none of which can coexist with slavery.
Now, sir, I go back to the history of this Gov-
ernment, and I find that the prevailing and uni-
versal sentiment of the people of this country at
the close of the revolutionary war, and at the
adoption of the Federal Constitution, was in favor
of liberty. Domestic slavery was considered a
great moral and political e#vil—an institution ex-
isting, but at war with all their notions of human
rights and principles of Government, and to be
abolished so soon as it could be without derang-
ing too violently existing interests. Let me refer
to facts which establish this proposition, beginning
with the Declaration of Independence, which as-
serts in unmistakable terms the equality of human
rights, without distinction of birthplace, creed, or
color, and the inalienable right of every man to
liberty. I am not prepared so far to impeach the
integrity of our revolutionary fathers as to say
that this assertion of a great principle upon which
that War was fought was an infamous cheat, a
false pretense, a miserable dodge. I leave that
for those the memory of whose ancestry will not
be dishonored by the allegation. We know that
the Constitution, though framed while a class of
bondmen existed, nowhere guaranties the exist-
ance of slavery, nor does it intend any such
guarantee. Butitdoes,in terms,sanction measures
looking to its eventual extinction. Look at the
preamble. Look at its provisions authorizing the
abolition of the slave trade. Look at the guaran-
tees of that Constitution, and especially the guar-
antee of a republican government to every State.
When these guarantees are construed by a fair
and honest and responsible court, we need noth-
ing else but the Constitution itself to put an end
to the institution of slavery.
Before the adoption of the Constitution—for I
must hasten over these historical matters—the
ordinance of 1787 had excluded slavery from all
the territory then owned by us; and as there was
no express power, and no power that could bo
implied from any provision of the Constitution,
authorizing the acquisition, either by conqucst or
purchase, of any additional territory, that very
act, adopted and sanctioned by the Government
nftortlie Constitution was formed, settled the pol-
icy of this country and the right and power of
Congress to establish that policy, to wit: the en-
tire prohibition of slavery m any of the Territo-
ries of the Union.
Now, this ordinance was sanctioned and its
policy adopted by the country. It became the
fixed and settled policy of the country. So unal-
terable and well settled was it considered, that the
petition of the inhabitants of Indiana—a portion of
the Northwestern Territory, where slavery existed
to some extent at the time of the passage of the
ordinance—to permit its continuance was refused.
They would neither allow slavery to be extended
nor to be continued in the Northwestern Territory;
nor would they permit this odious doctrine of
squatter sovereignty to avail the settler in the
Territory for the continuance of slavery within its
borders.
This policy was disturbed after a while by the
acquisition of Florida and Louisiana, events not
contemplated when the Constitution was formed,
nor within its power or authority. This acquisi-
tion reopened the question of slavery extension
in the Territories, that had been settled in 1787.
I call attention to another fact: that at the adop-
tion of the Constitution all the States, save Mas-
sachusetts, were slave States. Massachusetts had
just abolished slavery by judicial construction,
as inconsistent with her bill of rights. Imme-
diately thereafter, abolition societies were formed
m all the States, South as well as North, and lead-
ing and prominentcitizensof both sections became
members. Many of them had been members of
the constitutional convention. These societies
had in view three objects: first, the suppression of
the slave trade after 1808; second, the abolition of
slavery in the States; and, third, the general ame-
lioration of the condition of the negro population.
They petitioned the First Congress to go to the ex-
treme verge of its power to effect these desirable
ends. They were very free in the utterance and
publication of sentiments, North and South, con-
