1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
men of the Garrison school and those who follow
him. I know it rather by the manner in which I |
have heard it discussed than otherwise. I will j
proceed, however, with my reply to the Senator i
from Massachusetts, unless the Senator from
Maine has another question.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Nothing further.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator from Massachusetts
says southern men were banished for attending
that Republican convention, to which the Senator
from Maine refers us. Its platform.must have
been a body of resolutions so violative of the rights
of the South as to have outraged all feelings of
propriety, all respect for constitutional govern-
ment, before the people of any southern State
would have banished a citizen of it for having at-
tended the convention. If the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts be correct in his statement, if citizens
of southern States have been banished because
they attended that convention, I take it for granted
their platform was just such a one that I would
voluntarily allow no man to rule as President who
would agree to stand upon it. I take that for
granted.
But the Senator from Massachusetts, in the
course of his remarks, goes on to ask, whether,
if Washington and Jefferson were now living,
Virginia would send them to the Halls of Con-
gress, and he says " no, the slave power has ban-
ished them and enthroned the followers of Cal-
houn." T would ask the Senator if Daniel "Web-
ster were to-day living, whether lie could occupy
a scat m this body.'' Proud as Massachusetts was
of his master intellect, proud of his great intellect-
ual achievements as the people of Massachusetts
still are, could Daniel Webster, because of one
conservative speech, which contained so little for
the South that I could never see why it was re-
published in the southern States, now occupy a
scat in the Senate from his State? The slave
power, the Senator says, has banished such men
as Washington and Jefferson, and this is a part
of the general theory that Washington and Jef-
ferson, and the framers of the Constitution of the
United States were Abolitionists ! He said yes-
terday that Hamilton was a member of an aboli-
tion society, and yet he knows that Washington
and Jefferson owned slaves to the time of their
death, and he knows that Hamilton was not an
Abolitionist in the offensive sense which belongs
to the term at this day; and that Hamilton never
had any policy to interfere with the institution
except 111 the State of which he was a citizen. He
knows, or he should know, that Hamilton was
one of a committee of three which, under the Con-
federation, when there was no law for the restora-
tion of fugitive slaves, instructed the Secretary for
Foreign Affairs to open negotiations with the
Court of Madrid to secure the return of fugitives
from Florida, "as," the committee say, " they
will be returned from the States of this Union. '
It then rested upon the comity between the States;
there was no compact, no obligation of law for it.
The men of that day, unlike the Abolitionists of
this, had no underground railroad on which they
planted their habitations. They respectcd the
obligations of maa to man, and neighbor to neigh-
bor. They returned to every man his property
upon the claim being made. And yet the Senator
says he stands upon the ground of the fathers of
the Republic—the men who formed the Constitu-
tion of the United States ! If that had been so,
when they emerged from the Articles of Con federa-
tion and formed a Union and adopted a Constitu-
tion or-compact, why was it that there they rec-
ognized slaves as property, and provided for their
rendition by Lyiy State into which they might
escape? At the time of the Declaration of Inde-
pendence, slave property was held in every State
of the Union, Massachusetts not excepted; and
I was surprised to hear the Senator refer to Mas-
sachusetts as having; moved so early against the
traffic in slaves, for according to the authority of
that well-recognized historian, Alden Bradford, in
his History of Massachusetts, volume 1, page
117: " No law was ever passed under the Provin-
cial Government interdicting this most disgraceful
traffic," to use his own words. It also is matter
of history that Massachusetts never passed a law
for the emancipation of her slaves. _ It was by
•-a decision of her court 'that emancipation was
"effected within the limits of Massachusetts. Then
a^ain, sir, the most bloody slave codc which ever
existed in any of thp colonies or States of this
Union, was that of Massachusetts. If I under-
stood the Senator aright, he denied that they had
ever reduced any person to slavery in that colony.
Mr. WILSON. I said there were very few of
the Indians.
Mr. DAVIS. There were not only Indians but
white men. There has recently been a meeting of
some of those honest men of Massachusetts, of
whom I spoke yesterday; and I find that an ad-
dress delivered at that meeting takes up this mat-
ter. They are examining the question differently
from the Senator. They have not gone to find
whatever was objectionable, or whatever might
produce excitement in the action of the South; but
the-speaker—from whose address I shall read—
airaigns Massachusetts before herself, seeking to
correct the errors which exist there by exposing
the bad conduct of the State. He says:
a As Massachusetts had taken the lead in this crusade
against the South, he ptoposed to examine a little into the
fact^ of histoiy, to see if there was any reason or pioprietv
in Massachusetts setting herself up to be so much purer
and bettei than the other States; and lcetuiing the south-
ern States loi their sins. He thought she had sins enough
of her own to answer for.
" The impiession was very common that Massachusetts
had alwajs been a free State. So tar from tins being the
case, she was a sla\« colony from the beginning,
!C And s>he not mil} held and sold black slaves, but white
slaves, too. The captives who were taken m the Enslish
civil wais were seut over and s old there as slaves. In 1639,
her eouits sentenced two white peisons to be sold as slaves
to Daibudocct, or Virginia, toi the came of siding with the
Quakerv. So much for white slavery among these old
Puritans.
" As for Indian or negro slavery, it existed in Massachu-
setts veiy eaily. The Puritans held slaves as early as 1637,
a Jew yeais alter the settlement. In 1G41, we find the fol-
lowing among the Massachusetts laws:
'There shall never be any bond slavery, villanage, nor
captivity among ii«s, unless it be lawful captives taken in
just wars, [meaning, I suppose, the wars vviih the Indians,]
and such t-trangeis as willingly sell themselves, or arc soli
unton«; and theM  shal1 have all the liberties and Chris-
tian u-ages which the law of God established in Israel re-
quites'
u Now, here wo have the astounding fact of a law of
Massachusetts recognizing--laveiy seveial years belbt e any-
thing of the sort can be tound among the laws or Virginia
Oi Maiyland.
u The South had been voiy much censured for their slave
laws. Let us see what Massachusetts had done."
The Senator, himself, talked the otherday about
the probability of the North Carolina penitentiary
being fuller, if people had been put in there who
whipped their slaves.
"In 1705, by another act, slaves wore, for certain offenses,
to be sold out of tile province. Any negro oj mulatto, wlio
should strike any of tin; English or other Christian nation,
wa.-. to be seveiely whipped."
The Senator referred to theni as having fought
for the liberty we enjoy.
" The Provincial Congress of Massachusetts prohibited
tile enlistment of slaves in til'' aunv, thus showing that
siavciy legally existed there in May, 1775.
"The reason eivrn is a eimous one; that they were
contending tor the liberties of the colonies, and the admis-
sion into the army of any others but freemen would bi; in-
consistent with the principles to be suppoited, and reflect
dishonor on the colony."
I honor those old Puritans who first settled in
Massachusetts. I honor the brave men who
fought the battles of the Revolution. I honor tho
true philosophers who disdained to taint their
blood by amalgamation with the lower races of
mankind. Whatei er dignity there is in that State
now, whatever there is of power, whatever there
is of progress—and of all these there is very
niueli—it is due to tho fact that those old Puritans
kept the Anglo-Saxon blood pure and untainted.
If they had adopted this amalgamating policy, if
they had intermarried with the baser races, Mas-
sachusetts never would have boasted of the tri-
umphs she has achieved marts and manufactures.
So much for the policy of the past compared with
the degrading policy of to-day.
The Senator seems to have a particular objpo
tion to Calhoun, and the doctrines of Calhoun.
Sir, Christ was crucified by those who could not
! understand his purity; and mortals, from that day
i to this, who have risen above the depravity of the
age m which they lived, have been the objects of
calumny. Thus let it be with Calhoun.
But I sought yesterday to know in what the
slave power, as described by the Senator, and
which, to-day, he defines as the political power of
the South, as 1 understand him, has been aggress-
ive; and lie asks me now, is it not aggression to
deny the right of petition? What is the aggres-
sion in denying the right to pray for that which
cannot be granted? The whole question which
was raised in Congress was as to the right to ex-
clude petitions asking Congress to do that which
they had not the constitutional power to perform.
A venerable member of this body who once repre-
sented Massachusetts, said on one occasion, as I
thought very aptly, that the right of petitioh lit
last was but the poor right to beg; but when a
man comes and insists, on begging from day to
day for that which we cannot give, is it not rfile
to receive his continued petitions ? If the beggar
insists on sitting at the door disturbing tije peace
of your society, interfering with your domestic
affairs, is * not right to eject that-beggar, and tell
him, " go away from here; you ask me for that
which I cannot give, and you disturb me in doing
that which it is my duty to perform." I hold thatit
was proper not to rcccive petitions which were
presented for no other purpose than to excite the
Congress and turn it aside from its legitimate
functions, for those who prayed must have known
that they were asking of Congress that which
Congress had not the power to give. That is the
first aggression, and that is disposed of.
He presents, as the next aggression, that the
slave power, as he denominates it, has made reg-
ulations in relation to the transmission of matter
through the mail. I think the aggression is in
the men of his own section seeking to send through
tho mail—apart of the machinery of the Govern-
ment—incendiary matter to disturb the peace of
their neighbors. There is the aggression; not on
the part of those who limit the use of the mails,
but those who would fill them with matter to dis-
turb the peace and destroy the domestic tranquillity
of the other States.
Next, he presents the annexation of Texas,
which, he says upon the authority of Mr. Cal-
houn, was for the extension of slavery. Tho an-
nexation of Texas had other objects. Did any body
say it was for that sole purpose? Whilst power
was passing from the South, had we not a right
to desire the extension and increase of our political
power? But does anybody pretend to say, at this
late day, that there, was no purpose in the acqui-
sition of Texas except to increase the slave power ?
Surely, no man will so stultify himself as to say
it. It is a mere incident put upon a great meas-
ure; the benefits of which were but feebly appre-
ciated at the time, and are now being realized.
But what became of the territory of Texas
after we acquired it, the whole of it being slave-
holding and therefore bound at some future day
to increase the political power of the South ? The
South, in respect for an agreement which had been
made in the Congress of 1820, extended the line
of 36° 30' across the slave territory of Texas,
cutting oil all which was above that line when it
should be divided and admitted as a State; and
here we mark the difference between even that
brief period behind us and the one in which we
stand at present. Then tho purpose was not to
confine slavery, and with a false pretense to phi-
lanthropy say it was the benefit of the negro.
Then the purpose was merely to prevent the in-
crease of the political power of the South by the
admission of new slaveholding States. Nowthcy
have added to it the fiendish object of crowding
the slaves into such small space as to deprive their
masters of the ability to lceep them comfortably
where they are, of starving out a certain race,
now the dependents under our protection, under
the false guise as doing this for the purpose of
philanthropy. The soul of any high-spirited mail
should revolt from so degrading a purpose. Far
better, far manlier would it be, if they were to seek
to exterminate them by the sword rather than in
this slow process to confine them until, steeped in
misery, they should at last be exterminated.
But the opposition to the Wilmot proviso, the
Senator denominated as a refusal to permit free
territory, which came to us free territory, to re-
main so. There is the whole question. We claim
our right under the Constitution. He says he is
ready to accord it; and yet in the very language
he uses he denies it, because when he says " free
territory," he speaks that bad English ofhis own
section which, when they say " free," means that
the negroes there are, not slaves. If it were an
earlier hour, I might say something on what a
slave is, but I shall not now do so. Instead of the
distinction of " free territory" or "free State,"
it would be better if they would adopt some other
language to express the idea, if they merely mean
to imply that negroes are not held there in the
condition of slavery. All of these States, all oi
