I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
36th Cong.... 1st Ses
Slavery Question—Mr. Sedgwick.
Ho. of Reps.
demning slavery in as strong and excited terms as
Garrison or Parker now uses. None were stronger
or more persistent in the utterance of these sen-
timents than the prominent and leading statesmen,
jurists, and divines of the South. I refer gentle-
men who entertain any doubt on that subject to
the valuable compendium prepared and published
under the sanction of many members of Con-
gress, who are now about me, from a book called
"Helper's Impending Crisis." The name of it
may not be unfamiliar to your cars. [Laughter.]
I call attention to another fact; that in 1791, Dr.
George Buchanan, a member of the American
Philosophical Society, delivered an oration at Bal-
timore, on the 4th of July, on the moral and po-
litical evils of slavery, before the Maryland soci-
ety for the abolition of slavery, and the relief of
the free negroes and others unlawfully held in
bondage. It was published at the request of the
society, and dedicated to one Thomas Jefferson,
a name not altogether unknown in history. Ap-
pended to the request for its publication are names
not unfamiliar 111 the history of the State of
Maryland:
" What' will you not consider that the Africans are men'}
That they have human souls to be saved? That they were
born iree and indcpendtMU? a violation of which preioga-
tived is uu infringement upon the law* of God.5,5
* * *" •< * * #. * ■/.
"Many instances arc recorded of persons of eminence
amongst them. Witness Ignatius Saneho, whose letteis are
admired by all men of' taste; Phillis Whcatley, who dis-
tinguished herself as a poetess; the physician of Now Oi-
lcans; the Virginia calculator, Baimeker; the Maryland
astionomer, and many others whom it would be needless
to mention. These aie sufficient to show that the Africans,
whom you despise, whom you more inhumanly treat than
brutes, and whom you unlawfully subject to slavery, with
the tyt-rannizing hand* of despots, are equally capable of
Improvements with yourselves" * * * *
" America,! start at your situation ! These direful efiects
of slaveiy demand joui most seuous attention."' *
* *■ " To the eternal iniamy ofour country, this will ho
handed down to posterity wnttcn with tiie blood of African
innocence. If >uur forefathers were dcgeneiate enough
to introduce slavery into your country, to contaminate the
minds of her citizens, you ought to haveviitue enough to
extitpate it." "• + * * "Look back upon
the curses which it ha> heaped upon your ancestors, and
unanimously combine to drive the fieud-monstor from your
territory, ft is inconsistent with the principles of your
Government, with the education of your youth, and highly
derogatoiy to the true spirit of Christianity." * *
* * "Slavery, the most implacable enemy to your
country." ********
" If it should be deemed injudicious or impoliticto effect
It [the abolition of slavery] at once, let it be done grad-
ually ; let the children be liberated at a certain age, and in
less than half a centuiy will the plague be totally rooted
out from amongst you. Then will you begin to see your
consequence. Thousands of good citizens uill he added to
your number, and your arms rvill become invincible. Grati-
tude will induce them to become your friends, for the
promise alone of freedom to a slave insures his loyalty."
* * * * "Eternal will be the disgrace of keep-
ing them much longer m the iron letters of slavery; but
inunoital the honor of accomplishing their freedom."
Much more to the same cffect might be quoted
from this earnest oration.
I call attention to another book, published in
1796—A dissertation on Slavery: with a Pro-
posal for the Gradual Abolition of it in the State
of Virginia, by St. George Tuckcr, professor of
law in the University of William and Mary, and
one of the judges of the general court in Virginia.
It was dedicated to the General Assembly of Vir-
ginia. In his address to the reader, he says:
" The author, considering tiie abolition of slavery in this
State as an object of the first impoitance, not only to our
moral character and domestic peace, but even to our polit-
ical salvation, and being persuaded that the accomplish-
ment of so momentous and desirable an undertaking will,
in a gs eat measure, depend upon the early adoption of some
plan tor that purpose, with diffidence submits totheconsid-
eiation ot his countiymen his ideas on a subject of puch
consequence."
On the 1st page of the essay, we read!
" Whilst Ameiiea hath been the land of promise to Eu-
ropeans and their descendants, it hath been the vale of
death to millions of the wretched sons of Africa." * *
* * u Whilst we wore offering up vows at the shrine
oflibsrty, and sacrificing hecatombs upon her altars ; whilst
we swoi o irreconcilable boatii ity to her enemies, and hui led
defiance in their faces; whilst we adjured the God of Hosts
to witness our resolution to live free or die, and imprecated
cuises on their heads who refused to unite with us in estab-
lishing the empire ot freedom, we were imposing upon our
fclloto-men, who differ in complexion from us, a slavery ten
thousand times more cruelthan theutmost extremityof those
grievances and oppressions of which we complained."
The bulk of his essay is devoted to a consider-
ation of " the nature of slavery, its properties,
attendants, and consequences in general; its rise,
progress, and present state."
NEW SEBIES—No. 12.
The following passages, scattered through the
book, will show you how he regarded slavery:
" Thus early had our forefathers sown the seeds of an
evil which, like a leprosy, has descended upon their pos-
terity with accumulated rancor, visiting the sins of the
fathers upon succeeding generations." * * *•
"Durum the revolutionaiy war, many of them (the col-
ored people) were enlisted as soldiers in the regular army.
Even slaves were not rejected fiom mihtaiy service at that
period ; and such as served faithfully during the period of
their enlistment, were emancipated by an act passed after
the conclusion of the war." *****
" If ever there was a cause, if ever an occasion, in which
all hearts should be united, every nerve strained, and every
power exerted, surely the restoration of human nature to
its inalienable rights is such. Whatever obstacles, there-
fore, may hitherto have retarded the attempt, he that can
appreciate the honor and happiness of his country will think
it time that we should attempt to surmount them."
That this estimation of the wickedness of slave-
holding was not peculiar to a few individuals, but
was shared with them by many in Virginia, and,
probably, also in the other slave States, is appar-
ent from the fact stated by Judge Tucker that,
I between the years 1782 and 1791, more than ton
thousand slaves were manumitted in Virginia
alone.
It appears incidentally, in different parts of this
dissertation, that the laws enforced upon the slaves
were very cruel at and before the time of Judge
Tucker—as bad as it has been said they have be-
come by the agitation caused by the doings of the
Abolitionists.
He pleads earnestly for a plan of gradual eman-
cipation, and concluues in this manner:
" If we doubt the propriety of such measures, wbtit must
we think of the situation of our country, when, instead of
three hundred thousand, we shall have more than two mil-
lion slaves among u^> r This mn&thappen within a centuiy,
it we do not set about the abolition of slaveiy. Will not
our posterity cui>c the day-! of their nativity'with all the
anguish of Job? Will they hot execrate the memoi y ot those
ancestors who, having it m their power to aveit evil, have,
like our fii&t parents, entailed a curse upon all future gen-
erations ? We know that the ngorof the laws respecting
hlaves unavoidably must increase with their numbeis. What
a blood-stained code must that ho winch i-? calculated lor
the restraint of millions held in bondage ! Such mu^t our
unhappy country exhibit within a century, unless we aie
both wno and just enough to avert from po.-teiity the calam-
ity and leproach, which aie otherwise unavoidable. I am
not vain enough to presume the plan I have suggested en-
tirely free fiom objection; nor that, in otfeung my own
ideas on the subject, I have been more fortunate than
others; but from the communication of sentiment between
those who lament the evil, it is possible that an effectual
lemedy may at length be discovered. JVhcncicr that hap-
pens, the golden age ofour country nill begin. Till then—
" (JSfon hospes ab hospite tutus,
Ifon Her us u famulis : fratrum quo que grutia rura"
Throughout the whole tenor of tlifs book you
will see that the author is laboring against the in-
justice and crime of the slave code. He repeatedly
calls attention to the cruelty of the slave laws ; for
it has been asserted, and has become part of the
modern doctrine on this subject, that cruelty in
slave codes is the offspring ftf, and intended as a
set-off to the abolition and anti-slavery excitement.
But in 1796 the cruelty of slave laws was notorious
in Virginia, and received the attention of a profes-
i sor in one of the first universities of the State. He
• also stated the fact that within ten years after the
formation of the Government there had been more
than ten thousand private manumissions in the
States of Maryland and Virginia.
Now, sir, under the influence of such senti-
ments and the labor of these abolition socioiies,
besides the private manumissions referred to by
Judge Tucker, and reaching so large a number,
other results had ensued. The African slave trade
was prohibited by the General Government at the
curliest day allowed by the Constitution. Sev- ;!
eral States had previously, of their own motion,
prohibited it. The States not being within the 1
constitutional restriction, had taken earlier ac-
tion than the General Government could take on
that subject. Again: several of the northern
j slaveholdmg States had, by the acts of their Le-
gislatures, abolished slavery. So Pennsylvania,
New York, Connecticut, all the northern slave
States, in their own time and way, had, in accord-
ance with the universal sentiment on the subject,
both North and South, abolished the institution
of slavery. I know that at that time the slave
trade was in existence; that great commercial
cities had been built up by it in the country from
which we had our origin; that at the time when
efforts were first begun in the British Parliament
for its abolition, there were fourteen thousand
slaves in the city of London; that the merchant
princes of England resisted the abolition of the
slave trade on the same grounds of vested right,
the same claim of guarantied property in man, on
which Hs abolition here is resisted by those who
are interested in it. It was opposed as bitterly,
with as much heat and fervor in the Parliament
of Great Britain, as it is resisted now here in the
Hall of Representatives in this country. But it
was finally abolished. The slave trade was given
up. "VVe acquiesced in it. All civilized nations
have acquiesced in it. The slave trade has been
declared piracy by the laws of all civilized coun-
tries.
Again: I call attention to the fact that the terri-
torial policy to which I have alluded had been
established and persisted in, and that it was be-
lieved that those measures would result in the-
emancipation, at no remote day,of all the slaves;
that the institution was undermined, and that by
the same force of public opinion' which had sup-
pressed the slave trade, slavery itself would fall.
It was believed that the people of the several
States would see that slavery was at war with all
their notions of free government, in conflict with
all truly democratic theories and principles of gov-
ernment, demoralizing and impoverishing to any
community in which it was maintained—as it un-
questionably is. In 1808 the slave trade was abol-
ished, but not yet declared piracy; and for ten
years thereafter the efforts to abolish slavery
ceased, mainly because it was esteemed unneces-
sary to continue them,and not because anybody at
that day had been convinced that it was ajustand
Christian system, and one denoting the highest
state and degree of civilization. That is a modern
discovery.
After several incidents, to which I shall not have
time to allude, including the organization of the
Territory of Orleans—when, by a Federal politi-
cian, the doctrine was first announced of seces-
sion, as a remedy for the evils upon the question
of slavery; for which he was promptly called to
oiucr by a southern man, and barely escaped the
censure of the House, by a very small vote—after
such incidental occurrences on the subject of sla-
very, the discussion arose in regard to our mari-
time rights, out of which the war of 1812 had its
origin; and the subject of slavery was, for a few
years, withdrawn from public attention. There
was little intercourse in those days between the
North and the South. ThepublicattentionNorth,
where slavery had been abolished in the States,
was not likely to be recalled, by any intercourse
which then existed, to the evils of slavery, and
so the northern people, having discharged their
own duty, were quiet upon the subject of slavery.
The intercourse between the sections was con-
fined to visits by northern men of fortune and
taste to planters at the South, whose hospitality
they enjoyed, and were ready to return. But ia
18 L9, this question of slavery, as a political ques-
tion, was again brought to the public attention
by the claim of Missouri for admission into the
Union as a slave State. It was an attempt to sub-
vert the restrictive policy established by the ordi-
nance of 1787; ana although Missouri was not
within the terms and letter of the ordinance, be-
ing subsequcntly-acquired territory, yet it was
within the spirit of that policy, and would, if it
had been owned by the United States at the time,
have been included in it. It was found, upon a
reexamination of the question of slavery, that,
during this interval of peace in the North, sla-
very had been employed in extendingits bounda-
ries and deepening its foundations; and two events
had contributed essentially to make this effort suc-
cessful. I refer to the invention of the cotton-
gin, in 1793, by Whitney, and its introduction
into the South as a labor-saving machine; and to
the acquisition of fine cotton-growing regions in
Florida and Louisiana and Georgia, in purchases
from France and Spain, and the Creek and Sem-
inole Indians.
Now, this Missouri controversy was thrust
upon the country in 1819. I am not going to en-
large upon it. Its result was the admission of
Maine and Missouri under one law, and the com-
promise known as the " Missouri compromise,"
brought about chiefly by the eloquence and the
strenuous exertions of Henry Clay, then in the
prime of life and in the full vigor of his unequaled
powers. In the language of one then and now a
