600
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
the territory covered by our glorious flag and its
institutions, are free. We have a subject race
among us; our fathers had it; and in the forma-
tion of the ti-overnment they recognized that race
as subject, and recognized the master as holding
property in it. In the very first acts of the Con-
federation, the distinction was made between the
free menand those who werenotfree. In the treaty
which was made, securing the acknowledgment
of our independence, three northern men being the
commissioners who formed that treaty, (Adams
and Franklin and Jay,) negroes were treated as
property, and Great Britain was prohibited from
taking away negroes or other property, as she
withdrew her troops from the territory recognized
to be the United States.
The Senator's reading stopped short at the
point where lie got out of the mists and fogs by
which he is obscured, and sat beneath the clear
light of the earlier days of the Republic. If he
will go back to the time when men thought and
spoke as they have not since, he will find such
petty prejudices as that to which ho appeals, held
by them to be beneath consideration. They pro-
tected the right of the inhabitants in all their prop-
erty, and specified negroes among it. The people
of Massachusetts at that day, too, conscious of
their manhood, their independence, and their no-
bility, could not agree to march shoulder to shoul-
der with their slaves as soldiers of the army.
That negroes took their part, that negroes oc-
casionally fought in the ranks, is unquestionably-
true, not only there, but everywhere. Even nt a
later date, in the war of 1812, the same fact ex-
isted. It is the servile race clinging to the master
race, the dependent following Ins patron, sharing
his danger wherever he may go. That is the con-
dition which it has maintained.
The Senator announces to us that there are those
who hold the fugitive slave law to be unconstitu-
tional, and who expect some day to repeal some
of the provisions of it. I have never yet been
quite able to comprehend the opinions of those
who argue first, that the whole subject belongs to
the Federal Government, and then that the States
have a right to obstruct the laws enacted by the
Federal Government to secure a constitutional
right; nor have I ever been quite able to compre-
hend the position of those who contend that the
Federal Government had no power to legislate;
and yet, 111 the face of the constitutional injunc-
tion, refuse to legislate themselves. It is fraud;
it is not fair dealing. If the States have no power
to legislate; then, when the Federal Government
provides laws which are deemed sufficient to
render effective this constitutional provision, the
States are bound to pass no laws which will inter-
fere with their execution; they are bound by every
principle of good faith, as far as they can, to aid
in the ready execution of the laws of the United
States on that subject; for the Constitution did
not stop at providing that a State should not eman-
cipate a slave who should llec into its limits, but
it went on and imposed an obligation on thr State
by saying that he should be surrendered on the
claim of his master. The Senator did not explain
what his constitutional difficulty was; but I sup-
pose it comes within some of the categories which
I have presented.
He answers,however, the position which I took
in relation to the Missouri compromise. He says
it was a bargain for that particular ease. If the
Senator wilf examine the debates of that, period,
he will find a distinct reference to the extension
of that line to the Pacific, included in the argu-
ment of one who favored the adoption of the line
of 36° 30'. Ho should remember, too, that that
line, of 360 30' was adopted os a concession to
northern interests, and against the South; that it
was adopted m violation of certain rights which
were secured to the South by the treaty of 1803;
and that the North, being the sole beneficiary,
should have been the last to refuse any fair exten-
sion of the line. Not only is this true, but it is
also to be remembered that they obtained the di-
vision of Texas by this same geographical line of
36° 30' being extended through that State when
it was acquired. They halted, for the first time,
when we readied the territory acquired from
Mexico.
Mr. SIMMONS. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. SIMMONS. Does the Senator read the
history of that transaction to be that the North
claimed that lineof'3fi° 30' ?
Mr. DAVIS. Oh, no; they opposed annexa-
tion.
Mr. SIMMONS. I happened to be here at that
time.
Mr. DAVIS. My position was, that the line
of 36° 30' was a concession to the North.
Mr. SIMMONS. I understood the Senator to
say that the North claimed the extension of the
line of 36° 30° in the resolutions that annexed
Texas.
Mr. DAVIS. My recollection of the history
of that is, that the division of Texas by the line
of 36° 30' was a concession to the North, they
opposing the annexation of Texas entirely, but
at the same time claiming the extension of the
line of 36° 30' through the territory, if it was
annexed.
Mr. SIMMONS. That is what I understood
the Senator to say before. Now, I think he is
entirely mistaken as to the fact. I happened to
bo in Congress at that time, and I recollect very
well the discussion,and I never heard a northern
man claim that division.
Mr. DAVIS. Then, did the North desire that
all of Texas should remain slaveholdmg, and that
all of it when carved into States should come in
as slaveholdmg States ?
Mr. SIMMONS. I never heard the North say
anything about having it carved into slaveholdmg
States, and I know very well that I voted against
that very provision, because southern Senators
said that unless it was put in, they would vote
against the whole measure, and I voted against
the whole measure. I never knew a northern man
who was in favor of running that line yet.
Mr. DAVIS. Then it was a parliamentary
ruse to which the Senator resorted; and now I
ask, did he not prefer, if Texas was to be annexed,
that the country north of 36° 30' should be ex-
cepted from the general condition of the whole
country -
Mr. SIMMONS. I merely wanted to correct
the fact, and I will answer the gentleman with
great frankness.
Mr. DAVIS. I want to get at the fact.
Mr. SIMMONS. When 1 hear a Senator allud-
ing to historical (acts, if I think what he says
gives rise to wrong impressions, I desire to correct
it, in order that the real state of the case may go
forth at the time; but I have no purpose of inter-
rupting the Senator at all.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not consider it an interrup-
tion. 1 am very glad to hear the Senator from
Rhode Island in anything he wishes to say.
Mr. SIMMONS. The entire debate on the an-
nexation of Texas was made by those who pro-
fessed to be acquainted with the boundaries of
Texas; but that arm of land that ran up north of
36° 30', it, was contended, by the then Senator
from Missouri, Mr. Benton, who was familiar
Willi it, did not belong to Texas, and I suppose
it does not belong to Texas now according to the
line established in 1850. I know the fact, that a
Senator from Tennessee made it a condition that
unless that line was put throughTexas, hewould
vote against the whole measure. I recollect dis-
tinctly that I tried to induce Senators to vote
against the extension of the line, in order to defeat
the annexation of Texas by joint resolution. 1
always considered it an unconstitutional mode of
annexing territory, and consider it so now. That
was the objection among Senators to its intro-
duction in that way. There never was territory
enough north of 36° 30', in my opinion, that over
did belong to Texas, to make a county.
Mr. DAVIS. That may be the Senator's
opinion.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the honorable Senator
from Mississippi will give way, I will make a
motion to adjourn; it is five o'clock.
Mr. DAVIS. I have no disposition to detain
the Senate to hear me, but I would rather have
such things through with.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The honorable Senator
can have the floor in the morning.
Mr. WIGFALL. If the Senator from Missis-
sippi proposes to give, way, in order to continue
his speech at another time, I desire, before the
Senate adjourns, to read an extract from a speech
of General Houston, delivered in 1850 on the floor
of the Senate, in which he defended the title of
Texas to that entno territory east of the Rio
Grande, and up to the forty-second degree of north
latitude.
Mr. DAVIS. Before the Senator from Texas
proceeds, I merely wish to make myself under-
stood. The Senator from Rhode Island, I sup-
pose, has no controversy with me on the question
whether the North wanted to annex Texas or not.
I have none with him, certainly. 1 suppose we
can have none on another point—that they wanted
to get as much of the territory as they could. The
Senator is' geographically mistaken about the
" pan-handle," as it was called familiarly. There
was a great deal of territory north of 36° 30' be-
sides that; and I always considered it myself a
very great outrage to have attempted to make such
a provision as was attached to the resolutions of
annexation in relation to what shall be the condi-
tion of a sovereign State to be admitted at some fu-
ture day; for whatever provision wo should make,
falls instantly powerless, worthless, beneath the
tread of a sovereign State. I had no purpose in
giving way, however, to resume my remarks at a
future period, because that would be discourteous
to the Senator from Tenrjessee, [Mr. Nicholson,]
who has already manifested his desire to take the
floor on this subject, and who will no doubt wish
to go on on Monday. I do not know that it is very
important for me to continue.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the Senator considers
that he has yielded the floor to me for a motion
to adjourn, and desires to continue his remarks,
I will withdraw the motion.
Mr. DAVIS. I should not feel willing to have
•on adjournment made with any expectation that
I was to go on, because the Senator from Ten-
nessee is entitled to the floor for Monday, by the
courtesy which is known among us. I believe f
promised to get through as fast as I could, and if
I am not thrown aside by some new discussions
with some of my friends, 1 shall get through before
a great while. The Missouri compromise is art
old subject and a wide one. The Senator from
Rhode Island and myself may possibly have oc-
casion, when the Senate are more disposed to
listen, to take that up again.
The Senator from Massachusetts, however,
arraigns the Democracy very violently. He says
they "are responsible for fillibustenng. Now, as
one of the Democracy, I am not, and I think I
can find a great many more who are not. I do
not know how they have incurred any responsi-
bility for any violation of the law anywhere. If
the Senator njcarit that merely as a defense against
the attack that his party was responsible for the
lowest and vilest form of filhbnsterism—these in-
cendiary movements in the United States against
a portion of the people of the United States—if
he means it as that defense, then his party stands
undefended still against that charge which has
been made npon it", and the Democracy proudly
point to the fact that all that has been done to
suppress filibustering, has been done by Demo-
cratic officers and Democratic authorities, save
and except that melancholy occasion when a Pres-
ident assumed a power he did not posses—to de-
clare men pirates who had committed a misde-
meanor, and turned tlusm over to the tender mer-
cies of the Spaniards, to be butchered without the
forms of trial
But he has challenged, in the course of his re-
marks—and I suppose it belongs to me as well as
the rest of us over here—to know m what the
North has aggressed. It seems really laughable
when here they have been for thirty years con-
stantly engaged m agitating questions which are
of a purely domestic character, and with which
they have no more to do than they have with the
condition of the inhabitants of the interior of Asia;
when they send to the Congress of the United
Statesmen clected upon a question which derives
its whole power from the hostility which is felt to
the people of the South, and to a particular species
of property held by them. Is this long career of
agitation and of base calumny from the pulpit,
from the press, and from both Houses of Con-
gress, at last culminating in a bloody raid, is this
nothing? Are not these aggressions? And when
you proclaim avowedly resistance to a provision
of the Constitution, which, ashonorable men, you
ought to have executed without law, and whicl
you fail to execute under a law, denying to us
right of property, which, by the comity of nations"L
we ought to receive, even if we were not bound
together by a compact, is this nothing? And is
