2564
•THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2,
the Committee on Military Affairs to appropriate
$100,000 to commence the construction of a work
at Point Roberts. In support of that we have
read a letter from the head of the engineer depart-
ment, in which he states that certain fortifications
will be needful there at some time and in certain
contingencies. This is only one of them; and
now we have it from the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs that no estimate what-
ever has been made with regard to this particular
fortification, or any of the whole class which he
recommends as a class in that place.
Now, sir, permit me to say, with all respect,
that this is not the mode in which Congress is
usually called, and the amount of information
usually afforded, when we are called upon to vote
money. We do not know but that these fortifica-
tions at Point Roberts will cost a million dollars
or more. We do not know but the other fortifi-
cation, which if not a twin is recommended in
the same breath, is to cost another million dol-
lars. On this insufficient information, with no
estimate, the chairman of the committee beingun-
able to give us any, stating that none has been
made; that nothing is made with regard to it, and
no sufficient data are furnished by which we can
estimate; without knowing what kind of fortifi-
cation is to be made, and having no opportunity
to pass our judgment upon any one thing with
reference to this subject, except that letter, we are
called upon to vote" this amount of money. That
is not the usual mode in which Congress is ap-
pealed to to appropriate money for the erection of
fortifications anywhere,underany circumstances.
If I have read aright, the mode usually is to ap-
point a commission to make an examination m
regard to the system of fortifications necessary,
and then what kind of fortifications are to be built;
to have an estimate of what they are to cost, and
then to see whether, in the existing state of things,
and the existingstate of the Treasury, it is worth
while for the country to begin at the time when
the appropriation is called for. That I under-
stand to be the mode usually adopted.
1 can comprehend that there may be a very
decent reason for deferring this matter unless it
is pressing. In the first place, there is no popu-
lation there at the present time. There are no
facilities for getting the material and the work
necessary. It is a new country. It is a very dis-
tant country. It is far away from all the usual
appliances that are needful in order to erect these
fortifications economically and with propriety in
the best manner. Now, then,makingan ordinary
calculation, it will probably cost double, or per-
haps more than that, to erect these fortifications
at the present time, to begin immediately, that it
would some years hence, when population is set-
tled in that neighborhood, and when the material
and labor can be found with facility.
Then comes the question of expediency. Is it
advisable at the present time ? Is there any such
pressing necessity calling upon us, with reference
either to a foreign Power or to the Indians, to ap-
propriate this money and to begin this work now ?
I recognize the truth of the sayii^ that in time
of peace we should prepare for war. I have heard
it before. I have no doubt of the truth of the
axiom. It is so unquestionably; but I take it, it
does not follow as a corollary from that, that in
time of peace we are to do nothing elso but pre-
pare for war, and prepare for it whether war is
imminent, and under whatever disadvantages we
may have to begin with. That is not the system.
It is carrying it a little too far.
Now, the question I put to the Senator was not
with any disposition to indulge in a display of
wit, for I have no pretense to wit, I have neither
wit nor humor. I claim to be no more than a
plain, blnut man, speaking my mind upon these
subjects, so far as 1 understand them, which cer-
tainly, on subjects like these, is to a very reasona-
ble extent, it did seem to me to be a little queer,
and the Senator will pardon my ignorance, that
we were to have a war steamer to protect the
country there against the Indians, and then we
were to have a fortified anchorage to protect the
steamer against the Indians, I could not put those
two things together; but theSenator is now obliged
to say, as I understand him, that the fortification
is really intended with reference to difficulties we
may have with foreign Powers, while the steamers
are necessary with reference to the difficulties we
may "have with those nearer us at home.
Well, sir, all this may be necessary and expe-
dient. It may be necessary at the present time.
If so, as I said before, I am perfectly willing to
vote it. I never withhold my vote from consid-
erations of mere money, if it is necessary to ex-
pend that money at the period; but as one called
upon by the position in which the Senate placed
me, to look occasionally into the subject of our
means, I thought it became me to inquire a little
in the first place, howfar it was necessary to draw
upon those means at the present time, to begin
what must certainly be a very expensive system
when carried out, and more particularly expens-
ive the sooner we begin it, because if begun under
such circumstances and such difficulties, in the
unsettled state of the country there, it is mani-
festly to cost a vastly larger sum than it will at
a future time, when there are greater facilities,
both for material and labor. This is all of my
question, sir, and that is the notion I have about
it.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator treats this as though
there had been no examination, no suggestion of
any amount; as if the Committee on Military
Affairs had suddenly jumped upon the amountof
$100,000, and presented it to the Senate in the
form of an amendment. Now, I believe theSen-
ator is a member of the Committee on Finance,
and as such has seen a letter from the Secretary of
War, recommending an appropriation of$100,000,
the sum presented here by the committee in this
amendment. He must have seen, from that letter
of the Secretary of War, that the sum of $100,000
was required. It is impossible, before a location
is made of a work, before the ground has been
examined, before levels are taken of all the com-
manding heights, to determine either the exact
plan of the work or its cost. It is impossible,
before you have examined the channel, before you
have determined how the face of the work shall
front, to determine what shall be the size of the
work, how many guns it shall mount, in how
many tiers the guns shall be; and therefore, it is
utterly impossible, in the first instance, to tell
what will be the amount it will finally cost. The
first expenditure, however, it is well known may
be made, and will fall within the sum as in this
instance stated. The Secretary of War says:
" Fully concurring with the views of the chief encnieer,
I beg leave to recommend that an appropiiation ot ^100,UU0
he made lor a fortification at J'omr Itobcit-", on the gulf of
Georgia; and f will Miggnst that that amount bij ins^rt^d
in the appropiiation bill now pending before your commit-
tee."
He then goes on to apologize for not having
submitted it in his annual estimates, on account of
the report of the chief engineer having been re-
ceived at too late a day. Now, sir, these steam-
ers are not vessels of war. They are steamers
carrying one, two, and perhaps three guns, and
they are kept for speed. These canoes—the Sen-
ator from Oregon can tell much more about them
than I can—have such speed that it requires a war
steamer—that is, a side-wheel steamer of great
speed—to overtake them; that they cannot rely
upon anything else to control these Indians in
their large canoes, which they use in that sound.
It is a subject, however, of importance to that
frontier, in its locality? in its connection with the
immediate defense of the frontier, in its ultimate
object as to the protection of a great harbor and
anchorage to be protected against foreign fleets—
harbors out of which a commerce comes very
much like the State the Senator represents, and
increasing annually, and now T understand, of the
Pacific, second only to San Francisco; all these
constituting considerations why the fortifications
§hould be commenced connected with the imme-
diate defense of that frontier from these large bands
of hostile Indians. The Senator from Oregon,
however, is betterable to explain the subject than
I am.
Mr. LANE. It is not surprising, Mr, Pres-
dent, indeed, I am gratified to find theSenator
| from Maine inquiring, very properly, into the ne-
cessity of this work, and the probable expense
of it, I am sure I can say, with him, I will not
give my consent to any appropriation of money
that I do not believe to be absolutely necessary.
Rut if you cast your eye upon the map, you will
se.e that Point Roberts is a very important point.
It command# the waters to the entrance of Fra-
ser's river, a &QurUry which a large portion of our
people now freqi;ent# on account of the gold in
that region of country ? ai)d in which Indians re-
side who are very warlike indeed. They are more
formidable than any Indians on our coast. They
are convenient to the British possessions, conve-
nient to Vancouver's Island, and so far have man-
aged to keep themselves well supplied with arms,
with muskets, with cartridges, with everything
necessary to prosecute a war promptly.
The size and speed of their canoes are wonder-
ful. I do not know whether Senators are ac-
quainted with the character of the canoes that
those people build. They are capable of setting
out upon a war expedition in their canoes, ana
making speed at the rate of six, or eight, or ten
knots an hour. It requires a steamer of fair speed
to run down one of those canoes or to overtake
them. From this very locality, they can make
an outfit, and in one night reach the settlements
on the coast to the south of them, commit depre-
dations, murder the settlers, and then be off in
their canoes, and make their escape. Then, for
the protection of the settlements, for the safety of
our people, and to afford a safe anchorage for
steamers and other vessels necessary for the sup-
pression or preventing of such expeditions, such
a work as is contemplated in this amendment is
necessary.
It is an important location in another point of
view. It is convenient, as I remarked before, to
the British possessions; and, indeed, it is a point
of land—separated by an air line, or by the forty-
ninth parallel, leaving us a few thousand acres of
ground there—that completely commands thegulf,
1 can take no view of the question that does not
present that point as of immense importance, and
the fortification as necessary. So 1 regarded it
when the question was examined in committee,
I believe all the members of the committee re-
garded it as important; and this is so manifest to
those who have examined itrthat 1 hope there will
be no question about the adoption of this amend-
ment. I think it will be the means of saving very
large expense that would grow out of the Indian
wars, afford protection to our people, and save the
lives of very many, I trust, therefore, from the
necessity of the matter, that this amendment may
be adopted.
Mr. CLINGMAN. With every disposition to
defend that coast, I cannot bring my mind, upon
examining the map, to come to the conclusion
that this expenditure is judicious now. It is- cer-
tainly a very good point to harass the commerce
of Great Britain, and to interrupt it with the gulf
of Georgia; but in any other point of view, I do
not think it very important. If there were an
expedition to come out of the gulf to attack our
possessions, this would be undoubtedly a very
good point to fortify; but nobody supposes that
Great Britain has any force in the gulf of Geor-
gia, or on Frascr's river, that is likely to invade
us. If we are to be invaded it will most probably
be from the sea; and there are points below this,
I have no doubt, which it is vastly more import-
ant to fortify. I think the money we propose to
spend on this coast had probably better be directed
to other points. Taking that view of it, without
any purpose to detain the Senate, I shall simply
say that I cannot vote for the amendment. I
know very little about these matters, but I can-
not see that it is intended so much to protect us
as to menace Great Britain. If we ever get to
war with her, I apprehend she will strike at more
vital points, and such possessions as these will be
the prizes that will fall to the victors in the end.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment reported from the Commit-
tee oil Military Affairs.
The amendment was not agreed to; there being,
on a division—ayes fourteen, noes not counted.
Mr. DAVIS. I have another amendmentfrom
the Committee on Military Affairs* to insert at
the end of the bill:
For reconstructing the stables at Carlisle barracks,
$8,050.
I will merely state that the stables there were
destroyed by fire. The Gluartermaster General
makes a report and estimate, in which he pro-
poses to use as much of the old material as re-
mains, and that this additional sum will be neces-
sary to reconstruct the stables for the cavalry
depot, or place of instruction of cavalry recruits,
which is at Carlisle, Pennsylvania.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman, as the buildings are now burnt, and it is
now necessary to rebuild them, whether the posi-
