1620
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 26, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Chandler, Clark,
Doolittle, Douglas, Durkefi, Fessenden, Fitch, Foot, Fos-
ter, Grimes, Hale, Harlan, Johnson of Tennessee, King,
Nicholson, Pugh, Rice, Seward, Simmons, Sumner, Ten
Eyck, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—26.
NAYS— Messrs. Benjamin, Bragg, Brown, Chesnut,
Clay, Clingman, Crittenden, Davis, Fitzpatrick, Hammond,
Hunter, Iverson, Johnson of Arkansas, Kennedy, Lane,
Mason, Polk, Powell, Sebastian, Slidell, Thomson, and
Wigfall—$2.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the con-
sideration of the bill (H. R. No. 280) to secure
homesteads to actual settlers on the public do-
main.
Mr. THOMSON. 1 move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, Jl-pril 9, 18G0.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The J ournal of Saturday was read and appro ved.
ALEXANDER THOMPSON.
Mr. PETTIT. On Friday last, House billNo.
567, for the relief of Alexander Thompson, late
consul to Maranham, Brazil, was ordered to be
referred to the Committee on Commerce. It ap-
pears, by the Journal, that it was erroneously re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. I
ask that the correction be made.
It was so ordered. ,
BILLS ON LEAVE.
The SPEAKER. Under the rule, the Chair
will now proceed to call the States and Territo-
ries for the introduction of bills on leave, com-
mencing with the Territory of Nebraska.
"WAGON ROADS IN OREGON.
Mr. STOUT introduced a bill making a grant
of lands, in alternate sections, to the State of Or-
egon, to aid in the construction of certain wagon
roads therein; which was road a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
SIMON GONOR'S IIEIRS.
Mr. BOULIGNY introduced a bill confirming
the claim of the heirs, legal representatives, and
assigns of Simon Gonor to a tract of land; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Private Land Claims.
J. F. POIRKT'S HEIRS.
Mr. BOULIGNY also introduced a bill con-
firming the claim of the heirs, legal representa-
tives, and assigns of Jean Florentine Poiret, (F.
P. C.,) to a tract of land; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Private Land Claims.
COMPENSATION OF MEMBERS OF CONGRESS.
Mr. LEACH, of North Carolina, introduced a
bill to repeal an act entitled " An act to regulate
the compensation of members of Congress," ap-
proved August 16, 1856; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Mileage.
CHARLES ItADCLIFF.
Mr. WELLS introduced a bill for the relief of
Charles Radchff; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee of Claims.
PASSENGERS AND FREIGHT.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE introduced a bill for
excludingall Government vessels, foreign or other-
wise, from carrying passengers or freight, and for
other purposes; which was read a first and second
time,and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
BREAKWATERS AT BUFFALO AND OSWEGO.
Mr. SPAULDING introduced a bill to author-
ize the payment to the State of New York of ex-
penses of the construction of the breakwaters at
Buffalo and Oswego; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
X^ommerce.
DAKOTAH LAND DISTRICT.
Mr. THAYER introduced a bill to constitute
the Dakotah land district, and to provide for the
admission to the House of Representatives of a
Delegate therefrom; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. GROW. I move to reconsider the vote
by which that hill was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands. It should go to the Committee
on Territories. If I understand it, it proposes
to organize a Territory.
Mr. THAYER. It does not propose to organ-
ize a Territory. It is to provide for the sale of
the public lands.
Mr. GROW. Very well. Then I will withdraw
my motion.
The SPEAKER. By express rule, the motion
to reconsider would not be in order.
MICHAEL L. BAILEY.
Mr. MORRILL introduced a bill granting a
pension to Michael L. Bailey; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions.
PENSION BILL.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, introduced a bill
giving half-nay pensions to the widowsof officers,
seamen, anu marines, who have died or may die
in consequence of wounds or injuries received
while in the public service; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
The SPEAKER having concluded the call for
bills on leave, proceeded to call the States and
Territories for resolutions, beginning with the
Territory of Kansas.
SURVEYOR GENERAL OF WASHINGTON.
Mr. STEVENS,of Washington, submitted the
following resolution; which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be in-
structed to inquitc into thecxpedioncy of restoring the sal-
ary of the survejor general of Washington 'iViritory, re-
duced by the act of 3d March, 1853, said restoration to take
eftect fiom the 1st July, 1855 ; and to report by bill or other-
wise.
BOUNDARIES OF CALIFORNIA.
Mr. SCOTT, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to authorize the President of the Uni-
ted States, in conjunction with the State of Califor-
nia, to run and mark the boundary lines between
the territories of the United States and the State
of California; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on Terri-
tories.
ARTHUR EDWARDS AND ASSOCIATES.
Mr. LEACH, of Michigan, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution; upon which he demanded the
previous question:
Resolved, That the Committee of the Whole on the Pii-
vat<> Calendar be discliaiged trom the further consideration
of Senate bill No. 29, being a bill for the lelief of Arthur
Edwards and associates, and that the sanie be considered
in the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to know whether it'
will not take two thirds to discharge the Commit-
tee of the Whole House from the consideration
of that bill ?
The SPEAKER. It will take a two-thirds vote
to pass the resolution, as the Chair understands.
Mr. HOUSTON. I should like to have the
bin and report read.
The bill was read. It directs the Postmaster
General to audit and settle the account of Arthur
Edwards and his associates, for transporting the
United States through mail, in their steamers,
during the years 1849 and 1853, and intervening
yeais, from Cleveland, m Ohio, to Detroit, in
Michigan, and from Detroit to Cleveland; from
Sandusky, in Ohio, to Detroit, in Michigan, and
from Detroit to Sandusky; and from Toledo, m
Ohio, to Detroit, in Michigan, and from Detroit
to Toledo; and to allow and pay them not less than
twenty-eight dollars and sixty cents for each and
every passage of said steamers between said
places, during the aforementioned time, when the
mails were on board.
It appears from the report, which was read, that
the claimants were the managing owners of the
steamboats Arrow, Baltimore, Southerner, John
Owen, and Bay City, between the years 1849 and
1853, inclusive; that during that time their boats
were employed by the persons having charge of
the United States mails to transport the same to
and from the following ports on Lake Erie: on
steamer Arrow, daily, (Sundays excepted,) both
ways, between Sandusky City and Detroit, from
the 1st of March to the 1st of December, 1849;
also from the 1st of March to the 1st of December,
1850; also from the 1st of March to the 1st of
December, 1851; also from the 1st of March to
the 1st of December, 1852; and on steamer Bay
State, from the 1st of March to the 1st of Decem-
ber, 1853. On steamer John Owen, between
Toledo and Detroit, daily, from the 31st of March
to the 30th of December, 1851; and on steamer
Arrow, from the 30th of March to the 31st of
December, 1853. On steamer Southerner, between
Detroit, Michigan, and Cleveland, Ohio, daily,
from the 7th of March to the 21st of November,
1850; also from the 19th of March to the 21st of
November, 1851; and on steamer Baltimore, from
the 12th of April to the 21st of November, 1852.
They transported both the through and local
mails during the above-mentioned periods, but
have been paid for transporting the local mails
only, at the rates allowed under the order of the
Postmaster General of 21st March, 1849, instruct-
ing the postmasters at different points to "make
up and forward mails daily between their re-
spective offices in boats making the greatest ex-
pedition, at one cent each for letters, and half a
cent each for newspapers, to be paid at the office
to which the letters or newspapers arc delivered;"
notwithstanding the through mails were trans-
ported at the request of the Department officials,
with the understanding that the claimants should
be compensated therefor. That they applied to
thu Postmaster General for compensation for said
service, but he has refused to make such compen-
sation, although, as the claimants are informed
and believe, it has actually been done in several
other like cases. That, whatever may have been
the usage, the claimants received and carried said
through mail at the request of the postmasters
and special agents of the Department, and have
faithfully transported the same during- the time
above specified, and the Government, tiaving de-
rived the benefits and advantages of such trans-
portation, are bound to pay a reasonable and fair
compensation therefor. The alleged service was
performed, as claimed, with the sanction of the
Post Office Department and under the express
orders of its officials. The proof thereof is abund-
ant and conclusive.
It is also clcarand indisputable that the claim-
ants have received no compensation for transport-
ing said local and through mail beyond what was
allowed for carrying the local mail alone, and the
ground assumed by the Department is, that the
amount allowed for the local mail was understood
to be in full for the whole service. No evidence
appears to sustain this assumption of the De-
partment. On the contrary, the testimony of the
postmasters and special agents upon that point
shows that the captains of the claimants' boats
uniformly demanded pay for transporting the
through mail, as a separate servicc from the local ,
mail, and of which demands the Department was
advised at the time.
The Court of Claims declined to report a bill
for the benefit of the claimants, because the ex-
press contract testified to by A. C. Harris, the
special agent of the Department above referred to,
made by him with the claimants, and authorized,
as he swears, by the Post Office Department, does
not appear l>y the testimony to have been ex-
pressly authorized by the Postmaster General
himself. But the committee are of opinion that
when an agent of the Post Office Department tes-
tifies that a contract made by him, within the fair
scopc of his agency, was sanctioned by the Post
! Office Department, it may fairly be inferred, in the
j| absence of any testimony to the contrary, that it
|| was authorized by the Postmaster General him-
" self, the head of that Department. That the service
was performed the court had no doubt, but for
any compensation beyond what the claimants re-
ceived for the local mails " they must depend upon
the discretion of Congress." The equitable right
of the claimants to compensation for their services
was, therefore, not denied, and the decision of the
Court of Claims should not, m the opinion of the
committee, prejudice the appeal to Congress for a
just remuneration. That the service which the
claimants performed under the assurance and ex-
pectation of remuneration was beneficial to the
Department and useful to the public, and such as
