I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
179
36th Cong. .. .-1st Sbss.
Slavery Question—Mr. Sedgicicle.
Ho. of "Reps,
able advocate upon this floor admitted, in debate
the other day, that there was not even the form
of law in any of the slave States upon^which it
could repose. It is wholly without support, ex-
cept upon the tyrannous doctrine of superior force.
By and by some Annus or Spartacus will rise up
in their midst and contest with the masters this
question of superior force.
Now, sir, this controversy arose between the
colonizationists and the emancipationists. So
long; as emancipation was sought by colonization,
discussion was lawful and proper—the church
doors llew open, and the public peace was not
endangered; but when it was sought to be proved
that colonization meant furtherguarantecs for eter-
nal bondage, and was the deadliest foe to eman-
cipation—the end pretended to be sought—and
that immediate freedom was the right of thcslavc,
discussion becamealkitonce criminal; the Church
stood aghast, and feared it as the Devil does holy
water. Commerce, sir, was shocked, and went
down upon its knees to this throned monarch,
cotton. The attempt everywhere, North and
South, was to suppress the discussion of the ques-
tion by violence and unlawful measures. In the
North, freedom of speech and of the press was
put down by mobs. Garrison was assailed, and
dragged about the streets of Boston with a halter
about his nock. In Utica, New York, a conven-
tion was driven out of the city by a mob, headed
by judges, and lawyers, and merchants, and the
first citizens. In Alton, Lovejoy's press was de-
stroyed, and he was cruelly murdered. Violent
denunciatory meetings were held in Boston, New
York, Philadelphia, and 111 all of our commercial
cities. The Governor of Massachusetts, Air.
Everett, recommended proceedings by indictment j
against Abolitionists at common law, as disturb- '
ers of the public peace. Governor Marcv, of my
own State, recommended a special statute to meet
the ease. William Sullivan, a noted lawyer of
Boston,published a tract m Massachusetts recom- i
mendingthesame enactment there. Dr. Beecher— |
a name which may have been heard by my friends j
upon the other side—and his associates, m Lane 1
Seminary. Ohio, peremptorily forbade discussion ;
there, and eighty young men were driven from that [
institution to spread free sentiments in the Noith. i
In the South, the same violence was exhibited, jj
The Georgia Legislature offered a reward of !j
$5,000 for the arrest and delivery of Garrison for !j
trial in that State. In New Orleans, $20,000 was !!
offered for Tappan. Birney was expelled by vio- '!
lence from Kentucky, and his presses were de- n
stroyed in Cincinnati. The mails were\iolated by
the seizure and destruction of incendiary docu- '
merits. We have seen recently the extraordinary
spectacle of a Postmaster General officially ad- j:
vising his deputies in reference to the construction 1
of a State law for robbing the mails—that they should
not do it by wholesale, but they should call a jury <\
of the neighbors, if they could read, and try, or M
rather should themselves pass upon, each nidi- ■:
vidual paper by itself. In a word, the same sys- j
tem of violence and terror was then established !,
North and South which is now attempted to be 1
revived at the South. It will have the some effect \
upon the North, which they mean to teuifyby
threats, and upon the non-.slavcho!ding whiles of <!
the South, whom they mean to keep down by ig-
^noronce. Southern presses and statesmen talk of
" non-intercourse and southern direct trade. They jj
forget that several elements are nccessary for j|
prosperous commercial cities: among which ore
healthy locations, established courses of trade, ;
following which nn accumulation of capital with !,
banks and insurance offices, and expensn e struc- j
turcs in docks and warehouses; that safety is in- U
dispensable, of life, hbeity, and property, and
freedom of opinion; and that merchants are not j;
apt to congregate where without trial an irrc- ;j
sponsible mob may confiscate their property, drive < j
them without notice from their homes and husi- j:
ness, and even take their lives for non-conformity :[
to the established faith on the subject of slavery, i
They forget that trade cannot prosper where the
mercantile traveler cannot exhibit his samples un- "■
less he goes under a passport, and his soundness i!
in the faith is mdoised by members of Congress.
The despotism which utterly excludes any free-
dom of opinion or spcech; the dishonesty which
violates without compunction contracts with i>
teachers in schools, with public lecturers, because
of their birth-place, or a chance literary conncction
with a proscribed newspaper, is not friendly to
commercial prosperity and independence.
As this conti oversy progressed, the anti-slavery
party in the North began to petition Congress to
abolish slavery in this District, to put an end to
the inter-State slave trade, and to abolish it in all
the Government Arsenals, dock-yards, and other
places under the Federal jurisdiction. The Aboli-
tionists at this time were few in numbers, without
political influence, being in the main non-resist-
ants, and opposed to voting. They were only
strong in their earnestness and m the justice of
their cause.
Very few men in Congress or out of it were pre-
pared to accede to their demands, and the fatal
weakness of slavery was again shown by violent
denunciations of the petitioners and of those who
dared to present their petitions. The obstinacy,
folly,and arrogance of the slave propagandists led
them to deny the right of petition itself, and they
enlisted against them, in that contest for the sup-
pression and denial of a clear constitutional right,
the wisest, the ablest, the most indefatigabie,the
most learned legislator of the Republic, a noble
man,
v'c W;th iron nerve, to tiuc* occasion true1."
It was not only a contest for clear and undeni-
able constitutional rights, but one essential to the
existence of freedom, the right to exercise which
is not denied to the meanest subject by the cru-
dest despotism on earth. But the South planted
themselves upon an untenable anddespotic ground;
but one clearly m accoi dance with the whole spirit
of their institutions.
Next arose the controversy upon the acquisi-
tion of Texas; but I will pass by the history of
that matter, with the single observation that the
whole scheme of annexation was considered by
the North as an attempt, by dishonorable means,
and by taking an undue advantage of the weak-
ness of a neighboring State, to wrest from her a
territory to which we had no just claim, for the
sole purpose of extending and strengthening the
institution of slavery; and that it was an uncon-
stitutional aggiession upon the North. Then, and
in consequence of this seizure of her territory, came
the Mexican war; the acquisition of a vast terri-
tory thereby; the discovery of gold in California;
the consequent rapid settlement of that territory;
and then the icnowal of the controversy m rela-
tion to the territorial policy of the Go\eminent.
There had been a general acquiescence in the pol-
icy established by the enactment of the Missouri
compromise, in pursuance of which Slates had
been admitted south of Co' with slavt ry, while
north of that line slavery had been excluded. The
power of Congress to fix the JaUis of a Tenvory
m rcspect to the exclusion of slavery had hardlv
been controverted up to this* time. Now aii par-
ties were m a state of confusion. The controversy ;
resulted in the compromise measures of 1850. !
What was the character of those measures of
legislation ? California stood, upr n nght and prm- ,
eiple, fairly entitled to admission, ..na should have '
bei n adauued unconditionally, as a fue Slate, ;
upon every principle for which northern and ]
southern men contended; but its admission was |
coupled, among other things, with the fugitive j
slave law—a measure of huh* consequence as a
practical measure, as all such laws always have
been, and always will be. But it was brought
forward as a test of soundness of opinion, a test
of conservatism and nationality. Very ft w fugi-
tives ever were returned under it. or any law, m
proportion to the number escaping. Great inge-
nuity was exerted to make the fugitive slave bill
as bad and as \ illamous as possible. Men who
would cheerfully acquiesec in it mi^ht/De relied
upou to buy and sell—nay, they wouw soil the
issue of their own loins, or send thrnynothors into
the cotton fields, for gold. y
Veiy few disputed the right of reclaiming slaw s
under the Constitution, or would have resisted
any decently humane law for their rendition, al-
though no law could ever be of any practical
value. But no law can be found upon the statute-
books of any civilized nation having so many
cruel and disgraceful features as this. In its gen- !
oral tone and spirit it makes chanty a crime, and |
puts out the fires upon the hearth of hospitality. 1
It strikes down every safeguard of the liberty of
the citizen which has been extorted from tyranny*
through centuries of blood, from the time the vic-
torious barons at Runnym^de extorted Magna
Charta from King John to the present. It denies
the right of trial by jury where more than lifeand.
property is conccrned. It prohibits the&a&eos,
corpus—the writ of liberty. It. prevents the con-
fronting of the witnesses with the accused, and
deprives him of the right of an open and fair cross-
examination. It offers a direct and open bribe to
the judge to decide in favor of the rich against the
poor and friendless—small indeed, but sufficient,
lor no gno will hold an office where he may be an
executioner of this infamous lav/, whose integrity
would be proof against a bribe of five dollars.
Treating persons as property, and the claimants *
of this species of property as privileged above
others, it provides for the return of it,"upon the
mere suggestion of apprehended danger, at the
expense of the public Treasury.
In my judgment, it is unconstitutional in this:
first, that it is not within the power of legislation
granted to Congress; second, it crcatcs judicial
officers, courts, not in compliance with the require-
ments of the Constitution. I knowitis contended
that the commissioners referred to in this act have
no right to irij, do not act as judges; but that they
are only ministerial officers, and their only office
is to return persons to the place from which they
fled for trial there; and we are gravely assured
that justice always prevails in southern tribunals.
The proceedings under this act are likened to those
for the return of persons accused of crime. But
the manifest distinction between them is over-
looked—that the alleged criminal is formally de-
mandeel by the Executive of one State from tho
Executive of another; that he will neither be de-
manded noi sui rendered by such magistrates, un-
less responsibly charged, by indictment found, or
on a case otherwise satisfactorily established, with
a crime generally acknowledged as a felony; and
when surrendered, he is put into the charge and
keeping of the law and its officers for trial only,
and is to be taken to the particular State and county
where chargcd with crime, to be tried by jury,
and in an open, fair, and legal mode, before pun-
ishment can be inflicted; while, in the other case,
a citizen may be claimed by some base speculator,
who has bought a negro running,and may prove
a geueial description by deposition of straw-heeled
witnesses whom nobody has ever seen, before
some obscure judge whom nobody has overheard
of, ami make an unimpeachable rccord under this
law, which would not be a respectable rccord for
a justice's court; and the man seized under such
proceedings, is beyond the relief of habeas corpus,
and is given up—not, as in the other case, to the
offirois, aucl put under the protection of the law
as an accused citizen, with an acknowlcdgedright
to a public trial, but surrendered as property to a
master, who, instead of returning where either
are known, may sell him to hopeless bondage in
the nearest slave mart. The trial, or mockery of
tnal, before the commissioner, is therefore final,
and his judgment conclusive, ond subject to no
appeal or review. Is he not then, to all intents, a
judge, exercising most important judicial func-
tions? *
We do not propose the repeal of this law; let
it stand. a fit monument to the folly and madness
of the times; but is it not enough to try the temper
as well as the faith of the believer in human prog-
ress, that such a law could be passed by an en-
lightened Republic, in the nineteenth century, and
tint it is made not only the test of the citizen's
loyalty to his country, but of the Christian's to
his God ? It must have be en expected—I believe
it was intended that such a law should produce
counter legislation in the free States—that per-
sonal liberty bills would be passed, as they have
been—though not half as stringent as they ought
to hr—to discharge the duty which every inde-
pendent State owes to eacli of its citizens, how-
ever humble—I mean protection to their personal
liberty.
It must have been expected that so infamous
a law would have been evaded by underground
railroads, and by all other honorable methods.
And let mc assure gentlemen that they deceive
themselves if they suppose that there is any real
difference in sentiment among northern people
