1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
it needful in the midst of these, and many other
things like these, to ask what are the aggressions
of which we speak? There is a long, unbroken
line of aggression, faithlessness to the compact,
and assault on the peace, the constitutional rights
of a section.
Still, the Senator informs us that he is adhering
to the doctrines of the fathers who founded the
Republic. Was this their doctrine? Had they
underground railroads—to use the phrase of the
day? Did they offer asylums for the conceal-
ment of fugitive slaves from their neighbors in the
colonies and Statesadjoining them? No, sir; no.
I hope no man will ever stain their spotless repu-
tation by an accusation like that.
He tells us that the Democracy have adopted a
new school, and threaten the destruction of the
Union unless others shall adopt it too; and yet
we ask but conformity to the Constitution; we ask
bvit compliance with the plain requirements and
great purposes of the Union; we ask that you
shall not covertly, under the forms of the Con-
stitution, seek to destroy it in spirit, and to over-
turn the objects for which it was made. We ask
that you shall do what the fathers did, and which,
if they had not done,this Union nevercould have
been formed.
He tells us, however, that southern men admit
that there has been a revolt!^on of opinion on this
subject. An advance is not a revolution. That
man must either be utterly stupid, or omniscient,
who learns nothing, and never changes an opin-
ion. It must be the very height of profanity for
any man to assume that he never could change
any opinion that he entertained. It would be the
height of bestiality in any man to say that he
would never advance in the little knowledge he
possesses. It is true, that at a time when we had
no great tropical staples cultivated in the United
States; when we occupied very little of the terri-
tory which lies in a semi-tropical climate, the ques-
tion of interest, the question of power—political
and social power in the community—led very
many of those who philosophized on the subject
to reach the conclusion that slave property was
not beneficial to the State in which they lived, and
to the Republic of which the State was a part.
Circumstanceshave changed; nay, more than that,
we have learned something of the negro race which
they did not then know. We have learned now,
that in all future, as in all past, history, that race
is doomed by the Creator to occupy the attitude
of servility. Whether they be bought and held
from the cradle to the grave; whether they be
hired by the day or the month, servility is stamped
upon the characteristics of the race; and from that
they can never rise. We find it in the pictorial
representations of the pyramids of .Egypt; we find
it m all the traditions beyond the period of history,
and traced through history down to the present
day. Wherever theyarenotedtheybearthe badge
of servitude; and wherever they are not m servi-
tude they are in barbarism.
The Senator from Virginia [Mr. Mason] well
said that the'negroes of the United States had
been elevated by the condition of slavery. They
are to-day in the highest condition which that
race has ever attained anywhere; so much so that
northern philanthropists constantly speak of the
ameliorating process of sending these negroes edu-
cated in the condition of slavery to Africa, there
to become great teachers of civilization and Chris-
tianity. Why are they better than their brethren
in Africa5 Because they have passed through the
school of slavery in the United States. And sadly
did I read the account which we have but recently
received from our attempt at colonization in Li-
beria; for it marks the gradual decadence of men
who had been trained and selected for their moral
worth 111 this country, who, colonized ill Liberia,
have reduced natives there to slavery and are them-
selves steadily lapsing into barbarism.
The Senator from Massachusetts also tells us
that he represents a commercial community, and
that the slave power is sacrificing the commercial
interests of the country. What commercial inter-
ests would you have if it was not for slave labor?
What would support your shipping, what sup-
ports it to-day, but the navigation laws and the
trade of the South? Where would your cedar-
buckets and your tin cups and your shoes be
sold, if there was no slave labor constituting a
capital ready to purchase it? Your commerce de-
pends upon this labor; and it has been the extreme
blindness, as I view it, of the navigating and com-
mercial interests of the northeastern portion of
the United States not to perceive how intimately
their interests were connected with ours, and how
entirely dependent they are for their prosperity on
the continuance of friendly relations with us.
The Senator from Massachusetts complains of
the police laws of the South, and of the fact that
northern men are treated with suspicion who are
traveling in the southern States. "Men do not
father grapes from thorns, nor figs from thistles."
t is not from the studied, the persevering, the
continued denunciations of the North, that they
should expect to gain the confidence and good
will of the South. Police regulations and sus-
picions are the result of your bad conduct, not
our hostility. Communities adopt police reg-
ulations for their own protection—for their own
safety; and they mark with suspicion men who
come attended by circumstances which create the
belief that they come as incendiaries and spies,
with treasonable designs, who speak fairly in the
face of their brother, whilst they stab him under
the rib. There is no ground of complaint unless
the Senator can find better cause than lie has pre-
sented. Had he followed the example of him
from whom I quoted; had he, instead of seeking
through all his reading to find how much could
be arrayed of expression at the South to irritate
the North, spoken in the language of soberness
and fealty to the Constitution, addressing himself
to the errors of Massachusetts, and pointing out
to her, as her Senator, wherein it was needful she
should reform her course, wherein it was proper
she should deviate from the policy of those who
are widening the breach between the sections of
the Union, he would have rendered a scrvice
which, if it would have commanded him fewer
votes, would have given a much better.immor-
tality than such speeches as he has made yester-
day and to-day. It would have been something
like tliatdevotion to the cause of his country which
would have bccome one who was drawing a model
for himself from the early days of the Republic.
I said yesterday what 1 1'elt then and feel now,
that it gives me no pleasure to make these com-
parisons of the conduct of different States of the
Union. I was sorry that the Senator found it
needful for his argument to-day, to pursue the
same line of general accusation as yesterday. Such
jibes and taunts bring to my mind the blue lights
said to have once burned along the coast of Massa-
chusetts; but, sir, unbidden comes to my memory
the bright fires that blazed when Washington held
his camp upon Dorchester Heights; and I remcm-
i her with pride, for it is a portion of the history
of which I am part owner as well as the Senator,
the gallant bearing of the almost unarmed citizens
of Massachusetts when they defied and confronted
the insolent soldiery who came to oppress them
and to rule over their country. It is far more
grateful to me, sir, to revert to these, than to re-
member the period when constitutional scruples
would not allow the militia of that State to go be-
yond its own limits, though the honor of the flag
anil the safely of the country called on all her
people.
The Senator referred yesterday, and has again
to-day, to one who is an ornament to the age in
which he lives—Mr. Cushing; one of those true
sons of Massachusetts who, he says, defended
her honor years ago, and who equally, I say,
and more efficiently defends it to-day when he
arraigns her errors, than when, at the period to
which the Senator refers, he may have only pointed
to her past devotion-—-a man whose varied knowl-
edge seems to gather in every subject, and whose
bright intellect sheds a luminous blaze upon every-
thing which it touches. If ho ever doubted the
right of the citizens of the slaveholdmg States to
go into the Territories, as I infer from the Sena-
tor's remarks to-day he did, it became him, it be-
came las genius as well as his heart, that, having
learned his error, he should avow the reformation.
I have just received a letter of his, addressed to a
public meeting, in which he refers to this partic-
ular point, and m a sentence so valuable that I will
! read it. He says:
" And the current suggestion, tliat slave property exists
{ but by the local law, is no more true of this than it is of all
■ other property. In tact, tile European Socialists, who, in
; wild radicalism, (including the assassination doctrine,) are
the correspondents ot the American Abolitionists, maintain
I tiie same doctrine as to ali property, that the Abolitionists
: do to Onve property He who ha5- property, they aujue.
is the robber of him who has not. '£a propricte £' est le
vol,' is the famous theme of the Socialist, Ptondhon. And
the same precise theories of attack at the Nouh an the slave
property of the South would, if carried out to their 'legiti-
mate and necessary logical consequences, and will, if suc-
cessful in this, their first stage of action, superinduce at-
tacks on ali property, North and South."
There is a solemn warning from one of the
brightest men that Massachusetts has produced,
though her list be long; it is a solemii warning to
you now that the doctrines you are preaching
against us may come back, sooner or later, to
plague you; that they will initiate in your midst
a revolution destructive to all the rights of prop-
erty, and to the safety of society.
There are other points made in the Senator's
remarks; but they are of questions which have
been so long discussed, of Kansas and such like
wearisome questions, that, as the hour is late, I
will let them pass. But before I stop, I wish to
say that I came here hopeful that, whatever ex-
citementwe mighthave, the debates of this session
would not assume the same low tone of mere ribald
declamation in relation to slave property which
had characterized former times. It has been my
fortune to associate a good deal with overseers;
but never, in all my associations with overseers,
did I hear so unbroken a consideration in relation
to negroes as I have in the Senate this session.
There can be no question raised, no problem of
constitutional power presented, but some man
must get vp and for hour after hour descant on the
negroes, whom we have a right to hold under the
Constitution and the laws, and of whom the de-
baters know absolutely nothing. For what good
is it? Do they expect to produce emancipation?
Is that their object? And if it were effected, would
they be willing to receive their share of the poor
creatures thus turned out to shift for themselves?
Has any man yet ever presented a rational plan
by which he could accomplish this social change,
if it were conceded to be a desideratum? Does
any man who has logical power and observation
enough to form an opinion believe it would lead to
the happiness of that race ? If not, then why are
we goaded from day to day, and wearied by dull
essays and patch-works in relation td the eternal
subject of other people's negroes?
I have been dragged into" this debate by the
special reference made to myself. I have spoken
under the disadvantage of occupying the close of
the day, following the Senator, and answering
the points which he had presented. I am willing,
however, under that disadvantage, to let the mat-
ter rest, to pass to the higher and nobler subjects
which merit discussion. But if wc cannot have
peace; if the long concurrent scries of decisions
by the Supreme Court is to mean nothing; if de-
cisions so numerous and so clearly tending to that
which has of late created so much complaint, that
the opinion was foretold long befot$ it was deliv-
ered, are to go for nothing; if still we are to be ar-
raigned before the world to vindicate our right of
property, then there is an obligation to have our
case fairly presented at the bar of public opinion;
and in view of what may be our last resort, I may
find it needful, with more copious reference and
with more methodical arrangement, to speak to
this subject at a future day. I hope,however, to
bo spared the necessity.
Mr. WIGFALL. I beg the patience of the
Senate for a few moments, and but a very few,
for a matter of explanation. I promise Senators
to detain them a very few minutes; and I desire to
speak now in order that the imputations which
have been made upon my State may not pass un-
answered and unnoticed. I am not willing that
the sun should go down upon these imputations
without a full and clear explanation of their in-
justice.
The Senator from Massachusetts, in the long
list of grievances which ho has made against the
South, has seen fit to bring Texas in as a crim-
inal. Ho makes charges against her, and produces
one of her Senators, not now on this floor, on the
witness stand, and by him attempts to prove the
charges which he makes. He stated that,amongst
otheraggressions, wrongs andoutrages whichhave
been committed against the North, $10,000,000
was paid for territory to which the people of Texas
had no title. He stated distinctly, for I listened
to him carefully, that we not only had no title to
it, but that a Senator from Texas had admitted
it to be a mere pretense or claim. I asked for his
authority, and-he said that, at some subsequent
