180
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 26,
36th Cong....1§t Sess.
Slavery Question—Mr. Sedgioick.
Ho. of Reps.
in relation to this law. All parties wink at its
evasion, and all sympathy is with the fugitive
who pTOves, by a successful flight, that there is
enough man in him to malce an earnest effort for
freedom. He who can suppress such sympathy,
and on the requisition of the marshal under the
fifth section, attempts to show that he is a good
citizen by " aiding and assisting in the prompt and
efficient execution of this law whenever his set-
vices are required," ought himself to be a slave.
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Garnett]
tried to frighten Republicans from voting for Gov-
ernor Pennington for Speaker, by saying he was
in favor of the law—I presume he is, theoretic-
ally—that he is a law and order man, and has
a general notion that laws should be obeyed. It
would have staggered me if I had fully believed
the charge; for I hold that any man who really
approves the law of 1850, and believes in it, is
only fit to hold some very mean position in the gift
of a certain gentleman in sables,whose name should
not be mentioned to ears polite. But I remem-
bered a conversation one morning in which he
had told me of a chained coffle of twenty-five
human beings who, driven by armed and brutal
drivers, had passed within sight and hearing of
this Hall that morning for a southern market.
There was but little said between us—language
can do no justice to such a subject—but I looked
into his eye, and 1 marked the compressed lip
and heaving chest, which gave evidence to me of
a human heart within; and I thought, as I gave
him my vote, that if one of those purchased slaves
should escape the chain and the rifle and the
bloodhounds and the hunters and the marshals
and commissioners, and, guided by the light
which yet emanates from the battle-fields of the
Revolution, cross the bravo little State of New
Jersey, and should make his way to that stately
and hospitable mansion upon the heights of New-
ark,and should ask for food and shelter,and recite
the story of his wrongs, I did think and believe,
and I do still think and believe, that he would in-
■ terpose the " broad seal" of his humanity between
him and the fugitiveslave bill. I think 1 can hear
him repeat, as he blesses the stranger at parting,
wanned and fed and clothed,and having scrip for
his journey, tho hospitable lines of the poet:
" And Stranger is a holy name ;
Guidance and rest and food and fire
In vain lie never must rcquiie."
I am not, sir, a believer in the doctrine that a
bad, infamous, and unconstitutional enactment—
I cannot call it law—should be obeyed until it is
repealed. I have not so learned the true spirit and
theory of free and democratic government. No
citizen would ever be sustained in any factious
resistance to just and equal laws upon any light
and trivial ground of inconvenience, or even un-
avoidable and unintentional hardship; but where
a real question of personal and civil right and
liberty is involved, or the rights of conscience are
invaded, it is the duty of the citizen to resist. In
a question of right and conscience the individual
citizen is the final judge, and not the Government
or any branch thereof, executive, judicial, or legis-
lative. If the encroachments of the Government
are generally tyrannous and oppressive, so that
they become intolerable, there is the well-cstab-
lished remedy in the people—the right of revolu-
tion. If the tyranny docs not reach the whole
State, nor call for that last resort of an oppressed
people, but only is directed at a sect, a class, or
even an individual, there is the equally clear and
indisputable right of peaceful resistance short of
revolution. So the Friend resists the law com-
pelling him to bear arms, and the Catholic the
test oaths. By suffering the penalties of an unjust
and wicked law, public attention is called to its in-
justice, and the wholesome lesson is taught that
" Firm endurance wins at last
More than the sword."'
And so I contend that no citizen in a Republic
discharges his duty who fails to bring an infamous
law into public odium and disgrace, and stead-
fastly to resist its encroachments. So old Eleazer
taught, when he refused to eat the flesh abhorred
by his conscience and his religion, or even to seem
to eat it, and rather than submit to the law which
demanded it, went manfully to the torment, lest he
should bring reproach upon his gray hair and the
•excellency of his ancient and honorable years;
and so he died, leaving a notable example of cour-
age, not to young men only, butto all generations.
This was the teaching of Milton and Hampden
and Sidney, and in our own age and land, of Otis
and Adams and the patriots and martyrs of the
Revolution. And I regard it as a sign of the de-
generacy of the times, that the test of good citizen-
ship in a free Government has jome to be blind
and unresisting submission to judicial or legisla-
tive, any more than to executive tyranny; and "if
this be treason, make the most of it."
In 1854 the act familiarly called the Kansas-
Nebraska act was passed. In it, under a flimsy
and dishonest pretense, the Missouri comprtftnise
was repealed. This act shocked the public sense
of justice and fair-dealing. It was believed, and
is true, that the South had received all the benefits
which they had ever justly expected under that
compact, and repealed it as soon as they found it
in the way of theirchanged territorial policy. For
myself, I have never regretted its repeal, and never
would consent to its restoration. It has removed
all trammels and all feelings of delicacy in north-
ern minds, arid has left them free to judge upon
the merits whether slavery is a good, safe, and
desirable institution for an infant State. And it
settles the question of more slave States; for if
slavery is prevented in the Territories, it is prac-
tically excluded from the States. It is already
demonstrated that in settling Territories the slave
States stand no chance with the free. Whether
slavery is prohibited in the old and honest way,
by congressional legislation, or whether the ques-
tion is settled by the inevitable force and fraud and
bloodshed of squatter sovereignty, does not appear
essentially to vary the result. As slave property
is timid, and cannot place implicit confidence in
tho obiter dicta of political partisans in judicial
robes, knowing that even the settled and honest
convictions and opinions of courts are liable to
revision and reversal; as the young men reared in
the luxury and unthrift of the plantation are not
fitted for the hardships of border life; as the non-
slaveliolding, nominal freemen of slave commu-
nities are ignorant and unenterprising, it does so
happen that, with all favoring circumstances—a
corrupt Federal Executive, ready to encourage
any scheme of fraud and violence; an intervening 1
anu hostile slave State to close and guard all the |
accustomed routes of travel, and to invade and '
destroy their settlements—free State emigration
has triumphed, and under all these discourage-
ments and disadvantages has shaped the policy and
fixed the institutions of these Territories. And as
bloody instructions arc apt to return to plague the
inventors, so recent and well-remembered events
have proved the impolicy and danger of giving free-
State men the sort of training which they acquired
in Kansas.
There are, sir, weighty reasons for not permit-
ting slavery in the Territories. The argument,
though subtile and fair-seeming, that the people of
the slave States, havingan equal right in the Ter-
ritories, have also a right to take their property
with them, and that to deny them the right is un-
just and unequal, is entirely fallacious. The able
and ingenious Senator from Mississippi, [Mr.
Davis,] in his reply to the suggestions of the Sen-
ator from New York, [Mr. Seward,] about cap-
ital States, spoke of slavery as " a form of civil
government. In truth, setting aside all moral
reasons for the denial, slaves never have been,
and never m the nature of the case can be, treated
merely as property; they are men answerable as
such for crimes, capable always of freedom by man-
umission, and though they cannot, if the Supreme
Court is right, be recognized as citizcns having
rights themselves, they are regarded as persons
giving important political rights to others. We
therefore deny the right or justice of taking sla-
very into the Territories under the palpable lie
that they are taken there as property. We deny
it on political -Considerations. If, as the gentle-
man from Mississippi [Mr. Lamar] said, with
 reat spirit, we have, by our consent ill the old
States, got the "negro in the Constitution," and
he is represented by twenty members on tho floor
of this House, we will not consent that the in-
equality shall go further. We will take care to
exclude this " political relation" from the Terri-
tories, and that it does not steal in in the mild dis-
guise of "property"—a wolf clothed in wool.
We refuse slavery a footing in the Territories
for economical reasons—it impoverishes a State;
for moral j-easons—itbegets ignorance. A system
of common public education is physically impos-
sible in a plantation State. It destroys the mar-
riage relations, makes cruel tyrants of the masters
and brutes of the slaves. For reasons of safety;
for every community in which the relation exists
is constantly liable to bloody and fearful domes-
tic insurrections, and weak and defenseless against
invasion.
I have pursued this subject with a view to the
inquiry, what is the North to do? And what has
she done in the past, which she could have omit-
ted and remained faithful §nd true to her own his-
tory and principles? We would most gladly have
been relieved from all action upon, and all respons-
ibility for, slavery. We had our own interests
to protect and advance. We had discharged our
duty on the subject of slavery in good faith and
sincerity, according to the original sentiment- of
the people and policy of the Government. We
had abolished slavery, and were busy with our
schools, our factories, our farms, our commerce,
and our prosperous affairs. We were not disposed
to interfere, although you.saw fit to change your
sentiments, and to abandon that old and safe policy
which looked to free institutions and the abandon-
ment of slavery. Your aggressions forced the'
North into this contest—to defend the liberty of
speech and of the press; to maintain the right of
petition; to secure their citizens rights, plainly and
m terms guarantied by the Constitution, and as-
sailed by your unjust and unconstitutional laws;
to prevent the acquisition of territory by uncon-
stitutional measures, and required for no purpose
other than that of extending and perpetuating
slavery, and increasing its power and influence in
the Government; to defend the Territories from
the curse of slavery, and maintain the old and
well settled policy of the country in regard to
them. And you are now driving them to a more
determined resistance to the reopening of the ac-
cursed traffic which has reddened old ocean with
its cruelty, and freighted all the winds of heaven
with its groans.
The natural, inevitable, and logical result, has
been the organization of the Republican party,
now the controlling and dominant party in nearly
all the free States.
It rests upon the sentiment and conviction that
all men are entitled to equal civil rights; that free-
dom and its institutions are better foundations for
a new State than slavery and its attendants; and
the determination to establish no government ex-
cept in accordance with such principles.
They claim no power to change or alter the laws
and institutions of existing States; nor to inter-
fere therewith, except so far as the example of
their safety, strength, and prosperity, and the
proper discussion and defense of their principles
and institutions, may exercise a moral influence
upon their policy.
While they disclaim all interference with State
laws, policy, and institutions, they do claim the
} ower, and will exercise it, whenever, in their
judgment, it is just and prudent, to free the Gen-
eral Government from all responsibility for the
existcncc and continuance of slavery wherever
they have exclusive jurisdiction over it.
As their resistance to the extension of slavery _
is founded upon the conviction of its injustice and
its unfitness, so they will be led to oppose any
new demands which it may make, and any and
all measures for its increase by the revival of tho
foreign trade or otherwise. And while we aie de-
termined to adhere inflexibly to this policy, we
have no unkindness for slaveholders. They have
a great problem to solve, and should have sym-
pathy and succor. The whole power and revenue
of the Government should, with my consent, bo
freely exerted and expended in their aid. The
destinies of this Republic hang upon the issue of
this contest; and while I look on with fear and
trembling, I still look forward with hope to the
time when we may exclaim to the oppressed of
every clime and language and birth place and
complexion, as they first plant their footsteps
upon our shores, " bow down and worship, for
the soil on which you stand is sacred, and eon-
secratod by the genius of universal emancipa-
tion."
