602'
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
time, he would produce it; but for the present he
would state that that Senator had made the state-
ment to him, privately or personally, I do not rec-
ollect which. That TTexas had no claim to this
territory^; that she got up a pretense of title m or-
der, during the troubled times of 1850, to extort
from patriotic men who desired to save the Union
^10,000,000, is the substance of the charge. What
is the title that Texas had, and how arose the
controvery ? It is a short story, and it shall by
told briefly.
Upon the bloody field of San Jacinto, the claim
wtfs made to the entire territory lying east of the
Rio Grande up to the forty-second degree of north
latitude. General Houston, the witness produced
by the Senator himself, has boasted in my pres-
ence time and again, before the people of Texas,
that he himself suggested to General Rusk, then
the Secretary of War, and on that bloody field
taking part in that transaction, the Rio Grande as
a sine qua non. Then and there, sir, a treaty was
made with Santa Anna, Dictator (not President)
of Mexico, by which the independence of Texas,
as claimcd, was recognized. That is the first step
in establishing our title. Santa Anna's life was
spared. He returned to his own country, and,
with Mexican faith, he repudiated his own deed.
After a long and bloody war of some eight or ten
years, in which Texas was fighting for independ-
ence—and when I speak of independence, I mean
independence this side of the Rio Grande—she
became, without peace having been established,
one of the States of this Union. The Mexicans,
after the annexation of Texas, crossed the Rio
Grande to attack citizens of my State upon this
side of that river. The American Government,
both Houses of Congress, and the President, con-
curred in the sentiment that American blood had
been shed upon American soil, drawing no dis-
tinction between the upper and the lower Rio
Grande.
We went to wav. After two years a treaty of
peace and acquisition was signed. The treaty of
Gaudalupe Hidalgo ceded to the United States all
that territory lying north of certain boundaries
specified in the treaty; and, "to make assurance
doubly sure/'a map was attached to that treaty.
Upon that map, all that territory lying east of the
Rio Grande, up to the forty-second degree of
north latitude, was painted in one color,distinctly,
and it was marked "Texas;" west of the Rio
Grande, there was another portion, colored dif-
ferently, and marked "New Mexico;" a third
portion of that territory was culou-d and marked
4< California," Ilere, sir, was the second recog-
nition of the Government of the United States, by
both the legislative and executive departments,
recognizing Texas as that territory lying north
and east of tl^e Rio Grande, making no distinction
between the upper and lower Rio Grande.
Then, sir, General Henderson, who was (Gov-
ernor of the State, being advised that, troops were
stationed m the northern part of our State, ad-
dressed to the President of the United States,
.Tames K. Polk, an official document asking him
by what authority those troops were there sta-
tioned, and by what authority the United States
was keeping troops within the State of Texas.
Mr..Tames Buchanan, Secretary of State, answered
promptly that the United States put up no pre-
tense of title to any portion, and that the troops
were there simply for the purpose of protecting
our own frontier against Indians who were making
mentions. Under these ehrnmsranees xic wcie
satisfied. We had no idea that the American
Government, that was to settle the boundarv be-
tween Mexico and ourselves, would, being the
arbitrator and the judoo. step in and become one
of the parties to the suit and claim the verdict.
So things passed on until, to the utter astonish-
ment of everybody, military possession was taken
of it. Under the administration of Geneiai Tay-
lor troops were sent there; and Mr. Filimore
sent m a message, sotting forth in substance—1
do not pretend to quote the words—that Texas
had set up n <"laim to a poition of American ter-
ritory, and that he intended to hold it by the
power of the sword, until the question was "adju-
dicated.
Under these circumstances, every man in Texas
was ready again to rally under her banner. That
State was excited from one section to the other.
About that time, the Pearce bill was introduced,
offering to us money for that disputed territory.
Disputed how? It had been recognized to be
ours by the Government of the United States, on
three several occasions: first, by a declaration of
war; then by solemn treaty; then by an official
Executive document that acknowledged our title.
After all this, this Government set up a pretense
of title and offered us $10,000,000, if we would
sell them the territory. I, for one, would never
have touched one dime of your money, carrying,
as I believed it did, degradation in the touch.
But the people of Texas decided otherwise. Gen-
eral Rusk and General Houston, our Senators,
and Mr. Kaufman and Mr. Pillsbury, our Repre-
sentatives in the other wing of the Capitol, urged
on the people of Texas that they had but lately
come into the Union; that the slavery question
was agitating the country, from center to circum-
ference; that it was shaken from "turret to foun-
dation stone;" theyappealed to the people there to
come to the rescue, and tocompiomisc this matter;
though an outrage had been offered"to us, still, as
the Government had proposed to pay us for ter-
ritory, and as we had more than we had use for,
we should take the money; and the people decided
to take it.
Now, sir, for the first time in my life I have
heard that we had no title, and the man who claims
to himself, and I believe truly, the credit of having
been the very author of the boundary of the Rio
Grande, and who plumes himself upon it, is put
on the witness stand* and it is stated that he said
we had no title. If, none, then we were playing
the part of sharpers; we were trying to strike a
hard bargain with a Government with which we
had but lately beromw connected; and it was infa-
mous. In justification of General Houston him-
self, in order at once to put this matter at rest, I
will read from the Congressional Globe a single
paragraph from three speeches which he made.
On the 26th day of July, 1850, General Houston
used this language:
" Whatever Texas now claims fdie asserted anterior to
annexation. He fore that measuie was adopted by the. Uni-
ted State*, Texas had for yeais asseitcd her boundary, and
had t-o been reeo«m7.ed, not only by the United State-!, but
aNo by other nations. When she became annexed, she in-
termitted no chum to any territory which *he had avowed
was hers. She maintained that ebrm up to the piesent mo-
ment. No claim iidvoise to that ol Texas w«i  «-ct up until
wn leeently, and as late as the tilth of Novembei la^t No
adverse claim whatevei was set up bythe Tinted £t#tcs,or
au> othei State oi Teirlioiy. Mexico certainlv did not set
up any. She put m an adveise claim onlj auanet the in-
dependence ot Texas., and not a<iam<-t hoi boundaiy.''
In a speech delivered the 30th of July, 1850, he
used this emphatic language:
" We do not a^-k any new boundary. It h for the ascer-
tainment ot our proper and legitimate boundary we are
contending heic. We have no new boundarv, loi we have
usurped none. We have had the same houmiaij liomfitM,
to la-it. We commenced our existence as a nation with n
decl.ucd boundarv; we maintained in the revolution for
eijilit \ e.u ami contended for that houmlan when the
I'nifed States weie substituted in place ofTcxa*. and the
content was going on f'oi the attainment of lfi.it boundaiv.
None othei was ever thought of; and when the United
States extended their conquest beyond the declared bound-
aiy ol Tc.\a>, embracing it, it teemed natural that so «.oon
as the boundaiy she claimed was aequned, it should be at
once aceoided tohei,andall difficulties should be cias-cd.5'
On the31stofJuly, 1850, housed this language:
" I have been reluctant to consume the time of the Sen-
ate by lemarks winch I might oder m iciation to the claim
ot Texas. 1 do not expect, by entevmy into any invcsti
Ration of hei boundaiy, to enlighten any mind upon it, for
I am sine uiv colleagues, not only hoie, but in the other
House, have submitted aiguments iiamiht with ability and
intelligence, and conclusive, fai as I can jud«e-; and  f
theic hnd been am deficiency in them whatever, eeitamly
the aigument of the; honorable Senator from Georgia [INtf.
Deuten^] must haw convinced evciy mind, when ho thiew
all the tacts before it,and eumjxucd them and tiaccd them
to a conclusion a - unemng as uuth itself/5
I thank the Senate for the attention which they
have given mi ; and, having made this explana-
tion, 1 will consume no fuither time.
Mr. WILSON. A single word of explanation
in regard to that matter. J did not mean, in the
statement 1 niad<\ to convey the idea to any per-
son that General Houstontiad not maintained the
claim of Texas to the territory in question. What
I meant to say was, that I understood that though
he claimed tins country, he admitted that the claim
had not been acknowledged by the Mexican Gov-
ernment, or maintained lay the Texas government.
If the Senator from Texas will read the speeches
made throughout the Mexican war—a war grow-
ing out of that question—and thespeeches of 1850,
he will find the doctrine maintained that Texas
did not extend to the upper Rio Grande The
debates of Congress, during that time, are full of
it. What I meant to say was, that General Hous-
ton raised this claim, that he fought for it, and
contended for it; but, at the same time, he had
admitted that Mexico had not acknowledged it;
and it never had been an acknowledged boundary,
only a claimcd boundary. That, I think, is the
fact of the case. What I referred to in conver-
sation, simply related to matters here, not in pri-
vate communication, but in the common remarks
among Senators; and I have so understood him
to make that admission. General Houston has
always contended and maintained that Texas had
a claim to this region of country, and 1 do not
wish to say anything which would intimate that
he had not contended for the claim.
Mr. WIGFALL. One word of explanation
further. Mexico, the Senator from Massachu-
setts now says, never recognized our claim to the
Rio Grande. Why, sir, she never recognized our
claim to any portion of Texas. It was a question
of life, it was a question of existence with us.
What I say is, that we had as much claim to one
portion of Texas as to the other. The subse-
quent questions which arose during the discus-
sions of 1850, when Mr. Benton attempted to set
forth that our title could not extend beyond a cer-
tain point because, originally, the department of
Texas did not extend beyond the Nueces, have
nothing to do with the matter. Texas declared
her independence on the battle field; she carved
out her boundaries with her sword. Mexico de-
nied her existence; this Government recognized
it; France and England and other European
Powers acknowledged it. We never would at
any day have made peace with Mexico on any
other boundary than that which had been carved
out at San Jacinto.
Then, when tlus Government- interposed and
set up a title to a portion of that country, it was
a claim set up by the Government of the United
States in violation of our rights; and what I as-
serted was, that we had'as good a title to one por-
tion as to the other, and that a distinction between
the upper and lower Rio Grande had never been
made by General Houston, or any other Texan.
I will go further: Mr. Fillmore might just as well
have set up a title to that portion of Texas which
lay upon the boundary of Louisiana, as to setup
the claim which he ditl.
It was to remove the misapprehension, that I
rose to show that the Senator was mistaken in the
position which he assumed as having been pub-
licly taken or privately communicated by General
Houston.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move that the Senate
adjourn, with the understanding that the Senator
from Tennessee is entitled to the floor.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 26, 1860.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. J. Conk.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
THE SPEAKERSHIP.
The CLERK stated the question to be upon
the point of order raised by Mr. Curtis on the
19th instant
Mr. ETTiERIDGE. Mr. Clerk, as I know
a motion to proceed to vote for Speaker would be
objected to without a call of the House, I move
that there be a call of the House preliminary to
submitting a motion that the House proceod to
vote for Speaker.
The motion was agreed to.
The roll was accordingly called; when the fol-
lowing members failed to answer to their names:
Mcosi'?. Bonham, Brown, Iloiace F. Clark, Clemens,
Claik l'. Cochrane, Dimmick, Famsworth. Hall, Jenkins,
Lonjjneckor, Montgomery, Reynolds, Snmns, StaJhvorth,
and Stiuiton
During the call of the roll,
Mr. McRAE stated that Mr. Clemens had
paired off for this day only with Mr. Clark B.
Cochrane.
Mr. PEYTON stated that Mr. Simms was un-
well, and they had paired him off with Mr. Stan-
ton.
Mr. CAMPBELL stated that it had been an-
nounced yesterday that he had paired off for the
day with Mr. Hamilton, but the announcement
