2,566
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2
ofthe United States, Array Regulations, Military Law?, and
books of tactical instruction ia the several arms of service,
$23,000.
It will be recollected by the Senate that an
appropriation was made some four or five years
ago, and since that smaller appropriations, for the
distribution of such works among the militia.
The Congress having control of the instruction
of the militia, so far as prescribing the mode of
discipline, it seemed to be properly charged with
giving to them a uniform system of instruction
as to regulation and as to tactics. The Secretary
of War writes to the committee:
" Numerous requisitions are made upon this Department
for the various systems of tactics used m the Army, which,
with present means, can be answered to but a very limited
extent only.
"Tile general disssmination of such works among the
militia of the country is considered very desirable, and ap-
pears to be contemplated hy the act of May ¥2, IBiM}, requir-
ing the militia to be exercised m the systems of instruction
appointed for the observance of the regular Army.
" I advise that the sum of §25,000 be appropriated forttie
service above indicated." *
The subject is one so familiar to the Senate that
I suppose I need not add any more.
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the question
on the amendment, and there were twenty-one
Senators in the affirmative.
Mr. HALE I call for the yeas and nays.
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the question
on seconding the demand for the yeas and nays,
and announced that, there not being a sufficient
number to support the call, the yeas and nays
were not ordered.
Mr. HALE. Count the other side. I think
there are enough.
ThePRESIDINGOFFICER. Thoseopposed
to the amendment will rise.
Mr. HAMLIN. A number that is not one
fifth of a quorum cannot order the yeas and nays.
Mr. DAVIS and others. They are not or-
dered.
Mr. HAMLIN. But the Senator from New
Hampshire is asking for a division of the other
side, to show that more than one fifth of the Sen-
ators present have seconded the call. Only three
Senators got up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair de-
cided that there was not a sufficient number up,
and was simply calling for the noes on the amend-
ment, that they might be counted—the ayes hav-
ing been counted. •>
Mr. HALE. I call for a count by yeas and
nays.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair had
counted, and decided that there was nota sufficient
number up to order the yeas and nays. If the
Senator asks for the yeas and nays again, the
Chair will put that question.
Mr. HALE. I tlimk we ought to have them
It is an important question. Let the amendment
be read again.
The Secretary read the amendment.
Mr. HALE. This is a job, sir. It is a book-
maker's iob. It is a job to take |25,000 to buy
theSe military books,fordistribution amongst the
Army and militia of the country.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster.)
The Chair will state to the gentleman from New
Hampshire that the question is being put to the
Senate, and the vote is being counted; fcnd the
Chair is of opinion that debate is not now in order.
Mr. HALE. J understood the Chair to say—
I think I am not mistaken in it, if the Chair will
just recollect a moment—that the Chair would put
the call for the yeas and nays again, if it was re-
quested.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair did
say so$ and will repeat it.
Mr. HALE. Then I suppose it is in order to
debate the question, before the yeas and nays are
taken. Debate is in order after the yeas and nays
are ordered, and at any time before the vote is
declared. If the Chair decides that I am not in
order, I shall sit down.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
hear the Senator.
Mr. HALE. Well, sir, I do not want the Chair,
I want the Senate to hear me. [Laughter.!
The PRESIDINGOFFICER. The Chair can-
not answer for the Senate. [Laughter.]
Mr. HALE. I was saying that this was a prop-
osition to take $25,000, to buy books to distribute
amongst the Army and militia; and probably the
bottom of it is,a book-maker's job. On this ques-
tion whether the Senate is willing to order $25,000
to be spent for books ill this way, I ask for the
yeas and nays, and am content to leave it there.
Mr. DOOLiTTLE. I rise to a point of order.
The vote of the Senate is being taken upon the
question, and debate is out of order. [" Oh, no!"]
The Chair had received and counted those in the
affirmative; and before the negative side was called,
and had risen to be counted, the Senator from New
Hampshire asked for the yeas and nays, and the
Chair put the question to the Senate whether they
would order the yeas and nays. A sufficient num-
ber did not rise; and the Chair has not yet, as I
understand the facts, counted the negative vote
upon this amendment. So that we are now in the
midst of the taking of the vote The whole in-
terposition as to whether we shall have the yeas
and nays has passed away by the decision of the
Senate, there not being a sufficient number to de-
mand the yeas and nays. I understand that to be
the fact.
Mr. HALE. Well, sir, the Senator under-
stands it entirely wrong. I can put him right on
that. I am right in order, and I am right in merit;
1 am right against the Senator from Wisconsin,
and I am right against the Senator from Missis-
sippi; and I will show it. The amendment is:
For procuringand distributing to the Army and militia of
the United State*, Anny Regulations, Military Laws, and
books of tactical instruction in the several amis of service,
$23,000.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Wisconsin makes a point of order which the
Chair will decide.
Mr. HALE. Very well; I shall sit down until
that is dectded.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The point of
wder taken by the Senator from Wisconsin is,
in the opinion of the Chair, well taken. The
Chair had stated the question to the Senate, and
the affirmative vote on the amendment was asked
for and counted. After it was counted, the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire called for the yeas and
nays. The Chair asked of the Senate that those
who were in favor of ordering the question to be
taken by yeas and nays should rise. A portion
rose, but in the opinion of the Chair not a suffi-
cient number, and he so decided. The Senator
from New Hampshire proposed debating the sub-
ject. In thnt state of things, the Chair suggested
tb^U the vote nothaving been counted, debate was
not then in order. The Senator suggested that
inasmuch as the Chair had said that, if the yeas
and nays were asked for again, thequestion would
be put, the Senator continued still to debate. The
Chair was then of opinion, and is yet, that it is
proper for the Senator to ask for the yeas and nays,
and for the Senate to decide whether they shall
be had or not. Jf they be ordered, then the ques-
tion is open to debate, and the discussion may go
on; if they be not ordered, the vote must be count-
ed, and debate until that time is, m the opinion
of the Chair, not ill order; and therefore the point
taken by the Senator from Wisconsin is well
taken, and debate in this stage ofthe matterisnot
in order. The question whether the yeas and
nays shall be ordered or not is proper, and the
Chair will put that question if the Senator from
New Hampshire or any other Senator asks for it.
Mr. HAMLIN. Will the Chair pardon me for
making a suggestion ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Certainly.
Mr. HAMLIN. Before the final decision of
the Chair is made to the Senate, 1 ask the Sena-
tor who occupics the Clmir to recollect—I think
he will not fail to recollect—thatit is the uniform
and unbroken practice of the Senate to allow a
Senator to address the Chair while we are divid-
ing, and to resume and carry on the debate. I
think that is the unbroken practice of the Senate,
and this is the first instance I have ever known it
changed. While the Chair may be accurately
correct in its critical decision—I will not discuss
that—the practice of the Senate has been all the
other way. I venture to say that fifty times, per-
| haps a hundred, I have seized upon the floor
while the Senate was dividing. At any time be-
fore the Chair announces the vote, Senators have
always been allowed to address the Senate.
Mr. MASON. I think the Senator from Maine
is right in speaking of the usage of the Senate.
Courtesy, which has always prevailed, and I hope
will continue to prevail m the Senate, has waived
many of the formalities of the strict rules; but
the point of order having been made, I think the
Chair decided it correctly. If the point is waived,
tile debate can go on; but the question of order
having been made, the Chair, I am sure, decided
it correctly The Senator from Maine, however,
is right; the usage of the Senate has been, unless
there was some controlling reason to the contrary,
from courtesy, to allow these informalities to take
place.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair,
with the permission ofthe Senate, will state that
such was the opinion of the Chair, and lie said to
the Senator from New Hampshire that the Chair
was willing to hear the Senator go on with the
debate; and the Senator proceeded until the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin made the point of order,
when the Chair was called upon to decide it. It
is very possible that he may have decided it in-
correctly, and ho would bo quite happy to have
his decision set right by the Senate, but that was
the opinion of the Chair.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not stand much upon
points of order; and, if the Senator from New
Hampshire desires to address the Senate on this
subject particularly, I shall waive the point as
against him, and allow him to go on. My desire,
however, was that we might come to a vote on
this question, and, if possible, get through with
this bill to-day.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I desire to know, sir, what
books these are that are specified. The amend-
ment speaks of books generally. I should like to
know what they are.
Mr. DAVIS. The amendment covers the Army
Regulations, the Military Laws, and the different
kinds of tactics, of which there are the Infantry
Tactics, prepared a number of years agSby Gen-
eral Scott, and. the copywright of which I have
been told is in the Harpers, but which I hope is in
the Government; the Lightlnfantry Tactics,pre-
pared by Colonel Hardee, the copyright of which
belongs to nobody, but was in the Government,
and they made a contract with the Lippincolts,
in Philadelphia, to print it, with an obligation to
print any additional numbers hereafter—the Har-
pers having printed the first to which I referred.
I'hen there is the Cavalry Tactics, I do not know
by whom printed—I think, however, by some-
body under contract. Then there is the Ordimncc
or Artillery Manual, including artillery tactics—
the handling of field pieces; All these tactics are
subject to be called for by the militia. I believe
no two of those books were printed at one
place. I believe there is nothing except the price
to be paid for ihem when they are purchased,
which can be expended by the Government. The
Military Laws, I recollect now, were printed in
Baltimore.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to inquire partic-
ularly in reference to the Military Laws; have
they been compiled ?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Whose compilation is it?
Mr. DAVIS. There arc two: one called Hrt-
zel's, and one Callan's. Callan's is the last, and
if 1 were procuring it, the one I should obtain.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then it is what I sup-
posed it might be from the expression of the
amendment. I can very well understand that it
may be advisable to put into the hands of the
militia these books of tactics; but I cannot under-
stand why it is advisable to put into their hands
the Army Regulations, although, perhaps, they
would be worth something; but 1 certainly can-
not understand at all why we should purchase an
edition of this compilation of the laws of the Uni-
ted States on military matters to put into their
hands; and these, I suppose, will make the largest
part ofthe books to be ordered.
Mr. DAVIS. No, sir. That matter was con-
sidered by the committee, and we thought the
military laws would be the very smallest of all.
If the Senator thinks they had better not have
them, that may be stricken out. The supposi-
tion was, that one copy to each brigade should
be furnished, so that the authority to call a gen-
eral court-martial ofthe militia should have within
that military division one copy of the military
laws by which that court-martial would be gov-
erned. That was the case.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My own opinion is that
these courts-martial do not happen very often
among the militia; and if they do, thoy do not
amount to a great deal.
