I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
181
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Popular Sovereignty—Mr. Montgomery.
Ho. of Reps.
rOPULAR SOVEREIGNTY.
SPEECH OP HON. WM. MONTGOMERY
OP PENNSYLVANIA,
V
In the House of Representatives,
March 29, 1860,
fnthe Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union, in
reply to Mr. Curry, on popular sovereignty as avowed
by Judge Douglas.
Mr. MONTGOMERY said:
Mr. Chairman: Some days since, at a time
when I was absent from this House, the gentle-
man from Alabama [Mr. Curry] delivered a
speech in which he discussed the question of pop-
ular sovereignty, and especially the views of
Judge Douglas on that question. I regret that I
was not present to hear the remarks of the hon-
orable gentleman; because, when he speaks, I
am always an attentive and instructed listener,
and because I would have at once sought the floor
to have replied. Since then I have been unre-
mitting in my efforts to secure the floor for that
purpose, and this is the earliest day at which I
could succeed.
The honorable gentleman is an able reasoner
and an elegant writer. He never attempts to
speak until he has carefully written out his re-
marks in terse old English; and then he reads
them with a clearness and power which give
him great influence, and insure for his speeches a
popularity which his industry deserves. This
very popularity, if nothing more, requires that
his remarks should be replied to. And this duty
seems especially to be demanded from me. I am
one of the delegates at large from the great State
of Pennsylvania, which recently, at the Reading
convention, reasserted its unshaken faith in the
doctrine of non-intervention by Congress in the
legislation of the Territories. And, in addition,
I am one of the northern Democratic Representa-
tives that has invariably agreed with Judge Doug-
las in the views he has held, and holds now, on
that question. I therefore, on my own responsi-
bility, and in self-defense, deem it my duty to
reply to the remarks of the honorable gentleman
from Alabama. I sincerely deprecate this dis-
cussion. I regret that the gentleman from Ala-
bama has thought proper to drag our little party
differences into discussion on the floor of Con-
gress. This is not the place in which those dif-
ferences can be adjusted. Nor is this the time,
when an active, vigilant, powerful enemy is in
the field seeking our overthrow, to stir up civil
war in our ranks. The voice of every friend of
the party and of the country should now be raised
in support of harmony, concession, and united
action. I regard this discussion as unwise, ill-
timed, and impolitic. It is an act of treason to
the best interests of the party, and gives aid and
comfort to the enemy. All such differences shofild
be referred to the great national council of the
party, which will soon assemble at Charleston,
for the adjustment and determination of such
questions. But the gentleman from Alabama has
thought proper to refuse to submit the contro-
versy to thatfribuna). He risks the consequences,
and has given the first blow; and justice to our-
selves demands that we should return it.
The gentleman from Alabama has fairly made
the issue on which the presidential nomination is
to be determined. We do not seek to disguise it;
on the contrary we proclaim it, and mean to stand
by it. Judge Douglas would scorn to obtain the
Presidency on false pretenses. He stands now
where he has stood for the last ten years—un-
changed and unchangeable. He has inscribed on
his banner the great doctrine of "non-interven-
tion by Congress in the legislation of a Territory.''
All lus opponents, on the contrary, without excep-
tion, have inscribed on theirs "intervention by
Congress to establish and protect slavery in the
Territories." That is the issue; and we are willing
to meet it here, as we will meet it at Charleston.
I desire delegates from the northern States to re-
member, that this is the issue—the only issue—
to be met in the national convention. I am re-
solved that gentlemen shall not misrepresent nor
misunderstand this matter. Judge Douglas alone
of all our candidates maintains the doctrine that
Congress shall not interfere in the legislation of a
Territory, either for or against slavery. All his
competitors take the ground that Congress has
the right, and it is ityduty, to intervene to pro-
tect slavery in the Territories wherever the Terri-
torial Legislatures neglect or refuse so to do. -
Permit me to explain what is meant by con-
gressional intervention. The honorable gentle-
man from Alabama, and those who agree with
him, hold that, under the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, the slaveholders of the South have a
right to emigrate into tjie Territories, and take
their slaves with them. And he and they hold
further, that if the people of the Territory do not
want slavery, and if their Territorial Legislature
shall neglect or refuse to pass laws to protect such
slave property, or if they pass laws either to abolish
or to discourage slavery, in any of these cases it
is the bounden duty of Congress to pass laws to
protect slavery in such Territory. If this prin-
ciple is adopted, every Territory will be given up
to slavery. There will not be one inch of soil
left to freedom.
Congressional interventionists are of two kinds.
They differ only in the kind of intervention they
demand, but not in the principle. The Republican
party is composed of interventionists. They con-
tend that it is the bounden duty of Congress to in-
tervene in the affairs of a Territory to prohibit
slavery. The southern interventionists contend
that it is the duty of Congress to intervene to pro-
tect and encourage slavery in the Territories.
These two parties agree in most rcspccts. They
both agree that it is the duty of Congress to legis-
late on the subject of slavery. They both agree
that Congress should legislate on the subject,
against the wishes of the people of a Territory.
The Republican interventionists contend that if
the people of a Territory want slavery, and if their
Legislature passes laws to establish and protect
slave property, it is the bounden duty of Con-
gress to intervene and abolish slavery. The south-
ern interventionists, on the contrary, contend that
when the people of a Territory have refused to
have slavery, it is the duty of Congress to intervene
to protect and establish slavery in such Territory.
They thus, both alike, legislate against the will of
the people. The one party would have Congress
make all our Territories free; the other would have
it make them all slave. Judge Douglas, on the
contrary, would have Congress interfere neither
for nor against slavery; but " would leave the peo-
ple of the Territory perfectly free to form and reg-
ulate their own domestic institutions in their own
way." Judge Douglas stands by the principles
enunciated in the compromise resolutions of 1850,
and in the Kansas-Nebraska act, which were i^
dorsed and approved by the Cincinnati convention
in 1856. " This is the head and front of his of-
fending," and the grounds of opposition to him.
What is the issue between us ? The gentleman
from Alabama contends that the power to legis-
late on the subject of slavery was not given to the
Territorial Legislatures, by either the compro-
mise resolutions of 1850, or by the Kansas-Ne-
braska act of 1854. I, on the contrary, contend
that the full power to legislate both for and against
slavery, was given to the Territorial Legislatures
by both of those acts. That such was incontest-
ably the intention at the time those acts were
passed: that the views of Judge Douglas on that
subject were fully, clearly, and unequivocally ex-
pressed at that time; and that he stands now pre-
cisely where he stood then. This is the issue.
4* Now to the law and the testimony."
The slavery question had been permitted to
sleep from the date of the Missouri compromise
until after Texas was annexed, which was shortly
afterwards followed by the acquisition of Utah,
New Mexico, and California. A party then
sprung up in the North, which was led by Hon.
David Wilmot, of Pennsylvania, who insisted on
annexing a proviso to the acquisition of all these
Territories, by which slavery should be forever
excluded from them. This celebrated provisowas
several times passed in the lower House of Con-
gress, but was defeated in the Senate.
Against this proviso the South earnestly pro-
tested; and every expedient which the rules of
legislation permit were then resorted to to defeat,
the attempt of David Wilmot and his party. In
1848, Judge Douglas moved in the Senate that
this vexed question should be forever settled by
extending the Missouri compromise line to the
Pacific ocean. But his laudable and praiseworthy
effort to restore peace and harmony between the
North and the South was defeated. The excite-
ment grew alarming; the hearts of the people,
North and South, were alienated from each other;
and the two sections were arrayed in open hos-
tility on this alarming question. The friends
of the Union trembled when they thought of the
consequcnccs that might ensue. This state of
affairs culminated in 1850; and the good and great
men of all parties came together in that memora-
ble year to make some safe and satisfactory ad-
justment of this vexed and dangerous question,
by which its discussion might be forever withdrawn
from the Jloor of Congress.
The great and glorious Clay had gone home
to spend the evening of his days in peace and
quiet at his own loved Ashland; but he heard
the call of his country in her agony, and he
camc back- to the Senate Chamber to unite his
voice and influence with Webster and Cass, and
Douglas and Benton,andahost of other44 immor-
tal names that were not born to die," to secure
some safe, satisfactory, and permanent adjustment
of the slavery agitation. The result of their coun-
sels was the celebrated compromise resolutions of
that year. And I now propose to show that, by
those resolutions, the full power to legislate not
only for, but against slavery, was committed to the
Territorial Legislatures; and for that purpose I
will invite the attention of the committee to some of
the various amendments proposed and discussed
at that time. Remember, however, that I am
now attempting to prove that the intention of Con-
gress was to give the full power to legislate on the
question of slavery to the Territorial Legisla-
tures.
The bill to provide temporary government for
Utah and New Mexico had been amended by the
insertion of a proviso that such "Legislatures
should pass no laws to interfere with the primary
disposal of the title to the soil, nor in respect to ^Afri-
can slavery." Southern men did not consider this
clause sufficiently explicit; and, on the 5th of
June, 1850, Mr. Berrien moved to amend the bill
by striking out "in respect to," and inserting
"establishing or prohibiting;" which was car-
ried by a vote of 30 to 27. (See Senate Journal,
p. 376.) The bill, as it there stood, clearly prohib-
ited the Territorial Legislatures from legislatingon
the subject of slavery. Subsequently, however, a
different view of the subject prevailed; and it was
resolved to give the fu'l powerof legislation to the
Territorial Legislatures, and thereby to remove
forever from the Halls of Congress this perplex-
ing question. On the 31st of July, 1850, Mr. Nor-
ris, of New Hampshire,moved to amend the bill,
line ten, section six, by striking out the words
" nor establishing or prohibiting African slavery;''
which was carried by a vote of 32 to 20.
Thus it will be seen that the restriction which
was intended to prevent the Territorial Legisla-
tures from " establishing," as well as prohibiting
slaveryt was stricken out of the bill. Against
this amendment the southern Senators generally
voted. It had been a long and hard-fought con-
test. The whole subject had been fully examined
and .discussed during its progress. Some of the
southern Senators had been most reluctant to con-
cede this important principle in regard to estab-
lishing and prohibiting slavery; but they had to
yield to the force of superior numbers. But I
must go back over the discussion to show that the
subjcct was fully discussed and clearly under-
stood. *
When the bill came up for action on the 15th
of May, Mr. Davis, of Mississippi, said:
I offer the following amendment: to strike out, in the
sixth line of the tenth section, the words4 in respect to Af-
rican slavery/ and insert the words 4 with those rights of
property growing out of the institution of African slavery
as it exists in any ot the States of the Union.' The object
of the amendment is to prevent the Territorial Legislature
from legislating against the rights of property growing out
of the institution of slavery." * * * * "It
will leave to the Territorial Legislatures those rights and
powers which are essentially necessary, not only to the
preservation of property, but to the peace of the Territory.
It wih leave the right to make such police regulations as are
necessary to prevent disorder, and which will be absolutely
necessary with such property as that to secure its beneficial
use to its owner. With this brief explanation, I submit the
amendment."
Mr. Clay, in reply to Mr. Davis, said:
41 If the object of the Senator is to provide that slave's may
