1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
had not found its way into the Globe. He wished
now to state the fact.
The roll having been called,
Mr. ETHERIDGK moved thut all further pro-
ceedings under the call be dispensed with.
Mr. WINSLOW demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it Was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 128, nays 99; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs.Charles F. Adam?, Green Adams, Adrain,
Alducli, Alley, William C. Anderson, Ashley, Babbitt,
Beale, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Brayton, Bristow, Butfin-
ton, Buriingame, Burnham. Burroughs, Butterficld, Camp-
bell, Carey, Carter, Case, Colfax, Conkling, Corwin, Co-
vode, Cox, James Craig, (Juitis, H. Winter Davis, John G.
Davis, Dawes, Delano, Duell, Dunn, Edgerton, Kdwaids,
Eliot, Ely, Etheridgc, Fains worth, Fenton, Ferry, Foster,
Frank, French, Gooch, Graham, Giow, Guiley, Hale, J.
Morrison Harris, Haskin, Hehmck, Hickman, Hoaid, Hum-
phrey, Hutchins, Irvine, Jutikin, Francis W. KeUo?s , Wil-
liam Kellogg, Kenyon, Kil?oie, Kiliimjer, DeWitt C.
Leach,Lee, Longnecker, LoomifejLovcjo^Malloi^.Maih-
ton, Charles D Mai tin, McKcan, McKnight, Mci'hcison,
Millvvard, Laban T. Mooie, Moorliead, Monill, Edward
Joy Morris, Morse, Nelson, Nixon, Olm, Palmer, Benning-
ton, Pcny, Pettit, Porter, Potter, Pottle, Puce,Christopher
Robinson, Itoyce, Schwaitz, Scranton. Sedgwick, Sher-
man, Somes, Spauldmg, tipinnei, Stevens William Stew-
art, Stokes, Stout, sfratton, Tappan, Thaver, Thcakcr,
Tompkins, Tram, Tumble, Vandever, Van Wyek, Vciree,
Wade, Waldron, Walton, Cadwaladei O.Washbuin, Ellihu
B. Washbume, 1m ael Washburn, Wells, Wilson, Wmdom,
Wood, and Woodruff—128.
NAYS—Messrs Allen,Thomas L. Anderson, A«hmore,
Avery, Barksdale, Barr, Barrett, Bocock, Bonham, Boteler,
Bouligny,Bo}'ce, Brabson, Branch, Briggs, Bui eh, Burnett,
John B. Clark, Clopton, Cobb, John Cochrane. Cooper,
Burton Craige, Crawford, Curry, Davidson, Reuben Davis,
De Jarnette, Edmundson, English, Florence, Foukc, Gar-
nett, Gartrell,Gilmei, Hamilton, Hardeman, John T. Har-
ris, Hatton, Hawkins, Hill, Hindman, Ilohnan, Houston,
Howard, Ilqghes, Jackson, Jenkins, Jones, Keitt, Kunkel,
Lamar, Landrum, Larrabce, James M. Leach, Leake, Lo-
gan, Love, Maclay, Elbert S. Maittn, Mayn.nd, McClcr-
nand, McQueen, Mcllae, Miles, Millson, Montgomery,
Sydenham Moore, Isaac N.Moiris, Niblack, Noell, Pendle-
ton, Peyton, Phelps, Prvor, t'ugli, Ciuarles Reagan, Riggs,
James C. Robinson, Itulfin, llus-t, Scott, Sickles Singleton,
William Smith, William N. II. Smith, Stevenson, James
A. Stewait, Taylor, Thomas, TJnrtenvood, Vallandigham,
Vance, Webster, Wlutoley, Window, Woodaon, and
Wright—99.
So further proceedings under the call were dis-
pensed with.
Mr.WINSLOW,(atfive minutes to one o 'clock,
p. m.) As the hour is early, and the House is
not quite full, I move, in order to give members
additional time to come m, that the House do now
adjourn; and on that motion I demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 32, nays 190; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Ashmore, Baiksdale, Bocock, Bonham,
Boteler, Branch, Burch, Clopton, John Cochrane, Cox,
John G. Davis, Edmundson, Foukc, Hamilton, Hindman,
Jones, Keitt, Kunkel, Lamar, Landrum, Larrabce, Logan,
Maclay, McQueen, McRae, Pryor., James C. Robinson,
William Smith, Taylor, Thomas, Vancc, and Wright—32.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles F Adams Gteen Adams. Ad-
rain, Aldiich, Allen, Allev, William C. Anderson, A.-hlev,
Avery, Babbitt, Barr, Banett, Bmgham, Blair, Blake, Bou-
hgnv, Boyce, Brabson, Brayton, Brigg*, Bristow, Buffinton,
Buihngame, Burnett, Bmnham. Burroughs, Butterficld,
Campbell, Caiey, Caiter, Ca«e, John B Clark, Cohl>, Col-
tax, Oonkling, Cooper, Coj win, Covode, James Craig, Bur-
ton Craige, Ciawford, Cunv, Curtis, Davidson, ii. Winter
Davis, Dawes, De Jarnette. Delano, Ducll, Dunn, Edgciton,
Edwaids Eliot, Ely,Engh-h,Ethcndge, Farnswo:th,Fen-
v ton, Feriy, Florence, Foster, Frank, French, G.irnett,
Gaitrell, Gooch, Giaham, Grow, Guiley, Hale, llaideman,
J. Motnson Ilanis, John T. Hams, Ilaskin, Ilatton, Haw-
kins, Helmick, Hickman, Hill, Hoard, Ilohnan, Houston,
Leach, LcakQ, Lee, Longnecker, Loomis, Love, Lovejov,
Malloiy, Marston, Chailes D. Mailin, Elbcn S. Martin,
Maynatd, McClernand, McKcan. McKmght, McPberson,
Miles. Milton, Milhvaid, Montgomciv, Laban T. Moore,
Sydenham Moore, Moorhcad, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris,
Isaac N. Morns, Morse, Nelson, Niblack, Nixon, Noell,
Ohn, Palmer, Pendleton, Pennington, Pony, Pettit, Pcy-
James A. Stcw„^,  ---• , . .
ton, Tappan, Thayer, Theakcr,Tompkms,! rain,I nmble,
Underwood, Vallandigbam, Vandever, \ an vVyok, \ erree,
Wad#4, Waldron,WaIton, Cadwalader C. W aslihiun. Ellihu
B. \Va<=hburne, Israel Washburn, Web.-ter, Wells, White-
ley, Wilson, Wmdom, Window, Wood, Woodiull, and
Woodson—190.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. WINSLOW. I move that the Honae pro-
ceed to vote viva voce for Speaker; and on that
motion I demand tin previous question.
Mr PHELPS. I second the previous question. |
Mr. HICKMAN. If I had been here during: 1
the afternoon of yesterday, I should have objected I
to the ballot which was then taken, for the reason
I have heretofore given,that I am perfectly satis- j
fled that, rather than conducing to an organization, i
it lias a tendency directly to procrastinate one. I
left the Hall in consequence of inability, through
indisposition, to remain here longer, and I came
into the Hall this morning with the settled determ-
ination to resist a ballot to-day; but I learn that a
general understanding was had on the afternoon
of yesterday, that balloting should proceed, with-
out interruption, for two weeks, unless an election
should be had sooner. I understand the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Etheridge,] made the dec-
laration that within that time a Speaker would be
elected. Although I do not consider myself actu-
ally bound by any arrangement made.during my
absence, which was unavoidable, and especially
as it was one that I would have objected to if I
had been present, yet I am not disposed to break
through an arrangement which was had. as it
appears, by universal consent. But I shall with-
hold my vote until I find some icason for chang-
ing the determination which I have heretofore ex-
pressed. I will not engage in what I still con-
ceive to be a ridiculous farce, and worse than
that. When my vote will be of any service to Mr.
Sherman, it can be had, and will be cast; but I
may not participate longer in the play which is
going on here.
Mr. COBB. We will excuse you from voting
during the whole session.
Mr. HICKMAN. I do not ask to be ex-
cused. When I choosc to do it, I shall withhold
my vote.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I say to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania that I know of no
such agreement as that which he speaks of. I
certainly was a party to no such agreement, and
do not consider myself bound by it.
The main question was ordered to be put; and
being put, Mr. Winslow's motion was agreed to.
THIRTY-SIXTH BALLOT FOR SPEAKER.
The House proceeded to ballot the thirty-sixth
time for Speaker, with the following result: Whole
number of votes, 226; necessary to a choice, 114;
of which—
Mr. Sherman received 109
I\Ir. Bocock  58
Mi. William N. H. Smith . 37
Mi John G. Davis  5
Mi. English  4
Mi. McClernand  3
Mi. Houston  2
Mr. Gilmer  2
Mr. Phelps  1
Mr. Taylor  1
Mi Jtiggs  1
Mi. Lanabee  1
Mi. Bovce  1
Mi. Horace I\ Clark  1
So there was iio choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Sherman—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Aldrich,
Aftey, AMiley, Babbitt, Beale, Bingham, Blau, Blake, B ay-
ton, Buffinton, BmJingamo, Burnham, Burioughs, Butter-
field, Campbell, Carey, Carter, Ca^e, Colfax, Conkling,
Cojwm, Covode, CuUis, Dawes, Delano, Ducll, Dunn,
Edgciton, Ld wauls Eliot,Ely, Farn^woith, Fenton, Feiry,
Foster, Frank, French, Gooch, Graham, Giow, Guiley,
Hale, flaskm, Helmick, Hoaid, Humphrey, Hutchins Ir-
vine. Junkm, Fiancis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Keii-
yon, Kilgoie. Killinger, DeWitt C Leach, Lee, Long-
necker, Loomis Lovojoy, Mai.^ton, McKcan, McKnight,
McPhcrson. Millward," Moorliead, Monill, Mor<c, Nixon,
Olin, Palmer, Pennington, L'eny, Pettit. PoitiM, Potter,
Pottle, Rice, Christopher Robinson, lloyce, Schwartz,
Scranton, Sedgwick, Some«, Spauldmg, Fpumcr, Stevens,
William Srewait, Stiatton. Tappan, Thaver, Thcakcr,
Tompkins, Train, Trimble, Vandever, Van Wyck, Verrec,
Wade, Waldron, Walton, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Ellihu
B. Washburne., Israel Washburn, Wells, Wilson, Windom,
Wood, and VVoodtufT.
For'Mr. Bocock—Messrs. Ashmore, Avery, Barksdale,
Barrett, Bianch, Burch, Burnett, Clopton, Cobb, John
Cochrane, Cooper, Cox, Bmton Craige, Crawford, Curry,
Davidson, Itcuben Davis, Edmundson, English, Florence,
Garnett, Gartrell, Hamilton, John T. Hams, Hawkins,
Hindman, Holman, Howaid, Hughes, Jackson, Jenkins,
Jones Kunkel, Lamar. L£mhu:n, Logan, Love, Maela\,
McClernand, MeQwen, MeRae, Miles Sydenham Mooie,
Niblack, Peyton, Pugh, Reagan, RutTm, Rust, Scott,
Sickles, Singleton, Stevenson, Thomas, Undenvood,
Whitcley, and Wright.
For Mr. William N. II. Smith—Messrs. Green Adams
Thomas L. Anderson, William C. Anderson, Bonham,
Boteler, Bouhgny, Brabson, Briggs Bristow, John B. C'iaik,
James Craig, De Jarnette, Etheiidge, Gilmer, Hardeman,
J. Morn-'on Harris Hatton. Hill, Keitt, James M. Leach,
Leake, Mallory, Elbert S. Maitin, Maynaid, Million. La-
ban T. Mooie, Edwaid Joy Morris, Nelson, Noe'l. Pryor.
Q.uaile>, William Smith, Stokes,Taylor, Vance, Webster,
and Woodson.
For Mr, John G. Davis—Messrs. Allen, Barr, Montgom-
ery, Isaac N. Morris, and Riggs.
Fjt Mr- English—Messrs. Houston, Phelps, James A.
Stewart, and Winslow.
For Mr. McClernand—Messrs. Bocock, John G. Davis,
and Pendleton.
For Mr. Houston—Messrs. Larrabce and Charles D. Mar-
tin.
For Mr. Gilmer-—Messrs. II. Winter Davis and William
N. H. Smith.
For Mr. Phelps—Mi. Stout.
For Mr. Taylor—Mr. Foukc.
For Mr. Riggs—Mr. Horace F. Clark.
.For Mr. Larrabce—Mr. Jaines C. Robinson.
For Mr. Boycc—Mr. Valiandigham.
For Mr. Horace F. Clark—Mi. Adrain.
During the above ballot,
Mr. HAMILTON, when his name was called,
said: By the permission of the House, I propose,
in a very few remarks, to give tlie reasons for the
vote I now propose to east. I know not how
many gentlemen of the House of Representatives
came here with the expectation of being Speaker;
but I know at least one who came here without
any such hope or thought. My friends, however,
thought proper to put my name in nomination
before the House for the office of Speaker. For
that, I am profoundly thankful, and ought to be
still more so for the very flattering vote I received
upon that nomination. I felt at the time,asl now
feel, that it was not in deference to my personal
merits; and, least of all, to any supposed fitness
that I presented for so distinguished a position;
but purely and solely, I imagined, on account of
the belief that I occupied a political position that
would enable* the discordant elements upon this
side of the House to effect a union.
Viewing the matter in that light, I have to thank
gentlemen who cast their votes for me, in the name
of our common country, for that exhibition of
patriotism, because 1 well know that it was on
account of their devotion to principle, and of the
ardent desire felt on this side of the House to
make head against a common political enemy, that
my name was thus favorably received. To be con-
sideied, sir, worthy, under any circumstances, to
preside over this distinguished body, is an honor
that 1 cannot be insensible of. I beg, therefore,
to present my sincere thanks to those who cast
their votes for me during the ballotingsthat have
been had since my nomination. Believing that
my name will not further conduce to the harmony
of the different elements here, and that its further
use will not do any good in making head against
those who straggle for Black Republicanism, I
will, with the consent of the gentleman who put
it before the House, now withdraw it, tendering,
as I nave already done, a gratitude for the honor
much more than language can express.
When t reflect, that such an exhibition of pa-
triotism can be made for one so unworthy and
unfitted for the position as I am, I am led to believe,
that there is here a ripening determination to have
a united effort of this side against those wo con-
ceive to be the enemies of the country and the
Constitution. I desire not to deal in harsh lan-
guage, but I will say one thing which may be
deemed rash. Much has been said of the Union
and love for the Union 011 one hand, and much of
the Union and dissolution of the Union on the
other. I am not about to proceed to give my views
upon the merits of questions that have been dis-
cussed during the session; I content myself with
making this remark, though it grate harshly upon
the cars of some, that whatever love may be ex-
cited for the Union on the one hand, arid what-
ever may be declared on the other 111 reference
to its disruption; whatever may bo said by some
to maintain it at all hazards, I believe that a dis-
solution of the Union is this day upon us. The
Union, sir, is being dissolved now. It may be
in the power of the conservative elements of this
House to arrest it; but that cannot be done by the
election of a Black Republican Speaker. I believe
that I represent as conservative a constituency as
any gentleman upon this floor; a people who are
as devoted to the Union; a people, sir, who have,
I think, manifested that devotion by as much lib-
erality and unselfishness, by yielding up what no
other State 111 this Union has yielded, a separate-
and independent nationality in order to participate
in this Confederacy which we all profess so much
to love; and yet that same State, that same people
are now solemnly resolving that it is better tnat
the win 'els of Government should be arrested
where they are to-dav, and 110 organization ever
effected, than that the candidate of the Republican
