1624
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
power unparalleled in the history of the Congress
of the United States.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I should like to
know whether the gentleman from Pennsylvania
desires the floor for the purpose of opening de-
bate, or for the purpose of moving to postpone?
Mr. COVODE. I wish it for the purpose of
opening: debate and of explaining my reason for
asking a postponement.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I ask the privilege
of being allowed to read to the Chair an extract
from Barclay's Digest.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will be glad to
hear it.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. We may
as well bring this to an end.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has already de-
cided to hear the extract read.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I call the
gentleman from Ohio to order.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I call the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania to order. [Laughter.]
The Chair states that he will be glad to hear the
extract read.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. The Chair
has already decided that my colleague [Mr. Oo-
vode] is entitled to the floor; and unless a gentle-
man appeals from that decision, he has no right
to take the floor from my colleague on a question
of order.
Mr. WINSLOW. I have appealed from the
decision of the Chair.
_ Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The Chair has the
right to hear a member.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear the gen-
tleman from Ohio read the extract he proposes
to read.
Mr. BURNETT. I object to the gentleman
from Ohio proceeding until order is restored in
the Hull.
Order having been restored,
Mr. yALL AN D1GIIAM. By the leave of
the Chair, I propose to read an extract from a j
book which this House has oidered to be printed i
along with the rules of the body. I read from j
page (34 of Barclay's Digest: |
" By parliamentary courtesy, tho member on whose mo- j
tion a subjoin in brought bul'oie tho House in fir*t entitled :
to the floor. (Journal second t-ession Thhtteth Congress,
p. 247.) So, too, it is the invariable piacticelbr tho Speaker,
at every new «t;igeof a hill or proportion, to recognize Inst
the member who has had charge ol it; but to bo entitled to
such recognition, he must, in nil ca^es, be a cl.uimwit I'm
the floor at the same time with others."
Now, as I undeistand it, the gentleman from
North Carolina (Mr. Wi.vsi.ow] had the floor.
Mr. COVODE. Mr. Speaker, have I theiloor>
Tho SPEAKER. The gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Winsi.ow] takes an appeal from
the decision of the Chair.
Mr. ADRAIN. I move to lay the appeal on
the table.
Mr. BRANCH. Has the Chair decided my
point of order r It was, that the gentleman from
Pennsylvania had already exercised his right to
open tho debaie.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has decided ex-
pressly that the gentleman from Pennsylvania
cannot be deprived of his right of opening this
question by what has transpired. From that de-
cision the gentleman from North Carolina takes
an appeal.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. What is the ob-
jection to the gentleman from Pennsylvania open-
ing the debate? [Cries of " Question !" " Ques-
tion I""]
Mr. BINGHAM. I object to debate.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the mo-
tion of the gentleman from New Jersey, to lay tho
appeal on the table.
Mr. WINSLOW. On that motion i call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken, and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 125, nays o9; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles F. Adaivn, Green Adams, Ad-
ruin, Aldncli, Alley, Thomas L. Amici^on, William C.
Anderson, Babbitt, Barrett, Bealo, Bingham, Blair, Blake,
Bocoek, Brabson, Branch, Brajton, Bngg*, Bri*to\v, Buf-
fmton. Bmlingiimc, Butteifield, Carter. Hoiace F. Clark,
Colfax, Conklm«, Cooper, Coiwin, Covode, Cox, James
Craig, Cum?, II. Winter Davis, Dawes, Delano, Duell,
Dunn, Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, English, Etheridgc,
Farnsworth, Fcrrv, Foster, Frank, French, Gilmer, Gooch,
Grow, GurJcy, Hale, Hall, John T. Harris, Ha&km, Hatton,
Helmtck, Hickman, Hill, Howard, Humphrey, Ilutchins,
Junkin, Frauds W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Kenyon,
Kilgore. James M. Leach, Lee, Lon^nccker, Loomis, Love-
joy. Mallory, Maiston, Mayna.d, MeKean, McKiught,Mc-
Pherson, Millson, Motrill, Morse, Nelson, Nixon, Noell,
Olin, Perry, Pettir, Porter, Potter, Pottle, Pryor, Ilice,
Christopher Robinson, Royce, Itust, Schwartz, Scranton,
Sedgwick, Sherman, Sickles, William N. II. Smith,
Spaukling, Spinner, Stanton, Stevens, William Stewart,
Stokes, Stiatton, Tappan,Thayer, Tompkins, Tiain,Tiim-
ble, Vandever, Van Wyck, Waldion, Walton, Oadwalader
C. Washburn, Israel Washburn, Webster, Wells, Wilson,
Wmdom, and Woodiufif— 12o.
NAYS—Messrs. Allmi, Barksdale, Barr, Bonliam, Bou-
ligny, Burch, Burnett, John B.Clark, Clopton, Cobb, John
Cochrane, Burton Craigc.Ciawford, Curry, Davidson, Ed-
mundson, Florence, Fouke, Garnett, Gartiell, Hardeman,
Ilmdman, Ilolman, Houston, Hughes, Jackson, Jenkins,
Jone.3, Keitt, Lamar, Lairabee, Leake, Logan, Love,
Charles D. Maitin, McQueen, Mcllae, Miles, Sydenham
Moore, Isaac N. Morris, Nibluckj Pendleton. Phclp.s, Pugh,
Quailes,Reagan, James C.Ilobinson, Ruffin, Scott, Simms,
Sin«;leton, Si dlworth, Stevenson, Taylor, Thomas, Uudei-
v/ood, Vallandigham, WhiteJey, and Winslow—39.
So the appeal from the decision of the Chair was
laid on the table.
During the vote,
Mr. KILGORE stated that his colleague, Mr.
Casu, was paired off with Mr. Landrum.
Mr. McPHERSON stated that his colleague,
Mr. Kjllinger, was paired off.
Mr. HOARD stated that if he had been within
the bar when his name was called he would have
voted " ay."
The vote was announced, as above recorded.
Mr. COVODE addressed the Chair.
Mr. HICKMAN. I trust the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will give way to me one moment,
in order that I may say a word in reference to this
report, which I propose to have read.
Mr. SINGLETON, Mr. WINSLOW, and
otheis, objected.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Covode] cannot yield the floor to
another, if objection be made.
Mr. COVODE. This was the great object that
I had in view, on Friday last, [a voice from the
Democratic benches, "Not a doubt of it!"] m
having this matter postponed to a later day. It
was to allow the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Air. Hickman] to get in the report of tho Judi-
ciary Committee, which, as I said before, would
cover the whole ground of the legal question in
tins mutter.
Mr. WINSLOW. Will my colleague on the
committee [Mr. Covode] allow me 
Mr. IHCKMAN. 1 object. The gentleman
objected to my colleague yielding to me.
Air. WINSLOW. The gentleman has no right
to object.
Air. COVODE. Reforo I submit the motion to
postpone, I will state, as many gentlemen appear
not to understand this question at all  j
Mr. BRANCH Do hmderstand,Mr.Speaker, j
that the gentleman from Pennsylvania is now ex- j
eicising his li^ht to open the debate, and that he j
cannot hereafter claim that right? j
Mr. COVODE. I desire to state that it is j
brc(iuse the names of officers of the Government j
appear in tho list which Mr. Schcll refuses to pre- I
sent, that we want thelistjand not because of the i
names of private citizens appearing in it. I now !
move to postpone the consideration of this subject 1
till Thuisday week; and on that 1 mo\c the pre- j
vious tmestion. ;
Mr. WINSLOW. My colleague on the com- i
mittee will allow me to interrupt him a moment, i
Mr. HICKMAN. I shall object to discussion, !
Mr. COVODE. I call the previous question. I
Mr. LEAKE. I move that there be a call of I
the House; and on that motion I call for the yeas 1
and nays. i
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to know '
what the question is. The gentleman calls the
previous question on what I do not understand.
Mr. COVODE. I made a motion, and called
the previous question on it.
Mr. WINSLOW. What motion > !
The SPEAKER,. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Co \ ode] having the floor, mo\es
to postpone the report till Thursday week; and
on that motion he calls the previous question.
Mr. WINSLOW. Allow me to make a re-
mark, not to the merits of the question, hut in
justice to myself. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Air. Hickman] made an appeal to me to
allow him to introduce his report, and have it read
and ordered to be. printed. I said to him twice
that I had no objection in the world to his intro-
ducing his report and having it printed. But the
gentleman, for some reason that is unknown to
me, insisted on the reading of his report. Per-
haps the House should know what that reason is;
and if the gentleman tells us why he wants his
report read, we may vote differently on this side
of the House. Now, I ask the gentleman why he
wants it read now, when such a course is so un-
usual ?
Mr. HICKMAN. I am perfectly willing to
answer the question. [Calls to order.]
The question being on Mr. Leake's motion for
a call of the House, the yeas and nays were or-
dered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 74, nays 109; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Thomas L. Anderson, Barksdale,
Bocock, Bonham, Boteler, Bouhgny, Hiabson, Bianch,
Burch, Burnett, Horace F. Clark, John B. Clatk, Clopton,
Cobb, John Cochrane, Cooper, Cox, Bui ton Craige, Craw-
ford, Cuny, Edmundson, English, Florence, Fouke, Gar-
trcll, Hamilton, Hardeman. JohnT. Harris, Ilawkms, Hind-
man, Hohnan, Houston, Howard, Hughes, Jackson, Jen-
kins, Jones, Kcitt, Kilgorc, Lamar, Larrnbee, Leake,
Logan, Love, Chailcs I). Maitin, McQueen,McRae, Miles,
Montgomery, Sydenham Moore, Niblack, 'Noell, Pugh,
&uaiies, Reagan, Ruffin, Rus-t, Scott, Sickles, Simnis, Sin-
gleton, William Smith, William N. H. Smith, Stall worth,
Stevenson, Stout, Thomas Undcnvood, Vallandigham,
Vance, Whitelcy, Winslow, and Woodson—7-1.
NAYS—Mosms. Chaiie* F. Adam*, Greeu Adams, Ad-
rain, Alley, William C. Anderson, Ashley, Babbitt, Beale,
Bingham, Blair, Blake, Btayton,IJuggs, iluffinton, Burlin-
gamc, Buttcrfield, Campbell, Carey, Carter, Colfax, Conk-
ling, Coiwin, Covode, Curtis, Davidson, II. Winter Davis,
Dawes, Delano, Duel!, Dunn, Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot,
Ely, Etherulgo, Farnswouh, Feriy, Foster, Frank, French,
Gilmer,Gooch, Giow,Guiley, Hale, Hall, Haskin, Hatton,
Ilelmick, Hickman, Hoard, Humphrey, Ilutchins, Junkin,
Kcnyon, DeWitt C. Leach, James M. Leach, Lee, Loo-
mis, Love]oy,Marston,Maynard,McKean, Mcknight, Mc-
pherson, Million, Moorhead, Morrill, Isaac N. Moiris,
Morse, Nelson, Nixon, Olin,Pendleton, Peiry,Portci,Pot-
ter, l'ottle, Uice, Christophei Robinson, Royce, Schwaitz,
Scianton, Sedgwick, Sherman, Spauldtng, Spinner, Stan-
ton, Stevens, William Stewart, Stokes, Stiatton,Tappan,
Taylor, Thayer, Thcakcr, Tompkins, Train, Trimble, Van
Wyck, Waldron, Walton, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Is-
rael Washburn, Webster, Wells, Wilson, Wmdom, and
Woodruff—109.
So the House refused to order a call.
During the vote,
Mr. BARR, when his name was called, said:
I do not know about the necessity for a call of
the House, and I therefore ask to be excused from
voting.
Mr. SINGLETON. I call for the yeas and
nays on the question on excusing the gentleman
from New York.
The SPEAKER. By an express rule of the
House, it is not in order for a gentleman to ask
to be excused from voting after the call of tho roll
has commenced.
Mr. MILES, when his name was called, said:
Before voting upon this motion, I would like to
ask the chairman of the Committee on the Judi-
ciary whether there is any truth in the rumor,
which is buzzing about upon this side of the
House and influencing the votes of members, that
his report on the President's protest has been sent
on to some of the New York papers, and is now
probably in print?
Mr. HICKMAN. I have no secret which I
wish to conceal in regard to this matter. I state
that copies of that report have been sent on to
New York, with the express injunction that they
shall not be published until it is made to the
House.
Mr. MILES. Was the-minority report sent
also ?
Mr. HICKMAN. I have done this in accord-
ance wtih the precedent which has been set by
this House and by the President of the United
States himself. Copies were sent with the express
understanding, and under the injunction, that the
report should not be published anywhere until it
was made to this House, and I am anxious now to
make it. I wish to state while I am up, for the
simple reason that when this message of the Pres-
ident was communicated to the House and referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, the members
of the House were anxious that that committee
should report upon it at an eaily day.
I will state that 1 have spent seven hours' labor
on this report, for the purpose of getting it before
the House at the earliest moment; and I desire
now to make it. And I will state to gentlemen,
in order that they may understand the whole mat-
ter, that my wish is merely to have it read and
ordered to be printed. It is then my purpose to
ask that the consideration of the report shall be
