1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1625
postponed to a day that will suit the convenience
of the House.
Mr. LEAKE. I would ask the gentleman if
he has not already taken the proper steps to have
the report printed?
Mr. MILES. He said so just now.
Mr. LEAKE. I understand that he says he
has, so that ins argument falls to the ground.
Mr. HICKMAN. I do not intend that any-
thing shall be concealed. I am not only willing
to state everything, but I prefer to state it. I say
now, that my report is in type in the public print-
ing office, in the hands of the Public Printer.
Mr. HINDMAN. Will the gentleman- state
if it is in type elsewhere?
Mr. HICKMAN. It is not in type anywhere
else that I know of. I have stated the whole
matter. It was set in type here by the Public
Printer. Copies were printed off for me, which
were sent to New York, under the injunction that
they should not be used there until the report was
made to the House; and I presume the telegraphic
reporters of the papers, to whom those copies
were furnished, will take care that it shall not be
printed until it is delivered here. If it should be
printed before that time, it will be abrcach of the
confidence which I have reposed in them.
Mr. BRANCH. I would hko to ask the chair-
man of the Committee oil the Judiciary whether
that committee authorized him to place this report
in the hands of the editors of newspapers in New
York before it was laid before this House?
Mr. HICKMAN. I \fill state, in answer to
the gentleman's inquiry, that a majority of the
Committee on the Judiciary, after they knew
what the report contained, were apprised of the
fact that I proposed to send it off immediately to
the New York papers, and no objection was made
by the majority of the committee.
Mr. BRANCH. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman whether that fact was brought to the at-
tention of the Committee on the Judiciary whilst
that committee was m session, or whether it was
only privately submitted to a portion of the mem-
bers of the committee?
Mr. HICKMAN. It was not brought before
the Committee 011 the Judiciary at one of its reg-
ular sittings.
Mr. HINDMAN. Or at any meeting?
Mr. HICKMAN. Yes, sir; it was brought
before the majority of the committee, convened
by me, on Friday last.
Mr. HINDMAN. Was the committee con-
vened by you on that occasion, or only a portion
—the majority of the committee?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I rise to jx.
question of order. All this discussion is out of
order during the roll-call. >,
Mr. HOUSTON. As a member of the Com- ^
mittec on the Judiciary, I desire to say  ■!
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Wc know that \\
it is the common practice for members of a com- 1
mittee to have their reports printed before submit- |
ting them to the House. j
Mr. CRAIGE,of North Carolina. Itisagross ,
breach of privilege if they do. !
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Gentlemen op- |
posite cannot have a monopoly of sending reports, :
&c., to New York iu advance of their being pre- ,
sented to the House. All of this discussion is out j
of order during the roll-call. j
Mr. HOUSTON. I take it for granted that the |
gentleman from Maine knows that it is not the
common practice for committees to send their re- j
ports to the newspapers before they arc presented \
to the House. \
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I believe that-j
it is the common practice in important cases. j
Mr. HOUSTON. I take upon myself to say ;
that it has not been the practice. <
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to a question of j
order. I insist that the roll-call be continued.
Mr. MILES. I desire to ask the Chair who is
enti'led to the floor? I claim it.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to know of the chair-
man of the Committee on the Judiciary, who
says that he submitted 
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I insist on my point
of order.
The SPEAKER. The question about the re-
port of the Judiciary Committee is not now before j
the House.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I insist that the roll
shall be called.
The SPEAKER. The Chair indulged the gen-
tleman from South Carolina in asking a question;
but it ought to stop there.
Mr. HICKMAN. I prefer myself that the
inquiry of the gentleman from Alabama should
be made now.
Mr. HOUSTON. I was sure that the chair-
man of the Committee on the Judiciary would be
willing that it.should be done. It seems that
there has been a meeting of the Judiciary Com-
mittee, at which the chairman was authorized to
send his report to the newspapers. I desire to
know what members*were invited to that meeting
of the committee ?
The SPEAX£ER. The Clerk will proceed with
the roll-call.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would like to know who
was invited to that meeting of the committee?
Mr. HINDMAN. Has not the gentleman from
Alabama a right to ask a question of the chairman
of his committee?
Mr. ADRAIN. Is this debate in order, if any
one objects to it?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order, and the
Chair has so stated. The Clerk will proceed with
the roll-call.
The Clerk again called the name of William
Porciier Miles.
Mr. MILES. Before casting my vote on the
question now before the House 
Mr. FARNSWORTH. i insist on my point
of order.
Mr. MILES. I ask the permission of the
House to state the reasons for the vote 1 am about
to give.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection?
Mr. FARNSWORTH and other objected.
Mr. HICKMAN. I trust no objection will be
made.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made, and the
Clerk must go on with the call of the roll.
Mr. HINDMAN. On what question is the
roll being called ?
The SPEAKER. The question is on the mo-
tion that there be a call of the House.
Mr. MILES. Well, I do not consider that any
committee have a right—whatever may have been
the practicc—to make public a report until it has
been submitted to the House.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I call the gentleman
to order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to ask the chairman
of the Committee on the Judiciary if that commit-
tee ordered the report to be made until this morn-
ing? [Cries of "Order!" "Order!"]
Mr. MILES. I vote, "ay."
Mr. HICKMAN. I trust the House will al-
low me to respond to the inquiry which has been
made. [Loud cries of "Order!" "Order!"]
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama. I desire to ask the
gentiemanfrom Pennsylvania a question. [Shouts
of "Order!" from the Republican side.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair will not permit
fuither interruptions during the call of the roll.
Mr. BARR. I would suggest that the gentle-
men over there who call "order" so loud, come
to order themselves by taking their seats. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. RIGGS stated that he had paired with Mr.
Verkee.
The vote was then announced, as above recorded.
Mr.COVODE. I now insist on the demand for
the previous question on the motion to postpone.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Would it
be in order for me to move to recommit this
report?
The SPEAKER. Not pending the demand for
the previous question on the motion to postpone.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, I would
suggest to my colleague whether it is not best to
withdraw his demand for the previous question,
and allow me to move to recommit. I will renew
the demand for the previous question.
Mr. COX. What is the object of the gentle-
man in moving to recommit ?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I shall event-
ually make that motion anyhow.
Mr. COYODE. If it is the wish of the House,
I will withdraw the motion to postpone.
Mr. COX. I object to the withdrawal, unless
the gentleman states what is the object in recom-
mit ting this report.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has the right
to withdraw the motion.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I move to
recommit the report, and callfor the previousques-
tion upon the motion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be now put:.
The question being on the motion to recommit,
Mr. HOUSTON called for the yeas and nays..
The yeas and ntiys were ordered. >
Mr. FLORENCE. As I cannot see any,reason
why this report should be recommitted, I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to allow my col-
league to state his reasons for making the motion.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I call the
gentleman to order. [Laughter.]
Mr. FLORENCE. If the gentleman does not
explain, I shall be compelled to vote against the
motion.
The question was taken on the motion of Mr.
Stevens, of Pennsylvania; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 105, nays 80; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Green Adams, Ad-
raiu, AJdrich, Alley, William C. Anderson, Ashley, Babbitt,
Beule, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Bouhgny, Brayton, Bristovv,
Buffinton, Burlingame, Butterfield, Campbell, Carey, Car-
ter, Horace F. Clark, Colfax, Conkling, Corwin, Covode,
Cuitis, Dawes, Delano, Dueli, l>unn, Edgerton, Edwards,
Eliot, Ely, Etheridge, Ferry, Foster, Frank, French, Goocli,
Grow, Gurlcy, Hale, Hall, Hasfcin, Helmiek, Hickman,
Hoard, Humphrey, Hutcliins, Junkln, Francis W. Kellogg,
William Kellogg, ICenyon, IOlgore, De Witt C. Leach,
Lee, Longnecker, Loomis, Lovejoy, Mallory, Mnraton, Mc~
Kcan, McKnight, Mcpherson, Moorhead, Morrill, Morse,.
Nelson, Nixon, Olin, Perry, Petut, Porter, Potter, Rice,'
Chiistopher Robinson, Royce, Schwartz, Seranton, Sedg-
wick, Sherman, Spaulding, Spinner, Stevens, William
Stewart, Stokes, Stratton, Tappan, Thayer, Theaker,
Tompkms, Ti nnblc, Vandever, Van Wyck, Waldron, Wal-
ton, CadwaladerC. Washburn, Israel Washburn, Webster,
Wells, Wilson, Windom,and Woodruff—105.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Thomas L. Anderson, Ashmore,
Bai kfrrtalw, Barr, Barrett, Boeock, Bonhain, Boteler, Boyce,
Brabson, Branch, Briggs, Burch, John B. Clark, Clopton,
Cobb, John Cochrane, Cooper, Cox, James Craig, Craw-
ford, Edmundson, Florence, Fouke, GartrelJ, Hardeman,
John T. Harris, Hatton, Hawkins, Htndman, Holman,
Houston, Howard, Hushes, Jackson, Jenkins, Jones, Keitt,
Lamar, Larrabee, Leake, Lo<*an,Love,Chailes D. Martin,
Maynard, McQueen, MeRae, Miles, Millson, Montgomery,
Sydenham Moore, Niblack, Noell, Pendleton, Piyor, Pugh,
Ciuarles, Reagan, James C. Robinson, Ruffin, Rust, Scott,
Sickles, Simms, William Smith, William N. H. Smith,
Stailvvorth, Stanton, Stevenson, Stout, Taylor, Thomas,
Train, Underwood,Valianuigham, Vance,Whiteley, Wins-~
low, and Woodson—80.
So the report was recommitted to the special
committee.
During the vote,
Mr. POTTLE stated that he had paired with
Mr. English.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, stated that liis col-
league, Mr. Washburne, was detained from the
House by severe indisposition.
Mr. FARNSWORTH stated that he had paired
with Mr. Hamilton on these questions.
The vote was then announced, as above recorded
PROTEST OF THE PRESIDENT.
Mr. HICKMAN. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I wish to enter a
motion to reconsider the vote just taken, by wheh
the report was recommitted.
The SPEAKER. The motion will be entered.
Mr. HICKMAN. I propose'now to make the
report of the Committee on the Judiciary on the
late spccial message of the President; and I ask the
privilege of the House to read it myself.
Mr. HOUSTON. I suppose the gentleman will
allow the reports of the minority also to be made.
Mr. HICKMAN. I will read the report of the
majority, and then the gentleman can present his
report, and read it.
Mr. HOUSTON. It will take but a minute.
I desire to say, in presenting the minority reports,
that myfiiend from Louisiana [Mr. Taylor] and
myself are the minority of the committee; but on
account of the very short period of time that was
allowed us to prepare a minority report, and
the distance between his residence and mine, we
found it impossible to get together in order to
write and prepare a joint report; and the conse-
quence has been that, while we agree fully in our
views and with the positions of the President, each
of us has prepared a report, which we ask the
House to receive. 1 now present mine, sustain-
ing the views embodied in the special message of
the President.
Mr. MAYNARD. Before the gentleman com-
mences the reading of his report, 1 ask whether
it is his intention that a vote shall be taken on his
report to-day?
