I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
183
36th Coxg....1st Sess.
Popular Sovereignty—Mr. Montgomery.
Ho. of Reps.
quivocdlly denied. All we ask or want are our
constitutional rights.
Alt*. MONTGOMERY. It is true, as the hon-
orable gentleman from Georgia says?, the words
" subject only to the Constitution of the United
States" were inserted because, during the debate,
it was contended by some southern statesmen
that, under the Constitution of the United States,
slavery could not be abolished by -the Territorial
Legislatures. And it is also true that another sec-
tion of the Kansas and Nebraska act gives a right
of appeal to the Supreme Court of the United
States m all eases involving questions of personal
freedom of slaves. But all this incontcstably shows
just what I contend for—that Congress intended,
when these acts were passed, to give the whole
power of legislation on the subject of slavery to
the Territorial Legislatures," subject only to the
Constitution of the United States."
But the honorablegcntleman from Georgia [Mr.
Crawford] contends that the Supreme Court has
decided, in the Drcd Scott case, that a Territorial
Legislature has not the power to abolish slavery.
With all respcct to the honorable gentleman, I
deny it. No such question arose in the Drod
Scott rase; and itcould not be decided. But I deny
that the court ever gave a dictum in that ease
which would show that they held any such opin-
ion. The Supreme Court never have so decided,
and I think they never can so decide.
But it I were to admit that the Supreme Court
had so decidcd, it would only show how uncalled
for the speech of the honorable gentleman from
Alabama was against Judge Douglas. If this
Question has been settled and determined, what
ifFerence what the views of Judge Douglas may
be? lie cannot change it, nor reverse it.
Mr. LAMAR. I will tell the gentleman why
we need to speak upon this question. It is because
Judge Douglas has said that no matter what the
court may say, the right of the people to exclude
the institution of slavery was perfect and com-
plete. That is what we complain of; that after he
had pledged himself here that he would abide the
decision of the court, upon the hustings of Illinois
he declared that no matter what the court might
decide, the right of the people is perfect and com-
plete, by unfriendly legislation, to exclude the in-
stitution.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I assure the honorable
gentleman from Mississippi he is entirely mis-
taken; Judge Douglas never made any such state-
ment. Judge Douglas has consistently and uni-
formly said that he would submit to and faithfully
carry out the decision of the Supreme Court—not
only on that subjcct, but on all others. He is far
too true a patriot and too good a citizen to utter
any such sentiment. I will read the gentleman
what Judge Douglas has said, and now says, on
that subject. In his rejoinder to Judge Black, he
says, on page 6:
" Whenever a ca«e shall arise under those or any other
teiritonal enactment-, affecting slave property or personal
fieedom in the Toutones, and the Supreme Court of tin;
United tftatci shall decide the question, I thai! fee! myself
bound to raped end obey the decision, and assist in carrying
it into effect in good J auk."
That is his pledge; and my word for it, he
will carry it out. He never yet has broken his
plighted word, and he never will.
Mr. LAMAR. That is from his article, but
in a speech in Illinois he said the right of the
people was perfect and complete, no matter what
the court decided.
Mr. ROBINSON, of Illinois. What speech?
Mr. LAMAR. In his Frccport speech. He
pledged himself in the Senate of the United States
to abide by judicial decision; but when he went
before the Free-soilers of Illinois, he told them
that the right of a Territory was perfect and com-
plete.
Mr. HINDMAN sought the floor.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I must decline posi-
tively to yield further—not from any discourtesy
to the gentleman, but because I have not time, ff
the committee will extend the time, I am loody
to discuss the matter for a week, if gentlemen
wish it.
Now, sir, without any discourtesy to the gen-
tleman from Mississippi, there is a difference of
opinion between us. I say he can produce no
such speech made by Judge Douglas, which was
ever published by the Democratic party. It may
be that some person has published a speech, in
which such language has been put in Judge Doug-
las's mouth; but I assure the gentleman, Judge
Douglas never uttered such a sentiment in his
life. He stands upon the decision of the Supremo
Court; and i say that the Supreme Court never
did, and I believe they never will, decide any such
doctrine as that for which the gentleman from
Alabama, and those who agree with him, contend.
I have been drawn from my line of argument
by the repeated interruptions with which I have
been assailed, and I must go back and take up
the thread of my discourse where I left off. I
have now shown that the principle of non-inter-
vention adopted by the compromise resolutions of
1850 was embodied, enlarged, and extended by
the Kansas-Nebraska act. I have shown that
Judge Douglas then declared his intention to give
the power of legislation on this subject of slavery
to the Territorial Legislatures alone; that Con-
gress gave up all right over the subject; and that
this amendment was supported by almost a united
South, and especially by the Representatives from
Alabama. Before I leave that subject, I propose
to discuss a clause in the Kansas-Nebraska bill.
The language is, that the " Territorial Legislature
shall have legislative power over all rightful sub-
jects of legislation, subjectonly to the Constitution
of the United States.*' The Territorial Legisla-
tures had power to legislate then "on all rightful
subjects of legislation." Has slavery not been
deemed a righful subject of legislation? Was it
everdenied that a legislative body could cither es-
tablish or abolish slavery ? I think not. If sla-
very is not a "rightful subject of legislation,"
then all our acts abolishing slavery are void, and
slavery still exists mall the northern States. And
if slavery is a rightful subject of legislation, then,
incontcstably, it was the intention of Congress to
give the power not only to establish, hnUo abol-
ish, slavery in the Territories. Wiilany man con-
tend that southern Representatives, when they
voted for that bill, did nut know that slavery was
always admitted to be " a rightful subject of "legis-
lation?" I think no one would stultify himself
by denying it. If, then, this was known, it can
admit of no contest that it was the intention of
Congress to give the full and entire power over
the subject of slavery to the Territorial Legisla-
tures. Nor does the proof cease here. In 1856,
the great Democratic national convention which as-
sembled at Cincinnati indorsed and approved this
doctrine of non-intervention in language so clear
and unequivocal that it leaves no possibil ity of
doubt on the subject. The resolution is as fol-
lows:
Thr American Democracy locognizo and adopt the prin-
ciples contained m the oiganic law? establishing the Terri-
toiies of Kansas and Nebiaska as embodying the'only sound
and safe solution of tbo ' slavery question,5 upon winch the
great national idea of the people ol this whole country can
repose in its doteumncd con&civatism of the Union—non-
intcrfeicncc by Congress with slavery in State and Terri-
tory, or in the District of Cilumlua.
'• That tnis w;h the basis of tho compromise-; of 1850,
confirmed by both the Demociatie and Wing parties m
national convention.-.—ratified by the people in the election
of j and rightl\ apnhed to the organization of the Ter-
iitones m 1 So-\; thatb\ the umioim application of this Dem-
ocratic puncipb' to the oig.mUauon ofTeuitories and to the
admission of new States, with or without domestic slavery
as they may elect, the equal rights of all will be preseivcd
intact—the original compacts of the Constitution main-
tained inviolate—and the perpetuity and expansion ot this
Union in.-uied to its utmost capacity ofenibracm;; m peace
and harmony ony futuie American State that may be con-
stituted oi annexed with a republican ^ormofgovcinment.J,
To that resolution the whole Democratic party
was bound, North and South. We in Pennsyl-
vania stood pledged to it; you in Alabama and
Georgia and Mississippi wore pledged to it. Wo
in Pennsylvania, a few days since, declared our
"unalterable devotion to, and faith m," that plat-
form. Why cannot Alabama do the same? Who
has changed ? Certainly we have not; wc stan<^
now where we stood then. I leave the gentleman
from Alabama to solve that question.
But I am unwilling to permit this subject to pass
from me until I show that southern members have
not only been committed to this doctrine of non-in-
tervention by the action oi'national conventions,
and by their votes for Pierce and King, and Bu-
chanan and Breckinridge; but I will go further,
and show that they have been commilled to it by
their votes for officers of Congress for years past. ;
On the 12th day of January, 1856, a contest was
going on in this House for the election of Speaker.
Mr. Richardson and Mr* Banks were the rival
candidates. On that day, Mr. Bingiiam, of Ohio,
propounded certain interrogatories to Mr. Rich-
ardson. The third interrogatory was as follows:
"Am f rightinsupposirigthat his theory is, that the Con-
stitution of the United States does not carry slavery to, and
piotoct it in, the Territories of the United States ? That in
the territory acquired from Mexico and France (including
Kansas and Nebraska) the Missouri restriction was ncees-
saiy to make the territory free, beeauscslavery existed there
under Fiance at the time of the acquisition ; but that the
Kansas and Nebraska bill, which repeals that restriction,
but neither legislates slavery into those Territories nor ex-
cludes it therefrom, in ins opinion, leavesthose Territories
without either local or constitutional law protecting sla-
very ; and that therefore the Kansas and Nebraska bilL pro-
motes the formation of slave States in Kansas and Ne-
braska.3"
To which Mr. Richardson responded, as fol-
lows:
k; The Constitution does not, in rav opinion, carry the
institutions of any of the States into the Territories; but
it afi'oi ds the same protection there to the in*titutions of one
State as of another. The citizen of Virginia is as much
entitled, in the common temtory, to the protection of his
property, under the Constitution, as the citizen of Illinois;
but both are dependent upon the legislation of the territo-
rial government for laws to protect their property, of what-
ever kind it may be. Thus, it will be seen, that though
there may be upon this point a difference theoretically—
involving questions for judicial decision—yet there i&nonc,
piactically, among the friends of non-intervention by Con-
gress, as the practical result is to place the decision of the
questions in the hands of those who are most deeply inter-
ested in its solution, namely: the people of the Territory,
who have made it their home, and whose interests are the
most deeply involved in the character of the institutions
undei which th*>> are to live."
• There now is popular sovereignty for you—
broad, clear," and unequivocal. Yet after he gave
this answer, the entire Democratic delegation from
Alabama, and I believe from the South generally,
voted, and continued to vote for Mr. Richardson.
Popular sovereignty was not then considered a
ttncw dogma." Southern men were not alarmed at
these doctrines, as they feign to be now.
Mr. BARKSDALE. 1 was a member of that
Congress, and voted for Mr. Richardson, of Illi-
nois, for Speaker after he avowed these sentiments;
and I would like the gentleman to tell whether he
is to be understood as saying that by voting for
Mr. Richardson, I indorsed these sentiments?
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I have stated tSo facts,
and I have drawn my inferences. The gentleman
has heard them. If the avowal of the popular sover-
eignty doctrines by Mr. Richardson then was not
sufficient grounds for him to oppose Mr. Richard-
son for Speaker, I cannot sec how the avowal of
the same doctrines by Mr. Douglas will constitute
good grounds for the honorable gentleman to op-
pose Judge Douglas now.
Mr BARKSDALE. The gentleman himself
has this session voted for Mr. Bocock forSpeaker>
who repudiates squatter sovereignty, or, as the
f entleman calls the doctrine, popular sovereignty,
le voted for Mr. Bocock,tvho holds that it is the
duty of all the departments of the Government—
executive, legislative, and judicial—to protect
slave property in the Terrrtoncs, whenever it May
be necessary to do so. When you voted for him,
did you indorse those sentiments?
Mr. MONTGOMERY. Mr. Bocock never ex-
pressed these sentiments, that I am aware of. I*
never heard them expressed by him, and the gen-
tleman from Mississippi, therefore, must bespeak-
ing upon private information, which nobody else
has.
Mr. BARKSDALE. At any event, Mr. Bo-
cock denies to a Territorial Legislature the power
to legislate against slavery.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. Mr. Bocock is pres-
ent, and can speak for himself. I deny the right
of the gentlemen from Mississippi to speak for
him. He cannot say that before I voted for him
for Speaker he expressed the sentiments attrib-
uted to him by the gentleman from Mississippi.
Mr. Mc&UEEN. By permission of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, I desire to say that I
was in the gallery, and heard the gentleman read
some interrogatories which were propounded to
Mr. Richardson, in the contest between him and
Mr. Banks, for the Speakership,in lbo6, by some
gentleman on the other side of the House, and
Mr. Richardson 5s answer;46 and that every south-
ern Representative on the floor of the House voted
for him after that answer." Now, 1 recollect very
