1626
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10.
Mr. HICKMAN. Certainly not.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
.he majority and minority reports are received,
and they will now be read.
Mr. HICKMAN then read the report of the
Committee on the Judiciary; and subsequently
the minority views of Mr. Houston and of Mr.
Taylor were submitted. *
Mr. HINDMAN, (interrupting the reading of
Mr Taylor's report.) If the gentleman from
Louisiana will permit me, I would suggest that
he suspend the reading. It is now quite late, and
he may go on and finish the reading in the morn-
ing.
Mr. TAYLOR. I will do so if such be the
wish of the House.
Mr. HICKMAN. I have no objection to that
course; but I wish, before the House adjourns,
to move that the majority and minority reports
be printed, and that the further consideration of
the subject be postponed until to-morrow week,
after the morning hour.
Mr. HOUSTON. If my friend from Louisiana
wishes to finish the reading of the report, of course
he has the floor and has the liberty to do so.
Mr. HICKMAN. Of course I do not wish to
interfere with his reading of the report.
Mr. HOUSTON. If, however,he wishes that
the House should now adjourn, and finish the
reading in the morning, I think we should adjourn.
Mr. TAYLOR. I yield to the wishes 'of the
House. If they wish to adjourn now, 1 will giro
way, with the understanding that I have the right
to finish in the morning.
Mr. HINDMAN. The gentleman from Lou-
isiana will understand that 1 am desirous, as are
we all, to hear his report. I asked him to give
way merely on account of the lateness of the hour.
tilr. HICKMAN. With the understanding
that the gentleman from Louisiana shall have per- !
mission to read his report in the morning, I will 1
now move that the reports bo printed, and be
postponed until to-morrow week.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I hope that day
will not be fixed. I move to amend that motion
by striking out "one week from to-morrow,"
and inserting " the 10th day of May." Many of
us will lie compelled to leave the city next week
to attend the Charleston convention.
Mr. HICKMAN. 1 have no objection to that.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope that day will not
be fixed. Some of us will desire to be absent in
Baltimore at that time who may wish to take part
in tile debate.
Mr. HOUSTON. ] would suggest that it would
bo better to allow the matter to lie over until to-
morrow.
Mr. HICKMAN. I prefer to insist on my mo-
tion that all the reports l>e printed and postponed
until to-morrow week.
Mr. PHELPS. I would ask the gentleman to
include in his motion to print, also the special
message of the President upon the subject, and
the resolutions constituting the committee.
Mr. UICKMAN. I have no objection to that.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
that the question of postponement had better lie
over till to-morrow.
Mr. GROW. To-morrow is the day fixed for
the Kansas bill. I want it understood that this is
not to interfere with that.
Mr. HICKMAN. I will withdraw that portion
of the motion which relates to postponement.
The motion to print the reports, together with
the special message of the President and the res-
olutions oil which Mr. Covode's connnittce was
constituted, was adopted.
Mr. HINDMAN. I move that the House
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to.
And thereupon (at ten minutes past five o'clock,
p. in.) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, Jlpril 10, I860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
The Journal of yesterday was read and appro ved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of the Treasury, com-
municating, in compliance with a resolution of
the Senate, a statement showing the amount of
revenue collected-annually in each collection dis-
trict from June 30, 1854, to June 30, 1859, to-
gether with the amount expended and the num-
ber of persons employed in each district; which
was ordered to lie on the table; and a motion by
Mr. Hamlin to print the report was referred to
the Committee on Printing.
MESSAGE FROM THE II©USE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forwey, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the bill of the Senate (No. 29)
for the relief of Arthur Edwards and his asso-
ciates.
ARREST OI FRANK B. SANBORN.
Mr. LANE. I move to take up the bill (S.
No. 82) to amend the fourth section of the act for
the admission of Oregon into the Union.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator will allow
us to present memorials.
Mr. LANE. This is a bill that nobody will
object to, I am sure; and it is very necessary that
it should be passed; but I will yield.
Mr. SUMNER. If it is only for a moment, I
shall not object.
Mr. LANE. I yield the floor.
Mr. SUMNER. I have a memorial, Mr. Presi-
dent, from Frank 13. Sanborn, of Concord, in Mas-
sachusetts, setting forth a gross attempt to kidnap
by certain persons pretending to act in the name
of the Senate of the United States. The memo-
rial is authenticated by his affidavit before a no-
tary public. It sets forth that on the evening of
the 3d of April, ccrtain persons who had been
prowling about his neighborhood, under the shelter
of night, with a fraudulent pretense, drew him to
his door, seized lum, handcuffed him, and then
by force undertook to convey him to a carriage.
By the courageous interposition of a refined lady,
(his sister,) neighbors were aroused; the village
was next aroused by the ringing of bells, and at
length that great friend of the oppressed in our
country—the writ of habeas corpus—arrived on the
ground. By the intervention of that writ, he was
taken from the custody of the kidnappers. The
next day a hearing was had before the supreme
court of Massachusetts; and Chief Justice Shaw,
for thirty years the honored chief justice of Mas-
sachusetts,whose opinions, 1 believe,are respected
in every part of the country, representing the full
bench," without undertaking to pass upon the
question of jurisdiction m the Senate in this mat-
ter, went on to declare that the power delegated
by the Senate to its Sergeant-at-Arms could not
be delegated to another, and that therefore all these
proceedings were void, and the prisoner was dis-
charged.
Now, Mr. President, this act, it seems to me, is'
conspicuous both from the person against whom
it was directed and from the place where it was
attempted. It was directed against Mr. Sanborn,
a quietcitizen,engaged in Dbe instruction of youth,
a scholar of excellent attainments, of perfect pur-
ity, and much beloved by his friends and neigh-
bors. It was attempted at Concord, where an-
other seizure was once attempted, which began
that revolutionary contest which ended in inde-
pendence. I submit, Mr. President, that a person
like Mr. Sanborn, having suffered this outrage at
the hands of persons claiming to act in the name
of the Senate, has a right to redress m this body;
and I submit still further, that this body owes
something to its own character; it ought to wash
its hands of such an outrage. I offer his memorial
and ask its reference to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary; and that the Senate may better under-
stand it, I think it ought to bo printed. I move
also its printing
The VICE PRESIDENT. The memorial will
be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary, if
there be no objection. The question on printing
will go to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. MASON. I shall, of course, not make the
slightest objection to the presentation of this me-
morial. I do not know its contents; but I would
object, if it be in order, to its being printed or
distinguished from any other memorial that comes
from any citizen of the United States. The state-
ment that has fallen from the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, as the facts cannot be known to him, I
suppose is a statement based on what is contained
in the paper. I do not know what the contents
of the paper are; but I know that the following
are the facts, so far as the Senate is concerned, or
the committee of the Senate, at whose instance
this process issued.
This man, Sanborn, was in correspondence,
either with the man who was not long since hung
in Virginia for his conduct as a traitor and mur-
derer at Harper's Ferry, or with some of his as-
socates; I do not recollect which. I do not re-
member now the tenor of the correspondence—a
correspondence that was found with the papers
taken on the person and among the effects of
Brown, at the time he was captured; and thus his
name, and his connection with that affair, what-
ever it was, was brought to the knowledge of the
committee of this body. Ho was summoned in
the usual manner—by a letter of request to appear
before the committee, as a witness, to give what-
ever information might be in his power connected
with the inquiry submitted to the committee. He
wrote a letter to the chairman of the committee,
acknowledging the summons, and protesting that
he had no disposition in the world to be disre-
spectful or discouitcousto the Senate; but, as far
as I recollect his letter, which I have not seen
now for two months nearly, he either said that he
would attend, or that he would give reasons for
non-attendance; I do not remember which. Event-
ually, hawever, he refused to attend.
Mr. FITCH. The chairman will recollect that
the reason for not attending was, a pretended fear
that his life was in danger here.
Mr. MASON. I recollect that was a part of
it. Amongst the other things alleged in his letter
was, that he had leasoif to apprehend that if he
.camc to Washington he would be subjected to
personal violence. There wore some vague inti-
mations of that sort, which I confess I did not
regard.
! However, it resulted that he refused to attend
on the summons of the committee; and, at the
instance of the committee, a warrant was issued
by the Senate against lnm—as against certain
other witnesses who were i/ipari delictu—to arrest
him and bring him here for contumacy. The Ser-
geant-at-Arms was sent to Boston—I do notrecol-
lcct whether with the warrant for Sanborn ; I pre-
sume, though, it was, but I do not remember
particularly about that; he was sent to Boston, at
any rate—with directions, if lie could not get at
the witnesses against whom the warrants were
directed after a reasonable time, that he should
depute his authority to the marshal of the United
States at Boston, or some of his deputies. The
Sergeant-at-Arnis, as is known, did arrest one
witness, and brought him here. In the case of
this man Sanborn, his authority was deputed by
him, as I presumed he had a clear right to do—I
did not examine the subject very particularly—to
one of the deputy marshals of Massachusetts.
So far tile facts arc known to me.
Now it appears, by a subsequent correspond-
ence with the marshal of the United States at Bos-
ton, and with the district attorney of the United
States at Boston, that when the warrant of arrest
was served upon this man Sanborn, at Concord,
where he resided, lie resisted the officers, and re-
fused to attend them, by personal resistance; and,
as they inform me, it was not until they found that
it was impossible to take him under the warrant,
except by force, that he was subjected, as he ought
to have been subjected, to the confinement of his
person in some way. He was afterwards, as I am
informed by the correspondence with the marshal
and with the district attorney of the United States,
rescued by a mob in the town of Concord; and
after he had been taken out of the possession of
the officer who had him in custody, a writ of habeas
corpus was issued; and, upon the trial of that writ
of habeas corpus m the city of Boston, he was dis-
charged by the judges of the supreme court there,
whose opinion I have read—I presume it was a
correct copy which I saw printed in the Boston
papers—upon the single and narrow ground that,
without inquiry into the authority for making the
arrest, they were satisfied in law that if tiie Ser-
geant-at-Arms was properly warranted in the
arrest by the process of the Senate, he could not
depute that authority; and npon that ground San-
born was discharged on the habeas corpus.
I think these facts are due m reply to the state-
ments that have fallen from the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts. What subsequent proceedings may
yet be taken, I am not advised. I have not yet
received the formal return made by the officer, the
deputy of the Sergeant-at-Arms, upon the war-
