184
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
[March 29,
*36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Popular Sovereignty—Mr. Montgomery.
Ho. of Reps.
well that interrogatories were propounded to Mr.
Richardson in that cofttest; and upon his answer
1 cast off from him, and did so for three days,
until Mr. Richardson drew his bow again, and
- explained it away, when I again cast my vote for
him.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. Mr. Chairman, I am
glad my friend from South Carolina has made the
correction; for I would very much regret to do
him injustice. I will make the gentleman from
South Carolina an exception. But I think it
makes my position stronger, for it sh-o ws that the
language was well understood and considered at
the time, and was not thought objectionable to
any other southern Representative than the hon-
orable gentleman from South Carolina.
Mr. HINDMAN. X would like to put a ques-
tion to the gentleman.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. The House must ac-
knowledge that I have been very liberal. I have
been interrupted at every step of my argument by
questions. When the gentleman from Alabama
was upon the floor, those of us who differed from
him kept our seats and allowed him to go on with-
out interruption. I must decline to yield further.
I have not the time to' spare. [Cries from the
Democratic benches of "That's right!" "Go
on!" and " We will give you more time !'•]
Mr. BURNETT. I want to say this: Fhope
the gentleman will be allowed to proceed without
further interruption. I must object, however, to
any extension of his time beyond that which was
taken from him by interruptions.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I am obliged to the
House for its courtesy and kindness.' And I will
now proceed.
But I have not done with this matter yet. I can-
not let the honorable gentleman from Alabama
escape so easily. I now desire to show that he,
by his vote, has virtually indorsed and approved
the doctrine of unfriendly legislation, about which
so much has been said in the public prints recently.
The honorable gentleman from Alabama came
into Congress when I did. At the first session of
the last Congress Colonel Orr, of South Carolina,
was a candidate for the office of Speaker of this
House. I will now invite the attention of this
House, and the honorable gentleman, to the views
of Colonel Orr on the subject of "unfriendly legis-
lation." On the 11th day of December, 185G,
Colonel Orr said, in reply to Hon. Humphrey
Marshall, of Kentucky:
" 1 say, although I deny that squatter sovereignty exists
In the Territories of Kansas and Nebraska by viitue of this
bill, it is a matter practically of little consequence whether
it docs or not; and I think I shall be able to satisfy the gen-
tleman of that. The gentleman knows that, in every slave-
holding community of this Union, wo have local legislation
and local police regulations appei taining to that institution,
without which the institution would not only be valueless,
but a curse to tiie community. Without them the slave-
holder couitl not enforce his rights when invaded by others;
and if you had no local legislation for tiie purpose of giving
protection, the institution would be of no value. I can ap-
peal to every gentleman upon tins floor who represents a
siaveholding constituency, to attesttiie truth of what Iliave
stated upon that point.
"Now, the legislative authority of aTcrritory is invested
with adiscretionto vote for or againstlaws. Wethinkthey
ought to pass laws in every Territory, when the Territory
is open to settlement, and slaveholders go there, to piotcct
. slave property. But if they decline to pass sueli laws, what
is the remedy? None, sir. If the majority of the people
are opposed to the institution, and if they do not desire it
ingratted upon their Teintory, all they have to do is simply
to decline to pass laws in the Temtoiial Legislature for its
protection, and then it is as well excluded as if the power
was invested in the Territorial Legislature, and exercised
by them, to prohibit it. Now, I ask the gentleman, what is
the practical importance to result fiom the agitation and
diseussiou of this question as to whether squatter sover-
eignty docs, or does not, exist? Piactically it is a matter
of little moment."
There, now, is the doctrine of " unfriendly legis-
lation," which the gentleman from Alabama so
religiously detests in Judgi^DoucLAs. Yet, not-
withstanding this open avowal of opinion, the
honorable gentleman from Alabama not only voted
for the election of Colonel Orr for Speaker, but
he voted for him in caucus as his first choice as
candidate for that office. That was a little better
than two years since. Yet, at this session, the
honorable gentleman utterly refused to vote for
Colonel McClernand, because he held precisely
the opinions avowed by Colonel Orr. Why was
this ? Who has changed ? The Democratic party
voted for Colonel Orr then, and elected him. The
mass of the Democratic party voted for Colonel
McClernand this session; but the honorable gen-
tleman refused to vote with us. I ask who has
changed ? Who is it that is advocating " a new
dogma?"
Mr. CURRY. Does the gentleman speak by
authority when he says Colonel Orr and Colonel
McClernand entertain the same sentiments on
this subject?
Mr. MONTGOMERY. Ml". Chairman, I have
quoted the views of Colonel Orr, and whilst I will
not say that I speak by authority, I will say that
1 think I know the views of Colonel McCler-
nand, and 1 think he entirely concurs in the sen-
timents expressed by Colonel Orr in 1856.
1 might go on to read from the speeches and
writings of other southern statesmen; and I might
show that a very large number of their most dis-
tinguished men have held the sentiments, in whole
or in part, as avowed by Judge Douglas ; but I
have neither the time nor the disposition to do so
now, nor do I esteem it necessary.
But I intend now to show that the South has
always, in the Territories, practiced on and ac-
knowledged the doctrine that the full power to
legislate 011 the subject of slavery was committed
to the Territories. ' What was done in Kansas ?
Was not the whole difficulty in that Territory
created by the contest for the election of the Ter-
ritorial Legislature ? The slave State men strug-
gling to get possession of the Legislature, that
they might enact laws to establish and protect
slavery;"and the free State men to get possession
of the Legislature, to prohibit and abolish slavery.
We all know that was the contest, and the cause
of the controversy. The slave State men got
possession of the Legislature, and we all know
that their first work was to pass stringent laws
establishing and protecting slave property. Now,
if the power to legislate on the subject of slavery
was not conferred on the Territorial Legislature,
all this legislation was void and illegal. Did any
southern statesman then arise in Congress and
propose to arrest this illegal exercise of legisla-
tion? I need not say not one. If you had not
conferred on theTerritorial Legislature full power
to legislate on the subject of slavery, why were
so many thousand dollars spent by emigrant aid
societies, North and South, to send emigrants
there to control the election of the Legislature?
If the Territorial Legislature had not the power
to abolish slavery, you might just as well have
let the free State men had possession of thatbody;
for they could do nothing to infringe your rights.
Yet, blood was shed, civil war raged, and battles
were fought, and men murdered, and homes made
desolate, to maintain this fruitless power of le-
gislating. All, gentlemen,let us be candid. This
new dogma of " congressional intervention" had
not been thought of then. It is an after thought.
You have changed your tactics; and, whilst we
admit your right to change, you must not de-
nounce us because we do not change along with
you. Again: if the Territorial Legislatures have
not the power to legislate on the subject of sla-
very, why does not the honorable gentleman from
Alabama move, here in Congress, to declare the
act establishing slavery in New Mexico uncon-
stitutional and void?
Mr. JENKINS. Do I understand the gentle-
man to say that the Territorial Legislature has
the power to protect slavery if it choose?
Mr. MONTGOMERY. Certainly.
Mr. JENKINS. I understand the gentleman
to say also that Congress has not the power to
protect slavery in the Territories. If Congress has
not the power, under what clause of the Consti-
tution does the gentleman find the powerundcr
which the Territorial Legislature can protect sla-
very ?
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I find it in the act
organizing them into a territorial government;
"tuid it is precisely because Congress cannot legis-
late to protect slavery that the Territorial Legis-
lature lias the power to do so. If Congress had
that power, and if it was made the duty of Con-
gress to protect slavery, then Congress could not
give it away, but must exercise it. I have been
striving to prove this fact: that Congress intended
to give full power over the subject of slavery to
the Legislatures, because it has been denied that
such was the intention when the Kansas-Nebraska
net was passed. But I contend that, without any
such legislation, that power is inherent in the
people of the Territory; and so soon as Congress
confers on them a territorial government, they can
exercise it. I will explain my understanding.
It is admitted that the right of legislation is
inherent in the citizens of each State. Now, I
desife to inquire, when a citizen emigrates from a
Stat; into a Territory, where does he lose " his in-
herent right'' of self-government? At what bound-
ary line does it drop from him? We read in Bun-
yan that Christian's sins clung to his back like a
knapsack; but, at last, as he ascended % hill, the
load fell off. I would like to know whether the
inherent right of self-government drops from our
own emigrant in the same way. And I would
like, too, to know at what precise point the power,
which shrouds him like a mantle in the States,
falls from his shoulders when he emigrates to a
Territory. The advocates of congressional in-
tervention can see how the rights of a citizen to
his negro journey with him from the State where
he resides to the Territory to which he emigrates;
but the same gentlemen are entirely at a loss to
see how the heaven-born right of self-government
accompanies a man on the same journey. The
truth is, that the right in a slave seems to be the
only right which they consider sacred. I main-
tain that the right of self-government is inherent;
and that so soon as Congress recognizcs a body
of emigrants in a Territory as a government, their
right of self-government comes into action, and
can be exercised. And even without any such
act, necessity may demand its exercise. This right
of self-government in the people was directly rec-
ognized in the case of California. These are my
views. But I was proceeding on with my proof
that Congress desired to confer on theTerritorial
Legislatures the full power of legislation over the
subject of slavery. And I will now resume my
line of argument on that point.
Mr. MILES. I dislike to interrupt the gentle-
man, but I understand his time has been indefi-
nitely extended. My only object is to call his
attention to thispoint. It is true, as the gentleman
says, that the Territories have all the power of
legislation which Congress can confer upon them.
None of us deny that. And it is also true, that
each State has the entire control over its own in-
stitutions. It has the right to place whatever fea-
tures it may choose upon them. None of us
deny fora moment that it may exclude slavery for-
ever; but we do contend that a Territorial Legis-
lature, that the legislative power of a Territory—
which is the creature of Congress, which is the
common property of all the States—shall not do
that which we claim the Congress of the United
States cannot do. We do claim that it is impos-
sible for the inferior to exercise a right of su-
premacy, when such right of supremacy does not
exist in the superior.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I certainly thank the
gentleman for his admission. It is a very im-
portant one. He admits that the Territories have
all the powers of legislation which Congress can con-
fer upon them. This is admitted in the presence
of all his southern colleagues, and none of them
dissent from it. It is aiTadmission that the power
of legislation was fully and unequivocally given
to theTerritorial Legislature by Congress in their
acts organizing temporary governments. I am
glad the gentleman has admitted this. It is the
first time the admission was ever made by an ad-
vocate of congressional intervention, to my knowl-
edge. Hitherto, indeed, it has been uniformly
denied by them. The honorable gentleman from
Alabama, speaking 011 that subject, says:
" If, on any subject, the will of the Territory is not su-
preme, slavery is not the exception ; for the great expounder
of this new dogma asserts that a ' Terutoriai Legislature
can lawfully exchidc slavery, either by non-action or un-
friendly legislation.' This power is variously derived—
from the alleged inherent power of self-government, exist-
ing in every distinct political community, and from tiie
Kansas-Nebraska bill, as indorsed by the Cincinnati plat-
form. To the first derivation I have no answer to make
beyond the statement that it is in entire consistency with
the first great experiment of squatter sovereignty—the cre-
ation of the State of California, whose admission into the
Union, under the circumstances, was the most unparalleled
outrage ever perpetrated on a people pretending to be free.
" To the second sourcc of power, i reply that, if found
there, the South was most miserably duped in that famous
measure for silencing agitatfon. Whatever may have been
the purpose of the framer of that bill—and lie says, in his
contribution to JIarper, that it was to remove any obstacle
to the free exercise of poptiiar spvereignty—it was suppotten
