606
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
and that the person haying the highest number of
votes should be declared the Speaker, that.resolu-
tion was objected to upon the other side, upon the
ground that, it was out of order, and the argument
which was used upon this side in support of that
resolution, was that we had been proceeding to
ballot, day after day, by a vote of the House, and
that we could just as well proceed, by a vote of the
House, upon the resolution offered by the gentle-
man from Ohio, as upon the mere naked motion
to proceed to a ballot. That was replied to, upon
the other side, in this way, that a ballot could not
at any time have been had, except by the unani-
mous consent of the House. I thought that answer
was conclusive. It satisfied my mind, for I had
always believed that a ballot could only be had by
unanimous consent, for this reason, that the Jour-
nal was filled with questions which are precedent
to all motions which can now be made. There-
fore I desire not to raise the plurality resolution
at this time, and to test the sense of the House
upon it, because I believe it out of order, but to
come to a vote upon the questions standing upon
the Journal, and dispose of them, and, eventually,
by the disposition of them, reach the plurality rule
in its proper order, and in its proper place.
Now, if the resolution of the gentleman from
Ohio could not be propounded to the House ex-
cept by unanimous consent, it being a motion to
proceed to a ballot, neither can any other motion
to proceed to a ballot be put to the House except
by general consent. They stand exactly upon the
same foundation, and if one be liable to that ob-
jection tho other must be of course.
Mr. BONHAM. I desire to say but a very few
words. I did not understand that this side of the
House was hound by the proposition of the hon-
orable gentleman from Tennessee last evening;
but I must say that I concur in the propriety, to
some extent, of doing what he suggested. We
can only attain unanimity upon this side of the
House by ballot after ballot. I do not say that
we should not h'jve discussion. 1 am willing that
the honorable member who proposes to make a
•speech shall proceed; but I suggest that we should
take this ballot first. If ho then desires to discuss
the questions now before the country and this
Tlouse, 1 think this House is prepared to hear
him. But 1 do think I utter the sentiments of this
side when I say that we propose to ballot again
and again; and that it is only in that way that we
believe we can attain unanimity upon this side of
the House. If the other side object to balloting,,
they have only to make their objection. 1 am not
aware that the point of order raised by the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania has any force in it, tor I
am not aware that this side of the House has taken
the ground that a single objection can prevent a
ballot. My impression is that it is a question
which can be submitted to tho House; that the
"House can decide it, and thai wo can proceed to
a ballot at any time when the House is willing to
ballot. We are wider apart now than we were
some weeks ago; wearefuithei fioni electing a
Speaker, because of less unanimity uponjtlus side
of the House. How shall we attain that unanim-
ity cxcept by balloting? When we have; had the
least speaking and the most balloting, we have
had the most unanimity that we have at any time
had.
Mr. WINSLOW. I wish to know if the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania is going to insist upon
his point of order?
Mr. HICKMAN. Lpropose to insist upon it;
but 1 am peifecily willing that it. shall be voted
down, and if gentlemen insist upon voting it down
and saying there is nothing m it, I do not know
but I shall vote with them and then bring up the
plurality resolution, and insist that it is just as
much in order as the motion to proceed to a bal-
lot. Then I will see how much consistency thei e
is in this House.
Mr. WINSLOW. 1 wish to say that if the
gentleman insists upon his point of order, this
discussion mustgrowintoageneral debate. I pro-
pose that he withdraw his point of order, that we
prooccd wuh this ballot, and then let the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. McPheu&on] goon
with his remarks. I ask him what he will do ?
Mr. HICKMAN. I am perfectly willing that
this point of order shall be voted down, but not
that it be withdrawn.
Mr. SICKLES. I desire to say a word in
reference to the understanding of yesterday. I
should regret very much, arid I think I am only
expressing the general views of my constituents
and the people of my State, when I say that I
should observe with sincere regret any disposi-
tion to disrupt the understanding of yesterday.
Although not binding expressly as a stipulation,
it was undoubtedly the general sense of the House
that it would be better every day,at least, to vote,
and to vote three times a day. I desired then to
make an observation, which I will take occasion
to make now; and that is, tkat it must be an in-
dispensable condition of any such understanding
that the plurality rule shall not be moved, nor any
other similar debatable proposition. The spirit
of4he understanding of yesterday was that the
House should proceed to vote viva voce three
times a day, m an effort to elect a Speaker by a
majority; and any attempt to move the plurality
rule, or any other extraordinary mode of election,
would be a violation of that understanding, and
would necessarily defeat it.
Now, sir, a word with reference to what I re-
gard the extraordinary position taken by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Hickman.] He
objects to a ballot. The objection at this time has
been effectually disposed of by the remarks of the
gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Phelps ,] who has
clearly shown that the objection came too late;
because the motion had been entertained by the
House, the previous question moved upon it, and
.seconded. Of course, therefore, as every oneun-
deistands, by the universal parliamentary law,
the objection comes too late for tl#s occasion.
But it is well enough to see where we stand in
ease this objection should be persisted in. I took
part in the discussion the other day, in which it
is stated by the gentleman from Pennsylvania
that it was contended on this side of the House
that a single objection could at any time arrest a
ballot. If, in that reference, he alluded at all to
anything that I said, I desire to remark here that
I was not cleaily understood, if it was supposed
that I took any such extreme position as that. In
tho existing state of the questions before the
House, no resolution being actually in our pos-
session and before us, cxcept the losolution of the
gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Clark,] it was
contended upon this side of the House that no
resolution, no proceeding whatever, could be in
order except by general consent. But that only
meant this: not that anyone member on the jflooi
can veto a ballot, can arrest the action of tho House
by his objection—that would be absurd; all that
was meant by me was, that in the existing state
of tho business on the Clerk's table and before
the House, any member could rise to a point of
order and object to anything, cxcept a vote upon
Mr. Clark's resolution, as not in order; that the
point of order would be for the House to decide;
and that, if a majority of the House should over-
rule it, and decide that a vote for Speaker or a vote
upon any other proposition was in ordei, that
would be the end of the objection; the objection
of the member would then and there exhaust
itself. And that will be the condition of things
when we are brought to consider the objection of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania m its full force;
that is to say, when it is available for any purpose.
The gentleman's objection is not now available
for any purpose, because it comes too late; but if
he should renew that objection when we ask for
another ballot, it will simply then present a ques-
tion for the majority of those pie«ent to decide,
whether oi not it is the pleasure of that majority
to proceed to vote for Speaker, to proceed with
discussion, or to proceed to vote on the resolution
of the gentleman from Missouri, or any other
matter that may be bi ought bi fore it.
I repeat that it was not my purpose in rising to
interrupt, in any possible sense, the understand-
ing of yesterday, that we should, without debate,
vote three times every day, viva voce, to elect a
Speaker by a majority. I regard that to have
been the spirit of the understanding. I know that
\\ hen the country shall have had a day to respond
to that understanding, they will approve of the
general concurrence with which it met in the
House, and they will see with surprise and regret
that it has been arrested to-day.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I desire to
set myself right in regard to this matter. When
I mentioned early this morning that I did not feel
bound by the agreement proposed by the gentle-
man from Tennessee yesterday, I did not design
to throw any obstacle in the way of a vote. I was
perfectly willing to vote to-day, as I have been al-
most ever since I have been here. I think I have
occupied less of the time of the House, probably,
than any other gentleman upon this floor* and I
do not know that I design hereafter to occupy the
time of the House. But I will not permit any
gentleman on the other side of the House, or upqn
this side, to bind me by any proposition which
they may see proper to make, such as the one
made yesterday.
Now, a word in regard to the point of order
raised by the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Hickman] this morning. 1 think the point of order
comes too late, as stated by the gentleman from
Missouri, [Mr. Phelps.] But I must say to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, in all candor and
fairness, that, if his point of order had been made
in time, it would have been precisely like the point
of order made on this side of the House the other
day, when the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Hutcii-
ins] proposed his plurality resolution. I objected
to that resolution. Why? Because I conceived
it out of order, for the.reason that there were al-
ready two propositions pending before the House
—one, the proposition of the gentleman who makes
the objection now, for a correction of the Journal
of the House; and the other, the point of order
laised by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Stevens,] that nothingwas in order except to pro-
ceed to a ballot. I think now, as I thought then,
that while one member cannot certainly, by his
single objection, prevent the House from doing
what it pleases, still, while those other points of
order are pending, the House cancntertain no other
proposition until they are disposed of; and I think
1 should treat the gentleman from Pennsylvania
unfairly, if I were to take different ground to-day
from that which I took the other day. I think the
proposition is peifectly tenable, that while two
points of order arc pending before the House, no
other proposition is in order until they are dis-
posed of. But! shall vote against the point of order
to-day, not becausc I think It wrong if made in
time, but simply because the gentleman did not
make it until after the previous question had been
called and seconded.
Mr. HICKMAN. I wish to ask the gentleman
from North Carolina a single question. When
could the question of oider be raised, except when
I-raisccl it? At what other time? The gentleman
gets up and makes his motion to proceed to a bal-
lot, and demands the previous question while he
has the floor, and I am forced to make my objec-
tion after the previous question has been called—
precisely the time I made it this morning. There
is a disagreement os to the facts of the case..
Mr. SICKLES. The previous question had
been seconded.
Mr. HICKMAN. It had not been seconded
before the objection was made.
Mr. ASHMORE. I seconded it before the gen-
tleman rose.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. The gen-
tleman from South Carolina seconded it, and I
seconded it. ,
Mr. HICKMAN. My recollection is this: that
as soon as the motion was made to proceed to a
ballot, and the previous question was called, my
colleague [Mr. McPherson] took the floor, ana
proposed to enter into a personal explanation.
The previous question had not been seconded at
that time, accoiding to my rceolketion.
Mr. PHELPS. Yes, ithad. 1 seconded it my-
self. It only requires one individual to second it.
Mr. HICKMAN. Well, how is objection to
be made—because all that may be done before the
floor can be had for an objection? A motion is
made; the pi evious question is called; a gentleman
says, " I second it;'' and then the objection comes
too late, and the point of order cannot be raised.
Now, I conceive that I raised the objection at the
first moment it could be raised, and therefore it
might just as well be decided now as at any other
time.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I think, if
the gentleman from Pennsylvania desires to have
his point of order presented fairly, and not to place
gentlemen in a position where their course may
have the appearanccof inconsistency, he will with-
draw it now, and make it at some other time. ,If
lie will make it at the proper time, I shall vote
with him; but, if he insists upon it now, I cannot.
Mr. CURTIS. I think the objection made now
