I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
)6tii Cong.... 1st Sess.
Popular Sovereignty—Mr. Montgomery.
Ho. of Reps.
at the South because of its repeal of the Missouri restric-
tion, and because we thought we had secured a safeguard
against territorial unfriendly legislation, by the provision
rendeimg all such legislation subject to the Constitution of
the United Status, and by the further provision giving an
appeal to the courts of the United States, in all cases where
propeity 111 slaves was involved. If we were mistaken, this
power to exclude slavery by unfriendly legislation—this squat-
ter sovereignty covered up under ambiguous language in the
Kansas billy after the repeal of the Missouri restriction—is
but a rejincd imitation of the barbarity of the petty Celtic
tyrant, who fed his prisoners on salted food till they called
eagerly for drink, and then let down an empty cup into the
dungeon, and left them to die of thirst."
The gentleman from Alabama declares that if
sucli power is found in the Kansas-Nebraska bill,
*' the South teas most miserably duped by that famous
measure." But the gentleman from youth Caro-
lina, with a candor which is his distinguishing
characteristic, admits that Congress did give all
the poweritcould give,and therefore the Kansas-
Nebraska bill was not such "amiserable cheat,"
after all. And if Congress intended to give all
that power, surely it intended the Territorial Le-
gislatures should exercise it, and that they could
exercise, it. Your denunciations, if any arc due,
should be bestowed on Congress, and not on
Judge Douglas.
But the honorable gentleman from South Car-
olina insists that, as Congress has not the power
to abolish slavery, therefore it.cannot confer that
power on the Territorial Legislatures. " That,"
as he says, " the inferior cannot exercise a right
of supremacy, whensuchrightof supremacy does
not exist in the superior."
I have already stated that I claimed that the
right of self-government was inherent in every cit-
izen of every State; and that it traveled with such
citizen wherever he went; and that the power to
abolish slavery sprang from such right of self- ;
government. My object in showing that the !
power of legislation 011 the subject of slavery was j
intended to be conferred by Congress when the ;
Kansas-Nebraska bill was passed, was to prove '
that this was not a " new dogma," and " that the
Southwasnot miserably cheated;1' but that the whole
subject was fully and clearly understood, and that
Judge Douglas maintained the same views then
that he docs now. But I have the fact that it
was the intention to confer such power admitted
now, and I will elaborate that branch of the sub-
ject 210 further.
The honorable gentleman from Alabama main-
tains that—
" The Constitution of the United States discriminates
specially in favor of slave property; piovides for its in-
crease, for its permanency, for its security, and for its rep-
resentation 111 this body. Iticcognizes property in slaves ;
and tho Supreme Court has affirmed otiv right to emigrate
to, and occupy with slaves, the common territory; and
from this recognition and guarantee, protection is an in-
evitable scquitur. Fiom the premises, the sequence can-
not be resisted, that the powers of the Government arc due
to its security."
I must confess I cannot understand what the
honorable gentlemanmeans by this. If he means
that the Constitution establishes slavery in the
Territory, I must quote Judge Black in reply, who
says, " that nobody ever thought so or said so."
If he merely intends to assert that the Constitution
of the United States recognizes slaves as property,
I admit it. If he means, however, to say that the
Constitution places property in slaves higher than
other property, I deny it, and defy the proof. '
The gentleman, however, assures us that because
the Constitution recognizes property in slaves,
it follows as an inevitable sequitur from the prem-
ises, that the powers of Government are due
to its security. 1 deny this " inevitable sequitur
The Constitution recognizes property of every
kind in every State and Territory of the Union.
But it by no means follows that the powers of the
Government are due to the protection of such
property. If that were true, the Government of
the United States would have plenty of work on
its hands. If, because the Constitution recognizes
property, we must legislate to protect it, I know
of no species of property which we would not be
bound to protect. And if the duty of legislation
to protect property is imposed on Congress by
the Constitution, we must pass laws to protect
property in the States as well as in the Territory.
vVe have but one Constitution, and if it imposes
the duty on Congress to protect property, we
must protect it wherever it exists. The claim is
not that we should protect it becausc it is in the
Territory, but because it is property, recognized as
such in the Constitution. The gentleman's con-
stitutional power is very greatly too broad for his
purposes. But it may be replied, that it is the
duty of Congress to protect property in the Ter-
ritories, because the Territorial Legislatures can-
not do so. That will not do; for the gentleman is
constrained to admit that the Territorial Legisla-
tures can protect slave property; and that the slave
laws of Kansas and New Mexico arc valid; and
if they can protect slave property, they can pro-
tect all other kinds.
Th5 honorable gentleman from Alabama is a
State-rights Democrat, and contends for a strict
construction of the Constitution. He can claim
no power for Congress which is not expressly
granted. Now, where is the grant of power to
Congress to pass laws to protect slave property?
I say it can nowhere be found. There are three
clauses in the Constitution on the subject of sla-
very. The first provides for the rendition of fu-
gitive slaves, and certainly confers no power of
legislation to protect slave pioperty in the Terri-
tories. The second clausc relates to the apportion-
ment of representatives to Congress on the throe
fifths of the slave population of the slave States.
It will hardly be claimed that this clause £ivesthe
power of legislation for the Territories. The third
and last clause on the subject provides for the
abolition of the slave trade; and could not be so
distorted as to give legislative power over the Ter-
ritories. There, now, are all the clauses which in
any way relate to slavery. Will the friends of in-
! tcrvention oblige mc by pointing out on which of
j them they will risk an argument to sustain their
| claim of congressional legislation?
! The Constitution of the United States provides
only for national legislation. No power to pass
laws in relation to the domestic institutions was
incoporated in it. That kind of legislation be-
longs exclusively to the States, and cannot be ex-
ercised by Congress. It is folly to talk about it;
any man who knows the first principles of the
Constitution, knows that such a power has no ex-
istence. I will now pass to the objections to the
exercises of this power by the Territories them-
selves.
But it may be said thatTerritorial Legislatures
have no power to abolish slavery, or to destroy
or depreciate slave property, for the reason that
as the Constitution recognizes property in slaves,
the Territorial Legislature cannot take it away.
And that is in fact the point to which the advo-
cates of congressional intervention are driven.
And a more groundless position was never as-
sumed. What is the position ? It is that an act
abolishing slavery, passed by a Territorial Legis-
lature, is a violation of the Constitution of the United
States. Let mc ask those who make this asser-
tion, to point out the clausc and section of the
Constitution which such an act violates. What
provision or feature of that instrument prohibits
such a law being passed ? We all claim to be in
favor of a strict construction of the Constitution,
and surely nothing is in violation of that instru-
ment unless it is in contravention of some of its
provisions. Now, if such a law violates the Con-
stitution, the clause and section can surely be
found. Yet although the assertion has often been
made, the section has never been pointed out;
and what is more, never will be pointed out. If
there is a clause in the Constitution which pro-
hibits the abolition of slavery, it is just as appli-
cable to a State as a Territory. We have butono
Constitution, and its provisions apply to all parts
of the country; and what would be unconstitu-
tional in a Territory, must be unconstitutional in
I a State; and if any provision of the Constitution
prohibits the passage of a law to abolish slavery,
then all those laws which have been passed in the
free States are null and void, and slavery exists
m every one of them.
Mr. MILES, I dislike to interrupt the gentle-
man, but I think he docs not see the point I made
a short time since. He does not make the dis-
tinction between a mere act of legislation and an
act of sovereignty. The fact of abolishing slavery
is an act of sovereignty which every sovereign
State has the right to exercise; but it is not a
rightful subject of legislation, which can be con-
ferred upon a territorial government. It is an act
of sovereignty, and no Territorial Legislature is
invested with the powers of sovereignty.
Mr, MONTGOMERY. I assure the honorable
gentleman I perfectl y comprehend the point he has
made. But I will show him that it has no weight.
In short, that it is a high-sounding phrase, which
is not at all understood, and only leads to confu-
sion.
Let mc explain this matter. The allegation is,
that an actof a Territorial Legislature, abolishing
slavery, is in violation of the Constitution of the
United States. And thela.st vestige of argument
left to sustain it is, that a Territorial Legislature
is not a sovereignty, and that nothing less than a
sovereign "power can abolish slavery. Now, if t
were to admit what the honorable gentleman as-
serts, how would that prove that such a law is in
violation of the Constitution of the United States ?
If the gentleman would argue that such a law was
void, for leant of authority to pass it, there might
be some plausibility in it. But how he can man-
age to believe it unconstitutional, I cannot con-
ceive. But is such a law void? Certainly, the
gentleman says, because it must be passed by a
sovereign Legislature. By sovereignty, as I un-
derstand it,ismeantthe supreme legislative power
of a State or Territory. Sovereignty is of two
kinds, absolute and qualified. There is no such
thingas an absolute legislative sovereignty in our
countty. The States are all qualified or limited
sovereignties, because they are in subordination
to the Constitution of the United States. The
General Government is a limited sovereignty, be-
causc its powers are limited and restricted by the
i Constitution of the United States; and the legis-
lative sovereignty of the Territories is limited
and restricted in a peculiar manner. A Territory
has as extensive a legislative sovereignty as a
State, on all domestic affairs. It has, however, no
national legislative powerorsovercignty. Itgains
that power by admission. It gains tlie privilege
of sending Senators ar^d Rcpicsentatives to Con-
gress; it gains the right to participate in the elec-
tion of a President of the nation; the organic act
ceases to limit or restrict it; but it gains no addi-
tional legislative power in regard to its domestic
institutions. State sovereignty is exclusively do-
mestic. So is the legislation of a Territory; and,
in that respect, a Territory gains nothing by ad-
mission. The idea that a "Territory gains the
power of domestic legislation by admission into
the Union, is simply absurd. The General Gov-
ernment is the creature of the States; was made
by them for national purposes only, and it never
had the slightest power over the domestic legisla-
tion of the States. How, then, let me ask, does
the General Government confer this power of do-
mestic legislation on a new State when it never
had it to confer? Judge Douglas tells us that
the sovereignty of a Territory is held in abeyance
by the General Government, in trust for the Ter-
ritory. By which he clearly means those powers
which a State acquires by admission, which is
the right to participate in the national Legisla-
ture, &c.
Gentlemen talk of State constitutions as though
some additional power of legislation was gained
from them. It is not indispensably necessary
that a State should have a constitution. Rhode
Island had no constitution until within the last few
years. A constitution is a limitation on the legisla-
tive power of the Legislature,imposed by the peo-
ple for their own security. England has no written
constitution; therefore Parliament is said to be
omnipotent, and is the greatest legislative body on
earth. All that is necessary to disabuse the minds
of gentlemen, is to reflect 011 the nature of the sub-
ject under consideration.
There is another term introduced into the dis-
cussion on this question which really has no
meaning in the connection in which it is used.
Judge Black, in his article, talks of an act abol-
ishing slavery as confiscating property. I defy
Judge Black, or any other man, to produce any
respectable legal authority that has ever defined a
law abolishing slavery an act of confiscation. But
to please the Attorney General, and those who
agree with him, suppose, for the sake of argument,
we call it " confiscation." What then ? "Will it
therefore follow that it is a violation of the Con-
