1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
any, mado by Thomas W. Tansill, late quarter-
master and commissary of the boundary com-
mission, to officers and men in the employment
of the same, and claimed by Tansill to be due to
him at the time of his turning over his transfer
lists of officers and men, by order of Bartlett, to
George W. Thurber, his successor, deducting
from the amount such sums as have been paid to
Tansill, so as to ascertain the balance, if any,
due to him by Bartlett.
It further directs that, upon the adjustment of
the accounts of Bartlett, the amount ascertained
to be due him shall be paid to him out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated; provided it shall appear that he has first
satisfied any amount that shall be ascertained to
be due by him to Tansill.
- Mr. PHELPS, I do not consent to the taking
up the bill now, for I want to hear the report read.
The report, which was read, shows that, on the
settlement of Mr. BartlcU's accounts with the
Government, items were suspended to the amount
of §6,443 36; of this thdre has since been paid
Mr. Bartlett the sum of $1,052 48, and four other
disallowed items of small amount. It appears,
from the action of the Department, that the other
-suspended items cannot be allowed, as they are
extraordinary, being 14 extra compensation to va-
rious persons connected with the commission."
The propriety of these payments is not ques-
tioned, but the Secretary of the Interior says:
" In my opinion some such resolution as referred
to would be necessary before these items can be
allowed. It also appears that there are some mat-
ters of account open between Mr. Bartlettand Mr.
Tansill, who was the commissary to the commis-
sion ; and Mr. Tansill having also petitioned Con-
gress in the premises, the resolution authorizes
the Interior Department to settle and close up the
whole matter."
No objection being made, the Committee of the
Whole House was discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of said resolution; and it was
brought before the House for consideration.
The resolution was ordered to be read a third
time; and it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. MA YNARD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NATIONAL ARMORY.
Mr. LOGAN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to establish an armory at Fort Mas-
sac, in the State of Illinois; winch was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
PUBLIC PRINTING.
Mr. CURLEY, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution to reduce the price of
public printing; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committceon Print-
ing.
Mr. CARTER. I ask unanimous consent to
take from the Speaker's table House bill No. 520,
which has come back from the Senate with amend-
ments.
Mr. DELANO. I object.
Mr. PHELPS. I call for the regular order of
business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of the motion of the gen-
tleman from North Caiolina, [Mr. Winslow,]
introduced yesterday, upon which the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Train] has the floor.
Mr. SHERMAN". I hope the gentleman from
Massachusetts will give way, and *allow me to
move to lay the whole subject upoti the table.
Mr. DELANO. Have I not the floor?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts had the floor assigned to him upon the
regular oidcr of business before the House.
COLONKL M'KEE.
Mr. SIMMS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take up the bill for the relief of
Colonel McKee, who fell in the battle of Buena
Vista.
Objection was made.
COVODE INVESTIGATING COMMITTEE.
Mr. TRAIN. I wish to conclude the few re-
marks which I was about to make yesterday
when the interruption occurred. I will occupy
the time of the House but a few minutes. In the
first place, I desire to say that I do not under-
stand how this resolution came before the Houfee
at all. I understand that, by the rules of the House,
the resolution is irregularly here. But to that I
make no objection if no other gentleman takes ex-
ception to it. I believe that the conductof the ma-
jority of the committee has been entirely proper
and defensible; and I would not have troubled the
House at all but for some remarks that fell from
the lips of my friend from North Carolina, my
colleague on the committee.
Now, sir, in the first place it should be observed
that the committee, although appointed some
months ago, have never had the facilities to pur-
sue their investigation with that celerity which
the length of the session and the importance of
the matters referred to them demand; the result
of which is, that the committee finds itself now
in the middle of an investigation which ought to
have been concluded soma time ago. The result
of issuing a subpena on the resolution offered by
the gentleman from North Carolina would be to
require us either to compel the attendance of those
witnesses here day after day, waiting to be exam-
ined, or to break off the investigation already
commenced, and allow that investigation to be in-
terpolated.  
1 submit that this is a matter controlling the
order of business in committee, with which this
House will not interfere. I submit that the com-
mittee arc the best judges of the manner in which
they will dispose of the duties intrusted to them,
and that the House will not, on a resolution which
comes here without any report from the majority,
or even without an application from the minority,
but simply on the application of a single member,
interfere with the order of business in this com-
mittee.
Now, one thing more with regard to the sub-
ject-matter of the investigation, which the member
from North Carolina desires to pursue. Undoubt-
edly the construction of the second resolution
undrr which the committee is acting would allow
us, if we thought proper, and if there had been no
action in the House, and no construction put upon
the resolution, which would control our conduct,
to investigate into elections all over the country.
But when I introduce a resolution here, asking the
House to compel the attendance of Mr. Schell,
and it was understood that the testimony required
from him was in relation to the conduct of private
individuals not connected with the Government,
the House thought proper to recommit the reso-
lution, and thereby, as the committee inferred,
instructed us that we were not to meddle with the
'affairs of private individuals, but to investigate
the conduct only of men connected with the Gov-
ernment. From that day to this, so far as it could
be avoided, no investigation has been made into
the conductof any citizen of the Republic, unless
he was in some form connected with the Govern-
ment.
Now, the resolution of the gentleman from
North Carolina contemplates an investigation into
elections m Pennsylvania. I said to him in com-
mittee, and he has spread my statement on the
record, that I was opposed to summoning these
witnesses, but that, at the proper time, the major-
ity of the committee, after completing the examin-
ation which we were then making, would inter-
pose no objection to the summoning of any wit-
nesses for any purpose that was legitimate under
the resolution. I stand by that. My friend from
North Carolina, [Mr. Winslow]—and I am very
happy to call him my friend, for certainly the
relations existing between us have led nie to en-
tertain the highest regard for him—chooses to
stigmatize my remarks as partisan in their char-
acter. I know that he did not use the word in an
offensive sense, although it has an offensive sense.
I disclaim any partisanship in my conduct. lam
a party man. I am a Republican of the strictest
sect. I believe that the prosperity of the country
requires that the Republican party should have
the control of the Government, and that there will
be no peace in the country on the much vexed
question of slavery, until the Republican paity
does get control of the Government. But my
attachment to party does not, therefore, make me
a partisan; and 1 trust I can discharge my duties
conscientiously at all times, without regard to my
party politics.
I reflect, however, that the Republican party is
in a majority in this House; that we are respons-
ible for this legislation here; that we are, respons-
ible for the doings of the committee to wnith I
belong; and, with my sense of propriety and
duty, I shall not allow gentlemen in the minority
in this House to dictate to us the direction of
business. I should listen to their suggestions
with very great pleasure; but, when the respons-
ibility belongs to us, we certainly are not to be
dictated to by the other side.
It is precisely so as to my conduct in commit-
tee. I listen to the suggestions of my colleague
[Mr. Winslow] with very great deference; and I
more often than otherwise yield to them, because
they are proper. But I cannot permit him or any
member of the minority to dictate to the majority
of the committee how the committee shall pursue
the investigation. We are responsible for the
conduct of the committee, and therefore we must
be allowed to pursue our inquiry in our own way.
If that makes me a partisan, then I am a partisan
in the sense in which the term was used by the
gentleman from North Carolina. Otherwise I dis-
claim the imputation.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I understood the
gentleman from Massachusetts to announce that
the Republican party was m a majority in this
House?
Mr. TRAIN. I think so, sir.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I should like to
know who arc included in that party ?
Mr. TRAIN. 1 do not include the gentleman
from Missouri. That is enough. , .
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I should like to
know whether any other party is brought into the
ranks to make up the majority?
Mr. TRAIN. That is a matter of arithmeti-
cal calculation, which my friend from Missouri
can indulge in to-morrow, or any other time he
pleases.
Mr. BOTELER. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts a question.
Mr. TRAIN. I cannot be interrupted now.
Mr. BOTELER. I consider it an imputation
on the party to which I belong, and I, therefore,
desire to know if the gentleman means to include
any member of the southern Opposition?
Mr. TRAIN. I mean to say this, Mr. 
Mr. HARDEMAN. I do not regard the re-
mark of the gentleman from Massachusetts to
cast any imputation upon the southern Opposi-
tion party in this House, but to have reference
to those northern Democrats who voted for the
homestead bill.
Mr. TRAIN. Perhaps X ought to have said
this, instead of using the language which I did;
that the Republican party is responsible for the
legislation of this House in reference to this mat-
ter. We shall be held responsible to some extent
for the conduct of this committee, and being re-
sponsible for it, all we claim is that we shall be
allowed to take that responsibility, and not be dic-
tated to by the gentlemen who oppose us in pur-
suing that investigation.
Now, with these remarks, I have the honor to
submit that the resolution of the gentleman from
North Carolina is out of order; and although I
do not make the point, I yield to the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] who desires to make
a motion with regard to Jt.
Mr. WINSLOW obtained the floor.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desired to submit a mo-
tion to lay the resolution of the gentleman from
North Carolina on the table.
Mr. WINSLOW. I believe I have the floor. I
think my friend from Massachusetts, to whose
courteous bearing and demeanor in the committee
I bear cheerful testimony, has fallen into an error
with regard to the testimony involved in the mat-
ter of Augustus Schell, and the testimony which
I seek to bring in by the motion which I ask this
House to grant.
Augustus Schell was asked, as divers witnesses
have been asked by this committee, about private
matters over which I thought this House had no
earthly sort of control. That a large majority of
the Republican party were ashamed of that action
on the part of their Representatives on the com-
mittee, is, I think, indisputably true, both by the
declarations of the Republican press throughout
the country—including the leading press, the or-
gan of the party, (i speak of the; Jfew York Tri-
bune,)—and by the ^tum-oppositionto their views
