2572
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2,
involved in the motion made by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mi\Stevens,] of high stand-
ing upon the other side, that that affair of Augus-
tus Schell should be recommitted to the commit-
tee. In my report to the House, in submitting
my views upon the impropriety of asking those
questions, I took occasion to say what I thought
were the powers of this House with regard to the
investigations set on foot by them throughout the
country,and I put them upon three grounds only.
1 maintained that this House has a right to in-
quire, into these matters only when it wishes to
found,upon that inquiry, an impeachment against
Siome officer of the Government; or when the ques-
tion involves the tenure by which any member
holds his seat here; or when it is necessary to
found some legislative action, and the House de-
sires information, to enable it to act properly.
Whenever a case falls within either of those three
categories, I argued in that report that the House
has a perfect and undoubted right to ask ques-
tions, no matter how near they might touch the
private interests or the private conduct, or even
the private property of individuals.
Now, I have asked for nothing which does not
come within one of those categories. The first
purpose for which I ask to subpena witnesses is
to do—what? To investigate the use of money in
a district represented by an honorable gentleman
from Pennsylvania. The second is, to investigate
a charge of bribery of electors in Philadelphia, m
the election of 1856. For possibly, if bribery and
corruption are proved in that election, it might
follow.that the election ought to have passed in
a different manner, and resulted otherwise. Pos-
sibly such investigation may result to the benefit
of gentlemen on the Republican side, instead of
the Democratic side. With that consequence I
have nothing to do, my aim being the assertion
of truth, let it injure whom it may. I desire to
screen my party from nothing like corruption,
though I confess I have little of that great Roman
virtue that would lead me to expose its errors,
unless impelled thereto by the requirements of
duty. Far from it. But, sir, when investigation
comes up properly, I will throw no impediments
in the way of it. [ will do nothing to hinder, but
rather lend my assistance; and I presume that
gentlemen on the other side, in a like spirit of
fturness, will throw no impediment in the way of
the examination of any corruption alleged against
their party. The committee, the majority of
whom represent the Republican party, and are
friends of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, m
this matter, have, by their votes, prevented in-
vestigation and inquiry into the whole subject.
But the next ease is a still more extraordinary
one, and i do not think I should have brought it
to the attention of the House, and, indeed, I doubt
whether I should have brought it to the attention
of the committee, but that I wished to see if there
was not at lea.st one case in which the chairman
of the committee might be prevailed on to give
way. That last application is for witnesses to
examine into matters in the Westmoreland dis-
trict, of which district it is said that the chairman
is himself the Representative. I could not for a
moment conceive but that the chairman would
gladly step forward, court the most rigid inves-
tigation, and say, " yes, sir; take subpenas for
any number of witnesses you desire." But in-
stead of that, the chairman replied," I have some
personal acquaintance with matters in that dis-
trict, and I decline to give you subpenas for the
witnesses. I know that they are not Government
officers, and therefore I decline to give you sub-
penas."
I say that this is a great outrage; that it is a
foul spot upon the fame of the Republican party
which all the waters of the ocean cannot cleanse.
Gentlemen upon the other side may smile; but j
that, I think, will bo the verdict of "the country j
upon this unjust and iniquitous refusal to allow j
an Administration which has been assailed bv the |
committee an opportunity to defend itself. "My j
colleague on the committee from Massachusetts j
says that the investigation has already taken up !
so much time that it will be impossible to examine
these witnesses.
Mr. TRAIN. No,sir;I said that,if these wit-
nesses were summoned now, we should have to
detain them here for a very long time, orelse break
off the investigation where we now arc, for the
purpose of going into this other matter.
Mr. WINSLOW. It amounts, then, to closing
the door against any reply on the part of the Gov-
ernment to these charges of fraud made before the
committee. One of the charges was, that fraud
had been committed by the Democratic party in
the election in Pennsylvania. I am informed that,
when that question comes to be examined into,
frauds still blacker will be found to have been
committed by the other party. How is that to be
shown ? The gentleman says that when he gets
through he will give the Administration an op-
portunity to reply. Is this an indictment against
the Administration ? Is it an impeachment of the
President, to be conducted according to the forms
of the law that obtain in courts, where the pros-
ecutor makes out his case and then calls on the
defendant to reply ? What time will there be to
reply ?
But, sir, the record shows that, in April last, I
asked for subpenas for these witnesses; and it is
now June, and these witnesses have not been sum-
moned. The gentleman replies that there is no
money with which to summon them. I asked for
no money. It is sufficient for me to get subpenas,
and let the witnesses come if they will. 1 have
yet to learn that witnesses can ask for money
before they can bo coerced to attend.
Mr. COVODE. Yes, sir, a number of witnesses
have refused to come*
Mr. WINSLOW. I think they are bound to
come—bound to obey the mandate of the House.
Mr. COVODE. f state that witnesses have
refused to come without pay.
Mr. WINSLOW. Not one of these witnesses
has refused to come, because no subpenas have
been issued.
Now, sir, let us see how the case stands ? The
application is to the chairman to issue subpenas.
Thatapplication is based upon a letter in my pos-
session from a gentleman m Pennsylvania, one
who is said to be respectable, and who took the
opportunity to tell me that he had already written
to the chairman of our committee on the subject
before he wrote to me; and that letter, among the
multitude of letters, anonymousandotherwise, in
the hands of the chairman, has never yet, to this
day, been produced before the committee.
Mr. CAMPBELL. As the gentleman from
North Carolina can only be disposed to proceed
fairly in this matter, touching the chaiacter and
standing of my worthy colleague, [Mr. Sckan-
ton,] 1 ask him to furnish the name of the party
from whom he obtained his information.
Mr. WINSLOW. 1 cannot name him here.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I call upon the gentleman
for the name here, as Mr. Scranton shrinks from
no investigation, and I demand it.
Mr. WINSLOW. Then give me the sub-
penas.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I do not object to that. 1
will vote for it with all my heart. 1 want to know
if the gentleman will allow some "man, who skulks
behind an anonymous letter to the committee, to
strike, assassin-like, at the character of a worthy
gentleman, and yet refuse to give his name to the
country?
Mr. WINSLOW. My nature is incapable of
any such injustice.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I am sure of it.
Mr. WINSLOW. But, if I were to do it, I
should only imitate the illustrious example of the
chairman of the committee.
Mr. COVODE. It is proper for me to correct
my worthy colleague again. I told my colleague
that I would send for one, two, three, or four wit-
nesses at ally time, to see if there was any ground
for the charge; and, up to this time, my colleague
lias never told me that these witnesses have any
connection with the Government, or intend to
prove anything.
Mr. WINSLOW. I ask no favors from the
committee; none in the world. I stand upon my
rights. It is my right, as a member of the com-
mittee appointed by you, sir, and thus enjoying |
your confidence, and, 1 trust, the confidence of the
House, to have witnesses summoned to investi-
gate the matters which you appointed me to in-
vestigate.
Mr. COVODE. Mr. Speaker, I have never re-
fused to summon any witness who was in the
city whom the gentleman from North Carolina
desired to have summoned. But I have declined,
on his request, to summon thirty or forty witnesses
from abroad, of whom we know nothing, at a cost
of from five to ten thousand dollars to the Gov-
ernment. I have brought every witness my col*
league on the committee has requested, who is in
any way connected with the Government.
Mr.WINSLOW. I have asked for butasingle
witness in the city.
Mr. COVODE. Why, Mr. Speaker, the gen-
tleman from North Carolina has brought wit-
nesses into the committee-room without being
summoned at all; and we have received them and
examined them.
Mr. WINSLOW. Yes, sir; that is a subject
which I intend discussing fully before I have done,
and I am very much obliged to the gentleman for
calling my attention to the subject, for I had no
reference to it upon my notes. Now, sir, so far
as this number of thirty or forty witnesses is
concerned, m the case of Mr. Sckanton's dis-
trict, the record which I have presented will show
that I only ask for eight. And so far as the sum-
moning of witnesses is concerned, I state that the
records will show that, until this morning, not a
single witness has been' summoned by order of
the committee but upon the mere will of the chair-
man; and I call upon the Speaker of this House
hereafter to refuse to issue his subpena for any
witness until he has evidence before him that the
committee have ordered such witness to be sum-
moned.
Mr. COVODE. Let me correct the gentleman.
There, never has been a motion made in commit-
tee to summon any witness until this morning,
when a new order of the committee was made.
Mr. WINSLOW. There is the word of the
chairman of the committee on dne side, and the
word of Mr. Winslow on the other side; let the
country judge. I say the attention of the com-
mittee has been repeatedly called to the fact; but
the chairman has paid no attention to it.
Mr. COVODE. Neither the gentleman from
North Carolina nor any other member of the com-
mittee has made any motion upon this subject
until this morning.
Mr. WINSLOW. There did not need to be
any motion made. It has been repeatedly said
in the committee that the chairman must not
bring witnesses there unless the committee sanc-
tioned it.
Mr. ROBINSON, of Illinois. I have this to
say upon thatsubject: that at different times, from
the organization of the committee down to the
present day, Governor Winslow has stated to the
chairman that witnesses ought not to be subpe-
naed there without the order or consent of the
committee.
Mr. PETTIT. I rise to a question of order.
The point of order I make is, that all these allu-
sions by gentlemen on both sides to what trans-
pired within the committee are not competent or
proper to be made, except in one mode, namely,
by the report of the committee.
Mr. WINSLOW. I agree entirely with the
gentleman from Indiana; and he will permit me
to say that it is not I who have first made these
allusions; and even when the chairman has made
them, I have declined to recriminate, except in
self-defense
Mr. ROBINSON, of Illinois. I hope I shall
not be interrupted until I have finished the state-
ment I rose to make.
Mr. PETTIT. It was in reference to the
statement the gentleman from Illinois is now
making that I raised the question of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair believes it is too
late now to make the question of order. Gentle-
men have indulged in these statements until the
Chair hardly sees how it is proper now to stop
them. .
Mr. PETTIT. Will the Chair permit me to
mention that these allusions to what has trans-
pired in the committce-room are on a wholly new
subject, and now being made for the first time?
I make the point of order, not that this was not a
question of privilege which would have been well
taken if made when this subject was introduced
yesterday, but that to make these statements is a
breach of the confidence of the committee-room
about its business, which cannot be exposed or
made a subject of remark here except by the
authority of the committee.
The SPEAKE-R. The Chair is hardly able to
discriminate. It is not in order, as a general
proposition, to refer to what has transpired in a
committee; but the Chair is hardly able, after this
