THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. -
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. KITES, WASHINGTON, D. 0.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, JANUARY 31, 1860.
New Series.....No*.39.
I could not do, sir, with my own sense of propriety
and truth. And now, sir, I wisl\ to say that, so
far as I am concerned, and so far as the allegations
contained in that article read from the Tribune
allude to me, they are wholly and totallyuntrue.
I made no pledge, in the canvass of 1858, to the
Republican party, directly or indirectly, that I
would aid them in the election of a Speaker, or in
the organization of the House in any manner or
form. At home, my position upon this question
is well understood; and, as I remarked a moment
ago, it is not necessary for me to say a single word
so far as my position there is concerned. I was
elected as a Democrat, avowing, in every speech
I made during the canvass, that my political prin-
ciples were unchanged.
My competitor, who is an able man and a higfe-
toned gentleman, and it does me pleasure to bear
witness to that faot upon this floor, on many oc-
casions during that canvass read from a speech
delivered by me in this House on the Lecompton
question, about two years ago, for the purpose of
showing to the Republican party that I was not
one of them, and therefore was not entitled to their
support. He had a perfect right to do so—it was
fair and proper that he should do so. I desire
just here to have read from the Clerk's desk the
extract from my speech which my competitor
read, and to which 1 have referred.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"Now, sir, let us turn to the platform of principles
adopted by the Republican party in the convention wluch
assembled at Philadelphia, on the question of slavery. Here
it is:
"' Resolved, That the Constitution confeis upon Con^ro^s
sovereign power over the IVmtories of the United fcTtates
for their government; arid that, in the exercise ot thw
power, it is both the right and duty of Congiess to prohibit
in tho Territories those twin relics of baibausin, polygamy
and slavery.'
* * * *******
" The platform of the Republican part}', which I have
presented, is ill palpable conflict with that of the Demo-
cratic partv. It justifies and counsels direct intervention
of Congress with the institution of slavery; and, to-day, it
meets my unqualified disapprobation and hostility, as it ever
did. I condemn it in theoiy, in principle, and in practice.
I should regard its enforcement as unwise, inexpedient, and
dangeious to the peace of the countiy, and to the integrity
of the Union of these States. Then, sir, if f stand where
1 have always stood, in an attitude o! open liostiht} to the
avowed principles of the Republican party, who shall daie
accuse me of deserting the Democratic for the Republican
faith ?"
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. When that extract
from my speech was read by my competitor, I
reavowed that doctrine, and was! explicit in doing
so, saying, at, the same time, that I had not
changed the opinions there expressed; and that,
if any gentleman 111 my congressional district
voted'for me for a seat in C.ongress, he voted tor
me with a full knowledge that 1 then entertained
those opinions, as expressed in that speech; so
that after tho election was over, no gentleman
could fairly charge me with having obtained his
vote without a full knowledge of the position I
occupied.
Mr. Clerk, I still maintain that doctrine, and I
intend to maintain it, let what may come. My
congressional district is largely Democratic; and
it was well known to the Republican party that
they could not elect a candidate m opposition to
the nominee of the Democratic party. If I had
liot been a candidate for Congress, the nominee of
the Democratic party w.ould now occupy the seat
I have the honor to hold upon this floor. That,
sir, the Republican party well know. Many of
that party voted for me for the purpose of rebuk-
ing tho Administration for its Lecompton policy,
• as they expressed it. Others supported me as a
choice of evils between two Democratic candi-
dates. But all, as far as I know, who voted for
me, did so with a full knowledge of the position
I occupied upon the slavery question, fully, freely,
and frankly proclaimed on all occasions. I thank
them for their support.
Sir, I did denounce this Administration for its
Lecompton policy, and for that which naturally
flowed from it—the proscription, Mr. Clerk, by
this Democratic Administration, of Democrats for
standing upon what I then understood, and still
39
understand, to be the platform of the Democratic
party upon the subject of slavery in the Territo-
ries. I have never made any concessions to this
Administration of my position on that question,
and I intend never to do so. My position on that
question was deliberately taken, and time has
served to convince me that I was right. There
was a spirit of proscription on the part of this
Administration toward anti-Lecompton Demo-
crats, that was unpardonable. I denounced it as
political tyranny, and 1 .shall continue to do it
whenever and wherever it is necessary; but, sir,
in doing that, I never sacrificed any of my Dem-
ocratic opinions and principles.
"Mr. Greeley pretends to allege what I said and
pledged to the Republicans of my district. Within
a few weeks past the Wabash Express, a lead-
ing Republican paper of my district, published at
Tcrre Haute, in speaking of my position here,
used language which I desire the Clerk will read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"Whether Mr Davis intends now to vote on anyone
occasion with the Republican party in Congress is a matter
entirely ot his own. So far as the Republican party 111 this
congressional district is concerned, they have no pledges
from him, nor has he any fiom them. If his own sense of
right will not lead him to espouse the Republican doctrines,
and act with the Republican paity, we have but little hope
ot Ins conversion, for he is under no pledges to do 10.
"We have said thus much in justiec'to the party that
oppose the Democracy in this district, 111 justice to Mr.
Davis, and because it is true."
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. That is, I say, from
the leading Republican paper of my district, and
that paper must have known tho position I took
in my canvass. I thank the editor of that paper
here in my place for the justice he has done me.
I will now have read an extract from another
very respectable Republican paper, published in
my own town, called the Parke County Repub-
lican, and which, of all others, must know what
pledges I made, if any, to the Republican party
of my district.
The Clerk read, as follows:
e( While he never professed to be a Republican, and while
he made no pledge to that party to obtain its vote, he eer
tamly did owe it to himself to stand firm in opposition to
the Administration, which he denounced a* infamous."
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I think I have said
enough to show that Mr. Greeley is grossly, per-
haps innocently, mistaken as to the allegations
contained in his article. I will add one word
more, however: that I am not to be driven from
my sense of propriety, nor out of the Democratic
party, so long as it stands by Democratic prin-
ciples, as embodied in the Cincinnati platform,
and interpreted by Mr. Buchanan in his letter ac-
cepting the nomination for President, in 1856, by
any attacks upon me, from any quarter whatever.
In a colloquy which occurred the other day be-
tween my colleagues and myself, in spcakingofthe
vote which I received in my congressional district,
I am reported to have said that 1 received a major-
ity of the Democratic votes, a large majority of
the Republican votes, and all the American votes.
I do not think I used the language exactly as
reported, at least I did not intend to do so, and
should have made the correction had I seen the
reporter's manuscript before it went to the press;
and it is due to'myself and to my constituents to
say here what I did intend to say.
I received, sir, in that contest, I believe all the
American voter,; if there were any who did not
vote for me, I am not aware of it. I received the
great body of the Republican votes—there were
a number who did not vote for me—and I shall
ever be grateful for that support; but they voted
for me with a full knowledge of my political prin-
ciples and position. I received a majority of the
Democratic votes in my own county; but it is
probable that, in the aggregate, I did not receive
a majority of the Democratic votes in my district.
That is a fair statement of the votes which I re-
ceived, according to the best information I have
on the subject.
Now, sir, having said thus much, I think I ought
to apologize to the House for taking up so much
of their time by replying to anything which may
appear against me, or any imputation upon my
motives by a newspaper. I think it" ^'generally
out of taste to make personal explanations in ref-
erence to charges which may be made upon gen-
tlemen upon this floor, in the discharge Qf their
high duties, by the newspaper press of the coun-
try, and I think if is the last timS.I shall do-sij, as
it is the first time I have ever'felt it my duty tb do
so upon this floor.
Havingsaid thus much, and thanking the House
for its kind attention, I have done.
Mr. R1GGS. I, too, am included in the charge
made by the New York Tribune, with having vio-
lated pledges made during my canvass in the fall
of 1858. When I saw that charge in the Tribune,
I did not propose to notice it m any way; first,
because the editor of the JNew York Tribune is not
one of my constituents, and I do not consider my-
self responsible to any one but- my constituents
for my course upop this floor; and secondly, be-
cause I doubt the propriety of members noticing
newspaper attacks upon this floor; for, if the prac-
tice were generally adopted, the wliole'time of the
House would be consumed in replying to the at-
tacks upon members by the various- newspapers
throughout the country. I therefore say now,
that this is the last time that I will ever make any
reply to a newspaper attack upon my political
character.
Now, Mr. Clerk, as to my position. I was
nominated by a convention of Democrats—anti-
Lecompton Democrats exclusively. There was
no Republican in that convention. The pledges
upon which I was elected are contained in the
resolutions of that convention. I made no pledges,
express or implied, outside of the resolutions
parsed by that convention. Those resolutions
bind me to maintain the doctrine of popular sov-
ereignty. It would be a violation of the spirit of
those resolutions for me to support the Repub-
lican nominee for Speaker of this House, unless
the great interests of the country and the Gov-
ernment should require it; unless there was a
danger that this Government should suspend its
operations from the non-organization of this
House, when these other considerations would
enter into the question. But until that contin-
gency arises, I now say, in answer to the Tribune,
that 1 made no pledge; that there was no pledge,
express, or implied, upon my part, during my
canvass, to aid the Republicans in organizing
this House.
Mr. MrKNIGHT. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce a resolution; and
I ask that it may be read for information.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That hereafter no personal explanation shall
be m order, except to correct the reports in the official
paper of the Iiousc, (Globe,) or to explain or modify lan-
guage used in debate.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I hope there will he no
objection to that resolution. Every person in
this House, I think, will coincide with me in say-
ing that this matter of personal explanation has
grown into an enormous abuse, if not a nuisance.
Every gentleman who takes the floor, after read-
ing a paragraph from some newspaper, says he
does not care anything about it, and yet he con-
sumes the piecious time of this House in explain-
ing the very paragraph. I hope there will be no
objection to the resolution. If there is any mis-
take in the official report, let gentlemen, of course,
correct it. But this taking up a paper here, pub-
lished anywhere from the Aroostook boundary to
Bayou Sara, and having it read here, I think is
all nonsense.
Mr. MAYNARD. I must object to that reso-
lution.
Mr. McKMGIIT. I am sorry for it.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to say, that I have
made no personal explanation, and hope I shall
have no occasion to make any, but the personal
honor of every gentleman must be in his own keep-
ing, he must be the custodian of it himself. There
are occasions on which gentlemen upon this floor,
in justice to themselves, are required to make cor-
rections of misstatements offacts, or misrepresent-
ations of their opinions. We must leave it to the
