1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1029
the Governor of that State for selecting lands
granted. The time allpwed him is about to run
out, unless this bill shall be passed. It was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands, and by
themunanimouslyreported, with arecommenda-
tion that it ought to pass. I am sure there is no
Senator who can have any objection to it. Itwill
not take a minute to pass it; and I hope the Sen-
ator will allow it to be taken up and passed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the Chair will state that there is but one
mode, and that will be a motion to postpone the
prior orders.
Mr. WADE. If this bill is not to lead to any
debate, I shall not be captious about it; but if it
leads to any debate, I shall move to postpone it.
Mr. LANE. It cannot lead to 911 y debate.
Mr. WADE. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the Senator
from Oregon asks unanimous consent to suspend
informally the special order, with a view to take
up Senate bill No. 82. The Chair hears no ob-
jection.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 82) to
amend the fourth section of the "Actfortheadmis-
sion of Oregon into the Union," so as to extend
thu time for selecting salt springs and contiguous
lands in Oregon. It proposes to extend the time
forseloeting the salt springs and contiguous lands,
according to the provisions of the fourth section
of the " Act for the admission of Oregon into the
Union,'' approved February 14, 1859, to three
years from the passage of this act.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
COLONEL WILLIAM TII01IPS0X.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I hope gentlemen will
indulge me by granting me five minutes; it shall
not be longer. A bill was passed last Friday,
when private bills were considered, granting to
the heirs of Colonel William Thompson certain
moneys for his military services due jmder the
resolves of Congress. Itwas discovered after the
passage of the bill that there was an error in the
amount granted. I asked for a reconsideration of
the vote by which the bill was passed, and that
it might be deferred until I could have an oppor-
tunity of correcting it. I am prepared now to
make the correction, and ask that the bill may be
taken up. It will occupy but a moment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is in-
formed by the Secretary that the vote passing the
bill was reconsidered.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. It was reconsidered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the question
is on the passage of the bill (S. No. 188) for the
relief of the survivin^gratidchildren of Colonel
William Thompson of the revolutionary army
of South Carolina.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I must ask for a recon-
sideration of the vote by which the bill was or-
dered to a third reading. I desire to offer an
amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Now I offer this in lieu
of the first section of the bill, after the enacting
clause:
That there be paid, out of any money in the Tieasury
not otherwise appi oprialed, to W ilham E. Haskell, L narles
T. Haskell, Charlotte Rhett, widow of James b. ltnctt.
Maty E. Darby, widow of A. B. Darby, Caroline Lewis,
widow of Doctor John B. Lewis, Charlotte A Goodwin,
wife of Robert H. Goodwin, the giandchildren and heirs
of William Thompson, who was a colonel of the third
regiment of South Carolina mounted continental troops
during the levolutionaiv war, the sum ot §7,388 82,
the half pay for life to which their ancestor, thu said \\ il-
ham Thompson was entitled under the resolution of Con-
gress, for In? services as colonel aforesaid throughout the
war of the Revolution.
Mr. PTJGH. I would suggest to my friend from
Kentucky, in order to avoid any controversy here-
after, to add the words "said Colonel William
Thompson having elected not to take the com-
mutation of five years' full pay." I move to
amend the amendment, by adding these ^ ores.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the amendment,as amended, was adopted
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
HOMESTEAD BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (H.R. No.
280) to secure homesteads to actual settlers on the
public domain.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President 
Mr. JOHNSON, ofTennessee. Before the.Sen-
ator proceeds I wish simply to present an amend-
ment that I intend to offer to the bill, for the pur-
pose of having it printed.
.The motion to print was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, before pro-
ceeding directly to the discussion of the merits of
the proposition pending before the Senate, I desire
to make a few observations by way of reply to
some of the remarks which fell from the honorable
Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Ciiesnut] yes-
terday. I listened with great pleasure and with
great attention to that Senator. His clearness of
statement, his dignity of tone and of manner, no
less than the deep earnestness and sincerity with
which his views were presented, were such as to
command my respect; and while I dissent from him
in some of the conclusions at which he arrived, I
do concur in some things advanced by him.
Mr. President, I have not yet seen the report of
his speech, nor did T take any notes of it as de-
livered; but there were some three or four points
which I desire to notice before coming to the con-
sideration of the homestead bill."
The honorable Senator advises us upon this side
of the Chamber to correct our philosophy and be-
come truer and better students of nature; that we
should learn the laws stamped by the Creator upon
the human race,and upon the physical world: and
that we should endeavor to shape our course, as
legislators and statesmen, in accordance with those
laws. In the principle thus laid down, I most
fully concur. I do believe that it is the duty, and
the highest duty, of the statesman and legisla-
tor, to study the laws of nature and to legislate in
accordance therewith. I do not subscribe to the
doctrine of the great Senator from Massachusetts
(Mr. Webster) that we should not reenact the
will of God; that it is useless for us m legislation
to consult the laws of nature, and to make our
enactments conform to them.
I agree with the honorable Senator from South
Carolina that we should study nature and na-
ture's laws; but the result of that study teaches us
no such doctrine as the honorable Senator main-
tains, that one of the races of mankind has su-
perior natural and political rights, denying as
he did the equality of all men in that sense in
which their equality was declared by our ances-
tors in 1776. Although this subject has been a
hundred times discussed upon this floor and else-
where, I desire in a single word to state what I
believe was the true understanding of that dec-
laration. I do not believe that our ancestors
intended to declare, that in the temperate latitudes
and upon the same soil, and side by side, the In-
dian or the negro was mentally, and physically,
and morally, in all rWpccts, the uqual of the
;i white man "or the descendants of the Caucasian
race; nor do I believe that they intended to de-
clare that the white man m the tropical regions
and under the burning sun, side by side v."id: the
negro, the child of the tropics and if the sun, was
in all respects, both intellectually and physically,
the equal of the negro.
Ay, sir, study the laws of nature—those higher
laws, which God, the Almighty, has stamped
unon tins earth, and stamped upon us. Under
I this highest law, the white man cannot live in the
! tropics for many generations, and maintain his
j supremacy and superiority over the children of
the tropics. He must mingle with tHo colored
i race, or cease to propagate his species. He has
i tried it, and lies always failed. Such has been
i the experience of the world, and such is the law
j of nature. The white man has never yet invaded
tropical Africa, and, under its burning sun and
\ in its tropical regions, established his supremacy
| over the negro lace. And why.' Because tae
i laws of nature are stronger than the will o{ man,
I and he must yield to their supremacy,
j Mr. President, the history of the world demon-
i stratcs this. How is it in San Domingo r The
1 white man, under the greatestempeior <>' modern
! times, endeavored to assert and maintain his su-
premacy there over the colored race, but could
not. The laws of climate, of disease, of health,
overcame the white man,and the best soldiers of
Napoleon were compelled to yield to the colored
man. The most powerful nation of the age when
America wasdiscovered,the Spanish nation, con-
quered and took possession of the tropical region^
of this continent, but their race is losing its power-
in all those regions. Nature asserting her suprem-
acy, and in the tropics, the children ofthe tropics,
superior to the white man there, physically at
least, will, by the laws of climate and population,
overwhelm him at last.
Now, Mr. President, what did our forefathers
mean when they declared that all are created
equal ? Not that they are equal in fortune, in tal-
ent, in physical strength, or in moral character; not
an equality of powers, but an equality of rights to
life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. There
is not an equality of powers, even among our own
race. We see some men highly gifted by nature,
some in mental and some in physical superiority
to others. One of the strongest necessities for
any Government at all grows out of this very in-
equality of powers, in order to secure the equal
rights of the weak from the oppressions and ex-
actions of the strong. The strong can take care of
themselves; but to secure the equal rights of the
weak, Governments are instituted. Come down
to the fundamental element in human society—
man in his family relations. One man has just as
good a right to himself and to his wife and to his
children as any other man has to himself or to his
wife or to his children. If we were to grant your
proposition, that one people is inferior to another,
it by no means follows that therefore the stronger
has the right to enslave niul sell the weaker, or
his wife, or children. It is a perfect non sequitur
on the ground of natural right.
I know it has been said on this floor that Jef-
ferson, who drafted the Declaration of Independ-
ence, did not intend to refer to the men of Africa.
How any person can make that statement, after
reading the original draft of the Declaration of
Independence, as submitted to Congress by Mr.
Jefferson, Mr. Adams, and Mr. Franklin, I am
at a loss to determine; for in thc/nc simile before
me, in the very same instrument in which they
declared that "all men are created equal"—in tho
same instrument, and in the handwriting of Mr.
Jefferson, is contained this language denouncing
the King of Great Britain;
"Tin has ivnm'd eruel war against human nature itself,
-violating it- ti i os i sacicd ri^ht of life and Liheity in the per-
sons of a distant people who never offended him, captivat-
ing ant! carrying them into slavety m another hemisphere,
or to incur a misoiable death m their transportation thither.
This piratical waifarc, tile opprobrium of infidel Powers,
is the waifare of the Christian King of Great Britain, ill'-
leimim'd to keep open a market where men should be
bought and sold."
The word "men,"here used, is printed in large .
capital letters, in Jefferson's_ own hand, to give
double emphasis when ho said that the children
of Africa are " men" within the meaning of this
very Declaration of Independence; and how any
man can get up here and say that the committee
did not mean to include all the races of men, even
the African, is to me most extraordinary. Tho
contrary is demonstrated, made absolutely cer-
tain; there can bo no doeibt, no tw® opinions about
what Mr. Jefferson, Mr. Adams, and Mr. Frank-
lin meant when they submitted this Declaration
to Congress.
Mr. President, I understand this to declare in
general terms, and as applicable all over the world,
that by the law of nature one man has just as
much right to himself, to his wife, and to his
children, as any other man has to himself, his
;! wife, or his children. The honorable Senatorfrom
South Carolina also enjoined us to read the Serip-
tures; that we should "search the Scriptures,"
' to use his language. Well, if I read the Scrip-
tures aright, and 1 believe that I do, they declare
that in the beginning God the Creator made man,
a Single pair, male and female, but with no slaves,
and He gave to man dominion over the earth, tho
sea, and the air; but He gave him no dominion
ovei his fellow man. The Declaration of Inde-
pendence simply reasserts that great fundamenta
law of creation; and I put the question to any
Senator: here are two families side by side in so-
ciety—what right has one man to enslave another;
take away his wife or his children.' what natural
right? What natural right have I, because I am
;i white, or because 1 may have been educated, to
;j hold another man because he is black, or because
'i he is ignorant, because he is weak.' Where is
'j my natural right to do it? There is no founda-
!i tien for it in the law of nature. Its only founda-
