1860.
THE CONGRESSION AL GLOBE.
611
country and the absolute necessity for an organi-
zation, why cannot we all unite upon him? I
shall most chccrfully support him, and I trust
that it will be the pleasure of the opposition to
the Republican party of this House to unite upon
him. [Cries of " Call the roll!"]
THIRTY-NINTH BALLOT TOR SPEAKER.
The House accordingly proceeded to the thirty-
ninth ballot for Speaker, with the following re-
sult: Whole number of votes, 228; necessary to
a choice, 115; of which—
Mr. William N. II. Smith received 112
Mr. Sherman    106
Mr. Corwm  4
Mr. Horace F. Clark  1
Mi. Howard  1
Mr. Vance  1
Mr. Bocock     1
Mi. John G. Davis  I
Mr. Pennington  1
So there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. William N. II. Smith—Messrs. Green Adams,
Thomas L. Ande^on, William C. Anderson, Ashmore,
Aveiy, Barksdale, Bair, Bairctt, Bocock, Bonham, Boteler,
Bouhgny, Boyee, Biab^on, Branch, Brig?«, Bri^tow, Burch,
Burnett^ Hot ace F.Clark, John B. Clark, Clemens, Olopton,
Cobb, John Cochrane, Cooper, Cox, James Craig, Burton
Ciai^e, Ciawford, Curry, Davidson, II. Winter Davis, Reu-
ben Davis, De Jarnette, Diinmlck, Edmundson, English,
Ethendge, Florence, Fouke, Garnett, Gartrell, Gilmer,
Hamilton, Hardeman, J. Mornson Harris, John T. Harris,
Hatton, Hawkins, Hill, Ilindman, Houston, Howard,
Hughes, Jackson, Jenkins, Jones, Keitt, Kunkel, Lamar,
Landrum, Larrabee, James M. Leach, Leake, Logan,
Love, Mallory, Charles D. Martin, Elbert S. Martin, May-
nard,MoClernand, McQueen, Mcltae, Miles, Millson, Mill-
ward, Montgomery, Labnn T. Moore, Sydenham Moore,
IsaacN. Morris, Nelson,Niblack, Noell, Pendleton, Peyton,
Phelps, Pryor, Pugh, Q.uarles, Ileagan, James C. Robinson,
Rufiin, Rust, Scott, Sickles, Singleton, William Smith, Ste-
venson, James A. Stewart, Stokes, Stout, Taylor, Thomas,
Underwood, Vallandigham, Vance, Webster, Wlutelo),
Wmslow, Woodson, and Wright.
For Mr. Sherman—Messrs. Charles F. Adam", Aldrioh,
Alley, Ashley, Babbitt, Beale, Bingham, Blaii, Blake, Biay-
ton, Buffinton, Burlingamc, Burnham, Burroughs. Butter-
field, Campbell, Carey, Carter, Case, Colfax, Conklinp,
Corwin, Covode, Curtis, Dawes, Delano, DuelLDunn, Ed-
gerton, Edward*, EUot, Ely, Farnsworth, Feriton, Ferry,
Foster, Frank, French, Gooch, Graham, Grow, Guiley,
Hale,Hall,Ilaskin, Helmick,Hickman,Hoard,Humphrey,
Hutchins, Irvine, Junkin, Francis W. Kellogg, William
Kellogg, ICenyon, Killmger, DeWitt C- Leach, Lee, Long-
necker, Loomis, Lovejoy, Marston, McKean, McKnigiit,
McPherson, Moorhead, Morrill, Morse, Olin, Palmer, Pen-
nington, Perry, Pettit, Poiter, Potter, Pottle, Rice, Christo-
pher Robinson, Itoyee, Schwartz, Sedgwick, Somes,
Spaulding, Spinnei, Stanton, Stevens, William Stewart,
Tappan, Thayer, Theaker, Tompkins, Train, Trimble,
Vandever, Van Wyck, Veiree, Wade, Waldion, Walton,
CadwaladcrO. Washburn, Ellihu B. Washbume, Israel
Washburn, Wells, Wilson, Windom, and Woodruff.
For Mr. Corwin—Messrs. Edward Joy Morris, Scranton,
Sherman, and Wood.
For Mr. Horace F. Clark—Mr. Adrain.
For Mr. Howard—Mi. John G. Davis.
For Mr. Vance—Mr. William N. H. Smith.
For Mr. Bocock—Mr. Holman.
For Mr. John G. Davis—Mr. Allen.
For Mr. Pennington—Mr. Nixon.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. CLEMENS, when his name was called,
said: Mr. Clerk, I have voted for Mr. Bocock,
then for Mx. Maynard, next for Mr. Scott, then
for Mr. Gilmer, and for other gentlemen, with the
hope and the expectation that I might in some
degree contribute to the restoration of harmony in
our midst. I have gone out as the dove went out
from the ark, with the olive branch, and I have
found no dry spot upon which I could place my
feet in the wide waste of water. I am now dis-
posed to go out upon no more voyages of discovery.
I am disposed to give my vote for the Democratic
nominee, and I hope that he will concentrate the
votes of all his friends.
A few days ago, when Mr. Gilmer, of North
Carolina, voted for his colleague, [Mr. Smith,] T
was struck with surprise by the fact that I found
that there were three or four of his party who con-
tinued to vote for Mr. Giliier himself. Now,
whenever I can find that any gentleman of the cel-
ebrated twenty-three Opposition Americans can
concentrate the whole vote of his party, I will then
consider the propriety of the course I ought to pur-
sue. For the present, I beg leave to wait and see,
and I cast my vote for John J. McRae, of Mis-
sissippi.
The roll having been called through,
Mr.MALLORY said: Ifeelmyself called upon,
at this stage of the proceeding, t® announce the fact
that we have now received enough votes for our
nominee for the Speaker's chair to insure his elec-
tion by the aid of tlin vote of the Democratic party
ofthisHouse. I nowannounce to gentlemen upon
the Democratic side, to the House, and to the
country, the fact that, in view of this state of the
case, we will present Mr. Smith, of North Caro-
lina, again as our candidate for the Speakership
upon the next ballot Every member of our party-
has voted for him. That was the condition pre-
cedent, I understand, prescribed by gentlemen
upon the other side of the House to obtaining their
votes. Even now, if they will riso in their places
before the result is announced, and cliangc their
votes, they may make Mr. Smith, of North Car-
olina Speaker of this IJouse, and the Republican
party will thereby be defeated. Let the country
know the fact. [Applause.]
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I change my vote from
Mr. Florence to Mr. Smith, of North Carolina.
Mr. LAMAR. 1 change my vote from Mr.
Bocock to Mr. Smith, of North Carolina.
Mr. ASHMORE. Under the circumstances,
Mr. Clerk, which are now presented to this House,
I will change my vote from Mr. Bocock to Mr.
Smith, of North Carolina.
Mr. SICKLES. On a former occasion, sir, I
had the pleasure of voting for Mr. Maynard, of
Tennessee. Some exceptions were taken to that
vote in quarters which I think entitled to respect;
and I gave, not only upon this floor, but on a
subsequent occasion through the press, my rea-
sons for the vote. It is not without embarrass-
ment, and without some necessity for.cxplanation,
that a northern Democrat, representing a constitu-
encymwhich there are many adopted citizens, can
vote for a gentleman of the southern Opposition,
who, if he have not antecedents such as to make
him obnoxious to a portion of my constituency,
has at least association with those of that tendency.
But I am one fully disposed and prepared to meet
my constituents, and say to them, that when I
vote for a member of that party, I vote for a
national, conservative man, and with a sincere
desire to allay the exciting agitation which threat-
ens so many disasters to the country; and I have
no doubt that they will accord full justice to my
motives and indorse my action. I therefore desire
to change my vote; and understanding it is possi-
ble to elect Mr. Smith, of North Carolina, if those
Democrats who, upon this ballot, have not voted
for him, will change their votes, I do change my
vote from Mr. Bocock to Mr. Smith, of North
Carolina. [Applause from the galleries.]
The CLERK. The Clerk appeals to the gal-
leiies to preserve order and decorum. These man-
ifestations of feeling interrupt and disturb the
proceedings upon the floor, and the Clerk does
hope that the galleries will abstain from manifesta-
tions of applause during the voting.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. As long as
I believed that the only effect of my vote would
be a mere compliment to my friend, Mr. Smith, of
North Carolina, and would not change the result,
I have voted uniformly for Mr. Bocock. But, be-
lieving that now this long contest can bo termin-
ated, I with pleasure cast my vote for Mr. Smith,
of North Carolina.
Mr. CLEMENS. I desire to ask the officers
now at the Clerk's desk, if I have the right to do
so, whether the gentleman from North Carolina
has received the vote of his own party? [Cries
of" Yes !" " Yes!"]
Mr. BINGHAM. I object to that inquiry.
The CLERK. The Clerk will state that it is
not in order to make inquiries of that kind.
Mr. CLEMENS. Then I do not make the
inquiry. I do not flatter myself with the idea
that it was in response to the suggestion I made
that three geittlemen who have voted from the first
for Mr. Gilmer changed their votes, but inas-
much as Mr. Smith himself comes from the State
of North Carolina, the very State which hasgiven
birth to the author of the book now the subject of
controversy in this House, and which has been
from the first ail obstacle to its organization, I be-
lieve that the conservative gentlemen upon all sides
have it in their power to administer a merited
rebuke to the other side of the House, by electing i
the gentleman from North Carolina to presideover
the deliberations of this House, and save this
country in this time of peril into which it has been 1
driven. I have not the pleasure of the acquaint-
ance of the gentleman from North Carolina. I
do not know that I ever saw him; but, actuated
alone by a desire to present a united action here,
and desirous that no factious opposition of my
own, humble though it may be, shall be an ob-
struction to the organization of this House, I
change my vote from Mr4 McRjus, and give it to
Mr. Smith, of North Carolina.
Mr. BRANCH. I desire to change my vote.
I have no explanation to make, and will only ex-
press the hope that my colleague may be elected
Speaker of this House. X change my vote from
Mr. Bocock to Mr. Smith, of North Carolina.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I deem it my duty
to yield something of individual opinion for the
sake of contributing to tho repose of the country,
so far as that result can be attained by an organ-
ization of the House. Therefore, without the
waiver of any political views of ray own, and
without tho adoption of his, and for the sake of
organization, I change my vote from Mr. Davis,
of Indiana, and give it for the gentleman from
North Carolina. ,
Mr. REAGAN. I voted for Mr. Bocock: I
now change my vote to Mr. Smith, of North
Carolina.
Mr. McQUEEN. I have no explanation to
make. I always vote as I please, and have 110
explanation to make to anybody. I change my
vote from Mr. Bocock to Mr. Smith, of North
Carolina.
Mr. SINGLETON. I have not heretofore, as
it is well known, voted outside of the Democratic
organization; but I am not willing to stand in the
way of an election of a Speaker; and without any
explanation to the House—I say, sir, without any
explanation to the House for my action, reserv-
ing that for my constituents, if it shall be neces-
sary to make any explanation at all—I change
my vote from Mr. Bocock to Mr. Smith, of North
Carolina.
Mr. WHITELEY. I change my vote from
Mr. Bocock to Mr. Smith, of North Carolina.
Mr. WIN SLOW. I desire to change my vote
from Mr. Larrabee to Mr. Smith, of North
Caroling.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. I desire to
change my vote from Mr. Burnett to Mr. Smith,
of North Carolina.
Mr. PUGH. I voted for Mr. Singleton. I
change my vote to Mr. Smith, of North Caro-
lina. .
Mr. BARKSDALE. I change my vote from
Mr. Bocock to Mr. Smith, of North Carolina.
Mr. STEVENSON. I change my vote from
Mr. Bocock to Mr. Smith, of North Carolina.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Mr. Clerk, I wish
to submit a word* to the House in regard to the
vote I have given, and in regard to the vote I pro-
pose to give. Evidently, in the eye of the coun-
try, and in the eye of this House and this assem-
bled audience, we have arrived at a crisis which,
if changes of votes continue to be made, will result
in the election of a Speaker for the Thirty-Sixth
Congress of the United States. It is in reference
to that great result and its consummation at this
time, and in reference to the personal responsibil-
ity which now I deem to devolve upon me, that
I wish to submit to the country and my constit-
uency a few words as to the course I shall prob-
ably pursue.
Sir, the organization of this House is a consum-
mation devoutly to be prayed for. It is upon that
we have been engaged now for these many weeks.
It is that to which the eyes and the hearts of pa-
triots throughout the country have been so long
directed. It is that alone which prevents the
administration of national affairs; and it is, there-
fore, that to which we should beaid our undivided
efforts. But if that alone were the object to be ac-
complished, many and many a week ago is it that
each man in this House, without regard to political
distinctions, should have cast his vote for any gen-
tleman, indiscriminately, who was proposed as a
candidate for his suffrage.
If that be the paramount and exclusive ^bject,
wliy, then, did gentlemen upon this side refrain
from casting their votes for John Sherman, of
Ohio ? Why, if that bo the paramount and ex-
clusive object, did gentlemen upon the other side
restrain their votes from Thomas S. Bocock, of
Virginia? Why, sir, I ask, in the name of pa-
triotism, if the organization of this House be the
exclusive and main object within the aim and
desire of men in the United States, why, under
those considerations, was it not that the small
number of men, the five anti-Lecomptonites upon
this floor, as they have been called, did not leave
