190
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 4,
36th Cong. .. .1st Sess.
Polygamy in the Territories■—Mr. Nelson.
Ho. of Reps.
Territories is not given in that clause of the Con-
stitution which declares that Congress shall have
power to make all needful rules and regulations
concerning the territory and other property of the
United States. I am satisfied that it is only to
be derived from the executive power of the na-
tion, which embraces within it the war-making
power and the treaty-making power. That, in
my opinion, is the only power which enables this
Government to make acquisitions of territory;
and it is also the only power through whose ex-
ercise we can retain the territory until temporary
governments are organized for it, or it is admitted
into the Union as a State. The war power, which
is embraced in the executive power, can only be
exerted with the consentof Congress, as the Con-
gress aiono has the power to declare war; but
after war is declared, the power of waging it is in
the President. And it is almost the same with the'
treaty-making power, for that can be exerted only
with the consent of the Senate. With these lim-
itations, the executive department of the Govern-
ment of the United States possesses all the power
which the Executive of a national Government
can exercise, under the law of nations, within
the limits of territory acquired by the sword, or
by treaty. He can exercise these, and nothing
more. That exercise of power, however, is sub-
jected to regulation and control by Congress,
through the exercise of the various powers con-
ferred on that department of the Government by
the Constitution.
Cut, Mr. Speaker, this is not a subject I sup-
posed 1 should bo called to speak upon to-day. I
had not anticipated the strictures upon my remarks
which the gentleman from Virginia [ Mr. Mill-
son] saw fit to indulge in. I have not discusscd
it, 1 am afraid, in a manner satisfactory to the
House, for I have not succeeded in discussing it
to my own satisfaction,as 1 have spoken under the
pressure of circumstances, and without an oppor-
tunity of arranging my thoughts or considering
the proportion which should be given to the va-
rious parts of the subject.
POLYGAMY IN UTAH.
si
SPEECH OF HON. T. A. R. NELSON,
OF TENNESSEE,
In thc House of Representatives,
Jiprii 4 and 5, 18G0,
On ihr- bill to suppress polygamy in Utah Territory.
Mr NELSON said:
Mr. Speaker: As I have not been in the habit
of interrupting other gcntlcmrn while addressing
the House, and as I have manifested a disposition,
so far as the discussion of this bill has been under
my control, to allow every gentleman to address
the House who desired to do so, and have only
sailed the previous question upon the manifesta-
tion of what seemed to be a general desire upon
the partofamajonty of the members of the House
to bring the debate to a close, I wish to say now
thatl will not yield the floor for any further inter-
ruption, unless it be desired by the Delegate from
Utah: and then only for a brief space of time.
This bill, Mr. Speaker, is conceded by all to be
one of vast importance. The discussion which
it has elicited has been conducted more like a de-
bate than any discussion that I have heard in this
Hou*c. I think much good has been derived from
the interchange of opinions by different gentle-
men in regard to it.
I am opposed to the amendments which have
been offered; not because I objcct to the principles
involved in them, but because I think it inexpe-
dient to clog the original bill with amendments
relating to the division of the Territory of (Jtab,
which may more properly come up before the
House in a bill maturely considered and properly
reported by the Committee on Territories.
The question as to dividing the Territory of
Utah, or repealing the organic act, was not sub-
mitted to the Judiciary Committee, and we could
not, with propriety, under the rules of this House,
report any bill on that subject. To make our legis-
lation effectual, it may be necessary and proper to
adopt a bill similar in principle to that contem-
plated in the amendment of the gentleman from
North Carolina, IMr. Brjujcu,] or to that pro-
vided for in the amendment submitted by the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. McClernand;] and I
will cheerfully support any measure within our
constitutional powers which may seem Best cal-
culated to extirpate the grossest vices that have
ever been tolerated under any civilized Govern-
ment. Such a measure, in my judgment, will be
more appropriately considered upon an independ-
ent proposition, and, whenever presented, will
receive my earnest and cordial approbation.
In the remarks which I desire to offer to the
House, I propose first to consider the second sec-
tion of the bill as reported by the Committee on
the Judiciary, because, in reference to that sec-
tion, I apprehend that there can be no serious dif-
ference of opinion among the members of the
House. The object of that section is to repeal
an act entitled " An act incorporating the Church
of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints," enacted
by the Territorial Legislature of Utah. That act,
which is proposed to be repealed by the second
section of the bill, is as follows:
An ordinance incorporating the Church of Jesus Christ of
Latter l)ay Saints.
Sec. 1. Be it ordained by the General •Assembly of the
State of Dcseret, Tii.it ail that poition of the inhabitants of
said State winch now are, or hereafter may become, res-
idents therein, ami which are known and distinguished
as The Chuich 01 Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints, are
hereby incoi pointed, constituted, made, and declared a body
corporate, with peipetual succession, under the original
name and style of The Chutch of Jesus Christ of Latter
Daj Saints, as now organized, with lull power and au-
thonty to sue and be sued, defend and he defended in all
courts of law or equity in tins State, to establish, order, and
regulate worship, and hold and occupy leal and personal
relate, and have and use a seal which they may alter at
pleasuie.
Sec. 2. And be it further ordained, That said body or
ehuich, as a religious society, may, at a general or special
conference, elect one trustee in trust, and not to exceed
twelve assistant trustees, to receive, hold, buy, sell, manage,
use, and control the real and peisonal property of said
church, winch said property shall be free from taxation;
which trustee and assistant trustees, when elected or ap-
pointed, shall give bonds, with approved security, in what-
ever sum the said conference may deem sufficient, for the
faithful performance of their several duties which said
bonds, when appioved, shall be filed in the general church re-
corder's office, at the seat of general church business, when
said bond.4 are approved by said conscience ; andsaid trustee
and assistant trustees shall continue in office during the plea-
*u) e of said church; and there shall als>o be made, by the clerk
of the conteienee of said church,a eei tifieatc of such election
or appointment of said trustee and assistant trustees, which
shall be recoided m the geneial church reeoider's oflice, at
the scat of general chinch business; and when said bonds
are filed and i-aul eeitilicates recoided, said ttu^tee or as-
sistant trustees may receive pioperty, leal oi peisonal, by
gift, donation, bequest, or in any manner not incompatible
with the principles of righteousness orthe rulesof justice ;
inasmuch as the same shall be used, managed, or disposed
of, for the benefit, nnpiovcment, erection of houses for
public worship and instruction, and the well being of saxd
church.
Pro. 3. And be it farther ordained, That, as said church
holds the constitutional and oi iginal right, m common with
all civil and religious communities, "to worship God ac-
cording to the dictates oi conscience to teven-nce com-
munion agreeably to the principles of tiuth, and to sol-
emnize marriage compatible with the revelations of Jesus
CiuUt; for the security and full enjoyment of all blessings
and puvilerres embodied m the leJigion of Jesus Christ free
to all, it. is aho declared, that said chuich does, and shall,
possess and enjoy continually the power and authority, in
and ot itself, to originate, make, pass, and establish rules,
regulations, oidmances, laws, customs, and eriterions for
the good ordei, safety,government.conveniences, comfort,
and control of said church, and foi the punishment or for-
giveness of all offences lelative to fellowship, according to
church covenants; that the pursuit of bliss, and the enjoy-
ment of life, in every capacity of public association and
domestic happiness, temporal expansion, or spiritual in-
crease upon the earth, may not legally bo questioned: Pro-
vided however, That each and evciyactoi pi.ictice so es-
tablished, or adopted for law, or custom, shall iciate to
; solemnities, sacraments.ceremonies,connectations.endow-
ment s, tithing-;, m.irnages, fellow^hip.oi theiehgious duties
ofmantohis Maker;'inasmuch as the doctrines, princi-
ple--, |)iaetieep,orpeii'ormancessT//ipoi£ nriucond ineica&e
morality, and are not inconsistent with, or icpugnant to, the
Constitution of the United States, oi ot this State, and are
founded i7i the rcielotiom of the Lord.
Sec. 4. And be it)nither ordained, That ''aid church shall
keep, at every full organized branch os stake, a registrv ot
marriages, birth*, and deaths fiee tor the inspection ot" all
members, and for their benefit.
Sec. 5. And be it further ordained, That the presidency
of said church shall fill ail vacancies of the assistant trust-
ees necessary to be filled, until superseded by the confer-
ence of said chuich.
Sec. 6. Be it further ordained, That no assistant trustee
ortiustees shall tian^aet business m i elation to buying, sell-
ing. or otheiWHe di-'po-mig of church propprty, without the
consent or approval of the trustee in trust of said church.
Approved, February 8,1851. '
This is the most extraordinary statute that has
ever been enacted on this continent, beyond all
question. "What does this statute of Utah pro-
pose to do*? 1 maintain that it creates a most dan-
gerous corporation, whose powers are contrary
to the spirit of our institutions. Its property,
realand personal,isexemptfrom taxation. Under
that act, and especially by the third section of it,
the Mormon church can, and docs, exercise all
the powers of a government. Rome in her palm-
iest days never claimed or enjoyed greater powers
and privileges than are conferred upon this cor-
poration by the statute ofUtah.
The first amendment to the Constitution of the
United States provides that'{Congress shall make
no law respecting the establishment of religion or
prohibiting the free exercise thereof." Yet this
Utah act does establish a religion; for, in the first
section of the act it is provided that—
" All that portion of the inhabitants of said State, which
now are, or hereafter may become, residents therein, and
winch are known and distinguished as The Church of Je&ua
Christ of Latter Day Saints, are hereby incorporated, con-
stituted, made, and declaied a body corporate, with per-
petual succession, under the original name and style of The
Chuich of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints, as now or-
ganized, with full power and authority to sue and be sued,
defend and be defended in all the courts of law or equity in
this State, to establish,order, and regulate worship, and hold
and occupy real and personal estate, and have and use a
seal winch they may alter at pleasure."
Now, my first proposition is, that if under the
Constitution of the United States it is not compe-
tent for Congress to pass any law'respecting the
establishment of religion, Congress has no power
to delegate such authority as that to the Territory
of Utah; and that it is our duty to repeal this
statute; because, in its very terms, it is a violation
of one of the articles of the Constitution of the
United States.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. I should have
no objection to that second section, if it was simply
confined to disapproving the ordinance. But it
goes further, and reserves all rights of property
acquired under the ordinance proposed to be re-
pealed.
Mr. NELSON. Rights of property may have
been acquired, and properly acquired, under that
ordinance, so far as the act relates to property.
The right of property is one thing, and the right
to establish a religion by law is a different thing;
and while, upon the one hand, I would insist that
any right of property which has been acquired
lawfully under that statute should be preserved
and respected, I urge, upon the other, that the
whole statute should be repealed; because the aim
and purport of the statute is to violate the Consti-
tution of the United States — to do in Utah what
cannot be done in any State of this Union, or by
act of Congress itself: the establishing a gigantic
church corporation, armed with privileges and
prerogatives unknown to, and expressly prohib-
ited by, the Constitution.
That statute confers enormous powers upon a
small body of men, who are vested with more
than regal authority; and over whose acts,if ltbe
permitted to stand, there can be no superintend-
ence, and from whose despotic mandates there
can be no appeal. Among those powers there are
some to which I will briefly call the attention of
the House. One provision is that they shall have
the right to " solemnize marriage compatible with
the revelations of Jesus Christ"—that is to say,
compatible with their pretended revelations, man-
ufactured, from time to time, to suit particular
exigencies, and promote their varying schemes.
Another provision is that it shall—
(i Possess and enjoycontinuallythe power and authority,
in and of itself, to originate, make, pass, and establish rules,
regulations, ordinances, laws* customs, and criteuons, for
the good order,safety, government, conveniences, comfort,
and control of said chuich, and for the punishment or for-
giveness ot all olfenses, relative to fellowship, aecoidmg to
church covenants."
Now, by a liberal interpretation of the third sec-
j tion of the actincorporating the Church of the Lat-
ter Day Saints, it would not be difficult for inter-
ested citizens ofUtah to insist that the power to
make laws, with all the binding force of legisla-
tive enactments, is conferred upon the ecclesias-
tical corporation, if the term ecclesiastical can be
applied to a creation so anomalous. And the
power even to declare war—for the safety of the
church is to be looked to and regarded by the
third section of the law—can be exercised by that
corporation, without resorting to any far-fetched
interpretation, and without any restraint at all.
