1632
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10.
ing white men of the slave States to escape from the
crushing burden of a system whose ablest advo-
cates upon this floor boast that in those States
there never can be any conflict between capital
and labor, for the simple reason that capital is the
absolute master,and labor its captive, and, though
well fed, its unconditional slave.
Mr. WIGFALL. That is it.
Mr. HUNTER. If the Senator from "Wiscon-
sin refers to me, what I have to say is, that I
never said that capital owned the white labor. I
was speaking of the relations between the slave
and the master, and I said the masters owned the
slaves, who constituted the great bulk of the la-
borers in the slaveholding States; and that there
could be no difference between them, because the
master owned the slaves and he represented the
interests both of capital and of labor, and it was
his interest to do what was just between thorn.
In speaking of the wTiite laborer, I said lie occu-
pied a different position, and even the non-slave-
holder had the use of slave labor; that he hired
that just as he rented land. I never said the cap-
italist owned the white labor of the country.
Mr. DOOHTTLK. I have not said that the
honorable Senator from Virginia did say so. That
is not the language winch i used. It is unneces-
sary for me to repeat it, because the reporter has
undoubtedly taken down my words precisely as
they were utteied.
Mr. WIGRALL. The Senator repeated just
what he said at first. There is no doubt about
that. It was merely an inference that I drew
from his language.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, 1 suppoit
this measure because, opening our Territories to
free white men will, in my opinion, tend to pre-
vent their Africanization through the introduction
of negro slaves, and thus secure in the end, what
I believe God in IIis providence intended, thai the
temperate regions under our control shall heroine
the permanent homes of the pine Caucasian race.
The adoption of this policy will, in my judgment,
tend to bring on a linal settlement of this whole
negro question. By the influence of our example
in opening our tetinones to the Caucasian race,
who are the children of the temperate zone, and
by our treaty ai rangements wiih our neighboring
States upon the south, who occupy the tropical
regions of this continent, we may induce them in
those zones to open equally wide their beautiful
territories to the children of the tropics, to the
descendants of Africa—the men best adapted to
dwell wkhm thenu and to cultivate and to develop
them.
I befi'-ve, sir, (lint we may, while we open our
own territories to the Caucasian race, induce
those tropical Slate?, wInch aie already m the pos-
sesion of the color-d race*!, where color is no
degradation either socially or politically, to open
wide their territories for the surplus population
of the United States of Afiican descent. I^ot us
throw Wide open our tenitories, which aie within
tiie. tempeiate latitudes, to become the homes of
the fret: white men, who are the children of the
temperate zone; whom God in llis providence
has planted in that /one; who have, iluough all
history, couUolled the destinies of that /'one; ami
ot th« same time, by the influence of our example
and by treaty, let us induce the tiopical Slates of
America to open equally wide their domain, ca-
pable of sustaining hundreds of millions of human
beings, to colored men—the children of the trop-
ics, the children of {lie sun—and thus open a
way, when, m the piovulenee of Cod, in the tidi-
ness of time, that destiny must he accomplished:
Till: rKACMTI. AND OKAUUAJ. Si;i'\KA 11 ON" oK Till:
kaci:s, Km; uir: tiKiur.s'i good or nom.
Let no man misundeisUnd me. I would in no
respect infringe on the n^hts of ihe States, nor of
the indu idual citizens of the States. By the Con-
stitution of the United States, and by that higher
law of reason upon which that Constitution rests,
e\ery State has, and must foiever have, the un-
disputed, unquestioned ught over itsown destiny,
ami to provide for maintaining and defending its
own domesiu- institutions. And, sir, whilu the
policy I suggest would open a way for States and
for individual^ by which they could become free
to nd th< ! is, !v< n of slaves, if they should choose
to do .so. it would by no means, nor m the slight-
est decree, infringe upon their sovereign rights,
nor constrain tlieir independent action. It would
only make them free to act for themselves,in then-
own time and in their own way. They would
remain free, forever free, to hold or to emancipate
slaves. That is their business, not ours. We
have no more to do m this lespect, and are 110
more responsible for the institution of slavery
within the States, than wc*aie for the monarchy
of Great Britain, or for the serfdom of Russia. It
is their business, not ours, for them to deal with
in their own way and in their own time. If sla-
very be, as they say, a blessing, let them hold on
to it, and be blessed; but if it be, as we verily be-
lieve, an evil, and they shall ever come to think
so, they will no longer then be compelled to bear
it as a necessity, rather than to bear something
worse; for it would then be in their power to re-
move it from their jurisdiction. Does any man,
however devoted to the defense of slavery, object
to a policy which simply makes his State free to
maintain it, or free to abolish it? Would he com-
pel his State to maintain it at all hazards? Would
lie take away its power to rid itself of it, if it
should desire to do so? It would then be a slave
State, indeed, in more senses than one; not sim-
ply because the master holds the slave in servi-
tude and subject to his control, but because 0 e
chain of slavery would have its-hold upon the
neck of the sovereign State itself. It would be no
longer the master of its own destinies—110 longer
sovereign, in fact.
Mr. President, these questions of opening, di-
recting, and regulating the settlementof this con-
tinent are questions of empnv, and for all gene-
rations. They should be controlled by enlarged
views. They*should be controlled by a knowl-
edge of the laws of human nature, of the human
constitution, and the laws of geography and of
climate, and of /ones, and of races. They .should
be met in a spirit of Christian plulanthiopy and
exalted patriotism. JNot only the question of the
foreign-bofn and the native-born Caucasian is in-
volved, but the destiny of the colored races in the
Territories under our control is also mvohed in
its determination. The ultimate destiny of the
Indian race is already, with the exception, per-
haps, of the Choctaws and the Cherokees, a matter
of history, too indelibly written to be overlooked
or effaced. There are but two positive races here
—the Caucasian and the African; and the ultimate
destiny of the negro race on this continent, which
is a question that lies deeper and goes beyond the
slavery question, is one of the gravest problems
which has ever been presented to the American
statesman. It is, however, a question u Inch meets
us every day at every comei, every turn we
make. It is a question \v Inch is wrappi d up with
and involved in the destiny of this great Govern-
ment.
The time has come, and is pressing harder every
day towards its ultimate determination. It de-
mands, in earnest tones,an explicitanswer. The
time has come when the American statesman must
meet this question, and look it square m the face
without blenching. If we open our eyes it is as
clear as daylight that theie are but three possible
solutions to this question which have been pro-
posed: one the solution of northern fanaticism;
another the solution of southern fanaticism; and
the third, and the only wise and practical solu-
tion, is that proposed by our ancestors early in
the history of this Republic. The fust looks to
the unconditional emancipation of the four mil-
lion slaves by force, it may be, to remain upon a
footing of equality in a[l respects, side by side
with the white race, and upon the same sod, which
some may call the John Brown solution. The
second looks to the acquisition  ^
Mr. ilAM MOND. 1 have just come info the
Senate, and am not so sine what the Senator is
talking about: but I suppose the solutions are on
the subject of slavery. 1 heard bun say there was
a southern fanatical solution of that question. I
should like to know what it is.
Mr. DOOLITTLK The second, which 1 un-
deistand to be the solution of southern fanaticism,
looks to the acquisition of Cuba, Mexico, C< ntral
America, nil tiopical America—at, the Senator from
Georgia avowed in answer to a question of the
Senator from Vermont—the reopening of the Af- :
riean slave trade direct with AfYienTas well as .
with the old slave-producing States of the United
States, for the double purpose of plantingslavery i
throughout the whole of that region, until, ex- i
tending across all Central America and tropical j
America, it shakes hands with the empire of 1
Brazil, and at the same time bringing into this
Union millions upon millions of the mixed races,
for the purpose of counterbalancing tht growing
power, politically-and otherwise, of the great
Caucasian race in the North and West. Call this
solution by what name you please—the solution
of Walker and his filibusters; the solution of the
slave propagandists, 01* of the Knights of the
Golden Circle.
The third solution—and, as I have said, in my
judgment, the only wise and practical one—is that
which was proposed by Jefferson, concurred in
and sustained by Washington, and Madison, and
Monroe, and Clay, and Jackson; which looks to
the time when the colonization and deportation of
the emancipated race shall take place hand in hand,
and pari passu, and to making provision not only for
those who are now emancipated, but for those who
shall hereafter become so by the voluntary action
of States and individuals, in some place and cli-
mate congenial to their constitutions and adapted
to their best happiness and highest development.
That is, in my judgment, the wise, practical,
Chnstian, and truly republican solution of this
whole negro question
I, for one, Mr. President—and I speak the voice
of nineteen twentieths of all the people of the free
States, not merely of the Republican party, but
of the Democratic party—am utterly opposed to
the amalgamation of races.
Air. MASON. Will the Senator allow me to
ask linn how the deportation of four million slaves
is to be provided for—whether at the expense of
the slave owners, or by the Federal Govern-
ment—in his theory'1
Mr. DOOLITTLE. My opinion in relation Lo
that question is this: the whole of these tropical
States, if we will take them with a friendly hand in-
! stead of taking hold of them with the hand of the
filibuster, will be induced to follow our example,
and to do for the colored race who are here among
us, what we are willing to do, not only for our
own native-born citizens, but for the Caucasian
race who aie coming to us from every nation in
Christendom. They will open their territories,
and invite them to come and live among them, to
enjoy both social and political equality with them,
where color is no degradation. This was the
theory of the Democratic party but a very few
years since.
Sir, the homestead bill itself was a darling meas-
ure of the Democratic party not long since. How
many of that paity upon that side of tin; Cham-
ber to-day stand up to defend its passage ? In the
1 days when we annexed Texas to the Union—
when I acted with the Democratic party in bring-
ing Texas into the Union—it was the avowed pol-
icy of every member of the Democratic party
North, and many of the Democratic party South,
that there never should \}o an attempt made to
bring Mexico into the Union, with its mixed
races; but that it should be opened in the end as a
home lor the colored race from among us in the
course of time, and under the operation of the
laws of population and of progress.
But, Mr. President, as I was saying, 1 speak thr>
views of nineteen twentieths, I believe of ninety-
nine m every one hundred of the people of the
free States of the North. Republicans or Demo-
crats, when I say to you that I 0111 utterly op-
posed to the amalgamation of racxs;and every
declaration which has ever been made against
the Republican paity and its designs and its ob-
jects has been founded m a total mistake or gross
misrepresentation upon that question. That theie
may be now and then one who is willing to go
' in for a promiscuous amalgamation of races, to
be found at the North, 1 have no doubt, and I very
much fear that there are some to be found even
at the South.
Air. President, as I would give homesteads to
the free white laboring men''of the Caucasian
race in our temperate territories, so would I,
both by tieuty and by example, induce the trop-
ical StaUs of America to open their doiiiains, and
give homes and homesteads and civil and social
equality to the fiee colored men who are among
us. ^Sir, what are you going to do with these
men ' I put the question to Senators—what will
you do wuh them and for them ? They are being
banished from the slave States. Many of the free
States on the border are unwilling to receive them
in their jurisdictions.
I understand that, by the operation of a law
