2576-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2.
tiqn on the table. I was going to say that it was
my misfortune 
M>\ WRIGHT. I object to debate, unless the
question is to be open for debate on both sides.
Tho previous question has been called.
The SPEAKER. The Chair considers all de-
bate out of order; it has been acquiesced in by
common consent only. If objection is now made,
it mast be stopped.
, Mr. HOUSTON. We upon this side of the
House have no objection to open this question for
general debate. We desire it. We want to de-
bate the subject.
Mr. WRIGHT. I insist on the point" of order,
unless the previous question is withdrawn.
The SPEAKER. The motion is to lay the
resolution on the table.
Jvtr. DELANO. I object to all debate.
Mr. HOUSTON. Is there any objection to
opening tho subjcct for general debate?
Mr. DELANO. I objcct.
Mr. HOUSTON. Very well.
Mr. SHERMAN. I withdraw the motion to
lay on the table, and move the previous question
on the adoption of the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The previous question has
been demanded by the gentleman from North
Carolina.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I want to ask
the gentleman from North Carolina one question
before I vote. I want to know if the witnesses
ennumerated in that list, and whose presence ho
desires, are to bo examined in connection with
matters developed by this investigation and 011
matters pertinent to that inquiry?
Mr. WINSLOW. I am under the impression
that they will be material witnesses in matters
which have already been before the committee;
but they are material also as to the second reso-
lution, which covers them entirely.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put,
Mr. GARTRELL. I call for tho yeas and nays
011 the passage of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I hope the
gentleman will withdraw the call for the yeas and
nays. I believe every gentleman on this side of
tin- House will vote for the resolution.
Mr. GARTRELL. The yeas and nays have
been ordered, and I ask that the roll may be
called.
Tho question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 165, nays 4; as follows:
YEAS— Messrs. Charlie P. Adams, Admm, Aldiieli.
Allen, Alley, Ashley, Avery, IJ;ukxhle, UaiT, li.urett,
Bingham, Blake, Bocock, lion ham, Bolder, liouliguy,
Boyee, lirali on, Braylon, Bngg-s, Bustmv, llufhntoii,
BnrrU. Gurhngamc, Burnett, Durnhnm, Buttorfii'kl,Camp-
bell, Carey, Cartel-, Case, Horace l'. Clark, John B. Cl.nk,
Cloptou, Jolin Cochrane, Colfax, Coivvin, Covode, James
Craie, Burton Craiae, Crawford, Curry, Curtis, David-win,
H. Winter Davis. Jolm G. Davis, Dawes, Delano, Duell,
Dunn, Etigcrtoii, Edwauls, Eliot, English, Etherise,
Farnsvvnrth, fYliton, Feriv, Floieiiec, Fostei, Fmiko,
Frank, Garnett, Gnitreil, Gilmer, Good), Graham, Gnrley,
Hale, Hardeman, J. .Mori ison Harris, Jolm T. ll:nu~. Hat-
ton, Holimck, Hickman, Hoard, Houston, William How-
aril, William A. Howard, Hughes, Humphrey, Irvine, Jack-
pen. Jones, Francis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Kenyon,
Kiijjoie, Kuukcl, Landrum, DeWitt C. Leach, James M.
Leaeb, Leake, Lee, Logan, Loilfliieeker, Loomis, Love,
Maelay, Malloiy, Maynard, MeKnight, MePheison, Mc-
Queen, Miles, Montgomery, Sydenham Moore, Mooihead,
Edward Joy Morris, Isaac N, Morris, Nelson, Nilihu-k,
Nooll, 1'oriy, Pettit, i'eyton, Phelps, l'orter, Potter, Pottle,
Piyor, Quaile-i, Reagan, Ilicc, Kigss, Christopher Uobin-
ton, Itoyee, Uuifiti, Rust, Scliwaitz, Sheniian, Sickles,
Simms, Singleton, William N. fl. Smith, Spanking, Spin-
ner, Stevens, James A. Stewart, William Stewart,Stokes,
Stout, Stfatton, Thayer, Tlieaker, Thomas, Tompkins.
Tr.iin, Trimble, tJndenvoort, Vallandigliam, Vance, Van
Wyek, Yerree, Waldron, Walton, Ellihu B..Washbunic,
Israel Washburn, Webster, Wells, Wliiteley, Wiiidoin,
Wiiislow, Woodiuft", Woodson, and Wright—165.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles 1). Martin, Milison, Reynolds,
and Stanton—4.
So the resolution was agreed to.
Before the vote was announced,
Mr. CAMPBELL stated that he had paired off
for to-day with Mr. Smith, of Virginia, but he
supposed there would bo no objection 011 the part
of gentlemen on the other side to his votmg in
the affirmative on this resolution.
Several Democratic Members. No objection.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I then vote " ay."
Mr. FRENCH stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Cobb for to-day.
Mr. HAWKINS said he had paired with Mr.
Sedgwick.
Mr. STRATTONsaid his colleague,Mr. Nixon,
had paired with Mr. Scott.
Mr. VAN WYCK stated that Mr. Babbitt
was detained from the House by sickness.
Mr.'ASHMORE said that if he had not been
paired he would have voted " ay."
Mr. BURNETT, not being within the bar when
his name was called, asked and obtained permis-
sion to vote in the affirmative.
Mr. WALTON said Mr. Tappan had paired
for the day with Mr. Keitt.
Mr. THOMAS said that, as had been already
announced, Mr. Smith, of Virginia, was paired
with Mr. Campbell. The latter has, by permis-
sion, voted; but he wished to call attention to the
facts, to explain the absence of the gentleman from
Virginia.
Mr. HOLMAN said that, if he had been within
the bar when his name was called, he would have
voted " ay."
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. MAYNARD. I call for the regular order
of business,' which is the call of committees for
reports.
SCOTT & IIOUSB.
Mr. HAWKINS. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to discharge the Committee of
the Whole House on the Private Calendar from
the further consideration of tho bill of the Senate
No. 22, for the relief of John Seott and Hill W.
House. I ask the House to grant consent to con-
sider this bill out of its order, because of the pe-
culiar, intrinsic equity contained in it. I will
state, further, that this bill has passed the Senate
three times, and has been three times favorably
reported on m this House. In fact, two or three
weeks ago it virtually passed this House. One
gentleman objected to it, but was about to with-
draw his objection, when, on motion of the gen-
tleman from Georgia, the committee rose, and the
bill has not again been reached.
The bill releases John Scott, principal, and Hill
W. House and Samuel 0. House, sureties, from
a judgment recovered against them by the United
States, 011 the 4th of April, 1855, in the district
court for the northern district of Florida, upon a
contract awarded to Scott for carrying the mail
upon route No. 3503, from New Orleans to Key
West, from the 15th of January, 1853, to the 30th
of June, 1855.
From tin: report it appears that, ill 1852, an
advertisement was issued inviting-proposals for
conveying the mail by sea between New Orleans
and Key West,and that the contract was awarded
to Scott for the sum of $20,000. The route was
a new one, and never having been in operation,
it was difficult to estimate the worth of the ser-
vice; and the sum proposed by Scott proved, by
the subsequent experience of the Department, to
be vastly less than was necessary for the support
of the route. This fact, however, is not adverted
to as a basis for the relief of the petitioner, butas
explanatory, in part, of the difficulty he experi-
enced in organizing the means to carry his eon-
tract into effect as promptly as might otherwise
have been practicable. Immediately upon being
informed that the contract was awarded him, he
proceeded diligently to prepare for its execution,
and in his efforts to obtain steamships suitable
for the purpose, he visited New Orleans, and all
the principal northern cities as far as Portland.
Finding it impossible to obtain suitable steamers
at any reasonable price, and the limited interval
for commencing service not affording time to build
them, he applied for and obtained ail extension
of time until the 1st of March. He alleges, fur-
ther, that having been unfortunately taken sick
at^Washington, he was unable to continue his
efforts, and did not succeed in effecting an arrange-
ment for a suitable steamer until the middle of
March, when he arranged with Captain Mont-
gomery , who had a new steamer nearly completed
at Baltimore, and informed the Department of the
arrangement, and that the service would be com-
menced 111 five weeks. i
Before the expiration of that time, the Depart- j
mcnt gave the contract to Samuel S. Green, for j
$26,000 per annum, and instituted a suit against j
the petitioner for damages, which suit resulted in j
the judgment from which he seeks relief. The j
contract was made December 9, 1852, and re- i
quired the commencement of service on the 15th ;
of January following, an interval of only five I
weeks. The petitioner appears to have employed
that very brief time diligently in the endeavor to
obtain a suitable steamer, and having failed, ob-
tained an extension of six weeks more; but, in
the mean while, being prostrated by sickness, he
was disabled from pursuing his object, and did
not effect an arrangement until a few days after
the expiration of the time. Upon an investiga-
tion of the history of the service since that time,
it appears that no real damage was caused to the
Government, for the price at which the contract
was awarded would have been totally insufficient
to sustain the service.
It seems that the contract was transferred, first,
to James C. Green, for $26,000 per annum, who,
after performing the services very irregularly for
a few months, failed, and it was relet to W. C.
Templeton for $42,000, who also performed the
service very irregularly; that it was afterwards
let to E. G, Rogers & Co., for $41,800, who also
failed; and the contract was successively refused
by two parties at $48,000; that it was then let to
J. M. Howell & Co., for §70,000, who likewise
failed to put the service in operation; afterwards to
John B. Camden at the same rate, who failed;and
finally to the present contractors for $70,000, and
no damages have been sought against either of
these other parties. Taking into view that the
route was a new one, and that it was therefore
difficult to estimate the proper value of the service;
that the petitioner proceeded in perfect good faith,
and with great activity and devotion, and at a
good deal of personal expense, to give effect to his
engagement; and that his failure to commence the
service within the brief time allotted was owing
to a providential visitation, which prostrated him
with sickness in the midst of his efforts, and that
he had, in fact, notified the Department of his
having made suitable arrangements before the
contract was transferred to Green; and consider-
ing, furthei, that the experience of the service has
demonstrated that it was not possible to be per-
formed for any sum approaching that at which
the contract was awarded; and that no damages
have been sought against any of the subsequent
failing contractors, the committee have deemed it
a suitable case for the application of a just public
clemency, and accordingly recommend a remis-
sion of tho penalty recovered against the petitioner.
There being no objection, the bill was taken
up, ordered to a third reading, and was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HAWKINS moved to reconsider the vote
by which tho bill was passed, and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
IIOLMKS & PEDEICK.
Mr. GOOCH. I ask the consent of the House
to discharge the Committee of the Whole House
on the Private Calendar from the further consider-
ation of House bill No. 423, for the relief of Philip
B. Holmes and William Pedriek; and if the House
will allow me, I will briefly state the nature of
the bill.
The House tho other day passed a bill grant-
ing to a Mr. Kent, a gentleman connected with
the Mint in Philadelphta^some twenty thousand
dollars for having made an invention that saved
the Government some money in connection with
the Mint.
In this case two mechanics were employed in
the Charlestown navy-yard to cut hides into
strands for the purpose of making rope. They
believed that if a maehine could be invented for
cutting the hidesagreatsaving would be effected
for the Government. By working nights and
leisure hours they succeeded in getting up a ma-
chine which answered perfectly the purpose of
cutting the hides. They reported to the super-
intendent, who found that the machine would
effect a great saving for the Government.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. If the gentleman insists
on discussing the bill, 1 shall object.
Mr. GOOCH. I am not discussing it. I am
merely stating the circumstances and facts. They
applied to the Patent Office for a patent, and ob-
tained one. The machine has been continued in
use in the Charlestown navy-yard until this day,
and has saved to the Government, it is said, from
fifty to one hundrod-thousand dollars. But these
mechanics have never realized one dollar from
their patent, for the reason that the Charlestown
wavy-yard is the only locality in the United States
