612
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
their position of opposition, and wheel into the .
Democratic ranks? Why did not our friends, the j
South Americans, unite their force to ouis, and :
then,as now, propose, a gentleman from their own i
ranks, and, as I believe, of their own principles, j
1 disclaim those reasons. I believe that they aie ;
simply reasons of expediency. They are reasons ;
addressed to the principle of the loaves and fishes. ;
They are not principles at the basis of a great |
party. They, sir, can give no vitality to any |
body of men who may assemble under the con- ,
ventionalities of a party in these United States. |
There is more than success at stake in party ac- i
tion; and the moment thatsuccess is thrust in our
faces, and principle is trampled under foot for its j
iacos, auu pimoipio j.o
sake, farewell to the discipline, and farewell to
the salutary influence of party I cannot return
to my confiding constituency with an organization
for which ! liave cast my vote at the expense of
one principle of my political faith. And, sn', until
I am taught that the gentleman from North Caro-
lina, valuable as he is in all his personal relations,
stands substantially upon the Democratic plat-
form, upon which my constituency repose, and
upon which they have sent me here, I cannot, j
and I will not, give him my suffrage. I can, sir,
in no event extend to him my support while im-
pressed that he is at all infected with a single prin-
ciple antagonistic to the well settled and time
cherished democratic principle of protection to
the adopted citizen and the alien.
Sir, is this principle, or is it expediency; Are
we to be rushed over this cataract in the hope of
mere success; or, like men, high-minded men,
who have a duty to perform, with li igh obligations |
resting upon us, are we not rather as an Atlas
in the midst of this falling ruin, if the pillars of ;
the Republic are to fall, to sustain the crumbling I
ruin by the strength, the unaided strength, of the
inherent vitality of the Democratic party ?
Several Members sought to interrupyVIr. COCH-
rane.
Mr. BURNETT. I object to the gentlemen
beinginterruptcd. He is speaking by consent of
the House, and I protest against Ins speech being
interrupted.
Mr. JOHlV COCHRANE. I do not purpose,
Mr. Clerk, to trespass, to any great extent, upon
the indulgence of the House. I have taken my
position upon this floor for no me.re declamatory
purpose. When I perceive well-tried and veteran
soldiers 
Mr. MALLORY. I rise Ho a question of or-
der. I apprehend leave was given to the gentle-
man from New York merely for the purpose of
giving his reasons why he should change, his vote.
As I understand him now, he announces that he
does nol propose to change his vote. I therefore
suggest that his remarks are not m order.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I had no intention
of changing my vote. [Cries from the Repub-
lican benches of "Go on!"]
Mr. JENKINS. I call the gentleman to order;
and I insist upon my point of order.
Mr. MALLORY. And I insist upon my point
of order.
The CLERK. The gentleman from NewYork
obtained the unanimous consent of the House to
submit his remarks. i
Mr. BURNETT. Yes, sir; and I say that con- j
sent having been given to the gentleman from ;
New York to speak, no point of order now taken ;
can deprive linn of the floor. j
Mr. JENKSNS. I want to state ray point of j
order. , !
Mr. MALLORY. We had no right to know j
what was the purpose of tho gentleman from New j
York until he explained it himself. Mycolleague .
well knows that consent was gi\ren to thegentle-
man from New York under the impression and j
for^the purpose that he would proceed merely to j
explain the reasons for a contemplated change of i
his vote. As soon as we discovered that the gen- 1
tleman was not doing that, when he stated that he
did not intend to change Ins vote, we had the right
to make a point of order. But I will withdraw
my point of order, and do not object to the gentle-
man 's proceeding.
Mr. JENKINS. I do not withdraw my point
of order.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to say, in response
to my colleague who first made the point of order,
that while I dissent from the positions taken by
the gentleman from New York in every respect .!
as governing his action in the premises, yet, sir,
the House having given its consent, tacit, I grant
you, to the gentleman to proceed to make his
remarks, and the gentleman having gone on with
his remarks without objection, I hold that it is not
now ill order for any gentleman to rise and make
the point 011 him. Such has been the practice of
the House. .
Mr. JENKINS. I wish to state my point of
order. I hold that remarks are out of order at
this stage of our proceedings—that is, while the
roll is being called—unless a member desires to
give the reasons for changing his vote. That is
my point of order, and I insist on it.
The CLERK. The Clerk will state to the gen-
tleman from Virginia that it is true that remarks
are not in order during the call of the roll. But
the House, by unammousconscnt, can,even while
a vote is being taken, permit a gentleman to make
i remarks. The Clerk feels that he has no power
! to decide the question, one way or the other; but
| he would respectfully suggest to the gentleman
! from Virginia that the gentleman from New 1' ork
i obtained the floor by the unanimous consent of
1 the House; and he then proceeded, for what pur-
pose neither the Clerk nor the House is advised,
1 at some length,to give the reasons not for the vote
1 he was about to give, but for the vote which he
had already given. Under the practice of the
House, where the floor is obtained by unanimous
consent, and a gentleman is proceeding by that
unanimous consent to make his statements, tne
Clerk does not feel authorized to call the gentle-
man to order.
The Cli rk desires to statu further, however,
that, if objection to proceeding were made at the
time a member sought the floor, it would not be
parliamentary for that member to proceed during
a call of the ioil, or while the House was dividing
i upon a question.
Mr. JENKINS. The Clerk does not understand
i the, point of order. It was not that the gentleman
1 might not, have gone on under the implied consent
J of the House, but that, even if permission had
ji been wen, he must confine his remarks within
'i certain limits and restrictions, and those limits
and restrictions will allow him to go 110 furthei
! Ihau to the reasons why he proposes to change
his vote; and that he cannot be m order, when
he has permission to state tile reasons why he
changes his vote, in giving reasons why he does
not. change his vote.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. The gentleman
from Vngmia is somewhat mistaken in reference
to purposes which, of course, he cannot undei-
stand, as I have not yet fully revealed them. My
purpose is to change my vote, but it is not to
change it m the direction in which many of my
Democratic friends have been changing theirs.
Mr. JENKINS. I withdraw my objection, as
the gentleman intends to change his vote.
Mr. JOIIN COCHRANE. I do not propose,
upon this occasion, to trespass unreasonably upon
the indulgence of tin1 House. I have felt that it
was incumbent upon me to make these remarks;
because of the general action of my friends about
me, ill reference to the candidate who has been
presented from North Carolina; and while sub-
mitting upon this floor what I have to say, I may
say afthis time that it has not been my purpose
to trespass intentionally upon the patience of my
audience. it litis not been ? jib X before stated, tiint I
have sought the floor for a declamatory purpose; ;
but only to define my position and give the rea- i
sons for my action within the limits of the party j
with which it is my pride to act; and the moic
have 1 felt this incumbent upon me as 1 listened
with attention and respect to the remarks of my
colleague, [Mr. Sickles,] who stated the reasons j
v,'iiJo!i~'in'in''iietl and induced him to cast his vote j
for the gentleman from North Carolina. _ I
Now°sir, m regard to the conclusion to which ,
I have come in this matter, I may state it very \
simply and pertinently. We have before us the 1
candidate of the Democratic party, selected from ,
its ranks. A gentleman is now proposed from
au organization not within the Democratic party;
a gentleman who, as 1 understand, whatever may
have been iiis political affiliations and antecedents,
has been sent here in opposition to the action of
the local Democratic party in die district from
which he comes, who was nominated against its
nominee, and occupies his seat not only as against
those gentlemen who, at the polls, maintained
Democratic principles, but in behalf of those who
elected him, a rcpiesentative of the principles
of the lodges. I say, therefore, that it does not
become me, as a Democratic Representative of
fearless Democratic constituency, from the city oi
New York, to cast my ballot for that gentleman;
but I am constrained by every reason and by
every consideration of propriety, looking as well
to the integrity of the party of which I am a mem-
ber as to the Union which rests upon the success
of that party, still to confinc my vote to its ranks,
and to indicate by a change of my vote another
individual in those ranks, a man upon whom 0.11
parties outside of the Republican party upon this
floor can and should unite and put him in the
Speaker's chair. I refer to John S. Millson, of
Virginia, and for him I cast my vote.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is proper that 1 should
say, in view of the probability of an organization
of this House, that I have heretofore voted for
no person but members of the Democratic party.
It is due, however, to truth, to say that I have
held myself ready, at any time, whenever my vote
would, in all likelihood, effect an election by the
choice of any conservative man outside of the Re-
publican party, to cast my vote for him. I voted
this morning for Mr. Florence,of Pennsylvania;
and although I fear that the present effort will be
fruitless, yet in deference to the effort being made
for the purpose of effecting an election, I am wil-
ling to organize the House by the election of the
gentleman from North Carolina. Therefore, I
change my vote from Mr. Florence to Mr.
Smith, of North Carolina.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Mr. Clerk, I differ from
my honorable friend from New York [Mr. John
Cochrane.] I think it is the duty of every Demo-
crat and conservative man in this House to vote for
Mr. Smith for Speaker. How stands the case?
For some eight weeks we have been trying to elect
a Speaker. Throughout the whole of that period
I have uniformly voted for a Democrat—some-
times for one Democrat, sometimes for another,
but always for a Democrat standing inside of the
Democratic organization, except when I voted for
my anti-Lecompton friend fiom Indiana, [Mr.
Davis.] In short, we have tried the availability
of almost every Democrat in the House, yet have
failed to elect any one. Not only have we failed
to elect a Democrat, but no one has been elected,
and the House is still unorganized, and must con-
tinue so until we come to the determination to sac-
rifice something of personal and party feeling for
a common object. I, for one, am prepared to do
so; and since wc have been informed that it is in
our power to elect Mr. Smith over Mr. Sher-
man, I hasten to say so. I say this as a Demo-
ciat—as a Democrat from the Northwest.
Am I mistaken in what the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Mallory] has said ? Did he say-
that it was now m the power of the Democratic
party proper m this House—of the Democratic
organization here—to elect Mr. Smith, by joining
their votes with the votes already cast for him
Mr. MALLORY. In response to the gentle-
man's inquiry, I will say that the vote now cast
for Mr. Smith, with the votes of the Democratic
party proper, will elect him.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I am glad to bo reas-
sured on this point. I shall vote for Mr. Smith, not
only to avoid furthordelay, but because the coun-
try has become tired, ay, nauseated with our con-
tinued wrangles and squabbles; becausc both the
character and national interests of the country are
suffering, seriously suffering, for the want of ne-
cessary legislation"; and because my own constit-
uents are directly concerned that the wheels of
Government should be no longer stayed in their
regular, onward course. Our spectacle now is
that of a Government paralyzed and poweiless.
How humiliating to the country! Hov.- discour-
aging to the friends of freedom everywhere !
For these reasons, among others I will not
pause now to assign, I will vote for Mr. Smith;
not because he is a Democrat, but because he is
not a Republican, and because he is not a Know
Nothing, or American, so called. I vote for him
because, although not a Democrat, he is the next
thing to it—an old-line Whig, a national Whig,
a Clay and Webster Whig, free from all modern
isms. I wouldliave preferred that he should have
been a Democrat; but as he is not, I take him as
he is—as a Whig—and I doubt not my constitu-
ents will approve the act. Many of them arc old-
