257a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2,
so as to make the pension commence on the 1st of
January, 1860.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was laid aside, to be re-
ported to the House with the recommendation
that it do pass.
JOHN PtJRCELL.
A bill (H.R. No. 101) granting an invalid pen-
sion to John Purcell. [Objected to by Mr.
Thomas.! _
1 THOMAS W. PHELPS.
A bill (H. R.No. 558) for the relief of Thomas
W. Phelps.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary of
the Interior to place the name of Thomas W.
Pheips, late a gunner's mate in the Wavy of the
United States, on the pension roll, at the rate of
$9 50 per month, to commence on the 8th of June,
1843, when he was discharged from the naval
service in consequence of blindrfess contracted
therein, such pension to continue during his nat-
ural life.
The report states that Phelps entered on board
of the United States brig Somers, in May, 1842,
as boatswain's mate, and in August thereafter
was promoted to gunner's mate; that during his
service on board of the vessel, and while in the
line of his duty, from sudden colds and other
causes, he contracted a disease in his eyes, which
eventually produced total blindness; that he was
sent to the naval hospital in New York from the
brig Somers, on the 2d of September, 1842, and
remained therein until the 8th of June, 1843, when
he was discharged from the naval service as an
invalid. This claim was rejected at the Pension
Office on the ground of insufficient evidence, but
represented by the Commissioner as " a fair claim
for the consideration of Congress." The com-
mittee deem the evidence adduced satisfactory,
and think the petitioner was entitled to, and should
have received, a surgeon's certificate for a pension
when he was discharged from the naval service.
It appears that he has been totally disabled from
labor ever since that period, and that lie is very
poor and destitute.
Mr. GARTRELL. I move to amend that bill
so as to make the pension commence on the 1st
January 1860.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was laid aside, to be re-
ported to the House with the recommendation
that it do pass.
HARRIET S. WYMAN.
A bill (H. R. No. 559) granting a pension to
Harriet S. Wyman, widow of Captain Thomas
W. Wyman, post captain in the naval service of
the United States.
The bill and report were read.
Mr. FENTOW. As chairman of the commit-
tee which reported that bill, 1 shall move to amend
the bill so as to make the pension fifty dollars per
month instead of thirty dollars a month. I will
say, so that .gentlemen may not entertain preju-
dice against the bill on account of the increase
of pension, that the sum inserted in the bill
was a mere inadvcrtance on the part of the com-
'mittee—a mere clerical error. There is no in-
stance in which the widow of a captain in the
.Navy receives a pension of thirty dollars a month
under the general laws; no instance in which it is
less than fifty dollars per month. 1 ask that the
correction shall be made; gentlemen, of course,
reserving to themselves the right to object after
the report shall be read.
The CHAIRMAN put the question on the
amendment, and announced that it seemed to be
decided in the negative.
Mr. CRAWFORD. 1 hope the gentleman from
New York will insist on a division, arid will go
into the House, have a call of the House, and go
back into committee. Some thirty-five or forty
members, on every private bill day, are left here
to do the business of the House, while one hun-
dred or more members, feeling no interest in this
business of the country, stroll about the city, at-
tending to their own private matters of pleasure
or business. The whole thing is wrong. I want
a division on the. amendment.
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 will suggest to the gen-
tleman from Georgia, that many of the members
of the House govern their course upon these pri-
vate claims by the reports made by the commit-
tees having them in charge.
Mr. CRAWFORD. 11 is the duty of the House
to act upon these bills upon the information be-
fore them, and not to depend, in all cases, upon
the committees.
Mr. FENTON. I desire to say to the gentle-
man from Georgia, that my only object in moving
this amendment was to make the action of the
committee on these pension cases uniform. I trust
there will be no objection to making the correc-
tion; members reserving to themselves the right
to object to the whole bill, if they shall see proper
to do so.
Mr. DELANO. I trust 1 shall be allowed to
make a short statement in relation to this claim.
I will occupy but a moment.
Mr. GARTRELL. I must object to discus-
sion. The House spent the whole day yester-
day in a matter of the violation of its rules. Now,
the rule requires that there shall be no discussion,
and I object.
Mr. JONES called for tellers upon the amend-
ment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs.Pettitand
Riggs were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 81, noes 38.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The report was read.
Mr. BURNETT. I move to amend the bill so
as to make the pension commence on the 1st of
January,1860.
Mr. DELANO. I appeal to gentlemen to hear
me for a moment. This bill gives a pension from
the death of Captain Wyman. The general law
gives the'widow in such casesapension from the
death of her husband invariably. This is not in-
cluded in the class of cases which have been made
by this House to commence from the date of the
passage of tlio bill.
Mr. JONES. I will cut this discussion short
by objecting to the bill; and 1 want the Chairman
arid the reporters to note my objection, so that
there shall be no mistake about it this time.
Mr. DELANO. Will the gentleman withdraw
his objection if I consent to the amendment?
Mr.'JONES. I will not.
' CIIAUNCEY A. IIORK.
A bill (H. R. No. 563) for the relief of Chaun-
cey A. Iiorr. [Objected to by Mr. Thomas.]
SUBLETTE CUT-OFF MASSACRE.
A bill (II. R. No. 127) for the relief of the sur-
vivorsof the Sublette Cut-off massacre of the 24th
of July, 1859, for the loss of property sustained
by them at the time, and for the payment to cer-
tain persons of expenses incuned by them in
sending said destitute survivors to their homes in
Missouri.
The bill was read. It directs that there be paid
the sum of §8,597 58 to the persons hereinafter
named, for losses sustained at the Sublette Cut-off
massacre, and for expenses incurred in sending
the destitute survivors from Utah Territory to
their homes in Missouri; which money shall be
disbursed under the direction of the Secretary of
the Interior in the manner following; to Annie B.
Shepherd, widow of \V. F. Shepherd, deceased,
$2,152; to Rebecca Wright, widow of" J. D.
Wright, deceased, $1,201; to Marietta Shepherd,
widow of T. F. Shepherd, deceased, $2,202; to
James R. Shepherd, fl,5C2; to William C.Diggs,
|143; to Clairborn Raines, $62; to the Pacific
Mail Steamship Company, $412; to O. F. D. Fair-
banks, $250; and to Frederick.Dodge, $614 38;
or to such persons as may be duly authorized by
the parties, 1 espectively, to receive and receipt for
their distributive shares.
The minority of the committee recommend that
the bill be amended by striking out all after the
enacting clause, and inserting, as follows:
Tlint tliere be paid, out of any money in tlie Treasury
not otherwise appiopriated, to O. F. I) Fairbanks, the sum
of $250; to Fredeiick Indian agent at Carson'^
Valley, $614 38; and to the"Pacific Mail Steamship Coin-
puny, .*§412 50, for transportation, clothing, and bomd of the
survivors of the Sublette Cut-off massacre, in Utah Terri-
tory, oil the 27th of July, 18o9.
The following are the majority and minority
reports:
Report.
The Committee on Indian Affairs, to whom was lefeired
House bill (No. 127) for the relief of the survivors of the
Sublette Cut-off massacre, ami for the payment of cer-
tain persons for expenses incurred by them in sending tlie
destitute widows and orphans to their homes in the State
of Missouri, having had the same under consideration, beg
leave to make the following report:
Prom the testimony adduced, it appears that on the morn-
ing of the 24th of Jaly, 1859, a party of emigrants from
Howard county, Missouri, were on their way to California,
and whilst passing through a cafion seven miles west of
Soda Spring, Utah Territory, they were attacked and un-
mercifully butchered by the Utah Indians. Men, women,
and children, shared the same fate. Their horses and
mules were driven off, wagons plundered, their clothing,
bedding, and provisions, were all taken, &c.
Vour committee would therelore report thai the herein
named parties be allowed the following amounts: To Anne
B. Shepherd, widow of W. F. Shepherd, deceased,$2,152 j
to Rebecca Wright, widow of J. D. Wright, deceased,
§1,201; to Marietta Shepherd, widow of T. F. Shepherd,
deceased, ^,*202; to James K. Shepherd, %1,561; to Wil-
liam C. Diggs, §J43; to Claiborne Raines, $62; to Pacific
Mail Steamship Company, $412; and to Frederick Dodge,
$614 38.
Your committee, therefore, report the accompanying bill.
The undersigned are willing to concur in reporting the
bill, but they deem it proper to state that they do so because
ot the peculiar honors and enormities which attended
the massacre, and the pitiable and deplorable condition
to which the survivors were reduced in consequence of it.
In consenting that this bill may be reported, they protest
against it as a precedent, and are unwilling to he regarded
as concurring m that which may be hereafter regarded as
fixing the liability of the Government lor all depredations
which may be committed bv Indians upon persons and
property. EMERSON ETIiEIUDGE,
1). C. LEACH,
CYRUS ALUKICH,
THOMAS M. EDWARDS.
Minority Report.
The undersigned, a minority of the Committee on Indian
Affairs, to whom was referred House bill No. 127, "forthe
relief of the survivors of the Sublette Cut-otf massacre,"
begs leave to submit the following leport and accompany-
ing bill, as a substitute for the bill reported by the majority
of said committee:
There is proof before the committee showing that a num-
ber of persons, on their way from the Stafe of Missouri to
the State of California, were attacked by the Utah Indians,
and a portion of them killed, and all their property .taken
from them. and the survivors left m a most destitute and
deplorable condition.
There is some proof as to the value of the property lost,
and the proof may be as full as could be expected in such
a ca-c, where we mint, from the necessities of the case,
rely mainly on the testimony of interested parties for a
knowledge of the value of the pioperty lost.
We also have the statement of Fredcnck Dodge. Indian
agent at Carbon's Valley, Utah Territory, showing that
O: F. D. Fairbanks was entitled to §250 for transportation
and board of the suivivors ot tins massacre from the scene
of disaster to Carbon's Valley; and that there was due
himself, for bills paid by him for transportation, clothing,
and lioaid of said smvi\ors, $614 33 ; and that there is duo
lite Tacilic Mail Steamship Company, for passage of the
widows and four children, (the survivors of this massacre,)
fioin San Fiancisco to New York. $412 50.
Thc*o thieo item* are suppoited by the unsworn state-
ment of Mr. Dodge, the Indian agent, and conoboiated to
a creator or less extent by the other iaets> in the ca-^c. And
while I doubt the propnety of adopting a uile of allowing
such claims on such ptooi, fiom the character of Mr. Dodge
as a Government oliicial, and the corroboration ot his state-
ments by the other known tacts of the case, I leeommend
1 he passage of the accompanying bill lot the payment of
these amounts.
Thete was no legal obligation on cither of these parties
to incur those expendituie-. But the instincts of humanity
required them to be incurred, and the pwisons voluntarily
inclining them mo entitled to our gratitude lor their gen-
erous* conduct, and should be promptly reimbursed to* ail
necessary expenditures in relieving the uuloituuate .suffer-
ers who survived this shocking mas-sacrc.
The remaining amounts piovided for in the bill reported
by the majority of the committee, amounting to $7,320 70,
are for the reimbursement ot the suivivors ami heirs of
those who sustained lobses by the Indians by this massacre
and robbery.
It i« not an application under the Indian intercourse act,
and involves the pnneiple of reimbursing citizens for losses
sustained by the act of a public enemy. Understanding that
it is against the policy of the Government to allow and pay
such claims, I am induced to report against the allowance
of these claims. I must, at the same time, say that no
stronger case could, probably, be presented to Congress for
the application^!" tins principle, it relief is to be given in
such eases. iJut if we allow this indemnity to poisons who
voluntarily n&ked their lives and pioperty by attempting to
cioss the great plains, through the Indian country, it would
be difficult to say why we should not indemnify our citi-
zens who, remaining at theii homes*, are invaded and mur-
dered and robbed by the Indians. And such eases are of
alnio&t daily occurrence m the States and Territories border-
ing on our Indian frontiers. If we give indemmiyiu one case,
justice and common right require that it should be given
in all other similat cases. And if this rule is to be adopted,
it becomes us to consider the amount ol such claims for
which the Government would become liable, and how we
are to obtain the money for their satisfaction.
JOHN II. REAGAN.
Mr. BURNETT. The question is now upon
the amendment, as I understand.
The CHAIRMAN. That is the first question
before the committee.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. Will the commit-
tee permit me to make a short statement in refer-
ence to this bill ?
Mr. PEYTON. I do not object to the bill; but
I do object to discussion.
