614
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
cumstances, when the same can be done by the
election' of a national man, such as Mr. Smith
is represented to be, particularly when that man
comes from the old "Whig organization, which has
furnished our party with many brilliant lights,
now standing by our side, gallantly fighting under
our banner. 1 am willing to change my vote from
Mr. Taylor, of Louisiana—for whom I have per-
sistently voted for the last three days, and whom,
I will say, I prefer above all others, for Speaker
of this House—and cast my vote for Mr. Smith,
of North Carolina.
Mr. HOLMAN. As illustrative of the senti-
ments of the Democracy of Indiana, in reference
to the organization of this House, I ask the Clerk
to read a resolution which was recently adopted
by the Democratic State convention of that State.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" Resolved, That in the harmony and union of tho Dem-
ocratic party conBist3 the strongest bond of union among
the several States of this Confederacy; and that the har-
mony and union of our party can only be maintained by a
strict observance of, and faithful adhcrcnce to, the estab-
lished rules and regulations of the party: Therefore,
"Be it further resolved, That, in the contest now going
on for the election of' Speaker in the House of Represent-
atives, at Washington, it ia tho imperative duty of every
Democrat from Indiana to stand firmly by, and support by
Ins vote for that office, the regular nominee of the Demo-
cratic party."
Mr. ENGLISH. I wish to inquire of my col-
league who is the nominee of the Democratic party-
tit this time ?
Mr. HOLMAN. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Bocock,] for whom I have voted with
a good deal ofpleasure.
Mr. ENGLISH. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia has been withdrawn as a candidate, and has
himself voted for Mr. Smith; and I respectfully
submit to my colleague to consider whether the
fact that a very large majority of the Democratic
party has voted for Mr. Smith is not equivalent
to making him the nominee of the Democratic
party? Would not voting for Mr. Smith under
those circumstanccs come within the spirit of the
Indiana resolution ?
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to say, in reply, that
in my humble judgment the spirit of tho resolu-
tion of the Indiana Democratic convention is this:
that the Democrats elected by Democratic votes
in Indiana, as Representatives here from the sev-
eral congressional districts, shall remain in the
Democratic organization in every vote they cast.
Therefore, by no vote of mine will T embarrass
the action of tho Democracy of my State.
Mr. WHITELKY. lias not the nominee of
the Democratic party voted for Mr. Smith, of
North Carolina? [Cries of " Order!" from the
Republican benches.]
Mr. HUGHES. I have, Mr. Clerk , so far cast
no vote outside of thp Democratic organization.
I have been disposed to try noexperiments. I have
not been seeking over the field to find some avail-
able candidate. It is with extreme reluctance that
1 shall depart from the plan i have laid down.
But, finding that so many of my Democratic
friends arc disposed to look towards a gentleman
who, it is possible, we may elect, and thus organ-
ize the House; knowing that gentleman person-
ally; appreciating, as I do, his patriotism, his con-
servatism, his personal virtues, and his ability;
havingcarefully considered whether I ought, under
the circumstances, to vote outside of the organi-
zation of the Democratic party, 1 have arrived at
the conclusion that, in order to settle this contcst
by the election of a national man, and the defeat
of a sectional man, I must rise higher than the
level of mere party considerations. I shall, there-
fore, change my vote from Mr. .Bocock to Mr.
Smith, of North Carolina.
Mr. STOUT. I trust that my present action
will meet with the approval of mv people. I
change my vote from Mr. Phelps, of Missouri,
to Mr. Smith, of North Carolina.
Mr, LANDRUM. Mr. Clerk, for the first time
since I have had a seat upon this floor, 1 find a
disposition on the part of the opposition to the
Republican party to unite, I desire xo lend that
disposition all the aid I can, I have voted uni-
formly for Mr. Bocock, when Mr. Bocock was
before this House. It has been my disposition
throughout to vote in accordance with the reso-
lutions of the Democracy of Indiana. No man
feels the spirit which those resolutions breathe
more than I do, and I believe I can say that, from
the first vote I ever cast for a political office, I
have uniformly voted for Democratic nominees.
1 cannot now vote for Mr. Bocock, but I will
follow my standard-bearer, and support him in
the camp where he has gone. I change my vote
from Mr. Bocock to Mr. Smith, of North Caro-
lina. [Applause from the Democratic benches.]
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Cleric, as it has become
fashionable for every gentleman who changes his
vote to state the reasons forthe change, I propose
now to give my reasons for the change I design
making. I do not make any remarks for the pur-
pose of justifying myself before my constituents;
because I do not believe they would call in ques-
tion any vote that I may give here in accordance
with the will of the largo majority of the Demo-
cratic party of this House. 1 represent upon this
floor, perhaps, as large a constituency as any man
here. I came here with a Democratic majority
of about fourteen thousand votes over a Repub-
lican opposition. I have never in my life given
any other than a Democratic vote. In the district
1 have the honor to represent, there is ail element
now assisting the Democratic party in sustaining
tho Union and the Constitution—I allude to the
old-line "Whigs. Formerly, in my district, the
Democratic majority was six or seven thousand
over tho Whig party. In 185C, it was about eleven
thousand; and in 1858, it was about fourteen thou-
sand over the Republican paity. That majority
has been brought about by the aid we have re-
ceived from the old national Whigs.
I change my vote, sir, not because I change any
principle 1 have ever entertained, or that I now
entertain, but for the purpose of organizing this
House, if possible, on a national basis, and to sat-
isfy tho people of the country that the Democratic
party here are disposed to give peace once more,
by every means in their power, to a distracted
country. We have tried in every possible man-
ner to do it. We have voted for Lecompton Dem-
ocrats; for anti-Lecompton Democrats; for Dem-
ocrats of every cast and shade; but at no time
have we received sufficient aid from all the ele-
ments opposed to the Republican party upon this
floor to make an election. I hope the country will
see that there is patriotism enough in the Demo-
cratic party to organize this House, by uniting
themselves upon any national man opposed to the
sectional Republican party, that antagonizes the
Constitution and the union of these States. I have
it, sir, from the mouth of the gentleman himself,
that he is an old-line Whig; that ho has never be-
longed to any organization save that of the old-line
Whig party; that he has never belonged to the
Know Nothing or American organization. Then,
sir, as he is an old-line Whig, and notan American,
or a Know Nothing, I am proud to give him my
vote for the purpose stated. I change my vote
from Mr. Phelps to Mr. Smith, of North Caro-
lina.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I hope I will be
indulged in an additional remark. [Cries of
" No," " No," and "Order!" from the Demo-
cratic benches.] I think it is due to myself.
[Renewed cries of" Order!" from the Democratic
benches.] I deem it my duty to make a statement.
Mr. BARRSDALL. I hope no objection will
be made; but that the gentleman will be allowed
to proceed.
Mr. SINGLETON. I object; and I will not
withdraw my objection.
The CLERK. These explanations can only
be mado, by the unanimous consent of the House.
Since objection has been made, the gentleman from
Illinois cannot proceed.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I hope my colleague
will ho allowed to proceed.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. 1 will seek another
opportunity.
Mr. SINGLETON. 1 refuse to withdraw my
objection under any circumstances.
iMr. BARKSDALE. I hope my colleague will
withdraw his objection.
Mr. SINGLETON. The gentleman has al-
ready mado one explanation, and he has not
changed his vote.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I voted for Mr.
Bocock. When I wasa candidate for reelection
in my district, I stated to my people that, when 1
came hero, I intended to do as 1 pleased, precisely,
in every particular, being responsible to them for
what I did. Without any further explanation, I
change my vote from Mr Bocock to Mr. Smith,
of North Carolina.
Mr. AVERY. I change my vote from Mr.
i Bocock to Mr. Smith, of North Carolina.
Mr. WRIGHT. 1 change my vote from Mr.
Bocock to Mr. Smith, of North Carolina.
Mr. McRAE. Mr. Clerk, X desire to say, be-
fore changing the vote I have cast, that my own
sense of propriety suggests, and the just judgment
of the country will determine, that the Democratic
party, being the largest of the organizations in the
House opposed to the Republican party, is en-
titled to the Speaker. I wish that fact to go out
to the country. Let it be known that my own
sense of propriety, and the just judgment of the
country, will so decide. But, sir, we have been
waiting here nearly two months, and it has been
seen that, while we presented the best and truest
men we had as our candidates, men unexception-
able in their personal character, pure in their polit-
ical record, wo could not bring to their support
those who were opposed to the Republican cle-
ment, and also opposed to the Democratic party;
and I wish this further fact to go out, that, while
we have presented such candidates for Speaker, we
have never yet been able to get one half of the
American vote for a Democrat as Speaker of this
House. I want it to go out for the further reason
that the gentleman who put Mr. Smith in nom-
ination said he desired the fact to go out to the
country, that tlicy had placed their man in a posi-
tion where tho Democratic vote, added to their
own, would elect him. I want also the fact to go
out, that not one half of them have voted for a
Democrat upon this floor. But now, I take no ex-
ception to that. I say the Democratic party, m
the greatness of italic art, the greatness of its prin-
ciples, in the greatness of its magnanimity, can
afford to be generous, and will be just, if not to
themselves, to the country. I therefore change
the vote I gave for Mr. Bocock, to Mr. Smith, of
North Carolina. [Applause in the galleries.]
Mr. HINDMAN. Mr. Clerk, at every ballot
during this contest I have voted for a Democrat.
I have thought all along, and still believe, that the
southern Opposition ought to have brought their
twenty-three votes to a man of our choice, a Dem-
ocrat, instead of asking us to carry our ninety-
odd votes to a man of their choice—one of them-
selves. It has been unreasonable for them—a
■small faction, not controlling a single State in the
Union—to demand such a concession of a great
national party, composed, as ours is, of Represent-
atives from every section.
But there seems to be a disposition among Dem-
ocrats to make the sacrificc. It is believed that
votes enough can be concentrated on the gentle-
man from North Carolina [Mr. Smith] to elect
him Speaker, and to end this protracted struggle.
Those good and true men, the Democrats of "the
North, who have made so many proofs of devo-
tion to the Constitution, indicate their willingness
to give this further evidence of patriotism. I un-
derstand that most of them, if not all, will vote for
Mr. Smith, when it appears that their support
will secure his election. But they cannot bo ex-
pected to do this until the entire South shall have
united upon him. Under these circumstances, I
am not disposed to be an obstacle in the way of
organization. I have heretofore said Chat I would,
in the last resort, vote for a southern Opposition-
ist, in order to defeat the Black Republican can-
didate; and I am now ready to take that respons-
ibility by changing my vote from Mr. Bocock to
Mr. Smith.
But, before making that change. I state dis-
tinctly, that I vote for Mr. Smith with the express
understanding that he has never belonged to or
affiliated with the Know Nothing party, directly
or indirectly; and that lie has always condemned
and repudiated its doctrines. I vote for him with
the understanding that he is an old-line Whig. In
voting for him as such, I have no eulogy to pass
on Whig-gory, and no indorsement to give to it.
I have never done that; and shall not be so incon-
sistent as to do so now. But Whiggery, as much
as I condemn it, is far less objectionable than
Black Republicanism. Between two evils, I shall
choose the least. I vote for Mr. Smith.
Mr. BURCH. Mr. Clerk, m changing my vote
from Mr. Bocock, of Virginia, to Mr. Smith, of
North Carolina, I desire to say, simply, that up to
this time I have voted consistently for a Democrat
for Speaker of this House, without exception; and,
further, that I should continue to so cast my vote
were it not for a rule for the government of my
political action, which I have ever strictly adhered
to, and that is, to yield cheerfully to the will of a
majority, and support the nominee of my party.
