192
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 5,
36th Cons. ... 1st Sess.
Polygamy in the Territories—Mr. Nelson.
Ho. of Reps.
sixteen emigrants on their way from Arkansas to Califor-
nia. 'The Church' ordered and executed the massa-
cre of half a dozen emigrant trains last July and August,
one hundred miles north of this, in which many lost their
lives, the survivors living on the charity of the army at
Camp Floyd, and on that of the chief justice, J udge Eckels.
'The Church1 robbed and plundered emigrants of large
numbers of cattle the past summer, within ten milesof Camp
Floyd, by running their cattle off at night while in camp,
and concealing them for several days in the ravines and
mountains, till the owners had to give up searching for them,
and go their winding way. The cattle, mules, or horses
were then quietly driven to the 4 Church herd,' which now
numbers its thousand4*. The pliant tools who execute this
were composed of what are known as 4 Danites,' or the
'Herds ot Dan,' or as 'Destroying Angels,' headed and
commanded by tried and chosen leaders, and numbering at
present about six hundred and forty, rank and file. Their
long-tried and favorite leader, < Bill Hickman,5 tippeaj-ing
to be not so zealous in plundering for 'the Church,' was
placed under severe police surveillance, and some very
clever Gentile merchants in this city had all their animals
stolen on tlienightof the 18th of December last. Hickman,
on learning it, ordered them broughtback, which was dono
in eight hours; but in eight hours more poor Hickman suf-
fered the penalty of {the Church,' being assassinated in
the street.
" 'The Church' requires, by its creed,polygamy and in-
cest. Uncleand niece are mairied, cohabit, and breed chil-
dren ; half-brother and sister, step-father and daughter, do
the same ; a widow, with all her (laughters by a deceased
man, arc married to the same man, and breed children by
him. 'The Church' fund now reaches the enoi mous amount
of $5,000,000, all of which is in the contiol of the vicege-
rent, Brigham. The money is mostly on deposit, about
as follows: fn New York city, $200,000; in other parts of
the United States, about two hundred thousand dollais; in
London, $1,000,OiK); m Liverpool, $500,000; and the bal-
ance in Glasgow, Copenhagen, Manchester Aubtialia, and
other portions of Euiope. The proteased object ol these
Mormons in assembling out here, is to enjoy their religion ;
there leal object is, and was from the beginning, to plun-
der, rob, murder, and give unicstrained liberty to all the
lower and baser passions of corrupt nature. We who have
studiously studied their daily walks, examined their legis-
lative grants, their church creeds and practices, their sa-
cred and terrible executions, their midnight assassins, and
the antecedents and character ot their leaders, stiikers,and
assistants, know this to lie true. You in the States, living j
under reasonable laws of restraint, enacted and acquiesced
in by the popular voice, think the partial revelations we
have made are too monstrous to believe. Several of the old
members of the once famous band of robbers, under the
lead of John Muircl, known in history as the land pirates
of the West, arc now in Utah, and arc the fearful and mid-
night c.vccutioneis of tho will and behest of 1 the Church.' "
In view of the disclosures made in that statement,
it seems to me that there would bo just as much
logic and as much propriety in asserting; that any
given number of men might band themselves to-
gether as robbers, murderers, and thieves, and
call that their religion, as to say that the people
eff Utah can, by joining- together under the desig-
nation of " Latter Day Samts," claim an especial
-protection under the provisions of the laws of the
United States. 'Anu, therefore, Mr. Speaker, I
submit theic can be no difficulty in the mind of
any gentleman on this floor as to the propriety of
repealing this act of incorporation.
I proceed to the consideration of the principal
question, which has been so much discussed in this
House—the question as to the first section—
whether it is our duty, and whether we have power,
to prohibit polygamy in the Territories of the
United States? 'Inapproaching the consideration
of this question, Mr, Speaker, 1 may be permitted
to say that I do not concur with my colleague,
[Mr. Etheridge,] cither in the argument he has
made, or in the spirit of levity, as it seems to me,
in which he treated this subject, in every point of
view in which he seemed to regard it. I shall
endeavor to treat it with all gravity and serious-
ness; for I regard it, in its political aspect, and in
its moral bearing, as a question of exceedingly
^reat importance, and one which ought to receive
the most anxious, earnest, and serious attention
of any deliberative assembly, who, m the dis-
charge of its duty, is called upon to act in respect
to it.
I shall not, Mr. Speaker, endeavor to answer
all the remarks that have been made by my col-
league on this question. A portion of his argu-
ment would be more ably and appropriately an-
swered by a wiser and better man than myself—
by some one whose calling and pursuits would
lead him more satisfactorily and authoritatively
to §|ve the requisite reply. But I may be allowed,
as the matter has been alluded to, to say that
whatever practices may have been tolerated under
what is called the Old Testament dispensation,
whatever social relations may have been permitted
prior to the advent of our Saviour, it is sufficient
for us to know that He in the supreme Lawgiver;
and that, as such, He had a right to change His
own laws, if they ever were changed, and to adapt
them to society, in its different stages, according
to His own pleasure.
Polygamy and incest, in the early period of the
history of the world, may not have been criminal,
because they may have been permitted for wise
reasons—for reasons very obvious to us, and, still
Better known to Him who holds the power of
regulation in His hands. Afterwards, sir, they
were tolerated, but we are told that " in the be-
ginning it was not so;" and even the putting away
of one's wife, among the people of Israel, by a
writing of divorcement, was only permitted be-
cause of the hardness of their hearts. And I doubt
not that, if the instances given in the Bible of the
existence of polygamy are carefully examined, it
will be seen that, in some form or other, the dis-
pleasure of Heaven was manifested, either in the
form of conjugal unhappiness, the rebellion and
disobedience of children, the obliteration of the
religious sentiment, or some speedy and effectual
punishment.
Without claiming, as I have said, the ability,
from any habits of investigation, to meet this
portion of the argument, which has been sprung
upon us by my distinguished colleague, as it should
be treated, I think I may safely say that, in my
humble judgment, whenever any;question of mor-
als is involved, the law of God is the only uner-
ring and unvarying standard of right and wrong.^
I know of no higher law than that. I know of
no superior power to that; and when He tells us
that this offense is wrong; that He does not per-
mit it; that He sees fit to prohibit it: it is our
duty, if wc respect Him, if we respect His laws,
and desire to render obedience to His commands,
to yield our submission to that mandate without
questioning the propriety or impropriety of it. As
His creatures, we have a right to do nothing else.
And when He tells us that we ought to avoid the
commission of this offense, and that lie prohibits
it, it is our duty to do what He tells us. But it
requires no blind or slavish submission on our
pait to believe, what the evidence of centuries as
well as the observation and experience of every
enlightened man has established, that the very
highest degroc of wisdom wns displayed in the
restriction, from the beginning of the world, of
the marriage relation to two persons only; and
that it is of the utmost consequence to society
that this institution should be preserved as it was
originally crcatcd, and that every protection should
be placed around it which can be afforded by the
majesty of the law, or the power and cfEcacWof
a sound and well-regulated public opinion. /
vJ
Thursday, April 5, 18fi0.
Mr. NELSON, resuming his remarks, said:
Mr. Speaker, I have staled already, that I do not
concur in the arguments which have been pre-
sented by my distinguished colleague, [Mr. Etii-
eridge.] During the time to which I am limited
it will be impossible for me to answer those argu-
ments at length. While declaring his purpose to
vote for the bill, all his arguments, so far as I
could comprehend them, were arguments against
the bill. In several passages of his specch he sub-
stantially repeated the following idea, announced
at its commencement:
" I believe sincerely, however, that whoevei votes for
this hill undei-uandmsiy, and with a knowledge ofthe con-
gressional power involved m parsing it, tliar man will not
fie m a position hereattci to deny consistently that Con-
press, by unfriendly legislation upon this and kmdicd sub-
jects, may cripple slavery in the Temtorics."
Against this proposition I respectfully enter my
dissent. To vote for this bill docs not, by any
means, involve the slavery question, as I will pres-
ently show more fully.
My colleague seemed to be especially desirous
to satisfy the Democratic portion of the House
that they could not with propriety vote for the
bill. Now, sir, regarding this as a question above
party, and outside of party, and desiring as I do
that this bill shall be passed by a vote as nearly
unanimous as wc can make it, I can have no ob-
jection, as a matter of course, that the Republi-
j; cans shall vote for the bill upon their own doctrine,
jj that Congress lias unlimited power to govern the
j{ Territories. I am willing that Democrats shall
ij vote for it? notwithstanding the argument of my
colleague from Tennessee, because of the princi-
ples established in the Dred Scott decision; and
they may do so, as I contcnd, without any viola-
tion of ^ny of the doctrines insisted upon by them
and by the South; for that decision says, when
speaking of territory acquired—(see 19 Howard's
Reports Supreme Court United States, pp. 448,
449:)
" But, as we have before said, it was acquired by the Gen-
eral Government, as the representative and trustee of tho
people of the United States, and it must therefore be held
in that character for their common and equal benefit; for
it was the people of the sevetal States, acting through their
agent and representative,the Pedeial Government, who in
fact acquired the territory in question, and the Government
holds it for their common use until it shall be associated
with the othei States as a member of the Union.
" But until that time arrives, it is undoubtedly neccssary
that some government should be established, in order to
oigamze society, and to protect the inhabitants in their
persons and property; and as the people of the United States
could act in this matter only through the Government which
represented them, and through which they spoke and acted
when the Tenitory was obtained, it was not only within
the scope of its power?, but it was its duty to pass such
laws and establish such a government as would enable those
by whose authority they acted to reap the advantages anti-
cipated from its acquisition, and to gather there a popula-
tion which would enable it to assume the position to which
it was destined among the States of the Union. The power
to acquire necessarily carries with it the power to preserve
and apply to the purposes for which it was acquired. The
form of government to be established necessarily rested in
the discretion of Congress. It was their duty to establish
the one that would he best suited for the protection and se-
curity of the citizens of the United States, and other inhab-
itants who might be authorized to take up their abode there;
and that must always depend upon the existing condition
of the Teriitoiy, as to the number and character of its in-
j| habitants, and their situation in the Territory. In some
'! cases a government, consisting of persons appointed by the
i Federal Government, would best subserve the interests of
| the Teiritory, when the inhabitants were few and scattered,
1 and new to one another. In other instances, it would be
j more advisable to commit the powers of self-government to
I the people who had settled in the Tenitory, as being the
| most competent to determine what was best for their rtwn
j interests. But some form of civil authority would be abso-
I; lutely neccssary to organize and pre&ctve civilised society,
i and prepare it to become a State; and what is the best form
! must always depend on the condition of the Territory at
| the time, and the choice of the mode must depend upon the
I e \ei o ise of a discretionary power by Congress, acting within
1 the scope of its constitutional authority, and not infringing
! upon the rights of person or rights of pioperty of tho citizen
j who might go theie to loside, or for any other lawful pur-
: pc-e. it was acquired by the exercise of this discietion,
j and it must be held and governed m like manner, until it is
j fitted to be a State.""
j And there, as I conceive, is the distinction be-
j tween the power of Congress over the subject of
slavery in the Territories, and the power of Con-
gress over the subject of crime. One involves the
right of property, with which Congress cannot
interfere; the other involves a matter within the
jurisdiction of Congress, as has always been held;
and tho right to define and punish crimes—the
latter having been early exercised—as wns well
and ably argued by the distinguished, and, I may
say, highly conscientious and independent Repre-
sentative from the State of Virginia, [Mr. Mill-
son.] I agree with him fully m his argument;
and m addition to what has been said by him in
regard to the crimes act of 1790, (1 United States
Statutes at Large, 113,) I beg leave to say that
there are various other sections of that act which
contain phraseology showing that it was the in-
tention to legislate upon the subject of crimes in
the Territories, as well as in the arsenals, dock-
yards, and other places specifically enumerated
m the Constitution, as will be seen by the follow-
ing citations:
Section thirteen punishes maiming " within any
j! of the places upon the land under the. sole and cx~
' elusive jurisdiction of the United States, or upon the
i high seas, in any vessel belonging to the United
; States, or to any citizen or citizens thereof."
| Section fourteen punishes the forgery of " any
■.certificate, indent, or other public security of the
: United States,'' without any reference whatever
' to the place where the offense was committed.
I Section fifteen punishes the stealing of any
I record, writ, or other proceedings in any of the
; courts of the United States.
j Section sixteen punishes larceny "within any
j of the places under the sole and exclusive jurisdic-
| {ton of the United States, or upon the high seas."
; Section seventeen punishes receivers within any
| part of the jurisdiction of the United States, as
| aforesaid.
! Section eighteen punishes i i perjury in any suit,
! controversy, matter, or cause depending in any of
