1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
615
Two-thirds of the Democratic members on this
floor have already voted for Mr. Smith, and, re-
garding their action as a nomination, without
inquiring into the antecedents of the gentleman,
and with a sincere desire to organize this House,
I cast my vote for Mr. Smith, of North Carolina.
Mr. COBB. I design to change my vote; but
before I do it, I desire to say that I stand at home
upon very delicate grounds, and in all probability
the very move I make upon this occasion may
consign me to private life for the balance of my
days. Bat whit care I for that, if by any act of
mine here I can do something for my country?
There are perhaps a hundred men in my district
who can represent that district better than I can.
I have heard, sir, a prophesy of the approach of
what is called the millennial day, and I believe, sir,
I seeat now beginning to dawn. Why do X say
so? We have had live conflicting elements in this
House, struggling against each other over since
we commenced our efforts to organize the House.
What do we see now? Happy, happy reflection!
I see a man presented now who has the votes of
a portion of all the elements of which I have
spoken, with the exception of the Black Republi-
cans. It is a significant fact that Mr. Smith has
now votes from every party in this House, ex-
cept from the Black Republicans. He has votes
fiom what is called the People's party of Penn-
sylvania, from the American party, from the Old
line Whig party, from the regular Democratic
party,andfrom the anti-Lecompton party. When
such a prospect is before me, why should I not
change my vote ?
But before I change my vote, let me corrcct a
false impression which has gone abroad in the
country. 1 have been called an old hard-shell
Baptist preacher. [Laughter.] I do not refer to
this with any intended disrespect to the ministry
of any religiousdenomination. I am aluud-shcll
Baptist, though not a hard-shell Baptist preacher,
I have, sir, never been able to aspire to the dig-
nity of that eminent position, which I would
much prefer to the one I occupy upon this floor.
Shall I not, however, as an humble individual, not
as a preacher, exhort for a little while. [Laugh-
ter.]
I exhort for the good of the country. What
have we done to-day? We have undertaken to
elect a Speaker, and up to this moment have made
rapid progress. I trust ere this hour draws to a
close that wo shall have succeeded, and that we
will be able to proclaim our success to an expectant
country.
First, I will say a word to the Republican party.
Well, gentlemen, if you had changed your front
four weeks ago you could have elected a Speaker
of this House. You would not, or you could
not do it. You have not made an organization,
and thank God the elements in opposition to you
are now about to effect the consummation of that
much-desired result, upon a national man. You
insisted, with unprecedented pertinacity, in cling-
ing to one man, who, though personally unobjec-
tionable, has, nevertheless, made himself offens-
ive to a majority of this House by his indorsement
of the infamous Helper book. Still you persist
m pressing him. Our duty it is, as good patriots,
to defeat that nominee.
Now for a word to the northern and north-
western Democrats. Shall we defeat that Repub-
lican nominee ? Will you come forward and help
lis ? There are only one or two of you obstinate.
[Lajighter.] Do not persist m wrong-doing any
longer; come and vote with us. The anti-Le-
compton men have come up. Will not all of the
northern and northwestern Democrats come up?
Of course they will. I give them time for reflec-
tion. [Laughter.] Come up like patriots, and
do that to-day for your country which will com-
mand for you the applause of every true man and
woman in it. Sacrifice something this day upon
the common altar, for the Constitution and the
Union. Give peace to this excited and distracted
people. Defeat this Republican party and its
nominee. Will you do it? [Laughter.] The
rcsolvaion read by the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Holman] ought not to be an obstacle in his
way. He voted for Mr. Bocock, and Mr. Bo-
cock now votes for Mr. Smith, of North Caro-
lina. Why cannot he follow his standard-bearer?
Come and find him in the ranks with us. Ought
not that to be sufficient that we are the large ma-
jority of the Democratic party who occupy this
position ? This is the time, this the opportunity,
and let gentlemen avail themselves of it. If you
do not help to elect Mr. Smith now, another op-
portunity to unite all the opposition elements upon
a national man may not present itself; and it may
be that the plurality rule will then .be the only
means left us for an organization. Mark my pre-
diction: We are now within six or eight votes of
electing Mr. Smith. If \Ve come within two or
three votes of electing him, if that side of the
House is as loyal as this is, they will never let
you take another vote until the plurality resolution
isadopted. Those who want a national man ought
now to show it by their votes. I voted for Mr.
Maynard. For that vote I have no pardon to beg
of my constituents. It is upon the record. If
they deem that I am not governed by patriotic
impulses, let them drive me from public life. I
served, I think, my constituents and my country
when I voted for Mr. Maynard. He is an old-line
Whig, and a true national man.
Men of the Northwest, I have been willing to
aid you in your great battle. I have never been
willing to abandon you. I have never changed
my vote from the Demociatic nominee when it
would hurt you. Most of you have already voted
for Mr. Smith, and I change my vole and vote
for Mr.Smith. Whycannot you all changeyour
votes ? If I felt that changing my vote would break
down the glorious Democracy of the North and
the Northwest, I would not do it. I call upon
their Representatives here, then, to lay aside their
party predilections, and to come up and vote for
Mr. Smith. Let us all go hand in hand, and with
hearts filled with one great purpose. Democrats
of all shades, anti-Lecompton Democrats, Le-
compton Democrats—all of you, make one united
effort to put in that Speaker's chair a conservative
old-line Whig. I vote for William N. II. Smith,
of North Carolina. [Applause.]
Mr. KUNIvEL. Mr. Clerk, as Mr. Smith,of
North Carolina, has now received the entire vote
of alt the Representatives upon this floor from the
southern States, with two or three exceptions,
and m the hope of inducing those gentlemen who
stand out to follow my example, I now change
my vote from Mr. Bocock to Mr. Smith, of North
Carolina.
Mr DAVIDSON. I stated some days ago,
Mr. Clerk, that whenever my vote was needed,
I was ready to give it for any national man upon
whom we could organize this House. I am ad-
vised that Mr. Smith is an old-line Whig, and
that he has never been, and is not now, a member
of the Know Nothing or American party. If there
is a man m this House more familiar with the old-
line Whig party than 1 am—having always been
a straight-out Jackson Democrat—-I do not know
him. And I take great pleasure in giving this
evidence of the respect I have for the old-line
Whig party, being one of the last of the Demo-
crats from the South in casting my vote for Mr
Smith, of North Carolina, as I now do.
Mr. RUFFIN. I suppose I am now standing
alone in the southern phalanx, and it is about
time that I should march over.
Mr. Clerk, at the commencemcntof thissession,
when we commenced balloting forSpeaker, I was
determined to adhere to the Democratic nominee,
and to vote for no man outside of that organiza-
tion, unli ss the probability was that by my vote
lie could be elected. I never intended, either, to
vote for any man that the Democrats from the
North were not willing to support. For six years
I have stood side by side with northern Demo-
crats. I have always found them true men, will-
ing to gi\e equal justice to all sections of the
Union; and,sir, 1 have not been willing,and I am
not now willing, to give any vote that will injure
them at home. I am not willing to desert itiy al-
lies with whom I have fought here for years, and |
go over to the Opposition, against whom, at home, !
I have always contended. But, sir, I find things |
now in this position: there has been a struggle i
here, for nearly two months with a sectional party
waging a war against the South, We have tried
our own men of the Democratic party. I have in-
variably voted for them, not only here, but 1 may
say, and say truly, that in no political election in
my life have I ever voted against a Democrat; and
to-day, for the first time, I expect to vote for a man
opposed to my own political sentiments; nothing
but the importance of the occasion, nothing but the
great.necessity of organizing this House upon a na-
tional platform, could induce me to vote for a man
opposed to my own political sentiments. Ihelieve
the Democratic party to be true to the country; I
believe it to be a constitutional party; I am devoted
to its principles, and I never expect to do anything
to injure that party or its principles; and even how
I cannot say that I should have been willing to
vote for my colleague—a man for whom I have -
the highest regard, a man whom I know to be
eminent in his profession as a lawyer, and whom
I know will adorn that chair, and give satisfaction
to the country—if I had not been advised arid en-
couraged by my Democratic allies of the North.
In frequent conversation with them, a majority of
whom have already voted for him, I have been
advised and requested to vote for him; and now I
take the responsibility of changing my vote from
Mr. Bocock to my colleague, Mr. Smith, of North ,
Carolina.
Mr. ENGLISH. Mr. Clerk, I desire to say
a word, and but a word, in explanation and justi-
fication of the vote I am about to give. Those
who are acquainted with my personal and politi-
cal history know that I have never belonged to,
or sympathized with, any other than the D.e'm- •
ocratic party. I have stood with that party against
all the political oiganizations that have from time
to time been arrayed against it. When the old
Whig party existed I opposed it upon those issues
which have now become obsolete, and are no
longer before the country. Upon the great ques-
tion of slavery, which is the vital question of this
day, 1 stand where the Democracy stood, and the
Whig party stood, as long as the Whig party
had an existence.
Upon the adventof the KnowNothing or Amer-
ican party, I opposed it persistently and consist-
ently, and particularly the peculiar doctrines of
that party in relation to naturalization and religion.
My views upon these subjects have undergone no
change. I am for our naturalization laws as they
stand, and for the entire freedom of religious be-
lief, and would resist, to the last, any infringe-
ment upon the one sr the other. Nothing of that
kind is at issue here now. It is simply a question
whether sectional men, or national men, shall have
the organization of this House. I admit, and have
so stated often in the face of my constituents,
that the theory of the American party was national
upon the slavery question, and in no essential re-
spect different upon that subject from the position
of the Democracy. In practice, I regret to say,
this theory has not always, and in every section, ,
been carried out; but the position professed by
that party induced mo to declare often during the
last presidential canvass that, as between Fillmore
and Fremont, I was for Fillmore. I meant, sir,
exactly what I said. But I need not dwell upon
the subject here now, because I have it from the
most undoubted sources thatMr, Smith, for whom
I intend to vote, is not now, and never has been,
a member of the American organization. I may
say that I have this from his own lips, and it is
confirmed by what I have heard from various other
sources. He is an old-line national Whig, and
nothing else; hates Republicanism, and sympa-
thizes with the national Democracy. He has
shown this by voting repeatedly with us for Dem-
ocrats to fill the Speaker's chauf Whenever we
have had a Democratic nominee, I have voted for
him. I always should do so; but Mr. Bocock,
who was our nominee, withdrew some time since,
and has himself voted for Mr. Smith, and so has
nineteen twentieths of the Democrats upon this
floor. We have no Democratic nominee for
Speaker, then, except in so far as this almost unan-
imous expression of the Democracy here makes
Mr. Smith one. I do not think, under all the cir-
cumstances, I would be justified in holding out
against the judgment and decision of the great
body of my party.
If, by going with my political friends for a na-
tional and conservative man who stands with us
on the great issues, although differing vrithus, it
may be, upon some things, I can contribute to
the defeat of the Republican party, which I con-
sider the most dangerous party existing in the
country—if I can contribute to prevent the elec-
tion of the candidate of that party, who is the in-
dorser of the treasonable doctrines of the Helper
book, I do not think I ought to hesitate; and
therefore I change my vote from Mr. Florf.ncb
to William N. H. Smith, of North Carolina.
[Applause.]
