1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2579
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. This bill concerns
persons who reside m the districts of my colleague
ami myself, and I hope the gentleman will not
object to a short statement-being made by my col-
league or myself.
Mr. PEYTON. Well, sir, there will be fewer
bills passed if discussion is permitted; and in
consideration of that fact, I will .withdraw my ob-
jection.
Mr. STANTON. It is utterly useless to go
into the discussion of such a bill as this. If the
amendment reported by the minority is adopted,
I am willing to allow the bill to go to the House;
but not otherwise.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I hope the com-
mittee will allow me just two minutes to explain
this bill in. I will not go beyond that length of
time.
My friend from Texas takes the ground that
the Government is not liable for losses of this
description. I will tell that gentleman that more
than a dozen years ago the road upon which these
people were robbed and murdered was opened by
the Government, and a line of military posts was
established upon it. Congress raised a rifle regi-
ment, to be stationed on that road, and every
invitation that could be given was held out to in-
duce travel upon that road, between the States on
this side and the then Territories of the United
States on the Pacific. The rifle regiment was
withdrawn and sent elsewhere. It has been, a
great deal of the time, upon the frontier of Texas,
saving the constituents of the gentleman from the
tomahawk and the scalping-knife of the Indians
in that region. These people, upon the strongest
invitation of the Government, took their way over
that road to the Pacific; and they were waylaid,
robbed, and murdered.
The massacre was committed under circum-
stances that find few parallels in the world's his-
tory of massacres. Women and orphan children
were left in a wilderness wounded and unpro-
tected. They were found by the gentlemen named
in this bill, and taken to their friends. They are
penniless, not even having the means of supply-
ing themselves with the necessities of life, and no
ability to procure these means. Can any stronger
appeal be presented to the sympathy and even to
the stern justice of this House? Is there any-
thing unjust in giving them that which the In-
dians took away from them while they were, upon
the invitation of the Government, pursuing their
way to the Pacific over this road? They were
invited to travel upon that road,and it was prom-
ised that they should receive the protection of the
Government. Now that they have suffered these
heavy losses, I hope that the provisions of this
bill, granting them indemnity, will receive the
approbation of this House.
Mr. LEAKE. Were these people who traveled
over that road in the employment of the Govern-
ment?
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. Not at all.
Mr. LEAKE. Were they traveling at the
Government expense?
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. No, sir.
Mr. LEAKE. Were they traveling for the
benefit of the Government?
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. No, sir.
Mr. LEAKE. They were traveling, then, for
their own private benefit?
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. Yes, sir.
Mr. LEAKE. Did the Government insure
their lives if they traveled that road?
Mr.CRAIG,ofMissouri. No,sir. Twenty-five
or twenty-eight years ago this Government passed
an act called the Indian intercourse act, by which
it was said to the citizens of the United States,
if, when traveling legally through the Indian
country, they were robbed, and some of their
number murdered, they would not follow the In-
dians and make reprisals, the tribe would be com-
pelled to furnish indemnity out of the annuities
given them by the Government. That law has
been repealed; but whether it was repealed before
this massacre or not, I do not know. This is a
case, Mr. Chairman, that appeals not only to the
sympathy but to the justice of Congress. Shall
we not pay these widows and orphan children this
money? Their husbands and fathers have been
killed, and all their property has been robbed
from them ?
Mr. STANTON. -1 only want a few minutes
in which to make a reply to the gentleman from
Missouri. 1 do not want any more. I under-
stand the gentleman from Missouri to claim—in-
asmuch as the Government made this military
road, and people traveled on it and were robbed
and murdered by the Indians—that therefore we
should pay for that destruction of life and prop-
erty. If there-had been no road made and these
people had been wandering through the woods,
then there would be no claim against the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. CRAIG, ofMissouri. The gentleman from
Ohio misstates me. I know that he does not do
so intentionally. He has taken a lawyer turn
upon me that I do not like. 1 say that that road
was opened, and that a rifle regiment was raised
and put upon it under an act of Congress. Citi-
zens of the United States were invited to travel
upon that road. Every kind of invitation was
extended to them. It was held out that those who
traveled upon it would be protected. That regi-
ment was withdrawn and sent elsewhere. These
people, in compliance with that invitation, went
upon that road, and while on their way to the
Pacific, were robbed and massacred. Under the
belief that the Government would protect them,
they were massacred by these Indians.
Mr. STANTON. Does the gentleman say that
the Government is bound to make good the losses
of life and property where the Government has
not sent soldiers to watch any wandering citizen
and keep him from being hurt? If that be a
sound rule applied to men traveling from the
eastern to the western portions of the Confeder-
acy, it is equally sound in reference to persons
traveling anywhere else. I do not understand that
this Government is under any obligation in a time
of peace to send an escort with those who may
be traveling, with or without their families. They
travel, taking the risk of attack by banditti of
every kind—white, black, or yellow, if, for every
hardship they endure for the calamities that may
befall them, it is designed we shall make compen-
sation out of the Treasury, then all you have to
do, is to go to work and revise the tariff bill now
in the Senate and increase the rates of duties, for
it must be a Very full Treasury that can stand the
operation of such principles.
Mr. BURCH. Let the bill and amendment go
to the House, and let us there dispose of the ques-
tion.
Mr. STANTON. If the amendment be not
adopted, I will object to the bill.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I hope the com-
mittee will indulge me in a word in answer to the
gentleman from Ohio. These people are my
neighbors and friends. They have a right to ask
this Government for indemnity. My colleague
has very succinctly stated the grounds upon which
the claim is based. The gentleman from Ohio
takes exception to the claim; and he puts these
parties upon the ground of persons travelingany-
where in the United States. There is clearly a
distinction in favor of this case. Treaties were
made with the Utah Indians, and military posts
were established in their country. This road was
opened,and the people were invited to travel upon
it. These people, while traveling toward the Pa-
cific, were massacred. They occupy a peculiar
position, and have a peculiar claim on this Gov-
ernment. Who will deny that these parties have
merit in their claim ?
Mr. Shepherd and Mr. Price, when this Con-
gress convened, came to this city with orphan
children in their care. Their fathers had been
robbed and murdered; the property of their par-
ents had been taken by Indians. That property
was put upon this road by invitation of this Gov-
ernment. These people want the necessaries of
life. They have been deprived of their natural
protectors. The property that was theirs has
been swept away. I appeal to the House that no
technicality shall be interposed to prejudice this
claim. I hope, therefore, that the amendment
will be voted down.
Mr. GARTRELL. 1 object to both the bill
and amendment. .
Mr. MAYNARD. As postponing relief is
actually denying relief, I propose to accept the
amendment, and let the House vote upon it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
j the gentleman from Georgia to object.
! ' Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I hope thegentle-
| man from Georgia will withdraw his objection,
j and let the vote be taken oil the substitute.
Mr. GARTRELL. I withdraw the objection
for the present.
Mr. EDWARDS. Being one of the committee
who had that matter under consideration, and
having signed the report, I desire a few mjfiutes
to explain. [Cries of " Go on !"] There is an
erroneous impression in regard to the responsi-
bility of the Government for injuries sustained on
account of Indian depredations. I merely want
to say on that point that, at the time this transac-
tion took place, the law of the United States was
that, if any person was lawfully in the Indian
country, and there sustained any damage by In-
dians of any tribe with which the United States
had a treaty of amity, the United States were
bound to indemnify such person, whether there
was any annuity payable to those Indians or not.
By the intercourse act of 1834, it is expressly so
provided. This, then, being so, if these parties
were passing through the Indian country, and if
it. can be ascertained that the Indians who com-
mitted these murders and destroyed this property
were in amity with the United States, then the
United States are bound to make this indemnity.
Now, it was not quite clear before the committee
what Indians committed this outrage; or whether
or not they were in amity with the United States.
It was not clearly shown that it was perpetrated
by Indians in amity; and, therefore, it did not come
ccrtainly within the letter of the law.
Mr, HARRIS, of Virginia. I object to debate.
Mr. EDWARDS. I ask to be allowed to con-
clude, as I have been allowed to commence.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. I object to debate.
Mr. EDWARDS. 1 merely wish further to
make this statement, that the majority of the com-
mittee, notwithstanding the doubts and uncertain-
ties involved in the case, regarded it as a case of
such extreme suffering—these women being de-
prived of their husbands and children, murdered
in their presence, and left in a state of utter desti-
tution, and all their property destroyed or carried
away—that they unanimously agreed that indem-
nity should be made.
The question being on the substitute reported
by the minority of the committee,
Mr. PRYOR. I object to the whole bill.
Mr. CRAIG, ofMissouri. I desire to ask the
gentleman from Virginia one question.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. 1 call the gentleman from
Missouri to order.
Mr. CflAIG, of Missouri. Will not the gen-
tleman allow me to a£k a question of the gentle-
man from Virginia?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. No, sir. I call the gen- „
tleman to order. The gentleman has no- right to
ask a question.
Mr. PRYOR. I withdraw the objection.
Mr. CLARK, ofMissouri. I ask for a vote on
the substitute.
Mr. LEAKE. After the committee shall have
voted on the substitute, will it be in order to object
to the bill?
The CHAIRMAN. It will.
Tellers were demanded and ordered; and
Messrs. Cauey and Etheuibge were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes eighty-eight, noes not counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. There being noobjection,
the bill Will be laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. JONES. The Chair did not propound the
question whether anybody objected .to the bill.
Now, I object to that bill m any form. 1 am
opposed to the principle. « .
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides-that
the objection comes too late.
Mr BURNETT. I am compelled to appeal
from that decision, because I think it is in direct
violation of the precedents on the subject.
'Mr. STANTON. I think that it was certainly
understood all around that if the amendment were
concurred in there, should be no objection.
Mr. JONES. The question was distinctly pro-
pounded to the Chair, whether it would be in order
to object after the amendment was voted on, and
the Chair replied that it would be.
Mr. STANTON. It certainly would not betoo
late, but the amendment was agreed to,and there
was no objection.
Mr. BURNETT. I withdraw the appeal.
Mr. HARDEMAN. I will take an appeal
myself, notwithstanding I may be m favor of the
