I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
193
HGtii Cong.... 1st Sess.
Polygamy in the Territories—Mr. Nelson.
Ho. of Reps.
the courts of the United States, or in any deposi-
tion taken pursuant to the laws of the United
States."
Section twenty-one, as to bribery; section twen-
ty-two, as to obstruction of process; and section
twenty-three, as to rcscue, are not applied to any
special place, and were evidently designed to in-
clude every place over which the United States has
jurisdiction.
None of these offenses are specifically men-
tioned in the Constitution; and the right to legis-
late in regard to them is not derived from any spe-
cific grant of power, such as the able jurist from
Louisiana [Mr. Taylor.] contended for.
Consequently, I maintain that the arguments
which have been made, that the crimes act of 1790
was intended to have a special application to the
arsenals, forts, dock-yards, and the District of
Columbia, cannot be sustained, inasmuch as the
reading of that act shows clearly that it was the
intention of Congress to legislate in respect to
every species of crime they saw fit to prohibit,
for every place over which Congress has exclu-
sive jurisdiction.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I differ with my distin-
guished colleague [Mr.ETHERiDGE] as to the dis-
tinction he has taken between crimes which are
mala in se and those which are mala prohibita.
My colleague argued that polygamy is not a
crime mal um in se, but is a crime malum prohibitum.
With the consent of the House, I will mcoiporate
into my remarks a quotation from Blackstone's
Commentaries, sustaining conclusively the cor-
rectness of the position I have taken, that polyg-
amy is a crime malum in set and showing that my
colleague was in error when he asserted the con-
trary.
In 1 Wendell's Blackstone, 53, 54, the distinc-
tion is lucidly stated in the following paragraphs:
" With regard to the first ol tUese, the declaratory patt of
the municipal Jaw, this depends not so much upon the law
of revelation or of nature as upon the wisdom and will of
the legislator. Tins doctunc, which before was slightly
touched, deserves a xnoie particular explication. TJiObe
nghts, then, which God and nature have established, and
are therefore called natural lights, such as are life and hb-
wty, need not the aid of human laws to be more effectually
invested in every man than they are; neither do they re-
ceive anv additional strength when declared by the muni-
cipal laws to be inviolable. On the contrary, no human
legislature has power to abridge or destroy them, unless
the owner shall himself commit some aet that amounts to
a forfeiture. Neither do Divine or natural duties (such as,
for instance, the worship of God, the maintenance of chil-
dien, and the like) icceive any stronger sanction fiom be-
ing also declared to he duties by the law ol the land. The
case is the same as to crimes and misdemeanors that are
forbidden by the superior laws, and therefoiestyled mala
in se, such as murdoj. theft, and pcijurv; which contract
no additional turpitude from being declared unlawful hv
the mfeiior legislatuie; for that legislature in all those cases
acts only, as was befoio ob^cived, in e-uboidhiation to the
great Lawgiver, transcribing and publishing Ilis precepts,
rio that, upon the whole, the declaratory pait of the muni-
cipal law has no force or operation at all with legatd to
actions that are naturally and intrinsically right or wrong.
" I>ut, with regard to things in themselves indifferent, the
case is entirely alteicd, These become either right or
wiong, just oi unjust, duties oi misdemeanors, accoiding
as the municipal legislator proper, for promoting the
welfare of the society, and more effectually carrying on the
purposes of civil hie. Thus our own common law has de-
cided that the good.; of the wife do instantly, upon mar-
riage, become the property and light of the husband; and our
statute law has declaied ail monopolies a public offomc;
y«t that right and this offense have no foundation in natuie,
but are merely created by the law for the purposes of civil
society. And sometimes, where the thing itseli has its use
from the law of nature, the particular circumstances and
mode of doing it become right or wrong, as the laws ot the
land shall diiect. Thus, for instance, m civil duties, obe-
dience to superiors is the doctrine of icvealed a-< wen as
natural religion; but who those Miperiots shall be, and m
what eitcumstances, or to what degree5; they shall be
obeyed, it is the provmcc of human laws to determine. And
so as to injuries or crimes, it must be left to our own legis-
lature to decide in what case3 the seizing another's cattle
shall amount to a trespass or a theft; and where it shall be
a justifiable action, as when a landlord takes them by way
of distress for rent."
In prohibiting polygamy, we shall act only " in
subordination to the great Lawgiver, transcribing
and publishing His precepts." He has said,
" Thou shalt not commitadultery." He has au-
thorized marriage alone with one person at the
same time, and when the relation is extended
further against His law, it becomes adulterous,
and is consequently malum in se.
Reverting, for a moment, to the crimes act of
1790, I beg leave also to call the attention of the
House to a remark made by Judge Catron, which
should have been mentioned in another place, and
New Series—No. 13.
which furnishes a conclusive answer to the views
entertained by the gentleman from Louisiana,
[Mr. Taylor,] and others who hold thatthe crimes
act of 1790 was not intended to apply to the Ter-
ritories. He says, in 19 Howard, p. 522:
" It is due to myself to say, that it is asking much of a
judge, who has for nearly twenty years been.exercising ju-
risdiction from the western Missouri lino to the Rocky
Mountains, and. on this understanding of the Constitution,
inflicting the extreme penalty of death for crimes commit-
ted where the direct legislation of Congress was the only
rule, to agree that he had been all the while acting in mis-
take, and as a usurper."
It may be remarked further that Congress has
exercised the power now in question by making
polygamy a felony in the District of Columbia,
punishable, for the first offense, by an imprison-
ment of not less than two nor more than seven
years, and for the second, of not less than five
nor more than twelve years.
The position which has been assumed here in
argument, that a law creating a Territory is acom-
pact between the United States and theTerritory,
is not tenable. The Constitution of the United
States maybe in the nature of a compact between
the States and the General Government; so,
when a State is created, the law creating it may
be a compact between the Government and that
State; but I deny, Mr. Speaker, that a law cre-
ating a Territory is a compact between the United
States and the territorial government. What arc
the Territories ? They are the creatures of Con-
gress; they are the mere agents of Congress. Any
authority delegated to Territorial Legislatures is,
in its nature, revokable at the pleasure of Con-
gress, unless the right of revocation is expressly
renounced. I maintain that the idea of a compact
does not apply to them, as has been argued in
opposition to this bill, because they have no po-
litical rights under the Constitution, and, while in
a state of pupilage, can enjoy those rights only
which are delegated to or conferred upon them
by Congress.
I must, within the brief time allotted to me,
run rapidly over the other grounds of opposition
taken in the course of this discussion. Having
shown that Congress has the power to pass this
statute, and having stated my dissent to the prop-
osition assumed by my colleague, [Mr. Ethisr-
idge,] I beg leave to add, without taking up any
time on the question, that, in common as I be-
lieve with most, if not all, the Whig or Opposi-
tion Representatives on this floor from Tennes-
see, I hold to the correctness of the proposition
that was announced in the Opposition platform
in the last gubernatorial contest in our own State,
and which is substantially the same as that put
forth in the Democratic platform.
The Opposition resolution, adopted on the 29th
March, 1859, is m the following words:
"2. That while wo will maintain with unwavering firm-
ness our constitutional rights in relation to slaveiy, we be-
lieve that the further limitation of (he question tends to no
practical good to any poition of the country, and should
therefore cease : i egarding the principle as settled that the
people of the Territories., wiicn they come to torin a con-
stitution and establish a State- government, shall decide the
•question for themselves."
The Democratic resolution, adopted on the 17th
of March, 1859, is similar in principle, though
stronger in its phraseology. It is as follows:
«Iicmlml, That we are satisfied with the views an-
nounced by the Supreme Couttot the United totates in the
celebrated'case of ' Dred Scott,- on the rights of slavehold-
ers and the status of slavery m the Territories, and are will-
ing to abide by the principles announced in that decision.
Slavery and the rigliti of slaveholders are protected by the
Constitution of tile United States, and by an appeal to the
action of the judicial tribunals of the 1 Tmon, until the form-
ation of a constitution by tne people ot a Territory, and
then the State must decide lor itself on that as well as other
legitimate subjects of government.'1
Mr. ETHERIDGE. If my colleague will per-
mit me, 1 will say a word.
Mr. cobb. The gentleman from Tennessee
has already made one speeds, while there are
dozens of members who have not had opportunity
to speak to this question. I am one of those who
have not had a chance to define my position. If
I had three minutes' time it would be all I would
want. If al! those who have not spoken on this
question are to be still kept off the floor, I must
insist that those who have already spoken shall
keep their mouths shut.
The SPEAKER. If objection be made, the
gentleman from Tennessee cannot take the floor.
Mr. COBB. I will not object, if I can get three
minutes for myself.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I do not want to embark
rass my colleague. I only want to propound ian
interrogatory.
Mr. COBB. I withdraw my pbjection."
Mr. ETHERIDGE. My colleague assumes
that he differs from me. I do not think that we
differ materially. I desire, however, to ask my
colleague whether, if he assumes Congress has
the power to puiiish crimes in a Territory such
as he haaenunfirated,he does not think Congress
has the power to extend the punishment fixed to
.slaves? I ask him whether negroes in _a Territory
are not amenable to such law as this Congress
may pass defining and punishing-offenses ?
Mr. NELSON. Most unquestionably I think,
Mr. Speaker, that since the decision in thfi Dred
Scott case—a decision made by the highest tri-
bunal in our own country and in tho world; by
the only tribunal which is recognized as the final
arbiter oil questions of constitutional law; a de-
cision which I think was made directly upon the
point before the court, and not an obiter dictum,
as arguments in various parts of the country have
assumed—I say, sir, upon that decision, that I
hold Congress has no power to interfere with the
institution of slavery in the Territories; because
that institution is recognized, in some form or
other, in three different places in the Constitution:
first, in the provision as to the rendition of fugi-
tives from labor; secondly, in the representation
founded upon the ownership of slaves; and third-
ly, tho recognition of the African slave trade, and
the power vested in Congress to abolish it. Be-
lieving that it is the duty of every good citizen—
every truly patriotic man—to yield a ready obe-
dience to the decisions of the highest tribunal of
the land, I tlnnk we ought all to be content with
the announcement that has been made there as to
what is tho law—what are our constitutional
rights—what are our respective duties on the sub-
ject. I am satisfied with it. The learning, the
integrity, tho independence, of that exalted tri-
bunal, which could have had no motive under
'heaven to mislead it, should command the con-
fidence and respect of the whole country; and
every law-abiding man'who reflects that there
must be some point at which litigation is to cease,
some period when strife must terminate, ought to
be satisfied with it.
Having shown that Congress has the power to
pass this statute, I shall demonstrate the neces-
sity ofit, if any further demonstration bo requisite,
by calling the attention of the House—without
referring to matters of older date—to the startling
, disclosures made bv Judge Cradlebaugli, in his
: recent speech at Circleville, Ohio, a part of which,
with the permission of the House, I shall cause
to be inserted in the printed report of ray remarks.
The portion of the speech referred to is taken by
me from the IS^ashvilie Daily JNTcws of March 25,
1860, and is as follows:
"Utah and Moemokism.—Mr. John Cradlebaugh, as-
sistant judge of the Ten itoi y of Utah, being on a visit to
Cireleville, Ohio, his native place, addressed the citizens
of that town, on Thuisday last, upon Utah and Mormonisni.
From a very full repoi t of bis speech, published m the Cin-
cinnati Gazette, wo take tho following passage :
" Its Origin.—This wretched sect had its origin in an
eeccntncity of a man named Spaulding, who had failed fis
preacher and shop keeper, and who thought lie would write
an historical novel. Heiiadasmatteiingofbiblical knowl-
edge, anil he chose for his subject < The History oi the Lost
Tribes of Israel.' The whole was supposed to be commu-
nicated by Indians, and the last of tile series was named
Mormon, repiescntingthat lie had baaed the book. It was
a large, ponderous volume, dull, tedious, and intciminablc,
marked by ignorance and lolly. Spaulding made many
ellbits to get it printed, but the work was so utterly flat,
stupid, and insipid, that no publisher would undertake to
bring it before the woild. Foor fcpanlding at length went to
ins grave, and ins manuscript remained a neglected roll in
the possession of his widow.
"But now arose Joe Smith, more ready to live by his wits
than bv the labor of his hands. This Smith early in life
manifested a turn for pious fiaud-J. He bad been engaged
in several wrestling matches with the devil, and had been
conspicuous lor his wondei i'ul expel leilce in religion at cor
tain revivals. He announced that be had dug up Iho boo-t
of Mormon, that taught the true religion; and this was no
other but the poor Spauldmg manuscript, which he had pur-
loined from the house of the widow. In his unscrupulous
hands the nianuseiipt of Spauldmg was designed to cause
an august apostaey: he made it the basts of Motmonism.
"Joe Smith became a prophet, and the founder of a relig.ous
sect; the piesident of a swindling bank: the budder ot
the city of Nauvoo; the mayor of the city; general of the
armies of Israel; candidate for the Presidency of tho Lw-
