1636
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
Mr. MASON. It is immaterial. I do not
desire Co pursue such an inquiry.
Mr. WIGFALL. With the permission of the
Senator from Virginia, I will read the proceedings
in the Senate on the law which is referred to:
"Mr. Dodge, of Iowa, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom-was referred the bill (H. It. No. 315)
establishing the officesof surveyor genera! in New Mexico,
Kansas, and Nebraska, to grant donations to actual settlers
therein, and for other purposes, reported it without amend-
ment.
"The Senate proceeded to consider the said bill as in
Committee of the Whole.
" No amendment being made, it was reported to the
Senate.
" Ordered, That it pass to a third reading.
" The said bill was read a third time.
" Resolved, That it pass."
No yeas and nays were called.
Mr. GREEN. That never became a law ac-
cording to my recollection. Did it?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Yes, sir.
Mr. GREEN. For Kansas ?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Yes, sir.
Mr. GREEN. I think you are mistaken.
Mr. MASON. I hope Senators will indulge
me.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Virginia is entitled to the floor. -
Mr. MASON. If the honorable Senator from
Tennessee can find any vindication of a vote for
this bill, in any policy that may have been adopted
to bring population into territories where there
was none, he is welcome to it. Let him settle
that with his constituents. I do not intend to hold
him to an account; 1 have no right to do so; but
I intended most respectfully and civilly to call his
attention to the political uses which are to be made
of the measure for which he is responsible on this
floor. I confess that when 1 first saw that this
measure had been taken up ay a party measure in
the other House by those who are in opposition
to the party now in possession of the Government,
upon the eve of a presidential election, the im-
pression I entertained, though I did not express
it, was that it was only a magnificent bid for the
Presidency, to conciliate or to buy up the popular
vote. It seems I was mistaken. It has a larger,
a wider, a grander end in view; one much more
worthy of the great political struggle that must
exist between parties in this country. Its end is
to attain political power-—I will not say fairly and
honestly—but to attain political power by parcel-
ing out the public property gratuitously amongst
those who would come and take it, and the end
of the political power was to operate against the
condition of slavery.
Mr. GREEN, will the Senator allow me to
interrupt him?
Mr. MASON. I would rather you would allow
me to finish. *
Mr. GREEN. Just one single word. I have
examined the law to which the Senator from Ten-
nessee referred, and I find it applies exclusively
to New Mexico,and not to Kansas. The object
of it was to infuse an American population into
the Territory of New Mexico; and they were
made donations, not homesteads.
Mr. MASON. I remember well enough about
that. I did not recollect the particular law to
which it applied. I thought the Senator from
Tennessee was mistaken in saying it was in a bill
*o provide a surveyor general for Kansas; but I
did remember very well that there was a policy
—which may have been a wise policy—to in-
fuse a white population by those donations of
the public lands to relieve the Government from
the still greater burden of defending them by
a soldiery. It is a vastly different thing be-
tween sending a population into a territory not
populated, for political ends to be attained there,
and a measure of this kind, by which the public
lands are to be gratuitously given in every State
and Territory where we have public lands, for
the purpose of infusing a population, to attain a
great political end of a political party. I say
again, if the honorable Senator from Tennessee
can vindicate his support of this measure by any
policy of that sort, let him do it. The things are
very different; widely different. We are to have,
as 1 have said,an emigrant aid society, not aided
by the private contributions of individual mem-
bers of a political party, but an emigrant aid so-
ciety aided by the legislation of the Federal Gov-
ernment to bring about political ends hostile to
the South, and intended to destroy the social con-
dition of the South. That is the purpose. It is
in that light 1 present it to the honorable Senator
and to 'the country.
I will not review now—I may do so at a future
day —tlie provisionsof the bill as a measure merely
of policy in the disposition of the public domain.
I charge upon it here, and upon the authority of
the remarks, and the whole fabric of the speech
of the honorable Senator from Wisconsin, that
the policy, as here disclosed to us—done frankly,
honorably, and fairly; on his part—is an engine
devised to attain political power, and use it for
purposes hostile to the slave States. It cannot
have my vote, or any countenance from me.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I wish to put a single
question to the honorable Senator from Virginia.
I may, in the course of this discussion, have ram-
bled, perhaps, from the consideration of the direct
question before the Senate—the homestead bill—
and got into the discussion of the question which
is very common on the floor of the Senate—the
negro question. I ask the honorable Senator from
Virginia to state whether-hc docs not concur with
me in my view of the propriety of inducing the
tropical States of this continent to open their do-
main and invite our free colored men there, and
give them homes and homesteads among them.
Mr. MASON. I tVill do so, Mr. President,
very cheerfully and very frankly. I do not concur
in it. I do not concur, because I cannot imagine
a greater curse that can be inflicted on the white
race anywhere, than to send them a parcel of ne-
groes in any other condition than that of slavery.
1 cannot imagine a greater curse that could be in-
flicted on the black race—the negroes—than to set
them free to work out in freedom their own sal-
vation. It would end—as the honorable Senator
must know, or will know if he looks at the con-
dition of negroes in freedom—in their relapsing
into utter and brutal barbarism. Why, sir, what
is the experience of our country? If honorable
Senators will open their eyes to the existing facts,
wherever the black race has been elevated on this
continent, it has been elevated in the condition of
slavery. Where they have been humanized, civ-
ilized, or christianized, it has been while they
were in the condition of slaves; and when they
have been emancipated, and gone to live by them-
selves, they have fallen from the degeneration of
their race, of necessity, from causes over which
we have no control, and can exercise none—fallen
into absolute, brutal barbarism.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will inquire of the hon-
orable Senator from Virginia if he does not know
the fact that our commerce with the island of
Hayti, which is now under the control of the
colored race, is more than it is with all Mexico,
although they are in the condition of freemen; and
that the commerce of Great Britain with her West
Indies, although they exist in freedom, amounts
to some forty million pounds annually?
Mr. MASON. When we come to look at the
facts, they depend entirely on the statistics. I
have looked at the statistics from time to time 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The honorable Senator
will allow me a single word. I, of course, do not
presume to speak on my own responsibility, but
on the responsibility of able men in the British
Parliament, speaking in the summer of 1859. Mr.
Buxton shows that, by the statistics furnished by
the Board of Trade—
" The imports and exports together of the West Indies
and Guiana had amounted, m the four years ending with
1853, to £33,500,000; and in the four years ending with
1857, to £37,000,000—an increase of £4,500,000 in four
years; and further, that the annual exports of sugar, coffee,
cotton, rum, and cocoa, had greatly increased of late
ycais/'
He says, further:
" Probably it would be said that all this was mainly due
to the immigrant*. In the last five years, twenty-five thou-
sand immigrants had come to ali our West Indies, includ-
ing a large number of women and children. It was alto-
gether absurd to imagine that this great prosperity was
mving to the labors? of those few thousand men ; and in fact,
the islands which had not received immigrants were quite*
as flourishing as those that had. Clearly, then, our West
Indies were possessions of immense and ineieasmg value."
Now, the honorable Senator will not under-
stand me as contending that I believe the negro
race within the tropics, and left perfectly free,
would rise to the same degree of civilization as
the Caucasian race of the temperate zone; nor do
I believe even the Caucasian race, if they lived in
the tropics, where men lived with so little labor,
would be in as high a degree of civilization as in
the more temperate latitudes; but 1 say they can
live there in a Very tolerable degree of civiliza-
tion . The statistics of Great Bri tain, and the state-
ments of members of the House of the Commons,
show the fact that, although the Governors of the
Westlndia Islands for some years after emancipa-
tion took place gave a most mournful account of
the condition of the colonies, it was to be attributed
to the absenteeism which wasted the islands before
slavery wasabolished, and the fact that the estates
were all under mortgage, and that they were
owned in England, and mainly carried on by per-
sons residing in the West Indies; and when the
first shock of emancipation came on, Jamaica
especially did go on under its operation; but
within the last three or four years the Governors
of those islands give altogether different and more
encouraging accounts. Those are islands where
this very condition of which the honorable Sen-
ator speaks, exists among the colored population.
Those are the statements of British statesmen.
Mr. MASON. That is a question of fact, which
the honorable Senator is not more able to de-
termine than I am. He takes these statistics from
those who have uttered them. We all know that
it is part of the history of man that we are very
prone to make facts conform to our theories; and
we all know that there is no part of the habitable
civilized world where this idea of abolitionism
has taken more hold than upon some of the British
statesmen—the sentimentalists of Great Britain;
and I have seen, from time to time, as that Sena-
tor has, in their views and in their speeches in
Parliament, directly opposite statements as to the
condition of things in the British West Indies.
I have understood, on the best information I can
get, that since the emancipation of the negro race
in the British West Indies, the value of property
there, dependent altogether upon labor to make
it productive, has diminished not less than sev-
enty-five per cent.; and the reason of it is, that
they have no labor. I know, because it has passed
within my personal knowledge, that Great Britain
was at one time ready and anxious to get an im-
portation of free negroes, if they would go volun-
tarily from this country to her possessions in the
West Indies, to see if she could use that labor,
when there was abundance of the same sort of
machines capable of labor that would not do it.
The honorable Senator from Wisconsin comes
from one of the new States, where, I presume,
there are very few negroes; but there are oAer
Senators, who come from old States, where there
are vast numbers of them, and I put it to them
whether, in any of the old States, or in any States
where there are a large number of free negroes, ,
they ever find them, left to themselves, be it in a
city or in a village or in the country, where they
are not in a state a very few degrees removed
from actual barbarism?
Mr. SIMMONS. I would state that in Rhode
Island, which abolished slavery soon after the
Revolution, the descendants of those slaves have
made as much progress in that State as any class
of population.
Mr. MASON. How many negroes have you
there ?
Mr. SIMMONS. I do not know—three or four
thousand. Many of them are wealthy, respecta-
ble, well-behaved people.
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator allow me a
moment?
Mr. MASON. Certainly.
Mr. WILSON. I disagree with the Senator
from Virginia altogether, in the statement he has
made to-day in regard to the condition of the free
eolored population of the older States of the Union.
In my State we have between eight and nine thou-
sand colored people, and I say here to-day that
they are intelligent; that they universally attend
our schools; they can read and write; they are
industrious, and I may say, that in intelligence
and personal charactcr they are little, if any, in-
ferior to the average population of my State, or,
in my judgment, of the country. I speak espe-
cially of the colored population of my own State,
and 1 think my remarks apply to the colored pop-
ulation of all New England, of New York, of
Pennsylvania; and I intend to take a future occa-
sion to go into an examination of facts to show
that the charges so often made on the floor of the
Senate, without authority, that the free colored
population of this country are tending to barbar-
ism, are in no sense of the word correct.
