194
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 5,
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Polygamy in the Territories—Mr. Nelson.
Ho. of Reps.
ted States; and finally, the martyr, as the Saints choose to
cail him. But the truth is, that his villainies brought down
upon him the vengeancc of the people oflllinois and Mis-
souri, and his career was brought to an end by his being
shot while he was confinedin jail at Carthage. Itwasun-
fortunate that such was his end, for his followers raised the
old cry of martyrdom and persecution; and, as has always
proved," the blood of the martyr was the seed ofthechurch.'
« Polygamy Introduced.—Before the dBath of Smith, he
had made polygamy a dogma of the creed, though the Rook
of Mormon had condemned it. That was rather hard to get
out of; but it is one of the tenets of the church that a new
revelation does away with old revelation: hence Joe Smith,
by virtue of his power as prophet, seer,and revelator, an-
nounced a new revelation ordaining pofygamy as one of its
doctrines. So repugnant was this to all human belief and
sense of virtue that he did not venture to make it public;
•he dreaded its effect upon his people as upon those beyond;
but he made it known to a few of the leaders, and he and
they proceeded to put it to practice. It was charged upon
them often, bat they denied it3 and they denied it long after
it had gradually spread amongthem,andcometo be a com-
mon practice; and it was only alter they had placed the
dcsei t and Itocky Mountains between them and civilization
that they confessed it. Then they not only confessed it,
but openly and boldly advocated it as the religion of Utah.
Polygamy, then, is now the rule, monogamy is the excep-
tion to the rule among them. This doctrine is preached
from the pulpit—it Is taught everywhere.
"Education and Habits.—'The little education the chil-
dren get, consists in preparing them for the reception of
polygamy. So at variance is that practice with all the in-
stincts of humanity, that it has to be pi eased upon the people
with great assiduity as a pait of their religious duty. To
prepare the women for the reception of the revolting prac-
tice, it is necessaiy to brutalize them by destroying their
modesty. The sentiment of iove is ridiculed, cavalier gal-
lantry and attentions are laughed at, the emblematic dcviccs
of Jover*, and the winning kindness that with us they doat
on, arc hooted at in (Jtah. The lesson they are taught, and
that is inculcated above all othcis, is 'increase and multi-
ply,5 in order that Zion may be filled. The young people
are familiarized to indecent exposures of all kinds; the
Mormons call their wives their cattle; they choose them
pretty much as they choosc their cattle ; and that great pink
of delicacy, Heber (J. Kimball, he next in prominence, as
also the next in sin, to Young, calls his women his cows.
" A man is not considered a good Mormon who does not
uphold polygamy by preccpt and example, and he is a sus-
pected Mounon who does not practice it. The higher the
man is in the church the moie wives he has. Brighani
Young and lleber Kimball are supposed to have each be-
tween fifty and a hundred. The teverend Mormon bish-
ops, apostles, and the presidents of stakes have as many as
they desire, and it is a common thing to see these hoary-
headed oldTuiks surrounded by a troop of robust young
wives. Tho common people take as many as they can.
support, and it i« not uncommon to sec a house with but
two rooms inhabited by a man, his halt dozen wives, and
a propoitionate number of ciuldien, like rabbits in a war-
ien,and resembling very much the lmppy family that we
read of—the prairie dog, the owl, and the rabbit. Incest is
common. Sometimes the same man has a daughter and
her mother for wives at once; some, have as wives their
own nieces; and Aaron Johnson,of Springville, one of the
most influential men in his parts, has, in his harem of
twelve women, no loss than five of his biothers9 daughters.
One Watts, a Scotchman, who is one of the church report-
ers, is married to his own half-sister. On her arriving in
thy countiy, he applied for permission to marry her/but
Hrigham at first relused, and settled the matter by diking
her into hi* own harem ; but in a few weeks he lelented,
th'> seal was broken, and he gave her to Watts.
Ck To suppose that polygamy conduces to happiness is to
suppose a total subveisiou of woman's nature. In the
matter of affection, woman is a complete monopolist; she
must have all the hcait or none, lint in Utah, she has to
be contented with a ••anall tiaction of that smallest of all
heaits, a Mormon heart—little attention, and no devotion.
The little home, which ought to be her throne and her em-
pire, is lost to her. They are jealousy watched, and dread-
lully abused if they aie seen to show, by even so much as
a glance, that they are unhappy. But the long andanxious
countenances of the 1 mothers of Isiael' proclaim too plaiuly
their enure misery. The ill-assorted children—the offspring
of one lather and many mothers—run about like so many
wild animals. The liist thing they do, alter learning vul-
garity, is to wear a leather belt with a butcher-knife stuck
m it; and the next, is to steal from the Gentiles; then to
ride animals; and as soon as they can, 'by hook or by
crook,' get a horse, a pair of jingling Mexican spurs, and
si levolver, they are then Mormon cavaliers, and are tit to
steal, rob, arid murder emigrants. The women and girls
are coarse, masculine, and uneducated, and are mostly
drafted from the lowest stages of xoeiety. It in but seldom
you meet handsome or attractive women among them.
'• The foreign element largely predominates in Utah. The
persons emigrating to the Terrltoiy aic geneially fiom the
mining, manufacturing, and rural districts of England. Tho
American portion of the Mormons arc generally shiewder
than the rest, and are chiefly from the New England States.
Most of these men aie no doubt fugitives from justice, and
most of them are bankrupt in botli lorlune and character."
Wc are told that the bill under consideration
ought not to pass for two additional reasons: first,
that it cannot be executed;and secondly, that if it
is attempted to execute it, this will lead to a war.
If we abolish polygamy, and repeal the charter,
it is not unreasonable to suppose that emigrants
will, in all probability, go there from all quarters,
and soon obtain civil mastery over the country
without a war. The occupation of the Territory
of Utah by the Mormons, with the legislation
which has been enacted there, effectually excludes
all portions of the citizens of the United States,
who do not sympathize with the institutions of
Utah, from emigrating, as they have the right to
do, to that Territory; and I have no doubt, if- half
the stories are true which have been stated, that
particular pains is taken by the gigantic corpo-
ration I spoke of yesterday evening, to prevent
any person going there and occupying the Terri-
tory who does not sympathize with Mormon in-
stitutions; and in that view, sir, the enactment of
such a statute as the one now under consideration
will have a powerful effect upon the minds of our
countrymen in inducing them to go to Utah, and
peaceably to take possession of the country, be-
cause they believe they have the right to do so;
and beyond question they have that right. In the
course of time they would enforce this law, and
honest juries would be had, and honest judges
would be found, who would not shrink from its
faithful administration.
But, Mr. Speaker, I deny, in the second place,
that the mere fact that a law would not or might
not be executed, furnishes any reason for not
passing it. But to guard against any possible
failure, my proposition, in answer to the objec-
tion which has been made, is, that a separate and
carefully-prepared bill be reported by the Com-
mittee on Territories—acommittec which now has
the subjectunderconsideration—to divide theTer-
ritory, or to provide for a different form of govern-
ment, so that the Mormon supremacy may be de-
stroyed . If that be done, in all probability the end
we desire can be attained.
In the last place, I insist, most earnestly, and
upon the most mature deliberation, that, if these
peaceablc means fail—if we are unable to enforce
the law by any and all of those milder expedients
which ought to bo resorted to before we resort to
war—then, as a dernier resort, it will be the high-
est duty of Congress to go to war with the people
of Utah, to enforce obedience to our laws and
maintain the supremacy of the United States Gov-
ernment. If ever a righteous war has been or can
be prosecuted, such a contest would be justifiable
upon the soundest principles recognized in Divine
and human laws. It would be a war against a
people who have murdered peaceful citizens in the
exercise of their constitutional rights in attempt-
ing to occupy that Territory; a war m which " the
voices of the blood of our slaughtered brethren
would cry unto us from the ground," and urge
us to avenge their wrongs; a war in which wc
should attempt to blot out from our country one
of the vilest spots upon'it; it would be a war in
which we would not only meet the approbation of
the honest and £ood in every part of our own
land, but be rewarded with the smiles and encour-
agement of the civilized world; it would be a war
which would meet the sanction of Heaven itself;
because it would be a war to bring into subjection
a population which has set at defiance the laws of
God and man, and which, with a high hand and
outstretched arm, commits every iniquity known
in the catalogue of crime.
If more peaceful expedients fail; if we cannot
cause an immigration of the character I have men-
tion to go to Utah; if we cannot, by dividing the
Territory, procure something like a civil govern-
ment there; if we cannot, by any of these means,
exterminate those vices which exist in that com-
munity, then, for one, I repeat that I would advo-
cate the propriety of bringing the whole military
and naval force of the United States, if necessary,
to bear upon tins rebellious people. If Washing-
ton and the good men of that day were justified
in putting down insurrection in the State of Penn-
sylvania, how much more, for such a crime as
this, would we be justified in executing our own
laws, and in securing equal rights to all our citi-
zens. Better, far better, would it he for the coun-
try, to expend the ffriblic money in the prosecution
of such a contest, than to waste it in prodigality
and extravagance, or employ it in the building up
or pulling down of the influence of parties. And
why should we not do so ? The existence of such
an institution as prevails in Utah, under the pro-
tection of the laws of the United States, is an out-
rage upon the moral feelings of our whole popu-
lation. It is, as I conceive, an insult to our own
wives and our own daughters, and the wives and
daughters of our constituents. It is a reflection
upon the pure and elevated morality of the United
States, that such an institution as this should go
unwhipped of justice, and flourish and prosper,
and laugh its defiance, under the groundless pre-
tense of constitutional license. While it con-
tinues, " the slow, unmoving finger of scorn" will
be pointed ?tt us by the civilized world, and we
will merit the reproach for winking at and sus-
taining excesses such as, if equaled, could not
have been excelled in Sodom and Gomorrah in
the days of old.
I, for one, advocate the enactment of this law in
the name of the respectable and virtuous women
of the United States. Their sex is degraded
and disgraced by the practiccs which prevail in
a worse than heathen Territory. Every high-
minded and honorable woman, who values the
purity of the female character, must feel that she
is insulted when Utah can be designated as a re-
gion of wholesale frailty, or quoted as an evidence
of female weakness; and that the infamous prac-
tices which prevail there, if not directly sanc-
tioned are, at least, scandalously tolerated by the
Government of the United States. In no part of
the world is woman, as a general rule, treated
with such universal deference and respect as are
extended to her in our own country. She richly
deserves it all. And when I say this, I say it in
no spirit of unmeaning compliment. Woman
nurses us in infancy; she is our companion in
maturer life; the gentle echo of her footsteps is ,
heard in the chamber of sickness; the soft press-
ure of her kind hand is felt upon the brow of
pain; she sheds tears over the dying couch of
man, and strews flowers upon his grave. She
has a noble and generous heart, and her influence
is generally exerted for good. And if there is
anything under heaven for which we should feel
grateful to our Creator, it is for giving us woman
as the highest, last, and greatest blessing to man.
It was designed that she should give her whole
heart in exchange for the undivided affection of
man, and become his partner in lawful marriage.
Enthroned in the domestic circle, she becomes
our refuge amidst the storms and conflicts of life,
and sheds a halo of happiness around the joys of
home. Among barbarians she is treated as an in-
ferior; but with her sympathizing and angelic na-
ture, her instinctive love of right, and her won-
drous capacity for influence upon the mind of man,
the precepts of Christianity have elevated her in
the scale of being, until in every civilized land
she has attained her true position; and in this free
and happy country of ours especially, she wields
an influence such as she never exerted before, but
not more than is amply her due. Let not that
influence be paralyzed by any stigma or reproach
which we have the power to remove; but rather
let it be honored, respected, and enlarged by every
means in our power.
But I cannot dwell upon these thoughts, or fur-
ther portray the value of the sacred institution of
marriage, which it behooves every good citizcn
m the land to uphold and sustain.
There are other considerations which should
not be overlooked in guiding our determinations
upon the grave questions before us. They are
often and most properly adverted to in the pulpit;
but even in this assembly it may not be improper
for mp to say—especially after the remarks made
by my distinguished colleague on the subject of
patriarchal relations, and his sympathy for the
Mormons—that whether he or others disagree
with, or approve the idea, no rational mind can
reject the belief that Almighty God governs and
controls the affairs of nations now, as He has gov-
erned and controlled them from the beginning.
Who that believes in tho truth of revelation, Mr.
Speaker, can for a moment doubt that there are
national sins, and that war, pestilence, and fam-
ine, arc scourges which an Almighty Power brings
into requisition in order to rebuke those sins, and
to show his abhorrence of them ? I regret that I
am so restricted as to time by the rules of the
House that I cannot develop at length some
of "those serious and momentous considerations
which rush upon the mind in view of national
accountability; but who can shut his eyes against
the great fact that there are national crimes and
delinquencies for which national punishment has
been inflicted in times past, and may be in time
to come? Look upon that people who are the
