I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
195
36th Cong....1st Sess.
Polygamy in Utah—Mr. Keitt.
Ho. of Reps.
most wondrous upon the face of the earth, the
Jews; who have " long, long ago" been deprived
of their nationality, and yet preserve their indi-
viduality in every kingdom and in every clime
throughout the world. Of them it was at an early
period predicted that, if they disobeyed His com-
mands, the Lord would " scatter them among all
people, from one end of the earth even to the
other." And again, it was said, "Thou shalt be-
come an astonishment, a proverb, and a by-word
among all the nations whither the Lord shall lead
thee." They arc this day living miracles, wit-
nessing to every nation upon earth, as they have
attested for centuries, the truth of the word of
Almighty God, and of his unwavering determ-
ination to punish national crimes with the most
awful severity. Mr. Speaker, when I look irito
that great Book of books, I see it written, as oth-
ers have often read it before me, that—
"Rabylon, tlie glory of kingdoms, the beauty of the
t'haldeo's excellency, shall be as when God oveithrew
Sodom and Gomorrah. It shall never be inhabited ; neither
shall it be dwelt in from generation to generation; neither
shall the Arabian pitch tent there; neither shall the shep-
heids make their fold theio. Dut wild beasts ot the deseit
shall lie thoie. and their houses shall be iull of dolt ful eiea-
turcs, and owls shall dwell there, and satyrs shall dance
thete."
No more does the charioteer, in the pomp of
display and the consciousness of power, career
with'his steeds upon the summit of the broad
walls of the doomed city; no more is the " sound
of revelry by night" heard among " the beauty
and the chivalry" of one of the proudest of em-
pires; no more are captives led in chains along the
crowded streets, or kings saluted by thronging
multitudes of subjects and suppliants; but Baby-
lon the great "is fallen, is fallen !" The very spot
where it stood has been involved in ages of doubt;
and it has only been in our own day, and in our
own generation, that a few relics of departed mag-
nificence, long buried beneath its mighty ruins,
have been rescued from the grasp of time and the
oblivion of Heaven's curse, to attest to us, in the
nineteenth century, that it is indeed "a fearful
thing to fall into the hands of the living God."
And Nineveh, that " multiplied her merchants
above the stars of heaven," has, long ago, heard
" the noise of a whip, and the noise of the rat-
tling of the wheels and of the prancing horses and
of the jumping chariots." Against her, " the
horseman has lifted up both the bright sword and
the glittering spear;" and it has long since come
to pass that "all they that looked upon her fled
from her and said, Nineveh is laid waste; who will
bemoan her, and whence shall comforters be
sought for her?" Her glory has departed. The
memory of her existence had almost faded from
the recollection of men; but from among the buried
heaps where reposed the memorials of her de-
. paited grandeur, we hear the forgotten language
of the past repeating, in mournful tones, the story
of her greatness and decay, and admonishing us
of the solemn truth that nations, like men, are in
the hands of Him who created them "as clay in
the hands of the potter."
Ay, go now, after the lapse of centuries, go as
a modern traveler, to that once great and power-
ful city, and the very tables of stone, which are
preserved amid the ruins after the lapse of centu-
ries, tell us that these curses, which were inflicted
upon that country for their national sins, have
been fulfilled, and that the word of Almighty God
is true.
Then, in that Book, we arc told in reference to
one other mighty city of the past, that—
<kThy terribleness hath deceived thee and the pride of
thine heart. O thou that dwellest in the clefts ot the lock;
that boldest the height of the lull; though thou shoulder
make thy nest as high as the eagle, I will bung thee down
from thence, saith the Lord. Also Edom shall be a deso-
lation ; e.veiy one th.it goeth by it shall be astonished and
shall hiss at all the plagues theieof." * * + k
"No man shall abide there, neither shall a son of man dwell
in it."
And Petra, that mighty^ that wondrous city,
which for centuries was lost to the knowledge of
mankind, within a few years past stands out in
its solitary grandeur—its silent desolation; with
its columns, its palaces, its mighty edifices, all
tenantless and dreary; telling us, amid its faded
splendors, of the truth of God's word, and of the
unerring certainty with which national sins arc
punished by Him. Let us, then, beware how we
shall provoke the displeasure of the Almighty, by
nourishing and cherishing a population whose
crimes are undoubtedly hateful in His sight.
I trust that it is not improper for me to allude to
these things, and I regret that I have not the op-
portunity to extend these remarks, after whathas
been said by my colleague and associate from my
own State, [Mr. Etii^iudge;] but I do know full
well that our fathers, in the days of the Revolu-
tion, were not afraid or ashamed to acknowledge
that the Almighty hand led them in that fearful
and unequal struggle, and enabled them to estab-
lish the best and greatest Government that has
ever existed since the world began. Let us en-
deavor to cherish and preserve it in the same
spirit in which they were led to establish it.
And now, when we have grown mighty and
powerful; now, when the sails of our commerce
are spread on every sea; now* when wealth and
magnificence and grandeur crown our country
and give us a rank among the first Powers of the
world, let us not, Mr. Speaker, provoke the pa-
tience of Heaven by continuing among us institu-
tions which we know are hateful to the Being who
created us, and which we are called upon by every
consideration of legal and moral duty to suppress
in the manner contemplated by this bill.
I therefore, sir, urge earnestly and sincerely on
this House the propriety of passing this bill; and
of passing it, as nearly as can be, by a vote which
will not only make an impression on the minds of
the people of Utah, but will show the whole coun-
try that, however improperly we may have acted
in times past, in allowing such an excrescence to
grow upon our body-politic; however negligent
wc may have been m the discharge of the high
duty that rests upon us as a nation, we will yet
endeavor, so far as in us lies, to show our abhor-
rence of institutions that are not authorized by the
Constitution of the country, and that are contrary
to the laws of the Bcliist who created us.
POLYGAMY IN UTAH.
V
SPEECH OF HON. L. M. KEITT,
OB1 SOUTlt CAROLINA,
In the House of Representatives,
•April 4, I860,
On the bill to punish and prevent the practice of polygamy
in the Territories of the United States, and other places,
and disapproving arid annulling certain acts of the Legis-
lative Assembly of the Territory of Utah.
Mr. KEITT said:
Mr. Speaker: I approach the discussion of the
bill before the House with great distrust, in view
of the consequences which, I fear, arc involved in
some of its provisions. It opens for examination
the whole structure of the Federal Governmentand
the power of Congress over the Territories. Al-
though the public mind has been exercised upon
these subjects for several years, it has not been
to explore them abstractly and absolutely, but to
contrive for particular exigencies. Issues are
now arising which require that speculations shall
be translated into acts, and we can no longer de-
bate constitutional questions as'mere theses. We
have aright to know, and it is time that we should
know, exactly what powers the Federal Govern-
ment possesses, and whence it derives those
powers.
It may be fortunate that this discussion arises
from the bill to prohibit and punish polygamy in
the Tenitories, for wc all unite in condemning it
as a high moral offense, and will therefore have no
inducement to stray into the paths of error. The
great principles involved, and the immense results
which are wrapped up in the decision, make it
fortunate that the exciting cause of our inquiry is
without the range of mere party politics. Has
Congress the power to declare polygamy in the
Territories to be a crime, and to punish it? The
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Pryor] and the
gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Lamar,] with
none too little confidence in their own heroic devo-
tion to exalted theories, and with none too much
charity for those whose footsteps halt in the legis-
lative enforcement of their moral sentimentalities,
have vehemently urged us, under general powers,
to fill our hands with penal statutes, and dash
swiftly to the Territories, that crime may be chased
from their soil, and a moral millennium bo inaugu-
rated. Profoundly respecting the zeal of these gen-
tlemen, and paying all proper homage to their
moral sensibilities, I must yet decline the mission
to which I am invited, unless X can find the grant
of power necessary to its performance. "With me
it is mainly a question of power. I know that the
instincts of the American people revolt against
polygamy; I know that we, in this House, abhor
and detest it; but our condemnation ofit should not
hurry us into usurpation^ power. If 1 can be sat-
isfied of the power of Congress in the premises, I
shall mrt hesitate to use it; for I believe that polyg-
amy is flagitious in its influence upon society, and
that it corrupts and debases wherever it exists. No
people who have practiced it have ever advanced
beyond a certain scale of civilization, and that a
low and sensual one. The household is the origin
of the State, and all the purer, higher civil virtues '
spring from the family. Impair the household
obligations, and you weaken the ties of the State;
stain the virtues of the family, and you attaint the
civilization of a people. The family ties bind the
civic virtues into one sheaf, and when you break
those ties you sully and scatter them. No people
have existed, inancicnt or modern times,whose an-
nals are crowded with glories and victories, whose
history blazes with the royalties of genius and
culture, and whose march topdwer is marked by
enduring trophies, who have not rested all their
greatness on the virtues of the family circle. I
abhor and detest polygamy, because it violates the
sanctities of the household, and abuses the holiest
relations of life. But my detestation is no crite- ^
rion of my power.
To deepen our reprobation of polygamy, and
thereby induce the House more surely to take
jurisdiction over it in the Territories, it is pro-
nounced, in this discussion, to be malum in se.
Sciolists and schoolmen, in former times, divided
crimes into mala in se and malaprohibita; butjurists
and publicists are now dismissing these distinc-
tions. Mala in se are for thcadjudgmentofGod,
except where they are made mala prohibita by the
law of the State. Divine law takes cognizance of
motives; human law does this only so far as they
influence and are developed in acts. Divine law
looks to morality; human law looks to .peace.
The State regards acts in the light of their influence
upon its peace and safety. Murder, which is
malum in se, meets the punishment of death; and
arson, and many other crimes, which are only
mala prohibita, receive the same punishment. A
gentleman by my side says this is not true, gen-
erally, in the fiec States. I know that there is a
deadly and blighting humanity abroad; I know that
a sickly sentimentality is now cursing society in
many, if not all of the free States; I know that the
destructive speculations of certain philosophers,
that human life is the gift of the Almighty, and
that no guilt or crime can forfeit it to society, are
rife in certain portions of the Republic; but I trust
that this brood of dismal philosophy and venom-
ous humanity will soon be stifled and extinguished.
It is of immaterial consideration, then, whether
polygamy be malum in sc, or malum prohibitum;
for the power of Congress is not increased by the
distinction.
With these preliminary remarks, I invite the If
House to proceed to the examination, first, of the
power of the Federal Government over the Ter-
ritories; and secondly, its power to define and pun-
ish crimes. First, what is the power of the Fed-
eral Government over the Territories ? If it were
res Integra, I should not hesitate to say that the
Federal Government had no power whatever over
the Territories, except to dispose of the soil as
property. The Federal Government is the crea-
ture of the sovereign States of the Union, and was
contrived and established for certain purposes, and
invested only with certain specified powers. If it
is true to its scope and objects, if it is faithful to
the intents of its founders, it holds and can hold
no power, unless it is given to it by the Constitu-
tion. Now, no political power over the Territo-
ries is granted in the Constitution. In point of
fact, the framers of the Constitution never antici-
pated, the acquisition of new territory, and, there-
fore, made no provision for its government; or, i£
they-did anticipate it, having provided for amend-
ing the Constitution, they left the exigency to be
met in that way. With th§ first acquisition of
territory, an appeal should have been made to the
