1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
That population is under the ban of this proud
and arrogant white race of ours everywhere—in
my section of the country, and iif others; and al-
though they are allowed their legal rights, still
there is a prejudice, a feeling against them that
weighs with crushing power upon that race; but,
in spite of all this, the free colored population of
this country, of the North and of the South, dur-
ing the last twenty years, have made marked prog-
ress in all the attributes that belong; to men. It
is so in the South; it is so in Virginia; it is so in
Georgia; it is so in every southern State of this
Union to-day. The free colored population have
made progress during the last quarter of a cen-
tury; and the reports of the religious denomin-
ations, the examinations of facts, all tend in one
direction. Take the city of Washington. We
have twelve or thirteen thousand free colored pop-
ulation here. Where is there a more peaceful or
law-abiding population than in this city? You
may go into an examination of the statistics, and
you will find that they are increasing in educa-
tion, in intelligence, and in property; and in some
parts of the country they are making marked
progress. It is hard enough for that racc in the
North and in the South to bear the burdens put
upon them, without this perpetual and continual
misrepresentation of their condition and their
fosition. So far as my own State is concerned,
say here most positively, that the statements
which are so constantly made are in no sense
whatever correct.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, I made the in-
quiry, and it was fair that it should be answered,
whether, in the experience of Senators who came
from those States where there remained a com-
paratively large colored population in freedom,
they had not retrograded, and whether, wherever
they were found in masses, wherever they were
congregated andleft to communities by themselves,
they did not show a strong proclivity to the bar-
barism from which they emerged when they were
brought to this continent. That has been my ex-
perience, so far as I have had a personal knowl-
edge, or so far as I have derived it from the obser-
vations of others. It may be that in the New
England States, for aught I know to the contrary,
and more especially in the State of Massachusetts,
it is impossible for a negro, any more than it is
for a white man, to be idle and to be dependent.
Everything works there. If a man or a woman
gets poor, they pick him or her up and put him
or her in the work-house and make them work;
and I dare say if the statistics of the State were
looked to, it would be found that a large portion
of the negro population of that State were now
subjected to coercive labor somewhere and in some
form.
I remember very well when I really had the
good fortune to be in the State which the honor-
orable Senator represents—Massachusetts—that,
riding through the beautiful country adjacent to
Boston, appropriated to villas, magnificent coun-
try seats of hospitable, kind, and generous gentle-
men, as far as my intercourse went with them,
evincing accumulated wealth displayed in beau-
tiful-taste, I was struck with the fact that, in three
otlt of four of their most beautiful and highly
adorned grounds opening upon the public high-
ways, there was not a gate; and all the pre-
serves of flowers and of shrubbery, and all that
which required attention, and to be saved from
depredation, were open to the highways, and
wherever there was a gate—and there were very
few—I never saw the gate shut. I was struck
with the fact, and remarked to a gentleman who
was near me, " How is this? no means whatever
taken to keep off the depredations that are commit-
ted by the cattle who are allowed to roam at large
upon the highways." " Why," said he, "that is
not allowedand, in all my ride, I never saw even
a goat or a pig upon the highway anywhere. That
is not allowed. " Well, but,"said I," in my coun-
try, and all through the South, the really poor
people pasture their milch cows on the highways,
if they have no fields to pasture them in—and very
good pasture they get—and their other stock run
upon the public roads, and are not molested. How
do your poor people take care of their stock ?" It
was answered at once, and very philosophically,
" We have no poor; there are none who would be
dependent upon this sort of precarious subsistence
for their stock.5' They did not mean to say that
they had no poor in fact, because that would have
contradicted the Scripture, which says the poor are
always with you.# They certainly did not mean
that they had no poor, in fact; but it was disclosed
when we went in their almshouse. There were
the poor, carefully provided for, scrubbed clean,
meat and drink given to them; butthey werecon-
fined, and made to work. They had no poor—at
least none that could be seen on the roads.
. Now, sir, I could very well understand, in the
organization of such a society as that, that a negro
who would lie in Virginia under the sun, enjoying
that which his race most enjoys, the basking rays
of the hottest sun, in perfect repose and quiet and
unmolested, would be picked up in Massachu-
setts and put into a work-house and scrubbed
clean and—what? Made to work. I have no doubt
about that, and therefore it maybe that, with the
negro population distributed through these States,
from their organization—and a fortunate one for
them it is, considering their general character—
you see none of those idle, thriftlessvvagabond
negroes that you find elsewhere, because they are
picked up anu put in the work-house and made to
work—cocrcive labor—shut out from the eye of
man. We see none of it when we go there, un-
less we have entrance into their houses of correc-
tion.
But, sir, look at Canada, the great place of
refuge now for the absconding slaves from the
southern States—those who are helped off by the
constituents of honorable gentlemen on the other
side of the Chamber; helped to get their freedom
—what is their condition at Chatham, and its
neighborhood ? I have never been there; but I see
through the public press that the white people are
rising there, because of the condition of the popu-
lation that has been thurst upon them. They
have got a population that they arc determined to
get riu of in some way. Why ? Because the pop-
ulation who come thereare those born to consume
the products of the labors of others, unless they
are made to labor themselves. I haveseen, in the
newspapers, that the price of lands has depreciated
all around that region of country. I have seen
that the people have held public meetings to me-
morialize their provincial Legislature to take some
measures to expel that race, as nuisances, in the
country where they are found.
I have never been in Hayti. The honorable
Senator from Wisconsin asks me whether there
is not now a larger commerce between the United
States and Hayti than between the United States
and Mexico. I do not know any tiling about the
fact; but I know that, from the unsettled condi-
tion of Mexico, its constant state of political dis-
turbance, the Mexicans have very little trade or
commerce anywhere, and I presume that they
have as little with any other country compara-
tively as they have with us. They have a larger
commerce with England, I know, than they ever
had with us, because England is more enterprising,
because she offers more facilities and inducements.
I know, however, if those are to be trusted who
have been to Hayti, and who have seen the con-
dition of the population there* that in the French
end, m the Solouquc end, at Hayti proper, they
are in u state of war constantly with their neigh-
bors in the other end, and we have very little in-
tercourse there; and in Dominica—if they are to
be trusted, who have been there, and I have con-
versed with persons who have been there, who
have resided there, and who know something of
the character of that population—it is a common
fact that the great mass of the negroes are obliged
to live in the country because there is no place for
them in the city, that those who live in the city
are mere jobbers about the streets, picking up a
precarious livelihood from that sort of occupation
which a negro is most prone to, a desultory job-
bing kiwd of life, to pick up enough to answer the
immediate necessities of the day, and then go to
sleep. Thrift, providence, accumulation, are un-
known to them.
I do not mean this of all individuals. There
are individual exceptions to that; but the great
mass of the negroes in the country are living in
the primeval forests, cultivating no more of the
earth than their wives and little children scratch
over, from time to time, to raise the commonest
vegetable food — the plantain, pumpkin, sweet
potato, and matters of that kind, that are most
easily raised. The men do nothing. Nine or ten
months in the year they are absolutely and will-
fully idle. They live in hovels. They have dirt
floors; they have no furniture of any kind or de-
scription, unless the gourdsih which they bpng
the water to drink. They haveno"beds, or tables,
or stools. They have no desire for, no idea of,
any of the slightest advances in civilization*- ,It
is not in their nature. They are found there as
they are found in the wilds of Africa; ^antTthe
men come out periodically fo;%^ few weeks in tjie
spring an.d fall and hire, themselves to cuf ma-
hogany for wages, and those wages-are expended
in rum. That is the condition,! am told, of the
great, mass of the population. Whether; it be true
or not, will depend on the facts which the obser-
vation of intelligent minds imparts.to us.
But, to conclude this very desultory conversa-
tion—for it is more of that character—I will say
to the honorable Senator from Wisconsin that X
should be opposed to his policy, from regard to
the white race and from regard to the black race,
of attempting to send them into Central America
or anywhere in that region of country. What is
to be done with blacks who are now emancipated,
I am not prepared to say. It is a great problem
that is to dc worked out. We had thought atone
time, when they were emancipated in the slave
States, that they would find a refuge in the free
States. The free States are expelling them- Why?
If they formed a desirable population they would
not do so. If they were not fruge.s consumere riati
they would not be forexpelling them; they would
tolerate them*. I agree that something is to be
done with them or for them. What it will be, I
am not now prepared to say; but from regard for
them, that regard which we oughttofeelforevery-
thing that pertains to animal life, to ascend no
higher, I would be the last to advise that they
should be sentinto the tropics to shift for them-
selves. Something better may be done for them
at home. As to the slave population, I agree with
the Senator from South Carolina: if a problem, it
has worked itself out; the thing is settled here, so
far as the South is concerned or the opinions and
purposes of the South, or their ability to make
their opinions and their purposes £ood. It will
become, as it has already begun to be, the estab-
lished policy of the South to have no more eman-
cipation. Let them continue in bondage as they
now exist, as the best condition for both races.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, obtained the
floor.
Several Senators. Let us adjourn.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. The sugges-
tion on the right and the left is for an adjourn-
ment. So far as I am concerned, I will be gov-
erned by the wishes of the Senate. I am prepared
to go on and answer the Senator from Virginia,
and preferdoing so, if the Senate will permit; but
as it is suggested that an adjournment would be
preferred, I have no disposition to resist the ad-
journment in order to make the remarks I intend
to make. I feel prepared now, without wanting
anight to sleep on it, to answer every position
the Senator has assumed here to-day in reference
to the homestead policy.
Mr. HALE. I do not doubt what the Senator
says. I know that it is a cause in which anybody
can answer; but I think Wc had better hear him
to-morrow; and I therefore move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Before that is
done, I wish to move a reconsideration of a bill
that has perhaps passed by mistake.
Mr. HALE. Certainly.
FORT ATKINSON RESERVATION.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The"Senator
from Iowa [Mr. Harlan] called up a bill from
the Committee on Public Lands yesterday, as I
see by the report to-day—1 was not in my seat at
the time—and procured its passage. It is a bill
relating to the lands of the Fort Atkinson reser-
vation. I received a notification from the Inte-
rior Department some considerable time since, and
if my memory serves me correctly, the commu-
nication was put with the papers m the case, re-
questing that the bill should not be acted on by
the Senate until wc could hear further from the
Indian office connected with that Department;
because they were investigating the facts in re-
gard to some Indian titles there,which would ren-
der it necessary that we should have the inform-
ation that might be developed in that investigation
before we acted on the bill at all. It was my in-
tention to resist it, if an effort was made to pass
