1638
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
the bill; and I supposed the Senator from Iowa
was advised of that fact.
I cannot now get at the papers, as they have
gone to the other House. My motion will not
affect the bill at all, if it ought to pass; and if so,
it can be passed afterwards very readily. I ask
that the Senate reconsider the vote by which the
bill waspassed, and thatamessage be transmitted
to the House requesting that the bill and papers
may be returned to this body. I do not know
that it is necessary, until we can have an investi-
fation, to take the vote on the reconsideration;
ut we at least want the papers and bill here in
this body.
Mr. HARLAN. I know not that I shall in-
terpose any objection to the motion made by the
Senator from Arkansas; but I think he is totally
mistaken in relation to the facts that he is allud-
ing to. A bill passed the Senate, at the last ses-
sion, including all that is contained in this bill,
and also providing for the sale of lands at two
other points. The subject was thoroughly in-
vestigated by my colleague at that time, who is
not now a member of the Senate, and I think the
bill passed the Senate without objection.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Very well; and
I will say that I know I have received the com-
munication from the Interior Department request-
ing a delay. It may be that it is not applicable,
and will have no effect; but I ask to enter the mo-
tion to reconsider. I will not ask a vote on it
now.
Mr. HARLAN. I will not interpose any ob-
jection. If there is anything that can be brought
to light, I am willing it should be done.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I also ask that
a message be transmitted to the House, asking the
return of the bill and the papers, in order that we
may examine it before discussing the motion to
reconsider.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) The papers not being in the pos-
session of the Senate, the motion to reconsider
would not, perhaps, be strictly in order. The
motion to send a message to the House request-
ing the return of the papers would first be neces-
sary.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I make that
motion, then.
Mr. GRIMES. I desire to ask the chairman
of the Committee on Public Lands is this an In-
dian claim to which he refers?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I am not able
to give the Senator the particulars. After the
Secretary of the Interior had reported to us from
the Land Office, and also from the "War Depart-
ment, that there was no difficulty in regard to our
action 021 the subjcct, I subsequently received a
letter, as chairman of the committee, informing
me of the fact—it was after the bill had been re-
ported to the Senate for passage—that information
was about being developed, on an examination
then in progress and being made in the Indian Of-
fice, that might affect materially our action con-
cerning the bill. Certainly, the Senator docs not
want a bill passed that is not right.
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Certainly, I
would not want to object to the passage of a bill
that is right. I think it is well that we should have
the papers here, and see that there are no other
rights alfected, and none other that may receive
injustice at our hands. That is all I want. I
never heard of such a thing being resisted before.
I hope it will not be resisted.
Mr. .GRIMES. I am not resisting it. I only
addressed an inquiry to the Senator from Arkan-
sas for the purpose of eliciting from him some in-
formation in regard to this subject.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I am not able
to furnish that.
Mr. GRIMES. I will now say to the Senator
from Arkansas that I am somewhat familiar with
this subject. I know the Indian title was ex-
tinguished some ten years to this tract of coun-
try. I know it has been in the occupancy of
white settlers, to whom the title will be granted
by this bill, for the last eight years. They arc
exceedingly anxious that the b'ill shall pass; and
I have 110 doubt the Senator, when he shall be sat-
isfied that there is nothing wrong about it, will
consentthafc the bill shall be taken up and passed
through without delay.
Air. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I concurred
in the proposition, and reported the bill to the
Senate. I will not make any pledges about it.
My action 1 think is good*enough thus far in
favor of the bill. I do not want to call it up in
order to defeat a bill I reported myself.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion is,
that a message be sent to the House of Repre-
sentatives requesting the return of the bill indi-
cated by the Senator from Arkansas, with the
papers connected with it, to the Senate.
The motion was-agreed to.
On motion ofMr. HALE, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE «OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, April 10, 1860.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
improvement in agriculture.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I
ask the unanimous consent of the House to sub-
mit a resolution, to which I think there will be no
objection.
Several Members. Let the resolution be read.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Whereas Russell Comstoek, of Dutchess county, New
York, proves by the recommendations and certificates of
many persons, including cJeven cx-Unitcd States Senators,
and the professors of ton colleges and universities, namely:
Michigan University, New Haven University, Albany (New
York) University, College of Physicians and Surgeons in
New York city, Union College, NewVork; New York State
Agricultural Collrge, People's College, New Yoik; New
York State Normal School, Washington (Pennsylvania)
College, Ohio Farmers' College, and Oluo Female College,
the almost incrcdiblc fact that he has perfected a system of
cultivating the vegetable kingdom so as to increase all agri-
cultural products more than fifteen per cent., without addi-
tional expense or labor over that recommended by agricul-
tural writers, which, when known and adopted by the
people of the United States, will amount to a large amount
annually. The pioofis such, of his correctness, that some
action of Congic*s seems to be demanded that this im-
proved, or what is termed perfect, system of agriculture
should be geneially known and published in the Patent
Office lepoit on agriculture: Therelore,
Resolved, That a select committee of nine be appointed
by the Speaker to inquire into the expediency of improving
agriculture by publishing Itussell Comstock's admitted dis-
coveries of laws in vegetation.
Mr. WHITELEY. I object to the introduc-
tion of that resolution. There probably was never
such a humbug heard of before.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I hope that the.
gentleman from Delaware will withdraw his ob-
jection, and let the resolution pass.
Mr. "WHITELEY. I must insist upon my
objection. We have, sir, nothing more to do with
the subjcct-mattcr of the preamble and resolution
introduced by the gentleman from Illinois than
we have with the solar system. This is the most
unmitigated humbug ever introduced to the de-
rision of Congress.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I indorse what has been
said by the gentleman from Delaware.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I think that the
gentleman from Delaware is entirely mistaken in
his assumption of the nature of improvement in
agriculture stated in the preamble and resolution.
"Mr. WHITELEY. I object to it.
The SPEAKER. The resolution cannot be
received.
samuel j. iiensley.
Mr. SCOTT. I ask tins unanimous consent of
the House for leave to make a report from the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
There was no objection.
Mr. SCOTT, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, then reported back Senate bill No. 249,
for the relief of Samuel J. Hensley, with the
recommendation that it do pass; which was re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House, and,
with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I object to that
report.
Mr. SCOTT. I hope that the gentleman from
Illinois will not visit upon rne retaliation for an
offense of the gentleman from Delaware.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I withdraw my
objection.
The SPEAKER. The report has been received,
and the bill has been referred to a Committee of
the Whole House.
mason hatty.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask the unanimous con- i
sent of the House to make a report from the
Committee of Claims. 1 move that the Committee
of Claims be discharged from the further consid-
eration of the memorial of Mason Ratty, of Jack-
son county, North Carolina, asking compensation
for a horse killed in the service of the United
States, in the Florida war; and that the same bo
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
It was so ordered.
steamboat bill.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Mr. Speaker, it is
known to the House that the steamboat bill is the
special order for this day. The gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Washburne,] chairman ofthe Com-
mittee on Commerce, who has charge of the bill,
is absent, because of illness; and I therefore move,
with the consent of the House, that the further
consideration of the bill be postponed until next
Tuesday.
The motion was agreed to.
prisoners sent home by consuls.
Mr. HICKMAN. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House that the Committee on the
Judiciary be discharged from the further consider-
ation of an application for appropriations for the
payment ofexpenses incurred in the transportation
of prisoners sent home by our consuls in foreign
territories. The Committee on the Judiciary arc
in favor of the allowance of the appropriation,
and in order that such an appropriation may be
made, I move that the papers in the case be re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
That committee ought to have them at the earliest
moment.
It was so ordered.
president's protest.
Mr. HOUSTON. I demand the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the reading of a minority report from the
Committee on the Judiciary upon the protest of
the President of the United States.
Mr. TAYLOR read his report from the Clerk's
desk.
Mr. HICKMAN. I move that the farther con-
sideration of these reports from the Committee 011
the Judiciary be postponed until next Tuesday,
the 17th instant. I also move the adoption of the
following resolution:
Resolved, That twenty thousand extra copies of the Pres-
ident's protest, and the majority and minority reports there-
on, be printed for the use of members.
Mr. BOCOCK. That resolution, under the
rules, must be referred to the Committee on Print-
ing.
The SPEAKER. It goes there, of course.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I move to amend
the motion to postpone, by substituting: the 7th of
May for the 17th instant.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. That is too far
off.
Mr. HICKMAN. I take it that my motion is
not open to amendment.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I have the right to
propose another day.
Mr. SMITH, of "Virginia. I suggest to gen-
tlemen that they had better not fix a day of the
week when the Democratic convention will be in
session at Charleston. Congress may wish to
adjourn over that week.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I want to say a
word assigning the reason why I propose a change
of the day to which the further consideration of
these reports shall be postponed. There arc a
great number of gentlemen upon this side of the
House who will be absent next week, and who
desire both to debate and vote upon the resolution
reported by the majority of the Committee on the
Judiciary. It is an important subjcct, more im-
portant than perhaps any other which will bo
presented to this Congress; and I trust that gen-
tlemen upon the other side of the House will not
compel us to take this question up in the absence
of many who desire to participate in the discus-
sion, and who want to be upon the record.
Mr. HICKMAN. Does the Chair decide that
my motion is amendable?
The SPEAKER. The Chair decidcs that it is
competent to move another day, and that the mo-
tion is amendable to that extent.
Mr. HOUSTON. If there is to be lengthy de-
bate upon the resolution of the Committee on the
