618
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
essential principle; but I would yield much of par-
tisan feeling and. prejudice, to effcct an organiza-
tion of this House. And the difficulty with me
having now been removed, I am willing to unite
with the conservative elements here for that pur-
pose.
I have voted for Mr. Jons G. Davis. I desire
to change that vote, and to vote for Mr. Smith,
of North Carolina. [Applause.]
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I desire to inquire
of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Pendleton]
when he had the conversation to which he refers,
with Mr. Smith 3 Was it to-day ?
Mr. PENDLETON. To-day; since he has
been put in nomination.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. On concluding my
remarks, I went in search of the gentleman from
' North Carolina myself, to have a conversation
with him, but was unable to find him. I desired
to interrogate him in reference to the very points
which I understand the gentleman from Onio to
have interrogated him upon; and not doubting that
the gentleman from Ohio has stated truthfully the
conversation that occurred between himself and
Mr. Smith, and there being so much concurring
testimony that he does not approve of the princi-
ples of Know Nothingism; and understanding,
from a gentleman near me, that Mr. Smith ran as
an anti-Administration man, and not as a Know
Nothing; and being, moreover, very desirous for
an organization of this House by the election of
u national, Union man, as I understand him to be,
1 will changc my vote, and now vote for him.
[Great applause on the floor and in the galleries.]
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. Clerk, so far as I am
concerned, I have always endeavored to promote
an organization of this House. And having con-
sulted with my colleagues from Ohio in regard to
this vote, I have determined not to stand in the
way of the election of a Speaker now, and partic-
ularly as I understand that the gentleman from
North Carolina is not a Know Nothing; that he
has never been inside of a Know Nothing lodge;
that he has never had anything to do with that
order; and that in his canvass he ran on his own
hook. Occupying that position, I do not see what
butler we can do than to organize this House by
placing him in the Speaker's chair. We have
been here for nearly two months trying to organ-
ize the House, in order that we may do the busi-
ness of the country; and when it becomes a ques-
tion between the interests of the country and my
own party feelings, I will look to the interests of
the country and do what is right under the cir-
cumstances. Understanding, then, that the gen-
tleman from North Carolina is not a member of
the Know Nothing order, I am willing to sacrifice
something for an organization of this House. My
colleague, from one of the Cincinnati districts, has
observed that he represents a constituency com-
posed of both native and foreign-born citizens,
but lie is willing to vote for the gentleman from
North Carolina, to cfleet an organization of the
House. I will not for a moment stand in the way
of that result, and I now willingly change, my
vote from Mr. John G. Davis to Mr. Smith, of
North Carolina. [Applause.]
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Mr. Clerk, I hold
it. to be the bounden dutyof every gentleman who
pronounces a vote upon this floor, to do it under-
standing^, and under a sense of the responsibility
which rests upon him. Thus far 1 have endeav-
ored to discharge that duty. I have acted under
the lights which have been presented to my vision;
and with an eye single to the. good of the country
and the integrity of the party to which I belong,
have 1 thus far cast my vote, and it has been re-
corded. Since I last engaged the attention of the
House, I have felt it to be my duty to extend my
inquiries m respect to the matter under its consid-
eration, and I learn that the gentleman whose
name is now presented for the Speakership of the
House of the Thirty-Sixth Congress, stands in a
different political attitude from that which I sup-
posed him to occupy when I fonneily addressed
my fellow-members. 1 learn that he is not, and
has tno t been a member of a Know Nothing lodge,
that offensive position winch would exclude him
from my consideration, from the friendship of
my constituents, and from the friendship and sup-
port of the Democratic party. I have sufficient
evidence of that fact, not only in the assurances
that have been given me by'friends around me,
but iu the action of my Democratic friends upon
whose advice and judgment 1 rely. I, sir, under-
stand him to be an old-line Whig, the represent-
ative of national principles, the supporter of the
galaxy of stars and stripes which emblazon and
illustrate the insignia of this proud Union. I
hold him, therefore, to be, while not entirely and
altogether such as I am, a Democrat, yet m its
nearest approach, an old-line Whig free from the
leprosy of Know Nothingism; a man, conserva- !
tive, national, and patriotic. Under these circum-
stances, here at this stage of our action, now at
this advanced period of our deliberations, the coun-
try pausing and gazing intently upon us, even the
pulsations of its Iicartwarrested, I deem it my duty
as the representative of a proud constituency, and
that a Democratic one, on this floor, to come for-
ward and change my vote from Mr. JohnS Mill-
son, of Virginia, and to render it for Mr. Smith,
of North Carolina. [Great applause.]
Mr. MARTIN, of Ohio. I desire to changc
my vote from John G. Davis to Smitii, of North
Carolina. [Applause.]
Mr. COOPER. I change my vote to Mr.
Smith, of North Carolina. [Renewed applause.]
Mr. BARR. Under existing circumstances, I
deem it my duty no longer to withhold my vote
fromthegentlemanfromNorth Carolina. I, there-
fore, change my vote from Mr. Millsgn to Mr.
Smith, of North Carolina.
Mr. SHERMAN. I simply desire to record
my vote for Mr. Corwin.
Mr. JUNKIN. Mr. Clerk, I voted for Mr.
Smith under the impression that he was an Amer-
ican, but now it is difficult to tell what he is; be-
sides, he refused to deny that he is in favor of a
slave code for the Territories. I therefore change
my vote from Mr. Smith to Sherman.
Mr. RUST. It appears that I stated the truth
three weeks ago, when I said that these gentle-
men would changc their votes. [Loud cries of
" Order!" from the Republican bcnchcs.]
Mr. SCRANTON. I wish to change my vote
from Mr. Smith and put in nomination Mr. Cor-
win, ofOhio. [Cries of "Too late'."and deris-
ive laughter from the Democratic benches.] I vote
for Mr. Corwin.
Mr. N1BLACIC. I would like to know how
Pennsylvania feels upon the iron question just
now. [Laughter.]
Mr. CAMPBELL. J answer the gentleman
by saying that she'never felt better in her life.
[Laughter,]
Mr. HINDMAN. We have now before us,
Mr. Clerk, an illustration 
Mr. BINGHAM. I object. *
Mr. HINDMAN. I only wish to say a few
words. [Cries of " Order!" from the Republican
benchcs, and great confusion in the Hall.] I sus-
pend my remarks for the present.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania, obtained the
floor.
Mr. GARNETT. I insist that no member shall
bo heard until order is restored in the Hall.
The CLERK. The Clerk will recognize no
member until members take, their scats and pre-
serve order.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. Understand-
ing, sir, that there is a disposition on the part of
the Republican party to change front, and to pre-
sent another candidate, one of two gentlemen
equally distinguished for their eminent services to
the country, for their nationality of opinion, and
for their soundness upon the great issues which
divide the country, in my opinion, I will, for the
present, withhold my vote from Mr. Smith, of
North Carolina, and cast it for Mr. Corwin. [A
storm of hisses came from the Democratic benches,
the floor, and galleries; and cries of "Order!''from
the Republican benches.]
Mr. McKNIGHT. 1 insist that those -who
make these disgraceful exhibitions shall be re-
moved from the galleries.
Several Members. Order ought first to be ob-
served upon this floor.
The CLERK. The Clerk begs leave to appeal
to the House to preserve its own order and de-
corum. He appeals to those who are permitted
to come upon the floor through the courtesy of the
House—those not members of the House—that
they shall not in future, as they have done in the
past, indulge m manifestations of dissent or ap-
plause. The Clerk has been pained to see gen-
tlemen who are allowed the privilege of the floor
by the courtesy of the House violate the order and
decorum of the House. The Clerk implores the
members of the House to preserve their own dig-
nity. And the Clerk now desires to give notice,
that if the galleries again disturb the proceedings
with manifestations of applause or dissent, he will
dircct the officers of the House to remove the dis-
orderly persons, whether they are in the ladies'
or the gentlemen's gallery. Of course the ladies
will create no disturbance. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOUSTON. I think that the determina-
tion of the Clerk in the main is correct. I hope
the galleries will preserve order. But, sir, the
Clerk ought to be a little indulgent in this partic-
ular instance, because of the extraordinary scene
exhibited here before the world. Really, if any-
thing could justify disorder, this scone would.
The CLElRK. The Clerk bogs leave to state
to the gentleman from Alabama, that, inasmuch
as it is an extraordinary scene, there is the greater
necessity for the preservation of order. [Cries of
"Good!" "That is right!"]
Here Messrs. WlNSLOW, HOUSTON,
KEITT, and half a dozen other members on the
Democratic side, asked the Clerk whether their
names were recorded; and, if so, how? They
were answered by the Clerk that they were re-
corded, and for IVfr. Smith, of North Carolina.
Mr. KEITT. Is it not in order forme to change
my vote? [Laughter.]
The CLERK. The result has not been an-
nounced, and the gentleman can change his vote.
Mr. KEITT. I wish to state my grounds, and
then I will determine whether I will changc my
vote or not. [Laughter.] For eight weeks we
have been in protracted session, attempting to elect
a Speaker, and organize this House.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I call the gentleman
to order.
The CLERK. The gentleman will please state
his point of order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. My point of order is
that discussion is out of order during the call of
thc«roll. 1 object to it.
Mr. KEITT. I will discuss that point of or-
der.
The CLERK. The gentleman from Illinois
will recollect that by the consent of the House
gentlemen who have proposed to change their
votes have been permitted to assign reasons for
the pro2")osed changc. The gentleman from South
Carolina obtained the floor and commenced his
remarks, stating the reasons for changing his
vote- 
Mr. THEAKER. Does the gentleman from
South Carolina propose to change his vote ?
Mr. KEITT. I will state what I propose to
do in the course of my remarks. [Laughter.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Does the Clerk over-
rule my point of order?
The CLERIC. The Clerk thinks that it comes
too late, inasmuch as no objection was made
when the gentleman from South Carolina began
his remarks.
Mr. HILL. Does the gentleman propose to
show that recent changes upon the other side of
the House have affected him in what he now pro-
poses to do ?
Mr. KEITT. I propose to answer that ques-
tion.
Mr. Clerk, when interrupted, I was saying that
we had been in session eight weeks, attempting
to organize the House by the election of aSpeaker;
that the Republican party hod presented a candi-
date; that the American party had presented a
candidate;' that the Democratic party had pre-
sented a candidate; and that the anti-Lecompton
men had presented a candidate. No single party
had a majority. Then there could only b  an
election by the plurality rule, and it would require
a union of all the opponents of the Republican
party to beat it.
Mi. MILES. Will the gentleman allow me to
interrupt him ?
Mr. KEITT. Certainly.
Mr. MILES. I think my colleague does not
state, with sufficient accuracy, some of the facts
which have transpired since the commencement
of this contest, if I understand my colleague
correctly, he says the Democratic party presented
a candidate, and that the southern Opposition pre-
sented a candidate. Now, sir, is it not notorious
that the Democratic party have presented a num-
ber of candidates > They have presented various
candidatos from time to time. And may it not be
