1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2583"
but their.duty to do so. The objection I take to
the course pursued by the gentleman from Balti-
more, is not that he undertook to vindicate him-
self—for that he had a perfect right to do if he
could—but that he volunteered to assail, in no
measured style, the action of the House of Dele-
gates; and in doing that, as I shall show before I
get through, lie traveled far beyond the limits of
his own district and assumed upon himself, to
speak for the people of the State of Maryland.
So far as that matter is concerned and my con-
stituents involved, and I may say the people of
the State generally, I but discharge £ solemn duty,
as one of the members of the national Legislature
from that State, in endeavoring to put the subject
in a proper position. Other Representatives may
take their own course. I would have preferred
that it should have been done by some member
from the State upon his own side of the House, for
he not only assailed the Democratic but the Amer-
ican members of the Legislature; and if he was
right in voting for Mr. Pennington for Speaker
of the House, then of course, not only the mem-
bers of the House of Delegates of the State of
Maryland, Democratic or American, but the other
members here in the House of Representatives,
especially those who were not connected with the
Democratic party, were wrong, and I think it
might have been quite as proper that some gen-
tleman upon that side of the House should under-
take the vindication of that portion at least of the
House of Delegates known as belonging to the
American party; but that is their business, not
mine.
After the adoption of the resolution by the House
of Delegates, and the ingenious defense of him-
self, and apology, as I conceive, for the Repub-
lican party, by the gentleman from Baltimore, the
Senate of Maryland thought proper to take up
that subject, and as that is a part of the resgestai,
I shall refer to it.
I ask to have read this account of the proceed-
ings of the Maryland Senate,
The Clerk read, as follows;
" Annapolis, February 28.
" Quito a little breeze was sprung in the Senate to-day, on
Dr. Lynch, of Baltimore county, oileiing the following pre
amble and resolution:
" Whereas Henry Winter Davis, at present acting as
a Representative oi this State in the Congress of the United
States, has, in Jus late speech, most violently assailed the
people of tins State, through us, their representatives,
because of our loyalty to the best interest of the South :
Therefore,
t( Resolved by the General .Assembly of Maryland, That
the sum of $5U0 be, and the same i&'hoieby, appropriated
out of the colonisation fund of this State, to the purpose of
defraying the expensesof said Davis fiom the city of Balti-
more to the shores of Liberia.
" After the reading by the clerk, Mr. Smith rose and said
it was out of order, and moved that it be not received. He
was ready and willing to take.the propei action in future;
but hoped now the Senator would withdraw his motion.
" Mr. McKaig said, if the person named was a free col-
ored man, and worthy of this contribution, ne was perfectly
willing to vote for it, hut really hp did not know of any
white man by the name of Henry Winter Davis who was
of any importance or woithy the notice of this body. He
did not think the Senate of Maryland had so little dignity
as to be trijmed or affected in any way by this man, and
therefore hoped he would hear no more of him.
" Mr. Lynch said, when the dignity of the body of which
he was a member was invaded by such a man as this pre-
tended Kepieseutative of the people, it becomes them to
make the remedy commensurate with the amountof injury.
They should let him know that he had acted at variance
With the wishes of every man in the State, and had paid
no attention to the opinion of this body, which'had a right
to express such opinion. He had treated them, instead, with
disn'^pect. fie moved that the resolution be printed, and
refeircd to the committee on colored population.
" Mr. Yeliott said theie were already resolutions before
the Legislature condemning the course of Mr. Davis, which
were dignified, and upon those resolutions he was ready to
csist his vote, as he thought them a sufficient rebuke. He
did not think u proper for the Senate to take any action on
the resolutions of the Senator fiom lialtimoie county.
When the other resolution*, which originated in the House,
came before this body, the Senator could express his sen-
timents.
"Mr. Lynch said the rccent spccch of Mr. Davis was
predicated upon those very resolutions.
" Mr. Yeliott said the speech applied exclusively to the
House of Delegates; and moved to lay the resolutions on
the table.
" The time for the order of the day having arrived, it was,
on motion of Mr. Yeliott. postponed half an hour. Mr.
Lynch "aid the Senate was n part of the Legislature of
Maiviand, and the speech included this body.
. " The Senator from Frederick here jumped up, and moved
to Mispend the rules and allow him to introduce an ord«r;
which order aforesaid he commenced to lead, when Mr.
McKaig objecting, the Senate refused consent. This did
not satisfy the Liuganorc farmer, who finally succeeded in
gaining his point, and having his ord';r read, as follows :
"Order, That it be entered on the journal that the Senator
from Frederick county will refuse, as a privilege, to vote
upon any resolution having the tendency to applaud or
censure any member of the House of Representatives from
Maryland, bec.tu&e such persons aie alone responsible for
their conduct to their own immediate constituents."
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. I have asked
to have that account of the proceedings of the
Maryland Senate read, because it is a part of the
proceedings which I am now discussing. I shah
express no judgment as to the absolute legislative
propriety of the course pursued by the Senate of
the State of Maryland, as a mere matter of taste,
nor will I dwell upon the tenor and temper of the
gentleman from Baltimore in his exposition on
this floor. It is not necessary that I should do
so. The House of Delegates had thought proper,
in the late struggle, when we were undertaking
to elect a Speaker, to express an opinion in regard
to the course of the member from Baltimore. The
committee is familiar with the line of remark
adopted by that gentleman. The Senate of Ma-
ryland did not act on the resolution adopted by
the House of Delegates, but they considered the
course taken by the member from Baltimore ex-
ceptionable, and they undertook to make that re-
joinder. Thus the matter stands between the
gentleman from Baltimore and the Senate.
Now, what has been the effect of the vote of the
member from Baltimore, and what has been its re-
sulton our legislative proceedings and on the coun-
try ? A Black Republican elected Speaker, and the
organization of the House given to that party, in-
cluding the Printer. Of the thirty-seven standing
committees, the chairmanship of but five taken
from the South, and they comparatively unim-
portant, except the Committee of Elections, and
that conferred upon the gentleman from North
Carolina, for whom my colleague mostly voted.
The other thirty-two chairmen of committees se-
lected from the northern States, and members of
the Republican party. Thus they have the con-
trol of the business of this House, and all the mo-
mentum given to that party that can be derived
from such a position; and my colleague knows all
this, and yet he hesitates not to install them in
power and place. Did he really believe that his
friends in Maryland had such admiration for him
that they would seriously justify him, or did he
mean to set them at defiance? Here is a gentle-
man from the South, undertaking to represent the
city of Baltimore in part, the emporium of the
State, by whose influence, vote, and exertions
the gentleman from New Jersey has been made
Speaker of this Ilonse, with all the appurtenances.
It cannot be forgotten by this House, or by the
country, or certainly by those who.were here,
that by thecourse taken by niy colleague, in 1855,
Mr. Banks was elected Speaker of this House.
Mr. Banks was the nominee of the Republican
party. My colleague did not vote for him, but he
failed to unite with the rest of the southern mem-
bers, by which course the election of Mr. Banks
might have been defeated. It was therefore through
his agency, in a great measure, that Mr. Banks
became Speaker of this House, in 3855.
How has it been at this session ? By the vote,
outright, of the member fiom Baltimore, Mr.
Pennington was made Speaker of this House.
Through the agency and influence of the Repre-
sentative from the city of Baltimore, Mr. Pen-
nington, the candidate of the Black Republican
party, is the presiding officer of this House. He
goes at least half way for Banks, and entirely over
tor Pennington. w hen the gentleman was called
upon to vindicate his conduct in regard to the
election of Mr. Pennington, I understand him to j
take the ground that- Mr. Penningron was a
Whig; and he went on and eulogized his antece-
dents. But that is not the question. Mr. Banks,
I believe, had been a Democrat originally; but he
attached himself to the Republican party, and
identified himself with it. Besides, it is well known
that Mr. Banks had said on one occasion, in the
State of Maine, that he was willing, under certain
circumstances, to "let the Union slide." And
yet my colleague allowed him to be elected Speak-
er of this House. With emphasis he announces
" that he admires the audacity of the Maryland
Democrat as much as he deplores the weakness
of the Maryland American." Strange language!
and expect to be sustained in Maryland by Dem-
ocrat or American—unless, indeed, they are weak.
When he is here acting de facio, at least, as the
Representative of the city of Baltimore, and of the
fourth district of Maryland, he has in charge the
interest of the whole people of that di$trict---5)em-
ocrats, Americans, and all. SirrI know that my
own constituents—and I believe I know the people
of Maryland even beyond the limits of my district
—do not believe the course the gentleman from
Baltimore has taken is a sound and proper one-
It is because the gentleman has gone beyond the
limits of his own district, into the district, amongst
others in the State, which I have the honor to Rep-
resent—the first district of the State of Maryland
—to my constituents, composed not only of Dem-
ocrats, but of Americans and members of the old
Whig party, loyal to the South and to our glo-
rious Constitution, when rightly expounded and
administered, that I have risen on this occasion
to correct for them, and in their name and behalf,
the statements the gentleman has made as to the
public sentiment of the State.
The gentleman from the city of Baltimore^
believe, visited my district while f was a candi-
date. I never have had the opportunity of meet-
ing him face to face before the people of my dis-
trict; but I told my constituents that he might
appear there and go through the whole district and
every part of it, and, in my opinion, it would add
to my strength and give me more votes. Why?
Because if he came down there and advocated the
same doctrines which he has promulgated here,
and urged, I suppose, in the city of Baltimore, I
was satisfied he could make no impression on the
people of my district. Sir, I tell the gentleman
now, and this House, that the people of my dis-
trict of all parties utterly condemn and repudiate
the course he has pursued upon this floor, in re-
gard to the election of Speakers Banks and Pen-
nington.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Will my friend*
from Maryland, while he is commenting upon this
subject, and endeavoring to ascertain the opinions
of the people of Maryland, inform the committee
why the Senate of Maryland, although challenged
to do so by my friend, refused to vote upon the
resolution passed by the House of Delegates be-
fore they adjourned ?
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. It would be
impossible for me to give a reason for everything
that did or did not take place in the Legislature
of Maryland. Perhaps I do not know precisely
what the gentleman refers to.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I refer to the failure
of the Senate of Maryland to vote "ay" or "no"
upon the resolution passed by the House of Del-
egates, and sent to the Senate for their concur-
rence.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. Without con-
jecturing what was the cause, I have given the
proceedings here in both Houses as they arc re-
ported to have occurred. I presume, inasmuch
as the session of the Legislature of Maryland was
to close by constitutional limitation on the 10th
of March, and as there was a great mass of im-
portant business still unacted upon, that might
have been the reason. The gentleman knows that
very importantquestions were before the Legisla-
ture. There was the police bill for the city of
Baltimore, which took up a great deal of time, and
in reference to which the gentleman from Balti-
more undertook to say, in hisspeech,disfranchised
the city of Baltimore. That bill passed the Sen-
ate and the House of Delegates, and, as author-
ized by the law, it was submitted to the courts.
It was carried before the lower court, and after-
wards brought before the court of appeals, and
has been pronounced to be constitutional, by our
highest judicial tribunal, unanimously.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. The gentleman
will jecollect that the police bill had been passed
at the time my speech here was made, and there-
fore that could not have stood in the way of the
proceedings of the Senate.
Now, a word in reference to the other proceed-
ing of the Senate, quoted by my friend from Mary-
land. It is proper that I should state here—as
he perhaps is not aware of the fact—that the res-
olution introduced into the Senate, to which he has
referred, was met therewith such indignation by
gentlemen of all'parties; was considered so dis-
graceful to the character of the Senate, that the
gentleman who introduced it did not dare to ask
a vote upon it, and did ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate even to have it stricken from
the Journal. That is what the gentleman calls
the proceedings of the Senate of Maryland.
