1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m*
said, with equal truth, that the southern Opposition
party have presented more than one candidate ?
rho reason, and the only reason, I have in making
this correction is, that this side of the House may
beputinafairandproperposition. I wish to vin-
dicate, as is so often said, the truth of history in
this matter, because this is a very important ses-
sion, and this contest has attracted the attention
of the entire country, and therefore I think there
should be no erroneous and inaccurate impres-
sions on the subject. It might be said further,
that, in addition to the candidates which the Dem-
ocratic party have put forward from time to time,
and the candidates the southern Opposition have
put forward from time to time, we have here to-
day, for the first time, a new party putting for-
ward anew candidate. The old-line Whigs, who
are neither Democrats nor Americans, have now
a candidate in the field; and now gentlemen upon
this side of the House, who have been unwilling
to vote for an American in any event, and who
have felt that they could not consistently and con-
scientiously do so, are quite untrammeled by the
presentation to them of an old-line Whig. Now,
these are important facts, and I think they ought
to be correctly and accurately understood.
The reason why I rose to make this explana-
tion was, that it might not appear that we upon
this side of the House, the Democratic party, and
those who have acted with that organization, had
put forward a candidate and obstinately and per-
sistently thrust forward one solitary individual
and insisted upon electing him. On the contrary,
we have acted magnanimously; for, putting for-
ward a candidate for whom we thought we might
fairly ask the suffrages of all gentlemen upon this
side of the House, and having failed to elect him,
we withdrew him. He himself indeed, with that
magnanimity and that generous sensibility which
characterize him, voluntarily came forward, and
in a speech I have seldom heard supassed for sim-
plicity, for taste, and for manly directness, with-
drew his name. Then we put forward another
gentleman; but failing to elect him he also with-
drew; and then we put forward a third. So I
desire itto be distinctly understood, that the Dem-
ocratic party and the southern Opposition party
have neither of them,endeavored to thrust forward
a single candidate only, and say nut C&sar aut
nullus; but, on the contrary, that we have been
ready to unite upon any sound, conservative man.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I stated some time
ago that I desired to put an end to the present dis-
organized condition of this House by the election,
as against the Republican candidate, of any con-
servative, national man, of any other party, and
if outside of my own party organization, then es-
pecially of the old-line Whig party, and that I
should be unwilling to take the responsibility of
continuing any longerthe disorganization and dis-
order which reign now, and for so many weeks
have reigned over us. The moment having now
arrived when, by my vote, that can be ended, and
this House organized upon a national basis, and
by the defeat of the Republican candidate, I desire
that my vote shall be recorded for Williari N. H.
Smith, of North Carolina. [Applause.]
Mr. COX. It is well known that I stated to
this House that I never could vote for any gen-
tleman of the Know Nothing organization. I
said I never would vote for either a Republican
or a Know Nothing. I never will. I have satis-
fied myself beyond any possibility of mistake,
that the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
Smith] is opposed to the proscriptive doctrines
of the Know Nothing organization. I saw my
colleague [Mr. Pendleton] in conversation with
that gentleman, and I inquired of him what that
conversation was. He satisfied me, as Mr. Smith
satisfied him, that Mr. Smith is not and never
has been a member of the Know Nothing order,
or in any way connected with it. . As I make this
remark, the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Mal-
lory ,] belonging to the American party, bows
assent to it.
On the other hand, I find that gentlemen on the
Republican side, who, in the first instance, voted
for Mr. Smith, now, on learning the fact that he
is not a Know Nothing, have made that a pre-
text for withdrawing their votes from him. They
have done this, for the openly avowed reason that
he is an old-line conservative Whig, without any'
Know Nothing taint.
Under these circumstanccs, I shall vote for Mr.
Smith; and for the additional reason that it will
bring about, as I believe, and as I am informed
by the condition of the ballot now, an organi-
zation of this House. In no other contingency
would I give my vote to a gentleman not belong-
ing to my own party. I believe, in doing this,
that I am doing justice to the national men who
sent me here, ana to the oath I expect to take to
support the Constitution. As a member of this
coordinate branch of the Government, upon which
the Constitution itself reposes for its execution,
and which is utterly disorganized, I believe that
I will do my highest duty, if, by my vote, I can
bring about its organization by the election of an
old-line Whig, who, here in my presence, as I
now look at him, disavows the Know Nothing
organization. With this view, I am acting, as I
understand, with nearly every Democratic gen-
tleman from the West. I agree with almost every
Democrat on the floor. I ask the privilege of
changing my vote from Mr. Bocock, for whom I
have voted persistently all along, to William N.
H. Smith, of North Carolina. [Applause from
the Democratic side and from the galleries.]
The position of the northwestern Democrats is
well known. Wo went into a caucus of the Dem-
ocratic party resolved to stand by its organization
and its nominee to the end. We voted all the time
for Mr. Bocock, until his name was withdrawn
in a specch which he made here. We supported
Mr. John G. Davis, of the Northwest, who was,
perhaps, in closer relationship to us than even the
gentleman from Virginia. We have voted also
for the distinguished gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Millson.] We have been all over the
House to get a true conservative man; notwith-
standing ho may have differed from us in some
particulars of his polities. After seven weeks of
exhausting labor, of constant vigilance, of press-
ing emergency in the country, we have come to-
ll gcthcr now, at this juncture, and reached that
.1 point when the election of a Speaker is possible.
! i And I could not answer to my constituents, I
j; could not answer to that sense of duty from which
I ahvaya act, unless I came up here now and con-
tributed my part to an organization based upon
national conservative principles.
I am aware, sir, that it has been said here by
gentlemen that southern men have not the same
opinions on the subject of slavery that northern
and northwestern Democrats have. I learn, how-
ever, that the gentleman who ran against, and was
heaten by, Mr. Smith, of North Carolina, uttered
sentiments in favor of a slave code, which have
no more affiliation with my views upon that sub-
ject than the views of some of the gentlemen for
whom Democrats have voted. I have been reluct-
ant to go South to vote for any man who belonged
to the Know Nothing organization. That was
well known. It was known that no such man
could be elected. Hcnce, Mr. Smith is presented,
because he is not such a man. I will vote for him,
because he is imbued with national and Union
sentiments; so that, when he takes that chair, he
will do his whole duty to the country. I come
from a State which, although Republican, as rep-
resented on this floor, has in its heart—at its cap-
ital district, which I represent—n true Union feel-
ing that the men of that State will not willingly
let die. I pay homage to that feeling in my present
vote.
Mr. HILL. I wish to ask the gentleman
whether in his present action, he is influenced by
recent occurrences here—the withdrawal of cer-
tain votes from Mr. Smith on the other side of
the House, I believe because he is not an Amer-
ican? I have-not known myself that the Ameri-
can-party or the Whig party was particularly in
the keeping- of that side of the House at this time.
I merely direct the gentleman's attention to the
matter to know if that circumstance has in any
degree influenced his vote.
Mr. COX. From what transpired on the Re-
publican side of the House, I saw gentleman who
voted for Mr. Smith, of North Carolina, with-
draw their votes, putting it upon the direct and
express ground that he was not a Know Nothing.
That they withdrew their votes, whether in good
faith or not, I regarded as confirmatory of the
truth stated by the gentleman from North Caro-
lina himself, that he had no connection whatever
with that order. Gentlemen on the other side
have declared that Mr. Smith was not acceptable
to them because he was not an American. 1 say
thafclie is acceptable to the national men upon this
side of the House becausc he is a menber of the
old Whig party. That party, as I learn from
their platform, ever stood side by side with the
Democratic party upon the great questions con- •
nected with the slavery agitation. They stood -
upon the compromises of 1850; compromised sus-
tained by the Democratic party; compromises,
sir, which if carried out in the spirit in which-
they were enactcd would bring about that concord
and comity between the States which is so much
desired in the present distraction of our public -
counsels.
Mr, GARNETT. I would ask the gentleman
from Ohio what he supposes that gentlemen upon
the other side think now of the Helper book;
what of the policy of the Democratic party ih
bringing it before this House; and what of the
present condition of the House generally ? [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. COX. 1 have not, in the remarks I have
made hitherto, indulged in any crimination or re-
crimination as to that Helper book. I regarded
that matter in this light solely: My colleague, the *
Republican candidate for Speaker, recommended
the circulation of the compendium, not so iftuch,
perhaps, that he believed in all of the infamous
doctrines contained in it, as from a sort of polit-
ical and partisan recklessness, of which, by this
particular time, I suppose he has repented. I have
never uttered a word of disrespect toward my dis-
tinguished colleague. It is not necessary that I
now should speak to that point, in explanation of
my vote. Gentlemen know the positions I have
taken, and that I can, with consistency, sustain
an old-lino Whig, who is not tainted with Know
Notlungism, and above all to defeat a Republican.
I can give him that support which I have received
from men of the same politics. I am done. I
vote for Mr. Smith, of North Carolina.
Mr. NIXON. I desire to change my vote from
Mr. Smith, of North Carolina, to Mr. Penning-
ton, of New Jersey.
Mr. KEITT. I now claim the floor.
Mr. K1LGORE. And I object to the gentle-
man yielding it further.
Mr. KEITT. Then I will fo on.
Mr. Clerk, I accept thj  explanation of my col-
league, [Mr. Miles.] I was proceeding to say,
sir, that the present posture of affairs before the
House is most striking. The gentleman fr<sm
North Carolina [Mr. Smith] had a majority of
the votes of the House, and if some of those who
had p-iven their votes to him had not changed,
he would now be declared Speaker. Let us see
how matters stood a moriient ago, and how they
(stand now. A moment ago, Mr. Smith had a
majority of the votes of the House; now he is in
a minority. Who withdrew their votes, and,
why ? Let us inspect it.
Mr. DUNN. Mr. Clerk 
Mr. KEITT. If you want to ask a question I
will yield to you.
Mr. DUNN. J want to make a point of order.
Mr. KEITT. I am discussing a point of order
now.
Mr. DUNN. I want to discuss my point of
order.
Mr. IvEITT. That you cannot do till I get
through.
Mr. HOUSTON. Divide the time with him.
Mr. KEITT, [to Mr. Dunn.] Well, you ean
take an hour, and then I will take an hour.
[Laughter.]
Mr. DUNN. My point of order is this: that
these gentlemen arc purposely delaying the dec-
laration of this vote that they may have time to
manipulate the tender-footed Democrats on the
other side. [Laughter.]
Mr. KEITT. Now that is just the point that
I am coming to, for k may cut both ways.
At the beginning of the session, it was clear
that no party had a majority. It was necessary,
therefore, in order to organize the House, that
there should be a combination between some of
the parties. The Republican party soon drew to
itself a few of those who classified themselves
I as anti-Lecompton Democrats, but they still re-
j mained in a minority ; and, it was cftfar, had
| exhausted all their resources. If those who were
j opposed to the Republican party could be united,
| it was apparent to every one, they could organize
1 the House at any moment. This is a fair stute-
! ment. Now, let us see the progress of events.
