I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
36tii Cong.... 1st Sbss.
Polygamy in Utah—Mr. Keitt.
Ho. qf Rebs,
beginning, and precedent, now. It has hitherto
been exercised through concession and compro-
mise; but they are now exhausted, and we are
forced to face the question and settle it finally.
Our whole territorial policy has been a miserable
hand-to-mouth policy from the beginning;; it now
involves immense and tremendous questions, and
it can no longer be managed as a political pauper.
In its infancy, it was inconsiderable and the Re-
public was united, and thus it could be sustained
upon compromises and concessions. Now it is
full grown, of gigantic stature, and the laws of its
being demand that it be sustained upon principle
alone. The Constitution must be amended, or
the management of colonial dependencies by the
Federal Government will consolidate it.
The acquisition of territory from Mexico
brought us face to face with this question, and
will yet lead to an amendment of the Constitu-
tion, or the overthrow of the Federal Government.
For the first time, territory was then acquired and
opened to our colonization; while a local law was
affirmed to exist, which prohibited the citizens of
one half of the States of the Union from immi-
grating into it with their slave property. The
South demanded equality with the North in the
Territories, and thus exposed the whole Federal
Government to a searching scrutiny. That scru-
tiny we are still conducting. The dangers in 1850
were avoided, as I think, unfortunately by a com-
promise; but it closed the history of compromises
m this Republic upon the territorial slavery pol-
icy. It brought the sections face to face; and the
struggle can only be obviated by a new treaty.
The present one docs not embrace the cause of
quarrel; and, of course, cannot settle it. A new
one must be made, or the struggle fought out.
Which shall it be? Thus it was that the "Mex-
ican war dropped a dark curtain between us and
the future." The North is anti-slavery, the South
is pro-slavery; and the Federal Government is
their common agent. The Constitution, through
which that Federal Government exists, clothes it
with no political power over the Territories; but
that power it seizes through constiuction, and
wields it through a majority; which majority is
at the North. It wrings power by construction,
and then uses it through a majority; and that ma-
jority a sectional one, into whose hands will fall
all the organs of the Government. And we are
appealed to at home to resort to dialectics, to limit
construction by the refinements of analogical rea-
soning. You might as well attempt to stay the
flames with flax, or dull the keen sword with a
gossamer's filament.
I do not intend, Mr Speaker, to discuss the sla-
very question, or to attempt to show that, even if
Congress have power over polygamy in the Ter-
ritories, that power cannot bo stretched so as to*
embrace slavery. My friend from Mississippi
[Mr. Lamar] has marched along this line of ar-
gument with the tread of a conqueror, and I could
only touch to weaken-the trophies which he raised
as he passed along. I will only say, that shivery
is older than the Constitution, and stronger than
the Constitution, and will survive when the Con-
stitution and Union have both perished. The South
will lift up and support it by her own strongarm,
and will, at the same time,drive back abolitionism
from her borders, and'crush traitors in her midst.
In the second place, I propose to discuss the
power of Congress to declare polygamy a crime.
Whence does it get the power? The Constitution
says that "Congress shall have power to punish
treason, counterfeiting the securities and current
com of the United States, piracies and felonies com-
mitted on the high seas, and offenses against the
laws of nations;" and no other crimes whatever.
The very character of the Government, as one of
limited powers, forbids it from exercising a power
not granted. In the matter of crimes, there can
be no appeal to construction, because the crimes
arc specifically enumerated over which the Fed-
eral Government shall have jurisdiction. Every
one is enumerated which could touch the Federal
character of the Government,as it was understood
and established by its founders. It has the right
and power to punish treason, because this power
is necessary to it as the agent of all the States.
It can punish piracies and felonies on the high seas,
because on the high seas we appear in our Federal
charaster. It punishes also the counterfeiting
the securities and current coin of the United States,
because they pertain to our foreign relations, and
to the relations between the States as foreign com-
munities. In short, it was given all the penal
power necessary to carry out the purposes for
which it was established. Nopolitical territorial
power was given to it. No municipal functions
were assigned to it, and therefore its power to
declare crimes was limited, and the very crimes
specified. Had no territory ever keen acquired
by the United States, the penal power of Congress
embraced in the clauses of the Constitution Ihavc
referred to, would be admitted by all to be ample.
The acquisition of territory was not contemplated,
and no provision was made for its government.
The United States is a political term used to de-
scribe the Federal Government, and carries no
power with it perse. The Federal Government
was intended to be a mere agent of the States, and
was endowed with powers, only for certain spe-
cified purposes. We have made no advance m
'political science; have established nothing new in
the polity of the world, if Congress is supreme
and the Government consolidated. The power to
create and punish ciime is a vital power in any
political community, and when it is unlimited, it
is despotic. If Congress have the unlimited power
to create and punish crimes, what check is there,
or can there Idc, upon its action? To allow this
power is to consolidate the Government.
Take, if you please, the widest extension of
power compatible with any theory but that of
sovereignty over the Territories, and polygamyis
beyond the reach of Federal jurisdiction. As-
sume, that in virtue of acquisition, you have the
right to govern the Territories, still, you arc re-
stricted by the Federal Constitution, and that
declares that you can only punish treason, coun-
terfeiting the securities and current coin of the
United States, and all felonies and piracies oifohc
high seas, and offenses againstthc luwsof nations.
At most, the Territories can only be like the high
seas ; and your jurisdiction over the former can-
not be more complete than over the latter; and
on the latter you can only punish "felonies and
piracies." Polygamyis no felony at common
law, and therefore does not fall within the classof
cases described and provided for in the Constitu-
tion. 1 am asked, whether my argument docs not
conclude Congress from punishing negro stealing
in the Territories. 1 answer, certainly not; for
theft is a felony, and its punishment is provided
for in the Constitution. If Congress can get into
the Territories at all, it is bound to protect prop-
erty and punish theft. But theft and polygamy
belong to different classes of crime—the fir^t is a
felony at common law, the latter is not; sfnd the
jurisdiction of Congress cannot go bcuond felo-
nies. y
If Congress have the power to create crimes
outside of the Constitution, where will you stop?
They may not declare slaveholding a crime; but
may they not declare any particular management
of slave property, or any particular exercise of
power over slaves a crime? May they not so
hedge in ownership in slaves, so embarrass it with
multitudinous regulations,as to impair the relation
between master and slave5 Will you allow Con-
gress to exercise a power by construction, and
then, by the subtleties of implication, expect to
limit construction against the rush and fury of
fanaticism, inflamed by lust of spoils and lust of
power? No; the admission of power m Congress
to penetrate to the seminal principles of society,
and to shape and mold the nascent and plastic
elements out of which government grows, is a
most dangerous admission. Such a manifestation
of sovereignty Congress is utterly destitute of.
Suppose one of the States of the Union allowed
polygamy: could Congress then proscribe itin the
Territories? Certainly not, unless Congress have
the power to set aside the laws of a State, and the
contracts made in pursuance thereof, and also
possesses sovereignty over the Territories. If
there is power in Congress to inspect the morals
of a nascent political conmmunity ,and of its own
autocratic will to decree this and prohibit that,
where will you find a check upon its power?
You may ask me, if I d^ny the power to Congress,
do I concede it to the organized authorities of the
Territory ? I answer no; for these authorities are
not autonomous, self-created, and creative, or en-
dowed with any spontaneous or inherent domin-
ion . They are the creatures of Congress, and can
exercise no power, even under delegation, beyond
what Congress can constitutionally exercise. I
conclude, then, that the right to govern the Ter*
ritories is in the people of the several sovereign
States. They did not delegate the power, and, of
course, it is one of their reserved rights.
You cannot argue against this conclusion, be--
cause of the inconvenience to which it leads. That
inconvenience could and should have been avoided
by amending the Federal Constitution; and the
failure to amend it furnishes no good reason why
the powers of Congress should be indefinitely
stretched, and the Government consolidated. The
framers of the Constitution did not imagine that
they had madcaperfcct instrument, for tney pro-
vided for its amendment. A constitution is the
expression ofthe sum of a people's existence; and
no calculus is sufficient to measure the infinite exi-
gencies of a people's life through all their future.
A written constitution cannot provide for all the
emergencies which may arise; and when the gov-
ernment created by it is a limited one, unexpected
emergencies must be met by new grants of power
or by usurpation. The acquisition of territory
was not contemplated by the framers of the Con-
stitution, and no provision was made foritsgovero-
ment; and the emergency has been met by usurp-
ation. In the beginning the usurpation was sub-
mitted to, because the public mind was withdrawn
from it, and no great interest was shocked by its
operation. Precedent, afterward, glozed it over,
and but for the acquisition of territory from Mex-
ico, and the insistance by the North, first upon
the Wilmot proviso, and then upon the validity
of the Mexican law in the Territories prohibiting
slavery, and the embattling of the North and the
South against each other, through these instru-
mentalities, the usurpation might have continued
to be unquestioned, and the plummet of investi-
gation have never descended to the question of
power. But fanaticism has brought the two sec-
tions face to facc, and neither compromise nor
finesse can avoid the struggle.
The history of the Federal Government has
been an eventful and marvelous one. It was es-
tablished exclusively to take custody of our rela-
tions with foreign Powers, and of the relations
of the several sovereign States with each other.
It was endowed with sufficient power for these
purposes; but it was otherwise powerless, and
was intended to be so. It acted upon States,and
not upon individuals, except in so far asitsguai-d-
iaushiu of the foreign relations of the States
madc/t indispensably necessary. And now, what
is it.* A colossus bestridingthe whole continent.
It has gone on from usurpation to usurpation,
until, from being the creature of the States, it
threatens to become the master of the citizens. Ifl
its career of audacious usurpation, it still rushes
forward until it claims the right to wield despotic
power over the Territories; to inspect their morals
and manners, and to shape and mold their social
institutions, and thereby impress upon them their
character through all the future. From being the
mere symbol of thirteen feeble States, in their in-
tercourse with foreign Powers, it has become the
ruler and legislator of Territories more vast than
the States which created it. Instead of vibrating
at the touch of the States, it now claims inherent
dominion; stretches its power over immense co-
lonial dependencies; sends out proconsuls; holds
up its eagle to alarm and terrify; lays its hand at
once on the watchman's rattle and the ermine of
the judge; intrudes itself into the domestic life of
the people; and brings armies and navies,courts
and treasuries, to consummate its usurped and
dictatorial policy. And shall we, under the im-
pulse of an honest reprobation of an offensive
and hated practice in Utah, sanction this hideous
usurpation of power? I never will. If you allow
Congress to dcclare polygamy in the Territories
to be a crime, and to punish it, where will you
stop? The power is not in the Constitution; and
when you give it by construction, where will you
plant the limit to it? This power was denied to
Congress by the fathers of the Republic. The
celebrated Kentucky resolutions of 1798-99 deny
it; and those resolutions were drafted by Mr. Jef-
ferson. The second resolution is:
" JBe it resolved) That the Constitution of the United
