THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2,
Mr.STEWART, ofMaryland. Iam not aware
of the proceedings, as stated by my colleague.
On the contrary, the account which I have re-
ceived satisfies me that such was not the recap-
tion which the resolution met from the Senate.
I am satisfied that if the resolution passed by the
fjouse of Delegates had been acted on in the Sen-
ate, it would have passed, perhaps, with as much
unanimity as it had been by the Hous.e of Dele-
gates.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. It may be true,
as the gentleman states, that that resolution would
have passed the Senate, and have passed by a
unanimous vote; butthe Senate,as the facts show,
was very careful not to say "ay" or '* no" upon it.
Mr. "STEWART, of Maryland. So far as that
is concerned, it seems to me that there has be^n
tnough, in reference to this whole transaction,
both'in the House of Delegates and in the Senate,
to satisfy the gentjeman that the Senate, if they
had acted upon the resolution, would have in-
dorsed it.
Mr. DAVIS, ofMaryland. I have never troub-
led myself as to what would have been done in
the Senate or in the House of Delegates. So far
as the resolution introduced into the Senate was
concerned, although I have not said this much in
reference to it before, I consider it simply as a
piece of impertinence.
Mr. STEWART, ofMaryland. 1 have had
read the proceedings as they are reported to have
occurred in the Senate. I have said nothing
about their propriety. That is a matter which
i leave to be settled between the gentleman from
the city of Baltimore and Dr. Lynch—not Judge
Lynch, but Di\ Lynch—who introduced the res-
olution, and who seems to have had as much con-
tempt for the course of the gentleman from Balti-
more, as he has indicated towards the Doctor's
resolution. I have stated the proceedings in both
Houses of the Legislature as they appear to have
occurred, and the Tact seems undeniable that there
is sufficient proof m those proceedings as to what
was the prevailing sentiment in both Houses in
reference to the vote of the gentleman from the
city of Baltimore for Speaker of this House. I
have done this because the gentleman stated upon
this floor that his conduct metthe approval of the
people of the State of Maryland. 'I hat was the
statement of my colleague, as I "understood him.
Did I understand him correctly?
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. There is no pos-
sible mode of ascertaining that fact, in reference
to the opinions of the people 'of the State of Mary-
land, until after the fall elections shall have been
held; and ( do not know that even that will de-
termine it, for 1 do not suppose that my conduct
will be there a matter in issue. My own opinion
is that, whenever that question shall be made be-
fore the people, I have enough to sustain me, both
in and out of my district.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. The gentle-
man, m his speech, says:
" I say that now, this day, I am stronger in my distnet
and in the State of Maryland, in any appeal I may see lit
to muke to the people, on my vote tor Speaker, than all the
banded body of the Legislature bound into one man. And,
nr, unless I am greatly deceived by the press of the south-
ern Opposition, the American members of the Legislature
are as iittlf in sympathy with their political ft lends in the
Bouth as they are with the people of Maryland."
Now, sir, if I had permitted the matter to rest
there, withoutany response, with the charge upon
my constituents, as well as the rest of the Stale
ofMaryland, that the people of the State sustain
thegentleman in his course in this House, I should
have suffered them, to that extent at least, to be
misrepresented.
Take the gentleman's own premises and con-
clusions as he applies them with another object,
in order to ascertain the views of the people on a
given subject, and bring his own logic to bear in
the issue between him and the House of Dele-
gates of Maryland, on the matter in question, and
how stands the case? He flies from his own de- ;
ducuons. I quote his own language, namely: j
" I invoke gentlemen to acccpt the declaration of the
legal Representative, touching the purposes ot the people
who sent him here to represent them in that very thing.
Men may clamor, partisans may propose, papers may print
a thousand things, and no one care to explain or contradict
them; lor no one i  responsible for them. Silence is no
eoiwiMit; it is mere indifference or contempt. It is the con-
duct of the Repiesentative to which the people look when
they would know n they were truly represented; and it is
to that Representative we should look when we wish to
know the spirit and policy his constituents contemplate."
Does he not see, from the purportof his own
argument, that no better evidence can be adduced
of his misrepresentation of the sentiments of the
people of the State on this question, than the
adoption of the resolution by the House of Dele-
gates of Maryland—the representatives of the
people?
If the gentleman from Baltimore will go before
the people of Maryland upon the ground occupied
by Mr. Pennington, the nominee of the Repub-
lican party, and stand by the doctrines of that
party, that makes war to the knife or, rather, to
the pike, upon southern institutions, he will not,
I think, get more votes than Mr. Fremont did in
1856. Even in Baltimore city, filled up as it is,
I believe he would find but a corporal's guard to
sustain him. I doubt even if the clubs—Tigers,
Blacksnakes, Rednecks, or by whatever eupho-
nious name called—would justify such a vote. I
certainly maintain that the people of Maryland
arc loyal to the Union and the constitutional rights
of the South. They are m favor of upholding the
well-settled and adjudicated rights of every sec-
tion. They look upon the Republican party as
hostile to the perpetuity of this Government and
at war with the peace of the country. They be-
lieve if that party comes into power that no man
can tell or divine what will be the result North,
South, East, or West. It is a great sectional or-
ganization. If it succeed, where will be the Amer-
ican party? Where will be the Democratic party ?
If the gentleman from Baltimore had stood up even
in defense of the American party; if he had ad-
hered to the nominee of that party; if he could
not vote for a Demociat, yet stood by the candi-
date of his own party; if he had done thai, sir,
now, as in J855, and if he had done it at the be-
ginning of this Congress, wc would have had dif-
ferent results and been spared this humiliation.
1 have no doubt that there is a sound element
on this question in the American party,although
its members differ with the members of the Dem-
ocratic party on other subjects. While we were
struggling against the common enemy, two ele-
ments m opposition to the Black Republicans—
the Americans, as well as the Democrats—were
defeated, by reason of the action of the gentleman
from Baltimore. He cast his vote indirectly, so
as to elect Bunks, in 1S55; and he gave his vote
directly this session, to elect Pennington. Who
gets the benefit, of the election of Pennington ? Is
it the .southern Opposition ? Is it the Democratic
party? .No, sir, the Black Republicans profit by
the act. He has been, whether he expressly in-
tended it or not, the efficient ally of the Black
Republican party; and the people of Maryland
cannot and will not justify and sustain him. I
say it is a libel upon the people of Maryland to
intimate that they are ready to make common
cause with the Black Republicans, or give them
aid and comfort. With all his ability, and all his
eloquence, my colleague could not get a larger
support than was given to Mr. Fremont, if he
faced the music, and put himself upon Black Re-
publican ground. And to show in what estima-
tion he is held in the North by the Black Repub-
licans, I send an extract to the Clerk to be read,
from the proceedings of the Chicago convention.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" Mr. Wilmot moved also to refei back Maryland, Ken-
tucky, and Virginia. This was a repiesentative body, and
men w ho represented no constituencies should not come
here with a lull vote.
'• Such practices would demoralize and break up the
party In Maryland thnty persons had gathered at Balti-
moje and sent delegates here. Theie was no party organ-
ization there, and would be none until the Republicans had
w rested the Government from the hands of its present pos-
sessors. Very warm lematks were made from Mr. Armour
ofMaryland, CI ink of Kentucky, and otheis.
" Mr. Wilmot replied iri delense of his motion to refer
hack Maryland, Kentucky, and Virginia, to the committee
on credentials.
"Mr. Blair said Maryland wishedfornolargerrepresent-
ation than she was entitled to. We do not wish to dictate.
" Mr. Cleveland, of Connecticut, said, but for IIenry
Winter Davis our hopes of victory in the >truggle to organ-
ize the Houm? of Representatives would have been dashed
to pieces; yet we haggle about giving Maiyland a vote.
[Cheers.]
uAn Indiana delegate here read the call for the national
convention, in which all tiie opponents of Mr. Buchanan's
Administration were invited. [Gieat applause.] He thought
our southern brethren had lights here.
" Mr. Robb vindicated the gallant State ofMaryland.
<kMr. James Weiss, of the District of Columbia, spoke
in favor of that distranchised portion of the country. {"Ap-
plause.]
Sv Mr. Philhps, of Kansas, eulogized the Republicanism
of that Mood-siamed Terntoiy.
" Mr. Wilmot replied, amid signs of disapprobation. He
said that he regretted that he was misunderstood by the
southerners. He made no proposition to exclude them, but
wanted the slave State delegations referred back to the
committee, to determine.their proportionate lepreseutatiou.
" Mr. Robb, of Mary land, replied that a party organization
did exist in Maryland. Every congressional district was
! represented in the. State convention. The hall where the
convention met was full of Republicans, and many towns
in Maryland were halfRepubliean.
"Finally, the entire report of the Committee on Creden-
tials was recommitted—yeas 275£, nays 172£.
"A recess was then taken till five o'clock."
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. Now, sir, the
gentleman from Baltimoie has taken no steps,
since the elccfion of Banks and Pennington, to
put himself right before the country, if he had
been misapprehended. 1 do not want to misrep-
resent him. Gentlemen in my district have asked
me what I thought of Mr. Davis's course. To
be sure, men are strangely constituted; and he
may be pursuing a line of conduct that he deems
manly and iudicious. I do not know whether
he does or aoes not subscribe to the Republican
party. His acts indicate, if he does not, that he
ought to be identified with that party. I would
like to know from the gentleman from Baltimore
distinctly to what party he docs belong? Does he
hold communion with the southern Opposition ?
or will he oppose the Democratic party, right or
wrong? Under what flag does he rally? Is it
the Black Republican banner? I would like to
know, that I may do my colleague full justice.
Mr. Chairman, I can have respect for a pub-
lic man who boldly avows the doctrines he holds
to. If he be a Black Republican in good faith, I
give him all due credit for his sincerity when he
avows that fact, however much I abhor his doc-
trines. So, too, if he belongs to the American
party. But where are we to locate the gentle-
man from Baltimore? If he be not disposed to
join the Black Republicans, let him say so. I
would not for any consideration attempt to do him
injustice*. It is because of the uncertainty of his
position that I have not,perhaps, understood him,
as he ought or wishes to be represented. 1 have
looked upon what he has done as certainly well
calculated to build upand strengthen agreat north-
ern sectional party—this Black Republican con-
cern. His whole policy and drift and aim have
been, it would seem to me, rather to help the Black
Republicans than the party to which he appar-
ently belongs. He appears, at the same time, to
have high regard for the material of the Demo-
cratic party, although he cannot venture to vote
for them, but can swaliow the nominee of the
Black Republican party without remorse Why
is this? Observe what an exalted opinion he en-
tertains for our men. Speaking of the proceed-
ings of the Legislature ofMaryland, he ^ays:
" But the Senate having at this point made themselves, as
the Ftenchman would say, «u^pectcd, in spite of their ear-
nest and disinterested guardianship of southern institutions,
even at the expense ot making themselves lidiculou*, the
House of Delegates next assumed the guardianship ot the
Representative upon this floor. They had passed a reso-
lution, prior to the el( ction of Speaker, which was intended
to condemn beforehand any vote which should not be for
some one of the honorable gentlemen from the Deniocmtic
party. I knew it was aimed at me ; for they knew that,
highly as 1 respect those gentlemen; eminently fit by knowl-
edge and experience lor that poMtion as I know many of
them to be; entire as is my confidence in their personal
honor, to the extent of trusting my fortune, my life, and my
honor in their hands, yet i did not consider them safe de-
positors for any of the political power*? of this Government,
and that all they could do would not make me waver one
hair's breadth from what they knew was my firm resolve."
I am sorry, with such an appreciation of our
personnel, he, as a southern Representative, could
not have ventured to trust one of them as Speaker
of this House, in preference to the nominee of
the Republican pai;ty, and who had supported
Fremont at the last piesidential election, I be-
lieve. He has spoken in the highest terms of
Mr. Fillmore. Mr. Fillmore stands well with
the people of Maryland; but we must not forget
that it is now announced that Mr. Fillmore will
support Lincoln and Hamlin. If that be really
so the people ofMaryland would like to know it.
He says, in another portion of his remarks, that
Mr. Pennington is in favor of " silence" upon
the question of slavery. Is that a fact? How
comes it, then, that he is united with the Repub-
lican party; and the very essence, vitality, and*
foundation of that organization is hostility to sla-
very and the constitutional rights of this southern
institution, as expounded by the Supreme Court ?
Let me give a syllabus of the points adjudicated
