198
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 4,
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Polygamy in Utah—Mr. Birrms.
Ho. of Eeps.
States having delegated to Congress a power to punish
< treason, counterfeiting the securities and current coin of
the United States, piracies and felonies committed on the
high seas, and offenses agafnstthe laws of nations,' and no
other crimes whatever; and, it being true as a general prin-
ciple, and one of the amendments to the Constitution hav-
ing also declared, that the powers not delegated to the Uni-
ted States by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the
States, are reserved to the States respectively, or to the
people; therefore, also the same act of Congress passed on
the 14th day of July, and entitled 'An ace in addition to the
act entitled an "Act for the punishment of certain crimes
against the United States;" 'as also the act passed by them
on the 37th day of June, 1798, entitled 'An act to punish
frauds committed on the Bank of the United States'—(and
all other, their acts, which assume to create, define, or
punish crimes other than those enumerated in the Consti-
tution) aie altogethei void and of no force, and that the
power to create, define, and punish such other crimes is
reserved, and of right appertains solely and exclusively, to
the respective States, each within its own territory."
It may be argued that this resolution refers only
to the States. This is true; but it none the less
clearly defines all the criminal power vested in
theXJnited States. If an exceptional power, over
the Territories, had existed in Congress, it would
have been mentioned. The resolution touched
the foundations of the Government, and, in its
analysis, excludes the possession of the power
claimed in the bill before us.
And what will you gain by this enactment?
You must carry it out through Mormon juries
and Mormon agencies, or you must suspend trial
by jury, and declare martial law. With the in-
habitants of Utah, as you declare, tied to polyg-
amy by social institutions and religious fanati-
cism, doyouexpect touprootand waste it through
their agency ? It is imbedded in their social and
religious structure, and you can only tear it up
by upheaving that structure and scattering it to
the winds. Are you prepared to start the Gov-
ernment upon this crusade against manners and
morals ? Are you willing to clothe it with power
to ravage the Territories, to substitute the sword
for trial by jury, and to carry out, by flame and
violence, an indictment against a whole commu-
nity ? If these people arc the crazy fanatics you
charge them to be; if they arc the religious zeal-
ots we are told they are, thon your war is against
opinion, and nothing but extermination will"close
it. You may pile statute upon statute, up to the
very skies; you may send forth laws, backed by
armed legionaries, but if a hostile religious opin-
ion confronts them, both statute and law will fall
to the dust worthless and dead, unless the bayo-
net steps in and terminates the conflict. Is a re-
sult like this worth the fearful aggrandizement
of the Federal Government?
POIjYGAMY IN U'L'AII.
iizcmu
\
SPEECH OF HON. W. E. SIMMS,
01? KENTUCKY, •
In the Hoose of Representatives,
April 4, I860,
On tllo bill to punish and prevent the piactice of polygamy
in the Territories of the Unite'I States, and other plaees,
and disapproving and annulling certain acts of the Legis-
lative Assembly of the Territory of Utah.
Mr. SIMMS said:
Mr. Speaker: X do not knew that the opinion
of one of that order of social philosophers denom-
iraated bachelors—by way, I suppose, of difference
and di$tinctio>ir— should be regarded as of much
value in the discussion of a question like the one
under consideration.
Practically, it cannot bo expected that they
should know anything about conjugal rights or
conjugal wrongs; while, theoretically , their ardent
fancies—for all bachelors arc deeply imbued with
poetic sentiment upon this subject—may overleap
the reality, and color in unnatural hue the joys
of that " blessed .state," where the
u Hu.-:y hou-ewife phes her evening care;
And children lun to greet their kite's leturn,
Or einnh ins knee the envied kiss to share."
But, sir, since gentlemen who belong to the mat-
rimonial state find so much difficulty in the solu-
tion of this question, they may not esteem it un-
gracious or obtrusive should those who occupy
the position of disinterested observers in the prem-
ises, venture a peaceful, and probably an available
suggestion. The principles involved in this bill,
and the kindred subjects to which they relate,
make it one of the highest moment and interest.
This bill proposes, ostensibly, to prescribe penal-
ties for the punishment of the crime of polyga-
my, or bigamy, in the Territories of the United
States. Its real purpose is to reach this offense in
the Territory of Utah, where it is practiced,as an
abomination in the sight of God and man, with
open and undisguised impunity, in th  very face
of the Federal authorities. It is intended to pre-
vent this crime on the part of the inhabitants of
that Territory, who, on account of their peculiar
institutions, have already set up in open rebellion
to the Government of the United States.
I intend to vote for this bill, or one like it that
has for its object the complete and speedy eradi-
cation of this evil.
During this discussion peculiar positions have
been assumed, and peculiar arguments have been
advanced in defense of those positions.
One is, that Congress has no po\ycr under the
Constitution to pass such an act; and to vote for
this bill may be to surrender a vital principle,
which may be used for sinister purposes by the
enemies of the constitutional rights of the people
of the southern States. This I understand to be
the position of the distinguished gentleman from
South Carolina, [Mr. Keitt.J He is opposed to
this bill, and will resist, by his vote, its passage
in this House.
Then, has Congress power, under the Consti-
tution, to pass this bill' I maintain that it has.
The same provision in the Constitution thatgives
to the Federal Government the right to acquire
territory, invests it with power, subject to the lim-
itations of the Constitution, to pass laws for its
government. The exercise of this power must
extend only to the enactment of such laws as are
necessary for the protection of the citizen who
may go into the Territories, in his rights of per-
son and his rights of property. There is no way
to accomplish this, except to pass laws for the
punishment of crimes and offenses against these
rights, and that is what is proposed in this bill.
While Congress lias no power to pass any law
abridging any personal right, or impairing or in-
terposing with any right of property, it has power,
and is bound by every obligation of duty to ex-
ercise it ill the enactment of laws necessary for
the piotection of every right of life, liberty, or
property. What are the personal rights of the
citizen, as defined, or rather reserved, under the
Constitution ? They are more specifically enu-
merated in the several amendments to that instru-
ment. They arc, the right to bear arms; the right
of free speech and a free press; t he right to free con-
sgjenee; the right peaceably to assemble and peti-
tion for redress of grievances; the right to bo se-
cure in tlk'ir jit'isons, houses, papeis, and effects,
against unreasonable searches and seizures; the
right of trial by jury; the right to be confronted
with his accusers and witness against him in all
criminal proceedings; not to be a witness against
himself; and the right not to be deprived of life,
liberty, or property, without due process of law.
These, sir, arc the highest rights of the American
citizen. They are rights deemed too sacred for
abridgment or interference by any power in this
Government. They are expressly reserved, and
stand above its power to impair.
Does this bill propose to interfere, abridge, or
impair, any one of these rights ? No, sir. Hut can
these rights Ire enjoyed without the protection of
law' Is there no power in this Government to
pass laws for the protection of these rights of the
American citizen in the Territories of the United
States.' When he goes there does he forfeit the pro-
tective power of the Government? Do its Constitu-
tion and laws 110 longer shield him from wrong?
Is he in a state of nature, and beyond the control
and protection of ourcivilization and institutions?
What was the Government created for? Is it m
truth worse than an entity? If the Government
of the United States cannot exercise this jurisdic-
tion, what other Government can ? The Territory
is ours, and the Constitution extends over it the in-
stant it is acquired. Can an American citizen live in
the Territories, where that Constitution extends,
and yet have no rights of protection from the Gov-
ernment created by it, for life, liberty, or property?
Do you tell me, sir, that the Federal Government
has power to send the Army of the United States
upon the frontiers, and the right to use the Fed-
eral Treasury of the nation, for the purpose of
protecting the life and property of the citizen, and
yet has no power by military or civil law to pun-
ish mutiny, rebellion, or murder, in that Army, or
murder, theft, or robbery on the part of the resi-
dent citizen of such Territory ?
I repeat, how can the Government of the United
States maintain subordination in its armies, or
protect the rights of its citizens—the very purpose
for which it was ordained and established—unless
it pass laws for the enforcement of this subordi-
nation, and the punishment of offenses against
these rights? Tne Federal Government has no
more power to pass a military law to punish of-
fenses in the Army of the United States when in
the Territories, than it has to pass a civil law for
the punishments of offenses and crimes by the
citizens of the Territory. Will the gentleman from
South Carolina rise in his place and say that Con-
gress has no power to pass military laws for the
government of the Army of the United States
when in the Territories ? Who has ever questioned
this power? How can you maintain your armies
without law? Power in both cases emanates alike
from the Constitution, and yet in neither case can
this power bo exercised for the oppression or
destruction of the rights of the soldier or citizen,
exccpt as provided in the Constitution. The
power, then, of Congress to legislate for the Terri-
tories grows out of tiie power of the Government
to acquire territory, and the duties and relations
the Government boars to the citizens of the Uni-
ted States who compose it, and who created it, not
as a splendid entity, but as an organized, vital,
active, protecting power around and about them.
But this power is not an unlimited or undefined
power. It is both limited and defined by the Con-
stitution. That this power to legislate for the Ter-
ritories does exist, with its constructional limita-
tions, has been affirmed by the Supreme Court of
the United States. 1 read from Howard's Reports,
vol. 19. This decision was rendered in the Dred
Scott case, where this whole question was con-
sidered and determined. The court said:
" At the tunc when the territory in question was obtained
by eosMon fiom Franco, it contained no population lit to bo
associated together and admitted as a State ; and it there-
fore was absolutely neccssaiy to hold possession ol it, as a
tonitorv belonging to the United States, until it was set-
tled and inhabited by a civilized community, capable of
self-government and in a condition to be admitted, on equal
tonus with the other States, as a mcmbci ot the Union."
* * * * " But, until that tunc ai rives, it is un-
doubtedly necessary that some government should be estab-
lished in order to organize society, and to protect the in-
habitants in their persons and property; and as the people
of the United States could act in this matter only through
tiie Government which represents them, and through which
they spoke and acted when the teintory was obtained, it
was not only in the scopeof its powers, but it um it? duty} to
pass such, laws and establish such a government as u-ould en-
able those by u-hosc authority they a<tcd to reap the ad vant-
ages anticipated from its acquisition, and to gather ihae a
population which would enable xt to assume the position to
which it was destined among the States of the Union. The
power to acquire necessarily camcs with'it the power to pre-
serve and apply to the purposes for which it^-was acquired
Mr. KEITT. Will my friend from Kentucky
tell me fiom what clause of the Constitution he
has been reading >
Mr. SIMMS. I am reading from the Dred
Scott decision.
Mr. KEITT. Oh! I thought it was from the
Constitution. The gentleman finds the power in
the Dred Seott decision, not in the Constitution.
Mr. SIMMS. Yes, sir; but that is the next
thing to the Constitution; and, if anything, a
slight improvement on it. Its doctrines sounded
so much like the Constitution that my friend fiom
South Carolina, familiar as he is with that instru-
ment, for the moment thought 1 was reading
from the Constitution.
Here, sir,you will perceivnthat the highest ju-
dicial tribunal of this Government has determined
the existence of this power, with its constitu-
tional limitations.
_ If this bill proposed to abridge any personal
right of the citizen, or in any manner, directly or
indirectly, to interfere with his right of property
or any other right guarantied by the Constitution,
it would be violative of that instrument, and could
never receive my vote. I hold the Constitution
sacred. Were it in my power, no irreverent hand
should touch it; no voice of faction should assail
it. I would elevate it above the passions of the
