1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOM
Mr. GROW. I object.
Mr. BAIilvSDALK. I object to the interrup-
tion. I asked the gentleman from South Carolina
to yield me the floor, and objection was made
from the other side of the House. I want the rule
enforced upon all as it was enforced upon me.
The CLERIC. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania who objected t& the interruption^ the gen-
tleman from Mississippi, objected also to the in-
terruption of his colleague from Pennsylvania.
Mr. HILL. Cannot a member explain ?
Mr. GROW. The point I make is this: A gen-
tleman has a right to interrupt for personal ex-
planation; if a gentleman upon the floor misstates
the position of another gentleman, the rule gives
that other gentleman the right to correct. Any
other interruption, however, is against the rule,
when it is objected to. Such interruptions have
been objected to from both sides of the House. The
first time the objection was raised, the gentleman
from Mississippi will recollect that it was raised
by the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Burnett]
against the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farns-
worth.]
Mr. BARKSDALE. I do not object to inter-
ruptions myself; butif the rule is adopted, I want
that its application shall be general.
Mr. GROW. I objected to my colleague.
Mr. KEITT. I yield the floor, as it is the
general wish that tlie vote should bo declared.
[Cries of " Declare the vote !" from all sides.]
Mr. VALLANDIG-HAM. I stated twice to-
day, that whenever my vote could be effective in
the election of the gentleman from North Carolina
as Speaker, it should be given, and I gave it.
The withdrawal from that gentleman under cir-
cumstances which I will not now characterize, of
votes which he received upon the Republican side
of this Chamber, has changed the condition upon
which that vote was given. ButI take the respons-
ibility now, and want that vote to stand. [Cries of
"That is ri^ht!"'' from Democratic benches.]
Mr. MARTIN, of Virginia. One word, Mr.
Clerk, if you please. [Loud cries of u Order!"
and " Object!" from both sides of the House.]
The CLERK. Gentlemen will please come to
order.
The result of the ballot was then announced.
Mr. WINSLOW. I move that the House
again proceed to vote viva voce for Speaker, and
on that motion t demand the previous question.
Mr. HICKMAN, (at live minutes after five
o'clock, p. m.) 1 move that the House do now
adjourn.
Messrs. SICKLES, BRANCH, and others,
demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I move that
when the House adjourns, it adjourn to meet on
Monday next.
A number of Democratic Members demanded
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 114, nays 111; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charlc3 K. Adams, Adrain, AMrieh,
Alley, Ashley, Babbitt, l ealc, Bingham, Blair. Blake, Bray-
ton, ButFinton, Dmlmgamc, Bumbam, ISunoughs Buttei-
field, Campbell, Caiey, Carter, Ca&e, Colfax, Conkhng, Cor-
win, Covodc, Cum?, il. Winter Lavu, Dawe<, Dvlatio,
Duell, Dunn, Edgcrton, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Fain^worth,
Fenton, Ferry, Foster, Frank, French, Gooeh, Gralmm.
Grow, Guiley, Hale, Hall, llaskin, Iiclmick, Hickman,
Hoaid, Humphrey, Flntehms, Irvine, Junkin, Francis W.
Kellogg, William Kellogg, Kenyon, IOllinger, DeWitt C.
Loach, Lee, Longneeker," LooinH, Lovejov, Marstoii. Me-
Kean, McKmght, McPher^on, Milhvaul, Moorhead, Mor-
rill, Edward Jov Morris, Morse, Nixon, Ohn, Palmer, Pen-
nington, Feirv, Pfttit, Potter, Potter, Pottle, ltice, Chris-
topher Kobinson, Royce, Schwartz, Scranton, Sodgwick,
Sherman. Some-, Spaulding, Hpn>ner, Stanton, Stovons,
William Stewart, Tappan, Thayei. Theaker, Tompkins,
Train, Trimble, Vandevci, Van W.uk, Veirce, Wade,
W.ildiun, Walton, Cadvvaludcr C. Washhiun, Ethhu B.
Washhmne. Israel Washburn, Wells, Wilson, Windom,
Wood, and Woodinff—U-l.
NAYS—Messrs. Green Adam", Allen, Thomas L. Ander-
son, William C Andeison, Ashmoic, Aveiy, Bailtsdale,
Barr.Bairett, Bocock, Bonham, Botekr, Bouhgny, Boyee,
Biab>on, Branch, Briggs, Bristovv, Burch, Burnett, Hotace
F. Cl.uk, John B. CJa.-k, Clemens, Clopton, Cobb, John
Coehtane, Cooper, James Craig, Button Ciaige, Ciawibrd,
Curry, Davidson, John C. Davin, Reuben Davis, De Jar-
nette,Dunmick,Kdmund&on. Cnghsh, Etherise, Florence,
Foukf, Garnett. Gatticll, Gilmer, Hamilton. Hardeman, J.
Momson Ilains. JohnT. Ilanis, Mutton, Hawkins, Hill,
Hindrnan, Holman, Houston, Howard, Hughes., Jackson,
Jones, Keiit, Kunkel. Lamar, Landtuni, Larrabee, iame^
M. Leach, Leake, Logan, l.ove. Mallory,Chailes D. Mar-
tin, Elbeit S. Martin, Maynard, McClernanU, McQueen,
Milc«, Millson, Montgomery, L.ibaii T. Moore, Sydenham
Moore, Isaac N. Morris, Nelson, Niblack, Noellj Pendleton,
Peyton, Phelps, Pryor, Pugh, Quarles, Reagan, James C.
Iiobmson,Itutiin, Rust, Scott, Sickles, Singleton; William
Smith, William N. H. Smith, Stevenson, James A. Stew-
art, Stoker, Stout, Taylor, Thomas, Underwood, Vallan-
digham, Vanef , Webster, Whiteley, Winslow, Woodson,
and Wright—111.
So Mr. Stevens's motion was agreed to.
The question recurred on the motion that the
House do now adjourn.
Mr. CURTIS obtained the floor.
Mr. STANTON. I wish to make a simple
remark.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. 1 wish to have
another ballot.
Mr. CURTIS. I wish to say, Mr. Clerk, that
our ranks are a little confused just at this time,
[laughter;] and we are disposed to insist on an ad-
journment. It is now late; and we are not going
to permit another vote at this time. So far as I
am concerned, I shall resist it for the reason that
we ought to have a little time to consult together.
Mr. STANTON. I desire to suggest that there
are two gentlemen absent whose votes are desira-
ble when a Speaker is elected. I do not know
how they will vote; but we have 110 expectation
of delaying a vote beyond twelve o 'clock on Mon-
da^r We shall come here then prepared to let the
question be decided, let the result be what it may.
But we are a little terrified at this moment, [laugh-
ter,] and want an opportunity for consultation. I
take it for granted that gentlemen opposite will not
attempt to force a vote this evening, under these
circumstances.
Mr. JENKINS. Before a vote is taken 011 the
motion to adjourn, allow me to do justice to a
gentleman to whom I unintentionally did a wrong.
During the exciting period of the day, when I
raised a point of order on the gentleman from
Now York, [Mr. John Cochrane,] I was ap-
proached by my friend, General Davis, of Mis-
sissippi , and in the excitement of the moment, and,
indeed, hardly conscious who addressed me, 1
made an impatient and perhaps a rude gesture,
that hurt his feelings very much; although lmay
say here that I could not possibly have pained
him more than I did myself, by doing him that
wrong. I wish to make this public apology for
having done so.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I would inquire of thegen-
tleman from Ohio who arc the absent gentlemen,
so that we may accommodate this matter.
Mr. STANTON. Mr. Stratton and Mr.
Riggs.
Mr. WINSLOW. I understand the gentlemen
on the other side to say that they do not intend to
allow a vote to be taken to-night. [Cries from the
Republican benches of " That is it!"] Then, I
trust, our friends will withdraw the demand for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I insist on the
yeas and nays.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to see if I under-
stand the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Stanton.]
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Clerk, I rise simply
to 
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I object to debate.
The yeas and nays have been ordered on a mo-
tion to adjourn; and I object to any remarks.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not intend to make
any speech or remarks. I simply desire to give
public notice that there will be a confcrence of
those who have voted for me, at twelve o'clock
to-morrow, in this Hall.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to ask a question,
to see whether I understand the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Stanton,] and the gentleman from
Iowa, [Mr. Curtis.] I desire to know if that
side of the House has formed a deteimination to
resist another vote for Speaker to-night? If they
say so, that ends the matter, and I shall be un-
willing to remain here. If, however, they are
willing to take another vote, we on this side would
prefer it; we are willing to do so. I desire to
know whether lam to understand them as saying
that they intend to resort to all parliamentary
means for the purpose of delay, and of preventing
us from commg to a vote ? If they ore, then I
shall be 111 favor of adjourning.
Mr. STANTON. So far as I understand the
views of this side of the House, we do not intend
that there shall be another vote taken to-night, and
are ready to assume the responsibility of prevent-
ing it. [Cries of " Good !" " Good !" from the
Republican benches.]
Mr. CLEMENS. I desire to say a single word
to the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Da vis . j
I desire to make ah appeal to him. [Cries of
"Order!" "Order!"] I have been here'since
twelve o'clock to-day. I am not capable of sus-
taining a protracted contest. [Renewed cries of
" Order!' ] - ;
Mr. BURNETT. Haw does the gentleman
from Virginia get the floor when the yeas- and
■nays have been ordered on a motion to adjourn?
Mr. CLEMENS. I rise for the purpose of
making a personal explanation. [Shouts of " Or-
der !" from the Democratic benches.]
The CLERK. The gentleman from Virginia
stated that he rose to make an appeal to the gen-
tleman from Mississippi.
Mr. BURNETT. I do not understand, that
such appeals are in order.
Mr. CLEMENS. 1 have a right, as a matter
of privilege, to make a personal explanation.
The CLERK. Pending a motion to adjourn,
no remarks are in order, except by the unanimous
consent of the House.
Mr. CLEMENS. Well,then,I hope there will
be no objection. [Loud cries of " Object!"] Then
I must be allowed to say this: that if any factious
proceedings are to be resorted to on this side of
the House, they must be carried out without my
consent or aid. [Renewed cries of " Order!"] I
gave notice in the early part of the session that I
would remain here until I was physically dis-
abled; [vociferous shouts of " Order!"} and that,
when I was physically unable to remain1 would
leave the Ilall, whether I was paired or not.
[Tremendous shouts of "Order! '] I now re-
iterate that statement. [Renewed shouts of "Or-
der!" and much confusion.]'
Mr. REAGAN. I call on the Sergeant-at-Arms
to seat the gentleman from Virginia, if he will not
come to order.
The CLERK. The Clerk hopes the gentleman
from Virginia will not insist on speaking when
objection is made.
Mr. CLEMENS. I am not persisting. I am
only maintaining my own personal consistency,
and appealing to my own (jarty friends- not to
demand of me a sacrifice which I am not able to
make. I hope that the order for the yeas a^id
nays on the motion to adjourn will be unani-
mously withdrawn, and that, by common con-
sent, that courtesy will be extended to the oppo-
site side of the House, which has never been re-
fused by them to gentlemen on this side, when
properly applied for.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. As it is under-
stood that gentlemen opposite place themselves
on record as assuming the responsibility of pre-
venting another vote, I will not insist on the yeas
and nays.
The question was then taken on Mr. Hick-
man's motion, and it was agreed to; and there-
upon (at a quarter to six o'clock p; m.) the House
adjourned until Monday next.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 30, i860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
The Journal of Thursday last was read and
approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Fitzpat-
ricic in the chair) laid before the Senate a message
of the President of the United States, transmitting
a report of the Secretary of War, with accompa-
nying papers, in answer to the resolution of the
Senate of the 9th instant, requesting the President
to communicate to the Senate the official corre-
spondence of Lieutenant General Winfield Scott
in reference to the Island of San Juan, and of
Brigadier General William S. Harney, in com-
mand of the department of Oregon; which, on
motion of Mr. Clay, was ordered to lie on the
table.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of tho
Second Auditor of the Treasury, communicating
copies of accounts of persons charged with the dis-
bursement or application of moneys, goods, or
effects, for the benefit of the Indians, during the
year ending June 30,1859, together with a list of
the names of the persons to whom goods,money,
01- effects,have been delivered during that period;
which, on motion of Mr. Hunter, was ordered
to he on the table.
