622
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
He also laid before the Senate a letter of the
cierk of the Court of Claims, returning, in compli-
ance with a resolution of the Senate of the 18th
instant, the papers in the case of G-aetano Carusi;
which were referred to the Committee on Claims.
PETITIONS.
Mr. COLLAMER presented tho^ petition of
John H. Rcity, administrator of Major William
Roily, deceased, praying the allowance of half pay
as a captain in the Maryland line during the war of
the Revolution; which was referred to the Com-
mittee 011 Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. KING presented the petition of Nicholas
Underbill, a soldier of the war of 1812, praying
for a pension; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
Mr. TEN EYGK presented additional papers in
support of the claim ofW. Brenton Boggs; which
were referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. DTJRKEE presented three memorials of
eitizons of Milwaukie, Wisconsin, praying the
construction of a harbor of refuge at the mouth
of Grand River, oil Lake Michigan; which were
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CHANDLER presented the petition of
Jano W. Brent, widow of Thomas Lee Brent,
late a captain and assistant quartermaster in the
Army, praying to be allowed a pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented a memorial of citizcns of
Michigan, praying that steamers may be stationed
on the Lakes for the protection of the revenue,
and the relief of merchant vessels m distress;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, presented the
petition of Fernando Wood, Mayor of the city of
New York, and others, praying Congress to pass
a law to prevent all further traffic in and monop-
oly of the public lands of the United States, and
that they be laid out in farms and lots of limited
size for the free and exclusive use of actual set-
tlers; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented additional pa-
pers in support of the claim of John D. Colmesml;
■which were referred to the Committee on the Ppst
Office and Post Roads.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND IIEFEKIIISI).
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, ol Tennessee,
it was
Ordered, That the petition of William R. West, alia*
Mouney, a soldier in the war of! 812, prayinjjto be allowed
a pension, on the tile;! of the Senate, be referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
On motion of Mr. POWELL, it was
Ordered, That the resolutions of the I legislature «f Ken-
tueky, respecting pensions to f=oldiet« of the Revolution,
niui of the war of 1B12, on the file* of the Senate, be re-
ferred to the (,'omnnttee on Pensions.
On motion of Mr. DAVIS, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Thomas (VSuIlivan, pray-
ing to be allowed a pension, on the files of the Senate, be
reteried to the Committee on Pensions.
On motion of Mr. SLIDELL, it was
Ordered, That the petition of the heirs and legal repre-
sentatives of James Johnson, praying the confirmation of
their title to ceitain land, on the files of the Senate, be
referred to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
On motion of Mr. SLIDELL, it was
Ordered, That the petition of the eity of New Orleans,
praying the confirmation of its title to one half of certain
lands, bequeathed to that city and the city of Baltimore by
John Mcbonoupli, on the tiles of the Senate, be lei'eircd to
the Committee on Pnv,ue Land Claims.
On motion of Mr. SLIDELL, it was
Ordered, That the petition of JoM-ph Keynes, praying flic
confirmation of Him title to certain lands in the .State of
Louisiana, claimed under a Spanish jjiant, and to be indem-
nified for kucIi lands, embraced m Iih claim, as may have
bet;n sold by the United f?fate> a* public land, on the files
of the Senate, be referred to the Committee 011 Private Land
Claims.
On motion of Mr. SLIDELL, ii was
Ordered, That the petition of the heirs and representa-
tives of Chnstoval and Miguel J)e Armas, praying the con-
firmation of certain land titled, on the fil<N of the Senat5>
be lefeired to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. THOMSON, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of Eliza
J. Van Devcnter, widow of the late Major E. Van
Devcntor, praying Congress to provide for back
pension due her late husband, while holding a
commission in the army, submitted an adverse
report; wliich was ordered to bo printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Nathaniel Rye, a
soldier in the war of 1812, praying- to be allowed
a pension, submitted an adverse report; which
was ordered to be printed
He, also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Joseph Kerwin, an in-
mate of the Soldier's Home, who was wounded
in the Mexican war, praying an increase of pen-
sion, submitted an adverse report; which was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of John S. Livermore,
a soldier of the war of 1812, praying that the pay
of invalid pensioners may commence from the'
date of their disability, submitted an adverse re-
port, which was ordered to be printed; and asked
to be discharged from the further consideration of
the subject, which was agreed to.
Mr. POWELL, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of Mary
Walbaek, widow of the late Brevet Brigadier Gen-
eral J. B. Walbaek,praying to be allowed a pen-
sion, reported adversely, and asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration; which was
agreed to.
I-Ie also, from the same committee, to w|iom
was referred the memorial of Mrs. A. E. Childs,
widow of Brigadier General Thomas Childs, of
the Army, praying for a pension, submitted a re-
port, accompanied by a bill (S. No. 108) for the
relief of Mrs. A. E. Childs. The bill was read,
and passed to a second reading; and the report
was ordered to bo printed.
Mr.IVERSON,from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of A. W. Mc-
pherson, praying to be paid for fitting up and
furnishing rooms for the United States district
court at San Francisco, reported a bill (S.No. 110)
for the relief of A. W. McPherson; which was
read, and passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of John Hastings, pray-
ing to be credited with an amount of public money
which was stolen while under his charge as sur-
veyor and collector of customs, at Pittsburg,
Pennsylvania, reported a bill (S. No. 109) forthe
relief of John Hastings, collector of the port of
Pittsburg; which was read, and passed to a sec-
ond reading.
Mr. FOOT, from the Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred the memorial of Aaron Haight
Palmer, pitiying compensation for services in col-
lecting valuable information and statistics in re-
lation t© the geography, production, resources,
trade, commerce, &c., of the independent Orien-
tal nations, submitted a report, accompanied by
a bill (S. No. Ill) for the relief of Aaron H.
Palmer. The bill was read, and passed to a sec-
ond reading; and the report was ordered to be
printed.
■ Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Military
Affair;-; and Militia, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. Gl) for the better organization of the
Army, reported it without amendment; and sub-
mitted a report, which was ordered to be printed.
COMMITTEE ON CLAIMS.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointedMr. Hemf-
mu and Mr. Wilkinson the additional members
of the Committee on Claims, authorized by the
resolution of the Senate which was adopted on
Thursday the 26th instant.
PROPERTY IN TEIUUTOItlES.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
following resolutions, submitted by Mr. Brown
on the Itfth instant:
Ilcsolied, That the Territoiic** arc the common property
of all the State*; and that it Is the privilege of the citizens
of all the States to go into the Territories with eveiy kind
or description of pioperry recognized by the Constitution
of the United States, and hold undei the laws of any ot the
States; and that it is the constitutional duty of the law-
making power, wherever lodged, or by whomsoever exor-
cised, whether by the Congress or the Termoiial Legisla-
ture, to enact such laws as may bo found necessary for the
adequate and sufficient protection of such propeity*
Resolved, That the Committee on Territories be instructed
to insert, in any bill they may report for the organization
of new Tcrritones, a clause declaring it to be the duty of
the Territorial Legislature to enact adequate and sufficient
laws for the protection of all kmdrf of piopeity, as above
deseiibed, within the limits of the Territory; and that,
upon its failure 01 refusal to do so, it is the admitted duty
of Congress to interfere and pass such laws.
Air. GRIMES. "With the permission of the
Senator from Tennessee, who Is entitled to the
floor, I ask the indulgence of the Senate for a few-
minutes, while I correct a statement contained in
the speech of the Senator from Georgia, [Mr.
Toombs,] delivered hew last Tuesday. I was
elsewhere engaged that day, and did not listen to
the remarks of the Senator; and was not aware,
until I read his specch in last Saturday's Globe,
that he had seen fit to arraign the State which I
have thejbonor, in part, to represent on -this floor,
for having passed laws which he was pleased to
denominate as in contravention of the Constitu-
tion of the United States, and violative of the rights
of sister States. That Senator said:
"Mr. President, X hold in my hand copies and abstracts
of laws and resolutions of nine States of this Union, a]]
of which have been adopted with the direct intent to abro-
gate and annul this plain provision of the Constitution.
These laws were passed by the Abolitionists, now called
the Republican party of the United States. They are ail
plain, dircct, undeniable violations of the oaths winch the
men who passed them took to support the Constitution of
the United States. All of them display the scientei, the
corrupt knowledge of tho^e who passed them, of the crimes
they were committing. Their very efforts to hide, to con-
ceal their purpose, demonstrate their criminal intent."
Surely, Mr. President, these are very severe
charges; and he who utters them ought to be con-
fident that the persons to whom he seeks to apply
them are justly entitled to receive that application.
Pie then went on to say:
" Their objects are sometime?: sought to be accomplished
by resolutions proclaiming a 'higher law' as the guide to
pliant judicial interpretation. In other eases they are sought
to be accomplished by habeas corpus acta, by writs of man-
damus, intended to tumster cases from the judgment of hon-
est men to the decisions of Republicans; but the bolder
criminals have squarely met the question, and annulled the
Constitution by means of what arc called personal libeity
acts. Maine, New Ilampshiie, Vermont, Massachusetts,
Rhode Island, Connecticut, Michigan, Wisconsin, and
Iowa, have all sought to accomplish the^e results, in the
one or the other of the modes which I have described."
The Senator sets out with the declaration that
he has abstracts and statements of the laws from
nine States, and enumerates as those nine States
the six New England States and the three new
western States of Michigan,Wisconsin, and Iowa.
It is true that the Senator, in another place, seems
to contradict his own statement in tins regard; for
in the colloquy which ho carried on with the Sen-
ator from Connecticut [Mr, Foster] in regard to
the local law of that State, he stated, speaking of
that law:
"Many acts of your co-conspirators exceed it in bold-
ness ; none in meanness and infamy. I have already de-
scribed It, and leave it to you to dctend. It does furtively
and clandestinely what tiie New York bill did openly. It
does not require of its supporters to gulp down wholesale
perjury, like the New York bill, but it did require them to
do the same thing in a more indirect maimer. I have not
the Wisconsin and Iowa laws before mo. I am informed
they are of the same character, purpose, and intent.7'
The same character and purpose and intent of
the law of Connecticut, he means. Then again,
further on, the Senator says:
" Now, sii, I have shown you what has been done on
this question by these nine States."
The nine States enumerated before—the six
New England States and the States o.f Michigan,
Wisconsin and Iowa. Again he states:
"Whenever the Republicans have had power, notwith-
standing their sacred oaths to maintain the Constitution,
they have proved false to it, and have perpetrated thet-e
crimes."
Now, Mr. President, it is true, in point of fact,
that the Republican party have been m possession
of the government of the State of Iowa during tha
last five years and upwards. They have had the
unlimited control of the government of that State
in every one of its departments. They have had
a succession of Governors of that political party.
They have had all the judicial tribunals, with
very few exceptions; and all the judges of the
supreme court have belonged to that party. Their
majorities in the House of Representatives and in
the Senate of the State have been predominating,
almost two to one, during four successive Legis-
lative Assemblies. But it is not true, in point of
fact, that the General Assembly of that State has
ever passed any law m violation of the Constitu-
tion of the United States, in regard to the fugitive
slave law, or in regard to any other act of Con-
gress. No law has been passed by that State,
either since it has been under the domination of
the Republican party or before it came under their
control, that contravenes in the remotest degree
any of the rights of any of the sister States, or
interferes in the remotest degree with the relation
of master and slave, or master and servant.
