1642
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
adopting some rule on the subject. Will any
member upon this floor deny'that it is not a good
rule that, before a new State is admitted into the
Union, it shall be first ascertained, by a census
duly taken, whether it has or has not a sufficient
population to entitle it to a member in this House
upon the existing ratio of representation ? Is there
any reason, drawn from the science of govern-
ment, any propriety deducible from common
sense, why the people of a Territory should be
erected into a State government, with all the sov-
ereignty, and immunities, and privileges of a sister
State in the Confederacy, when in number they
do not come up to the standard fixed by law for
a representation in theHouseofRepresentatives?
It is upon that ground I make my first objection
to the pending bill, and I am fortified by the en-
actment by the last Congress of the English bill.
The first section of that bill is embraced in my
report, and as it was read from the Clerk's desk,
the House must perceive the force of the position
I assume.
Now, sir, whether the passage of that bill was
the result of party action or not is a question for
the House to determine'. I am free to confess
that party considerations had something to do
with it. "Whatever may be the fact in that regard,
nevertheless the principle of that English bill must
be recognized as a true one. It is a principle
which, in my opinion, Mr. Speaker, ought never
to be departed from by any Congress, whatever
party may have the ascendency. ' Who doubts
the propriety of the principle? ^ Nobody that I
know of. If it then be a good principle, can it be
adopted too early ? I think not. The Republican
party stand here, committed by the votes of its
members during the last Congress and at this, to
the declaration that Congress has the power to
control the Territories of theUnitcd States. They
stand here committed to that doctrine in some
form or other. They declare that Congress has
the constitutional right to direct the action of the
Territories in reference to all the preparations
preparatory to their admission as States into the
Union.
The English bill provides how the fact of requi-
site population shall be made to appear. How ?
By a census legally taken. Now, sir, when the
people of Kansas undertook to make preparations
for their admission into theUnionas aStatc.what
was their duty ? It was, that they should have
fulfilled the obligations imposed upon them by the
law of the land. Did they do so ? No, sir; nobody
pretends that they did. Nobody pretends that the
people ever intended to do so. That people defy
the action of Congress, and the chairman of the
Committee on Territories [Mr. Grow] sustains
them in that ddiance; and lie says that they are
justified, because Congress, at previous sessions,
noted as if the taking of a census were wholly
unnecessary. I hope that that argument will not
obtain in this House. It ought not to obtain any-
where. The people of Kansas ought to have taken
a census in some form or other before they formed
a constitution and asked for admission as a State
into this Union. If they have failed to take a
census, and arc unable to supply us with evidence
that their population equals that of the ratio of
representation for this House, then, sir, how,
under the English bill, can we entertain their ap-
plication for admission as a State? What right,
under all the circumstances, have we to admit
Kansas into the Union in violation of express
law? This is the reason of my objection to the
passage of this bill.
The act of taking a census is easily performed.
In the case of Kansas it ought to have been taken.
If the people there were loyal to the Constitution
and loyal to the Government; if they were dis-
posed to obey the law of the land, they would
have taken a census. They came here not as an
obedient people. No, sir; but as a tumultuous
community, sotting themselves up in violation of
law and in opposition to the directions given by
the national Legislature. They condemn and defy
the law of the land. They defy the action of the
Union, of which they seek to become a constitu-
ent part. They form a constitution and State
government m defiance of the law, and then they
present themselves at the bar of Congress, apply-
ing for admission under that constitution. When
We ask in reference to a census, whether there is
a requisite population, we are answered that per-
naps there is such a population. We are referred
April 10,
to votes which Were taken in the Territory of
Kansas before the Wyandotte constitution was
framed. Those votes were taken m a Territory
of different boundaries from the State now pro-
posed to be admitted. That is my answer to that
part of the case of the other side, and I think that
it is conclusive.
Mr. Speaker, my next objection I'presentwith
full confidence, if there be justice still left in the
American national Legislature, that it will not
and cannot.be overlooked. It is that the Wyan-
dotte constitution of Kansas is violative of treaty
stipulations and obligations made over and over
again upon the plighted faith of this Government,
in the treaties with Indian tribes, conccrning the
lands of those Indians. I ask the Clerk to read
the boundaries of the proposed State under the
Wyandotte constitution.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" Wc, the people of Kansas, grateful to Almighty God
for our civil and rcligiousprivilcges, in order to insuie the
lull enjoyment of our rights as Amciican citizens, do 01 dam
and establish this constitution of the State of Kansas, with
the following boundaries, to wit: Beginning at a point on
the wcmcui boundary ot the State of Missouri, wheie the
thirty-seventh parallel of north latitude crosscs the same;
thence running west on raid parallel to the twenty-filth
meridian ot longitude west fiom Washington ; thence north
on said meridian to the fortieth paiallel of north latitude:
thence east on said parallel to the western boundary of the
State of Missouri; thcrfSc south with the western boundary
ol said State to the place of beginning."
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. The boundaries
of the Wyandotte constitution arc the boundaries
prescribed in the pending bill. I do not suppose
that the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. GroivJ
will pretend that the conditions and stipulations
of treaties with Indians must pass as naught.
He will not pretend, nor will any lawyer in
this House pretend, that the provision in the act
for the admission of Kansas into the Union, in re-
spect to impairing the rights of person or prop-
erty now pertaining to the Indians in said Terri-
tory and secured to them by treaty stipulations,
amounts to anything at all. The boundaries of
the State of Kansas, as prescribed by tho consti-
tution of Kansas, is the paramount law, and Kan-
sas, when admitted, will go to her constitution to
find out what her boundaries arc. Hcnce this
provision of the bill is calculated to deceive and
procure the admission of a State whose organic
act will impair and injure the rights of the red
man, and is calculated to bring about a conflict of
State and Federal jurisdiction—such as once al-
most disrupted this Government—growing out of
matters connected with this same tribe of Indians
in the State of Georgia, who afterwards removed to
the Territory of Kansas. Now, for the very pur-
pose of preventing the recurrence of such a stato
of things, the rights which this bill violates by its
terms were guarantied to those Indians by solemn
treaty stipulations.
I now ask the Clerk to turn to my report, and
read what I there say m reference to a violation of
these treaties with the Indians, so far as regards
the boundaries of their lands.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" But not only was tin- ecmstinuion of Kansas formed
anil sent here in disregard of tho law, but soiiir of its pro-
visions are m direct e.millet with treaty stipulations cnteiod
into liy the United Mute's.
" ' All treaties made, or which .shall ho made under the
authority of the United States, shall lie the supreme law of
the land, and the judges in every State shall be bound
thereby, anything in the constitution or laws ot any State
to the contrary notwithstandingso reads tile Constitution
of the United States. Now, let us examine the treaties of
the United States with the Indians owning a poitiou of
Kansas, and sec if Congress has the constitutional right to
admit Kansas into the Union inth the boundaries which s-lic
claims in the constitution which was formed 111 contempt
of our laws ami M:rit here lor our approval.
" In May, 1828, the United States made a treaty with a
portion ol the chiefs and head men of the Cherokee nation
of Indians, west of the Mississippi river, which ceded a por-
tion of the pioposed State of Kama* to the Cherokee^ lor
a { permanent home, and which shall, under the most solemn
guarantee ot the United States, he and remain theirs forever
—a home that shall never in all futuic tunc be embarrassed
by having extended around it the lines, or placed over it the
jurisdiction of a Territory or State, nor be pressed upon by
the extension in any way ot any of the limits of any exist-
ing Territory or State.*'
"In February, 3833, another tieaty was made by the;
United States with the same party of the Cherokee*, which
extended their lands in Kansas. On the y'Jth of .Decem-
ber, 1835, another treaty was made bv the United States
with the Cherokee*, by which they ajrioed for $3,000 000
to remove trom Georgia to their new country west ot Ar-
kansas and Missouri. In tins treaty the United States sold
to the Cheiokees eight handled thousand additional acres
of land lying ' east of the (.Kis^s,' and bordering on Mis-
souri < fifty miles,' for $500,000. (See second article ot
the treaty.) To understand the greatness of the country
owned by the Cherokee* in Kansas, the following extract
from the second aiticleof tho treaty is made. Tho lino de-
scribed is to the south and west ot the eight hundred thou-
sand acre tract: 'running thence with the western line of
Arkansas Territory, as now defined, to the southwest cor-
ner of Missouri; thencc along the western Missouri line to
the land assigned to the Senccas; thencc on fhe south-line
ol the Senecas to Grand river ; thence up said Grand river
as far as the south line of the Osage reservation extended,
if necessary; thence up and between said south Osage line,
extended west, if necessary, and a line drawn dim west
from the point of beginning to a certain distance west, at
which a line running north and south from said Osage line
to said due west line, will make seven million acres within
the whole described boundary.'"
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I now send to the
Clerk's desk, to be read, a letter from the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs in answer to a letter
addressed by mc to him, asking him what portion
of the Cherokee lands, which the United States
agreed should never be put within the limits of
any State or Territory, arid around which no line
of any State or Territory should extend without
their consent,were included in the proposed bound-
aries of the State of Kansas. I allege it as a fact,
in the report, and it is true, that the boundaries of
the State of Kansas, proscribed in this constitu-
tion, include a portion of country fifty miles long
by twenty-five miles wide, secured to the Indians
by solemn treaty..
Mv. GROW. I ask the gentleman if the bound-
aries contained in this bill, with reference to the
lands of the Cherokecs and other Indians, are not
just the same as those contained in the Lccomp-
ton bill of last Congress?
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. The gentleman
misunderstands my remarks. I allege that a
breadth of land fifty miles long by twenty-five
miles wide is taken by Kansas in violation of the
express terms of the three treaties made by the
United States, in which the United Status Gov-
ernment, in the most solemn form, said that these
lands, or any part thereof, should not be included
within the boundaries of any State or Territory;
nor should the jurisdiction of any State or Ter-
ritory be extended over them, in all time to come,
without the previous consent of the Indians.
Fearing that I might be deceived, after investi-
gating this question, I wrote to the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs upon the subject, and I received
an answer; which I ask the Clerk to read.
The Clerk read, aa follows:
DEPARTMENT OF THE iNTLltlOK,
Office Indian Affairs, JJpril-?, 1860.
Sir: I have the honor to state, in reply to the mquiiy
contained m j unr letter of the lit Instant, as to whethei tho
boundaries of tho proposed Stato of Kansas, as defined In
the VVwtndotte constitution, include any lands lie]ongni"to
the (Jheiokec nation of Indians, that said boundaiics as tle-
scribcd by jou.cmluacc that poition of the Cherokee lands
known a-; the " Neutral Tiaet," containing eight hundred
thousand acres,which was conveyed to them bythe tieaty*
ot 1835-36, and secured by the subsequent treotv of 1846.
(See Statutes at Large, vol. 7, p. 480; and vol. 0', p. 871.)
v cry icspcctfully, your obedient servant,
A. li. GREENWOOD, Commissioner.
Hon. John B. Clark, House of Representatives.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. That letter is a
verification of what is apparently examining the
treaties and laws, that that amount of land is under
the jurisdiction of Kansas, by the constitution be-
fore the House. The question first recurs, suppose
Kansas is admitted with herproposcd boundaries:
cannot the State of Kansas assert jurisdiction
over those Indians ? Cannot the State of Kansas,
by her organic act, cover by the operation of her
laws all the Indian country, and subjecting those
residing in that country to the operation of her
State laws? If she can—and no gentleman can
deny it—shall we not, by the admission of Kansas,
bo violating the plighted faith of the United States
with the Indians ? Are wc not violating the ex-
press terms of the treaties made in the mostsolcmn
form ?
_Mr. McCLERNAND. Do I understand my
friend from Missouri to take the position that the
treaty with the Indians comes in conflict with the
act organizing the Territory?
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. The treaty stipu-
lations come in conflict with the Wyandotte con-
stitution, for under itthenewStatc would exercise
unlimited sovereignty. The same question arose
m Georgia, and that was the very difficulty that
1 have been trying to avoid.
Mr. McCLJSRNAND. I ask whether, if a pro-
vision of the act of admission comes m conflict
with the provisions of a treaty, it is not void pro
tante ?
