202
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 5,
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Slavery Question—Mr, Lovejoy.
Ho. of Reps.
no power in the Constitution, as I have shown,
for either. Both are violative of the Constitu-
tion. But, sir, one who recognizes the wholesale
principle, as does the gentleman from Tennessee,
should, not be hostile to those who operate upon
a stnaller scale. He should remember that it is
the small lump of snow started from the mount-
ain peak which, gathering volumes in its march,
swells into the mighty dimensions of the ava-
lanche, which, in its resistless course, overwhelms
all beforeit.
But, sir, the gentleman was not content, in his
speech, to take the ground that Congress might,
by unfriendly legislation, attack the relations of
master and slave, but he determined, like a valor-
ous knight, to strike one more blow at his old po-
litical adversary, even if he himself should fall
beneath the shock. Hear him upon this point:
" All the teachings of the faithful in 1856 are now to be
regarded as so much bnsk; and I am now required by the
Democratic leaders of the section of country in which I
live, to say that Congress has plenary power over the Ter-
ritories, providedalways that that power shall bo exorcised
alone upon one side—[ laughter]—upon the southern side.
It, [the power of Congress,] according to modem Demo-
cratic teachings, can be exercised only in favor of the negro,
or rather, in favor of slavery in the Teiritones, and never
against slavery. That is now the reading of the cate-
chism !"
Now, sir, I ask, why this thrust at the South
and the Democratic party, because of their fidelity
to the Constitution and the constitutional rights
of every section ? And why should this thrust
come from a son of the South? Ho sees by every
daily paper, and by every telegraphic dispatch
that comes to us, that this Democratic party, to-
day, in all the northern States, is straining every
nerve, and rousing every energy of the great pub-
lic heart, in tesistance to the combined hosts of
fanaticism. They stand upon the Constitution;
they stand upon the doctrines of the Dred Scott
decision; they defend every right of every sec-
tion; and the battle they are fighting is the battle
of the Union. Shall a son of the South uphold
the arm of the foe in this fight? Shall his voice
cheer them in the struggle ? Shall we turn our
backs upon our friends 111 the northern and west-
ern States, as thoyare marshaling'themselves to
join with us in fighting the mighty issues involved
in the next presidential contest, upon which the
destiny of the Republic may turn? This speech
of the gentleman in that contest is thus to be used.
It will be quoted as an acknowledgment on the
part of a southern Representative, that (lie South
yields the principle, " that Congress has power to
exclude slavery from the Territories of the United
States." Against this X wish to enter my protest
in the name of the., free and brave sons of the
South whom I represent.
Mr. MALLORY. If my colleague will allow
me, I will state precisely how I understood the
gentleman from Tennessee. I understood him to
assert, that to acknowledge the power of Congress
to interfere in the Territories with the marriage
relation, in the case of white men, is tantamount
to acknowledging the power of Congress to inter-
fere in the Territories with the relation of marriage
between .blacks. He says, for instance, if you
pass this law*—punishing polygamy among the
white race in the Territories—you may pass a law
punishing polygamy, or promiscuous intercourse,
among the black race in the Territories. That I
understand to be the gist of his argument- I do
not agree in that position, but I understand that
to he his position; and I state it in order that my
colleague may agree with me in regard to his recol-
lection of it or not.
Mi. SIMMS. That was one of the arguments
or illustrations used, or put, by the gentleman
from Tennessee, to prove and enforce lus position;
but his position was, that the passage of this bill
was a concession of the power of Congress to in-
terfere with the institution of slavery in the Ter-
ritories. But, sir, there need be no mistake upon
this subject. The gentleman's speech is certainly
the best exposition of his views upon this inter-
esting question. I will read a few extracts re-
lating to this very point, and which will show
that I have not misstated the position of the gen-
tleman:
"Now, sir, what I shall hereafter say is not to be con-
stmed into an attack upon the bill. 1 repeat, 1 am for it,
sincerely so.'1 * * + * " I believe sincerely,
however, that whoever votes for this bill understanding^,
and with a knowledge of the congressional power involved
in passing it, that man will not be in a position hereafter
*to deny consistently that Congress, hy < unfriendly legisla-
tion' upon this and kindred subjects, may cripple slavery
in the Territories." * * * * " I put it to gen-
tlemen whether they'are not bound to admit that by the
passage of this bill they surrender, to a great extent, the
controverted question of the power of Congress over the
Territories ; or, rather, the power to reach slavery by ' un-
friendly legislation?'" * * * * "If Congress
should hereafter become perverse enough to attempt such
e unfriendly legislation,1 and make the application to slaves
in the organized Territories, I apprehend this bill will he
cited as a precedent for such' unfriendly legislation' against
slavery."
I will ask my honorable colleague if he belie ves
that Congress has power to interfere with or ex-
clude slavery from the Territories ?
Mr. MALLORY. I do not. I believe that
that question was settled by the decision of the
Supreme Court of the United States in the Dred
Scott case; and I subscribe to that position.
Mr. WELLS. I understand the Dred Scott
decision to be, not that a slave is not a citizen, but
that a negro of African descent—one whose an-
cestors were slaves, originally imported into this
country and held as slaves—that such a man, al-
though a freeman, although he may have been a
freeman all his life, is not a citizen of the United
States. Now, I wish to ask the gentleman from
Kentucky this question: whether the Congress of
the United States has not a right to prohibit po-
lygamy amongst the negroes in Utah?
Mr. SIMMS. Not without there were laws in
existence recognizing or legalizing the marriage
relation between persons of African-descont. Un-
less there were such laws legalizing such relation,
they could not come within the provisions of this
act, or the powers of Congress over the subject.
I know of no such law in any State, though there
may bo such laws. I am informed by the dis-
tinguished gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Mill-
son,] that there is such a law in his State. This
would present the question in a different light.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I should
like to ask the gentleman from Kentucky a ques-
tion. When a piecc of property commits murder
ill one of the Territories, what is to be done with
the propei ty ?
Mr. SIMMS, John Brown it, sir; and add
another to the sanctified list of abolition martyrs,
to adorn northern temples, ami preside as patron
saints over abolition churches; so that they may
pray, and realize their prayer—"that their last
end mav be like his."
Mr. Speaker, my time is about to expire, and
I wish to add one other word in reference to this
measure. Although I shall vote for this bill, I am
satisfied that it cannot be effectual in every rcspcct
in reaching and punishing this crime in the Ter-
ritory of Utah, bccauso of insuperable difficulties
existing in tho very nature of things and society
there. There is no power in this Government to
deprive the citizen of Utah of tho right of trial
by jury, and the right to be confronted with his
accusers and the witnesses against him. This
right is one of his reserved rights under the Con-
stitution. If tried atall, lie must be tried before a
jury, and in the district where lie lives. This jury
and grand jury must necessarily bo composed of
Mormons, who are all, like the offender, guilty of
tho crime of polygamy or bigamy. To pronounce
upon his guilt would bo to lay themselves liable
to the same accusation and punishment. Will
they do it? They do not recognize the obligations
of our religion, or the oaths that are made sacred
by it. They do not even recognize allegiance to
our Federal Government. They have set up for
themselves; they stand in opposition to both.
How, then, is this law to bo executed ? The law
is right in principle, but how is it to be made ef-
fectual ? I can see but one way, and that points
to a division of thatTerritory, and a repeal of the
organic act, whereby their power may be divided,
and they may be brought within the popular con-
trol of citizens of the United Spates who will exe-
cute this law. Still, as I have before said, this
bill is right in principle. It is a step in the right
direction. The abominations of that people arc
insufferable; they are offensive to the moral sense
of the Christian world. I will ask the Clerk to
read an extract from aletter, dated Camp Floyd,
February 15.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"Tlie Mormon church asserts its independence of all
earthly Governments, exercises all the attributes of sover-
eignty, and yields no obedience to th(?laws of the United
States. The church holds all power, and claims implicit
obedience, iirigham Young is the head of the church.
" The Mormons take as many wives as they please. For
ten dollars a man may get married; and for the same sum
he can get divorced. Brigham and the probate judges do a
lucrative business. A Mormon elder has his half sister (his
mother's daughter) for a wife. A Mormon bishop has four
nieces (the daughters of his own brother) for wives. He
has other wives. It is not uncommon for a Mormon to take
a mothei and daughter, or daughters, for wives, and it is
quite common for them to have, at the same time, several
sisters for wives."
Mr. SIMMS. Sir, can this state of things ex-
ist in one of the Territories of the United States?
Is this abomination, that has brought the land of
the Orient to ruin and imbecility, to be ingrafted
upon our institution ? Is this cancer to fester and
feed upon the vitals of our nation until the whole
shall become rotten and corrupt, and shall stink
in the moral nostrils of the Christian world? Never,
sir! It were, better that, that Territory were a
howling wildenftss, or inhabited alone by savage
tribes, who, living ignorant of their obligations to
society, to their country, and to God, have no
laws to govern them, than that men, understand-
ing all these,and who should be influenced byall,
mock them, spit upon them, and violate them.
So strong arc my convictions of the high public
necessity of crushing this enormity in its infancy;
of bruising tho head of this moral serpent that is
coiling itself about the very vitals of the nation,
and which is soiling with its slime the otherwise
spotless ermine of our national escutcheon, that
could it be reached in no other way, and were that
way possible, I would vote to blot the very Ter-
ritory itself, in which it exists, from the map of
the Republic.
SLAVERY QUESTION.
SPEECH OF HON. OWEN LOVEJOY,
01' ILLINOIS, p
In the House of Representatives,
April 5, 1860.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. LOVEJOY said:
Mr. Chairman: The Plouse has been occupied
for several days i n the discussion of the subject of
polygamy. The Republican party, of which'I am a
member, stands pledged since 1856 to the exterm-
ination, so far as the Federal Government has
the power, of the twin relics of barbarism, slavery
and polygamy. They have this power in the
Territories of the United States.
Now, sir, as we anticipate a death blow has
been given to one of these twins, I propose to pay
my rcspects to the other. I want to sec them both
strangled and go down together, as they both rich-
ly deserve.
Mr. COBB. I rise to a question of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will state
his question of order.
Mr. COBB. I was going to raise a question of
order upon the right of the gentleman to discuss
the question of the " twin relics," under the ndw
rule we have adopted. However, I will ispt inter-
fere; the gentleman may go on with his specch.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I am entitled to the floor; I
do not yield to the gentleman; and I will proceed
with my remarks within my hour, with the gen-
tleman's permission, or without it.
Mr. STANTON. I would be glad to know
what is the understanding of the Chair, and of
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, as to what is to be the course of discus-
sion upon this bill, whether the " twin relics" are
in order or not, or whether the discussion is to be
confined to the bill itself? The questions properly
involved in the bill itself are sufficiently compre-
hensive, in my judgment, to command the entire
attention of the committee, and I think we should
confine the discussion strictly to it. When we are
all in the Committee of the Whole on the state of
Union upon tho President's message, the gentle-
man from Illinois will be strictly in order. I have
no special interest about the matter, except that,
if the question is to be opened to this general dis-
cussion, I am afraid the whole time will be taken
up with it, and the important subjects connected
with the bill itself overlooked.
