2ms
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 4,
a day for its consideration. I should be very glad j
tojiave it made the special order for some early \
day. This bill has already been partly discussed.
Mr. BRIGHT. If the Senator from Maryland
will allow me to make a suggestion to him, I thinlc
it is unnecessary to make it a special order. We
have seen, for the last two weeks, that special or-
ders are disregarded entirely by the Senate. We
might have some informal understanding that we
should take up this bill during the week. I sug-
gest to him to withdraw his motion for the pres-
ent, and let us get through with morning business.
Mr, CAMERON. Before the Senator with-
draws his motion, 1 want to say a word.
Mr, KENNEDY. I move to make it a special
order for next Wednesday.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Pennsylvania addresses the Chair. Does the Sen-
ator from Maryland yield?
Mr. KENNEDY. Yes, sir.
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to say that this bill
will not pass without a great deal of discussion.
The subject is not understood, and I intend to
make the Senate understand it. This railroad of
which the gentleman speaks is now making a
complete barrier between the North and the South.
1 shall deem it my duty to make the thing as plain
as possible, and convince Senators on tile other
side that this company are asking a great deal
more tlnxn the Senator from Maryland anticipates.
I do not believe that company are careless about
getting this route. I know they are very anxious
for it, and I know, besides, that they arc much
more interested than anybody else. I wdlffive
an instance now of the power they exercise. The
Pennsylvania Company carry coal to Baltimore
for from a cent and a quarter to a cent and a half
a ton; but having reached Baltimore, these people
refuse to carry it for less than three cents a ton;
thus adding sixty cents a ton to the price of coal
consumed in Washington. I mention this as one
reason which justifies me in saying that this sub-
ject must be discussed fully.
Mr. KENNEDY. I have only to say, in re-
ply to the remarks of the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania, that if we can get this bill to a discussion,
1 desire to take notico of some remarks the hon-
orable Senator submitted when the bill was under
consideration before; and i think 1 can show to
the Senate that, in all the candor for which that
gentleman is so remarkable,he has notstated the
case as fairly as it might have boor presented to
the Senate. I think the objections that hem god i
will be seen to be entirely of a selfish and per- '
sonal diameter. j
Mr. CAMERON. I will not say that the Jion- j
orable SenatorTrom Maryland is urged by self- j
ishness; 1 do not say that of any Senator; but I j
am peifectly willing to be called selfish when I |i
am speaking fur the interests of my constituents,
of the country, and the State which I represent.
The VICE-PRESIDENT. The question laon
the motion to take up tins bill.
The motion was not agreed to.
JOHN W. TAYLOR.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the Senate take
up the bill H. R. No. 284. it will occupy no
time. It has been approved by the Secretary of i
the Interior, the Commissioner of the General '
Land Office, and both the Land Committees of
Congress.
Mr. MASON. I hope we shall be allowed to
get through with morning business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion of the Senator Aom lown, to take up
the bill (H. R. No. 281) for the relief of John
W. Taylor, and certain other assignees of pre-
emption land locations.
Mr. MASON. I have a petition to present,
which 1 have had for several days, and have as
yet been unable to present to the Senate.
Mr. HARLAN. I will give way for that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Iowa yields the floor. The Chair will state now,
that at this period of the session^ it is very uncci- i
tain whether he will get it agaim I
Air. HARLAN. Then I insist on my motion; !
and I hope the Senate will take up the bill.
Mr. MASON, I hope'it will not be taken up.
The motion was not agreed to.
aktjiur edwards's veto message.
Mr. YULEE. If it be agreeable to the Senate
I ask them to permit me now to takfiup the veto
message in the case of Arthur Edwards, in order
that it may be disposed of. It. probably will not
occupy two minutes beyond the time necessary
for the yeas and nays, which are required by the
Constitution.
Mr. TOOMBS. I move to take up the bill for
the settlement of the Houmas claim.
Mr. YULEE. I was under the impression
that the Senate had agreed to permit me to dis-
pose of this veto message.
Mr. TOOMBS. You can do that any time.
Just let me take up this bill. It has been de-
bated, and I suppose the Senate is ready for a
vote.
Mr. YULEE. I yield.
IIOUMAS LAND GRANT.
Mr. TOOMBS. I now move to take up the
Houmas land grant.
Mr. YULEE. To accommodate the wish of
the Senator, I withdraw my motion.
Mr. BAYARD. I should think it would be
hardly advisable to take up now the bill referred
to by the Senator from Georgia. It must lead to
debate. I will say for myself that, without en-
tering into the question of title, I considei that the
bill involves a very grave question of constitu-
tional law. 1 am aware that the honorable sen-
ator from Georgia differs from me. It must lead
to discussion. I am entitled to-the floor on it.
To what extent the discussion will go, I cannot
say. The session is drawing to its close, though
when it will end,! cannot now say. I do not see
that there can be any haidship to any one, or any
injury to any one if the bill be not disposed of
at the present session: and for this reason: by the
terms of a joint resolution passed by Congress at
the last session, no further action can be taken
under the present law by the executive depart-
ment m issuing a patent or any other step until
the end of this Congress. That is the express
order of the resolution. Therefore it can harm
no one if the bill should be delayed until the next
session. Considering the press of business on us,
as this is a private bill, though it involves a grave
question, 1 think it the wiser policy n^t to act
lurther on it at this session. I think we had bet-
ter go on with appropriation bills and other busi-
ness, instead of ai tempting to dispose of this mat-
ter at the present session, as the joint resolution
prevents any injury to anybody until the end of
this Congress.
Mr. TOOMBS. I could not hear the Senator
from Delaware, but this matter came by petition
before the last Congress. Then it was said to be
too late to act on it; and Congress passed a joint
resolution suspending the action of the low of
1 58 until the end of the present Congress, that
there might be time for deliberate action. The
matter came uj} eaily this session; I think it vias
as long as six weeks before the committee, who
very diligently and laboriously inquired into it.
It has been debated by gentlemen who thoroughly
understood it, at least on the other side. I think
that having been debated, and being here, as it
concerns a very large body of people, it is due to
them, it is due to the subject, that it should be
taken up and acted on now. I must, therefore,
insist on the motion that the bill be taken up. If
we cannot gel through with it this morning, let
it go over until to-morrow morning; and let us
take it up then and dispose of it. It is a great
deal better to take up a case that stands as this
does, than to take up other merely personal and
private matters, as we are in the habit of doing.
This bill concerns a large class of people—it is
said in the memorial five hundred families—con-
sisting probably of at least twenty-five hundred
persons. Inasmuch as they have been here for
two Congresses, asking action on this question,
and as their lights will pass away with the expira-
tion of this Congress, 1 think it calls loudly for
action. It has been already debated, and it should
be decided.
Air. BAYARD. I ennnot see still that there is
any necessity for this action now. The resolution
of the last session provides that no further action,
under the law proposed to be repealed, shall take
place until the end of this Congress. Now, I
think it involves a grave question. I do not think
we have the power to repeal that law. That ques-
tion leads to discussion. The honorable Senator
says it has been discussed. Agreed ; no doubt of
it; it has been ably discussed by him and by oth-
ers. . I can say for myself that I never even read
the report; I knew'nothmg of the facts of the case
until the day when the discussion came up; and
after reading U, and considering the matter, I ar-
rived at the conclusion, (irrespective entirely of
the question of title, which I did not go into,) that
it was not within our constitutional power to pass
the bill recommended by the select committee. I
consider it. a confiscation of private property. I
may be wrong; but I want to be heard on the
question, and I think it likely that others may
want to be heard. I do not think myself there is
any necessity for pressing it now. 1 am'sure the
Seriate has a great deal of business before it to
acton; and we are drawing to the close of the ses-
sion. However, ii is a question for the pleasure
of the Senate; if they w^sli to take it up, it is not
for me to say no.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on a
division—ayes 28, noes 7.
The Senate accordingly resumed, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, the consideration of the bill
(S. No. 307) to repeal the second section and
other portions of an act passed the 2d of June,
1858,entitled "An act to provide for the location
of certain confirmed private land claims in the
State of Missouii, and for other purposes;" and
also to provide for the final settlement of certain
private land claims in the State of Louisiana.
Mr. POLK. 1 am disposed to vote for the bill
as reported by the special committee; but I move
first to amend it by striking out all after the first
section.
Mr. TOOMBS. All I have to say is, that the
first scction repeals a portion of the act of 1858,
and leaves the mutter where it stood when that
act was passed. The other sections were put in
with a view of bringing this matter to some end;
but I am willing to strike out the second section,
and leave the parties to their rights under the act
of 1811. I thought it was due to the parties hav-
ing their interests involved that they should have
some means to give them a rightof action. That
was the object; and I am not solicitous about
anything except that the second section of the
act of 1858 be repealed, and let these people all
stand where they should—before the tribunals of
the country. But as the Government for forty
or fifty yeais has not confirmed this title, and I
think ought not to do it, the second and third sec-
tions of the hill were put in with a view of en-
abling these parties, like the holders of imperfect
grants under the act of 1844, to sue the Govern-
ment. If you repeal the second section of the act
of 1858, and so much of the third section as ap-
plies to the second section,! am perfectly content.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The amendment offered by
the Senator from Missouri is absolutely neces-
sary, if the bill is passed at all. The second sec-
tion of this bill brings into litigation a vast number
of private land claims in the State of Louisiana,
the titles of which certainly it cannot be the in-
tention to bring into litigation. If Senators will
j read the second and third seetionsof this bill,they
will find that they amount to an libsolute confis-
cation of a large number of private land claims in
the State of Louisiana for the benefit of the Gov-
ernment. It is not confined to this matter in dis-
pute; but goes back to the whole report of the
year 1811, and declares the whole of the planta-
tions which are comprehended in that report to be
now public lands, unless the owners of them sue
for them in two years—plantations, many of
which have been confnmed by this Government
directly, for near half a century.
jVJr."TOOMBS. I will only state, as I stated
before, that as to all these cases the report of the«
Land Office is that they were confirmed, and are
not affected by this bill. 1 say, however, that I
have no objection to the o mendment which repeals
a portion of the act of 1858, putting all these
people where they were when that act was passed.
Air. POLK. I understand there will be no ob-
jection to striking out the second and third sec-
tions, because that will put these parties, as the
Senator from Georgia says, where they were be-
fore.
Air. BAYARD. Mr. President  
Air. BENJAA1IN. I ask my friend from Dela-
ware to .let the vote be taken on the amendment
of the Senator from Missouri, before making any
remarks r
Mr. BAYARD. What is the amendment pro-
