1644
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
the people for whom they are enacted, and they
must be obeyed. Good government requires it;
personal safety requires it; the dignity and charac-
ter of the law-making power demand it. This law
—not two years old—enacted for the government
of the Territory of Kansas, has been violated; and
its violation is claimed as a merit, because it is
said that it was contrary to equity and to the rights
of Kansas.
Sir, the time has passed when such an argu-
ment could be used. It might have been a good
argument against the enactment of the law; but it
was enacted, and it ought to be and must be
obeyed. It has been violated.
Mr, McCLERNAND. Allow mc to say a
word on that point, as I do not propose to make
a speech upon this bill. The gentleman accuses
the people of Kansas of default, and seeks to hold
them responsible for the consequences of the de-
fault. The prior question arises whether the
people of Kansas are in default in respect to this
matter of taking the census.
Now, sir, I put this question to my friend, who
has examined this question very thoroughly:
whether it was not incumbent upon the Federal
authorities to have taken a census of Kansas; or
whether, if the Federal authorities failed to tafte
such census, they are not at default, and the peo-
ple of Kansas lelieved from any responsibility
upon the subject?
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I will answer that
question, because the gentleman who propounds
it is a gentleman entitled to great respect, and
because it is a question that ought to be answered.
1 say that the Federal authorities are not in de-
fault, and for the following reasons: the Con-
gress of the United States prescribed that the
people of Kansas should take a ccnsus. Kansas
was then an organized Territory, and had its
machinery of government. 1 am answered by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Grow,] that
the Federal authorities did not do their duty.
Well, sir, I have nothing to say about that. I
did not have the appointing power.
Mr. GROW. If the gentleman will allow me,
I do not think the act requires the people of Kan-
sas to take a census. The act provides that it shall
be shown by ccnsus.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. It says by ccnsus
legally taken.
Mr. GROW. Legally taken, but not by the
people of Kansas.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. Yes, sir, by the
people of Kansas. They constitute the authority
which could legally and properly take the census
of that Territory, and it was their duty to have it
taken if they wished to apply for admission into
the Union us a State. The Legislature of the Ter-
ritory had full power to make the necessary pro-
visions for taking the census. The policy of the
Government has been to allow the people of the
Territories to manage their own affairs in their
own way, so far as appertains to rightful subjects
of legislation; and when Congress prescribes that
a certain thing shall be done before a Territory
may come into the Union as a State, it is the
right and the duty of the people of that Territory
to take such action as is required by Congress
before making application for admission into the
Union as a State.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I think the gentleman
from Missouri is m error in saying that it was the
duty of the territorial government of Kansas to
have a census taken; I think it was the duty of the
Federal Government.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. If the gentleman
will examine the records, he will find that the his-
tory of this country does not furnish an instance
where the taking of a census preparatory to the
admission of a State into the Union was not done
by the territorial government itself.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. If the gentleman
from Missouri will allow me, I desire to say one
word in regard to the position that the Federal
Government was bound to take the census of the
people of Kansas. Admitting the power of the
Federal Government to take that census, I ask the
gentleman from Illinois how it could know- that
the people of Kansas wanted a constitution, or
wanted a convention? They must ask it, certainly,
or the Federal Government was notbound to take
any action in the matter.
Air. McCLERNAND. I ask the gentleman
whether he holds that the authority of Congress
to take a census in the Territory of Kansas de-
pended upon obtaining the prior assent of the peo-
ple of that Territory ?
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I
cannot allow that kind of discussion to go on.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I will answer the
gentleman from Illinois with great pleasure, if the
gentleman from Missouri will give me an oppor-
tunity.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Stanton in
the chair.) The Chair supposes it is hardly reg-
ular for one gentleman to call up another, and ask
him a question during the speech of still another
gentleman.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I am obliged to
the Chair for protecting mc in my rights.
Now, sir, I was proceeding to argue that the
people in the Territory of Kansas have violated the
law in the first instance in not ascertaining that
there was sufficient population, and if such be the
fact, in not presenting it in a legal form to Congress
for its information; and, in the second place, that
this bill violates, upon the part of the United States,
the obligations of a treaty which, by the Consti-
tution of the United States, is made the supreme
law of the land. Kansas cannot be admitted with
the boundaries specified in this bill without a
violation of the plighted faith of this nation.
I will now answer the question asked a few
minutes ago by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Morris,] whether I did not vote for the admission
of Oregon. I did. The gentleman asks, further,
what evidence I had that Oregon contained a suf-
ficientpopulation. I will proceed to give the gen-
tleman my reasons, as I gave them at the time, in
my speech upon the subject—which I ask the
gentleman to read, because it contained facts which
lean nowonlyrepcatfrom memory. Sir,Oregon
and Kansas were permitted, by the provisions of
a bill which passed through this House, in the
nature of an enabling act, to form constitutions
and State governments preparatory to admission
into the Union. Oregon formed her constitution
under that authority, and Kansas proceeded to
form the Lecompton constitution under the same
authority. Kansas was admitted with that con-
stitution,upon certain conditions, which were re-
ferred back to the people for their acceptance.
The people of Kansas refused to accept the con-
ditions prescribed, and therefore remained in their
territorial condition. Oregon claimed admission
here with a constitution made under the same
circumstances; and she had the right to claim it,
because she was invited by the act which passed
this House to form her constitution. Kansas
refused to accept the terms of her admission, for
reasons which 1 need not detain the House to
give. Some gentlemei/say that it was because
the provisions of the English bill did violence to
the will of the people of Kansas. But, sir, I will
not argue that question now.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania, the chair-
man of 1 he Committee on Territories, [Mr. Grow,]
m the Thirty-Fourth Congress, when the bill was
before the House to enable the people of Oregon
to form a constitution and State government, stated
upon the floor of the House that he had investi-
gated the subject thoroughly, and was satisfied
that Oregon had then more than one hundred
thousand people. Well, sir, 1 read the speech of
the gentleman; he was then the leader of the
House upon the subject of the Territories, and
was well informed upon that subject—a mar? of
known veracity, whose testimony no one would
question when given upon the floor of Congress;
and that was the evidence he gave upon this sub-
ject. To that I can add also the evidence of the
i Delegate from thatTerritory—now Senator Lane
' —who stated, upon the floor of the House, in my
mesencc, and in the presence of the House, that
he, upon his authority as a gentleman, asserted
that there were at least ninety-four thousand peo-
ple there. In addition to that, I had the evidence
of the gentleman sent from that new-State as a
Representative in this House, (Mr. Grover,) that
the population of Oregon was not less than one
hundred thousand. I had all this evidence from
gentlemen who were right from that Territory.
But, sir, my vote upon that bill was not controlled
by that, as my speech made at the time will show,
Oregon, 1 contended, had the right to come in
under the ordinance of 1787, The organic act of
the Territory extended to it all the rights and priv-
ileges granted to the Territory of the Northwest;
and one of those privileges was, that when she
had sixty-four thousand inhabitants—then fehe
ratio of apportionment—she should be entitled to
come into the Union. Oregon had, therefore, only
to show that she had a population of sixty-four
thousand—I speak in round numbers—to be en-
titled to admission into the Union by the terms of
her organic act. All these questions I then dis-
cussed, upon a fresh examination, with much
more accuracy than I can now pretend to do.
These, then, I say to the gentleman from Illi-
nois, were the reasons why I voted for the admis-
sion of Oregon. But, sir, the same reasons do
not apply to Kansas. The people of Oregon were
a loyalpeople; they obeyed the instructions of the
Federal Government. Oregon sought not to con-
tend with and asperse the Government of which
she sought to become a part. Oregon stood not
out in defiance of the provisions of the laws of
Congress; her people were law-and-order people.
Oregon came before this House in obedience to
law. Kansas stands here to-day in disobedience
and violation of the laws of the country. Oregon
brought strong evidence that she contained the
requisite population. Kansas presents no evi-
dence whatever to this House, in an official form,
of her population.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PENDLETON. Mr. Speaker, I intend
to vote for this bill, and that vote, in my judg-
ment, will be entirely consistent with the vote
which I gave two years ago in favor of the Kan-
sas conference bill. That bill proposed that the
people of Kansas should determine, by a popular
vote, whether they would come into the Union
with the Lecompton constitution as the organic
act of the new State. It provided further, that in
case the people should decline to be admitted, the
assent of Congress should be given for the forma-
tion of a new State, and another application for
admission, whenever the population of the Terri-
tory should reach the number necessary for a
Representative upon this floor. It also provided
that, in order to ascertain whether that population
was in the Territory, a census should be duly
and legally taken. Now, sir, the main fact, the
controlling fact, whose existence was to be a con-
dition precedent to the assent of Congress, was
the number of people.
The means by which it was to be ascertained,
the method by which we were to know whether
or not the population reached a certain number,
was secondary. The bill provided a method, and
perhaps the best method, but certainly not the
only method, by which that fact could be ascer-
tained. If the fact existed, and it were ascer-
tained by competent evidence—evidence satisfac-
tory to the mind of a legislator—the essential
requirement of the bill was complied with; and
I think any lawyer will say so, upon the ordi-
nal y rules for construing statutes, as they are
applied in every court of the country every day
of the year.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Will the gentleman allow
me to read a clause of the English bill?
Mr. PENDLETON. Certainly, sir.
Mr. BARKSDALE. In the act of 4th of May,
1858, there is this provision:
aTJie people of said Territory are hereby authorized
and empowered to form for themselves a constitution and
State government, by the name of the State of Kansas, ae-
eoidmg to the Federal Constitution ; and may elect dele-
gates tor that purpose whenever, and not before, it i« ascer-
tained byacensua duly and legally taken that the population
of said Tcmtoiy equals or exceeds the ratio of representa-
tion required for a member of the House of Representatives
of the Congress of the United States."
Now, sir, what is the plain and obvious mean-
ing of that language ? That a census should be
taken according to law passed by competent au-
thority. I understand that a ccnsus has been
taken in Kansas under a law passed by the Ter-
ritorial Legislature of that Territory. I admit,
then, that so far as the provision of the English
bill is concerncd, which requires that a census
shall be taken, it has been complied with. And,
sir, I understand, from the returns of that census,
there are but little more than sixty thousand in-
habitants in the Territory. But if Kansas be
admitted into the Union as a State under the
Wyandotte constitution, it will be done m direct
violation of this provision of the English bill,
which declares, in unequivocal terms, that she
shall not be admitted until she has a population
of ninety-three thousand.
