1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1645
Mr. PENDLETON. Mr. Speaker, an answer
to the objections of the gentleman from Missis-
sippi, would comprise pretty much all I have to
sayonthe subject. I intend, before I getthrough,
to give what I .deem a satisfactory answer to the
suggestion made by the gentleman from Missis-
sippi, and which necessarily occurred to my mind
in considering this question.
Mr. ADRAIN. Let me put a question to the
fentleman from Kansas, [Mr. Parhott.] I want
im to tell this House what is the present popu^
lation of Kansas ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that it
is hardly in order for a gentleman to rise up, in-
terrupt the member who has the floor, and call up
another member in reply to an inquiry.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I hope there will be no
objection'to the interruption. I desire that all
the facts shall be presented to the House. The
gentleman from Ohio does not object, I am sure.
The SPEAKER Does the gentleman from
Ohio yield?
Mr. PENDLETON". I do not object to the
interruption. •
Mr.PARROTT. Ipropose to address the House
upon this question. When I get the floor, I will
answer the gentleman from New Jersey fully.
Mr. ADRAIN. Will not the gentleman be good
enough to give us an answer now?
Mr. BARKSDALE. Has not a census been
ordered by the Legislature of Kansas?
Mr. PARROTT. Yes, sir.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire to know what is
the population of Kansas under the returns of that
census?
Mr. PARROTT. I decline to answer now.
When I get the floor, I will give the House all
the information I have upon the subject.
Mr. BARKSDALE. My information is, that
under that census there are about sixty thousand
people in Kansas.
Mr. PENDLETON. I make no objection to
these interruptions. 1 stated, when I was inter-
rupted by them, that the main fact to be determ-
ined was the number of the population of Kan-
sas; and that the method of determining the number
was secondary only. I think that that is a fair in-
terpretation of the law which the gentleman from
Mississippi has read. I think all lawyers will
agree that that is the fair interpretation of the
law. If the fact is satisfactorily and conclusively
established, it is immaterial whether we establish
it by the taking of a census, or by. any other
means.
But, Mr. Speaker, if this were not so—and I
call the attention of the gentleman from Missis-
sippi [Mr. Barksdale] to what I am about to say
—I find, upon examination of the records of Con-
gress, that in December, 1858, the President; in
his annual message, recommended that an appro-
priation be made for the purpose of taking this
very census. I find that the Secretary of the In-
terior, in the estimates which he submitted, re-
ported an estimate of §20,000 for that purpose.
Yet, sir, the Committee of Ways and Means of
this House chose to ignore those recommenda-
tions, and to report the appropriation bills with-
out that item. No member of this House, not
even the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Clark,]
thought it worth his while, or that the taking of
the census was of sufficient importance to justify
him in moving an amendment, or introducing an
original bill, making the appropriation.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. The recommenda-
tion of the President was with reference to the
next apportionment, and had no reference to the
framing of a constitution for the admission of
Kansas.
Mr. PENDLETON. On the contrary,I think,
from a casual reading of the President's message
during this session, that that recommendation was
made for the purpose of determining the question
whether or not the population of Kansas was
sufficient to justify her admission under the con-
ference bill. The appropriation bills which were
reported to the House without this appropriation,
in disregard of the recommendation of the Presi-
dent and of the Secretary of the Interior, went to
the Senate, and there, sir, the Committee on Fi-
nance recommended that an appropriation of
$20,000 be made for the purpose of taking this very
census. It was voted into the bill by the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, without a single
dissent. Upon the next day, however, when
the amendment came up before the Senate for its
concurrence it was voted out with almost equal
unanimity, the yeas and nays not having been
called; and that, too, in the face of a declaration,
made by a Democratic Senator from my State, that
the rejection of the amendment under the circum-
stances, would be considered, and ought to be con-
sidered a waiver upon the part of Congress of that
clause of the conference bill which required a
census to be taken.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Admitting the facts stated
by the gentleman from Ohio 
Mr. PENDLETON. Not just n9w.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I only want to refer to a
mere question of fact.
Mr. PENDLETON. I do not desire to be
discourteous. Go on.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Admitting the facts stated
by the gentleman from Ohio, I state again, that
for the purpose of holding a convention to frame
a state constitution, my information is—and I be-
lieve it to be correct—that a census has been taken.
Mr. PENDLETON. I admit the fact, and I
will come to it in a moment.
Mr. BARKSDALE. And that the population
of Kansas amounts to' little more than sixty thou-
sand, according to the returns of that census. If,
then, Kansas should be received into the Union
under the Wyandotte constitution, it would be in
clear and palpable violation of the act of 1858,
which provides that a constitution shall not be
framed by the people of Kansas until that Terri-
tory shall have a population of ninety-three thou-
sand, and that fact duly and legally ascertained.
Mr. PENDLETON. 1 will answer the sug-
gestion of the gentleman in a moment; and if he
will be kind enough to allow me to proceed, I will
be obliged to him.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Mt friend from Ohio is
aware thatl would not,undcrany circumstances,
be discourteous to him.
Mr. PENDLETON. Of course not. I was
about to say that the statement of the Senator from
Ohio upon the rejection of that amendment was
right. I think it was a waiver of the census, and I
think it was intended to be a waiver of the cen-
sus, for I cannot believe that the Congress of the
United States would insist upon a census as a con-
dition precedent to the admission of a State, when
they refused to appropriate the necessary amount
of money for taking it. I consider that, by the
non-action of this House and the action of the
other House, the census has been waived by Con-
gress itself.
This brings ftie to the consideration of the ques-
tion of the population of Kansas. In the month of
June, 1859, a census was taken under territorial au-
thority—a census imperfect, incomplete, and un-
reliable, as I shall show to the House. I find that
from the six counties of Clay, Dickinson, McGee,
Osage, Wilson, and Dorn, there were no returns
at all; and yet it appears, from investigation made
by a committee of the Territorial Legislature of
last winter, that in the least populous of those
counties there are a hundred and fifty voters and
nearly six hundred people. From the county of
Riley there were no returns, and yet the same
investigation shows that the county of Riley hail
more than six hundred and fifty voters and three
thousand people. In many of the most populous
counties of that Territory returns were only made
from portions of the townships, the rest being
omitted entirely. A notable instance occurs in
the county of Doniphan, where the returns are
from four townships only, and show that there
are eleven hundred and odd voters and thirty-five
hundred people, while it is notorious, established
beyond reasonable question, that the voting pop-
ulation of that county reaches nearly two thou-
sand, and the actual population nearly eight thou-
sand. In other counties, where returns appear
to be in full, where the returns profess to be from
every portion of the county, the returns are no-
toriously too small. The county of Leavenworth
is returned as having a population of twelve thou-
sand one hundred ana twenty-two, when it is
perfectly certain, and admitting of no more doubt
than that the city of Washington contains a pop-
ulation of twenty thousand, that the city of Leav-
enworth alone contains a population of twelve
thousand, and that the county outside of the city
contains four thousand more.
Now, sir, this census, unreliable, incomplete,
and partial, as I have shown it to be, reports
more than seventy-one thousand seven hundred
people in the Territory. If you add to that num-
ber the population of counties not returned at all,"
of townships not returned at all, and the popula-
tion of cities, townships, and counties but par-
tially and imperfectly returned, you will find tliat
the population will not fall far short of the popu-
lation estimated by the chairman of the Committee
on Territories—one hundred arid ten" thousand.
But 1 find it stated in the report of the Commit-
tee on Territories that the vote upon the adoption
of the Wyandotte constitution reached seven,teen
thousand. I have seen the vote stated at less;
but that is immaterial, inasmuch as the Delegate
from Kansas himself, whose accuracy is vouched
for by the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Clark ,]
and in which I would place implicit reliance, has
stated to me that at his election, which was held
last November, the vote cast was more than
seventeen thousand. Sir, that is an enormous vote.
It shows that the population is greater than is
necessary for a Representative upon this floor.
There arc but few gentlemen here who represent
seventeen thousand voters. There are but few
districts in the country which have a population
sufficient to cast that vote.
Mr. GROW. Will the gentleman allow me to
state a fact in that respect, forlliavegorie through
an examination of the returns ? There are one
hundred and fifty-three congressional districts
which polled less than that number of votes.
Mr. PENDLETON. I also went through the
returns, and I found that in the States of Vermont,
Massachusetts, Rhode Island, Virginia, Florida,
Maryland, North Carolina, Kentucky, Georgia,
Alabama, Mississippi, and.Oregon, there is not a
single district that casts seventeen thousand, votes.
The gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Webster]
says I am wrong as to his State. I think I am
not. I did not so' read the returns. The State of
New York has eleven districts larger; the State
of Pennsylvania has two; the State of Ohio, seven;
the State of Missouri, three; and the State of
Tennessee, one. In all the States south of the
Potomac there are not half a dozen districts which
have a voting population of seventeen thousand,
even if you exclude two thousand as the proper re-
duction on account of the application of the three-
fifths rule.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Will the gentleman allow
me to make a suggestion ? Taking the facts stated
by the gentleman as true, another fact is well
known—that the relative voting population of a
Territory is always proportionally greater than
the voting population of a State. And this applies
with peculiar force to Kansas; forupon the organ-
ization of that Territoryi'and down until within
a very recent period, it has been the scene of law-
lessness, violence, and bloodshed.
Mr. PENDLETON. I admit that the voters
and the population in a Territory do not bear the
same relative proportion as in a State; but I say
that if you find in Kansas a voting population of
more than seventeen thousand, you will find an
actual population there of at least ninety-three
thousand two hundred.
Mr. BARKSDALE, But in the Territory of
Kansas it is well known that there are few fam-
ilies, and that the population consists mainly of
voters.
Mr. ASHMORE. I wish to state one fact in
reference to South Carolina. If you apply the
three-fifths rule, my district has more than seven-
teen thousand voters.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I hope the gentle-
man will be allowed to proceed without inter-
ruption.
Mr. PENDLETON. I .am very much obliged
to the gentleman from Virginia for his suggestion.
But, with his permission, when gentlemen in-
terrupt me, I shall exercise my own discretion
whether I will submit to be interrupted or not.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I believe I have a
right to interpose my objection.
Mr. PENDLETON. Certainly.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. And although I
threw out the suggestion in courtesy, I wish the
gentleman to understand that 1 know how to ap-
preciate his comment and reply.
Mr. PENDLETON. The gentleman can ex-
ercise his right by a peremptory objection; but
when he makes a suggestion, by which he is to
interpose himself as a protection between me and
those who desire to interrupt me, I shall endeavor
