626
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
tlons as possible to the proposed scheme of government, he
thought it best to leave the matter as we find it.
" Colonel Mason. This infernal traffic originated in the
avarice of British merchants." * * * "The evil of
having slaves was experienced during the late war." * * *
(i Slavery discourages arts and manufactures. The poor
despise labor when performed by slaves. They prevent the
immigration of whites, who really enrich and strengthen a
country. They produce the most pernicious effect on man-
ners. Every master of slaves is born a petty tyrant. They
bring the judgment of Heaven on a country." * * *
" He held it essential, in every point of view, that the Gen-
eral Government should havefiower to prevent the increase
of slavery.
" Mr. Ellsworth. As he had never owned a slave, he
could not judge of the effects of slavery on character. lie
said, however,'that if it was to be considered in amoral
light, we ought to go farther, and ficc those already in the
country." * * * "Let us not inteimeddle.
"Mr. Pinckney. If slavery be wrong, it is justified by
the example of all the world." * * * "In all
ages, one half of mankind have been slaves." * * *
"An attempt to take away the right [of importation] would
produce serious objections to the Constitution, which he
wished to see adopted.
"General Pinckney declared it to be his firm convic-
tion that if himself and all his colleagues were to sign the
Constitution and use all their personal influence, it would
be of no avail towards obtaining the assent of their con-
stituents. South Carolina and Georgia cannot do without
slaves." * * * "He contended that the hn-
Bortation of slaves would be for the mtere&t of the whole
rnion.
"Mr. Baldwin had conceived national objects alone to
be before the convention; not such as, like the piescnt,
were of a local nature. Georgia was decided on this point.
" Mr. Gerry thought he had nothing to do with the con-
duct of the States as to slaves, but ought to be careful not
to give any sanction to it.
"Mr. Dickinson considered it as inadmissible, on every
principle of honor and safety, that the imposition of slaves
should be authorized to the States by the Constitution. The
true question way, whether the national happiness would
be promoted or impeded by the impoitation; and this ques-
tion ought to be lelt to the national Government, not to the
States particularly interested.
"Mr. Williamson thought the southern States could
not be members of the Union, it' the clause should be re-
jected ; and that it was wrong to force anything down not
absolutely necessary, and which any State must disagree
to.
" Mr. Kino thought the subject should be considered in
a political light only.
" Mr. Langdon was strenuous for giving the power to the
General Government. He could not, with a good con-
science, leave it with the States.
"Gcneial Pinckney moved to commit the clause, that
slaves might be made liable to an equal tax with othei im-
ports.
"Mr. Rijtledoe was strenuous againn striking out the
clause, and seconded the motion for a commitment.
"Mr. GouverneurMorris wished the whoie subject to
be committed, including the clauses relating to taxes on
exports and to a navigation act. These things may foim a
bargain among the northern and southern States.
" Mr. Butler declared he never would agree to the power
of taxing exports.
"Mr. Siikrman said it was better to let the southern
States import slaves than to part with them, if they made
that a sine qua non.
"Mr. Randolph was for committing,in order tliatsome
middle ground might, if possible, be found.
"The commitment was made,7 to 3—I absent."—Madi-
son's Papers, volume 3, pages 13H8-1398.
The result was the commitment of the several
subjects involved in the conflict, and their final
settlement on the terms contained in the Consti-
tution.
A similar conflict, but much less controverted,
arose in the Federal convention on the subject of
providing; for the restoration of fugitive slaves. In
this connection the following brief abstract from
the proceedings will be useful:
''Fugitive Slaves—in Convention.
" Mr. JButler and Mr. Pinckney moved to require fugi-
tive slaves and servants tobedelivcied up hkecummals."
"Mr. Wilson. This would oblige the executive of the
State to do it at the public expense.
" Mr. Sherman saw no more propriety in the public seiz-
ing and surrendeiing a slave oi servant than a hoise.
"Mr. Bi'tij u withdiew hid proposition. (August 28,
1787, page 1447.)
"Mr. UuTLCR moved to in*eit, after article 15: If any
person, bound to sorvicu or labor, m any of the United
States, shall e&cape into another Statu, he or she shall not
be discharged, &.C.
"Agreedto,ncm con. (August29.1787. pages 1430,1358.)
'No person legally held to service or iaboi.' Sec (Septem-
ber, Kepoit from Committee of Style. &e., page 1558.)
" Article 4, section 2, (the third paiagiaph.) The term
'legally' was struck out, and the words 'under the laws
thereof' inserted after the word' State,' m compliance with
some who thought the term legal equivocal, and iavoiing
the idea that slavery was legal m a moral view." (Septem-
ber 15, page 138D.)
These proceedings prove the prevalence in the
Federal convention of strong anti^slavcry senti-
ments. They show that the formation of a Fed-
eral Union was seriously endangered by the con-
flict on that subject. They show that statesmen
whose wisdom, patriotism, and morality are un-
questioned and unquestionable, although consci-
entiously impressed with the belief that slavery
was immoral, finally adopted a Constitution which
distinctly and repeatedly acknowledges and guar-
anties its legality and validity. They did this
without changing or yielding their moral convic-
tions. They acted upon the principle that slavery
was a domestic institution, belonging to the juris-
diction of the States; that its morakty or immo-
rality was a question with which the Federal
Government had no connection; that it was only
as a political subject that they had to deal with
it; and that, without deciding whether it was moral
or immoral, they could sanction its legality in the
States, and extend to it the guarantees and pro-
tection of the Federal Government. The course
adopted by our fathers in founding the Govern-
ment furnishes the only practicable solution of
the obstacle to its preservation. If the Constitu-
tion is construed in the light of their example and
administered in the spirit of their patriotism, the
Union can never be endangered by any conflict
on the subject of slavery.
The fact that-there is pending a sectional con-
flict between the North and the South is conclu-
sive evidence that the example of the fathers of
the Constitution has been disregarded, and that
the Constitution itself has been violated and trod-
den under foot. On whom rests the weighty re-
sponsibility of this high crime of arraying the
sections against each other in dangerous collision?
I appeal to the truth of history in vindication of
the South and of that portion of the North which
has acted with the South on all the issues as to
slavery that have arisen since the first serious
conflict in 1820. It was in the hope of avoiding
sectional agitation that the South submitted to the
arbitrary compromise made in that year. Itnvas
because the South and her northern friends denied
the constitutional right of Congress to abolish
slavery in the District of Columbia^or to prohibit
its existence in our navy-yards and dock-yards,
or to prohibit the inter-State trade in slaves, that
they sought, in 1835, and for several years after-
1 wards, to exclude from Congress the agitation of
slavery upon the introduction of petitions and
memorials on these several subjects. It was for
the sake of peace, and to avoid sectional agitation1,
that, in 1848, and again in 1850, they proposed a
final settlement of the slavery question by an ex-
tension of the Missouri compromise line to the
Pacific. After this most icasonable proposition
was rejected by their northern opponents, they
sought again to avoid the revival of sectional agi-
tation by withdrawing the question as to slavery
in the Territories from Congress and leaving it
to the decision of the people therein-, thereby
establishing the principle of congressional non-
interference as a fair, equal, and constitutional
adjustment of the subject. It was because they
believed that a faithful adherence to the principle
of non-interference would prove effectual m keep-
ing down sectional agitation that they applied it
to Kansas and Nebraska, in 1854, when govern-
ments were given to those Territories. The South
and her northern friends have pursued one uni-
form line of policy on every occasion when the
slavery question has been raised; that policy has
been, in every issue, strictly defensive, and never
aggressive. Whilst the South has believed that
slavery, as it exists in the southern "States, is
morally and politically right, we have not sought
to make that a reason for extending it into the
Territories. "We have maintained that the Con-
stitution recognizes slaves in the South as prop-
erty, entitled to like protection with all other
property; and hence that Congress has no power
to prohibit its enjoyment in the Territories like
every other species of property. We have been
ready to abide by and acquiesce in the adjudica-
tion of these questions by the Supreme Court,
and, since their decision in our favor, we rely
upon it as the highest constitutional evidence that
our policy has been neither unreasonable, unjust,
nor aggressive. We have never exacted from our
friends in the North an admission of the correct-
ness of our convictions as to the morality of sla-
very. We have claimed the right to exercise the
full freedom of conscience on that as on all other
questions of morality, and we have cheerfully
conceded the same freedom to all others. We
have agreed with our northern friends in taking
the example and the Constitution of our fathers
as the guides of our political organization, and on
these we have cooperated and harmonized in
resisting aggressions upon the rights of the South.
The South neither feels nor acknowledges any
responsibility on account of the pending sectional
conflict. We would gladly see all cause of alien-
ation and dissension Removed. We are as earnest
now as ever before in our opposition to the agita-
tion of the slavery question. It is*in the power
of our opponents to restore immediate quiet and
peace—soon to be followed by our ancient fra-
ternal relations. They claim to stand where our
fathers stood on the slavery question, and they
quote by the hour from their writings to show
that they, like themselves, believed slavery to
be a moral, social, and political cvU. We vener-
ate the high names which they invoke as much as
they do, and we frankly concede the strong oppo-
sition of many of them to an institution which we ,
regard as moral, beneficent, and proper. Our
opponents and the South are therefore in the exact
category which existed among our fathers in the
formation of the Constitution. In the Federal
convention were noble patriots opposed to sla-
very; there were others, equally true patriots,
who were its advocates; there was a conflict that
seemed to be irreconcilable. Yet these conflicting
elements were harmonized, a Constitution was
formed, and a Union founded. How .was this
great work accomplished ? The record which I
have already produced gives-the answer. The
opponents of slavery conceded the point that,
though in their opinion the institution was wrong,
yet, it being a subject that belonged entirely to the
States where it was legal and valid, they could
conscientiously recognize that legality and valid-
ity in the Constitution, and provide for its protec-
tion as other property. They did not surrender
their moral convictions, but agreed that the obli-
gation on them to form a Constitution and a Union
was a higher law for their government than their
individual moral convictions. Unless our oppo-
nents claim to be wiser statesmen, truer patriots,
and better Christians than their fathers, it is diffi-
cult to sec why they cannot act as well as think
like them. To withdraw the cause of sectional
agitation it is not essential that our opponents
should change one jot or tittle of their moral be-
lief. It is only necessary to agree that the Con-
stitution is the supreme law, and to follow the
example of their fathers in not allowing their
moral persuasions to control their political ac-
tions.
But it is answered that we make demands for
slavery which can never be conceded, bccauso
they are unconstitutional and aggressive. If this
be so, they ought not to be conceded. What are
these demands? First, that the power of Con-
gress to prevent the extension of slavery shall be
given up. We make no such demand; but what
we say is, that Congress has no such power,
and we demand that Congress shall exercise no
power that the Constitution does not confer. It
is an issue between us, then, as to the construc-
tion of the Constitution. Who is to decide be-
tween us? The Constitution answers that it shall
bo decided by the Supreme Court. We claim that
the Supreme Court has decided the question in
our favor. Without attaching undue importance
to the decision, we may at least claim for it the
respect and confidence awarded to all the adjudi-
cations of the highest judicial tribunal. The de-
cision may possibly be reversed by some subse-
quent court—but, until such reversal, the South
is at least relieved from the chargc of having been
" aggressive,in denying the power of Congress
to prohibit the existence of slavery in our Terri-
tories.
If is said, in the second place, that slavery is
"aggressive," because the South claims that the
Constitution, of its own force, guaranties the
right to take and hold slaves, under its protection,
in our Territories. Our opponents join issue with
us on this proposition. It is a constitutional ques-
tion, and can only be decided by the constitu-
tional tribunal for adjudicating such issues. We
have the advantage of having the adjudication of
the question in our favor by that tribunal. Until
the court is changed, or it reverses its decision,
we stand acquitted of the charge of being " ag-
gressive."
The result then is, that the Republicans are
conscientiously of opinion that the Supreme Court
misunderstand and misconstrue the Constitution,
and therefore they declare that they are determ-
ined to continue the sectional agitation and con-
flict until these decisions of the court are reversed.
