1646
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
to do that which I think proper courtesy towards
them and a due consideration formysclf require.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I repeat, that the gentle-
man from Ohio is aware I intended liirji no dis-
courtesy.
Mr. PENDLETON. Certainly, sir.
Mr. ASHMORE. And that I do not.
Mr. PENDLETON. By no means. And it
was because gentlemen were proposing their in-
terrogatories in a proper spirit, and in a friendly
manner, that I heard them. If the gentleman from
Virginia chooses, he can, by a peremptory objec-
tion, cut them out.
Now, Mr. Speaker, in addition to the evidences
furnished by this census that was taken, and by
the number of votes cast in Kansas, as to which
I have heard no suggestions of mistakes, I have
this secondary evidence to offer: I have inquired
of persons who reside in the Territory of Kansas
—friends who went to that Territory from the
city in which X live—truthful, observing gentle-
men, some of whom have had a most excellent
opportunity of knowing the population of Kan-
sas, whose faculties for observation have been
greatly sharpened by the fact that they were op-
posed to the adoption of the Wyandotte constitu-
tion, and have no favor for this bill; and, sir, I
have not found one of them who dissents from
the opinion, as the result of their observations,
and of the accounts they have heard from other
persons coming from alt parts of the Territory,
that the population of that Territory is to-day,
and was last Juno, atleast one hundred thousand.
Now this is evidence satisfactory to me. It is not
technically the best evidence, perhaps; but it com-
pletely convinces my mind, and satisfies me that,
even under the restrictive clause of the conference
bill, Kansas is entitled to admission.
Now, sir, as to the other objection made by the
gentleman from Missouri—the objection that the
lights of the Indians are violated. It is suffi-
cient to reply to the gentleman that he .seeks now
to put a construction upon the language of that
treaty that has not been put upon it before; a
construction thot was not put upon it at the time
the Kansas-Nebraska bill was passed; a con-
struction that was not put upon it at the time the
Lecompton bill was passed; a construction which
is now sought to be put upon it for the first time;
and that the language of this bill provides that all
the rights of the Indians and all the guarantees of
the United States in the treaties shall be pre-
served, and that nothing shall be done or recog-
nized under this bill, or under the provisions of
the State constitution, that can in any degree in-
fract the rights of the Indians guarantied to them
by the treaties of the United States—the same lan-
guage which guarded their rights in 1854, when
the Territory was organized, and which was in-
tended to guard their rights in the Lecompton
bill, if it had become a law.
Mi. CLARK, of Missouri. I<isk the gentle-
man from Ohio to name a single treaty with any
tribe outside of Kansas making the same guar-
antees and limitations as are applied to the treaties
set forth in my icport.
Mr. PENDLETON. In reply, I will ask the
gentleman from Missouri whether he knows of
any Indian treaties that they are not in?
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. AH the Indian
treaties made witli the tribes that settled west of
the Mississippi river, prior to the treaty made
with the Cherokees, Choetaws, and Cluckasaws,
ha\e the limitation in different phraseology, and
not to the same extent.
Mr. PENDLETON. I cannot name the treaties.
I am not familiar with the names of these different
Indian tribes, nor with the dates of treaties made
with them. But I have examined many of them;
and I say that in nearly all of the treaties made
since the removal of the Cherokees from Georgia,
is to be found language similar to thcit in the
treaties to which the gentleman refers.
Before the gentleman asked me the question, I
had said all that I meant to say on this question.
Mr. PARROTT obtained the floor, and ad-
dressed the House fo*r one hour in support of the
bill. [His remarks will be published m the Ap-
pendix.]
Mr. MAYNARD obtained the floor.
Mr. GROW. I desire to ask if the House will
fix some hour now at which the debate upon this
question shall be closed?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. You can do that to-
morrow. X desire, as a member of the Commit-
tee on Territories, to make some remarks when-
ever I can get an opportunity to do so.
Mr. GROW. I propose that we take the vote
at three o'clock, to-morrow. [Cries of "No !"
"No!"]
Mr. MAYNARD. I am requested by several
gentlemen on both sides of the Hojase to give way
for a motion to adjourn. 1 have a personal en-
gagement which would make it vqry agreeable for
me if the House would adjourn; but I will be
governed in the matter by the wish of the House.
[Cries of " Go on !" and " Let us adjourn !"]
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. With the permis-
sion of the gentleman from Tennessee, 1 move
that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. GROW. Well, I desire to give notice to
the House that if I can get the floor, I will move
the previous question at three o'clock to-morrow.
The question was taken on Mr. Smith's motion;
and it was agreed to; and thereupon (at a quarter
after five o'clock, p. m.) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, April 11, 1860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
bill recommitted.
On motion of Mr. MASON, it -was
Ordered, That the bill (S. No. 317) todcclaie the mean-
ing of the act entitled " An act making farther provisions
for the satisfaction of Virginia land warrants," passed Au-
gust 31,1852, be lecomnimcd to the Committee on Public
Lands.
patent laws.
Mr. BIGLER. I move to postpone all prior
orders, and that the Senate proceed to the con-
sideration of the bill (S. No. 10) amending the
general patent Jaws.
Mr. HALE. I hope not. I hope the morning
hour will be devoted to petitions, reports, and
resolutions.
Mr. BIGLER. I think we can get through
with the bill during the morning hour.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion of the Senator from Pennsylvania to
take up the bill (S. No. 10) in addition to "An
act to promote the progress of the useful arts."
Mr. HALE called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. BIGLER. This is a very importantpub-
lic measure,and 1 think we can dispose of it dur-
ing this morning hour. I am satisfied that it will
lead to no protracted debate. It is one of those
measures which we ought to consider, and to con-
sider promptly. 1 shall be under the necessity of
being absent, probably, for two weeks after Mon-
day next, and I am exceedingly anxious to send
this bill to the House of Representatives before E
leave. I think the Senator from New Hampshire
mistakes the character of the bill, or he would not
object to its consideration. It is one of great pub-
lic importance. It is one which has been wellprc-
parcd by the Department, and considered by the
committee, and I have no doubt it will receive the
vote of the Senator from New Hampshire. Un-
less there be some pressing moining business, I
hope the Senate will consider the bill.
Mr. HALE. I shall not object, if the morning
business is through; but there is business that
ought to be attended to this morning, and I shall
object to taking up the bill until it is disposed of.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 19, nays 19, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. IJiglcr, Bui™, Chesnut, Clingman, Col-
lamor, Davis, Fit/.patrick, (Jtvin, Hemphill, i version, Lane,
Latham, M,v>ou, Nicholson, Powell, Itice, Sebastian, Sli-
del!, and Thomson—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Bingham, Chandler, Clark, Dixon, Doo-
iittlf, DousjIjh, Fe.^cnden, Foot, Green, Hale, Hamlin,
King, Seward, Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyek, Trumbull,
Wade, and Wilson—19.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate being
equally divided, the Chair determines the ques-
tion in the negative; and petitions and reports are
in order.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. WADE presented the petition of G. W.
St. John and others, citizens of Ashtabula county,
Ohio, praying the passage of a judicious bank-
rupt law; which was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. LATHAM presented tho memorial of John
Butterfield and others, contractors for carrying
the mail overland from St. Louis and Memphis
to San Francisco, remonstrating against the enact-
ment of any law which would change or annul
their contract; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. HEMPHILL presented papers in relation
to claims of citizens of Texas to indemnity for
depredations by the Indians; which were referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of Jere-
miah Greenleaf and others, officers and soldiers
of the war of 1812, praying that pensions be
granted to those who served m that war, similar
in amount to the pensions granted to^ those who
served in the revolutionary war; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. BRAGG presented the petition of John
A. Winslow, a commander in the United States
Navy, praying the passage of an explanatory act
regulating the pay of officers of the Navy pro-
moted in consequence of the action of the retiring
board; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented the petition of
E. D. Tippett, praying an examination of anew
plan of ship-building; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. WIGFALL presented a petition of citi-
zens of Texas, praying for the establishment of
a mail route from Marshall to Coffceville, and a
post office at Smyrna, in that State; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Mi-
lam county, Texas, praying the establishment of
a mail route from Owensvilleto Cameron, in that
county and State; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
He also presented a petition of citizens of John-
son county, Texas, piaying the establishment of
a mail route from either Hillsboro or Waxa-
hatchie, to Buchanan, in said county and State;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
lie also presented a petition of citizens of Clay
county, Texas, praying; the establishment of a
mail route from Gainsville to Henrietta, in that
State; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
bill introduced.
Mr. HALE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce abill (S. No. 397)for
the relief of witneses in criminal cases in the
Distiict of Columbia; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
reports of committees.
Mr. POWELL, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of Lockcy
Simpson, praying an increase of pension, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No.
396) for the relief of Lockcy Simpson. The bill
was read, and passed to a second reading; and the
report was ordered to be printed.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Lemuel Worstcr,
praying a pension on account of a disability in-
curred while employed as a waiter to a militia
officer in the United States service during the last
war with Great Britain, submitted a report, ac-
companied by a bill (S. No. 395) for the relief of
Lemuel Worstcr. The bill was read, and passed
to a second reading; and the report was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. POWELL, from the Committee to Audit
and Control the Contingent Expenses of the Sen-
ate, to whom was referred a resolution submitted
by Mr. Yulee on the 15th ultimo, authorizing
the payment, out of the contingent fund of the
Senate, to the widow of Thomas Clarke, late a
messenger in the service of the Senate, deceased,
! $150 for funeral expenses, and three months'pay
of the deceased, from the time of his death, re-
ported adversely thereon.
Mr. FITCH, from the Committee on Printing,
to whom was referred a motion to print the report
of the Secretary of the Treasury, communicating,
in compliance with a resolution of the Senate, a
statement showing the amount of re'venue collected
annually in each collection district from June 30,
1854, to June 30, 1859, together with the amount
expended and the number of persons employed in
