1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1MT
each district, reported in favor of printing tlie
usual number; which was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of
J. B. "Williams, praying a grant to the heirs of
Joseph Biggs, deceased, of the amount paid by
him for boarding, nursing, and medical attend-
ance, incurred on account of being wounded in an
Indian war in 1788, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration, and that it be referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of E. Steele, making
suggestions for the better management of the In-
dians in California, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration, and that the memorial
lie on the table; which was agreed to.
Mr. THOMSON, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of Al-
pheus T. Palmer, of Maine, a lieutenant in the
war with Mexico, praying an increase of the pen-
sion heretofore allowed to him, submitted an ad-
verse report; which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the Committee on Naval Affairs,
to whom were referred testimonials in favor of
Captain George C. Stouffer, of the ship Antarctic,
for his gallant conduct in rescuing the officers and
soldiers of the Army, and other passengers, from
the sinking steamer San Francisco, in 1854, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration,
and that it be referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and Militia; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Thomas G. Corbin,
a lieutenant in the Navy, praying to be allowed
the difference between the pay he received and
that of a master during the time he acted in the
latter capacity, submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill^(S. No. 399) for the relief of Thomas
G. Corbin, The bill was read, and passed to a
second reading; and the report was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Samuel R. Franklin,
a lieutenant in the Navy, praying to be allowed
the difference between his pay and that of a purser
during the time he performed the duties of purser
on board the United States ship Falmouth, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied Dy a bill (S. No.
398) for the relief of Samuel R. Franklin. The
bill was read, and passed to a second reading;
and the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. PUGH, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 381)
to provide for holding the circuit court and dis-
trict court of the United States at Binghamton, in
the State of New York, reported adversely there-
on, and asked that the committee be discharged
from its further consideration; which was agreed
to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the memorial of Hon. Daniel S.
Dickinson and others, citizens of Binghamton,
New York, and a petition of Horatio Ballard and
others, citizens of Cortland county, praying the
passage of an act directing a term of the district
and circuit courts of the United States for the
northern district of New York, to be held at Bing-
hamton, reported adversely thereon, and asked to
be discharged from their "further consideration;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a communication from T. T. Gantt,
of St. Louis, Missouri, relative to the judiciary
act of 1789, and in favor of changing the time al-
lowed for taking appeals and writs of error to the
Supreme Court of the United States, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration; which
was agreed to, the committee having already re-
ported a bill on the subject, which has been passed
by the Senate.
Mr. POLK, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred the petition of
E. George Squier, praying to be allowed an out-
fit as charge d'affaires to each of the Governments
of Guatemala, San Salvador, Nicaragua, Costa
Rica, and Honduras, and also a balance of salary
which he claims to be due, submitted a report,
accompanied lay a bill (S. No. 400) for the relief
of E. George Squier, late United States charge
d'affaires to the Republics of Central America.
The bill was read, and passed to a second reading;
and the report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of James G. Clarke,
praying compensation for his services as chargl
d'affaires of the United States to Belgium, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S, No.
401) for the relief of James G. Clarke. The bili
was read, and passed to a second reading; and
the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. CRITTENDEN, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, to whom was referred the
petition of the heirs of Henry Brochholst Living-
ston, a lieutenant colonel of the continental army,
praying to be allowed half pay and arrears of
pay, submitted an adverse report; which was
ordered to be printed. ^
ADMISSIONS TO THE PLOOIt.
Mr. CHANDLER submittted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Chaplains of the Senate and the House
of Representatives, for the time being, be entitled to ad-
mission upon the floor of the Senate.
PROTECTION OF SAILOKS.
Mr. HALE submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be in-
structed to inquire whether, since the abolition of flogging
by law in the naval and tneichant service of the United
States, any corporal punishment has been practiced or al-
lowed in the naval service; and if so, to what extent, and
whether the same has been with the knowledge or consent
of the Secretary of the Navy ; and what steps, if any, have
been taken by the Navy Department relating to the recent
killing of a seaman on board a vessel of war of the United
States; and also what legiblation, if any, is necessaiy for
the protection of sailors in the naval or merchant service of
the United States.
PROPOSED RECESS.
Mr. MASON submitted the following resolu-
tion, and notified Senators that he would call it
up for action to-morrow:
Resolved, (the House of Representatives concurring,)
That the President of the Seriate and Speaker of the House
of Representatives do adjourn their respective Houses trom
the 19th to the 30th day of April instant.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Buchanan, his Secretary, an-
nounced that the President had this day approved
and signed the following acts:
An act (S. No. 136) for the relief of Thomas
Fillebrown;
An act (S. No. 71) for the relief of the Ameri-
can Board of Commissioners for Foreign Mis-
sions;
An act (S. No. 233) for the relief of Alice Hunt,
widow of Thomas Hunt; and *
An act (S. No. 250) for the relief of Kate D.
Taylor, widow of the late Brevet Captain Oliver
H.P.Taylor.
PORT ATKINSON RESERVATION.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Hayes, Chief Clerk, was received, re-
turning, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate of yesterday, the bill (S. No. 371) for the
relief of certain settlers in the State of Iowa.
Mr. PUGH. I believe the Senator from Ar-
kansas [Mr. Johnson] desired to move a recon-
sideration of that bill. I enter the motion on his
behalf, as he is not now here. It is required to
be made to-day. I think this is the second day
from the passage of the bill.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
The message further announced that the Pres-
ident of the United States had approved andsigned,
on the 6th instant, the following act and resolu-
tion:
An act (H. R. No. 242) for the relief of the
legal representatives of Robert H. Morris, late
postmaster of the city of New York.
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 26) constituting
Macon, Georgia, a port of entry for the time
being, for the purposes therein specified, and for
other purposes.
Also, that the President had this day signed
and approved the following acts:
An act (H. R. No. 273) for the relief of Mica-
jali Hawkes;
An act (H. R. No. 243) for the relief of the
legal representatives of Charles Porterfield, de-
ceased;
An act (C. C. No. 96) for the relief of William
Geiger;
An act (C. C. No. 92) for the relief of Mari-.
ano G. Vallejo;
An act ( C. C. No. 93) for the relief of Lydia
Frazee, widowand administratrix cxSfohn Frazee,
late of New York;
An act (C. C. No. 82) for the relief of Charner
T. Scaife, administrator of Gilbert Stalker; and ,.
An act (C. C. No. 12) for the relief of Moses
Noble.
OVERLAND MAIL ROUTE.
Mr. GWIN. I move to take up Senate bill
No. 394.
Mr. GREEN. Is that the overland mail route
bill ?
Mr. GWIN. Yes, sir.
Mr. GREEN. I hope it will not be taken up.
I am compelled to leave here this evening at three
o'clock, or to-morrow morning at six o'clock. I
am sick. I am compelled to oppose the proposi-
tion of the Senator. It should lie over for six or
eight days, I think, as a matter of,courtesy to me.
I think the proposition wrong, but I do not think
it ought to pass in the morning hour, or in the
day either. I hope the Senate will not take it up,
but will extend to me the right to consider this
subject and discuss it at the proper time.
Mr. GWIN. For the very reason that the Sen- '
ator gives, I hope it will be taken up. If it is to
be postponed for several days until he can be ab-
sent from the city and return, in my judgment an
important measure will be jeopardized and an im-
portant policy postponed. The object of this bill
is to convey the mails to the Pacific coast over-
land, and by the passage of this bill I have no
doubt that object can be accomplished; but if it
is to be accomplished at all, provision ought to
be made at once. I have been endeavoring for
weeks to get up this very bill, because the con-
tract for ocean service expires on the 30th of June;
and if we do not very soon make provision for
carrying the mail overland, it will be impossible
to prevent making a contract for ocean service at
that period. With all proper respect to the Sen-
ator from Missouri, as this is a question well un-
derstood by him and by me, we differing in the
details but agreeing in the necessity of this over-
land mail, 1 hope ho will consent to its being
taken up now. When it is taken up, we can ex-
press our views and leave it to the Senate whether
this bill shall be passed now, or not. It is of the
utmost consequence that it should be passed on at
once. This subject has been acted on in the House
of Representatives, been referred to the J?ost Of-
fice Committee, and proposition after proposition
brought from that committee before the Senate;
and this is a single branch of it which I think is
so necessary to be acted on at once, that I feel
compelled to call on the Senate to consider itto-
day.
Mr. GREEN. Yesterday the Senator from Cal-
ifornia stated that he desired to have the subject
considered and acted upon, because the pony ex-
press was to leave at four o'clock. If that is the
case, the pony express has gone. To-day there
is another reason assigned. Now, I have no ob-
jection to considering the service of the overland
mail route; but I have not time to-day to consider
it. It is known to the Senator that I have moved
a proposition of my own in lieu of his, which I
think better for the public service. I do not think
that Congress ought to undertake to make a con-
tract. Congress is unfit to make a contract. Con-
gress may authorize a contract; but Congress
ought never to fix the terms of a contract. They
may fix a limit to it; but they ought never to un-
dertake to make a contract. I will not, however,
discuss the merits of the question. I am only beg-
ging for the poor privilege that has been accorded
to almost every Senator, when it can do no harm
to the public service, to have that subject post-
poned until I can be back and meet the Senator
from California, and discuss it fairly with him.
In the main features we go together; there is no
doubt about that; but I really do not desire to
bring it up to-day, when I have not time to con-
sider it.
Mr. GWIN. In regard to what the- Senator
says about the pony express, that subject has not
been before the Senate. I expressed agreat desire
to have this measure acted on, in a private con-
versation with the Senator yesterday, and I am
