628
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
showing, the occupation of your party would
seem to be gone. Yet we see no abatement in the
zeal with which you have carried on the sectional
conflict; we see no diminution in the intensity of
your hostility to southern institutions. You rally
your forces with as much earnestness as when
you professed to believe that Kansas was being
overrun by slavery. You seem to rely as much
as ever on " the force of public opinion and pri-
vate action " for the accomplishment of some mo-
mentous anti-slavery enterprise. _ What is the
meaning of this persistence in maintaining your
organization, and especially in asseverating that
its only object is the prevention of the expansion
of territory?- The South proclaims herself ready
and anxious to see fraternal relations restored.
You have but to say the word, and slavery agita-
tion is at an end. But whilst you continue your
demonstrations of hostility to our institutions and
to marshal your forces for another sectional con-
flict, we are forced to apprehend danger, and to
prepare for our defense. We are reluctant to be-
lieve that the mere attainment of political power
and patronage impels you to play so hazardous a
game with our rights and interests and lives. We
must concede that your organization is actuated
by an honest hostility to slavery,.or we are forced
to regard your leaders as political hypocrites and
speculators, ai>d their followers as deluded dupes.
Assuming that honest hostility to slavery is the
vital principle of your party, we are constrained
to conclude that you have determined upon its
extinction, as the ultimate object of your organi-
zation. No other conclusion can be consistent
with your claim to honesty of purpose, in this
object you agree cordially with the avowed Abo-
litionists. They boldly declare their purpose, and
make open war on the Constitution. You keep
your ulterior purpose in the back ground, cov-
ering it under the cloak of opposition to the ex-
pansion of slavery; making war on the decisions
of the Supreme Court, which impede your prog-
ress, and on the court itself; but being content if
you can keep within the letter of the Constitu-
tion, however grossly its spirit may bo violated.
The Abolitionists would employ immediate force,
moral or physical, to exterminate .slavery. You
object to so summary a mode of reaching the end
—you would take time to starve us out by resort-
ing to "the force of public opinion and private
action" in confining slavery to its present limits.
You would take time to secure such an increase
of sectional strength as will enable you to reor-
ganize the Supreme Court, and obtain its sanc-
tion to laws re-pealing the fugitive slave law and
abolishing slavery in this District, and wherever
else itmaynow lawfully existoutside of the States.
You would avail yourselves of '' the force of pub-
lic opinion and private action," to organize new
free States as rapidly as possible, with the view
of hastening the consummation of your object of
exterminating slavery by an amendment of the
Federal Constitution.
Assuming this to be your programme, we can
easily understand the policy which governs you
in continuing the sectional conflict. We can com-
prehend why it is that you so indignantly repM
the charge that your organization is making war
on the institutions of the South, and why you
asseverate with so much earnestness that you in-
tend to keep within the letter of the Constitution
in your opposition to slavery. You as;roe with
the Abolitionists in the end to be accomplished.
You disagree as to the time and mode of its con-
summation. The Abolitionists are open enemies;
they would strike down the Constitution and
destroy our institutions at a single blow. You
would take time and rely upon the growth of your
sectional strength to secure a public opinion that
will have force enough to destroy our institutions
in accordance with the forms and letter of the
Constitution. To the South the result is equally
disastrous, whether it is brought about by the
one policy or the other. If we are to have no
exemption from the constant danger of having our
domestic relations disturbed and destroyed; if
this sectional strife is to be indefinitely prolonged;
if the association with us is so offensive that you
can give us no rest or repose until you work out
our final destiny either by violence or by the lin-
gering process of making the Constitution itself
our executioner instead of our protector, then we
appeal to your candor to avow your purpose with
distinctness, and let the people of the South eh®ose
intelligently between quiet submission to the des-
tiny you have marked out for them, and resistance
in such form as may promise to be least disastrous
to both parties.
When you assume that the^declarations of south-
ern men, indicating a determination not to submit
to the dominion of a sectional, anti-constitutional
majority, are idle threats, having no pther import
and significance than to make capital for the presi-
dential election, you fall into an error that shows
how little you know of the real public sentiment
of the South. The Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. Wilson] has done nothing to which south-
ern men will except, in making a compilation of
their anti-submission, or, as he is pleased to term
them, disunion sentiments, for circulation in the
northern States. When that Senator imputes in-
sincerity and hypocrisy to these honorable men, as
he necessarily does when he represents them as
merely playing a " disunion farce," he descends
far below the level of the dignity of his subject.
There is no one of them who does not conscien-
tiously believe that submission to the rule of the
Republican party, upon the principles and policy
avowed by the Senator from Massachusetts,
would involve a sacrifice of both honor and the
Constitution. It is because they believe that the
inauguration of that rule, by the election of a can-
didate pledged to the principles and policy of
the prominent leaders of the Republican party,
would be the substitute of a hostile sectional do-
minion in the place of the Union of the Constitu-
tion, that they have deemed it due to candor to
declare their fixed purpose to regard the Confed-
eracy at an end upon the happening of that event.
Whilst I concur fully in the opinion that the
permanent ascendency of a strictly sectional ma-
jority, animated by the spirit that characterizes
the acknowledged champions of the Republican
party, and fatally bent on the consummation of
the objects avowed by its most influential leaders,
is, and must of necessity be, the destruction of the
Confederacy, I do not concur in the policy of pro-
nouncing in advance what contingency should be
taken as conclusive evidence that the reign of sec-
tional despotism will be thereby Inaugurated. This
is too momentous a question to be decided in ad-
vance of the fullest and most earnest deliberations
of the sovereignties of the southern States. Una-
nimity of decision is essential to the concert of
action necessary for its successful oxecution. We
have the example of our revolutionary^athers for
the earnest warnings of impending danger which
have been repeatedly given. If our appeals shall
continue to be disregarded; if our warnings shall
meet no other response than derision and insult;
if the preservation of our sacred honor, and the
safety of our firesides and family altars, shall force
us to seek for a remedy in independence, l?t our
antecedent counsels be marked by so much pru-
dence, moderation, and discretion, that the final
decision will unite not only the judgments of all
the southern members of the Confederacy, but the
hands and hearts of all their citizens; at the same
time, commanding, by the justice of our cause,
the active sympathies of more than a million of
true, friends in the. northern States.
With disumonists,perse, whether in the North
or the South, the people of my State have no sym-
pathy and hold no counsel. We regard them as
alike enemies of the best Government that the
wit of man has ever devised. We have as little
sympathy with submissionists, per se, whether
they be in the North or the South. Our sympa-
thies are with those who love the Union, that
ilourishes in all the vigor imparted by a Consti-
tution faithfully construed ana administered; but
who have the manhood to resist aggressions and
usurpations, inconsistent with a faithfully admin-
istered Constitution, even to tho disruption of the
ties that bind us in a common Confederation.
If my counsel could prevail, I would have no
word uttered by any southern man that would
swell the torrent of sectionalism, or that could be
construed by the most unscrupulous partisanship
into language of menace. 1 would have the South
to plant itself upon the resolution that " the Fed-
eral Union must be preserved," by a faithful ad-
herence to all the requirements of the Constitu-
tion. Borrowing language from our fathers, I
would say, in a spirit of fraternal warning, to our
northern opponents: "When a long train of
abuses and usurpations, by a dominant sectional
majority, pursuing, invariably, the same object,
evinces a design to reduce (the South) under abso-
lute despotism, it is their duty to throw of such
government, and to provide new guards for their
future security."
But, Mr. President, I still have faith in the
practicability of a Federative Government, and in
the capacity of the people, under the guidance of
a Providence whose interpositions have marked
our entire career as a nation, to rescue it from its
present perils. Moderation on the part of the
South, mutual toleration among friends on sub-
ordinate questions, firmness and fidelity in the
maintenance of great essential principles, and an
unshaken trust in the inteliigencej integrity, and
patriotism of the people, will dissipate the gloom
that now obscures the future of our Union, and
secure another triumph for constitutional conser-
vatism.
Mr. FITCH. Mr. President, I propose asking
the attention of the Senate a short time to some
remarks on the resolutions of the Senator from
Mississippi, and kindred subjects; but this is
scarcely an appropriate time. It is late in the
day; an executive session is desired; and, more-
over, I note the absence of two or three Senators
upon this side, to whose views I must necessarily
refer in the course of the remarks I propose to
make. I therefore prefer deferring those remarks
until some more convenient time. With that pur-
pose, I move the postponement of the further con-
sideration of the resolutions now before the Sen-
ate, until Wednesday at half past one o'clock,
with the understanding, however, if it is perfectly
convenient, and meets the approbation of the Sen-
ate, that I shall call them up to-morrow, after the
Senator from Virginia [Mr. Hunter] shall have
closed his remarks, if time permits.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. FITCH, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and, after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 30, i860.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
The galleries wero densely thronged with spec-
tators, and a large number of persons, not usually
admitted, including several ladies, occupied places
on the floor.
The Clerk having called the House to order,
Rev. J. Spencer Kennard offered up the follow-
ing prayer;
0 Thou that presidest over the destinies of na-
tions, we approach Thee in no vain and empty
form, but as our forefathers in the first Congress
knelt and sought Divine guidance and strength
and wisdom, even so this morning will we lift up
our hearts unto Thee. DoThoulook upon us with
the same mercy with which Thou hast beheld our
nation ever since its birth. Thou hast ever been
gracious unto her when her Representatives and
her people have looked unto Thee for help. Thou
hast raised up friends in times of trial. Thou
hast interposed with thy Divine authority in times
of peril. Oh, do Thou now make bare Thy mighty
arm and come to our deliverance from the present
excitemcnt, from the present danger. 0 God,
we beseech Thee that while the vessel of State in
tossed upon the billows of tempestuous excite-
ment, Thou, Son of God, mayest come over the
waters, and entering into our councils, do Thou
speak with the voice of authority unto the war-
ring elements, and say " Peace,be still," and may
there be a great calm, may there be a greatpeace,
and may God be honored and exalted in the pres-
ent prosperity and future development and glory
of our nation. Do Thou bless these Represent-
atives in Congress assembled. Grant that their
lives and health may be precious in Thy sight.
Grant that their judgments may be guided, en-
lightened, and strengthened by Thy divine spirit.
Grant that their hearts may feel all the bonds of
brotherly sympathy arid confidence which once
they felt; and do Thou tgrant, O God, that Thy
name may be honored in our cou ntry, and through
all our institutions, and by all our Represent-
atives. We ask it for Jesus' sake. Amen.
The Journal of Friday last was read and ap-
proved. THE SPEAKERSHIP.
The CLERK anneunced as the business first
