2592
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
June 4.
between Slavery and Polygamy, and winccs. I
hail this sensibility as the sign of virtue. Let him
reflect, and he will confess, that there are many
disgusting elcmenfcsin Slavery, which are not
present in Polygamy, while the single disgusting
element of Polygamy is more than present in Sla-
very, By the license of Polygamy, one man may
have many wives, all bound to him by the mar-
riage tic, and in other respects protected by law.
By the license of Slavery, a whole race is deliv-
ered over to prostitution and concubinage, with-
out the protection of any law. Sir, is not Slavery
barbarous ?
Thirdly. Slavery paints itself again in its com-
plete abrogation of the parental relation, which God
in his benevolence has provided for the nurture
and education of the human family, and which
constitutes an essential part of Civilization itself.
And yet, by the law of Slavery—happily begin-
ning to be modified in some places—this relation
is set at naught, and in its place is substituted the
arbitrary control of the master, at whose mere
command little children, such as the Saviour
called unto him, though clasped by a mother's
arms, may be swept under the hammer of the
auctioneer. I do not dwell on this exhibition. Sir,
is not Slavery barbarous?
fourthly. Slavery paints itself again in closing
the gates of knowledge, which are also the shining
gates of civilization. Under its plain unequivocal
law, the bondman may, at the unrestrained will
of his master, be shutout from all instruction,
while in many places, incredible to relate ! the
law itself, by cumulative provisions, positively
forbids that lie shall be taught to read. Of course,
the slave cannot be allowed to read, for his soul
would then expand in larger air, while he saw
the glory of the North Star, and also the helping
truth, that God, who made iron, never made a
slave; for he would then become familiar with the
Scriptures, with the Decalogue still speaking in
the thunders of Sinai; with that ancient text, " He
that stealeth a'man and selleth him, or if he be
found in his hands, he shall surely be put to
death;5' with that other text," Masters, give unto
your servants that which is just and equal;" with
that great story of redemption, when the Lord
raised the slave-born Moses to deliver his chosen
people from the house of bondage; and with that
sublimer story, where the Saviour died a cruel
death, that all men, without distinction of racc,
might be saved—leaving to mankind command-
ments, which, even without his example, make
Slavery impossible. Thus, in order to fasten your
manacles upon the slave, you fasten other man-
acles upon his soul. Sir, js not Slavery barbar-
ous?
Fifthly. Slavery paints itself again in the appro-
priation of all the toil of its victims, excluding
them from that property in their own earnings,
which the law of nature allows, and civilization
secures. The painful injustice of this pretension
is lost in its meanness, it is robbery and petty
larceny under the garb of law. And even its
meanness is lost in the absurdity of its associate
pretension, that the African, thus despoiled of all
his earnings, is saved from poverty, and that for
his own good he must work for his master, and
not for himself. Alas!-by such a fallacy, is a
whole race pauperized ! And yet this transaction
is not without illustrative example, A solemn
poet, whose verse has found wide favor, pictures
a creature who,
-With one hand put
A p<niny in the uin ofpoveity,
And with the other took a shilling out.
Petiole's Councof Time, JJook VIII, 632.
And a celebrated traveler through Russia, more
than a generation ago, describes a kindred spirit,
who, while on his knees before an altar of the
Greek Church, devoutly told his beads with one
hand, and with the other deliberately picked the
pocket of. a fellow-sinner by his side. Not ad-
miring these instances, I cannot cease to deplore
a system which has much of both, while, under
an affectation of charity, it sordidly takes from
the slave all the fruits of his bitter sweat, and thus
takes from him the mainspring to exertion. Tell
me, sir, is not Slavery barbarous?
Such is Slavery in its five special elements of
Barbarism, as recognized bylaw; first, assuming
that man can hold property in man; secondly, ab-
rogating the relation of husband and wife; thirdly,
abrogating the parental tie; fourthly, closing the
gates of knowledge; and fifthly, appropriating the.
unpaid labor of another. Take away these ele-
ments, sometimes called " abuses," and Slavery
will cease to eiist, for it is these very 44 abuses"
which constitute Slavery. Take away any one
of them, and the abolition of Slavery begins.
And when I present Slavery for judgment, I mean
no slight evil, with regard to which there may be
a reasonable difference of opinion, but I mean this
five-fold embodiment of " abuse"—this ghastly
quincunx of Barbai-ism—each particular of which,
if considered separately, must be denounced at
once with all the ardor of an honest soul, while
the whole live-fold combination must awake a
five-fold denunciation.
But this five-fold combination becomes still
more hateful when its single motive is considered.
The Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Davis] says
that it is "but a form of civil government for
those who are not fit to govern themselves." The
Senator is mistaken. It is an outrage where five
different pretensions all concur in one single ob-
ject, looking only to the profit of the master, and
constituting its ever-present motive power, which
is simply to compel the labor of fellow-men without
wages!
If the offense of Slavery were less extended; if
it were confined to some narrow region; if it had
less of grandeur in its proportions; if its victims
were counted by tens and hundreds, instead of
millions, the five-heoded enormity would find lit-
tle indulgence. All would rise against it, while
religion and civilization would lavish their choicest
efforts in the general warfare. But what is wrong
when done to one man cannot be right when done
to many. If it is wrong thus to degrade a single
soql—if it is wrong thus to degrade you, Mr.
President—it cannot be right to degrade a whole
race. And yet this is denied by the barbarous
logic of Slavery, which, taking advantage of its
own wrong, claims immunity because its Usurp-
ation has assumed a front of audacity that cannot
he safely attacked. Unhappily, there is Barbar-
ism elsewhereinthe world; butAmerican Slavery,
as defined by existing law, stands forth as the
greatest organized Barbarism on winch the sun
now shines. It is without a single peer. Its au-
thor, after making it, broke the die.
If curiosity carries us to the origin of this law
—and here 1 approach a topic often considered
in this Chamber—we shall confess again its bar-
barism. It is not derived from the common law,
that fountain of liberty; for this law, while un-
happily recognizing a system of servitude known
as villeinage, secured to the bondman privileges
unknown to the American slave; protected his
person against mayhem; protected his wife against
rape; gave to Ins marriage equal validity with the
marriage of his master, and surrounded his off-
spring with generous presumptions of freedom,
unlike that rule of yours by which the servitude
of the mother is necessarily stamped upon the
child. It is not derived from the Roman law, that
fountain of tyranny, for two reasons—first,because
this law, in its better days, when its early rigors
were spent—like the common law itself—secured
to the bondman privileges unknown to the Ameri-
can slave—in certain cases of cruelty rescued him
from his master—prevented the separation of par-
ents and children, also of brothers and sisters—
and even protected him in the marriage relation;
and secondly, because the Thirteen Colonies were
not derived from any of those countries which
recognized the Roman law, while this law, even
before the discovery of this continent, had lost all
living efficacy. It is not derived from the Ma-
hometan law; for under the mild injunctions of
the Koran, a benignant servitude, unlike yours,
has prevailed, where the lash is not allowed to
lacerate the back of a female; where no knife or
branding-iron is employed upon any human being
to mark him as the property of his fellow-man;
where the master is expressly enjoined to listen
to the desires of his slave for emancipation; and
j where the blood of the master, mingling with his
j bond-woman, takes from her the transferable
character of a chattel, and confers complete free-
dom upon their offspring. It is not derived from
the Spanish law; for this law contains humane
elements, unknown to your system, borrowed,
perhaps, from the Mahomedan Moors who so
long occupied Spain; and, besides, our Thirteen
Colonies had no umbilical connection with Spain,
i Nor is it derived from English statutes or Ameri-
can statutes; for we have the positive and repeated
averment of the Senator from Virginia [Mr. Ma-
son] and also of other Senators that in not a single
State of the Union can any such statutes estab-
lishing Slavery be found. From none of these
docs it come.
No, sir; not from any land of civilization is this
Barbarism derived. It comes from Africa; an-
cient nurse of monsters; from Guinea, Dahomey,
and Congo. There is its origin and fountain.
This benighted region, wo are told by Chief jus-
tice Marshall in a memorable judgment, (The
Antelope, 10 Wheaton R., 66,) still asserts a
right, discarded by Christendom, to enslave cap-
tives taken in war; and this African Barbarism is
the beginning of American Slavery. And the
Supreme Court of Georgia, a Slave State, has not
shrunk from this conclusion. " Licensed to hold
slave property," says the Court, 41 the Georgia
planter held the slave as a chattel; either directly
from the slave-trader, or from those who held
under him, and hefromtheslavc-captorin Africa.
The property of the planter in the slave, became,
thus, the property of the original captor." (Neal
vs. Farmer, 9 Georgia Reports, p. 555.) It is nat-
ural that a right, thus derived in defiance of Chris-
tendom, and openly founded on the most vulgar
Paganism, should be exercised without any miti-
gating influence from Christianity; that the mas-
ter's authority over the person of his slave—over
his conjugal relations—over his parental rela-
tions—over the employment of his time—over all
his acquisitions, should be recognized, while no
generous presumption inclines to Freedom, and
the womb of the bond-woman can deliver only a
slave.
From its home in Africa, where it is sustained
by immemorial usage, this Barbarism, thus de-
rived and thus developed^ traversed the ocean to
American soil. It entered on board that fatal
slave-ship " built in the eclipse, and rigged with
curses dark," which m 1620 landed its cruel cargo
at Jamestown, in Virginia, and it has boldly
taken its place in every succeeding slave-ship from
that early day till now—helping to pack the hu-
man freight, regardless of human agony; surviv-
ing the torments of the middle passage; surviving
its countless victims plunged beneath the waves;
and it has left the slave-ship only to travel insep-
arable from the slave in his various doom, sanc-
tioning by its barbarous code every outrage,
whether of mayhem or robbery, of lash or lust,
and fastening itself upon his offspring to the re-
motest generation. Thus are the barbarous pre-
rogatives of barbarous half-naked African chiefs
perpetuated in American Slave-masters, while the
Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Mason,] perhaps un-
conscious of their origin—perhaps desirous to
secure for them the appearance of a less barbarous
pedigree—tricks thorn out with a phrase of the Ro-
man law, discarded by the common law, partus
sequitur venlrem, which simply renders into an-
cient Latin an existing rule of African Barbarism,
rccognized as an existing rule of American Sla-
very.
Such is the plain juridical origin of the Amer-
ican slave code, which is now vaunted as a badge
of Civilization. But all law, whatever may be its
juridical origin, whether English or Mahomedan,
Roman or African, may be traced to other and
ampler influences in nature, sometimes of Right,
ana sometimes of Wrong. Surely the law which
blasted the slave trade as piracy punishable with
death had a different inspiration from that other
law, which secured immunity for the slave trade
throughout an immense territory, and invested its
supporters with political power. As there is a
higher law above, so there is a lower law below,
and each is felt in human affairs.
Thus far, we have seen Slavery only in its pre-
tended law, and m the origin of that law. And
here I might stop, without proceeding in this ar-
gument; for, on the letter of the law alone Slavery
must be condemned. But ihe tree is known by
its fruits, and these 1 now shall exhibit;and this *
brings me to the second stage of the argument.
(S2.) In considering the practical results of Sla~
very, the materials are so obvious and diversified,
that my chief care will be to abridge and reject;
and here I shall put the Slave States and Free
States face to face, fallowing at each point the
blasting influence of Slavery.
The States where this Barbarism now exists
excel the Free States m all natural advantages.
