1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
in order the motion submitted by the gentleman
from North Carolina [Mr. Winslow] on Friday-
last, that the House proceed to vote viva voce for
Speaker; upon which the previous question has
been demanded, and seconded/
Mr. REAGAN. I move that there be a call of
the House.
PRIVILEGES 05 THE FLOOK.
Mr. DAVIDSON. Before that question is put,
I have a resolution which I desire to offer. It is
a privileged one, and I consider it my duty to
offer it.
Mr. KILLINGER. Let it be read for informa-
tion.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Doorkeeper of this House be, and he
is hereby, directed to exclude all person? not entitled to priv-
ilege under the rules of the House, from the floor of this
HaU, excepting only such employes as are actually engaged
in the Hall.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I object.
Mr. CLEMENS. I would suggest to the gentle-
man from Louisiana that he should except ladies.
I understand that there are upon the floor now
ladies of some of tha members, and I presume no
gentleman will object to their presence.
Mr. DAVIDSON. No, sir. I desire to say
to the House that I considered it my duty to offer
this resolution, for the reason that there are no
rules by which outsiders can be excluded; and
when the doorkeepers endeavor to prevent them
from coming in, these outsiders claim that there
are no rules by which thoy can be excluded, and
come in in spite of the doorkeepers. The incon-
venience arising from this state of things has be-
come so great, that I considered it the duty of
some member to offer a resolution upon the sub-
ject. I therefore insist upon my resolution.
Mr. KILLINGER. I object to the resolution.
Mr. CLEMENS. I move to amend the reso-
lution by excepting the wives and ladies of mem-
bers of the House.
The CLERK. The resolution is not before the
House for amendment; it has only been read for
information.
Mr SMITH, of Virginia. Will the Clerk read
the resolution again ?
The resolution was again read.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I trust that, for this
day at least, it will be the pleasure of members to
adopt such a resolution as that, with a single
amendment—with the exception of ladies for this
day.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I rise to a
question of order. The reception of the resolu-
tion was objected to, and therefore all this debate
is out of order.
Mr. STANTON. Is the resolution objected
to?
The CLERK. It is.
Mr. STANTON. I regret it, for I do not see
how we can get along with the Hall crowded as
it is. If one is allowed admission here, all others
mav claim the same pmilcge and come in.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. If a gentleman
forces himself into this Hall contrary to the wishes
of the Doorkeeper, lie is liable to expulsion and
ought to be instantly expelled; and therefore the
objection of the gentleman from Louisiana [Mr.
Davidson] is not well founded, and we ought not,
at this particular point of time, to enforce any
such rule, inasmuch as there are ladies and others
here upon invitation.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I contend that this is a priv-
ileged question. If the House were organized,and
a Speaker in the chair, the Doorkeeper would have
the power to exclude all persons not entitled to the
privilege of the floor; but until the Speaker be
elected we have no rules. Gentlemen come here
and insist on entering; and when the Doorkeeper
refuses to admit them, they say there are no rules,
and they shove by. In that way we have all sorts
of persons on the floor at all times; and I think
the time has come when this state of things must
be put a stop to.
The CLERK. The Clerk will submit the ques-
tion to the House as to whether this is a privileged
resolution or not.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I ask the previous question
on the resolution.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire the attention of the
gentleman from Louisiana for a moment, to sug-
gest to him that wo have adopted, by resolution,
the 17th rule of the House of Representatives of
last Congress, which excludes persons not entitled
to the privilege of the floor.
Mr. DAVIDSON. My resolution refers to that
rule.
Mr."PHELPS. I did not understand that.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I insist that my resolution
is a privileged question.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Then I insist that
the amendment proposed is a privileged amend-
ment, namely, that the resolution be enlarged so
as to admit ladies on the floor.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, For this day.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Rorthisday. That
is a question of higherprivilege than anything that
refers to the male sex. [Laughter.]
# The CLERK. No amendment can be enter-
tained until the House entertains the resolution
itself. The question is, that this is a privileged
resolution; and the gentleman from Louisiana
aslts that the question, whether it is so or not, be
submitted to the House for its determination.
Mr. OLIN. I submit to the House, how can
this bo a privileged question under therules of the
House while we have no rules' We liavo no rules
by which anybody can be excluded from the floor.
No such rule has been adopted.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. We have the par-
liamentary law, at least; and that protects this
body from being invaded.
Mr. OLIN. The parliamentary law has no
more application to tins House than to any other
body.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I desire to say to the
gentleman from Louisiana, that I think this rule
has been already adopted. There was a resolu-
tion passed by the House, some days ago*, which
authorized the Clerk to keep order in the galle-
ries, as though there was a Speaker in the chair;
and the Doorkeeper was to enforce the rules of the
House so far as order on the floor is concerned.
That resolution covers the whole ground, and I
llinik it is unnecessary to repeat what we have
already done. I ask that the resolution to which
I refer may be read for the information of the
House.
The CLERK. The Clerk desires to say to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, that the resolution
referred to is not at handjust now: but, accord-
ing to the Clerk's recollection, the gentleman from
Pennsylvania has stated substantially the terms
of the resolution. The Clerk begs leave to state
to the House, that, on an examination of that res-
olution, he has not felt authorized, nor did he
deem it his duty, to give the Doorkeeper of the
House any instructions on the subject; and the.
Doorkeeper has not seen fit to undertake to en-
force the 17th rule, under the power conferred by
that resolution.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I will, after to-
day, withdrawal! objection to such a resolution,
ill case we do not succeed in electing a Speaker;
but we have been in session for eight weeks, and
it is now too late, while there are ladies seated in
the Hall, to enforce the rule expelling them.
The CLERK. The question is, whether the
House will entertain the resolution as a privileged
resolution?
Mr. POTTER. Has not there been an amend-
ment offered'
The CLERK. There has been one suggested,
but not regularly offered. The question is, whe-
ther the resolution will be received as a privileged
question'
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. That is not the
proper question. ♦ The question is, whether or
not the resolution is in order? 1 insist that while
there _are other questions pending before the
House—and among them a motion for a call of
the House—this resolution is not in order. I
desire that the question to be submitted to the
House shall be, not whether the resolution of the
gentleman from Louisiana is a privileged question,
but whether it is in order?
The CLERK. Then, if more agreeable to the
gentleman from Ohio, the Clerk will state the
question in the manner suggested by him: "Is
the resolution of the gentleman from Louisiana in
order?"
Mr. KILGORE. I hope the resolution may
get before the House, and be so amended as to
exclude from the floor every one except the mem-
bers and employes of the House. I wish to ex-
clude. Senators, heads of Departments, and even
the President himself, if he deigns to come here
to bring into requisition his influence on recreant
members. I do not wish any man, outside of tie
members and employes of the House, to have a
place on the floor.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I rise to a
point of order.. The resolution of the gentleman
from Louisiana was objected to by the gentleman
from Ohio. That objection being made, the res-
olution could not be xeceived or entertained, ex-
cept by unanimous consent; and, therefore, all
debate is out of order. There are already three
or four questions of order pending; among them
the question raised by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Hickman,] with regard to the cor-
rection of the Journal. I move that there be a
call of the House.
The CLERK. The Clerk begs leave to state to
the gentleman from North Carolina, that the gen-
tleman from Louisiana has taken the position that
his resolution is a privileged resolution; and he
asks that that question be submitted to the House
—the Clerk not feeling authorized to make a de-
cision on it, in accordance with the practice here-
tofore.
'Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. If the gen-
tleman from Louisiana has arighttoinSistonthe
question being put as to whether his resolution
is a privileged resolution, thereby avoiding objec-
tions and points of order, gentlemen who intro-
duced other propositions may do likewise, and
thus get them before the House contrary to the
rules. This resolution cannot be received pend-
ing the objection.
Mr. THEAKER. I want it understood that,
if this resolution proposes to expel ladies from the
floor, my vote shall be recorded against it. If
ladies are to be excepted from the operation of
the rule, I will give it my vote; but-I will never
consent, by my vote, to expel ladies from the floor
of the House of Representatives.
Mr. BURNETT. I think that the whole ob-
ject of the gentleman from Louisiana has been
effected. It is the duty of the Doorkeeper, under
the resolution already adopted by the House, to
exclude from the floor all except those who are
privileged to be on it. It is his duty to execute
the order of the House. There is no necessity
for the passage at this time of a resolution requir-
ing him to perform that duty, if he will only carry
out the former order of the House. I admire
the gallantry of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Theaker] very much; but if we are to admit
one portion of the fair sex, wo ought to throw
open the doors to all of tliem who can find room
here. If we did so, the result would be that it
would be impossible for us to do any business.
Look around the Hall here. It is already crowded
with persons who have no right on the floor. It
is the duty of the Doorkeeper to exclude them,
and to see that the privileges of the floor are not
invaded.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 1 would like to ask
the gentleman a question there, in reference to tha
proposition to modify the resolution so as to admit
ladies. Did he ever know business to be inter-
fered with, as far as ladies arc concerned ? [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. BURNETT. I have no objection to have
the resolution modified in that sense. It would
certainly be gratifying to me to see all the ladies,
who are now crowded around the doors, seated
in the Hall. I certainly have no objection, and I
will vote for a proposition that they be allowed
seats in the Hall; but, so far as gentlemen are
concerned, I do hold that it is the duty of the
Doorkeeper to execute the order.
Now, one word more. While I do not yield
to my venerable friend from Virginia [Mr. Smith]
[laughter] m gallantry toward the ladies, yet 1
must be permitted to say this: that if we admit
a portion of them, we would be dealing unfairly
with the rest; and as it is impossible to admit all,
is it not better to exclude all, than to make one
half of them mad by excluding them, and admit-
ting the other half ?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I should be very
willing to compare with the gentleman to test the
applicability of the term " venerable" to the gen-
tleman and to'myself. The only thing gray about
me, thank God, is my coat. [Laughter.]
Mr. NIBLACK. As I had the honor of pro-
posing the resolutions to which reference has been
made, I will briefly state, that in drawing up thosa
resolutions I had as much reference to this par-
