I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
20T
36th Cono....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Maynard.
Ho. ob1 Reps.
tropics. It is the order of things. I am willing to
conccde that you can do anything that any equal
number of men can achieve. I did mean to taunt
you about Harper's Ferry, but I believe I will not.
I am willing to concede that you are as brave as
other men; although I do not think you show it
by this abusive language; because brave men are
always calm and self-possessed. God feels 110
anger, for He knows no fear.
I say, you can do anything that other men can
do. You can preserve and perpetuate this sys-
tem, if any equal number of men could do it; but
the stars in their courses are fighting against you;
God, in his providence, is fighting against you.
The universe was established upon the great prin-
ciple of justice and truth; it may be jostled out of
its place for a little while, but it will, sooner or
later, fall back to its grooves. You must sacri-
fice slavery for the good of your country. Do
tins, and youVill have the sympathy, the prayers,
and the cooperation of the entire nation.
Refuse or neglect this; refuse to proclaim lib-
erty through all thegjand, to all the inhabitants
thereof, and the exodus of the slave will be through
the Red Sea. It is a well-known physiological,
as well as psychological fact, that ancestral char-
acteristics reappear after a long interval of years,
and even of generations, as streams disappear and
gush out at a distant point. It is also well known
that the Saxon blood is being infiltrated into the
veins of the enslaved. By and by some Marion
-will be found, calling his guerrilla troops from the
swamps and everglades of South Carolina; and
Patrick Ilenry will reappear in the Old Dominion,
shouting, as of old, " Give us liberty, or give us
death !" Then will transpire those sccncs which
troubled the prophetic vision of Jefferson, and
made him tremble for his country, when he re-
membered that God was just and that His justice
would not sleep forever, and that every divine
attribute would be arrayed upon the side of the
struggling bondmen. And he justified the up-
rising, by saying the little finger of American
slaveiy was thicker than the loins of British des-
potism.
Sir, Virginia cannot afford, the country cannot
afford, to continue a practice fraught with so much
of peril. Itis better to remove the magazine, than
to be kept evermore in dread of a lighted match.
The future glory and usefulness of this nation
cannot be sacrificed to this system of crime. The
nations of the earth are to be taught by our ex-
ample. The American Republic must repose
queen among the nations of the earth. Slavery
must die. Carthago est dcleiida.
The philosophy, therefore, and the lesson which
the slave States ought to have learned, from John
Brown and from all these events, are not these
expressions of rage and vengeance. Instead of
being stimulated to revenge, Virginia ought to
have learned the lesson of penitence. Instead of
arraying herself in sheep's-gray, she oughtto have
put on sackcloth and ashes. Instead of imbibing
the distillation of corn, mix^d with the products of
the poultiy-yard, she ought to have drunk the
waters of bitterness, in view of her sin of slave-
holding.
Mr. MARTIN, of Virginia. And if you come
among us we will do with you as we did with John
Brown—hang you up as high as Haman. I say
that as a Virginian.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I have no doubt of it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
ADMISSION OF KANSAS.
SPEECH OF HON. H. MAYNARD, /
OF TENNESSEE, S/
In the House of Representatives,
Jpril 11, I860.
The IIouso having under consideiation the bill (II. R.
No. 93) for the admission of Kansas into the Union—
Mr. MAYNARD said:
Mr. Speaker: We come to the discussion of
Kansas affairs now under very different circum-
stances from those undqr which we discussed them
two years ago. For more than three years, there
had reigned within the limits of that unhappy
Territory, anarchy and civil war. We had heard
all over the country of Kansas "outrages," of
Kansas "wrongs," of contests between "border
ruffians " and the emissaries of "emigrant aid
societies;" of "bowie knives" and "Sharpe's
rifles;" of the wounds of "bleeding Kansas, "and
the defloration of her "virgin soil." Itis about
two years since Congress passed what may be
termed an enabling act, to allow Kansas to come
into the Union under what is known as the Le-
compton constitution, if she chose so to do; or, if
she did not, to frame a constitution to suit herself,
and come in under its provisions.
The effect of that legislation upon the affairs of
Kansas, every gentleman will bear me witness,
has been to bring quiet and peace to heftorders.
Since the passage of that law we have heard
nothing of these outrages; nothing of the turbu-
lent proceedings that had disgraced her before
that time; and if there were anything else wanted
to justify the wisdom of Congress in that legis-
lation, the effect produced by it is certainly that
additional justification. Consequently, we are
now permitted to consider our obligations towards
Kansas coolly, carefully, deliberately, without
any of that necessity which everybody supposed
to be resting upon us during the last and the pre-
vious Congress. We are now permitted to in-
quire whether she comes here and applies 'for
admission to the Union as a State under such con-
ditions that we are required to grant the applica-
tion.
In the first place, has she a sufficient population
to give her, under the last apportionment, a rep-
resentation 111 Congress-—I mean has she a popula-
tion of ninety-three thousand four hundred and
twenty persons ? The act of the last Congress pro-
vided, that when that fact should be ascertained
by a census legally taken, she should then, if she
chose, be permitted to elect delegates to a conven-
tion who might frame for her a constitution; and
not before.
It was suggested by the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Pendleton] yesterday, that the taking of
that census was devolved by the act upon the
Federal authorities. I do not think so. Such is
not the language of the act. Besides, if the Fed-
eral Government had undertaken to make such
a census, I care not how fairly, nor with what
amount of pains it might have been done, if the
result had demonstrated a population in the Ter-
ritory of less than ninety-three thousand four
hundred and twenty persons, pray tell me—and
the question is certainly pertinent—pray tell me
what do you suppose we should have heard about
fraud; about Executive interference, and abuse
generally of Executive power; of frauds at the
Oxford precinct; of frauds at Kickapoo; of frauds
at the Delaware Crossing; of frauds at Lecoinp-
ton; of frauds at Leavenworth; of frauds without
limit and without number? It was right, it was
proper, that the Territory itself should take the
census under her own legislation.
Mr. PENDLETON. Do I understand the gen-
tleman to say that I admitted yesterday that the
census should be taken by the Federal authority?
Mr. MAYNARD. I understood the gentleman
not only to admit it, but to assert that it should have
been taken by the Federal authority; and that, not
having made an appropriation for this purpose,
Congress had waived the necessity of a census.
Mr. PENDLETON. On the contrary, I am
well aware that, at the time the conference bill was
passed, during the discussion of this feature of the
bill, the question was raised whether the census
should be taken by the Federal authority or the
territorial authority. The opponents of the bill
then asserted that, it must be by the Federal au-
thority. The friends of the bill, on the contrary,
asserted that it need not be taken by the Federal
authorities.
Mr. MAYNARD. I am very glad that I mis-
understood the gentleman, or that he has better
considered the matter and corrects his statement.
Mr. PENDLETON. No, sir; I made no such
statement yesterday. I have not changed my po-
sition.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I undcistand that this
census was not ordered, o.ven by the Territorial
Legislature of Kansas, until after the convention
had been held.
Mr. MAYNARD. I certainly wish to do the
gentleman from Ohio no injustice, and I will quota
from his remarks as published in the Globe. He
says:
" I cannot believe that the Congress of the United States
would insist upon a census as a condition precedent to the
admission of a State, when they refused to appropriate tlae
neeessaiy amount of money for taking it."
However that may be, it seems that a census
has been taken by the authority of the Territory.
It seems—no doubt to the surprise of the people
there, as it was certainly to my surprise, for I
frankly admit that, from information derived from
an official and anti-Lecompton source, which I
deemed perfectly reliable, I had supposed Kansas
to contain a population much larger than the rep-
resentative ratio—it seems that, upon talcing the
census, instead of ninety-three thousand four
hundred and twenty people, she has barely sixty
thousand.
A Voice. The exact number is seventy-one
thousand.
Mr. MAYNARD. I am told the census shows
she has seventy-one thousand. I think there is
no reference to a census having been taken of the
population of that Territory, in the report of the
committee upon this subject. We heard nothing
about it in debate, until the fact was brought out
by a question of the gentleman from Mississippi,
[Mr. Barkseale.]
1 am satisfied, by the argument addressed to the
House yesterday by the Delegate from Kansas—
not from the expression of his opinion to that
effect, but as a fair inference to be derived from
his argument—that she has not a suffisient popu-
lation to entitle her to admission. Two things
in the gentleman's speech were made very clear
to my apprehension: one, that Kansas had not
the requisite population under the legislation of
tho last Congress; the other, that the Delegate
regarded hor admission to the Union as aforegone
conclusion, no matter what obstacles or objections
might be interposed.
To pass on. There is another objection in my
mind to the admission of Kansas under the pres-
ent application and with the present constitution.
During the last Congress, it will be remembered
that Minnesota and Oregon both made application
to be admitted as States. It will perhaps be re-
membered that I, and those with whom 1 act
on political questions, opposed the admission of
both those States. T opposed the admission of
Minnesota with two Representatives, because I
did not believe she had a population to entitle her
to them. I also opposed Oregon because I did
not believe she had a population sufficient to en-
title her to one Representative; and I do not believe
at this day she has, m point of fact, fifty thousand
people within her limits.
We opposed the admission of ffoth those States
upon another ground—that their respective con-
stitutions permitted aliens, resident within their
limits, to have the privileges of sovereignty by
conferring upon them the elective franchise. It
will be recollected that my colleague, the prede-
cessor of the gentleman now sitting before me,
[Mr. Q,uari.es,] who for several years had hon-
oiably occupied a position upon the very import-
ant Committee on Territories—a position which
has been taken away from us under the present
organization of the House, and given to a mem-
ber of the dominant party, so that our voice is
not heard in the deliberations of that committee—
it will be recollected, I say, that my colleague
then presented a minority report on the subject
of the admission of Oregon, in which he discussed
this question with his usual exhaustive ability;
which report I prefer, for the sake of convenience
and brevity, to adopt as a portion of my argu-
ment; and I will take the liberty to append it to
my remarks.—(Appendix A.)
I do notpropose to reargue the question. Suf-
fice it that the position then assumed by us was
this: that aliens, unnaturalized foreigners, ought
not to enjoy the elective franchise, and cannot,
under the Constitution, which was made for the
benefit of citizens; that they ought not, therefore,
thus to participate in the government of the coun-
try. And again, that this action of individual
States, conferring upon aliens the right of suffrage,
is an indirect mode of conferring upon them the
right of naturalization, in direct conflict with the
Constitution, which grants this power to Con-
gress alone. I know that it is said we have 110th-
