1860.
£8 42. In Illinois, lands bordering upon Slavery
are worth only $4 54 an acre, wlule other lands
m Illinois are worth $8 05. As in the value of
lands, so in all other 'influences is Slavery feit
for evil, and Freedom felt for good; and thus
is it clearly shown to be for the interest of the
Slave status to be surrounded by a. circle of Free
States.
Thus, atcvery point is the character of Slavery
more and more manifest, rising and dilating into
an overshadowing Barbarism,darkening the whole
V ii i • j0"?'1 lts influence, population, values
of all kinds, manufactures, commerce, railroads,
canals, charities, the post office, colleges, pro-
fessional schools, academies, public schools,
newspapers, periodicals, books, authorship, in-
ventions, are all stunted, and, under a Govern-
ment which professes to be founded on the intel-
ligence of the people, one in twelve of the white
adults in the region of Slavery is officially re- j
ported as unable to read and write. Never was !
the saying; of Montesquieu more triumphantly !
verified, that countries are not cultivated by rea-
son ol their fertility, but by reason of their lib-
To this truth the Slave States constantly :
testify by every possible voice. Liberty is the !
powerful agent which dnvesiheplow, the spindle !
and the keel; wkich opens avenues of all kinds' I
which inspires charity; which awakens a love of i
• knowledge, and supplies the means of eratifyin"- j!
it. Liberty is the fiist of .schoolmasters. &
Untiling and passionless es thus far have ,1
been our witnesses. But their testimony will be ll
enhanced by a final glance at the geographical ;!
character of the Slave States; and here there is a I!
singular and instructive parallel. ji
Jefferson described Virginia as fast sinking to '!
be "the Barbary of the Union"—meaning, of iI
course, the Larbary of his (lay, which had not yet ''
turned against Slavery. In tins allusion he was
wiser than he knew. Though on different sides
of the Atlantic and on different continents, .our
alavo States and the original Uarbarv States oc-
cupy nearly the same paiallcls of latitude; occupy
nearly the same extent of longitude; embrace
nearly the same number of square miles; enjoy
Kindred advantages of climate, bein^ equally re-
moved from the cold of the North and the burning
heat of the tropics; and also enjoy kindtvd bound-
anus of land and water, with kindred advantages
of ocean and .sea, with this diftcience, that the
boundaries of the two regions are precisely rc-
yeiscd, so that where is land in one ease is water
m the other, while in both cases there is the same
extent of ocean and the same extent of sea. Noi-
ls this all, Algiers, for a long time the most ob-
noxious place in the Barbary States of Africa,
once branded by an indignant chronicler as " the
wall of the barbarian world," is situated near the
paiallel of 36^ 30' north latitude, being the line of
the Missouri compromise, which once maikcd
the "wall " of Slavery in our country west *>f the
Mississippi, while Morocco, the chief present
seat of Slavery in the African Barbary, is on the
parallel of Charleston. There are no two spaces
on the surface of the globe, equal hi extent, (and
an examination of the map will verify what I am
about to state,) which present so many distinctive
features of resemblance; whether we consider the
common parallels of latitude on which they lie,
the common nature of their boundaries, their
common productions, their common climate, or
the common Barbarism which sought Wicker in
both. *1 do not stop to inquire why Shivery—
banished at last from Europe, banished also from
tiatpartof this hemisphere winch corresponds
in latitude to Europe—should hav intrenched
itself m both hemispheres between the same par-
cels of latitude, so that Virginia, Carolina, Mis-
sissippi, and Missouri, should be the American
complement to Morocco, Algiers, Tripoli, and
i-ums. But there fS one important Joint in the
parallel which remains to be fulfilled. The bnr-
^aious Emperor of Morocco, in the words of a
Ari-aty, has expressed his desire that Slavery
might pass from the memory of men, while Al-
giers, Tripoli, and Tunis, after cherishing Sia-
vf'Y with a tenacity equaled only by the tenacity
South Carolina, have successively renounced
jt and delivered it over to the indignation of man-
pad. In following this example the parallel will i
be complete, and our Barbary will become the I
complement in Freedom to the African Barbary, I
&S it has already been its complements Slavery, I
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and is unquestionably its complement in geo-
graphical character.
11. From the consideration of Slayery in its
practical results, illustrated by the contrast be-
tween the Free Sates and Slave States, I pass
now to another stage of the argument, and pro-
ceed to exhibit Slavery in its influence on the
Chakacter. of Slave-masters. Nothing could
i Undertake more painful, and yet there is noth-
ing which is more essential to the discussion,
especially m response to the pretensions of Sena-
tors on this floor, nor is there any point on which
tiiQ evidence is more complete.
It is in the Character of Slavery itself that we
aie to find the Character of Slave-masters; but I
need not go back to the golden hps of Chrysostom
o leain that "Slavery is the Auitofcovetousness,
ii or extravagance, of insatiable greediness;" for we
j! have already seen that this five-fold enormity is
j! inspired by the single idea of compelling men to
|| toork without wages. This spirit must naturally
ji ®RPear. th.« Slave-master. But the eloquent
li Sj'. Saint tilcl not disclose tile whole truth,
j, Slavery is founded on violence,as we have already
; loo clearly seen; of course it can be sustained only
j by kindred violence, sometimes against the dc-
| fenseiess slave, sometimes against the freeman
i whose indignation is aroused at the outrage. It
i is founded Oil biutal and vulgar pretensions, as
: we have already too clearly seen; of couise it can
i be sustained only by kindred brutality and vul-
garity. The denial of all rights in the slave can
j be sustained only Uy a disregard of other rights,
I common to the whole community, whether of the
j person, of the press, or of speech. Where tins
j t'Xish; there can be but one supreme law, to which
1 an otner laws, legislative or social, are subordi-
nate, and this is the pretended law of Slavery.
All these tilings must be manifest m Slave-mas-
teifcj, and yet, unconscious of their true condition,
they make boasts which icveal still fiuthcr the
unhappy influence. Baibarous standards of con-
duct arc unblushmgly avowed. The swagger of
a bully is called chivalry; a swiftness to quarrel
is called courage; the bludgeon is adopted as a
substitute for argument; and assassination is lifted
to be one ot the T ine Arts. Long ago it was fixed
certain that the day which made1" man a slave
"took half his worth away —words from the
ancAont harp «f Homer, resounding through Ion°-
gemmations, Aotlung here is said of the human
being at the other end of the chain. To aver that
on this same day all his worth is taken away
might seem inconsistent with exceptions which
we gladly recognize; but alas! it is too clear,
both irom reason and from evidence, that, bad as
Slavery is for the slave, it is worse for the Master.
In making this exposure I am fortified, at the
outset, by two classes of authorities, whose testi-
mony jt will be difficult to question; the first is
Ametican, and founded on personal^xperience;
the second is philosophical, and founded on ever-
lasting truth.
First, +'2merica)i Jlxithorily; and here I adduce
woids often quoted, which dropped from the lips
of Slave-masters m those better days when, seeing
the wrong of Slavery, they escaped from its in-
jurious influence. Of these, none expressed them-
selves with more vigor than Colonel Mason, a
Slave-master from Virginia, m debate on the adop-
tion of the National Constitution. These are his
words:
2595
thp'o-hl'!.6;;?10™* °f ontpart> an<i ,he ™nor palrict of
of the people, their Industry also is*destr«y^L  ^ttainorais
Next comes the Philosophic Authority; and here
the langu'age which I quote may be less familiar,
but it is hard y less commanding. Among names
of such weight, I shall not discriminate, but shall
Simply follow the order of time in which they
appeared. First is John Locke, the great author
of the English System of Intellectual Philosophy,
who, though once unhappily conceding indul-
gence to American Slavery, in another place de-
scribes it, in words which every Slave-master
should know, as—
"The state of war continued between a lawful eon-
quciorandhis captive.* * * * " So od-
'"5, t«mp«r and courage of our nation,
that lis hardly to he conceived that an Englishman, JiUCH
less a gentleman, ShouldplcadJot%t
Then comes Adam Smith, the founder of the
science of Political Economy, who, in his work
on Morals, thus utters himself:
" There is not a negro from the coastof Africa whodoe«
sorilwl S're ot ™aSnanimily which the soul of his
sordid master is too often scarce capable of conceiving.
J o time never exerted more cruelly her empire overmra-
tl e <-nU J0cled natlons of heroes to
tuc refuse of gaob of Lurope, to wrctcbcs who nossesstha
Srr"ei,t,'<i,r0^hecou"t,1-w>^1,^eye°i„efrom,nor
ol tiio-e wliicilthey go to, and vhose levity, brutality, ani
baseness, so justly expose them to the contcmpt of the van-
quished. —Theory oj Moral Sentiments, Pa; I V, chapter 2.
| " Slavery discourages arts and manufactures. The poor
6'cspisr labor when performed by .slaves. Thev prevent the
; emulation of whites, who reallj eimeh and Mrcnjrtlien a
; country. They produce the riost pernicious ejject on mcni~
I ners. Ma>tmiof ^lavln i^boun a putty tyrant.
j They bring the judgment of Heaven on a country *'
! Thus, with a few touches, docs this Slave-
master portray his class, putting them in that hate-
ful list, which, according to every principle of
liberty, must be resisted so long as wc obey God.
And this same testimony also 'found expression
from the fiery soul of Jefferson. Here are some
of Ins words:
<£ The/e must be an unhappy intluence on the manners
ol our people, produced by the existence of Slavery among
us 'flic whole commerce between master and slave h a
perpetual exeicise of the most boisteious passions, the
most unremitting despotism on the one part, and de-
grading submissions on tho oilier; our children see this,
and learn to imitate it." * *■ * * "Theinan
must be a prodigy who can retain his manners and morals
uiuiepraved by such circunntancei. And with what execra-
tion should tlie statesman be loaded, who, permitting one
half the citizens! thu3 to trample on the rights of the other,
transforms-ihoss into despot$f and theso utfo enemies; de-
Th is judgment, pronounced just a century ag-o,
was repelled by the Slave-masters of Virginia/in
a feeble publication which attests at least their
own consciousness that they were the criminals
arraigned by the distinguished philosopher. This
was soon followed by the testimony of the givat
English moralist, Dr. Johnson, who, in a letter to
a friend, thus shows his opinion of Slave-masters;
" ?'"> for a yC!lr' or for a <ia-v'the most efficacious
method of advancing CUristmnitv, m compliance with any
purposes, that terminate on tiiisside of tile grave, is a crime
ot winch ] know not that the world has had an example,
except, iu the pratiee of the planters of America, a race of
mortals whom, /suppose, no other man wishes to resemble " 
Letter to milium prummond, 13th August, m&.~BosweWs
Lxje of Johnson, hy Croker.
With such authorities, American and Philoso-
phic, I need not hesitate in this ungracious task;
but Truth, which is mightier than Mason and
Jefferson, than John Locke, Adam Smith, and
Samuel Johnson, marshals the evidence in un-
broken succession.
Proceeding with this argument, which broadens
as we advance, wc shall see Slave-masters (1) in
the Law of Slavery, (2^ in their relations with
Slaves, (3) in their relations with each other and
with Society, and (4) in that unconsciousness
which renders them insensible to their true char-
acter.
(1.) Asinconsideringthe Character of Slavery,
so ill considering the Character of Slave-masters,
we must begin with the Law of Slavery, -ivhicli,
as their work, testifies against them. In the face
of such an unutterable abomination, where im-
piety, cruelty, brutality, and robbery, all strive
for mastery, it is in \ain to assert the humanity
or refinement of its authors. Pull well I know
that the conscience, which speaks so powerfully
to the solitary soul, is often silent in the corpo-
rate body, and that, in all ages and countries,
numbers, when gathered in communities and
States, have sanctioned acts from which the indi-
vidual revolts. And yet I know no surer way
judging a people than by its laws, especially
where those laws have been long continued and
openly maintained.
Whatever may be the eminence of individual
virtue—and I would not so far disparage human-
ity as to suppose that the offenses which may be
general where Slavery exists arc universal—it is
not reasonable or logical to infer that the masses
of Slave-masters are better than the Law of Sla-
very. And since the law itself degrades the slave
to be a chattel, and submits him to their irre-
sponsible control, with power to bind and to
scourge; to usurp the fruits of another's labor; to
pollute the body; and to outrage all ties of fam-
ily, making marriage impossible—we must con-
clude that such enormities are sanctioned by
Slave-masters, while the exclusion of testimony,
and prohibition of instruction—by supplementary
law—complete the evidence of their complicity.
And this conclusion must stand unquestioned just
so long as the Law of Slavery exists unrepealed.
Cease, then, to blazon the'humanity of Slave-
