1652
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
Virginia, offered an amendment, and in his amend-
ment there was one section whicli twill read:
" Sec. 9. Jind be it farther enacted, That the person ap-
plying for the benefit of the eighth section of this act shall,
upon'applieatioii to the register of the land office in which
he or she is about to make s$ueh entry, make affidavit before
the said register that he or she is the head of a family, or
is twenty-one years of age, and that such application is
made for his or her exclusive use and benefit, and tbo^e
specially mentioned herein, and not either directly or indi-
rectly for the use or benefit of any other person or persons
whomsoever; and upon making the affidavit as herein re-
quired. and filing it with the register, he or she shall there-
upon be permitted to enter the quantity of land specified :
Provided, koivcvcr, That no certificate shall he given or
patent issued therefor, until the expiration of five years
from the date of such pnfry, and until the person or per-
sons entitled to the land so entered shall have paid for the
same tvventv-fivc cents per acre, or if the lands have bsen
in market more than twenty years, twelve and a half cents
per acre."
This was an amendment offered by Mr. Hun-
ter. to the homestead bill of 1854, which passed
the House of Representatives by nearly a major-
ity of two thirds; and the Journal gives the vote
upon it, which I will read:
" On the question to agree to the said amendment as
amended, ^
44 It was determined in the affirmative—yeas 34, nays 13.
" On motion ofMr. Adams,
" The yGas and nays being debited by one fifth of the
Scnatois prosent,
" Those who voted in the affirmative are:
"Messrs. Adam«, Atchison, Bcniamin, Bright, flrod-
Ma.son, Pcttit, Rusk, Sebastian, SIUokK Slirtull. tftuait
Thompson of Kentucky, Thomson of Now Jei scy, Toombs,
Toucey, and Walker."
Before We had not the Senator's vote, but we
had his tacit consent; but here stands the vote of
the gentleman who is arraigning Tennessee, to
reduce the price of the public land, and let a man
have it at twelve and a half cents an acre, accord-
ing to a proposition introduced by his own col-
league Where does ho stand now? I think Ten-
nessee will compare at least favorably with the
Old Dominion in that particular. But again:
" On motion of Mr. Fithpatrick, to cuneml the amend-
ment proposed by Mr. Hun-itr, bv insortmir after the word
< acre,' in the fir>t section, sixteenth line, k and a!! lands
which shall have been offered at public .sale, and t-hall to-
main unsold thirty year* thereafter, shall he teduccd to a
price of twelve and a hall cents an acio
the yeas and nays were again called; and the
Senator from Virginia a second time recorded his
vote to reducc the pricc of the land to twelve and
a half cents an acre. Then camc the question on
the final passage of the bill:
"The bill (U.K. No. 37) tograntaliomesteadofnnolmn-
dred and sixty acres of the public land.-; to actual settlers,
was read the third time, as amended; and having buen tin
tlicr amended, byunanimousconsent,on tlio motion ot Mi.
f'ettit, the title was amended; and,
" On the question, Shall the bill pass?
"It was deteimined in tin1 aflimiiUivc—yeas 35, nays 11.
u (in motion ol Mr. "VVctler,
"The yea,-* and nays being desired by one litlh ol the
Senators present,
"Those who voted in the affirmative aie :
"Messrs. Adams, Atchison, liieiht, llrodhead, Tlrovrn,
Cutler, Cass, Cli.no, Clav, Dod e ol Wisconsin, Jlodse of
Iowa, Douglas, Evans, I<'uzitatiic!c,Gcjer,Gwm, Hamlin,
Houston, Hunter, Jame«, Johnson, Jones of Iowa, Rial-
loiy, Mason, Pettit, Husk, S.-liastian, Shields, Shdi-ll,
Stuait, Sumner, Thomson of New Jersey, Toombs, Tou-
cey, Walker, and Weller.'*
The Senator was enlightened a little yesterday:
I want to enlighten him more to-day. I doubt
very much if he remembers exactly what he did
on all those questions sometimes, and the refresh-
ing of the memory is of 110 disadvantage to any
of us. I think that his speech yesterday came
with no very good grace from a Senator with this
sorttif a record. How do you stand when yon
talk about the influence on the slavery question ?
Docs not reducing land to twelve and alialf cents
induce settlement? What is the proposition un-
der consideration ? It is to reduce the price to
twelve and a half cents an acre in one bill, and in
the other to ten dollars lor the whole one hundred
and sixty acres, and paying office fees. Wheie
is the difference in principle ? Where is the enor-
mity of the one that does not exist in the other?
Where is the danger to the institution of slavery
growing out of the adoption of the one measure
that does not grow out of Ihe other?
Virginia, under a system of bounty land war-
rants to her revolutionary soldiers and others,
has received nearly two million five hundred thou-
sand acres of land; and when we stand with Vir-
ginia, and, commencing with Washington, with
every Administration to the present time, are we
to be arraigned and taunted with our association ?
When and where did the preemption policy start ?
Did it not start with General Jackson? When
and where did the graduation policy start ? Did
it not start with General Jackson? Is not Ten-
nessee standing now where she stood then ? What
is the homestead policy ? It is a part and parcel
of the same great idea of carrying the public lands
into the possession of every man that will take
them and make a proper use of them. We stand
where Washington stood. We stand where Jef-
ferson stood. We stand where all the Democratic
Administrations have stood, and even where the
Senator himself has heretofore stood.
Where does the gentleman get his association,
and what is it for? Instead of relying on the ar-
gument of the question, ho tries to associate with
it a prejudice with which he thinks it can be struck
with much more ease and force than by meeting
the question upon argument. Virginia is to re-
buke Tennessee on this subject, talking about
making free States! Is Virginia to rebuke any
other State in this Confederacy in reference to free
States? Go back to the ordinance of 1787, first
brought forward by Mr. Jefferson in 1784; go
back to the surrender of public lands in the North-
west, which I never conceded were Virginia's
more than any other State's—but let that be as it
may, I will not argue it now; she assumed that
they were hers; but the surrender of her territory
resulted ill the creation of five free States, all now
admitted into this Confederacy with their Sena-
tors on this floor. Is Virginia to rebuke Tennes-
see, alarmed at the creation of free States ? Those
States have fallen from your hands. Are you dis-
satisfied with them ? Do you want to turn them
out of the Union? Tennessee prefers to follow
principle, understanding that, in the pursuit of
correct principle, we can never reach a wrong con-
clusion; and although some become Manned and
are carried off by the ad caplandum slan j of the
day, Tennessee intends to stand on principle, and
intends to pursue it unalterably and unswervingly,
as her own noble rivers that come rushing from
her mountains' sides, and make their Avay down
her valleys and through her plains m their ma-
lestic career to the great father of waters. Here
'Tennessee intends to stand firm upon principle—
as firm and unyielding as her own native mount-
ains, with their craggy and projecting brows,
rock-ribbed, and as ancient, as the sun- She does
not stand hero to be rebuked by any State, or the
Senators from any State. £Sow, as heretofore, in
the field or m the council chamber, she can take
care of herself. Gentlemen taunt us with an as-
sociation with the Republican party, because the
Republican party is showing a little sagacity,
being pretty hard pressed for capital, and setting
out as privateers, picking up whatever they can i
lind that is profitable. They find that a measure
and .i grc at principle that has been advocated by
the Democratic party for years is popular; that the
public judgment is recorded for it.
In lM(i, when this measure was inaugurated in
its present substantial shape, was it inaugurated
by that party? It was before the party iiad an
existence, it was pressed amid the taunts and
the jeers of individuals, until the public judgment
laid' hold of it; and, in 1852, m compliance with
that public judgment, the House of Represent-
atives, em the i£th day of May, passed it by a
fraction less than a two-thirds vote. It is a Dem-
ocratic measure, not a Republican. Bo we know
so little of ourselves, do we stand so little upon
principle, thaf because Republicans come forward
and assume a measure we are for, we are to be
seared off and let thern take it? Do we not un-
derstand ourselves better than that? In 1854, it
was brought up by* a Democratic member, and
passed the House of Representatives by a two-
thirds vote, and came to the Senate. In the last
Congress it passed the House again, and came to
the Senate. The public judgment has ratified it
again and again, and will the Senate not yield to
the high behests of an enlightened public judg-
ment? We are told here that the Senate is to be
obeyed, and not the people; that the Senate is to
be obeyed, and not the States Whom docs this
Government belong to, and for whose use was it
created? Was the Government created for the
people, or the people for the Government? I hold
that the Government was created fur the people;
that this Federal Government is the creature of
the States; and when they have spoken and de-
clared their solemn judgment, it is the duty of the
Senate to obey. Look at the votes in the House
of Representatives in 1852 and 1854. There was
no party test then on this measure. Whigs and
Democrats, Americans and every other class,
voted for it, and some of all classes voted against
it; but, all at once, it has got a "nigger" in it-
slavery has crept into the question—and now it
takes a new phase.
Sometimes the measure is met upon constitu-
tional grounds. I do not pretend at all to be a con-
stitutional lawyer; but there are some proposi-
tions that are so plain that anybody can understand
them. I say the distinction is broad and clear
between the power of the Federal Government
over its revenues and over its public lands. Con-
gress has power to lay and collect taxes, duties,
imposts, and excises, to pay the debts and pro-
vide for the common defense and general welfare.
When duties and debts have been laid, when
taxes have been collected and paid into the Treas-
ury, Congress then has specific and definite powers
in reference to their appropriation. But in refer-
ence to the public lands, the power is in a sepa-
rate clause and the words are different. It may
dispose of the public lands for the purpose of ob-
taining revenue; and being disposed of for reve-
nue, that revenue when obtained must be appro-
priated under the restraints and restrictions of
the Constitution. It is not worth while to be very
metaphysical, or to draw very nice distinctions;
but in this matter the distinction is broad. Con-
gress has the power " to dispose of and make all
needful rules and regulations respecting the terri-
tory or other property belonging to the United
States." "Dispose of" it for what purpose?
What does the Government acquire territory for?
Is it to lie vacant and dormant? Is it to remain
unproductive ? What is the great object of acquir-
i ng territory ? When you acquire territory that is
unpopulated, you have not only the power, but,
in obedience to the object for whicli it was ac-
quiied, it is your duty to pass laws that will en-
courage and induce the settlement of that terri-
tory. =Has not that been the practice ? The fathers
of the Republic looked at it in that way, and gave
it that construction. 1 say it is the duty of the
Government to adopt those means that will induce
settlement, to populate an unsettled territory.
I will say here, that I do not believe this Govern-
ment can dispose of the territory for other than
governmental purposes; but it can dispose of it
for some governmental purposes for which it can-
not dispose of the public money. I know that this
sort of argument is sometimes made: "You get
money, you buy land, and you give the land
away." That does not affect the broad provisions
of the Constitution at all. If the land is acquired
by treaty, whether you pay money or not, it then
passes under the general provision " to dispose
of the territory." If we acquire territory must
we have back precisely what we pay for that
territory? If the argument be sound ill one case
it is equally sound m the other. Where are
the great and patriotic men wiio have gone to the
battle-field and perished at the cannon's mouth?
Can we get them back ? Where are the great men
that now sleep inafoieign land, who fell in deadly
conflict until a foreign foe, beneath the crimsoned
spear, and went to their long, narrow home, with
no winding sheet save their telit-blankets, which
were saturated with their blood? Can you get
them back > If you must have back what you
offered up for tins territory, you must get these
men; get back the fathers of those orphans that
are left in the land; get back the husbands of these
widows who have been made poor and destitute,
before you talk about getting back the dollars and
cents. Where would you get the material out of
which to coin this blood ?
Who, then, is entitled to this public domain?
Are not the descendants of those who shed then-
blood and offered up their lives on the altar of
their country, entitled to a little piece of ground
upon which they call make their support? Whose
land is it? Is it the Government's ? If the land
is the Government's, whom does the Government
belong to? It belongs to the people^ The Gov-
ernment is the agent: and it has no right to with-
hold from the great mass of the people that which
is theirs.
Mr. WIGFALL. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him what he means by the people > I ask
him seriously, because I want a reply
