25U
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 4,
gutters. Tell mc not of the lenity with which !
this cruel Code is tempered to its unhappy sub-
ject£. Tell mc not of the sympathy which ovcr-
. flows from the mansion of the master to the cabin
of the slave. In vain you assert such "'happy
$cpi<3euts." in vain you show that there are in-
dividuals vydio dp not exert the wickedness of the
The Barbarism still endures, solemnly,
legislatively, judicially attested in the very Slave
Co.de, and proclaims constantly the character of
its authors. Attd this is the nrst article in the
evidence against Slave-masters.
. ' (2«) I am next brought to Slave-masters in their
relations, with Slaves; and here the argument is
founded upon facts, and upon presumptions irre-
sistible as facts. Only lately has inquiry burst
into that gloomy world of bondage, and disclosed
its secrets. But enough is already known to
arouse the indignant condemnation of mankind.
For instance, here is a simple advertisement—one
of thousands—from the Georgia Messenger:
" Ron Away—My man Fountain; has holes in his pars,
a scar on the right side of his forehead; has been shot in
the hind parts of his legs; is marked on his back with the
wliip.—Apply to Hobcrt Beasley, Macon, Georgia."
Holes in the ears; senr on the forehead; shot
in the legs, and marks of the lash on the back!
Such are the tokens by which a Slave-master pro-
poses to identify his slave.
And here is another advertisnment, revealing
Slave-masters in a different light. It is from the
National Intclligencer, published at the Capital;
and I confess the pain with which I cite such an
indecency in a journal of such respectability. Of
course, it appeared without the knowledge of the
editors; but it is none the less an illustrative ex-
ample:
"For Sale—An accomplished and handsome lady's
maid. She is just sixteen years of age; was laised in a
genteel family in Maryland; and is now proposed to be
gold, not for any fault, but simply bccause the owner has
no further use for her. A note directed to C. D., Gadsby's
Hotel, will receive piompt attention."
A sated libertine, in a land where vicc is legal-
ized, could not expose his victim with apter words.
These two instances will illustrate a class.
In the recent work of Mr. Olmstcad, a closc
observer and traveler in the Slave S.tates, which
abounds in pictures of Slavery, expressed with
caution, and evident regard to truth, will be found
still another, where a Slave-master thus frankly
confesses his experience:
" I can tell you how you can break a ni£<;rr of i mining
&way? certain," said the Slave-master. " There was an
old fellow I used to know in Georgia, tbat always ctm'd
his so. If a nigger ran away, when lie caught him, lie
would bind his knee over a Jog, and fa&teii him be
couldn't stir; then he'd take a pair of pineer*. and pull one
ef his toe-nails out by the root*; and tell him that if he ever
run away again, he would pull out two ol them; and if lie
run away again after that, he told turn he'd pull out four of
them,and ao on, doubling each time. He never had to do
it more, than twice; it always cured them."—Ohmtead's
Toxas Journey? 105.
Like this story, which is from the lips of a
Slave-master, is another, where the master, angry
because,his slave had sought to regain his God-
given liberty, deliberately cut the tendons of his
heel, thus horribly maiming him for life !
It is in vain that these instances are denied.
Their accumulating number, authenticated in
every possible manner, by the press, by a cloud
of witnesses, and by the confession of Slave-mas-
ters, stares us constantly in the face.
And here we are brought again to the slave
code, under the shelter of which these and worse
things may be done, with complete impunity.
Listen to the remarkable words of Chief Justice
RufRn, of North Carolina, who, in a solemn de-
pision, thus portrays, affirms, and deplores, this
terrible latitude:
u The obedience of the slave/' he say, k' is the conse-
quence only of uncontrolled authority over the body." *
*' * * <( Thepoxoer of the master must be absolute
to render the submission of the slave perfect. I must freely
confess my sense of the*harshness of this proposition. I
feel it as deeply ae any man can. And, as a principle of
moral right, every person in his retirement must repudiate
it. But, In the actual condition of things, it mus>t be so
There is no remedy. This discipline belongs to Ike state of
Slavery. It id inherent in the relation of master aud slave."
—The Slate vs. Mann, 2 Devcccauj; R., 292,
And this same terrible latitude has been thus
expounded in a recent judicial decision of Vir-
ginia:
"it is the policy of the law in respect to the relation of
master and slave, &hd for the sake of securing propei sub-
ordination and obedience on the part of the slave, to pro-
iect lke master from prosecution, even if the whipping and
punishment be malicious, cruet} and excessive.,y—Santher vs.
Cwelt, 7 Grattan. 673.
Can Barbarism further go ? Here is an irre-
sponsible power, rendered more irresponsible still
by the seclusion of the plantation, and absolute-
ly fortified by the supplementary law excluding
the testimony of slaves. That under its shelter
enormities should occur, stranger than fiction,
too terrible for imagination, and surpassing any
individual experience, is simply according to the
course of nature and the course of history. The
visitation of the abbeys m England disclosed vice
and disorder m startling forms, cloaked by the
irresponsible privacy of monastic life. A similar
visitation of plantations, would disclose more fear-
ful results, cloaked by the irresponsible privacy
of Slavery. Every Slave-master on his planta-
tion is a Bashaw, with all the prerogatives of a
Turk. According to Hobbes, he is "apetty
king.'5 This is true; and every plantation is of
itself a petty kingdom, with more than the immu-
nitiesof an abbey. Six thousand skulls of infants
are said to have been taken from a single fish-
pond near a nunnery, to the dismay of Pope
Gregory. Under the law of Slavery, infants the
offspring of masters <f who dream of Freedom in
a slave's embrace," are not thrown into a fish-
pond, but something worse is done. They arc sold.
But this j\s only a single glimpse. Slavery, in its
recesses, is another Bastilo, whose horrors will
never be known until it all is razed to the ground;
it is the dismal castle of Giant Despair, which,
when captured by the Pilgrims, excited their
wonder, as they saw "the (lend bodies that lay
here and there in the castle-yard, and how full of
dead men's bones the dungeon was." The re-
corded horrors of Slavery seem to be infinite, and
each day, by the escape of its victims, they arc
still further attested, while the door of the vast
prison-house is left ajar. But, alas! unless the
examples of history and the lessons of political
wisdom are alike delusive, its unrecorded horrors
must assume a form of yet more fearful dimen-
sions, as we try to contemplate them. Baffling all
attempts at description, they sink into that chap-
ter of Sir Thomas Browne, entitled, Of some Re-
lations whose Truth we fear; and among kindred
things whereof, according to this eloquent philos-
opher, there remains no register but that of hell.
If this picture of the relations of Slave-masters
with their sla\cs could receive any further dark-
ness, it would be by introducing the figures of the
congenial agents through which the Barbarism is
maintained; the Slave-overseer, the Slave-breeder,
and the Slave-hunter, each without a peer except
in his brother, and the whole constituting the
triumvirate of Slavery, m whom its essential bru-
tality, vulgarity, and grossness, are all embodied.
There is the Slave-overseer, with his bloody lash,
fitly described in his Life of Patrick Henry by
Mr. Wirt, Who, born in Virginia, knew the class,
as 44 last and lowest, most abject, degraded, un-
principled," and his hands wield at will the irre-
sponsible power. There is the Slave-breeder, who
assumes a higher character, and even enters le-
gislative halls, where, in unconscious insensibil-
ity, he shocks civilization by denying, like Mr.
Gholson, of Virginia, any alleged distinction be-
tween the' " female slave" and " brood mare,"
by openly asserting the necessary respite from
work during the gestation of the female slave as
the ground of property in her offspring, and by
proclaiming that in this vigintial"crop of human
flesh consists much of the wealth of his State,
while another Virginian, not yet hardened to this
debasing trade, whose annual sacrifice reaches
25,000human souls,confesses the indignation and
shame with which he beholds his State "con-
verted into one grand menagerie, where men are
reared for the market, like oxen for the sham-
bles." And lastly there is the Slave-hunter, with
the blood-hound as his brutal symbol, who pur-
sues slaves, as the hunter pursues game, and does
not hesitate in the public prints to advertise his
Barbarism thus:
"BLOOD-HOUNDS I have TWO of the FINEST
DOGS for CATCHING NEGROES in the Soutlnve^r.
They can take the tiail TWELVE HOURS after the NE-
GRO HAS PASSED, and catch hiui with ease. I live four
miles southwest oi Bolivar, on the. road leading from Boli-
var to Whitesviile. 1 am i eady at all times to catch run-
away negroes. DAVID TURNER.
" AJareh 2, 1863/'=—tVcsi Tennessee Democrat.
The blood-hound was known in early Scottish
history; it wtw once vindictively put upon the
trail of Robert Bruce, and in barbarous days,by
a cruel license of war, it was directed against the
marauders of the Scottish border; but more than
a century has passed since the last survivor of the
race, kept as a curiosity, was fed on meal in Et-
trick Forest.* The blood-hound was employed
by Spain, against the natives of this continent,
and the eloquence of Chatham never touched a
truer chord than, when, gathering force from the
condemnation of this brutality, he poured his
thunder upon the kindred brutality of the scalp-
ing-knife, adopted as an instrument of war by a
nation professing civilization. Tardily introduced
into our Republic, some time after the Missouri
Compromise, when Slavery became a political
passion and Slave-masters began to throw aside
all disguise, the blood-hound has become the rep-
resentative of our Barbarism in one of its worst
forms, when engaged in the pursuit of a fellow-
man who is asserting his inborn title to himself;
and this brute is, indeed, typical of the whole bru-
tal leash of Slave-hunters, who, whether at home
on Slave-soil, under the name of Slave-catchers,
and kidnappers, or at a distance, under politer
names, insult Human Nature by the enforcement
of this Barbarism.
(3.) Prom this dreary picture of Slave-masters
with their slaves and their triumvirate of vulgar
instruments, I pass to another more dreary still,
and more completely exposing the influence of
Slavery; I mean the relations of Slave-masters with
each other, also with Society and Government, or,
in other words, the Character of Slave-masters,
as displayed ill the general relations of life. And
here I need your indulgence. Not in triumph or
in taunt do 1 approach this branch of the subject.
Yielding only to the irresistible exigency of the
discussion and in direct response to the assump-
tions on this floor, especially by the Senatorfrom
Virginia, [Mr. Mason,] I shall proceed. If I
touch Slavery to the quick, and enable Slave-
masters to see themselves as others see them, I
shall do nothing beyond the strictest line of duty
in this debate.
One of the choicest passages of the master Ital-
ian poet, Dante, is where a scene of transcendent
virtue is described as sculptured in " visible
speech" on the long gallery which led to the
Heavenly Gate. The poet felt the inspiration of
the scone, and placed it on the way side, where
it could charm and encourage. This was natural.
Nobody can look upon virtue and justice, ifitbe
only in images and pictures, without feeling a
kindred sentiment. Nobody can be surrounded
by vice and wrong, by violence and brutality, if
it be only in images and pictures, without coming
under their degrading influence. Nobody can live
with the one without advantage; nobody can live
with the other without loss. Who could pass his
life in the secret chamber where are gathered the
impure relics of Pompeii, without becoming indif-
ferent to loathsome things? But if these loath-
some thingsare not merely sculptured and pain ted,
if they exist in living reality—if they enact their
hideous capers in life, as in the criminal preten-
sions of Slavery—while the lash plays and the
blood spirts—while women are whipped and chil-
dren are sold—while marriage is polluted and an-
nulled—while the parental tie isrudelytorn—while
honest gains ai;e filched or robbed—while the soul
itself is shut down in all the darkness of ignorance,
and while God himself is defied in the pretension
that man can have property in his fellow-man; if
all these, things are present, not merely in images
and pictures,butin reality, their influence onchar-
acter must be incalculable.
It is according to irresistible law that men are
fashioned by what is about them, whether cli-
mate, scenery, life, or institutions. Like produces
like, and this ancient proverb is verified always.
Look at the miner, delving l^w down in darkness,
and the mountaineer, ranging on airy heights;
and you will see a contrast in character, and even
in personal form. The difference between a cow-
ard and a hero may be traced in the atmosphere
which each has breathed; and how much more
in the institutions under which each has been
reared. If institutions generous and just ripen
souls also generous and just, then other institu-
tions must exhibit their influence also. Violence,
brutality, injustice, barbarism, must be repro-
duced in the lives of all who live within their fatal
* Scout. Lay of the Last Minstrel—Notes, Canto V.
