1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®
mm
sphere. The meat that is eaten by mai\ enters
into and becomes a part of his body; the madder
winch is eaten by a dog changes his bones to. red;
and the Slavery on which men live, in all its five-
fold foulness, must becomc a part of themselves,
discoloring their very souls, blotting their char-
acters, and breaking forth in moral leprosy.
This language is strong*; but the evidence is even
stronger. Some there may be of happy natures
—like honorable Senators—who can thus feed and
not be harmed. Mithridates fed on poison, and
lived; and it may be that there is a moral Mith-
ridates, who can swallow without bane the poison
of Slavery.
Instead of "ennobling" the master, nothing
can be clearer than that the slave drags his master
down, and this process begins m childhood, and
is continued through life. Living much in asso-
ciation with his slave, the master linds nothing to
remind liini of his own deliciencics, to prompt his
ambition or excite his shame. Without these
provocations to virtue, and without an elevating
example, ho naturally shares the Harbansm* of
the society which he keeps. Thus the very in-
feriority which the Slave-master attributes to the
African race explains the melancholy condition
of the communities in which his degradation is
declared by law.
A single false principle or vicious thought may
degrade a character otherwise blameless; and this
is practically true of the Slave-master. Accus-
tomed to regard men as property, his sensibilities
are blunted and his moral sense is obscured. He
consents to acts from which Civilization recoils.
The early Church sold its property, and even its
sacred vessels, for the redemption of onphves.
This was done on a remarkable occasion by St.
Ambrose, and successive canons confirmed the
example. But in the Slave States this is all re-
versed. Slaves there are often sold as the prop-
erty of the Church, and an instance is related of
a slave sold in South Carolina m order to buy
plate for the communion table. Who can calcu-
late the effect of such an example?
Surrounded by pernicious influences of all
kinds, both positive and negative, the first making
hnn do that which he ought not to do, and the
second making him leave undone that which he
ought to have done—through childhood, youth,
and manhood, even unto age—unable while at
home to escape these influences, overshadowed
constantly by the portentous Barbarism about
him, the Slave-master naturally adopts the blud-
geon, the revolver, and the bowie-knife. Through
these hegovcrns Ins plantation, and secrctly armed
with these he enters the world. These arc his
congenial companions. To wear those is his
pride; to use them bccomes a passion, almost a
necessity. Nothing contributes to violence so
much as the wearing of the instruments of vio-
lence, thus having them always at hand to obey
the lawless instincts of the individual. A bar-
barous standard is established; a duel is not dis-
honorable; a contest peculiar to our Slave-mas-
ters, known as a "street fight/' is not shameful;
and modern imitators of Cam have a mark set
upon them, not for reproach and condemnation,
but for compliment and appro\al. I wish to keep
within bounds; but unanswerable facts, accumu-
lating in fearful quantities, attest that the social
system, so much vaunted by honorable Senators,
and which we arc now asked to sanction, and to
extend, takes its character from this spirit, and
with professions of Chistiamty on the hps, be-
comes Cain-like. And this is aggravated by the
prevailing ignorance m the Slave States, where
one in twelve of the adult white population is un-
able to read and write.
The boldest they who lea^t partake the light,
As game cocks in the dark <iru trained to tight.
Of course there are exceptions, which we all
gladly recognize, but it is this spirit which pre-
dominates and gives the social law. And here
mark an important difference. Elsewhere vio-
lence shows itself in spite of law, whether social
or statute, in the Slave States it is bccause of law
both social and statute. Elsewhere it is pursued
and condemned; in the Slave States it is adopted
and honored. Elsewhere it is hunted as a crime;
in the slave States it takes its place among the
honorable graces of society.
Let not tiiese harsh statements stand on my
authority. Listen to the testimony of two Gov-
ernors of slave States in their messages to the
Legislatures:
"We long to see the day," said the Governor of Ken-
tucky, m 1837, c< wlien the law will assert its majesty, and
stop the wanton destruction of life winch almost daily oc-
curs within the jurisdiction of the Commonwealth. Men
slaughter each other with almost perfectimpunity. A species
of common law has giown up In Kentucky,'which, were
it written down, would, m all civilized countries, cause it
to be reeliristened, in deiision, the land of blood."
Such .was the official confession of aSlave-mas-
ter Govcroor of Kentucky. And here is the offi-
cial confession made the same year by the Slave-
master Governor of Alabama:
"We hear of homicides in different parts of the State
continually, and yet have few convictions and sti'I fewer
executions ! Why do we hear of stablings and shootings
almost daily in some pan 01 other of our State?"
A land of blood! Stabbings and shootings
almost daily ! Such is the official language. It
was natural that cotcmporary newspapers should
repeat what thus found utterance in high places.
Here is a confession by a newspaper in Missis-
sippi:
" The moral atmosphere in our State appears to be in a
delctcaow, and san«uyiaiij condition. ,Ahno;>t cveiy cx-
chanjjo pnper which leaches contains some inhuman
and revolting case of murder or death by violence—Grand
Gulf Advertiser, 21th June, 1637.
Here is another confession by a newspaper in
New Orleans:
u In view of the crimes winch are daily committer!, we
arc led to inquire wiietlier it is owing to the inefficiency of
our laws, oi to tin; manner in which these laws are admin-
istered, that this frightful deluge of human blood flows
through our streets and our places of public resort."—A'eiv
Ot leans Bee, Meu, IS33.
And here is testimony of a different character:
No one who li'.i/- not hern an integral part of a slave-
hobhng community can have any idea of its abominations.
It is a winted sepuieher, full ot' dead men's hones and all
Ullc!etmnc^s.1,
Tlicse are the words of a Southern lady, the
daughter of the accomplished Judge Grimkc, of
Soutli Carolina.
A catalogue of affrays between politicians, com-
monly known as " street fights"—I use the phrase
which comcs from the land of Slavery—would
show that these authorities were not mistaken.
That famous Dutch picture, admired particularly
by a successful engiavnig, and called the Knife-
fight, presents a scene less revolting than one of
these. Two or niore men, armed to the teeth,
meet in the streets, at a court-house, or a tavern,
shoot at each other with re\ olvers, then gash each
other with knives, close, and roll upon the ground,
| covered with dirt and blood, struggling and stab-
bing till deaili, prostration, or surrender, puts an
end to the conflict. Each instance tells n shame-
ful story, and cries out against the social system
which can tolerate such Barbarism. A catalogue
of duels m our country would testify again to the
reckless disregard of'life where Slavery exists,
and would exhibit Violence flaunting in the garb
of Honor, and prating of a barbarous code dis-
owned equally by reason and religion. But you
have already supped too full of horrors, and I
hasten on.
Pardon me if 1 stop for one moment to exhibit
and denounce the Duel. I do it only because it
belongs to the brood of Slavery. An enlightened
Civilization has long ago rejected this relic of Bar-
barism, and never has one part of the argument
against it been put more sententiously than by
Franklin: "A duel decides nothing," said this
patriot philosopher, " and the person appealing
to it makes himself judge in his own cause, con-
demns the offender without a jury, and under-
takes lumself to be the executioner." To these
emphatic woids I would add two brief proposi-
tions, which, if practically adopted, make the Duel
impossible—first, that the acknowledgment of
wrong with apology or explanation can never be
otherwise than honorable; and, secondly, that, in
the absence of all such acknowledgment, 110 wrong
can ever be repaired by a gladiatoual contest,
where brute force, or skill, or chance, must decide
the day. Iron and adamant are not stronger than
these arguments; nor can anyone attempt an an-
swer without exposing his feebleness. And yet
Slave-masters, disregarding its irrational charac-
ter—insensible to its folly—heedless of its impi-
ety—and unconscious of its Barbarism, openly
adopt the Duel as a regulator of mannersand con-
duct. Two voices from South Carolina have been
raised against it, and I mention them with glad-
ness, as testimony even ill that land of Slavery.
The first was Charles Cotesworth Pinckncy, who
in the early days of the Republic openly declared
his "abhorrence of the practice! and invoked
the clergy of his State " as a particular favor at
some convenient, early day to preach a sermon on
the sin and folly of dueling.'' The other was Mr.
Rhett, who on this floor openly declared as his
reason fordeclining the Duel, " that he feared God
more than man." Generous words, for which
many errors can be pardoned. But these voices
condemn the social system of which the Duel is
a natural product.
Looking now at the broad surface of society
where Slavery exists, we shall find its spirit act-
ively manifest in the suppression of all freedom
of speech or of the press, especially with regard
to this wrong. Nobody in the Slave States can
speak or print against Slavery, except at the peril
of life or liberty. St. Paul could call upon the
people of Athens to give up the worship of un-
known gods; he could live in his own hired house
.nt Rome, and preach Christianity in this Heathen
metropolis; but no man can be heard against Sla-
very in Charleston or Mobile. We condemn the
Inquisition, which subjects all within its influ-
ence to censorship and secret judgment; but this
tyranny is repeated 111 American Slave-masters.
Truths as simple as the great discovery of Galileo
are openly denied, and all who declare them are
driven to recant. We condemn the Index Expur-
ga tori us of the Roman Church; but American
Slave-masters have an Index on which are in-
scribed all the generous books of the age. There
is one book, the marvel ofreccnt literature, Uncle
Tom's Cabin, which has been thus treated both
by the Church and by the Slave-masters, so that
it is honored by the same suppression at the Vat-
ican and at Charleston.
Not to dwell on these instances, there is one
which has a most instructive ridiculousness. A
religious discourse of the late Dr. Channing on
West India Emancipation—the last effort of his
beautiful carecr—was offered for sale by a book
agent at Charleston. A prosecution by the South
Carolina Association ensued, and the agent was
held to bail in the sum of one thousand dollars.
Shortly afterwards, the same agent received for
sale a work by Dickens, freshly published, "Amer-
ican Notes;" but, determined not to expose him-
self again to the tyrannical Inquisition, he gave
notice through the newspapers that the book
"would be submitted to highly intelligent mem-
bers of the South Carolina Association for inspec-
tion, and if the sale is approved by them, it will
be for sale—if not, not."
Listen also to another recent instance, as re-
counted in the Montgomery Mail, a newspaper of
Alabama:
Last Saturday wo devoted to the flames a large num-
ber of copies of Spuigeon's Sermons, and the pile was
graced at the top with a copy of ' Graves's Great Iron
Wheel,' which a Baptist friend presented for tiie purpose.
We tiu'.t that the works of the creasy cockney vociferator
may receive the same treatment throughout tiic South. And
if the Pharisaical author should ever show himself in these
part-, we trust that a stout cord may speedily find its way
around his eloquent thioat. He lias pioved himself a dirty,
low-bred slanderer, and ought to be treated accordingly."
And very recently wc have read in the journals,
that the trustees of a College in Alabama have re-
solved that Dr. Wayland's admirable work on
Moral Science " contains abolition doctrine of the
deepest dye;" and they proceeded to denounce
"the said book, and forbid its further use in the
Institute."
The speeches of Wilberforce in the British Par-
liament, and especially those magnificent efforts
of Brougham, where he exposed "the wild and
guilty fantasy that man can hold property in
mail," were insanely denounced by the British
planters in the West Indies; but our Slave-mas-
ters go further. Speeches delivered in the Senate
have been stopped at the Post-office; booksellers
who had received them have been mobbed, and
on at least one occasion the speeches have been
solemnly proceeded against by a Grand Jury.
All this is natural, for tyranny is condemned to
be consequent wilh itself. Proclaim Slavery to be
a permanent institution, instead of a temporary
Barbarism, soon to pass away, and then, by the
unhesitating logic 01 self-preservation, all things
must yield to its support. The safety of Slavery
becomes the supreme law. And since Slavery is
endangered by liberty iu any form, therefore all
liberty must be restrained. Such is the philoso-
