1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
during those three days, under no different im-
pression.
One word as to the honorable gentleman from
Alabama, [Mr. Curry.] 1 remember distinctly
the occasion when Mr. Curry was brought in,
and no one regretted to see his friends compelled
to bring him here more than I did. I had not the
honor of a personal acquaintance with the gentle-
man at that time. If I had had such an acquaint-
ance with him, I would not have allowed one
moment to have elapsed without seeking him or
his friends and volunteering a pair. I did, how-
ever, understand at the time that others, who were
acquainted with him, and who were more familiar
with the usages of the House than I myself, had
been seeking some one to pair with him, to ob-
viate the necessity for bringing him here; and I
supposed that that would be done. It seems that
it was done, as has been suggested by the honor-
ablegentlemanfrom Pennsylvania, [Mr.Covode,]
but that it was done too late* I remember it the
more distinctly, because the very next morning,
when I felt that I could have attended the session
of the House, yet, knowing the condition of Mr.
Curry, and feeling willing to volunteer a pair
with him, I sought Mr. John Cochrane, and
requested that he would procure me a pair with
Mr. Curry for the ensuing day. I suppose that
that pair was actually made; that I was paired
with the honorable gentleman from Alabama upon
the following day. That, I believe, Mr. Cleric,
presents a correct history of these two questions
m reference to pairs, so far as the facts are neces-
sary to be brought forward.
Mr. COVODE. 1 thought that I had suffi-
ciently explained this matter. It was I who
was appealed to, to procure a pairforMr. Curry.
It took some time to do it. I first made an effort
to pair him with some one who wished to be ab-
sent from the House. I could not find any such
person. I then went to Judge Kilgore, as hale
a man as there is in this House, and asked him to
agree to pair with Mr. Curry; and I was aston-
ished to find Mr. Curry brought here. I will
say further, that there is not a single instance
when I have been applied to for a pair for a sick
man, that I have not gone immediately to work
to secure it, as my friend from North Carolina
[Mr. Winslow] will do me the justice to admit;
and that, as soon as I procured one, I announced
it to the parties concerned.
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama. Mr. Clerk, in order
that there may be no misunderstanding about this
pair with my colleague, Mr. Curry, I will repeat
some of the facts I have already stated. I bore to
gentlemen upon the other side a note from my
colleague, in which he stated that he would come
to the House, but that it would endanger his health.
I authorized Colonel Curtis to carry that note to
his friends, and to induce any one of them topair
•with Mr. Curry. I made a personal application
to Messrs. Gooch, Dawes, Stanton, and atleast
twenty-live others of the members on that side.
The House was delayed for some time by a call of
the roll, until we could ascertain whether a pair
could be obtained. The information was, that the
matter had been canvassed and discussed upon the
other side, and that the determination had been
arrived at not to make any more pairs; and that
none could be obtained for Mr. Curry, although
the assurance was given that he would run a risk
by coming here.
But how unlike are these cases ? Here is a gen-
tleman five hundred miles away from this place,
and an appeal is made to pair him with a gentle-
man who is here in his place. I ask gentlemen
upon that side of the House what objection can
there be to a pair with my colleague, Mr. Stall-
worth? If they appeal to the courtesy of this
side of the House, I appeal to their courtesy, and
ask them if the two cases are not similar? We
have every reasonable assurance that Mr. Stall-
worth will be here as soon as the absent mem-
ber from that side will be. I have a positive as-
surance from him, by letter, that he will be here
in a week's time. I ask gentlemen on the other
side if they have any assurance that Mr. Coch-
rane will be here in that time? Why, then, if
they appeal to the courtesy of members here, do
they not respond by extending the same courtesy
to us?
I say to the gentleman from New York, who
has addressed an urgent appeal to his colleagues,
that the cases are very much unlike. He must
perceive it. He may himself have extended that
courtesy to his colleagues; but he knows that,
whenever he has done so, and until Friday last,
there was as positive an assurance before the bal-
loting commenced, as there was at the close of it,
that there would be no result. But now, the re-
sult of their appeal is this: that they wish us to
assure them the election of a Speaker, by the vol-
untary withdrawal of a gentleman in good health,
because of the absence of a gentleman five hun-
dred miles off, who is sick and confined in New
York. Thereis no ground of comparison between
the two cases; and gentlemen on the other side
have no right to appeal to us when they refuse to
respond to the appeal we make to them to pair off
with Mr. Stallworth. #
Mr. CLEMENS. I have been placed in cir-
cumstances in which 1 had to depend very greatly
upon the courtesy of the Republican side of the
House. I have it to say here publicly—and I
desire it to go upon the record—that I never ap-
pealed to them as gentlemen, or as a body, even
when unanimous consent was required, when an
objection was made upon that side of the House;
though very often, when I have done so, objec-
tion has come from this side of the House. I re-
marked two years ago, when a Republican gen-
tleman gave me twenty minutes of his time under
the hour rule, that if I remained here long enough
I would return the favor. At that time objections
were made upon my own side of the House to
my proceeding, even in order. Now, sir, consid-
ering these facts, 1 believe it is incumbent upon
me to show the same spirit of magnanimity to the
other side that has been uniformly extended to
mo; and I have this proposition to make: While
I am competent to remain here all night, if it is
necessary, and although I am averse to being off
the record at this particular season, yet I am en-
tirely willing, and now propose, to pair with the
gentleman from New York, if the Republican side
of the House will furnish a pair for the gentleman
from Alabama, [Mr. Stallwortii.] That will
make the result precisely the same as if my vote
were given. Although, at this particular season,
I do not desiue that my vote shall be lost; yet,
under the exigencies of the times, and for the pur-
pose of taking out of this contest all elements of
discord and complaint, and for the still higher
purpose of showing that I am never insensible to
personal favors extended to me, I trust that the
proposition will be accepted by the other side in
the spirit of comity in which it is made.
Mr. GOOCH. I am one of the gentlemen re-
ferred to by the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
Moore,] in what he has said in reference to the
pair for Mr. Curry. I do not think he and I sub-
stantially disagree in our recollection of that mat-
ter. He will remember that a few days before the
day—and.I do not know but it was the day before
the day he referred to—ho made an application to
me to pair Mr. Curry, or to pair with him myself.
I told him I would do so, or find some gentleman
upon this side of the House who would make the
pair. I found a gentleman upon this side of the.
House, who was then in the House, but who
said lie might have occasion to leave the House
during the day provided he was paired; and that
he would take the pair with Mr. Curry. On the
day to which the gentleman from Alabama has
referred, he came to me and said he was seeking
a pair for Mr. Curry. I told him that a gentle-
man upon this side of the House was so ill that I 1
was perfectly satisfied he could not remain here
with safety to himself; and that I thought Mr.
Curry might pair with him. I told him still
further, that if he would delay a while I would en-
deavor to bring about the pair. Through a col-
league of the gentleman whom I did not consider
able to remain here, I made application to him to
pair with Mr. Curry, but he, at that moment, de-
clined to do so. Subsequently, I saw Mr. Moore
several times during the pendency of that pair.
Although the gentleman declined at the time to
make the pair, his colleagues said they thought it
would become necessary for him to do so. Finally
I went to Mr. Moore and told him that the gen-
tleman still declined the pair; but that it was his
colleagues' opinion that he would agree to it be-
fore a vote would be taken. Mr. Moore told me
he could not delay longer; and that he would send
for his colleague, [Mr. Curry.]
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama. I desire to refresh
the gentleman's recollection. I. call his attention
to the fact—which he must remember—that a pair
had been positively refused before I sent a mes-
senger for Mr. Curry. After the messenger had
been sent, the gentleman came and gave me the
information of which he speaks; but it was too
late to countermand the order. I ask the gentle-
man if I did not inform him that, although Mr.
Curry's health would be endangered, still he
would come, if necessary; and did not appeal to
him, as a friend of Mr. Curry, to pair with him;
and if he did not tell me thatnopair couldTje made
on that side of the House ?
Mr. GOOCH. I agree with the gentleman sub-
stantially, but not in the particulars in reference
to myself. The gentleman made no appeal to me
in person to pair with Mr. Curry; but he did,in
my presence, make an appeal to a colleague of
mine; and it was after listening to that appeal that
I exerted myself to bring about a pair. I went to
the gentleman, as stated, and told him—because
I did not intend that he should rely upon the pair
without knowing all the facts—that the gentleman
who was ill still refused to pair, and that I could
not ask him to wait longer. A few mom?nts after,
I told him I had made an arrangement. He then
told me it was too late; that he had sent for Mr.
Curry, and that he ^vould soon be here.
Mr. BRANCH. I rise to a point of order. I
desire to know whether there is any debatable
question before the House. [Cries of " Call the
roll!"] I move that the House proceed to vote
viva voce for Speaker; and on that I call the pre-
vious question.
The CLERK. The Clerk begs leave to say
that that is the question before the House, as sub-
mitted on Friday last.
• Mr. STANTON. I wish to make an appeal
to the House on a question connected with 'the
voting for Speaker. Early in the session it was
understood that speeches and explanations pend-
ing the roll-call were not in order,.and that rule
was occasionally enforced. It seems, however,
recently to have been systematically departed
from; and I apprehend that any attempt now to
enforce it without an expression of the will of
the House in advance of the roll-call would prob-
ably not accomplish the result.
I entertain no doubt, from the feeling expressed
in the House this morning, that it is the desire on
all sides that the result—whatever it is to be; and
perhaps it is not far off—is to be approached in
as orderly and quiet a manner as practicable.
Every one understands that as the result is ap-
proximating the excitemcnt has become intensi-
fied. The disposition to interpolate speeches and
explanations in votes will continue and increase
the excitement; and every one will see that it is a
source of very great disorder, and sometimes of
very great excitement.
Now, what I desire is, to appeal to all sides of
the House before we proceed to a vote for Speaker,
that we shall renew the obligation, or the rule, that
there shall be no debate or explanation or discus-
sion of any description pending the roll-call. Every
gentleman understands, I apprehend, before the
roll-call commences, how he intends to vote. If
he desires to make any explanation of his vote, he
can do so in advance of the commencement of the
roll-call. If, in the progress of the roll-call, he
finds himself occupying a posiiion which he de-
sires to explain, in giving his vote, or changing
his vote, it will be very little hardship for him to
postpone explaining his vote till after the result is
announced.
Now, I desire to submit to the House that, by
unanimous consent, we shall pass a rule that no
debate, discussion, or explanation shall be in order
pending the roll-call; ana that it shall be the duty
of the Clerk to enforce that order of his own mo-
tion.
Mr. MALLORY. I apprehend that the prop-
osition of the gentleman from Ohio is entirely out
of order. I understood the gentleman from North
Carolina to have moved that we now proceed to
ballot for Speaker viva uoce, and to have called
the previous question on that motion; and I know
of no right that the gentleman from Ohio has to
propose now, in the face of that, the adoption of
any rule of action by this House.
Mr. STAJNTON. Certainlynot. Itis an ap-
peal to the magnanimity of the House. I ask the
unanimous consent.
Several Democratic Members objected.
Mr. WINSLOW, (amid loud cries of " Call
