I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
211
36tii Coxa.... 1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Parrott.
Ho. op Reps.
<?iudod; while 111 other* other qualifications were lequi^ito
for elector > ut the most numeious branch oftheLogn-lauue.
In m hu>, all citizens were allowed to vote; in none, Isow-
ovei. was-the nahtgianted to uniiaturulizcdJ'otdgncis. Such
a tiioiisThf ;i> allowing aliens to take pirt in the election of
meinhoiri ot Congress, never seems to have occurred to the
convention. Tne word ' qualilication-' was unquestion-
ably intruded to limit, to lestnof, to conihie the body of
votois to such portion of the citizens a:; \mo allowed to
vote i)i the j-evoial States, while the woidas 'the people of
the s-cvcidl States' absolutely excluded ail others; because
flic; aliens weie 'no pait oi' tin? sovereignty, ovatm it no
allegiance, and tmdei no obligation>to defend it.'
" CJpon this point, wiiunately, wo arc not lett to conjcc-
tuio. The whole debate m convention on the adoption of
tins t-eotion of the Confutation is beioio us, and it throws
a flood ol light upon tins question, flete is its subhtancc.
Gouvei neur Moms moved to sstriko out ol tins section the
clau-u lelatingto ' quahtication^j'andtoinspit instead that
none hut' tieeholdu.;' siiould \otc. The debate then turned
wliodv upon th> piecise issue. Mi. Wilson opposed tne
motion ot Mt. I\knu^, on tiic mound that it would be' land
and (U^acrreable to cxc'w'e lioiu voting1 those who vote lor
lep'-e^ontahve ~ m the State Legf>latuies. Air. Eilsavoith
said " the people will not icadily ^uhseiibe to the national
i'oii^tit'.itK)!! it it t-dionld Fubjeet them to be ilisffaachi),e(U
Colonel Ma^on ^ud, 'eight or nine States have extended
the ii^ht oi zntYi.^c beyond freeholders. What will the peo-
ple tlur, e say if (hey should ic di?Ji uuthistd'P Mr. ButUi
'opposed ahi idir'iieiit ' Mr Oiekin-on sjjppoi ted the amend-
ment, advocating ' reduction of the iuihf of Milfia<r" "to
beholders.' Mi. 31adiSv>n «aid Mho nyht of smlia^e is
certain^ one o{ the / undamcntul article* of 1epit'ulitan gor-
c'tumenl. and ouijht not to be lelt to he icmilated bv the
Lem-l.itur".' Whetbei the constitutional qucdijieatiua uu«ht
to be ajiec/i-'ld, wuujd with linn depend much on the le-
eeption ;i chan<je u oulrl meet wnii by the people. &.< .
In sevei il of the States a Ireehold wiu nov the qualifica-
tion.'' j)r. Fianklm was opposed to ' the elected nm zoic-
inxthe limits of the elcctou.' Mr Mcioer oiqeeted to the
footing on which the qualification was put. Mr. ltutledse
opposed ' tiic idea ot ieUiuirung the light of buffiage to the
fieehoider.s '
" Tints the whole body of debaters ^awia the woul c qual-
ification' nothing but rc?tn< tiun. limitation, uanou inn; the
haute of the eleclois. The luial conclusion was to nanow
t!ie limits onlv v. heie the States had themselves e\-pies, ]y
done to—that i-, e\or\\vlieio to b't those citizens vote tor
ilepicsentatives m Connies v. ho weie peiinittcd to vote
toi members of th" nmst numeious branch oi tlie State
JiO«;islatm«\ But the ah-ant l"tt:n<z tthens vote is unt onlj'
excluded absolutely In the Jji^t clause of the section con-
nnni£ the light to the i people"" or citizens, but lioin the
whole town ot' the debate it is rnanite-jf that it did nut
enter the biain ot any solitary member of the conven-
tion.
" The undersigned does not mean to assert that Congress
cm look into the constitution of a State asking lor admi—
sion!iirther than to see that it is republican, and not in eon-
U let with that 01 thn United States; or that the General Gov-
ernment can regulate the i ightof s-ulViagc m the States. Far
lioin it. it is the light of i v<*ry State to deteimine who of
u-> ot£7i citizens shall vote foi every othce; and m regard to
offices strictly municipal, the States may constitutionally,
il they choose, permit aliens to vote. But whilst the States
may conter upon aliens m>hti of citizenship in matters per-
tainit'x cxelusivehf to the State, they cannot con 4itute the
status oiVitizenslup, they cannotconvei t f^it'nvmto rzf t^c/ s,
that power having been eonlened bj the Constitution upon
Conme-.s alone; uitdtlie}- cannot, therejoie,give to aLei^
the nghte of citizenship in mutters p( i1ainin« to the bedeiul
Goi'cruiaerU. But to crive to aliens the inrht to vote lor
members of (lie State J-egirdatuie, as is the ca-e in the Ore-
gon constitution, gives them incidentally a powei of con-
Uol ovei every dejiaitniuntul the Genoi.il Gnvcinmenl, and
tberefoie it is our duty to resist this innovation upon the
lights of the Geneial Government at the very thieshold. As
the people trained, and the States nitihed. the General Gov-
ernment as it is constituted, they aie bound l>\' eveiy con-
sideration of good laith to >-tand by it m its letter and spirit.
Whilst tiic lighU 01 the SSfates a* they have been received
hhould be bedulou«-ly maintained, tho-e lights wbn h have
been conceded to the General Government should not be
mthle^ly ignoied. Especially is this true with ie<raul to
those elemental pnneiplesupori which re^ts its sell-jireser-
vation. The General Government stands between us and
all foreign innovation or invasion. It was established by
the citizens of the United States lor then ovn benefit and
the benefit of tho^e who are to become citi/.ens by bn thiiirbi
or nJituiali/.ation In all the elective governments, m al!
ages, fiom the time of Ciecian lepuhhcs down to our time,
the right ot sulhaac has been held to belong to none but
eiti/''Us. This lundamenta! piinciplc of ^clf-pi epei vat ion
havitiL' been fully granted to oui Geneial Government, it is
unwise and unsafe to ignore it. and irive thoughtlessly the
destinies of filch a government into the hands of tnose who
' owe it no allegiance,' have i no liszht to claim its protec-
tion.' or even to present to iti a petition.'
c" When it State Iras once been admitted into the Union,
with such piovision as that pointed out in theOiogon con-
stitution, the uiideisigiicd would not counsel coeicion by
theFedeial Government to bring about a change. But when
a Temtory asks to put on the gaib ot state sovereignty, and
to be admitted into the Union, is, in hi« judgment, the pio-
cise point of tune at which to make this issue. Such pro-
posed State should be required to confoiin, to use the lan-
guage of Mr. Madison, to the 1 fundamental aiticlcs of
republican government'—particularly that great first aificle
which regards a 1 lepubhc,' to use the language of Mi. Jei-
crsoii, as 'a government ly its citizens in muss.' In this
pauicular, the Oregon constitution is not only not' lepubh
can," but is m dncct conflict with the Constitution of the
United States, For this, and the foregoing reasons, the
undesigned is constrained to withhold bis assent fiom the
bill admitting Oregon into the Union.
"F. K. ZOLLICOFFER."
(B.)
'The following description by the great histo-
rian of the region originally occupied by the Chcr-
okees, will be recognized as exquisitely truthful by
every ono familiar with Eastern Tennessee, and
the country surrounding. Can the most callous
read it without an emotion of sympathy?
tCV. The mountaineers of aboriginal Ameiica weie the
Cheiokees, who occupied the uppc:'val!ey ol the Tennessee
river, as lai west a-? Muscle Shoals, and the highlands of
Carolina, Georgia, and Alabama—the most picturesque and
most salubiioue region east of the Mississippi. Their homes
weie encncled bv blue hills using bejoud lulls, ot wmcli
the loity peaks would kindle with the eaily light, and the
overshadowing ridges envelop the valleys like a mass ol
clouds. There the tocky chlfs, using in naked giandeur,
dely the lightning, and mock the loudett peals ot the thun-
der storm ; there the gentlei s-iopc^ aie e<a'orcd with mag-
nolias and lloweriuar to«est tiees, decorated with loving
climbfji--, and ting with the peipetnat note of the whip
pooi-will; theie the whulesorae watei gushe.- pioluselj lioin
the pin th in tinnsp.nent spnu^i; -.iKiw-n bite cascades glit-
ter on the hill-sides; and tire nveis, chaS!ow, but pleasant
to tne eye,iusir thtou«{h the nanow vales, w Inch the abund-
ant btiawbeiry cumsoii', and coppi'-es o: ihododemhon
and tiaminir azalea adoin. At the tail ot the leal, the unit !
ot the hickoj}'and liie che-tnuf is thielj\ stiownon the i
ground. The teii.le soil teer.H with luxuiiant hi ilian", on j
whieh the roebuck Kittens: the viviljiiig bie>-/" is laden j
with fiairi.uiee; and dajbieak is ever welcomed by the j
shrill cues ot the social night haw k and the liquid carols of
the mockhig-b-ul. Ti;rou;h tins !ove4$* icg.on wer ■ scat- |
tcicd the litt!>! viJlaiT'-s o: f!ie Cherokee^, neatly fiity in ,
nuiiibei, each consisting <jt but a lew cabins, erectiMl wheie [
the bend m the mountain -tieam oliered at once a dejense j
andastii])of alluvial mi;I ioi culture. Then townsweie ,
always by the side of som^. cick oi 1'vei, and they loved [
then native land ; above all, they loved it- nvei <—the Ko-
owce, th*"i Tusolou, the Flint, and the beautilul biaue.ie-s
of the Tennessee. Ilnnnner v.atei.*, nnmng tothenuh,
tempting tne angler, aiUuing \v ild ion i, weie neees.-at:> to
their paiadise. 'j'iien language, like that of the iro juo'-.
abounds m vowel-', and is <le -titut** or lie1 labia'-. It - oi -
g.iin/.iilion ha; a common character, but et\ molo<:\ ha- not
jet been .dile to diseuvei cv:nchis,\c analogic- i>ei\\een i!n;
loots >>i uouls. Tne ' b-loved1 (leopie "1 tne CheiokeLs
we«e a n.ition hj thenisel^e- Who c:ui s<>y |()i h<)\\ many
<'enlUi ics. „ ah. in tiien undi-.eovered Ui^-tiies es, thex had
decked then wai-chiefs won the leathers ui tne eagle's
tail, and h-tenod to the counsel o; th'. n* • old beloved men ?>
Wno can tell how oiten the waves ot b irbarous nng;ations
may have bioken hannle-s]\ again -t thou ehhs, \v*heie na-
ture \ws the stioiijj .illy ol the deiend-.'is ol their land;"-
Lancrvjt, vol. 't, p •> i-fj.
ADMISSION OF KANSAS.
SPEECH OF IXGX. M. J. PARI10TT, I
OF KAXS^S TLKniXOUY, j
In tiik House of IIf,?r,r;sr:xrxtivi;s, |
April 10,
The House having undei eot^uictaiion tlie bill (II. 11. |
No. ill) foi tiie ndmissj.m Oi K.insai into tlie Union—• j
Mr. PARROTT Knd: !
Mr. 8ri:AKi:u: 1 do not propose, under all ;
the nrcnmstnncos, to hiliiet on tiic liouse rn
elaborate speech in repaid to the merely poiitie.J 1
questions connect* d witii Kansas Teintory: but i;
1 siiould do injustice, both io myself and to my |
consfituentp, if I did not conic ioiwnrd and meet 'j
the objections brought by the ;<;enlii-man who has u
made the minority report, i shall do so m a'!
spirit of frankness and candor, submitting my- \
self fairly  and eiieerfully even, to mtei rogatories
from all sides of the House. I will say more: if
any reasonable man shoU believe that i have not
fairly met ovoiy objection that has been made, i
will give up tins controvwsv, 2:0 out of the House,
and ask my constituents to send somebody here
who does understand their case. The cause itself
is unanswerable. I shall meet, then, every.objec-
tion, and meet it fairly and squarely.
When the Lecompton constitution was ad-
judged to be a fraud, two years ago, m this House,
and when, with a singular stultification, as it seems
to me, men could be found in tins House leady
to pionounce it a fraud, and at the same tune to
tender it to the people of Kansas as their organic
law, when, 1 say, that constitution was stricken
down, there sprung out of it that mean and false
contrivance known as the English bill.
The title of that bill was a false title; its pro-
visions were deceitful and double. It is entitled
"An act to admit the State of Kansas into the
Union," when everybody knows that it was in-
tended to keep the State of Kansas out of the
Union. For, sir, we all know that the people of
the Territory had rejected the Lecompton consti-
tution. They sent a 'Delegate to this House to pro-
test against its acceptance, which protest I entered
early and often during that controversy. It was
known they had rejected it, when, on a specific
issue made, they polled a vote of five thousand
majority against it, in January of 1858: and it was,
moreover, known that that Lecompton constitu-
tion, which was pretended to be ratified in Decem-
ber of 1857, was tlie culminating point of a long
series offraudsandaggressionson the rights of the
people of the Territory.
Sir, I was amazed the other day to hear the dis-
tinguished member from Alabama, [Mr. Curry,]
who has a reputation for ingenuousness," paying
posthumous honois to the Lecompton constitu-
tion. 1 ask that gentleman to look atihe votes
polled in certaia precincts in the December elec-
tion of 1857, in the pretended submission of the
Lecompton constitution. Let him look at Oxford
and Kiokar-oo and Delaware Crossing, and com-
pare the vote then reported with the returns from
those precincts at every general election since, up
to this tune, and note the disparity. The mus-
tered clans and hosts of December, lS57,atOxford
and Ktckapoo, whither have they gone? Ask the
political conjut ors who summoned these mythical
myriads to appear upon the stage for the accom-
plishment of sinister designs.
At no election since that pretended affair, have
all these precincts combined polled more than
three or four hundred votes; and yet, sir, if you
subtract the thousands which were polled there
in December, 3S55, you would have the Lecomp-
ton constitution left naked—stripped of the fac-
titious vote through which it was sought to be
juggled oil* upon the eiedulity of Congress and the
countiv.
tfir, i do not know that I should myself be po-
litically displeased to find that those who differ
with me honestly and conscientiously, regarding
the policy of our country in respect to slavery,
in e so far pressed to the wall as to stand and plant
themselves upon the giound of the Lecompton
constitution. itis,sir, a confession of weakness;
arid I am not at all apprehensive that the judg-
ment of history will bo disturbed or misled m
regard to the merits of that measure. That judg-
ment has been already pronounced m every sec-
tion of the country, for has not a distinguished
Senator [Mr. Hammond] of South Carolina said,
in language, if not very elegant,at least idiomatic,
that it ought to ha\e been "kicked out of Con-
55 the moment it was presented theie?
Hut, s:r, t!ua English bill was a proposition odi-
ous and oileitsive to the people of the Territory,
il was hardly h-s.* revolting 1 hope to the country
at ian'e, 011 account of its intense discrimination
against the institutions of the free States. Itpre-
scr ibes one rule for the admission of a slave State,
and another, with supeiadded and onerous con-
ditions, ior a free Slate, it is thus partial, invid-
ious, and unfur. What have the people of Kan-
sas .sard in icply? in effect, "We desire ad-
mission into the Union, but not such admission;
we desire, if we come into the Union, to come
wifh our honor untarmxh'-d and unsullied—on an
equal looting with the original States—not only as
a confcdeiate, but as a coequal in the family of
States."
1 shall say nowhere in the course of my remarks
that the people of Kansas have succumbed to the
provisions ot the English bill. I should despise
myself and dishonor them if I believed they ever
had it in contemplation to give way to its provis-
ions. What next, sir? They have seen fit to form
another constitution, and the President of the
United States has come forward, and, n\language
nearly identical with that, of the minority report,
addressed to the Thirty-Fifth Congress, has an-
ticipated the formation of the constitution and
declared it to be a revolutionary act.
Mr. BARKSDALE. 1 understood the gentle-
man to say just now that the people of Kansas
have not succumbed to the English bill."
Mr. PARROTT. Yes, sir.
Mr. BARKSDALE. 1 desire to ask him if they
did not vote under its provisions?
Mr. PAIIROTT. I will answer that they did
vote, but they were not parties to that law. They
repudiated its restrictive clause as inoperative,
for reasons which 1 shall presently state. I ask
you—I putittothegontlcman from Mississippi—
whether it could be fairly said that, having rejected
