1654
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11/
trust in God that the time will come when the
Senate, instead of being choscn by the Legisla-
tures of the respective States, will be chosen by
the people of the several States, and then they
will feel and know their relative position to the
people that constitute the State. I hope that time
will come; I trust it may. 11 is districts like those
I have been describing, represented on the prin-
ciples I have just referred to, that constitute States.
These are tne men and the description of men
who are neccssary and proper to make a virtuous,
intelligent, and patriotic State; a State capable of
governing itself—men like these " who know
their rights, and knowing, dare maintain."
The bill before the Senate meets another objec-
tion that has been urged; and that is, that the pub-
lic lands should be made to pay for themselves.
1 have no scruples upon that question myself; but
there has been a disposition to place the bill be-
yond the reach of constitutional scruples, beyond
the reach of questions as to expediency, and be-
yond the reach of the exorcise of the veto power.
I do not speak ex cathedra on this point; I do not
speak advisedly at all; but I have heard it thrown
out in the way of taunt, perhaps with, a view of
frightening some, that it would reecivc the Ex-
ecutive veto. I do not believe it; and I will give
you one reason why I do not believe it. Look at
this bill. It provides for the settler defraying the
expenses, paying the office fees; and it holds out
a reasonable inducement to settlers, and imposes
the condition of the settlement and cultivation for
five years. It is not a bill for paupers, for mis-
erable lazzaroni, for persons from lazar-houses, for
vagabonds, not for what are denominated some-
times poor people in one sense; but it is for men
who have arms, who have muscles, who have sin-
ews, and who have willing hearts to work. What
business would a vagabond have on one hundred
and sixty acres? A vagrant is a man running
about, unsettled, with no particular abiding place.
To fix a man down and set him to work is the
precise opposite of vagabondism. Because a man
js poor, because he has not got a convenient or suf-
ficient amount of this world's means, that does not
make him a loafer; and the fact that a man is poor
is no crimc. If being poor was a crime, and I
was before you as my judge upon trial, and the
charge was read to me, and I was asked to put in
my plea, I should have to plead that I was guilty;
that I was a great criminal; that I had been born
a criminal; and that I had lived a criminal a large
portion of my life. Yes, I have wrestled with
poverty, the gaunt and haggard monster; I have
met it in the day and night; 1 have felt his with-
ering approach and his blighting influence; but
did 1 feel myself a criminal ? No; I felt that I was
chastened, and that I was an honest man, and
that I would rescue myself from the grasp of the
monster.' But there is sin; and there is more sin
committed sometimes m becoming poor than al-
most anything else. We arc told upon high au-
thority that the drunkard and the glutton shall see
poverty; but because it is affixed as a penalty, that
does not make it a crimc. It may be the penalty
of committing crime.
Then, on the other hand, wo see some start.from
poverty and commit a great deal of sin in getting
rich, Poverty isnocrime. If every man is crim-
inal in this country who is poor, the country is
full of criminals, and we have not got enough
places of confinement to contain them. I demur;
I put in a pica of not guilty, on behalf of the poor
men ef the country, and say they arc not crim-
. inal. A man can be poorand honest. Sometimes
poverty drives a man to commit a sin, and that
sin may be criminal; but poverty itself is no crime.
It is a great inconvcniencc and a great misfortune;
but if poverty is a crime, where arc the ten thou-
sand, yea, the millions of little boys that arc
thrown on the world? Where is this rising popu-
lation? Three out of every four are poor; and
arc they all criminals? Suppose they are poor;
they have got muscles and bones and will, and
by this measure we say to every man: "Not-
withstanding you have not got $200, go and
take your one hundred and sixty acres of land;
fake care of your wife and children; educate your
boys; build up your school-houses; have your
stock about you, and become a free and inde-
pendent man." Even on the score of revenue, it
will be an advantage to the Treasury. When a
man is poor, he buys little. You increase his
means of buying, and he buys more; and the
Government, in bestowing one hundred and sixty
acres of land, increases the occupant's means to
buy; and, in a few years, by the operation of your
tariff on the article* used for the consumption of
his family, the Government will be remunerated
twenty times, even in dollars and cents. Is that
all? No. He is a better citizen; he is a more
elevated man, better calculated to perform all the
duties of a sovereign.
It is said that this is giving away the public
lands greatly below what they cost. When I turn
to a report made by a distinguished man of Vir-
ginia, for I have been dealing in Virginia author-
ities all day, I find that up to 1850, Mr. Stuart,
who was then Secretary of the Interior, made this
estimate:
" That this matter may be correctly understood, and the
value of these lands as a source of revenue be properly ap-
preciated, Jt be? leave to state that, by a careful examina-
tion, it is ascertained that tho cntiie area of the public do-
main, exclusive of the lands in Oregon, California, New
Mexico, Utah, the Indian and Nebraska Territories, was
four hundred and twenty-four million one hundred and
three thousand seven hundred and fitty acres.
About one fourth of this land has been sold, and the pur-
chase money received for it amounts to....§135,33y,092
The cost of the whole of these lands, including
the amount paid to France for Louisiana, to
Spain foi the Floudas and amount paid for
extinguishing tho Indian title.. ..$61,121,717
A portion only of the^e lands has
been surveyed, the cost of which,
including salaries of surveyors
gencial and clerks, and expenses
attending the surveys, wa>  0,369,838
Less than half the laud suiveycd
has been sold, and the whole cost
of selling and managing the
same, including every expense
not previously charged, is  7,466,334
Aggregate outlay or every kind     74,957,879
Net pi oil t to the Government §60,381,213"
Since 18.50 there has been received from the pub-
hclands about thirty-seven millions. Where is the
balance? Where is the deficit? The measure
before you provides for the settlement of each al-
ternate, leaving the remaining sections to bo en-
tered, either at §1 25 or $2 50. Add the twelve
and a half cents proposed to be charged to the $1 25
and you get more than Mr. Stuart himself says
was the cost of the public lands. lie says twenty
cents is the average cost. There were $60,000,000
of profits in 1850, and now $37,000,000 more,
making $97,000,000 profit from the public lands.
What right, then, have you to withhold from the
man who shed hi« blood, and from his children,
a part of that which is his ? Have you any right
to do it? I demand it in the name of the Ameri-
can people; I demand it in the name of the Con-
stitution;! demand it in the name of justice, as
being in conformity to the spirit and genius of our
Government.
When we begin to press this measure, there arc
various other mcasurexbrought forward. One is
to give all the lands to the States. The enlightened
statesman, Mr. Calhoun, some years ago, brought
forward a proposition to surrender all the lands to
the States. I remember it well. Mr. Calhoun did
not want to electioneer at all! lie was above that
sort of thing ! Yet, when ho wanted to concede
the power to make internal improvements, he
could change the name of a river to ft great inland
sea, and then it became constitutional. An ex-
traordinary statesman ! I do not question that he
was an extraordinary statesman. Mr. Calhoun
had some peculiar notions about government; and
if he were now living, ho and all the men in the
United States could not put a Government into
successful and practical operation under the sys-
tem he laid down. He was a logician; he could
reason from premise to conclusion with unerring
certainty, but he was as often wrong in taking his
premises as anybody else. Admit his premises,
and you were swep't off by the conclusion; but
look at his premises, and lie was just as often
wrong as any other statesman; and I think Mr.
Calhoun was more of a politician than a states-
man. Mr. Calhoun never possessed that class of
mind that enabled him to found a groat party. He
founded a sect; and if he had been a religionist,
he would have been a mere sectarian. He would
never have gone beyond founding a sect peculiar
to himself. His mind was metaphysical and logi-
cal, and he was a great man in his peculiar chan-
nel; but lie might be more properly said to have
founded a sect than a great national party.
I have been for the preemption and graduation
policy; I have been for the homestead policy; I
have been in favor of confining the future sales of
public lands to actual settlers, and to them in
limited quantities. I have looked forward to the
day when, after these measures were fixed on the
country, the homestead consummating the policy
that has been heretofore inaugurated, the result in
a few years would be a surrender of the public
lands to the States; and I look on these measures
as merely preliminary; and it is an object I have
long desired, for I want the powers of this Federal
Government circumscribed; I want it kept in its
proper orbit, and I want to withdraw the opera-
tions of the Federal Government, as far as possi-
ble, without the limits of the States. The pre-
emption, graduation, and homestead policy is
nothing but the preliminary, the prelude to an
ultimate surrender of the land to all the States in
which it lies. I want to make myself understood
as to what my policy is.
But, not to be vain or egotistic, or to claim any-
thing from the Democratic party, I want to repeat,
in conclusion, that this is emphatically a Demo-
cratic measure—inaugurated by the Democracy;
and the Republican party have only shown their
sagacity, as I remarked before, in one sense, in
coming forward and trying to appropriate that
which they know meets the approbation of the
popular heart. They show their good sense in
it; but because they will now go for my measure,
or for a Democratic measure, I shall not turn
against it.
Looking on this as a great measure, involving
great principles and great results in the future, I
say let us stand tip for it; let us forget party; let
us go for it as a measure to advance and elevate
the condition of the great mass of the people.
Why cannot we rally around it as a common al-
tar, and proclaim to the nation that it is above
party, and that it is intended to perpetuate the
Union and the Government as they have been?
But I want to come down to the last Democratic
authority on this subject. I hold in my hand a
document that was issued in 1857. The paragraph
that I will call the attention of the Senate to is
this:
" No nation in the tide of time lias cverbecn blessed with
so rich and noble an inheritance as we enjoy hi the public
lands. Jn administering this important trust, whilst it may
be wise to giant portions of them for the improvement of
the remainder, yet wc should never iorget thai it is our car-
dinal policy to reserve these lands, as much as may be,fot
actual settlers, and this at moderate prices. Wc shall
thu* not only bust promote the prospeuty of tho new .States
and Tcrntoiie<, by furnishing them a hardy and independ-
ent race of honest and industrious citizens, but shall sceure
homes for our children and our children's children, as well
a«* for those exiles from foreign shores who may seek in this
country to improve their condition, and to enjoy the bless-
ings of civil and religious liberty. Such emigrants have
done much to improve the gtowth and prosperity of tho
country. Th<w have proved faithful both in peace and in
war. After becoming citizens, they are entitled, undei tho
Constitution and laws, to be placed on a peifeet equality
with native-born citi/.cns ; and in tins chatactcr they fahould
ever be kindly lecogmzed."
Would it not seem that the bill now under con-
sideration was drafted with an eye to the propo-
sitions here laid down, a portion of the lands
being appropriated for the improvement of the re-
mainder, and the balance being, as far as possible,
reserved to actual settlers, and as homes for our
children and our children's children; -and at tho
same time opening the door to the exiles of other
countries to come her? and cultivate these lands?
I may say that there is biead and work for all.
j Let them all come, and comply with the law.
Who was it that made use of the language I have
just read5 A Republican? No. Who was it?
James Buchanan, m his inaugural address on tho
4th of March, 1857. It would seem that this bill
cove red precisely the ground laid down in that
inaugural address. Hence I infer that the Pres-
ident of the United States will not veto this meas-
ure. I hope he will not, in the event of its pas-
sage. I feel satisfied that we can and will pass
the proposition in some shape. What shape it
will be, I cannot tell; but, in conclusion, let mo
say to the friends of the homestead proposition,
who have been engaged in this warfare a long
time—for the present proposition commenced in
184C—it is now near its completion; let us stand
by it, let us put it upon the statute-book in some
shape. Once upon tho statute-book, there will
never b$ power to recall it. The people will come
up to those who are struggling in their behalf,
