1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Maclay, Mallory, Charles D. Martin, Elbert S. Martin,
Maynard, McClernand, McQueen, McRac, Miles, Millson,
Montgomery, Laban T. Moore, Sydenham Moore, Isaac
N. Morris, Nelson, Niblack, Noell, Pendleton, Peyton,
Phelps, Pryor, Pugh, Cluarles, Reagan, James C. Robinson,
Iiuffin, Rust, Scott, Sickles, Simms, Singleton, William
Smith, Stevenfson, James A. Stewart, Stokes, Stout, Tay-
lor,Thomas, Underwood, Vallandigbam, Vance, Webster,
Whiteley, Winslow, Woodson, and Wright.
For Mr. John <?. Davis— Messrs. Allen and Riggs.
For Mr. Jlllen—Mr. John G. Davis.
For Mr. Bocock—Mr. Holman.
Mr. WINSLOW, (at three o'clock, p. m.) I
move that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I demand the
yeas and, nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CLEMENS. I desire to know whether
it is the determination of any particular number
of gentlemen upon this side of the House to re-
sort to parliamentary proceedings to prevent an-
other vote being taken to-day?
The CLERK. The Clerk is not able to an-
swer the question.
Mr. CLEMENS. I put the question to this
side of the House.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. If they are
*in favor, as they profess to be, of a speedy organ-
ization of the House and a pacification of the
country, they will not resort to parliamentary tac-
tics for preventing a vote.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I am not going to make
any parliamentary maneuvers to put off a vote.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not presume that any
one would upon this side of the House. [Cries
of "Call the roll!'5   Call the roll!"]
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 108, nays 123; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Green Adams, Thomas L. Anderson,
William C. Anderson, Avery, Baiksdale,Barr, Barrett, Bo-
coek, Bonham, Boteler, Bouligny, Boyce, Biabson, Branch,
Bristow, Burch, Burnett, Horace P. Clark, John B. Clark,
Clopton, Cobb, John Cochrane, Cooper, Cox, Jame3 Craig,
BurtonCraige, Crawford, Curry, Davidson, JohnG.Davis,
Reuben Davis, De Jarnettc, Dunmick, Edmundson, Eng-
lish, TSthoridge, Floiencc, Fouke, Garnett,Gartrell, Gilmer,
Hamilton, Haideman, John T. Harris, Hatton, Ilawkms,
Hill, llmdman, Holman, Houston, Howard, Hughes, Jack-
son, Jenkins, Jones, Keitt', Kunkol, Lamar, Landruin,Lar-
rabee, James M. Leach, Leake, Logan, Love, Mallory,
Elbert S. Martin, Maynard, McClernand, McQueen, Mc-
Rae, Miles, Million, Montgomery, Laban T. Moore, Syd-
enham Moore, Isaac N. Morris, Nelson, Niblack, Noell,
Pendleton, Peyton, Phelps, Pryor, Pugh, Quarles, Reagan,
James C. Robinson, liuflin, Rust, Scott, Sickles, Simms,
Singleton, William Smith, William N. II. Smith, Steven-
son, James A. Stewart, Stout, Taylor, Thomas, Under-
wood, ValJandigham, Vance, Webster, Whiteley, Wins-
low, Wood«on, and Wnght—103.
NAYS—Messrs. Uhailcs F. Adams, Adrain, Aldrich,
Alien, Alley, Ashley, Ashmore, Babbitt, Beale, Bingham,
Blair, Blake, Brayton, Briggs, Buifinton, Burlingame, Burn-
ham, Buuoughs, Butterfield, Campbell, Carey, Carter,
Case, Clemens, Colfax, Conkhng, Coiwm, Covode, Curtis,
Dawes, Delano, Ducll, Dunn, Edgertcn, Edwards, Eliot,
Ely, Farnswoith, Fcnton, Ferry, Foster, Frank, French,
Gooch, Graham, Grow, Gurley, Hale, Hall, flaskin, Ilel-
nnck, Hickman, Hoard, Humphrey, Ilutchins, Irvine,
,Junkm, Francis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Kenyon,
Kilgore, Killinger, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, Longnecker,
Loomis, Lovejoy, Maclay, Marston, McKean, McKnight,
McPhcrfon, Miilward, Moorhead, Moral!, Edward Joy
Moms, Moisc, Nixon, Ohn, Palmer, Pennington, Perry,
Pettit, Poiter, Potter, Pottle, Reynolds, Rice, Riggs,Chris-
topher Robinson, Iloyce, Schwartz, Scranton, Sedgwick,
Sherman, Somes, Spauklmg, Spinner, Stanton, Stevens,
William Stewart, Stokes, Stiatton, Tappan, Thayer,
Theaker, Tompkins, Train, Tumble, Vandever, Van
Wvck, Verree, Wade, Waldion, Walton, Cadwalader C.
Washburn. Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Wells,
Wilson. Windom, Wood, and Woodruff—123.
So tlie House refused to adjourn.
Pending the above call,
Mr. CLEMENS said: Mr. Clerk, I think that
one vote more ought to bo taken to-day; and, in
the expectation that after that vote the other side
will extend the same courtesy to us that was ex-
tended to them on my call, last Friday evening, I
will vote in the negative.
Mr. KILGORE. I move that the House do
now proceed to vote viva voce for Speaker the
forty-second time; and on that motion I call for
the previous question.
Mr. STANTON. I sccond the call for the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and being put, the motion
was agreed to.
Mr. Adrain took Mr. Riggs's place as one of
the tellers.
rdRTY-SECOND BALLOT FOR SPEAKER.
The House then proceeded to the forty-second
ballot for Speaker, with the following result:
Whole number of votes cast, 233; necessary to a
choice,-117; of which—
Mr. Pennington received 135
Mr. William N. H. Smith U3
Mr. McClernand .  2
Mr. Briggs      1
Mr. John G. Davis.,  1
Mr. Alien  1
So there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Pennington—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Adrain,
Aldrich, Alley, Ashley, Babbitt, Beale, Bingham, Blair,
Biake, Brayton, Buffmton, Burlingame, Burnham, Bur-
roughs, Butterfield, Campbell, Carey, Carter, Case, Colfax,
Conkling, Corwin, Covode, Cuitis, Dawes, Delano, Duell,
Dunn, Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Fani&worth, Fenton,
Perry, Foster, Frank, French, Gooch, Graham, Grow, Gur-
ley, Hale, Hall, Ilaskin, Hcimick, Hickman, Hoard, Hum-
phrey, Hutchins, Irvine, Junkni, Francis W. Kellogg, Wil-
liam Kellogg, Kenyon, Kilgore, Killinger, De Witt C.
Leach, Lee, Longnecker, Loomis,Lovejoj', Marston, Mc-
Kean, McKnight, McPherson, Miilward, Moorhead, Mor-
rill, Edward Joy Morris, Morse, Nixon, Olin, palmer, Perry,
Pettit, Porter, Potter, Pottle, Reynolds, Rice, Christopher
Robinson, Royce, Schwartz, Scranton, Sedgwick, Sher-
man, Somes, Spauldmg, Spinner, Stanton, Stevens, Wil-
liam Stewart, Stratum, Tappan, Thayer, Theaker, Tomp-
kins, Train, Trimble, Vandever, Van Wyck, Verree, Wade,
Waldron, Walton, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Ellihu B.
Washburne, Israel Washburn, Wells, Wilson, Windom,
Wood, and Woodruff.
For Mr. William N. H. Smith—Messrs. Green Adams,
Thomas L. Anderson, William C. Anderson, Ashmore,
Avery, Barksdale, Barr, Barrett, Bocock, Bonham, Boteler,
Bouligny, Boycc, Brabson, Branch, Briggs, Bristow, Bureh,
Burnett, Hoiace F. Clark, John B. Clark, Clemens, Clop-
ton, Cobb, John Cochrane, Cooper, Cox, Jama's Craig, Bur-
ton Craige, Ciawfoid, Curry, Davidson, H. Winter Davis,
Reuben Davis, De Jarnette, Dimmick, Edmundson, Eng-
lish, Etheridge, Florence, Fouke, Garnett, Gartrell, Gilmer,
Hamilton, Hardeman, J. Morrison Harris, John T. Harris,
Hatton, Ilawkms, Hill, Hindman, Houston, Howard,
Hughes, Jackson, Jenkins, Jones, Keitt, Kunkel, Lamar,
Landrum, Larrabee, James M. Leach, Leake, Logan, Love,
Maclay, Mallory, CharlesD. Martin,Elbert S. Martin,May-
nard, McClernand, McQueen, McRae, Miles, Millson,
Montgomery, Laban T. Moore, Sydenham Moore, Isaac N,
fllorris, Nelson, Niblack, Noell, Pendleton, Peyton, Phelps,
Pryor, Pugh, Quarles, Reagan, James C. Robinson, Rufim,
Rust, Scott, Sickles, Simms Singleton, William Smith,
Stevenson, James A. Stcwait, Stoke, Stout, Tayloi,
Thomas, Underwood, Yallamligham, Vance, Webster,
Whiteley, Winslow, Woodson, and Wright.
For Mr. McClcrnand—Messrs. Holman and Riggs.
For Mr. Brings—Mr. William N. II. Smith.
For Mr. John t?. Davis—Mr. Allen.
For Mr. Allen—Mr. John G. Davis,
During the vote,
Mr. RIGGS, when his name was called, said:
Mr. Clerk, I am assured that my vote, if cast for
my colleague from New Jersey, will secure an
election of Speaker; and although I do not concur
with him in political sentiment, and do not mean
to identify myself in any way with the Republi-
can party, yet deeming it important that an elec-
tion should now be effected, I cast my vote for
William Pennington. [Applause upon the floor
and in the galleries.]
Mr. ERIGGS. Mr. Clerk, with the permission
of the House, I wish to say a few words. I will
say in the outset, in order to disabuse the minds
of gentlemen who may be under the impression
that there is to be a change of my vote, that as
that vote is cast so it will stand, ftut I desire to
explain the position in which I now find myself
placed. The House will bear me witness that I
have, during this eight weeks' struggle in which
wo have been engaged, avowed upon this floor,
and I did so frequently before entering upon the
discharge of my duties here, that I could join my
vote with the votes of those termed the Opposi-
tion, in support of any'man for Speaker of this
House who entertained conservative principles,
and whose antecedents could not be regarded as
ultra or partisan in their charactei.
It is true, I have said that I could vote for Mr.
Corwin or for Mr. Pennington for Speaker.
I have stood consistently in that position up to
Friday morning last at ten o'clock. On Thurs-
day last, I made an advance to the gentleman
from New Jersey, [Mr. Adrain,] to the effect that
if he and his colleague [Mr. Riggs] would go with
me, I would cast my vote for Mr*. Pennington.
Then the issue was between Mr. Sherman, on
the one hand, and other candidates upon the other.
[Cries from the Republican benches of " What
candidates ?"and of " Order!" "Order !" from the
Democratic benches.] There have been so many
that I can scarcely name them. The issue was so
made upon Mr. Sherman that I could never cast
my vote for him for Speaker. To give an earn-
est of my profession, I stated that I could vote
for Mr. Corwin or for Mr. Pennington. I stated
to Mr. Adrain that if he would join me, as I
remarked a few moments ago, I would cast my
vote for Mr. Pennington. That was on last
Thursday. Mr. Adrain did not agree with me
in the proposed policy at that time, and he dis-
suaded me from it. I had no intention of voting
for Mr. Pennington, unless it could be shown to
the country that if the three votes which Mr.
Sherman lacked were cast for Mr. Pennington,
he could be elected Speaker.
On Friday last, action was taken by an Amer-
ican caucus, of which, it is unnecessary to'state,
I was a member. That party has, within a*, few
days, been severely handled by my friends on the
Democratic side. I haye no resentment for .the
assaults made upon my party in the reasons which
fentlemen gave for voting for Mr. Smith. They
ad their motive for doing so, I have no doubt.
[Laughter.] It was necessary, I presume, that
tender-footed Democrats should have some blar-
ney for home consumption. [Renewed laughter.]"
Yes, gentlemen, you had to have some " rich Irish
brogue and sweet German accent." Perhaps that
was absolutely necessary. [Great laughter from
the Republican benches.] I say, perhaps that
was absolutely necessary for their salvation in a
political sense. [Renewed laughter.] In that cau-
cus on Friday last, Mr. Clerk, I committed my-
self to their action in support of Mr. Smith, of
North Carolina, for Speaker of this House. The
result of Frida/'s voting must have astonished
everybody. It took me by surprise. • [Great
laughter.] Not because I did not desire Mr.
Smith's election; but I had no idea that he could
have received the number of votes that he did. I
had the pleasure, as a teller, to notice the number
of votes he received, and that, at one time, he was
elected. He would have been Speaker to-day,
and presiding over our deliberations, had it not
been for vacillation, I will not say treachery and
duplicity, of which I could not be guilty. [Laugh-
ter and clapping of hands from the Democratic
benches, and cries of "That is right!"] Imean
it in no personal sense.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. If the gen-
tleman, means it in a personal sense, I am ready
to make the issue. [Cries of" Order!" " Order!"
from the Democratic benches.]
Mr. BRIGGS. I make the remark for aigu-
ment's sake, and I will not withdraw it. The
conduct of the'gentlemen who withdrew from Mr.
Smith was, I think, most inexcusable. [Clap-
ping of hands upon the Democratic benches, and
cries of "Order!" from the Republicans.] I am
ready to apply the expression in almost any sense
in which it may be taken. Had those gentlemen
acted in good faith 
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I rise to
ask the gentleman a question. [Cries of "Or-
der!" " Order!" from the Democratic benches.]
I ask the gentleman— [Renewed cries of4' Order!'5]
The CLERK. The Clerk begs leave to state
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, that objec-
tion being fhadc, he cannot proceed while the gen-
tleman from New York is upon the floor.
Mr. RUST. I object, and I insist upon my
objection.
Mr. BRIGGS. I say, Mr. Clerk, if those gen-
tlemen who, by their votes, gave us reason to
expect their support—and the fact was understood
after our caucus, that we should rcceive aid and
comfort from that solid phalanx which for eight
weeks remained unbroken in favor of Mr. Sher-
man—if those gentlemen had acted in good faith,
and adhered to their votes for Mr. Smith, he to-
day, T repeat it, would have been the Speaker of
this House. Now, gentlemen, I wish to say to
yovt that, for consistency's sake, for the sake of
a dear conscience, for the sake of redeeming a
"pledge of honor to support one's own candidate,
I feel compelled to vote for Mr. Smith while there
is a reasonable and rational hope of his election
to the position of Speaker of this House. [Ap-
plause from the Democratic benches and in the
galleries.] But whenever the time arrives, in my
judgment, that there is not a reasonable hope of
electing Mr. Smitii, 1 shall regard myself eman-
cipated from any pledges of honor arising from
the action of our caucus on Friday morning last;
and when I am so emancipated, and am free to
occupy the position which I occupied up to Friday
last; and whenever I shall see such a contingency
as that which has presented itself to-day, in which
