1800.
THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE,
i§S
and thorc will never be a Senate here who will
take it off the statute-book. Shall I make tTio ap-
peal to the friends of the measure—after having
fought this battle for fifteen or sixteen long years
—now, when we are in sight of the very conclu-
sion, do not let us divide and become distracted
among ourselves, and let the measure fall to the
ground? Let us meet each other in a spirit of
compromise, holding to the substance; holding to
the great principle that runs through the bill; not
falling out about little details or immaterial points;
but now, as we have got so near to the final at-
tainment, let us consummate this great measure.
Shall we stop here, and like the Dead Sea fruit, let
it turn to ashes, or shall we stand firm and con-
summate this great measure ?
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, in the debate
which arose yesterday upon the speech, and the
very able speech, delivered by the honorable Sen-
ator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Doolittle,] I saw, or
thought I saw, that the ends to be attained by the
measure before the Senate, which is a bill from
the House of Representatives, which wc all know
was brought in, passed in that House by the Re-
publican party in opposition to the Government,
were to carry out as a great measure of policy, in
the struggle for power, a mode by which most
effectually the public lands in the Territories as
well as in the States would be confined to set-
tlers from the free States alone, to the exclusion
of those from the slave States; and I attempted,
certainly in a very feeble manner, to call the at-
tention of the country, and more especially of that
portion of the country from which I come, the
southern States, to the development of this pol-
icy. In doing that, I incidentally, and inciden-
tally only, called the attention of the honorable
Senator from Tennessee to the company in which
he found himself, not willingly or as a volunteer,
but in which he must necessarily be placed if he
pursued a coursc of policy apparently taken out
of his hands by the opposite party and intended
to be used for purposes most destructive to his
quarter and to mine. I really thought, in doing
that, I should be entitled to, even if I do not re-
ceive, the kindness of the honorable Senator, and
not his rebuke. But it seems so far from it (prob-
ably because the honorable Senator may be sen-
sitive on that favorite measure) that I have brought
upon me a wrath to which that of Achilles, cel-
ebrated in Homeric verse, would hardly be com-
pared, Sir, I deprecate the wrath of that hon-
orable Senator. He and I sit on the same side
of the Chamber. I should suppose that we would
pursue a common course on measures of policy
in reference to the Government; but more than
all, I supposed that if there was a measure de-
visrd, and the policy of which was announced to
be actually destructive of that section from which
I come in common with that Senator, and I
warned him of it in kindness, I should not have
poured upon me the extraordinary violence of
wrath in which the honorable Senator has in-
dulged to-day.
Sir, I thought the controversy was between me
and the honorable Senator from Wisconsin. I
never intended to assign to the Senator from Ten-
nessee the position ho lias voluntarily assumed,
making himself one of the conspicuous of the
drftuiaiis personaz. The Senator is too sensitive.
If he thinks it wise to unite with the Opposition
in passing such a measure, let him do it. I do not
interfere between that Senator and his constitu-
ents. He talked of my having attempted on sev-
eral occasions to take the State of Tennessee into
my keeping. Mr. President, the Senator must be
ascribing motives to others by which ho is usually
guided himself. T have too much respect for all
the States to question,far less to rebuke them here.
I assure the honorable Senator that I have for his
own State. I have nothing to do with them; 110
disposition to interfere with them whatever. If
the State of Tennessee, one of the southern States
of this Confederacy, gives open and avowed coun-
tenance to a measure of this Republican organiza-
tion, the design and purpose of which is to destroy
the best interests of the southern scction of the
Union, let the State of Tennessee do it; but I shall
never believe it until it is verified in some manner
of more certainty than the intonation of the voice
of her representatives 011 this floor.
I say, in the very agreeable interview which I
had with the honorable Senator from Wisconsin
yesterday, that his specch, an able, well-consid-
ered, and well-devised 011c, had to me shedn flood
of light upon the subject of the homestead bill;
and the honorable Senator from Tennessee takes
me to account for admitting light from any quar-
ter, far more from the Opposition; and the honor-
able Senator said he was gratified to find that I
had'at last seen light; but he was surprised that
I would allow it to come from that quarter. Sir,
the Senator and I look very differently on matters
of such policy. I have been taught that it is
safest to have the teachings of your enemies. I
will not give it'in the Latin, lest I should offend the
ear of that honorable Senator %vho seems to have
been making war too upon the classics. I have
been taught, sir, as a maxim, that it is safe to
profit by your enemies. I certainly am disposed
to do it. The honorable Senator says he has
been taught to think for himself. Sir, I should
think from his display this morning, that he has
been taught to think for himself. I have been
taught to listen to the thoughts of other men and
compare them with mine, and form the best judg-
ment that 1 can with their aid. We have been
bred in different schools and reason in a different
manner.
The honorable Senator has said that this home-
stead policy, as he calls it, takes its date from the
foundation of this Government, the days of Wash-
ington. He has pursued through the statute-book
the recommendation of various Presidents, until
he comes down to the legislation of 1850, when
he taunts me with having voted for a policy which
I now repudiate, and thinks that I attempted yes-
tord;#, to use his language, to escape the conse-
quences of that by sitting silent and refraining
from a vote on those bills. Sir, I told that honor-
able Senator yesterday, in reference to the law
that he cited—and I thought lie understood me—
and I tell him now again, that, so far as I recol-
lcet, I voted for those laws—I mean so far as
the policy was of bringing settlers on the unset-
tled lands in unoccupied 1 erritories. I doubt not
that if wc were'now thrown back to 1850 with
these unsettled lands then to be organized into
Territories, I should vote for it; and the Senator
thinks he has caught me nowin a groat departure
from what that honorable Senator calls a principle.
The honorable Senator says it has been his pol-
icy in life, and he ascribes it to his State, to ascer-
tain what is the true principle, and then follow it
out to its consequcnccs; and thus lie has found
the principle of the homestead bill in this legisla-
tion of 1850. Mr. President, with those who arc
not accustomed to think for themselves alone, it
is usual fust to be satisfied that they understand
the principle before they expound it to others. It
is very important, I should think; but, with great
deference to the opinions of better thinkers, before
you pursue a principle to its consequences, that
you should understand what the principle is. The
Senator says, because this policy of bringing set-
tlers on unoccupied lands was adopted in the early
stages of this Government, and was carried out in
the laws of 1850, it follows, as a consequence, that
the homestead bill is the result of the sama prin-
ciple. I deny it absolutely. The two things are
as wide apart as great measures of policy can be.
What was the policy recommended by the earlier
Presidents, and carried into the legislation of 1850
and since? In the first instance, according to my
recollection, it was in the case of the Territory of
Oregon, a law to which the Senator has adverted,
and for which, doubtless, I voted, although I do
not remember it; and an honorable Senator has
been good enough to call to my notice the fact,
that before the Oregon question was settled; before
itwas determined where the boundaries of Oregon
were,and while it was a matter of dispute between
Great Britain and the United States, a bill was
introduced into the Senate in 1842, by a very
learned and able Senator at that day, from Mis-
souri, the intention of which was, while the ques-
tion remained unsettled, to in rite American citizens
into that country for the purpose of occupying it;
for the purpose of having a nucleus of Ameiican
citizenship there when the right of property should
be ultimately ascertained and the boundary dis-
tinctly traccd out between the two Governments.
That bill shadowed out the policy. It was intro-
duced by Mr. Linn, in 1843, and contained this
clause in the second section:
<■ That hundred and t'orty acre*, or one section of land,
shall he gianted to every white male inhabitant of said Ter-
ritory, of the ajc of eighteen yeais and upwards, who shall
cultivate and use the same for five years, or to his heir or
heirs at law, if such there be.!r - '"
There was the commencerteht of this policy oh
the part of the Government.' : What was it? To
give away the public lands to actual Settlers iivthe
Territories and in the States wherever public lands
were to be found? No; but the wise poiicy of
inviting American citizens into the unoccupied
Territories of the country, or those which the
country was about to acquire, for the purpose of
forming a nucleus of population for different use's;
and amongst others, doubtless, the great one wits
to be prepared, by an armed population, against
an Indian occupation of {he country. That was
afterwards carried into the Oregon bill, to which
the honorable Senator has referred, as the insti-
tution of the principle which he says he is now
carrying out. The bill creating the office of sur-
veyor general of public lands in Oregon, in 1850,
provided in its fourth section that all whife per-
sons or lialf-brecd Indians then actually resident
in the Territory should have a certain amount of
land granted to them. How came they there be-
fore the title was adjusted? Invited there by this
bill of 1842, and found there when the law passed;
invited there by the bill of 1842, as I have been
told by the honorable Senator who now so ably
represents the State of Oregon? and who is famil-
iar with all the legislation and the results of the
legislation in that Territory. The next section
was an invitation to others to go there, to whom
should be given like amounts of land. The fifth
section provided that all white male citizens, or
persons who had made a declaration of intention
to become such, and who would go into the Ter-
ritory between the 1st of December, 1851, and the
1st of December, 1853—limiting the period —
should be entitled to a certain quantity of the pub-
lic lands, provided they would actually settle on
them. What was that policy? It was that which
any wise and prudent Government would insti-
tute in relation to an immense and unoccupied
Territory, such as Oregon was at that day—an
invitation to citizens of the country and to those
foreigners, also, who would become citizens, to
go there and occupy lands that were unoccupied;
in other words, to take possession of a wilder-
ness, giving to the Government strength and power
within the wilderness when it should be neces-
sary to use it.
So in the ease of Nebraska and Kansas. That
was an Indian country, set apart exclusively for
them, not open to settlement. There were ns
white people there, or but very few. According
to my recollection at that time, there were none
there unless by the authority of law, for purposes
specified in the law, who were not trespassers;
but the trespassers were very few. In the law
passed in 1854, organizing these two Territories,
the policy of the Oregon law was pursued in part.
It was unoccupicd, except by Indians; and an in-
vitation was given to white settlements there, not
by giving away the public land, but giving a right
of preemption, for the purpose of placing the wil-
derness in the hands of civilization. That was
the policy, that was the principle which the hon-
orable Senator from Tennessee says he is now
working out. How ? By giving away the public
lands; not in the wilderness, not in territory un-
occupicd, but giving the public lands in the States
and Territories to the first comer who will tako
possession of them as a gratuity. Why, sir, if
it could be brought in connection with this ori-
ginal purpose, with the policy of bringing settle-
ments into Territories unsettled and unoccupied,
it would be brought into connection with it in
contrast; not in furtherance of the principle, but
in defeat of it, and in contrast with it.
Then, again, the honorable Senator from Ten-
nessee thinks that 1 have been guilty of a veij
great inconsistency, at least, in voting for the grad-
uation bill, introduced by my colleague some five
or six years since, which made the minimum price
of the public lands'"twelve and a half cents an acre.
He looks upon that as a carrying into execution
of the great principle that ho relics upon for the
sanction of his homestead bill. He would seem
to consider that the policy of the graduation bill
and the policy of the hontestcad bill were the
same; and if I voted for the graduation bill, and
refuse now to vote for the homestead bill, I am
inconsistent! Well, Mr. President, if the Sena-
tor were right,'I should not"he afraid of the in-
consistency. I should be concerned, if it could
