2600
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 4,
when it was obvious that Dr. Franklin had done
no such thing. This great man was soon sum-
moned away by death, but not until he had fast-
ened upon this debate an undying condemnation,
by portraying, with his matchless pen, a scene in
the Divan at Algiers, wjiere a corsair Slave-dealer,
insisting upon the enslavement of White Chris-
tians, is made to repeat the Congressional spcech
of an American Slave-master.
But these displays of Violence have naturally
increased with the intensity of the discussion. Im-
pelled-to be severe, but with little appreciation of
the finer forms of debate, they could not be severe
exccpt by violating the rules of debate; not know-
ing that there is a serencr power than any found
in personalities, and that all severity which trans-
cends the rules of debate, becomes disgusting as
the talk of Yahoos, and harms him only who de-
grades himself to be its mouth-piece. Of course,
on such occasions, the cause of Slavery, amidst
all seeming triumphs, has lost, and Truth has
gained.
It was against John Q,uincy Adams that this
violence was first directed in full force. To a char-
acter spotless as snow, and to universal attain-
ments as a scholar, this illustrious citizen added
experience in all the eminent posts of the Repub-
lic,'which he had filled with an ability and integ-
rity, now admitted even by hisenemies,and which
impartial history cannot forget. Having been Pres-
ident of the United States, he entered the House
of Representatives at the period when the Slave
Question in its revival first began to occupy the
public attention. In all the completeness of his
nature, he became the representative of Human
Freedom. The first struggle occutrcd on the right
of petition, which Slave-masteis, with chauictei-
istic tyranny, sought to suppress. This was re-
sisted by the venerable patriot, and wliot he did
was always done with his whole heart. Then was
poured upon him abuse as from a cart. Slave-
masters, "foaming out their shame," became con-
spicuous, not less for an avowal of sentiments at
which Civilization blushed, than for an effrontery
%of manner where the accidental legislator was lost
in the natural overseer, and the lash of the plant-
ation resounded in the voice.
In ail address to his constituents, 17th Septem-
ber, 1842, Mr. Adams thus frankly describes the
treatment he had experienced:
" T never can take pait in any debate upon an impoitant
subject, be it only upon a more abstraction, but a pack
opens upon me ot personal invcetiv* in icititn. Language
ha.* no word of reproach and railing that irf not huiled at
mo "
And in the same speech he gives a glimpse of
Slave-masters.
" Wiiore the South cannot effect her object by brow-
beating, she wheedles."
On another occasion he said, with his accus-
tomed power:
" ! nsult, bullying, and threat, characterize the Slavehold-
ers in Congress; talk,timidity, and submission, Uic Repre-
sentatives* irom the Fice States.f'
*Hor were the Slave-masters contented with the
violence of words. True to the instincts of Sla-
very, they threatened personal indignity of every
kind, and even assassination. And hero South
Carolina naturally took the lead.
The Charleston Mercury, which always speaks
the true voice of Slavery, said in 1837:
" Public opinion in the South would now, wo aie sure,
justify an immediate ret-ori toloioe b\ the southern delega-
tion. cien on the Jlooi of Congrcsi, \veie tm\v knthwith to
f-oize and dia# from the Hall any man who dared to insult
them, as that eccentric old (showman, John Quincy Adams,
lias dared to do."
And at a public dinner at Witlterborough, in
South Carolina, on the 4th of July, 1842, the fol-
lowing toast, afterwaidspresoi ved by Mr. Adams
in one of his speeches, was drunk with unbounded
applause:
"■ May we never want a Dcmociat to trip up the heel-> of
a Fed«ialu-t, or a hangman to prepare a haltei lor John
Qtiinev Adams! [Nine cheers.]-'
A Slave-master from South Carolina, Mr.
Waddy Thompsons in debate in the House of
Representatives, threatened the venerable patriot
with tlx-44 penitentiary," and another Slave-mas-
ter, Mr. Marshall of Kentucky, insisted that he
should b c(t silenced." Ominous word! full of sug-
gestion to the bludgeon-bearers of Slavery. But
the great representative of Freedom stood firm.
Meanwhile Slavery assumed more and more the
port of the giant Maul in the Pilgrim's Progress,
who continued with his club breaking the-sk'ulls
of pilgrims, until he was slain by Mr. Great Heart,
making way for the other pilgrims, Mr. Valiant
for Truth, Mr. Standfast, and Mr. Honest.
Next to John Ctuincy Adams, no person in
Congress has been more conspicuous for long-
continued and patriotic services against Slavery,
than Joshua R. Giddings, of Ohio; nor have any
such services received in higher degree that hom-
age which is found in the personal and most vin-
dictive assaults of Slave-masters. For nearly
twenty years he sat in the House of Representa-
tives, bearing his testimony always loftily, and
never shrinking, though exposed to the grossest
brutality. In a recent public address at New
York, he has himself recounted some of these
instances.
On the presentation by him of resolutions af-
firming that Slavery was a local institution, and
could not exist outside of the Slave States., and
applying this principle to the case of the Creole,
the House "caught" the South Carolina fever.
A proposition censuring him was introduced by
Slave-masters, and pressed to a vote under the
operation of the previous question withoutgiving
him a moment for explanation, or reply. This
glaring outrage upon freedom of debate was re-
dressed at once by the constituency of Mr. Gid-
dings, who returned him again to his seat. From
that time the rage of the Slave-masters against
him was constant. Here is his own brief ac-
count:
" I w^ll not speak of the tune, when Dawson, of Louis-
ana, drew a bowie kmfe for my anamination. I was af-
torwa'di ^peakin" with regaid to a ccitnm transaction in
which negroes weie concerned in Geoigia, when Mr. Black,
oi Geoigiu, tailing his bludgeon, and standing in liontof
my seat, >:ud to mc,' If you repeat that language again, I
will knock you down.' It was* a solemn moment lor me.
I had never been knocked down, and having some euiios-
ity upon that subject, I lepeated the language. Then Mr.
Dawson, of Louisiana, the same whoh.iddiawn the bowie-
knife, placed hi?, hand in his pocket, and said, with an oath,
which I will not lepeat, that he would shoot me, at the
same time cocking the pistol, so that all around me could
hear it click."
Listening to these horrors, ancient stories of Bar-
barism seem all outdone; and the "viper-broth,"
which was a favorite decoction m a barbarous age,
seems to have become the daily drink of Ameri-
can Slave-masters. The blaspheming reckless-
ness of tl?e witches in Macbeth, dancing round
the cauldron, and dropping into it "sweltered
venom sleeping got,"and every other "charm of
powerful trouble," was all renewed. But Mr.
Giddings. strong in the consciousness of right,
knew the dignify of his position. He knew that
it is honorable always to «ervc the cause of Lib-
erty, and that it is a privilege to suffer for this
cause. Reproach, contumely, violence even unto
death, are rewards, not punishments:and clearly
the indignities which you oiler can excite no
shame except for their authors.
Besides these eminent instances, others maybe
mentioned, showing the personalities to which
Senators and Representatives have been exposed,
when undertaking to speak for Freedom. And
truth compels me to add, that there is too much
evidence that these have been aggravated by the,
circumstances that, where persons notoriously re-
jected an appeal to the Duel, such insults could
be offered with impunity.
Here is an instance. In 3848, Mr. Hale, the
Senator from New Hampshire, who still contin-
ues an honor to this body, introduced into the
Senate a bill for the protection of property in the
District of Columbia, especially against mob-vio-
lence. In the course of the debate that ensued,
Mr. Foote, a Slave-master from Mississippi, thus
menaced him:
" i invite the Senator to the State of jyii^tmppi, and will
tell huu bHoiehand, in all how-ty, that ho could not go
ten miles into the mtei lor befon* he would grace one of the
tallest ti cct' of the foief t with a rope around his neck, with
the approbation ot every vutuous and patriotic citizen, and
that, it necessary, I should myself as'att m the operation.1*
That this bloody threat may not seem to stand
alone, I a/Id two others.
Mr. ITammoxd, of South Carolina, now a Sen-
i ator, is repoited as saying in the House of Rep-
resentatives:
" I wain the Abolitionist4?, ignorant, infatuated barbarians
asthcy aie, that il chance shall throw any of them into our
hand-", they may e\p -ct a felon's death'."'
And in IS-ll. Mr. Payne, a Slave-master from
Alabama, in the couise of debate m the House of
Representatives, alluding to the Abolitionists,
among whom he insisted the Postmaster General
ought to be included, declared that—
" He would put the brand of Cain upon them — yes, the
mark of hell; and if they came to the South, he would hang
them like do%s/"
And these words were applied to men who
simply expressed the recorded sentiments of
Washington, Jefferson, and Franklin.
Even during the present session of Congress, I
find in the Congressional Globe the following in-
terruptions of Mr. Lovejoy, when speaking on
Slavery. I do not characterize them, but simply
cite them:
By Mr. Barksdale, of Mississippi:
"Order that black-hearted scoundrel and nigger-stealing
thief to take bis seat."
By Mr. Boyce, of South Carolina, addressing
Mr. Lovejoy:
"Then behave yourself."
By Mr. Gartrell, of Georgia, (in his seat.)
"The man is crazy."
By Mr. Barksdale, of Mississippi, again;
"No, sir; you stand there to-day an infamous, perjured
villain."
By Mr. Ashmore, of South Carolina:
" Yes; he is a perjured villain, and he perjures himself
every hour he occupies a seat on this floor."
By Mr. Singleton, of Mississippi:
" And a negro-thief into the bargain."
By Mr. Barksdale, of Mississippi, again:
" I hope my colleague will hold no parley with that per-
jured negro-thief."
By Mr. Singleton, of Mississippi, again:
"No, &ir; any gentlenjan shall have time, but not such
a mean, despicable wretch as that!"
By Mr. Martin, of Virginia:
" And if you come among us, we will do with yon as we
did with John Brown—hang you as high as Ilaman. I say
that as a Virginian."
But enough—enough; and I now turn from this
branch of the argument with a single remark.
While exhibiting the Character of Slave-masters,
these numerous instances—and they might be
multiplied indefinitely—attest the weakness of
their cause. It requires no spccial talent to esti-
mate the insignificance of ay argument that can
be supported only by violence. The scholar will
not forget the story told by Lucian of the collo-
quy betwetween Jupiter and a simple country-
man. They talked with ease and freedom until
they differed, when the angry god at once men-
aced his honest opponent with a thunder-bolt.
" Ah, ah !" said the clown, with perfect compo-
sure, "now, Jupiter, I know you are wrong.
You are always wrong when you appeal to your
thunder.-"" And permit mc to say, that every
appeal, whether to the Duel, the bludgeon, or the
revolver—every menace of personal violence, and
every outrage of language, besides disclosing a
hideous Barbarism, also discloses the fevered ner-
vousness of a cause already humbled in debate.
(4.) Much as has been said to exhibit the Char-
acter of Slave-masters, the work would be incom-
plete if I failed to point out that unconsciousness
•of the fatal influetffce of Slavery, which completes
the evidence of the Barbarism under which they
live. Nor am I at liberty to decline this topic;
but I shall be brief.
That Senators should openly declare Slavery
" ennobling,"atleast to the master,and also " the
black marble key-stone of our national arch,"
would excite wonder if it were not explained by
the examples of history. There are men who, in
the spirit of paradox, make themselves the parti-
sans of a bad cause, as Jerome Cardan wrote an
Encomium on Nero. But where there is no dis-
position to paradox, it is natural that a cherished
practice should blind those who arc under its in-
fluence; nor is there any end to these exaggera-
tions. According to Thucydides, piracy m the
early ages of Greece was alike widespread and
honorable; so much so, that Telemachus and
Mentor, on landing at Mycenae, were asked by
Nestor if they were "pirates"—precisely as a
stranger in South Carolina might be asked if he
were a Slave-master. Kidnapping, too, which was
a kindred indulgence, was openly avowed, and I
doubt not held to be "ennobling." Next to the
unconsciousness which is noticed in childhood, is
the unconsciousncss of Barbarism. The real Bar-
barian is as unconscious as an infant; and the
