214
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 10,
36tii Coxa.... 1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Parrott.
Ho. op Heps.
Mi. REAGAN. Let mc pat a question to tho
gentleman. 1 do so for the purpose of dialing
information. Is the number of population stated
by the gentleman the number that is included
within the boundaries of the proposed new State,
as prescribed in the pending bill; or arc the people
outside of tho western boundary of the proposed
new State included in his statement? Does he
embrace the Pike's Peak settlors?
Mr. PARROTT. I am going to consider the
census, about which something has already been
said; and I may say in reference to the interrog-
atory of the gentleman from Texas, [Mr. Reagan,]
that the population disclosed by these elections
and by the census which has been taken, is, none
of it, included in the region cut off and now known
as Pike's Peak.
Mr. REAGAN. Let mc understand the gen-
tleman. Does he say that his aggregate embraces
none of the people of what is known as the Pike's
Peak region?
Mr. PARROTT. I say that the people who
live in what is now known as Pike's Peak, and
outside of tho western boundary of the proposed
now State, arc not included in any of these esti-
mates.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Has the gentleman in his
possession the returns taken under the census? If
he has, I would like to have the exact figures.
Mr. PARROTT. I am coming to that. I am
reluctant, Mr. Speaker, to put my own testimony
in; but it will be remembered by gentlemen, and
it has been reproduced here this morning, that the
Delegate from Oregon, when similarly situated to
myself, offered his testimony, and it was accepted,
and I believe acted upon, at least by a respectable
portion of the opposite side of the House. It is
for this reason that I have, in this connection,
stated my own conviction of the sufficiency of
population. I hold in my hand a report made by a
committee—the Committee on Elections of the late
Territorial Legislature of Kansas. I call the at-
tention of the gentleman from Mississippi [Mr.
Baricsdale] to it. It is a report on an imperfect
and fragmentary census taken in June, lb.59, by
order of the Legislature, for purposes of taxation,
!havin^ no reference to the requirements of the
English bill. None of the counties are fully re- ,
ported, and many made no return at all. What j
I am now going to read, is a revision of this con- I
sus by the last^Legislaturc. |
Mr. BARKSDALE. I would inquire if that i
census was taken under an act authorized by the
Legislature of Kansas?
Mr. PARROTT. I so stated. Since that time
the immigration into Kansas has been unprece-
dented. 1 was saying, that the Committee on
Elections in the Legislature of Kansas, to which
' was referred the subject of the census, reported, as
follows:
The Committee on Elections, to whom wfi«i referred the
Mibject of the census, have had the subject under eonsul-
* latum, and ask leave to submit tho following ropoit:
Your committee have examined the leturrn as s-ubmittod
with the Governor's message, and find from mfoi mation ob-
tained lioin the clerks of llie several counties returned, and
member who represent tho^e counties in both branches of
the Legislature, that the returns ate very imperfect; that
in many counties only partial returns have been received
bv the executive, n-* required by law.
'Your committee find that Doniphan county has returned
from four townships, eleven hundred and eleven legistered
votes, and a population of thniy-live hundred and nine, and
horn reliable mfoimation bctoie the committee, the  esta-
te rs of that county now show a tegi^eied vote ot ovoi
eighteen hundred, which would maUe an additional popu-
lation of about three thousand.
Atchison returned nine hundred and sixty-Three let-
tered votes and a population of thuty-seven hundred and
tvverity-thice, and now has on the iei;i>terabout two thou-
sand vote«, which would make an additional population ot
fortv-two hundred.
Kiiev county is not retm ned, in which there are now about
six bundled and fifty votes, with a population of about
tvventv-vjv hundred.
LeaVenwoith coinitv has returned a vote of thiee thou-
sand four bundled atidloity-hve, and a population of twelve
thousand one bundled and twentv-two. The population at
that 1 Line m the city ot Leavenworth was neail} the amount
returned fiom the whole county. Fiom the mo>t lekaule
information obtained in mi potions wei! acquainted and rep-
resenting that county h"iv, the county contains a popula-
tion of sixteen thousand, making an additional population
of about foui thousand.
From infoi mation fiom the deputy c-leik ofLykens county,
between thieo and four hunched legi^teied voteis do not
appear in the report that weie re<ri>tered in that eountv,
wlisch would make an additional population of about six-
twen bundled.
Monis, Pottawatomie, and Washington counties, only
partial ieturns,and m some of the counties where theieare
six hundred voters, with a population of twenty-five hun-
dred, only fifty to two hundied registered votes returned.
In the live counties above mentioned, there is returned a
population of seventeen hundred and eighteen, and a vote
of six hundred and sixty-lour, in the aggregate being less
than one third of the actual vote orpopulation in said coun-
ties, which if added to the population nowietumed, would
swell the population to the number of ahoutseven thousand.
This calculation is based on the information of poisons liv-
ing in those counties who have examined the census re-
turns and register. The census leturns, as exhibited in the
report of the Governor, show gieat neglect on the part of
tho assessors in many of the townships, and in many of the
most populous counties. Besides the five mentioned above,
only three out of five, or five out of eight of the townships
have been letuined to the executive, bhowm<? conclusively
that a very large population exists in those counties, of
which your committee have not been able to collect any
infoi mation as to the leal number.
Your committee also find no leturns from the counties
of Clay, Dickinson, McGee, Osage, Wilson, and Born, and
the smallest estimate that can be made is one hundred and
fifty votes to each county, making a total vote of nine hun-
dred, with a population of at least thirty-four hundred.
This calculation is not based on tho rapid incicase of pop-
ulation which has been continually pouring into these fer-
tile counties for the last eight months.
The returns, as rcpoitcd by the Governor, show a part nil
and incorrect census as taken in the month of June, 1S59,
since winch time the emigration into Kansas has been un-
piecedented. The whole amount of population, as reported
by the Governor at the regular session, was scventv-onc
thousand seven hundred and seventy; to which, if we add
the calculation as estimated m thetoiegoing counties pai-
tially returned, and from which we have no loturn, the
population, up to the 1st day of July, 1&39, would amount
to about ninety-hcvon thousand five hundred and seventy,
in which is not included a large number of the mod popu-
lous counties, from which theie have been only a pait of
the townships ictuined to the executive. Youi committee
arc of the opinion that it will be veiv difficult to obt.un any
correct census of many of those counties upon the irontier
of thcTenitory, where the officers do not either qualify at
all, and enter upon the discharge of their duties, or mani-
fest such gross indifference and stupidity as not to make a
return in any way to comply with the law. either m taking
oricturmng the census. Manvofthe counties have not
been organized, and therefoie have no otficeis, notwith-
standing they have a huge population, of which j our com-
mittee have not been able to collect any correct data.
Your committee are ot the opinion that theiapid increase
of wealth and population m this Territory, and the manifest
doiro ol all elapse-; of our pro-peious and eneigetic citi-
zens, demand that some legislation be had relative to the
taking ot the tutuie census aud othei valuable statistics of
thn Teiritory.
Your committee have, with some care and kiboi, prepared
a bill and tabuLu loiin. winch the) believe will meet the de-
mands oi the cum* at tin-, time, and <iMc leave to submit the
same with this repent, and livoimnend its pasture.
P. P. KLDEH, Chmt man,
r. M. CHRISTISON,
J. 0. LA?tlJJDIiV.
Mr. JOHN GOCHHANE. What committee
reported that?
Mr. PARROTT. The Committee on Elections
of the Legislature of Kansas, and it is signed by
Messrs. Elder, Lambdin, and Christison; the last
named is a Democrat.
For the purpose of testing the accuracy of that
calculation, allow me to call the attention of those
who are listening to this part of my argument, to
a comparison of what the committee repot ted, and
some leturns which I myself have taken the pains
to procure. 1'Vir example, thoy say:
" Your committee find that Doniphan county lias returned
from four townships cloven hundred and eleven ie istcred
votes and a population ofthiity-livc hundred and lime; and
fiom lcitable information befoie the coinmiUec.tlle reuisleis
of that county now *how a registered vote of over eighteen
hundred, which would make an additional population of
about three thousand.1'
I hold in my hand tho returns from the county
clerk of Doniphan county, sworn to and certified
by a notary public, in which the aggregate pop-
ulation of that county, as returned to him officially,
is put at seven thousand nine hundred and sixty-
three, making, ns you will see bycomparingitwith
the statements of tho committee, a large excess in
favor of the official and reliable statement procured
from the clerk, under oath.
The same thins: is true in regard to Atchison
county. There are at least one thousand more
people in that county than are repoited by this
Committee on Elections. There are three thou-
sand mote people 111 my own county—the county
of Leavenworth—than arc allowed in that report.
Taking these statements all together, and this
census, as it is completed in this report—which is
a quasi-official census, because the supplementary
returns are compleled by the Legislature, or under
then-sanction—we find a population of over ninety-
seven thousand people. I clo not doubt, in reality,
that it is one hundred thousand.
Mr. BARKSDALE. The gentleman says.lhis
census was ordered by the people. I desire to
know if the gentleman means that the Territorial
Legislature ordered it ?
Mr. PARROTT. That is what I mean. So
much, then, for the census; so much for the regis-
tered vote, and so much for the votes actually
polled in three general elections in the Territory.
Now, when Oregon was before the House for ad-
mission, Mr. Stephens, ofGeorgia, then the leader
of that side of the House, and particularly upon
that question, placed great emphasis upon the fact
that the taxable property of Oregon furnished suf-
ficient data upon which to compute tho popula-
tion of that Territory. And I say now that the
§15,000,000 property listed by the assessors, and
reported to the Legislature by the auditor of tho
Territory, would give that Territoiy over one
hundred and fifty thousand population, if com-
puted upon tho basis of the State of Ohio, for ex-
ample.
I do not claim infallibility for any such test,
because I remember that Mr. Stephens got about
two hundred and fifty thousand people in Oregon
by that calculation, while nobody believes that
fifty thousand were there. But as that has been
made one of the bases of calculation in ascertain-
ing the population of a Territory, it is no more
than just aud fair that it should be submitted to
the House upon this occasion. Now one word
to the other class of objectors, to wit: those who
stick for a legal census by the Federal authorities,
i Why did you not take the census according to the
' law' Not only have you failed to do so; but more,
you expressly declined to do so, by defeating at)
appropriation last year in the Senate which you
had the power to carry. It seems to mc you stul-
tify yourselves; " no one can take advantage of
his own wrong." This is a waiver of the point.
Otherwise you might make our exclusion perpet-
ual, 01- at least dependent on your will, by refus-
ing to take a census from time to time. We show
the population; to count them was your business,
not ours. Moreover, I desire to observe in this
place, as conclusive of the " animus" of the Ad-
ministration or Lecompton party, that the United
, States marshal of Kansas applied last summer to
j the Secretary of the Interior for permission to take
the census, proposing to wail for his pay tdl Con-
gress should make an appropriation for that pur-
pose. The offer was declined; much, 1 think, to
the advantage of the marshal.
Now, Mr. Speaker, allow me to say a word in
regard to another ground of objection, and that
is m respect to the Indians, which so trouble 'the
gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Clark.] It seems
to mc to be a sufficient and complete answer to
all that has been said m" respect to these Indian
reservations, that if the rights of the Indians do
rest upon a treaty stipulation, then the State con-
stitution, as to that treaty, is inoperative and void.
A treaty stipulation is well known to be a higher
law than a State constitution, and hence, pro ianto,
to the extent that they conflict, the treaty stipu-
lation will bear down the State constitution, and
this reserve will stand. It appears to be the object
of the gentleman from Missouri and his party,
having failed to crush out the white man in Kan-
j sas by thrusting the black bondman upon him,
| now to strike another blow by putting the red mail
j ill the path of his future progress. This new-born
t sympathy comes from a suspicious quarter, and
! at a suspicious time, and I must be allowed to say
; that I believe it to be manufactured for the occa-
! sion. What arc the facts? The facts are, that the
| Cherokee nation always repudiated the posses-
] sion of this strip of neutral laud. I spoke the
I other day with the chief of that semi-civilized
; nation, and he said that the treaty of lc3o was
known among his people as " lac s'luuw heuhj;"
that it was biought about by the imbecility or
! intoxication of the headmen of ttie nation: that
I this strip of land was imposed upon them in lieu
of §.">00,000, which the Government had stipulated
and agreed to pay. Now they are here, and tor
'what "purpose; To complain that we have ex-
tended our boundaries over the neutral land, and
1 to complain of a violation of treaty stipulation?
! Not at all. They are here to complain that the
Government will insist upon their having that
piece of land, which they did not want and never
! did own. They are soliciting the President to
I open negotiations, looking to a retrocession of
