636
THE CONGRESSIONAL'GLOBE.
January 31,
my vote, cast for Mr. Pennington, would put
an end to this contest and elect a Speaker—-and
the time may not be remote when these restrictions
may be removed, and I may honorably resume
the position which I occupied previous to Friday
—I may then cast my vote for Mr. Pennington,
[applause from the Republican side,] if there be
no' candidate before the House more acceptable
to me.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I do not wish
to engage in a personal controversy with the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Briggs.] I have
not the pleasure of that gentleman's acquaintance;
and he certainly, sir, has no right to impugn my
motives in changing my vote, as I did with my
colleagues on Friday, without knowing the ground
of that change. I changed my vote for a high
and honorable reason. It was done upon the
ground of fidelity to the interests of my constitu-
ents; which interests I never will desert, despite all
the clamor and misrepresentation directed against
me. After having cast the vote, as I did, for Mr.
Smith, of Worth Carolina,and after having heard,
from the other side of the House, statements that
seemed to put Mr. Smith in an equivocal posi-
tion in reference to the American party, of which
ho was once a party candidate, I thought it abso-
lutely necessary for me to make myself sure be-
yond a doubt of that gentleman's position upon
the subject of industrial protection. I accord-
ingly called upon that gentleman lit his seat in the
House, and asked him: "Sir, how will you con-
stitute the Committee of Ways aiul Means?"
[Laughter upon the Democratic side ofthe House.]
A portion of that side of the House is indulgent
only to themselves, having lost the manly feeling
of forbearance to their peers upon this floor.
These jeers do not disturb my equanimity. I
asked that gentleman, [Mr. Smith,] "Will you
organize the Committee of Ways and Means in
such a manner as to protect the interests of Penn-
sylvania?" I did not mean the interests of Penn-
sylvania exclusively, but as blended with all the
other great industrial interests of the country.
That gentleman could give me 110 firm and posi-
tive and satisfactory declaration upon the subject.
fCni's of " Grood !'*aiid " Ilight!" upon the Dem-
ocratic side.]
It may be right in the estimation of gentlemen
who are" favorable to free trade, 1 know; but it is
not right in my estimation, or m the estimation
of the Pennsylvania delegation, charged, as they
are, with the guardianship of practical questions
of vital moment to capital and labor. After having
received from Mr. Smith the assurance that he
could give 110 positive information upon the sub-
ject, I said to my colleague, Mr. Wood, in the
first instance, and afterwards to others, that it was
time to sound the bugle of retreat, beeatise we
were misled. [Cries of "That, is it!" " That is
it!" upon the Republican side.] And, as a Rep-
resentative of Pennsylvania—[rues of " Order!"
" Order!" on the Democratic side.] As a Rep-
resentative of Pennsylvania, 1 shall sffind by the
interests of the State which I have the honor in
part to lepresent, and refuse to identify myself
with any man or any party that will not uphold
thorn. We have been deceived too dften to per-
mit us to cooperate with any political combina-
tion, from which we have not distinct and un-
equivocal pledges on this subject. Ifsuch a motive
of action is infamous in the opinion of the mem-
ber from New York, then he and 1 have, different
views of the obligation of a Representative to his
constituents. His epithet of infamous has no
foundation for its application, and it recoils upon
himself. He is welcome to all the glory be can
gain by this baseless assault upon honorable men.
Mr. RIGGS. I wish to say a few words. I
cast my vote formy colleague, Mr. Pennington*,
believing that he would fill that chair with honor to
himself and advantage to the country. 1 know of
no man, aside from his peculiar political princi-
ples, better fitted to preside in that chair. I aban-
doned my own candidate to vote for liini, believ-
ing that patriotic duty demanded an organization
of this House.
My position is well understood upon this floor.
I am a popular-sovereignty man. I was elected
upon that distinct principle: and supposing my
vote would elect my colleague, I waived the fact
that he is m favor of the Wilmot proviso and of
slavery restriction, I could not vote for the gen-
tleman upon theother side ofthe House, who is
in favor of congressional intervention for the ex-
tension of slavery.
I cast my vote for Mr. Pennington, believing
that it would elect him; and therefore to put my-
self right upon the record, I -withdraw my vote
for him and cast it for Mr. McClernand, of Illi-
nois.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I want to say just
a word.
Mr. COBB. Oh! no, Governor.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. If the gentleman
from New Jersey, who has just taken his seat,
will give me his attention for one moment, I should
like to inquire of him, whether the statement
which I understood him to make when upon the
floor, namely: that the gentleman from North Car-
olina, [Mr. Smith,] for whom I have cast my vote,
is in favor of the extension of slavery by means
of congressional legislation, was or was not au-
thoritative ? If it was, I shall withdraw my vote.
[Cries of "No, he is not!" from the Democratic
side.] But, otherwise, my vote shall stand.
Mr. ItlGGS. I have no knowledge whatever
of that gentleman's opinion. It is a mere sus-
picion of mine. I say this in response to the
gentleman from New York.
The result of the ballot was then announced as
above recorded.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
Mr. CONKLlNG. I demand the yeas and
nays upon that motion.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I wish to say to
gentlemen upon the other side that wc have now
had three ballots to-day—the ordinary number of
ballots for a day; and I inform gentlemen upon
that side that we will not consent that another
ballot shall be taken this day. We will take the
responsibility of preventing it.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I ask the
gentleman from Now York [Mr. Conkling] to
withdraw the demand for the yeas and nays. iOn
the appeal of the gentleman from "Virginia, [Mr.
Clemens,] Ihe courtesy of an adjournment was
extended to our side on Friday.
Mr. STANTON. I think it proper that the
House should adjourn.
Mr. GROW. The House adjourned under the
same circumstances last Friday.
Mr. CONKLING. I withdraw the call for the
yeas and nays.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
And thereupon (at four o'clock and twenty
minutes, p. in.) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 31, 1860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Commissioner of Patents, made
in obedience to law, showing the operations of
that office during the year 1859; which was or-
dered to lie on the table; and a motion by Mr.
Fitzpatrick to print the report, was referred to
the Committee on Printing.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Commissioner of Patents, communicating the re-
sults of meteorological observations made under
the direction of that office and the Smithsonian
Institution; which was ordered to lie on the table;
and a motion by Mr. Fitzpatrick to print the
report, was referred to the Committee on Print-
ing.
ISLAND OF SAN JUAN.
Mr. LANE. 1 move to take from the table
the correspondence of General Scott and General
Harney, presented yesterday, in order that it may
be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. LANE. I now move that the correspond-
ence be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion will
go to the Committee on Printing.
PETITIONS.
Mr. HAUN presented the petition ofA.W.
Von Schmidt and others, now, or lately, deputy
surveyors in California, praying to be allowed
the percentage deducted in the settlement of their
accounts; which was referred to the Committee
on Claims.
Mr. COLLAMER presented the memorial of
Nancy Stout, widow of Joseph Stout, a soldier
in the war of the Revolution, praying to be al-
io wed a pension; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, presented a pe-
tition of citizens of New York, praying Congress
to pass a law to prevent all further traffic in and
monopoly of the public lands, and that they may
be laid out in lots and farms of limited size for
the free and exclusive use of actual settlers; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BROWN. I have been requested to' pre-
sent the petition of R. R. Collier, of Virginia,
praying that the legislation of Congress may be
so directed that no Territory be allowed to ex-
clude slavery, even in the act of coming into the
Union as a State. I cannot say that I precisely
agree with Mr. Collier, extreme as I am supposed
to be in my views; still, as I understand ho is*a
gentleman of high character, and certainly writes
a very good paper, I present his memorial, and,
at his request, ask to have it referred to the Com-1
mittee on Territories.
It was so referred.
Mr. RICE presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Minnesota in favor of the enactment of
a homestead bill; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. MALLORY presented a communication
from tiie master workmen of the navy-yard at
Brooklyn, New York, in relation to their pay;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. SEBASTIAN presented the petition of
Samuel J. Hensley, praying compensation for
supplies furnished to Indians on the Government
reserve in California, under contract with the
Indian commissioners; which was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
He also presented a letter of J. M. Hogc, in
relation to his system of communication by cypher
in writing or by telegraph; which was referred to
the Committee oil Military Affairs and Militia.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. SIMMONS, it was
■ Ordered, That the memorial of George T. Dmham, pray-
ing compensation for services as clerk in the Indian bureau,
j on the tiles ot'tlie Senate, be reteued to the Committee on
Claims.
On motion of Mr. SLIDELL, it was
Ordered, That the petition of the liens of Jean Antoine
Bernard Dauterive, pinymg to be confirmed in their title to
certain land in Louisiana, on the files of the Senate, bo
refeircd to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
On motion of Mr. SLIDELL, it was
Ordered, That the petition of the heirs and legal repre-
sentatives of 1 ,nui-. Peheini, praying the continuation of
their title toeeitain landsm ttie State ot Louisiana, claimed
undei a Fiencll giant, on the files ofthe Senate, he referred
to the Committee on Piiv.ue Land Claims.
On motion of Mr. SLIDELL, it was
Ordered. That the memorial of the city of New Orleans,
praying Oon«iess to lelmquish to that city the interest of
the'United States in certain lands bequeathed to the cities
of New Orleans and Philadelphia toy the late Stephen
Girard, on the files of the Senate, be referred to tlie Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims.
REPORTS 0E COMMITTEES.
Mr. FOOT, from the Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred the petition of Eli W. Goff,
praying compensation for property rescued from
him while inspector of customs for the district of
Vermont, reported a bill (S. No. 113) for the relief
of Eli W. Goff; which was read and passed to a
second reading.
Mr. IVERSON, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the memorials of Alexan-
der J. Atocha and others, reported a bill-(S. No.
112) to further carry out the provisions of the
fifteenth section of the treaty between the United
States and Mexico, concluded oil the 2d day of
February, 1848; which was read, and passed to
a second reading.
Mr. FITCH, from the Committee on Printing,
to whom was referred the motion to print the
message ot the President of the United States,
communicating information in relation to heating
and ventilating the Capitol extension, &c., re-
ported in favor of printing the usual nutnbef; and
the report was agreed to.
MILITARY COMMUNICATIONS IN CYPHER.
Mr. SEBASTIAN submitted the following res-
