1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE*
Slave-master shows much of the same character.
INo New Zealander exults m his tattoo, no savage
of the Northwest coast exults in his flat head,
more than the Slave-master in these latter days—
and always, of course, with honorable exceptions
—exults in his unfortunate condition. The Slave-
master hugs his disgusting practice as the Carib
of the Gulf hugged Cannibalism, and as Brigham
Young now hugs Polygamy. The delusion of the
" Goitre " is repeated. This prodigious swelling
of the neck, constituting "a hideous wallet of
flesh" pendulous upon the breast, is common to
the population on the slopes of the Alps; but, ac-
customed to this deformity, the sufferer comes to
regard it with pride, as Slave-masters with us
regard Slavery, and it is said that those who have
no swelling are laughed at and called "goose-
necked."
With knowledge come distrust and the modest
consciousness of imperfection; but the pride of
Barbarism has no such limitations. It dilates in
the thin air of ignorance, and makes boasts.
Surely, if these illustrations are not entirely in-
applicable, then must we find in the boasts of
Slave-masters new occasion to regret the influ-
ence of Slavery.
It is this same influence which renders Slave-
masters insensible to those characters which are
among the true glories of the Republic; which
makes them forget that Jefferson, who wrote the
Declaration of Independence, and Washington,
who commanded its armies, were Abolitionists;
which renders them insensible to the inspiring
words of the one, and to the commanding example
of the other. Of these great men, it is the praise,
well deserving perpetual mention, and only
grudged by a malign influence, that reared amidst
Slavery, they did not hesitate to condemn it. To
the present debate, Jefferson, in repeated utter-
ances, alive with the fire of genius and truth, has
contributed the most important testimony for
Freedom ever pronounccd in this hemisphere, in
words equal to the cause, and Washington, often
quoted as a Slave-master, in the solemn disposi-
tions of his last Will and Testament, has con-
tributed an example which is beyond even the
words of Jefferson. Do not, sir, call him a Slave-
master, who entered into the presence of his
Maker only as the Emancipator of his slaves.
The difference between such men and the Slave-
masters whom I expose to-day is so precise that
itcannotbo mistaken. The first looked dotcnupon
Slaverj'; ihe second lookup to Slavery. The first,
recognizing ns wrong, were at once liberated
from its pernicious influences, while the latter,
upholding it as right and "ennobling," must
naturally draw from it motives of conduct. The
first, conscious of the character of Slavery, were
not misled by it; the second, dweliingSn uncon-
sciousness of its true character, surrender blindly
to its barbarous tendencies, and, verifying the
words of the poet,
 v< So peifect is their misery,
Notour; peii'Oivp their tonl disfigurement,
Bur boast themselves more comely than before."
Mr. President, it is time to close this branch of
the argument. The Barbarism of Slavery has
been now exposed, first, in the Law of Slavery,
with its five pretensions, founded on the asser-
tion of property ih man, the denial of the conjugal
relation, the infraction of the parental relation, the
exclusion from knowledge, and the robbery of the
fruits of another's labor, all these having the sin-
gle object of compelling mtn to work without ivages,
while its Barbarism was still further attested by
tracing the law in its origin to barbarous Africa;
and secondly, it has been exposed in a careful ex-
amination of the economical results of Slavery,
illustrated by a contrast between the Free States
and the Stave States, sustained by official figures.
From this exposuie of slavery, I proceeded to
consider its influences on Stave-masters; whose
true character stands confessed, first, in the Law
of Slavery which is their work; next, in the rela-
tions between them and their slaves, maintained
by three inhuman instruments: next, in their re-
lations with each other, and with society, and
here we have seen them at heme under the imme-
diate influence of Slavery—also in the communi-
ties of which they are a part—practicing violence,
and pushing it everywhere, in street-fight and
duel*, especially ravins; against all who question
the pretensions of Slavery; entering even into the
Free States; but not in lawless outbreaks only;
also in official acts, as of Georgia and of South
Carolina, with regard to two Massachusetts citi-
zens; and then, ascending in audacity, entering
the Halls of Congress, where they have raged as
at home, against all who set themselves against
their assumptions, while the whole gloomy array
of unquestionable facts has been closed by por-
traying the melancholy unconsciousness which
constitutes one of the distinctive features of this
Barbarism.
Such is myanswer to the assumption of fact in
behalf of Slavery by Senators o* the other side.
But before passing to that other assumption of
constitutional law, which constitutes the second
branch of this discussion, I add testimony to the
influence of Slavery on Slave-masters in other
countries, which is too important to be neglected,
and may properly find a place here.
Among those who have done most to press
forward m Russia that sublime act of emancipa-
tion by which tho present Emperor is winning
luster, not only for his own country, but for our
age, is M. Tourguencff. Originally a Slave-mas-
ter himself, with numerous slaves, and residing
where Slavery prevailed, he saw, with the in-
stincts of a noble character, the essential Barbar-
ism of this relation, and in an elaborate work on
Russia, which is now before me, he exposed it
with rare ability and courage. Thus he speaks
of its influence on Slave-masters:
" But if Slavery degrades the slave, it degrades more the
master. TIhm i* an old adage, and long observations have
proved to me that this adage is not a paradox, in fact, how
can that man respect his own dignity, las own rights, who
has learned not to respect either the rights or the dignity
of his fellow-man? What control can the moral and reli-
gious sentiments have over a man who sees himself in vested
with a power fo eminently contrary to morals and religion?
The continual exercise of an unjust claim, even when it is
moderated, finishes by corrupting the character of the man,
and spoiling ins judgment." * * * * "The
possession of a slave be in!* the result of injustice, the lela-
tion-5 of the master with the ?iave cannot he otherwise than
a succession of injustice-?. Amonggood masters, (and it is
agreed to call ?o tho*c who do not abu<-c their power as
much as they might,) thess relation* are clothed with forms
less repugnant than among others; but here the difference
stops. Who could remain always pure, when, carried away
by hii disposition, excited h> Ins icniper, drawn by caprice,
he can with impunity oppress, in«nlt, humiliate his fellow*.
And, let it be carefully remarked, that intelligence, civil-
ization, do not avail. ~Tne enlightened man, the civilized
man, is none the less a man; that he should not oppress, it
is necessary that it should be impossible forhim to oppress.
Ali men cannot, like Louis XIV, throw their stick from
the window, when they feel adesireto strike."— La Rtisnc
et Let Russes} vol. II, pages t.57-58.
Another authority, unimpeachable at all points,
whose fortune it has been, from extensive travels,
to see Slavery in the most various forms, and
Slave-masters under the most various conditions
—I refer to the great African traveler, Dr. Liv-
ingstone—thus touches the character of Slave-
masters:
" I can never cease to he unfelgnedly thankful that I was
not born in a land of Maves. No one can understand the
unutterable meanness of the slave system on the minds of
tho^e who, but for the strange obliquity which prevents them
from feeling the degradation of not bcim* gentlemen enough
to pay for scrvicei rendered, would he equal in virtue "to
ourselves Fraud becomes a 5 natural to them ( as paying
one's way' is to the rest ol mankind.'5—Livingstone's Trav-
els, chap. 71, p. 33.
Thus does the experience of Slavery in other
countries confirm the sad experience among us.
Second Assumption.—Discarding now all the
presumptuous boasts for Slavery, and bearing in
mind its essential Barbarism, I come to consider
that second assumption of Senators on the other
side, which is, of course, inspired by the first,
even if not its immediate consequence, that, under
the Constitution, Slave-masters may take their
slaves into the national Territories, and there con-
tinue to hold them, as at home in the Slave States;
and that this would be the case in any Territory
newly acquired, by purchase or by war, as of
Mexico on the South, or Canada on the North.
And here I begin by the remark, that as the
assumption of constitutional law is inspired by
the assumption of fact with regard to the " enno-
bling" character of Slavery, so it must lose much
if not all of its force when the latter assumption
is shown to be false, as has been done to-day.
When Slavery is seen to be the Barbarism
which it is, there are few who would not cover
it from sight, rather than insist upon sending it
abroad with the flag of the Republic. It is only
because people have been insensible to its true
character that they have tolerated for a moment
its exorbitant pretensions. Therefore this long
exposition, where Slavery has been made to sts 
forth in its five-fold Barbarism, with the single
object of compelling men to work without wages,
naturally prepares the way to consider the assump-
tion of constitutional law.
This assumption may be described as.an at-
tempt to Africanize the Constitution, by introduc-
ing into it the barbarous Law of Slavery, derived
as we have seen originally from barbarous Africa}
and then, through such Africanization of the Con-
stitution, to Africanize the Territories, and to
Africanize the National Government. In using
this language to express the obvious effect of
this assumption, I borrow a suggestive term,first
employed by a Portuguese writer at the begin-
ning of this century, when protesting against the
spread of Slavery in Brazil. (See Koster's Trav-
els in Brazil, vol. li, p. 248.) Analyse the assump-
tion, and it will be found to stand on two preten-
sions, either of which failing, the assumption fails
also. These two arc—first, the African pretension
of propcrtyin man; and, secondly, the pretension
that such property is recognized in the Constito1-
tion. «
With regard to the first of these pretensions, I
might simply refer to what I have already said '
at an earlier stage of this argument. But I should
do injustice to the part it has been made to jplay
in this controversy, if I did not again expose it.
Then I sought particularly to show its Barbarism; .
now I shall show something more.
Property implies an owner and,a thing owned.
On the one side is a human being, a-na on'the
other side a thing. But the very idea of a human
being necessarily excludes the idea of property
in that being, just as the very idea of a thing ne-
cessarily excludes the idea of a human being. It
is clear that a thing cannot be a human being,
and it is equally clear that a human being cannot
be a thing. And the law itself, when it adopts
the phase, " relation of master and slave," con-
fesses its reluctance to sanction the claim of prop-
erty. Itshrinks from the pretension of Senators,
and satisfies itself with a formula, which does not
openly degrade human nature.
If this property does exist, out of what title is
it derived? under what ordinance of Nature or
of Nature's God is one human being stamped an
owner and another stamped a thing ? Goa is no
respecter of persons. "VVhero is the sanction for
this respect of certain persons to a degree which
becomes outrage to other persons? God is the
Father of the Human Family, and we are all his
children. Where then is the sanction of this pre-
tension by which a brother lays violent hands
upon a brother? To ask these questions is hu-
miliating; but it is clear there can be but one Re-
sponse. There is no sanction for such pretension;
no ordinance for it, or title. On all grounds of
reason, and waiving all questions of " positive"
statute, the Vermont Judge was nobly right,
when, rejecting the claim of a Slave-master, he
said: " No; notuntil you show a Bill of Sale from
the Almighty." Nothing short of this impossi-
ble link in the chain of title would do. I know
something of the great, judgments by which the
jurisprudence of our country has been illustrated;
but 1 doubt if there is anything in the wisdom of
Marshall, the learning of Story, or the complete-
ness of Kent, which will brighten with time like
this honest decree.
The intrinsic feebleness of this pretension is
apparent in the intrinsic feebleness of the argu-
ments by which it is maintained. These are two-
fold, and both have been put forth in recent debate
by the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Davis.]
' The first is the alleged inferiority of the African
race; an argument which, while surrendering to
Slavery a whole race, leaves it uncertain whether
the same principle may not be applied to other
races, as to the polished Japanese, who are now
the guests of the nation, and even to persons of
obvious inferiority in the white race. Indeed, the
latter pretension is openly made in other quarters.
The Richmond Enquirer, a leading journal of
Slave-masters, declares, " The principle of Sla-
very is in itself right, and does not depend on dif-
ference. of complexion." And a leading writer
among Slave-masters, George Fitzhugh, of Vir-
ginia, m his Sociology for the South, declares,
" Slavery, black or white, is right and necessary.
Nature has made the weak in mind or body for
slaves." And in the same vein, a Democratic
paper of South Carolina lias said," Slavery is the
