I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
215
SGtii Coxg....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Parrott.
Ho. of Reps.
this tract. 1 have no doubt that this will, ere
long1, be brought about.
Mr. HINDMAN. As the gentleman has re-
ferred to the attitude held by the Cherokee dele-
gation here, I can speak, from personal knowl-
edge, as to the position they occupy in regard to
that neutral land. They do protest against in-
cluding that territory within the limits of any or-
ganized State or Territory.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Allow me
one question. Did the Indians take possession,
and cue they now inhabiting this land?
Mr. PARROTT. I was going to observe fur-
ther, Mr. Speaker, in respect to the facts of this
cafee, that, instead of the Indians having asserted
any ownership or inhabitancy m that tract known
as the " neutral land," there arc to-day at least
seven hundred white families living on that res-
ervation.
Mr. HINDMAN. Will the gentleman allow
me to state further that these parties are there in
violation of the rights of the Cherokee nation;
and that they have been notified by the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs that they must remove
from the land which they are occupying unlaw-
Mr. PARROTT. That is another question.
The gentleman from Arkansas has not heard of
their going off; and he will not, in my opinion.
Mr. M AYN ARD. I ask whether this bound-
ary does not include other Indian lands besides
these neutral lands?
Mr. PARROTT. No, sir.
Mr. MAYNARD. I am informed very differ-
ently.
Mr. PARROTT. Tt dons not. And moreover,
the setting off this tract of land to the Cherokces
was itself a violation of the treaty (I hope the
gentleman from Missouri will pay attention to
what I am saying) which provided that the ter-
ritory to be given to the Chorokecs should be a
compact territory; whereas,there is another piece
of territory extending between the Cherokee neu-
tral lands and the great body of their possession
—I mean the Clua-pau reservation.
Mr. PHELPS. The tract of eight hundred
thousand acres of land, to which the gentleman
from Kansas refers, is known on the border as the
neutral land. It was set apart, and specifically
designated as a tract ofland containing eight hun-
dred thousand acres. Itis, to a certain extent, de-
tached; and yet it is connected on the west with
the Cherokee lands.
Mr. PARROTT. Well, I do not care to be
fuither interrupted on this point. I will give the
law and the facts bearing on the point at issue.
Mr. PHELPS. That country is embraced
within the treaty of 1835; and there is an express
stipulation that, of the lands thus assigned to the
Cherokee nation, none shall be embraced within
the limits of any State, or any organized Terri-
tory.
Mr. PARROTT. Well, you did not think of
that, 1 suppose, when you voted for Lecompton. ;
If ;uiy gentleman wants to answer the observa- 1
tion which I make on this subject, and which I
tlunk- complete, I will yield the floor to him to do
so that is, that if there is a treaty stipulation
which pieserves this land from being surrounded
by State or territorial lands, the State constitution
is, to that extent, inoperative upon it; and with
that suggestion, which I think exhaustive, I leave
the matter.
Mr. HINDMAN. Is not the gentleman from
Kansas aware of the fact, that many years ago
the Cherokee country in Georgia was included
within the limits of that State; and that a ques-
tion arose between the State authorities and the ■
Cherokces, and that, in the end, the Chcrokees
were compelled to emigrate west of the Missis-
sippi river'5 Just precisely such another contro-
versy will arise m Kansas, if she be admitted un-
der the Wyandotte constitution.
Mi. PARROTT. Who expects, Mr. Speaker,
to stop the progress of white people, or to stop the
edins'ision of any Slate, by the obstacle of an In-
d'nn l'-sorvation ? Our manifest destiny'' is to
covei the continent now laying waste with free j
States. The black race and the red race arc fated j
to tad'^ and b«> scattered befoie the advancing I
wlnii',, '' Itke leaves before the autumn blast." 1 '
leave this part of the subject, again repeating, !
however, that this objection does not lie in the
mouths of those who supported the Lecompton
constitution with a similar provision.
I have answered, Mr. Speaker, asrl think fairly
and candidly, the objections raised by my friend
from Missouri. I have shown, I believe, that there
is a sufficient population in the Territory. I
have shown that the people have adopted a con-
stitution which ho one here will question is the
embodiment of their will. It is a fact on which I
congratulate myself and the country, that, after all
the turbulent and revolutionary proceedings that
have taken place in this House and elsewhere in
regard to constitutions, we come here at last with
a constitution on which there is no imputation of
fraud, and no question that it is the choice of the
people. They have, on three, four, or five distinct
occasions—each time, as it seems to me, rising to
a higher pitch of enthusiasm and excitement—de-
clared in favor of the Wyandotte constitution as
their organic law. Now, I ask, is it fair, is it just
and manly, on the part of our Democratic adver-
saries to continue to annoy and vex those against
whom they have expended all the artillery of
legitimate warfare, by attempting to prolong the
controversy, by pleading in our ears these hollow-
sounding, tinklingtechnicalities? Woulditnotbe
more decorous for them to submit to the inevita-
ble chances of the war which they themselves in-
voked ? It will not be pretended that on the fields
of Kansas they have not had a fair opportunity to
try the virtues of southern courage and southern
emigration. If we of the North have surpassed
them in our mobility, and maintained the field
against their arms, let them yield to the conse-
quences. But I do insist on it, that it docs not
seem to me to be manly " to stick in the bark,"
and plead technicalities against those who have,
in honorable warfare, overcome them. I would
suggest to these gentlemen that to defeat may be
sometimes added dishonor, and to weakness con-
tempt.
There is another consideration connected with
jhe admission of this State, which I ought, in all
tustice, to submit to the House; and that arises
out of the inability of the territorial government
to afford protection to the property and persons,
and the political privileges of the people. These
territorial governments, Mr. Speaker, are, in their
best estate, only tolerable, because they are sup-
posed to be unavoidable. I do not mean now to
enter that field of dialectics and speculation, whither
so many have been lured by cross-purposes, in
quest of facts to sustain preconceived opinions.
Among the throng of amateurs and experts who
hasten to theorize and declaim on mooted points
of territorial government, it may not be unwise to
listen for a moment to one who speaks not of
theories, butactualities; notof fancies, butof facts;
"'all of which he saw, and part of which he was."
Now I say, in respect to this Government,fol-
lowing the popular nomenclature of the day, that
it is neither " congressional sovereignty " nor
" popular sovereignty." It is a kind of hybrid,
and 1 should style it a presidential or rxpevtive so -
ercignty. In other words, I assert that the execu-
tive imluonce of the country has pervaded and :
colored the polities of the Territory under tins |
organic act. I know that much is to be attnb- j
uted to the grossest vices of mal-administration in |
the Territory; but, after all, taking the plain, legal :
provisions of the law, which gives the whole ju- i
diciary, the whole executive, and two thirds of j
the legislative power into the hands of Federal ap- ,
pointcesjwho go out like praetors m the provinces
to rob and squeeze the people whom they are sent
to foster and protect—men who are responsible,
not to the people, but to their masters at Wash-
ington—I say that, giving this power into their
hands,you will not find that the popular element ;
can resist its aggressions. It is idle to tel! those I
whose necks are galled and raw, chafing with the i
yoke of despotism, that they arc living in the en- j
joymentof popular sovereignty. It is idle to tell
those who have been robbed of two Legislatures; :
who have lost three years'representation on this '
floor; who have been wasted by unprovoked j
wars: who have been stripped of millions' worth j
of piivatc property, that they are in the exercise !
of any great and desirable species of sovereignty.
Wheiever the puipwu of the Government oY the
United States and the popular will of Kansas have :
come in collision, the people have uniformly been
borne down. Have they not a thousand times,
and in a thousand ways, declared that they were
unfriendly to the institution of slavery? And has
not the Government reasserted and persisted in
declaring that slavery exists there? And does it
not keep it there now, to-day, an empty husk?
If, then, the majority have been controlled by the
minority, or, in other words, if the people have
been borne down by the Government party; if the
policy of the Territory has run counter to public
opinion—that is to say, has been imposed by for-
eign aid—is it not a palpable and ridiculous mis-
nomer, a plain perversion of terms, to call such
a scheme a popular goverment ? To characterize
the territorial government of which I am speak-
ing in plain terms, by the lights of experience, I
should call it a system of Federal police, expand-
ing or contracting its powers to suit the emergency
of the time, and enforcing its arbitrary regulations
by just so much and such kind of cocrcion as the
occasion may demand. It.has been weighed in
the balance and found wanting in every thing
which tends to preserve the peace and order of
society.
I will say, therefore, of this middle species of
sovereignty, so-called popular, that because it is
infected with the virus of executive influence and
dictation, because it is the imposing shibboleth of
party demagogues and not the choice of the well-
wishers of the people, it ought to be condemned
and forever discarded. Let us have one thine1 or
the other. Let us hav&the government of Con-
gress, or a government of the people—and by that
I mean the people electing all their officers m the
Territory; and let those officers be the servants
and not the masters of the people, and respond
directly for their conduct to the people. We have
tried the present plan, and we give our testimony
against it. Our experience reminds me, Mr.
Speaker, of nothing so much as of the barren
honor which SanchoPanza enjoyed in the govern-
ment of his island, which he was glad, with an
empty stomach, to abdicate and return to the
grateful obscurity from which he had emerged.
We would as gladlygiveup the empty pageant of
powerforasubstantial andjustgovernment, either
exerted by Congress or given to the people them-
selves. For myself, I am satisfied and convinced
that the people of the Territory are the just depos-
itary of political power; that they ought to exer-
cise it; and that a government thus established
and power thus exccrcised will comport with
every beneficial end for which governments aie in-
stituted. We have now demonstrated the supe-
rior mobility of the northern people, and their su-
perior energy; and I expect, in avowing my fidel-
ity to this principle, that nothing but free States
will be made all over the unsettled area of the
West.
There is another consideration, Mr. Speaker,
to which I desire to allude very briefly. Theic
are new Territories arising and pressing upon the
borders of Kansas, nnd it is time that Kansas
should be taken out of the way of these new Ter-
ritories. Four or five Delegates are now waiting
at your door to obtain recognition; and it is not
too much to say that the next half century will
show a numerical majority of States west of the
Mississippi river, a large part of which now
lie within the unsettled area stretching from the
falls of the Missouri to the mouth of the Gila—a
region we now know of unsurpassed richness in
every clement of physical strength. There is the
Pike's Peak country—the young Ophir of the
West—Jefferson,already grown too large for the
swaddling-bands and leading-strings of territo-
rial government. It needs nothing to hasten its
incubation. It will be here thundering at your
door as a State next year, and Kansas must be
removed to make way for this and other cominsr
States.
There is another consideration, Mr. Speaker,
I which I must not omit to mention. The com-
i mercc of the plains is now beginning, deservedly,
t to attract the attention of commercial men in
| every part of the world. That commerce, al-
| though yet in its infancy, rivals the commerce of
the sea and the commerce of our western rivers.
| It needs protection against the bauds of nomadic
! savages which sweep over and infest those west-
ern plains, securing a .scanty and piecarious sub-
