. £V5h£.^;
1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
l'65t
tell him it is not in their platform; and they are
only carrying out their general design of picking
up everything they can find lying about loose.
[Laughter.] It never was in their platform; but
to give some character to the party, they have
taken it isp.
Mr. WIG FALL. My reason for saying it was
ill the platform was that the reputed representative
-of the party here stated it as a part of the platform.
My reason for insisting that it is a part of the
platform is, that that side of the Chamber support
tlus measure—that this side of the Chamber do
not. If it is a Democratic measure, a large ma-
jority of the Democratic party happen not to
understand their own principles or their own pol-
icy. As far as I am advised, there are but two
members of the Democratic party who will cer-
tainly support this measure. There is a chance
of three, four, or possibly five supporting it. And
yet the Senator from Tennessee gets up hero and
says it is a Democratic measure. Now, sir, is
not this arrogating somewhat to himself that he
gets up here and announces ex cathedra what is
Democracy and what is not? and because, in 1846,
he introduced a measure in the other House, it is
ipso facto a Democratic measure?
The Senator complains of its being regarded as
a party measure. Why, sir, how could lie expect
it to be otherwise? Is there any great measure
like this, disposing of the public money or the
public lands—the property of the country, giving
away millions and hundreds of millions—that can
be introduced here and not be a party measure?
"What does the Senatorfrom Tennessee understand
by party? I understand that there have been at
all times two gieat parties in this country: one in
favor of a strict construction of the Constitution,
one in favor of exorcising, on the part of the Fed-
eral Government, only those powers that are enu-
merated, or that are both necessary and proper
for carrying out the enumerated powers. X have
understood that there was another party that ig-
nored the Constitution itself and adopted the pre-
amble as a substitute for the Constitution; that,
under the vague terms of " common defense"
and "general welfare," believed,and acted upon
the belief, that anything which was for the de-i
fense and welfare of the inhabitants of the thirty-
three States of the Union, could be done by this
national Government, as they chose to term it.
These are the differences.
Now, the question comes up as to the disposing
of the public domain which belongs to the United
States of America. If it was to dispose of the
public money or other property, the same ques-
tion would arise as to the construction of the Con-
stitution: have we a right to give away the public
land ? Have we a right to give away the public
money ? Have wc a right to give away the other
property belonging to the United States ? A party
that believes this to be a national Government,
and that it has powers as unlimited as the British
Parliament, might come to the conclusion that we
can; but the Democratic party, that believes in,
exercising only those powers that are enumerated
or necessary and proper for carrying out the enu-
merated powers; that repudiates implication and
construction, will come to a very different con-
clusion.
Then I say it is utterly impossible that any
great measure of this sort can be brought up here
without being a party question division, unless it
be true that there is no principle involved in the
organization of the two parties, and that parties
are organized merely to struggle for the spoils,
and that the division between them is not as to
the mode of administering the Government, but
as to who shall administer it. If tho only ques-
tion is who shall administer it, then I shall admit
that this is improperly a party question; but if it
be, how it shall be administered? and we are in
favor of a strict construction of the Constitution,
and the opposite party are in favor of a latitudin-
ous construction of the Constitution, I cannot for
the life of me understand how this cannot be a_
party question. The Senator complains that if
the Lord's prayer was introduced here it would
be objected to by somebody. I have no doubt
about it; and I have no doubt the objection would
come from the other side of the Chamber, and
with a degree of good sound sense and discretion
that does not usually characterize them. " For-
give us our trespasses as we forgive those who
trespass against us," is a prayer they cannot
pray. They do not only not forgive those who
have trespassed against them, but they are unre-
lenting against those who have never injured
them. They or their ancestors—and they are all
the time talking about "the fathers"—brought to
us and sold to us, for the love of gold, the very
negroes that they are now stealing from us for
the love of God. He says that if the ten com-
mandments wpre introduced there would be ob-
jection. I have no doubt there would be, because
one of the commandments is that you shall
not covet your neighbor's wife, nor his ox, nor
his ass, nor his slave, nor anything that is his;
and to that they would object. Grant that the
Lord's prayer and ten commandments could not
be introduced here as a bill, or resolution, or
motion, without being objected to 011 that side of
the Chamber: is that any reason why we shall
forget our principles and vote for a homestead
bill? What if this, or a similar bill, did originate
in Tennessee? Am I therefore to abandon my
principles and leave the Democratic party and
turn Federalist, or Whig, or Republican, and vote
for it. Such are not the principles of the school
in which I was taught.
I must remove a little more of the brush before
I get to the question. The Senator goes on, and
makes an attack upon education generally. Ho
says that men want to appear literary; that the
Gracchi have been talked about; and the French
revolution, and red republicanism. Well, sir,
it may be that education is a disadvantage. If
one sets up to practice law, one of the people—
there is an eminent amount of good sense among
tlte people—would require, before he would intrust
his life, his liberty, or his property, in the charge
of that man, to know where he had studied his
profession; where he had gone to school; where
his mind had been trained; whether he had read
the books; whether he was well grounded in the ele-
ments of the science that he pretended to practice.
So as to medicine; so as to all the avocations of
life, be it shoemaking or tailoring, or any other
trade or profession or calling in life. The people
require that a man should be well-grounded before
he attempts to exercise any trade or profession.
So deeply is the public mind imbued with this
impression, that vocations have become profes-
sions, which, in the better days of the Republic,
were not considered professions. For instance:
we have professors of chirography; we have pro-
fessors of dancing; masters of steamboats and of
coasting schooners are now called captains. In
politics alone, it is not so. Oh, no; you must
not read Greek or Latin, or have read Geek or
Latin history; you must know nothing about the
French revolution; you must know nothing about
Magna Charta; you must know nothing about
the Petition of Rights; you must know nothing
about the Bill of Rights; you must know nothing
of the origin of jury trials, and of the writ of habeas
corpus. If you do, you are an aristocrat, and
ought not to sit in an American Senate ! These
things are all very improper. You must not have
read the history of the French revolution.
A very wise man once said that history was
philosophy teaching by example; but of course
he was not a democrat; he was an aristocrat.
Why, sir, any young man who grows up, and
has the advantage of associating with an old man
who has been successful m life, feels at once that
he has a great ad van tage over his fellows. He
has the advantage of the matured judgment of
his friend. History being philosophy teaching
by example, the man who has read history and
pondered it, who has marked, learned, and
inwardly digested it, and then comes to the admin-
istration of the affairs of his own country, has the
advantage of having associated with, conferred
with, talked with, taken the advice of all the wise
men of ages thatarepast andgone. Heknowstheir
theories, and he has seen those theories worked
out to their consummation, either for good or for
evil. Hence it is that 110 man ought to enter the
profession of politics unless he has studied his-
tory, and knows how it is and why is it that
other nations have risen to greatness, have cul-
minated, and have fallen. But the Senator from
Tennessee thinks a man ought not to know any-
thing about history; and if a man talks about the
Gracchi, or the Red Republicans, or the French
revolution,he atonceis ignored,and is no demo-
crat. This may all be very well, but it happens
not to be in my philosophy that way. I have
thought that, in discussing the affairs of our Gov-
ernment, if we knew die condition of other nations
and tho results of the experiments that have
been made m other Governments, it might be well
to judge of the future by the past.: " '
The Senator chooses to make a fling at-Mr
Calhoun. Well, 1 might have expected tliatfrtim
the otherside, but not from a southern man. Had
one of the Senators from South Carolina obtained
the floor, I havG no doubthe would have answered
on this point more happily than I can hope to do.
But, sir, when I hear John C. Calhoun talked of
as a " politician" by the Senatorfrom Tennessee,
as a man who has no claims to be considered a
statesman, as the founder of a sect, as a man who
could not be the head of a party, I recall to mind
that within the last ten or twelve or fifteen years,
upon this very question that wc are discussing
now, the question as to the power of this Gov-
ernment over the Territories came up, and the
greatest of then living orators, Mr. Clay, rose,
not in this room, but in the old Senate Chamber,
and asked if it were possible that Mr. Calhoun
denied that the Federal Government had the right
to abolish slavery in the Territories—for it was
then a new question—and he answered that he did;
and there was no other Senator that responded;
and I remember, too, the debate which grew up
upon that proposition; and when the power was
asserted that the inhabitants of the Territories had
the right, if the Government had not, and that he
exposed its fallacy and trampled it under his foot;
and how, from that time to this, the statesmen of
the country have repudiated both the squatter
sovereignty doctrine and that of the Wilmot pro-
viso; and when I remember that the Supreme
Court of the United States, which, from its organ-
ization down to some two or three years ago,nad
decided against the rights of the States upon every
single question that had been propounded to it,
and had belonged to one party, as Judge Jj^nning,
in the Georgia Paddleford case said, while the peo-
ple belong to the other, have placed upon its rec-
ords an enduring monument of the wisdom of
Calhoun by incorporating almost his very lan-
guage in their opinions, and fortifying their de-
cisions by his argument.
After all this, a Senator rises here and says that
Calhoun was not a statesman, but a politician; that
he was not fit to be the head of a party, but merely
of a sect; and then makes a fling at him, and says
that Mr. Calhoun did not want to be President.
Great God, sir! what was the Presidency to a man
like him ? What was the Presidency to John C.
Calhoun ? The Presidency!
He it was who crushed the life out of the Amer-
ican system, by breaking down the tariff and in-
ternal improvements, and thus brought back the
Government to its constitutional sphere of action;
he resurrected and established again the principles
of 1798 and 1799; and the man who did all these
things, and sacrificed himself in doing so—to talk
of him as a politician and a man who wanted the
Presidency! There is no man within the sound
of my voice who does not know that the Presidency
was in the palm of his hand, and he had but to
close it. In 1830, if he had taken sides for nation-
alism againstState-rights, the Presidency was his.
He chose to refuse it.
,• I have read history somewhat; not as much, I
regret to say, as I ought. There is one character
of whom far too little has been said by historians
and orators, that has struck me as one who ex-
hibited more boldness, patriotism, and self-devo-
tion, than almost any man that ever lived. I
allude to the great man, Arnold Winkelried. He
was a Swiss. The Austrian® had attempted to
oppress his country. He had fought them upon
every acre and inch of ground. From one mount-
ain gorge to another he had been driven, until he
stood in the last gap in which liberty could be de-
fended; and there, finding that the cause of his
country was gone, or that he must sacrifice him-
self, he determined to offer his life on the altar of
patriotism and his country. What he then did
has been most beautifully described. It is long
since I have repeated it, and I am not sure thatX
can now:
" He, of bnttte martyrs chief,
Who to recall his daunted peers,
For victory shaped an open space
By gathering with a wide embrace
Into his single breast, a sheaf
Of fatal Austrian spears."
Springing out from the ranics, and grasping the
