1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
637
olution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs and
Militia be instructed to inquire into the expediency of se-
curing the exclusive use and benefit of a system of com-
munication by cypher, in writing or by telegraph^between
officers of the Government, and to report upon any schemes
or plans, submitted for that purpose, by bill or otherwise.
PRINTING OF DOCUMENTS.
Mr. FITCH, from the Committee on Printing,
reported the following resolutions: -
Resolved, That there be printed, for the use of the Sen-
ate, in addition to the usual number, fifteen thousand copies
of the annual message of the President of the United States,
with the reports proper of the heads of Departments and
chiefs of Bureaus, communicated therewith, omitting the
statistical matter accompanying said reports.
Resolved, further, That there be printed in addition .two
thousand copies of the report of the Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs, for the use of his office ; one thousand addi-
tional copies of the report of the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office, for the use of his office; five hundred
copies of the report of the Commissioner of Pensions, for
the use of his office ; five hundred copies of the report of
the Commissioner of Public Buildings, for the use of that
officer; five hundred copies of the report of the officers in
chaige of the Government Hospital for the Insane, for their
use ; five hundred copies of the reports of the officers m
charge of the Penitentiary for the District of Columbia,
for their use; five hundred copies of the report of the Pres-
ident of the Columbian Institution for the instruction of the
Deaf and Dumb and the Blind; and five hundred copies
of the report of the engineer in charge of the finished portion
of the Potomac Water Works, for their use, respectively.
And in order that the views of the Secretary of the In-
terior upon the various subjects may be the more fully un-
derstood : it is further
Resolved, That s.o much of his late annual report be
printed therewith as relates to the same subject.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to inquire of the
chairman of the Committee on Printing, whether
last year, in printing the President's message and
the reports of the heads of Departments, wo in-
cluded in the same volume the reports of the
chiefs of bureaus.
Mr. FITCH. My understanding is that they
were included. It was the intention of the com-
mittee to embrace the reports of the heads of De-
partments and chiefs of bureaus, without the ac-
companying maps and statistics, which swell the
documents generally to some three or four vol-
umes.
Mr. COLLAMER. It made but n single vol-
ume last year of moderate size; but I think it did
not contain the reports of the heads of bureaus.
Mr. FITCH. I have not perused the volume.
Mr. COLLAMER. My wish is to confine the
printing to such a compilation as we had last
year.
Mr. FITCH. Certainly; that was the inten-
tion of the committee; and the supposition, at
least on my part, was, that the reports of the
heads of bureaus were included; and that is the
present intention. There was undoubtedly very
much matter which might be deemed to the gen-
eral reader extraneous, and therefore it was
stricken out last year. The maps were omitted,
and all the statistics were omitted; and such is
th'e intention now. The message, with all the
figures, maps, &c., accompanying it, makes some
four volumes. We propose to condense it, for
general information, into one of respectable size;
but we have provided for printing the usual num-
ber of the full work; and I am about to ask for
some extra copies of the full work for the heads
of Departments. Here is the resolution of last ses-
sion. I will read it to the Senate:
" Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the Sen-
ate ton thousand copies of the message of the Piesident of
the United States, with the reports proper of the heads of
Departments, and chiefs of bureaus, connected therewith,
omitting the statistical matter accompanying said reports."
And that, I believe, is the phraseology of the
present resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection to the present consideration of the
report. Will the Senate vote on the various prop-
ositions in the report together ? The Chair hears
no objection to that course.
The resolutions, as reported, were agreed to.
Mr. FITCH subsequently said: I wish to call
the attention of the Senator from Vermont to an
error into which he has fallen in relation to the
synopsis of the President's message and docu-
ments published by order of the Committee 011
Printing at the last session. It does contain the
reports of all thG chiefs of bureaus. The only
defect I perceive in the volume is the want of a
sufficient index. The reports of all the Depart-
ments and of all the bureaus are here, omitting
only the statistical matter. The Senator will find
it in the volume before him. It is not fully in-
dexed, however, and they appear under the head
of the reports of'the Departments proper, and
have to be looked for with some little care. Per-
haps the error of the Senator from Vermont was
occasioned by the index. I merely call his atten-
tion to this because his remarks, and my own as-
sent that such might be the case, were, perhaps,
calculated to do injustice to the Superintendent of
Public Printing, under whose charge that volume
was prepared.
Mr. COLLAMER. -I merely wanted to know
if the object was to produce a similar book to
that.
Mr. FITCH. Yes, sir.
Mr. COLLAMER. I am satisfied with that.
Mr. FITCH. I am further instructed by the
Committee on Printing to offer the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the heads
of Departments six hundred additional copies of the annual
message of the President of the United Stales, with the ac-
companying statistics and maps, namely: two hundred for
the use of the Interior Department; two hundred for the
use of the State Department; one hundred for the use of
the Treasury Department; and one hundred for the use of
the Navy Department.
Wo have named these four Departments be-
cause they are only Departments who have
responded to the request of the committee to notify
them how many numbers they would require for
their several use. The estimate of the cost of the
work now asked and of the work asked for in the
previous resolution justadopted,accompanies this
resolution.
The resolution was agreed to.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask the Senate to excuse me
from further service on the Committee on Private
Land Claims.
Mr. PEARCE. I really think that some rea-
son ought to be assigned for this request. I am
very reluctant to refuse my consent to relieving a
gentleman who is desirous of being relieved from
duty on a committee; but there has been a great
deal of this during the present session; and the
result of it will be to throw the entire labor on a
few gentlemen in the Senate, after a while. I
hope the Senator has not such a motive as makes
it necessary for him to leave the committee. If
he has, and will disclose it, I, of course, shall vote
to cxcuse him.
Mr. GRIMES. I had supposed that the same
courtesy would be extended to me that has been,
accorded to other members of the Senate, who
have been excused from serving on committees
without assigning a reason; but, if I must make
the humiliating confession, it is that I am utterly,
incompetent to discharge the duties appertain-
ing to that committee. All the matters brought
before the committee originate under French
and Spanish concessions made to land within the
original Territories of Louisiana and Florida. A
man serving on that committee ought to be familiar
with both the French and Spanish languages, of
which I know nothing. I know nothing of the
civil law under which they originated, and the
whole thing is utterly incomprehensible to me. I
therefore ask to be excused, and that some Sen-
ator maybe assigned to the duty of that position
who knows something more about the position
and the duties that are incumbent on one who oc-
cupies it, than I do.
The motion to excuse the Senator was agreed to.
INVASION OF STATES.
Mr. MASON. If there is nothing immediately
before the Senate, I propose to call up the special
order in advance of the regular hour, on which my
colleague has the floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is within five
minutes of the time; and if there be no further
business proposed, the Chair will call it up, if
there be no objection.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
following resolution, submitted by Mr. Douglas
on the 16th instant:
" Resolved, Tiiat the Committee on the Judiciary bo in-
structed to report a bill for the protection of each State and
Territory of the Union against invasion by the authorities
or.inhabitants of any other State or Territory, and for the
suppression and punishment of conspiracies or combina-
tions in any State or Territory, with intent to invade, as-
sail, or molest the government, inhabitants, property, or
institutions of any other State or Territory of the Union,
Mr. HUNTER addressed the Senate. [His
speech will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. GREEN. I understand that there are
other Senators who desire to speak on this same
question, but do not wish to do so to-day. I move
that the resolution lie on the table; it can be taken
up by a vote at any time.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr GREEN, the Senate then
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 31, 1860.
The House met at twelve o'clock, M. Prayer
by Rev. D. Ball.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
THE SPEAKERSHIP.
The Clerk stated the business first in order to
be the question of order raised by Mr. Curtis on
the 19th instant.
Mr. STANTON. I move that there be a call
of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The roll was called; and the following members
failed to answer to their names, namely: Messrs.
Boyce, Brown, Clark B. Cochrane, Kunkel,
Sickles, Somes, and Stallworth.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the House do
now proceed to vote viva voce for Speaker; and on
that I call the previous question.
Several Republican members seconded the pre-
vious question.
Mr. KEITT addressed the Clerk; but stated
he would yield to Mr. Bocock, who also sought
the floor.
The CLERK. The Clerk would suggest that
the proceedings under the call have not yet been
dispensed with, there being some gentlemen ab-
Mr. SHERMAN. There are no rules pre-
scribing the mode and manner of conducting a
call. The House is acting under the constitu-
tional provision authorizing less than a quorum
to compel the attendance of absent members, con-
sequently there is no necessity, in the present dis-
organized condition of the House, to put a motion
to dispense with further proceedings m the call.
Mr. WINSLOW. The uniform practicc has
been this session to follow the rules of the House
in moving to dispense with the further proceedings
in the call. Itis true that we have no power now,
under the usual rules of the House, to have a call,
but we have that power under parliamentary law.
The House is now engaged in executing the order
for a call, and the proceedings are not yet com-
pleted. I make that point of order; and that, I
believe, is debatable.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is as well that we may
have some questions of order settled now as at
any other time. The law requires the Clerk to
put questions to the House. That presupposes
that the Clerk must put them in a parliamentary
way, and at the proper time. I have moved the
previous question. According to American par-
liamentary practice, that requires the presiding
officer, or whoever puts questions, to put the
question immediately: " Shall the main question
be now put.'" I know that the old Manual of Mr.
Jefferson has been quoted to prove a contrary
practice; but I appeal to the Clerk and to the As-
sistant Clerk, to say whether or not the practice
of the House of Representatives, before the adop-
tion of rules, has been, on the demand for the pre-
vious question, to put, without further debate, the
question: 'Shall the main question be nowput?"
I ask that we now commcnce right. As the pre-
vious question-lias been demanded and seconded,
I ask the Clerk to put the question without further
debate.
Mr. BOCOCK. I move that the House do now
adjourn; and on that motion 1 call for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. FLORENCE. That is the better way.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is in order.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
During the vote,
Mr. BARR said: I do not like, Mr. Clerk, to
be placed in the position of delaying, at this crit-
ical time, the organization of the House. I there-
fore ask to be excused from voting.
Mr. BOCOCK said: The motion to adjourn
was made in consequence of the absence of a num-
