THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
ber of gentlemen on this' side. Those gentlemen
are now in, and if it be the pleasure of gentlemen
on -the other side of the House, I will withdraw
the motion to adjourn.
• There being no objection, the motion to adjourn
was withdrawn.
The question recurred on ordering the main
question.'
The main question was ordered; and the motion
to proceed to a ballot for Speaker was agreed to.
Mr. REAGAN obtained the floor, but yielded
to
Mr. SMITH, of North Carolina. [Cries of
""Pown!" "Down!" "Order!" "Order!"] I
cannot find language adequate to convey my deep
sense of obligation to honorable gentlemen of va-
rious political opinions constituting this House,
for the honor which they have endeavored to con-
fer upon me by placing me in the chair, and en-
trusting me with the high and important responsi-
i bilities of presiding over the deliberations of this
body. When I recollect how much of self-sacri-
ficemust have been incurred, howmuch gentlemen
have given up in their patriotic effort to concen-
trate the votes of the House on some individual
who stood on national and broad conservative
grounds, and when I remember also, sir, that my-
self, with a name unknown to fame, and now
mailing my entry on this floor for the first time,
have received the honor of so large and honorable
a vote as has been conferred upon me, I can only
say that 1 shall cherish, during the residue of my
official term while a member of this body, and
shall carry with me into the shades of private life
when my public service is ended, a grateful and
abiding sense of those deep obligations under
which gentlemen have placed me.
But, sir, without intending—it is not the proper
occasion—without intending now to go into any
matters of detail, I will hero take the liberty of
saying, that I am satisfied that the presentation
of my name longer before this body would not
contribute towards the desired success, or accord
with the wishes of those gentlemen who have so
cordially and steadily sustained mo; and 1 beg
leave now, before another ballot is taken, to with-
draw my name as a candidate before this body,
and to say, that I hope the indications which are
now presenting themselves in this body, may be
harbingers of returning good-will among all the
States of this Confederacy; that wo may in the
preservation of an intact and inviolate Constitu-
tion, find a guarantee of the rights of every part or
our Confederacy, and thatour glorious andblessed
Union maybe perpetuated to the remotest period
of time. [Applause on the floor and in the galle-
ries.]
Mr. REAGAN. I rise, Mr. Clerk, for the pur-
pose of presenting a name to the House. The
(dements of the House who stand opposed (o the
Republican party have tried a number of combi-
nations for the purpose of securing for Speaker a
man of national and conservative character. The
Democratic members of the House have, I trust,
shown that character for liberality and patriotism
which is ready for any sacrifice which the best in-
terests of the country require. When the name of
the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Swim]
was presented, although lie differs with the great
body on this side of the House in his political
opinions, yet, satisfied that it was his purpose
to maintain the Constitution and the integrity of
the Government, we agreed, without a dissenting
voice, to give him our support, with the sincere
hope that we niightsuceeeu in securing hiselection.
We voted for him on Friday, and three times yes-
terday. We then became satisfied that we 'had
done all we could; that we could get no additional
votes for him. We vveie icady to continue to vote
for him, and to elect him, if possible; but we have
become satisfied that that result cannot be accom-
plished.
Wc present this morning the name'of a man of
different political complexion; and we have a rea-
sonable right to expect that those differing in pol-
itics from the gentleman whose name I am about
to present will, in the same spirit in which we
have sacrificed our political preferences, sacrifice
theirs for the purpose of securing the election of
a conservative national man to the Speakership
of this House. If eighty members of this House
have been willing to sacrifice their political pref-
erences, we think it not unreasonable that twenty-
odd should be willing to do likewise.
In the name 1 shall present are combined those
elements of strength which may not only sccure
the organization of the House, but which may
tend much to the consolidation, the strengthen-
ing, and the upholding, of the power of the Dem-
ocratic party in the northern States. Before pre-
senting that name, I will say this: as a mere
political movement, it is not essential to the sus-
taining of the principles^ the Democratic party
in the South that we should vote for a southern
Democrat. If we can vote for a Democrat from
the free States, where the great battle for the Con-
stitution and equality of the States is to be fought,
where the battle for the preservation of the Union
is to be fought, where tnc victory is to be lost or
won—if, I say, by our action here, wo can give
strength there, (and we of the South can take care
of ourselves, for wc have no such element to en-
counter there,) then, as a mere matter of policy,
it seems to me that southern Democrats, and, in-
deed, all men from the South, should have that
patriotism which enables them to elevate them-
selves above mere partisan prejudices, and to
strengthen the hands and uphold the arms of
our friends of the North, where this great battle
for the preservation of the Constitution is to be
fought.
Animated by a purpose like this, I hope that
the same concession will be made by those differ-
ing with us in political opinions, in favor of the
name now to be presented, as was made by us in
favor of the gentleman from North Carolina. It
is not to be expected that any man can be elected
whose political feelings or principles arc entirely
in harmony with thotso of all upon this side of the
House. If we take what is termed a regular-lino
Democrat, of course there are differences of opin-
ion between him and the Americans; and there
is a difference of opinion, too, between Leeomp-
ton and anti-Lecompton Democrats. If wc take
an American, of course Democrats have to sur-
render their preferences. We can take no man
who represents, in his own person, a majority of
the members of this side of the House. There
must be concessions; and the question is, whether
we are willing to concede our opinions upon these
questions, for the purpose of securing the defeat
of the common enemy—of a party which wc
believe endangers both the Constitution and the
perpetuation of the Union ?
With these suggestions, Mr. Clerk, I present
the name of a gentleman, whose record, as a
member of this House in years past, is one of
which any Democrat, m any part of this Union,
might justly be proud—a gentleman who is capa-
ble of presiding with dignity, and of conducting
successfully the business of the House in that
Speaker's chair. I present the name of John A.
McClernand, of Illinois.
Mr. HILL. T do not propose to advise my
Democratic friends as to what is expedient for
them to do on this occasion. 1 do not assume to
do any such thing. But justice to myself, and
those with whom it is my pride and pleasure to
act, induces me to repeat what I said upon a
former occasion, that Mr. Smith, of North Caro-
lina, who was presented to the House by the
southern Opposition as their candidate, was pre-
sented in deference to the views of the Demo-
cratic party, who had made it known to the south-
ern Opposition that lie was more acceptable to
the largest number of that party than any other
gentleman we could put forward. Now, it has
occurred to me that if it is the object of this side
of the House, including those with whom I act,
to make an election for the purpose of defeating
the Republican candidate, it would at least have
been wise to have consulted with the South Amer-
icans as to what member of the Democratic party
could best combine their support.
•I take occasion to state that, so far as I am ad-
vised, there has been no approach to that party
for any such purpose. We have not been called
upon, either individually or collectively, to ex-
press our wishes as to who should be presented
upon the Democratic side of the Chamber. It is
no purpose of mine—I disclaim it—to throw any
firebrand into the Democratic party; but justice
to my own position requires me to state here that
there are principles held by some of the Demo-
crats upon this floor, on the important subject o*f
slavery, that are quite as obnoxious to mcas my
peculiar Americanism can possibly be to them;
and without undertaking to interrogate any gen-
tleman who may be presented here, I distinctly
announce that I cannot give my vote for Speaker
of this House to any one who I believe enter-
tains the doctrine of popular sovereignty, as ap-
plied to the Territories of the United States.
[Laughter and sensation.]
There are Democrats upon this floor for whom
I will vote with great cheerfulness; I can name
a number of them; and it does seem to me that,
if it was desired that the Democratic candidate
should receive the united support of the Ameri-
cans, we might have been asked what sort of a
Democrat would best suit us. This has not been
done; and therefore I, for one, say that, without
any positive knowledge of the peculiar principles
held by the gentleman who has just been proposed
to the House as the Democratic nominee, I cannot
myself, in the absencc of any positive knowledge
that he does not hold the sentiment which I have
objected to, give him my support.
1 nominate no one myself; but I say to my
American friends that I shall vote for a distin-
guished gentleman from Virginia, who has here-
tofore received my vote. At the same time I say
that I know that gentleman does not desire me to
take this course. I do it because he comes nearer
to me, in my judgment, than many others on the
Democratic side of the Chamber. I shall cast my
vote for Mr. Millson, of Virginia, upon this
occasion, although I do not nominate him.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. Mr. Clerk, I would not
say a word at this time but for the remarks of my
friend from Georgia, [Mr. Hill.] I regard the
result of the vote which is now to be taken as a
foregone conclusion; and I feel jio particular in-
terest whatever in taking any position in reference
to the making up the record, or the effect it may
have upon myself at home. For the last three or
four weeks! have been a silent observer to a great
extent. I know further, that I have been a sort
of passive instrument all the time in the hands of
others. I do not mention this for the purpose of
complaining of it. I have this to say, however;
that when I have made up my mind to vote for a
Democrat—and 1 cannot discover any remarkable
difference between most gentlemen upon that side
of the House—I will not call it a condescension;
for f think I rather honor a member of that party
by voting for him. [Laughter.] I know that the
Democrats will not new think it an honor; but in
subsequent years they will point to it with pride
and satisfaction. [Renewed laughter;] Wlien I
am driven to the necessity—if that necessity should
arise—of voting for a Democrat, I may say, with-
out designing to be offensive to gentlemen, that,
in surrendering temporarily my political individ-
uality, I can, under this compulsion, cheerfully
afford to vote for the meanest of the crew. [Laugh-
ter.] I do not say this, I repeat, offensively.
They have the right to present their candidate;
and all those gentlemen who have placed them-
selves in a position to be used by the Democratic
party should not, I think, make any protest
against its candidate. I do not mean to insinuate
that my friend from Georgia [Mr. Hill] has been
placed in that position.
I have felt for the last three weeks that I have
been occupying a position in which, ultimately,
I must eitiier yield to persuasion or to a necessity
which, though I did not create it, I was sure I
could not control. So far as the gentleman from
Illinois is concerned, I will make one statement.
The district I represent has two parties in it. I
might say it has three. It has the Democratic
party, it has the Opposition party, and it has the
thinking party; the last of which holds the balance
of power. 31 is the last-named party I represent
more specially than any other. [Laughter.] I
know, auring the last year, a great political hulla-
baloo was raised there against Senator Douglas.
He is a gentleman for whom I have never had
any particular political respect. [Laughter.] I
mean by that, that, in my judgment, he was the
pioneer in those congressional achievements which
have brought about the scenes we have witnessed
here for the last sixty or seventy days. I have
no idea, however, but that at the time he created
the storm he supposed he could arrest or control
it; but, sir, he has been unable to subdue the
tempestuous excitement, which has gathered
strength from year to year, until it has at last
culminated in the recent but deplorable events
which are attracting so much of the public notice.
I mean all I say, for I think the proceedings of
