1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1659
expression, for the people, and must administer
the trust for their benefit. I regret the vagueness
of his definition of the term people. Upon the
definition of that term depends the soundness of
his Democracy. It is upon its meaning that the
two great parties have always differed.
He said he meant by the people the men who
fought the battles of the country, did the voting,
and did the work. Why, sir, he certainly under-
stood what I meant. That term " people" has a
specific technical meaning in this country. Of the
two parties of the country, one to which I belong,
and to which he professes to belong, puts upon
the term "people," whenever it is used, a spe-
cific and technical meaning. They mean a polit-
ical community, a State or a nation, the bound-
aries of which are the boundaries of the States
severally, the thirty-three different States. An-
other party uses the term " people" vaguely, con-
sidering the entire inhabitants of these thirty-three
States as one single political community. That
is the difference between us, and I hoped I should
get an answer from him, but I did not.
Now, this Government, being the representative
of the States, should administer it3 public prop-
erty for the benefit of the States. As I previously
observed, at one time it may be necessary to cre-
ate new States, or to encourage their creation, and
at another time it may be the interest of the own-
ers of the public domain to discourage it. When
there were -but between three and four million
inhabitants in the thirteen States, and they had
an immense waste domain, it was certainly their
policy to hold out inducements for settlement, and
to create rapidly new States in order to give them
strengthagainstforeign aggression; but when we
have thirty-three States, extending from the Gulf
to the Lakes, and from the Atlantic to the Pacific,
is it important that we should rapidly create new
States—that we should encourage the settlement
of the public domain ? Why, I ask? For what
purpose ? Do we need strength against foreign
aggression? Surely not. We are able to protect
ourselves, and almost so strong that we are dis-
posed to be a little aggressive. Then why is it
that the old States—Virginia, South Carolina,
Maryland, and Massachusetts—want new States
created now? What matter of public policy would
require this rapid settlement of the Territories ? I
would not close the Territories to settlement, but 1
ask if this Federal Government is now bound, for
any matter of public policy, to very greatly stimu-
late the settlement of the Territories? Ithink not.
But there is, right here, another question. Some-
how or other the fathers seemed to forget some-
what the wisdom which they are given credit for.
In creating new States they committed a solecism.
They established an imperium in imperio. They
admitted the inhabitants of a Territory to become
a people; to establish a form of government; to
become a nation, and to be confederated with
them; and yet they kept the eminent domain in
this Federal Government; they administered the
sales of the public lands; they reserved to them-
selves the right to say how much land should be
sold; when it should be sold; how it should be
sold, and for what price it should be sold; and yet
they talked to themselves about this being a Gov-
ernment formed by the States; the Constitution
being a compact to which the States are party; of
sovereignty vesting in the people of the States
respectively.
It was a solecism. It was a license they were
taking which is admissible in poetry, but not in
politics. It was a solecism—a political hypallage
—itwas putting the cart before the horse. Itwas
worse than Virgil's dare classibtis austros. Itwas
not a poetic, but a political license, and that is a
thing that is not permitted to statesmen. The
idea of establishing the inhabitants of a Territory
as a people, allowing them to adopt a constitution,
to establish their own form of government, and
yet take away from them the right of regulating
their own form of government! Take Missis-
sippi, for instance. In former times this Govern-
ment owned most of the land in Mississippi. If
this Government had undertaken to say that no
man should settle in Mississippi that did notbuy
at least a league of land, would anybody but
slaveholders ever have gone in there? Could any
others have gone? If this Government had cut
it un into quarter, eighth, or sixteenth sections of
land, forty, or eighty, or one hundred and sixty
acres to the section, and declared that no one should I
purchase but actual settlers, and that no one should
own more than forty acres, does not every man
see that it would have excluded slavery from
Mississippi ? And yet that power was reserved to
the Federal Government after Mississippi became
a State.
I say,therefore, that it is a solecism; it is apo-
litical hypallage. It is a thing that is ignoring
all just ideas of the sort of government that we
are livingunder. It is a wrong, a mistake greater
than a wrong—a mistake that was committed; and
the sooner we rectify it the better. How? By
disposing of the public lands to the States in which
they he, and leaving the States the right to dis-
pose of them as they see fit. Eut shall the Fed-
eral Government attempt to give some of these
States property belonging to the United States ?
No, sir; but let them receive these lands upon
conditions and upon price stipulated. Cede them
to the States and let the States regulate the mode
in which they shall be disposed of; and then for
the trouble of administering the public lands, for
extinguishing Indian titles, for opening and keep-
ing up the land offices for surveys, for issuing
patents, for all those expenses and all this trou-
ble, let the State reserve a certain amount of the
gross proceeds of the lands and pay over to the
Federal Government the balance.
I have introduced an amendment to what is
called the homestead bill, which is predicated
upon that idea. 1 have asked that it be read. It
has been printed. I ask Senators to consider
this matter, and also consider whether it is not a
matter worth considering. Are we to go on ad-
ministering these lands and keeping up their im-
mense patronage here in the Federal Government?
Why is it that the Federal Government at Wash-
ington is more capable of administering this land
fund than the States themselves? The State Le-
gislatures and State governments know more
about the condition of the people who are to set-
tle on this land than we possibly can. They arc
nearer the scene of action. Make it their inter-
est to administer them prudently, and cede them
the lands.
The States arc by necessity obliged to have an
agent to administer this fund for them. Shall they
select the Federal Government, or shall they select
one of the States ? I would rather select one of
these States to administer this fund. If you, Mr.
President, and I, and a dozen others, formed a
partnership, and we appointed acommon agentto
administer our joint partnership fund ; if, during
ths transaction of the business, and the continu-
ance of that partnership, it turned out that there
was some particular branch that some one of the
partners could administer better than the general
agent, would there be any objection to establish-
ing him as an agent pro lanto ? If these States
have confederated together, and have agreed to
establish a common Government, through which
they are to exercise some of their sovereign pow-
ers, and it turns out afterwards that one of the
States may administer some of these powers, as
the agent of the others, better than the Federal
Government, is there any reason why that State
should not be made an agent ?
Then I would convey these lands to the States in
which they lie. I say give them the right to decide
all questions as to their settlement. -If they want
your lands conveyed in small quantities, or m
large ones, let them decide, if they want to
hasten emigration, or if they wish to impede it,
let them decide. Leave to each State the right to
decide for itself the mode of settling upon its own
lands; because the settlement of a State that has
a large extent of waste, lands in a matter that af-
fects actually its political interests, the character
of the Government itself. This Federal Govern-
ment may actually change the political institu-
tions of one of the States of this Union, in which
there are public lands; and whilst this Govern-
ment continues to administer the public lands and
control the sales of them, I say that the States of
tins Union have lost their autonomy; they have
lost the right of self-government, and it is to re-
cover that that I would urge this proposition.
Now, sir, there are other reasons which may
be given for adopting this amendment; and at
some other time I may state them. I have given
a brief outline of the views which governed me in
introducing this substitute. I have done it more
with a view of drawing attention to it than with
a view to discuss it. I trust that the next time the
homestead bill comes up for discussion that matter
may be discussed; and if there be any objections
to it, we shall hear them.
Mr. WADE. I have a proposition to offer to.
the Senate; and if they agree with me I shall be
very glad of it, and I think it the best disposition,
we can make of this matter. I offer the proposi-
tion that we postpone this bill .till Tuesday next;
and I mention Tuesday because to morrow- is,
devoted to District business, Friday to .private
bills, and Monday,to the Florida claims, on which
the Senator from Delaware [Mr. Bayabd] has
the floor Tuesday is the first day that is exempt
from being devoted to any other business. I pro-
pose that time with the understanding that the
Senate will then take up the bill, and I will pro-
pose that there shall be an understanding that on
Wednesday we shall take a final vote upon it, if
such shall meet the approbation of the Senate.
Mr. MASON. I do not agree.
Mr. SLIDELL. I hope that there will be no
understanding on this subject.
Mr. WADE. Then I have nothing more to
say, only that I shall press it to-morrow,and right
on as long as the friends of the bill will stand by
it,, to the exclusion of all other business.
Mr. GWIN. That is the way, until we can
get through with it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The Senator
from Ohio spoke about some proposition -that I
did not hear. Has there been a motion to refer?
["No."] There has been no motion made to refer
this bill again to the Committee on Public Lands.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
rick in the chair.) None that the Chair is aware
of.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I move now
that we refer the House and Senate bill, together
with all the amendments that are now before the
Senate, to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. WADE. I hope not.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The object is
to report back by the time named—Tuesday
morning. I suppose the Senate will not sit on
Saturday, and the committee will give that entire
day for the consideration of this subject, and will
attempt to prepare this bill fully. There has been
a great deal of light unquestionably thrown on the
whole question in the course of this whole week's
debate. It is impossible now that, with the position
these bills occupy, we can come to anything like a
complete maturity of the subject in the Senate.
There are now before us the House bill and the
Senate bill, and the amendments offered by tlio
Senator from Texas, the Senator from Missis-
sippi, and myself. Each one of them is.a sep-
arate and distinct proposition; each one is de-
signed to cover the whole ground. At present
we are jiroceeding in this way: we take up no
single bill to perfect it, but motions are made that
reach to either one that the taste of the gentleman
who presents his amendment may direct and de-
termine. It will be absolutely necessary, it strikes
me, in order to reach any fixed and practical end,
that the whole of these bills and amendments
should go to that committee; and there is no loss
of time in doing so at all, for they will be reported
back by the time that they can be taken up by
the Senate. I hope very much that it may bo
agreed to, and be reported back by Tuesday
next.
Mr. BROWN. I hope the proposition to post-
pone the further consideration of this question
until Tuesday next will be agreed to, and that the
bill and amendments will be referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands. The Senator from Ohio
has said, very properly, that to-morrow is devoted
to the business of the District of Columbia; Fri-
day is devoted to private bills; and Saturday wo
shall unquestionably adjourn over; Monday is
given to a different subject; and on Tuesday the
chairman of the Committee on Public Lands indi-
cates that they may be prepared to report. Then
I shall be prepared, so far as my individual vote
goes, to go with the friends of this bill to take it
up, and consider it from day to day until it is dis-
posed of. I may not vote for this bill in any form;
but it lias assumed an importance in the country
which requires consideration. There can be no
attempt to ignore it. Whatever it may be, it has
become of too much consequence for that; and I
say to the Senator from Ohio, thatif he willallow
it to be recommitted, with the understanding that
it is to be reported back on Tuesday, then I will
