1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to-day are proof conclusive of it. I believe, how-
ever, that the tide will soon begin to ebb. This
excitement, I am sure, will speedily subside.
Bat I will say, in justice to Senator Douglas,
that the intelligent portjpn.of the Democratic
party of my district believe that he has b'een .con-
sistent, and that his position to-day—which is
foreshadowed here in the announcement of the
name of Mr. McClernand, of Illinois, as the
Democratic candidate for Speaker—is a logical
consequence resulting from the step made by him
in 1854, when he threw himself into the breach
and became the leader in that legislative misfor-
tune which ended in the repeal of the Missouri
compromise. But, sir, unlike other gentlemen of
the Democratic party, he has never sought to avoid
the responsibility or the consequences of that act.
Well, sir, 1 know another thing. It is this:
that all the noise and confusion in the South about
the disaffection of Democrats toward Senator
Douglas, in reference to his prospects m the
Charleston conventiop, amount to nothing. Out-
side of the postmasters and newspaper editors
and the activc, aspiring politicians, I believe that
it has no real or extensive existence. I have no
doubt, sir, that when Senator Dohglas's birthday
arrives in April next, he will be nominated at
Charleston, and that then you will not find in my
district exceeding twenty Democrats who have
not been, for two years, original Douglas men.
[Laughter.] I am willing to yield to persuasion,
and, when it is unavoidable, to imperative neces-
sity. I insist, however, that some of those Op-
position gentlemen from the South, who have
been receiving and soliciting the votes of the Dem-
ocratic party, should bo willing now to return the
compliment. It was not pleasant, as you know,
for some of them to vote outside of their party.
Did you not obsorvc how some of the Democratic
members "sweat great drops of blood" when
they submitted to the crucifixion of voting for
the gentleman from North Carolina? [Mr. Smith.]
[Laughter.]
Why, sir, if an artist had desired to have an
original from which to paint undying human
agony, all he coufd have desired would have been
the features of some of those Democrats who voted
for Mr. Smith on Friday. [Laughter.]
Mr. NIBLACK. I am one of the northwestern
Democrats to whom the gentleman has referred;
and I say, in all frankness, that if I could with-
draw my vote, I would not do it.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. Of course you would
not.
Mr. NIBLACK. I cast my vote deliberately,
and I take all the responsibility and all the con-
sequences.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. So did I.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. My honorable friend
from New York [Mr. Clark] has been upon his
political recognizance for six weeks, and I have
been his bondsman. [Laughter.] I was alluding
to some of the members of the Democratic party
from the Northwest——
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I thought the
gentleman was speaking of northern Democrats.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. No, sir; the Democrats
of the Northwest; but I might refer my friend to
the distinguished gentleman who represents our
first commercial emporium; for it was manifest he
"suffered some" before ho went over. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I know that my
friend from Tennessee means no disrespect. He
evidently is acting the part of the good Samaritan
of the occasion. He is peuring oil into what ho
considers our gaping wounds; nor, in his assumed
kindness, has he tented them to the quick. But
if, sir, it is true that such wounds have been in-
flicted, they are to be contemplated with pride, and
to be pressed more dearly to our bosoms if re-
ceived in the cause of a common country. [Laugh-
ter.] Sir, I am unconscious of any stab received
at the hand of either friend or foe". I invariably
respect the manly steel of honorable gentlemen
opposed; but when I saw its dangerous gleam,
they who directed it knew not the ward which
Democracy teaches its disciples; and every stroke
that was aimed at the vitality of the Democratic
party was triumphantly averted, and the Democ-
racy stood stronger and manlier in its colossal
attitude before the country. [Laughter.]
Even now, sir, in the vivid language which the
gentleman from Tennessee has addressed to the
I-Iouss, as in a faithful mirror, I have perceived
reflected the prospect of coming Democratic de-
feat. Till now, have I sat here daily more Jjrmly
impressed with the principles which have sus-
tained me thus far; and when falling, if fall I must,
I shall feel the greater pleasure that I shall be able
in that fall to wrap around me the mantle of De-
mocracy, [laughter;] and thus enfolded in its
whole panoply, I would, with a decent compo-
sure, sink to my proud rest even at the base of
Pompcy's statue.
Sir, I felt no agony, not even the superficial
ripple of disturbance, when I cast my vote for the
gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Smith;]
and if my friend from Tennessee construed the
rays of pleasure which mantled my face into the
distorting agonies of distress, let me recommend
him, sir, when he again ventures upon- experi-
mental physiognomy, to cast from his own eye
the beam,"before he speaks of the motes which
repose in the Democraticvision. [Laughter.] Sir,
I thank my friend for his allusion to the pains
and sufferings of Democrats here. If suffering
thus, I would choose rather to suffer alone in such
a cause than to be pampered with all the attendant
luxuries of error; and if, suffering alone, I may
be permitted a sketch of my supposed solitary
agonies, I would compare them, both in their in-
ception and their intensity, in their duration and
in their eventual relief, to those which I have here-
tofore described to the House as attendant upon
my transit through the darkling way from error
to truth, as the unenviable companion of the
Barnburners of New York, in their passage from
the days of 1848 to the purer political and the
halcyon days of 1860. [Great laughter.]
I did not intend to detain the House so long.
Perhaps I have intruded upon the patience of my
friend from Tennessee; but I hope the House and
the country will be satisfied from this time licnce-
fortli, not only that 1 myself, but that each Dem-
ocrat upon this side of the House, come he from
what geographical quarter of the Union he may,
when it was necessary for him to cast his vote for
the gentleman from North Carolina, did it with
pleasure, and with that alacrity which character-
izes all patriots desirous and anxious for the sal-
vation of their country.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. The position of the gen-
tleman from New York last Friday, when he voted
for the gentleman from North Carolina, illus-
trated the truth of the old saying, th&t whatever a
man docs timidly he does awkwardly. Not so,
however, with a woman: whatever she does tim-
idly is performed gracefully and well. My friend
was evidently somewhat timid and awkward. I
think he illustrated another truth. * We all know
that
" Afflictions, though they seem severe,
Are oft in mercy sent;"
and as the gentleman has referred to the year
1848, and alluded to the painful fields through
which he has passed in reaching his present po-
sition of political repose, may I not hope liis
journey and his trials have
" Stopped the prodigal's carecr,
And caused linn to repent?"
I was only saying, injustice to those gentlemen,
what I regarded as the truth.in reference to scenes
and events which have not only been recorded by
the pen, but were daguerreotyped upon the heart
and memory of every man who witnessed the
anguish, the deep, unutterable anguish of gentle-
men when compelled to surrender and give in their
adhesion to the gentlemen from North Carolina.
And I was going on to remark, that some of the
southern Opposition, who had played the part of
—not bridesmaid, but what do you call him who
stands by the side of the bridesmaid ? [a voice—
"groomsman "]—yes, groomsman, that isit—that
oar southern Opposition men, who had played
the part of groomsmen at the nuptials which were
solemnized here last Friday, ought, now, when
the Democratic party is a sort of gay political
widower, and is once more '• wooing 'round,"
[laughter,] that they who attended this political
wedding and danced so merrily to Democratic
music, ought now to be somewhat kind and gen-
erous, and, at least, allow the Democracy in the
selection of their candidate the largest liberty.
Now, I may say, if I were to vote for a Dem-
ocrat this morning—and you will observe that 1
said when I took the floor that this contest for
Speaker was now a foregone conclusion—and I
want that to be italicised, Mr. 'Reporter I isay,;
sir, that our southern friends, who were the re<fip-*
ients of this Democratic favor, ought not to;stiakle,'
but ought to allowthe Democratic party the rigfe
to select their own candidate, and I care not if
they select-a red-eyed, unconquered, -anebntiu'er-,
able, unsubdued rebel from the Northwest.
Mr. HILL. I would inquire of my friend
whether he thinks he has discovered any tone of
complaint on my part? *
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I did not say I was re-
plying to my friend from Georgia. I was refer-
ring to my friend over the way.
Mr. HILL. I have-a very high respect for
the gentleman whose name has now been pre-
sented. No man has ever heard me speafc in a
personally unkind manner of Judge'DouoiA'S, M
of his faithful adherents. I differ'with hinvpo-
litically. I have never denounced him for incon-
sistency. I have admired his firmness and the
exhibition of will that he has shown. I have
repeated this on many occasions. I have stated
the cause of my own peculiar political position
in regard to Mr. McCi.ernand. But if I stood
in the attitude of my friend from North Carolina
[Mr. Smith]—without undertaking to advise him
or any one else—I would with great pleasure vote
for Mr. McClernand, or any other gentleman
who had voted for me.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. Mr. Clerk—[Cries of
"Call the roll!" "Hear him!" "Goon!"] my
friend from Georgia will understand that I am not
persuading anybody to vote one way or another.
I am this morning pleading the cause of party
justice and fair dealing. I spoke of the gentle-
man proposed for Speaker—one of the unterrified
northwestern Democracy—which is a distinctive
sort of Democracy. I sympathize deeply with those
men who, in 1858, drew their swords and threw
away their scabbards in that terrible contest with
the executive power. I remember how, in that
last State canvass in Illinois, the public heart was
stilled; and how all the people of the country were
breathless with anxiety in witnessingthat exciting
hand-to-hand conflict of Senator Douglas, and
his body guard in the State of Illinois, against the
combined power of the friends of the present Ad-
ministration. I remember how the poor misera-
ble blood of the poorest and most miserable post-
master was made to flow. I remember how the
heads of responsible officials fell off, and how the
political guillotine was made to work there day by
day during all that battle, that storm, that con-
test against executive dictation and power.
Mr. NOELL. I hope the gentleman from Ten-
nessee will not try to get up a difficulty in the
Democratic party. [Laughter on the Republican
side.]
Mr.ETHERIDGE. [Mingledcriesof" Vote!"
"Vote!"" Let him go on!"] My friend from Mis-
souri does himself injustice in ascribing to me the
desire to get up a storm. If I am not speaking
history, I would thank any gentleman to correct
me. As I said before, my sympathies were with
Mr. Douglas in that contest; and of course they
were with the cohorts who fought under him.
Was not the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Mc-
Clernand] one of them? Was he not a candi-
date for Congress in the last State election ?
Voices on the Democratic side. No, sir 1
Mr. ETHERIDGE. Did he not support and
sustain him? t
Voices. He was not a candidate thenJ!
Mr. ETHERIDGE. Well, at all events, he
is known to be a political friend and adherent of
Mr. Douglas; and I trust his friends on this floor
will not take from him that distinctive character.
Mr. NOELL. What would you have thought
of members of the Democratic party, if, when Mr.
Smitii, of North Carolina, was putin nomination,
they had got up and made long speeches to prove
that he had run in opposition to a Democrat'
Mr. ETHERIDGE. My friend from Missouri
will recollect that I stated 1 would not have said
a word but for the remarks of the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Hili..] It was he who arose and
interposed objections,andmtimated that the Dem-
ocratic party had suggested an improper name. I
give him credit for being sincere in his political
antagonism to Mr. McClernajStp. But I might
possibly have to vote, in a certain contingency,
for that gentleman. I have, therefore, a right to
give the reasons which may control my vote.
When I conclude to vote for a Democrat for the
