1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2603
ing influences. And yet this pretension, which,
in its natural consequences, overturns State
t Rights, is put forward by Senators, who profess
to be the special guardians of State Rights.
Nor does this pretension derive any support from
the much-debated clause in the Constitutioe for
the rendition of fugitives from "service or labor,"
on which so much stress is constantly put. But I
do not occupy your time now on this head, for
t.wo reasons, first, because, having already on a
former occasion exhibited with great fullness the
character of that clause, I am unwilling now, thus
incidentally, to open the question upon it; and
secondly, becauso, whatever may be*its charac-
ter—admitting that it confers power upon Con-
gress, and admitting also, what is often denied,
that, in defiance of commanding rules of interpre-
tation, the equivocal words there employed have
that " irresistible clearness" which is necessary
in talcing away Human Rights—yet nothing can
be clearer than that the fugitives, whosoever tkey
may be, are regarded under the Constitution as
persons, and not as property.
1 disdain to dwell on that other argument,
brought forward by Senators, who, denying the
Equality of Man, speciously assert the Equality
of the States; and from this principle, true in
many respects, jump to the conclusion, that Slave-
masters are entitled, m the name of Equality, to
take their slaves into the National Territories,
under the solemn safeguards of the Constitution.
But this argument comes back to the first preten-
sion, that slaves are recognized as " property" in
'the Constitution. To that pretension, already
amply exposed, we are always brought, nor can
any sounding allegations of State Equality avoid
it. And yet, this very argument betrays the in-
consistency of its authors. If persons held to
service in the Slave States are " property" under
the Constitution, then, under the provision—
known as the " three-fifths" rule—which founds
representation in the other House on such per-
sons, there is a property representation from the
Slave States, with voice and vote, while there
is no such property representation from the Free
States. With glaring inequality, the representa-
tion of Slave'States is founded first on "per-
sons," and secondly on a large part of their pre-
tended property; whiie the representation of the
Free States is founded simply on "persons,"
leaving all their boundless millions of property
unrepresented. Thus, whichever way we ap-
proach it, the absurdity of this pretension becomes
manifest. Assuming the pretension of property
in man under the Constitution, you slap in the
face the whole theory of Slate Equality, fur you
disclose a gigantic inequality between the Slave
States and the Free States; and assuming the
Equality of States, in the House of Representa-
tives as elsewhere, you slap in the face the whole
pretension of property in man under the Consti-
tution .
I disdain to dwell also on that other argument,
which, m the name ol Popular Sovereignty, un-
dertakes to secure to the people in the Territories
the wickcd power—sometimes called, by confu-
sion of terms, right—to enslave their fcllow-inen:
as if this pretension was not blasted at once by
the Declaration of Independence, when it an-
nounced that "all governments derive their just
powers from the consent of the governed," and
as if anywhere within the jurisdiction of the Con-
stitution, which contains no sentence, phrase, or
■word, sanctioning this outrage, and which care-
fully excludes the idea of property in man, while
it surrounds all persons with the highest safe-
guards of a citizen, such pretension could exist.
Whatever it may be elsewhere, Popular Sover-
eignty within the sphere of the Constitution has
its limitations. Claiming for all the largest lib-
erty of a true Civilization, it compresses all within
the constraints of Justice; nor does it allow any
man to assert a right to do what he pleases, ex-
cept when he pleases to do right. As well within
the Territories attempt to make a King as attempt
to make a slave. But this pretension,
Where t behold n factious band agree
To call it freedom when themselves are free,
proceeding originally from a vain etfort to avoid
the impending question between Freedom and
Slavery—assuming a delusive phrase of Freedom
as a cloak for Slavery—speaking with the voice
of Jacob while its hands are the hands of Esau
—may be dismissed with the other kindred pre-
tensions for Slavery, while the Senator from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Douglas,] who has wandered so far
in its support, may
 remembered Milo's end,
Wedged in that Timber which he strove to rend.
And here I close this branch of the argument,
which I have treated less fully than the first,
partly because time and strength fail me, but
chiefly because the Barbarism of Slavery, when
fully established, supersedes all other inquiry.
But enough has been done on this head. At the
risk of repetition, I now gather it together The
assumption that Slave-masters, under the Consti-
tution, may take their slaves into the Territories,
and continue to hold them as in the States, stands
on two pretensions—first, that man may hold
property in man, and secondly, that this property
is recognized in the Constitution. But we have
seen that the pretended property in man stands
on no reason, while the two special arguments by
which it has been asserted, first an alleged inferi-
ority of race, and secondly, the ancient curse of
Ham, are grossly insufficient to uphold such a
pietension. And we hove next seen that this pre-
tension has as little support in the Constitution
as ill reason; that Slavery is of such an offensive
character, that it can find support only in " pos-
itive" sanction, and words of 11 irresistible clear-
ness;" that this benign rule, questioned in the
Senate, is consistent with the principle of an ad-
vanced civilization; that no such " positive "sanc-
tion, in words of" irresistible clearness," can be
found m the Constitution, while, in harmony
with the Declaration of Independence, and the
Address of the Continental Congress, the con-
temporaneous declarations in the Convention, and
especially the act of the Convention in substitut-
ing "service "for" servitude,"on theground that
the latter expressed " the condition of slaves," all
attest that the pretension that man can hold prop-
erty in man was carefully, scrupulously, and com-
pletely excluded from the Constitution, so that it
has no semblance of support in that sacred text;
nor is this pretension, which is unsupported in
the Constitution, helped by the two arguments,
one in the, name of State Equality, and the other
in the namcof Popular Sovereignty, both of which
are properly put aside.
Sir, the true principle, which, reversing the
assumptions of Slave-masters, makes Freedom
national and Slavery scrtinnal, while every just
claim of the Slave States is harmonized with the
irresistible predominance of Freedom under the
Constitution, has been declared at Chicago. Wot
questioning the right of each State, whether South
Carolina or Turkey, Virginia or Russia, to order
and contiol its own domestic institutions accord-
ing to its own judgment exclusively, the Conven-
tion there assembled has explicitly announced
Freedom to be " the normal condition of nil the
territory of the United States," and has explicitly
denied " the authority of Congress, of a Terri-
torial Legislature, or of any individuals, to give
legal existence to Slavery in any Territory of tile
United States." Such is the triumphant response,
by the aroused millions of the North, alike to the
assumption of Slave-masters that tiie Constitu-
tion, of its own force, carries Slavery into the
Territories; and also to the device of politicians,
that the people of the Territories, in the exercise
of a dishonest Popular Sovereignty, may plant
Slavery there. This response is complete at all
points, whether the Constitution acts upon the
Territories before their organization, or only after- j
ward; for, in the absence of a Territorial Govern- 1
ment, there can be no " positive" law in words of
" lrresistibje clearness" for Slavery, as there can
be no such law, when a Territorial Government
is organized, under the Constitution. Thus the
normal condition of the Territories is confirmed
by the Constitution, which, when extended over
them, renders Slavery impossible, while it writes
upon the soil and engraves upon the rock every-
where the law of impartial Freedom, without dis-
tinction of color or race.
Mr. President, this argument is now closed.
Pardon me for the time I have occupied. Itislong
since I have made any such claim upon your at-
tention. Pardon me, also, if I have said anything
which I ought not to have said. I have spoken
frankly, and from the heart; if severely, yet only
with the severity of a sorrowful candor, calling
things by their right names, and letting historic
facts tell their unimpeachable story. I have spoken
in the patriotic hope of contributing to the welfare
of my country, and also in the assured conviction
that what I have said will find a response in gen-
erous souls. I believe that I have said nothing;
which is not sustained by well-founded argument-
or well-founded testimony, nothing which can be
controverted without a direct assault upon reason
or-upon truth.
The two assumptions of Slave-masters ljfive
been answered. But this is not enough. Let the
answer become a legislative act, by the admission
of Kansas as a Free State. Then will the Bar-
barism of Slavery be repelled, and the pretension
of property in man be rebuked. Such an act, clos-
ing this long struggle by the assurance of peace
to the Territory, if not of tranquillity to the whole
country, will be more grateful still as the herald
of that better day, near at hand, when Freedom
shall be installed everywhere under the National
Government; when.the National Flag, wherever
it floats, on sea or land, within the national juris-
diction, will not cover a single slave; and when
the Declaration of Independence, now reviled in
the name of Slavery, will once again be reverenced
as the American Magna Charta of Human Rights.
Nor is this all. Such an act will be the first stage
in those triumphs by which the Republic—lifted
in character so as to become an example to man-
kind—will enter at last upon its noble " preroga-
tive of teaching the nations how to live."
Thus, sir, speaking for Freedom in Kansas, I
liave spoken for Freedom everywhere, and for
Civilization; and, as the less is contained in the
greater, so arc all arts, all sciences, ail economies,
all refinements, all charities, all delights of life,
embodied in this cause. You may reject it; but
it will be only for to-day. The sacrcd animosity
between Freedom and Slavery can end only with
the triumph of Freedom. This same Question
will be soon carried before that high tribunal,
supreme over Senate and Court, wheie the judges
will be counted by millions, and where the judg-
ment rendered will be the solemn 'charge of an
aroused people, instructing a new President, in
the name of Freedom, to see that Civilization re-
ceives no detriment.
Mr. CHESNUT. Mr. President, after the
extraordinary though characteristic speech just
uttered in the Senate, it is proper that I assign the
reason for the position we are now inclined to
assume.
After ranging over Europe, crawling through
the back doors to whine at the feet of British aris-
tocracy, craving pity, and reaping a rich harvest
of contempt, the slanderer of States and men re-
appears in the Senate. "VVe had hoped to be re-
lieved from the outpourings of such vulgar malice.
We had hoped that one who had felt, though ig-
nominiously he failed to meet, the consequences
of a former insolence, would have become wiser,
if not better, by experience. In this I am disap-
pointed; and I regret it.
Mr. President, in the heroic, ages of the world
men were deified for the possession and the ex-
ercise of some virtues—wisdom, truth, justice,
magnanimity, courage. In Egypt, also, we know
they deified beasts and reptiles; but even that
bestial people worshiped their idols on account
of some supposed virtue. It has been left for this
day, for this country, for the Abolitionists of Mas-
sachusetts, to deify the incarnation of malice, men-
dacity, and cowardice.
Sir, we do not intend to be guilty of aiding in
the apotheosis of pusillanimity and meanness.
We do not intend to contribute, by any conduct
on our part, to increase the devotees at the shrine
of this ncwidol. We know what is expected and
what is desired. We are not inclined again to
send forth the recipient of punishment howling
through the world, yelping fresh cries of slander
and malice.
These are the reasons, which I feel it due to
myself and others to give to the Senate and the
country, why we have quietly listened to what
has been said, and why we can take no other
notice of the matter.
Mr. GREEN. Mr. President, the real subject ■
before the Senate, and the only one that can prop-
erly be debated in conformity with the rules of
this body, which no gentleman ought to trans-
gress, is "the application on the part of Kansas for
admission into the Union on an equal footing with
the other States. 1 have nothing to say on any
subject at the present hour except with reference
