1660
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
vote with him steadily to take it up, and consider
it from day to day until wo dispose of it in some
form; not in any manner pledging myself to vote
for it, because I do not know in what form it may
come back to us. I say that, because up to Tues-
day the friends of the bill cannot, I think, get it
considered further any way; and on our side we
are desirous that the Committee on Public Lands
shall msstheireye over this question again calmly
and dispassionately in the committee-room, with
all the light which the debates and amendments
proposed here have thrown on it. I hope it may
fee allowed to take that course.
Mr. GWIN. Mr. President, I do not object to
the motion that has been made by the Senator
from Arkansas, that this bill and all the amend-
ments shall be referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, in order to bring the question before
the Senate on Tuesday next. I am prepared to
vote for the homestead bill, if it has an early con-
sideration; but I give notice now that if this bill
is to occupy a large portion of the time of the
Senate, to the exclusion of other measures of
more importance to my State—the overland mail
bills and the Pacific railroad bill—I shall vote to
postpone it to the next session, and I give the
friends of the bill that notice. I have for weeks
not interposed, not thrown any difficulties in the
way, not intending to throw any in the way, and
not intending to speak on this question, because I
meant to vote for it; but there are other questions
of more importance to my constituents, m which
they have a deeper interest, and of importance to
the whole nation, that must be considered at an
early day, if I have the power to bring them be-
fore the Senate. While lam prepared to sustain
the homestead bill, without throwing any obstacles
in its way, if it intervenes to prevent action on
these other questions for a considerable time
longer, I shall vote to postpone it to the next ses-
sion as a duty I owe to my constituents.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator from California has
given the very notice which I have been expecting
for the last three or four days. As long as the
discussion upon this bill was addressed to its
principle or its details I made 110 sort of objec-
tion to its continuance; but we had the Senator
from Wisconsin yesterday making ita pretext for
a discussion on the question of slavery, and on
the preposterous idea of turning Central America
into a branch of Africa; and now, taking a wider
train, we hear the Senator from Virginia to-day
trying to turn it into a sectional question, and
calling upon Senators to define their position.
Thus, I foresee that in the train that it is now tak-
ing instead of being debated upon its merits, it is to
be kept here before the Senate that every gentle-
man may hang a speech on any subject connected
with it, until we are generally tired of it; and
between the Pacific railroad and the avenue rail-
road, it never will come to an end.
Now, sir, I am tired of this way of transacting
business. My colleague wants Friday for private
bills. One filth of all the time of the Senate is to
be given to private bills—a vast disproportion—
and these claimants are to thrust aside the public
business in every direction. We arc brought
here day after day on Saturday, and now, again,
to-morrow, to debate a horse railroad. All that
can be done, and yet I am opposed to this bill
being postponed to any of them. I give notice
that, unless some determination can be come to
for the time of voting, I shall move to-morrow to
postpone the avenue railroad in order to go on
with this bill, and on Friday to postpone the Pri-
vate Calendar, for the same purpose.
Now, if we can get two or three votes that in-
dicate the voice of the majority of the Senate upon
these propositions, I shall be very glad to support
the chairman of the Committee on Public Lands
in his motion; but we have more than a dozen
E ending amendments, and when the bill comes
aclt from the committee we shall have a dozen
more. We are all at sea. The Senator from
North Carolina has a proposition. We cannot
get a vote on that. The Senator from Mississippi
has a proposition. We cannot get a vote on that.
The Senator from Missouri had one; the Senator
from California had one; the Senator from Ar-
kansas had one; the Senator from Alabama has
one; the Senator from Texas has one. All these
have to be voted upon before the amendment re-
ported by the Committee on Public Lands can
even come to a vote. Now, Senators, give us
some chance; give us some decisive vote upon
the bill. If a majority of the Senate is against
the homestead in every shape, let the bill go the
table; let us take up the Pacific railroad, or any
other bill, and go forward with it; but I give no-
tice to the friends of the bill, that they expose it
to the hazard of destruction by permitting it to
occupy this place; and in order that we may have
a test vote, I shall make a motion now, for which
I wilfnot vote, in order that I can get the voice
of the Senate, and that will be to strike out the
enacting clausc of the bill. If it is struck out,
we shall know that there is to be no homestead.
If that motion is lost, we can get one or two test
votes on other propositions; and after the Senate
has indicated its general disposition, I shall then
support the chairman in recommitting the bill, in
order to perfect its provisionss. If it stands in
this position it is lost.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I will modify
the motion which I submitted to the Senate just
now. I propose to modify it by putting in a fur-
ther provison in the shape of an instruction from
the Senate to the committee, that they report the
bill back on Tuesday next, which I believe is the
earliest day any one expects to be able to get to
this matter. So far as the Senator who has just
spoken has expressed his wishes or his views, I
agree in the necessity that exists that this measure
shall be acted on in some way. I know and feel
thatunlesswedoactupon it, andactuponitration-
ally, the whole public land system will be down
around our ears. A system which lias lived and
existed so long as it has, and so successfully, must
fall shortly to pieces, unless Congress does, in a
rational and prudent spirit, take charge of the mat-
tor, and so arrange it as to make some concession
to the heavy demands that are now made upon it.
Recognizing this, I am willing at once, as a
member of the Committee on Public Lands, and
I believe it is the sense of the committee, to act
promptly. The truth is, that though I am not an
advocate of the measure, for one, yet the commit-
tee is a homestead committee. It was made so, I
believe, purposely. It certainly was made so, and
would forever have been made so, against my vote;
but the measure certainly can bo intrusted to that
committee under instructions from the Senate to
report it back on Tuesday next; and within that
time all parties, the friends of as well as those op-
posed to the measure itself, can get ready for a
decision. It is admitted that no time can or will
be lost by this course. The bill is to be referred
back for reasons that are palpable. Those rea-
sons are, that when we touch the entire system
that is ramified throughout this country, and by
laws that cover many pages of our volumes, we
must touch it with some degree of prudence, for
we strike a deep, a great, and extended interest
in every direction; and unless wo touch it with
prudence we shall do a vast deal of damage, and
shall lead ultimately to radical legislation that will
be of the most destructive character, in all proba-
bility.
No w, I ask that my motion may be put. I hope
that the Senator from Ohio will not, under these cir-
cumstanccs,insist upon getting another vote here
on a motion to strike out the enacting clause, for
it must be apparent to him that there is a majority
here that do undoubtedly desire that some measure
of this character shall pass. Those who are for
some measure of relief are wedded each one to
his particular hobby—if I may call it so—or to his
particular scheme, so that Ave cannot come to one
on which wo may unite; but there may be a de-
cided majority for some measure. I cannot but
believe that we can fix on something that will be
generally accepted and will be prudent in its
character, and that will constitute beneficial and
wise legislation. So regarding it, not wishing
to obstruct action, and desirous that it should
come in here at the earliest moment, and that
the bill shall then be. taken up and proceed on its
way; and with no disposition to throw anymore
formal or captious obstructions, I beg that both
the bills, with all the amendments—the whole
subject-matter—may be referred to the committee,
for a report back here on Tuesday.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I shall not engage in any
discussion on the merits of the homestead bill.
My opinions have been well know formally years
on this question. I have made as many speeches
on the subject as 1 deem it desirable to make. I
i! believe that the subject-matter has been thor-
oughly discussed, and is well understood; and if
we prolong the debate, the only effect will be to
drag into the question subjects that are not per-
tinent to it. I have no objection to the reference
indicated by the chairman of the Committee on
Public Lands, if it is supposed that the bill can be
matured and reported back by Tuesday, and if
the time has been so allotted to other business, as
it is stated, that it will be occupied up to Tuesday;
but I do think that ought to be accompanied with
an understanding that at some time, on some par-
ticular day, and that not a very late one, the final
vote shall be taken. If we take up the subject
and discuss it, in themanner in which the discus-
sion has gone on heretofore, for many days longer,
there will never be an end to it. If the slavery
discussion is to be ingrafted upon it, we shall
never get a vote; it will merely stand here in the
• way of all other measures, occupying time, with-
out ever getting a vote upon it. I could not, if I
desired to do so, add anything to the force and
power of the argument presented by the Senator
from Tennessee to-day upon the subject. I do not
wish, therefore, to occupy any time; but merely
to express the desire that we may get speedy ac-
tion and a final vote on the bill at as early a day
as possible, in order that wc may proceed with
other measures.
No man is more anxious than I am to have this
overland! mail servicc to California jiut upon a
solid and firm basis. I think the public interests
require prompt action upon that. This discussion
stands in the way of other great measures of pub-
lic policy. Let us confine ourselves to it until we
get it disposed of, and then take up the overland
mail, and dispose of that; and then the Pacific
railroad bill, and dispose of that. Let us take
each measure in succession, and when we take it
up, never lay it down until we get a final vote. I
shall insist now upon this measure, it having pri-
ority, keeping the priority. Then you may take
up the overland mail, or the railroad first, as you
please; but, whichever you take up first, let us
stick to that until we get a final vote upon it, and
then take up the next, and the next; thus getting
a vote upon every great measure. I do not wish
to interfere with my friend from Mississippi with
the District Jjusiness. If we can arrange it so
as to give him to-morrow, I am willing to stand
by that arrangement.
Mr. BROWN. The Senate has done that al-
ready.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I know that; butmany days
are set apart for the consideration of special busi-
ness, and when the day comes, it is overslaughed
by another measure; and you are dependent now
upon the majority whether you shall get to-mor-
row for the consideration of District business or
not. I do not want to interfere with the Senator,
if we can get an understanding that a day shall
be fixed when wc shall take a vote on the home-
stead bill; but let us agree now upon some day.
I will not indicate it. I leave the gentleman on
the other side having charge of this measure, the
Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Wade,] to indicate it.
I will agree to any fair arrangement.
Mr. BROWN. I hope the friends of this meas-
ure will agree to the proposition to postpone it
until Tuesday. It has already been indicated very
clearly, on both sides, that without violating posi-
tive agreements, or positive understandings, which
amount to agreements, the time is to be otherwise
occupied up to that day. The chairman of the
Committee on Public Lands thinks that his com-
mittee will be prepared by that day to report it,
and then the bill will take its position as though
nothing had happened, with the advantage of hav-
ing undergone the consideration of the committee
in the mean time, with all the amendments ap-
pended to it. That is a very great advantage; be-
cause I warn the friends of this measure that the
opponents of it will struggle for a rccommital; it
will become one of the trying points m contro-
versy, unless it is allowed. I propose that you
allow it to be recommitted now, as the bill is not
postponed one minute by the recommital. The
time is to be occupied to-morrow by District busi-
ness; the day after by private bills; Saturday, it
is understood, you are to adjourn over; Sunday
*is non dies; and Monday has been appropriated
to something else. Tuesday comes, and your bill
is brought back. It stands precisely where it
stands this evening at the hour of adjournment,
the first business m order Then, I say to gen-
