218
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 11,
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Quarles.
Ho. op Reps.
other rights appertain to a citizen, all must, at least, agree
that he has the right of petition, and also to claim the pro-
tection of his Government. These belong to him as a mem-
ber of the body-politic, and fhc possession of them is what
separates citizens of the iovve&t condition fiom aliens and
slaves. To buppose that a State can make an alien a cm-
zen of the State, or, to present tiic question more specifi-
cally, can confer upon him the right of voting, would in-
volve the absurdity of giving him a direct and immediate
control over the action of the General Government, from
1which he has no right to claim the protection, and to which he
has no right to present a petition*' (See specch in Senate,
April 2, 1832.)
" It will be seen that Mr. Calhoun held that the ' right
of voting' appertains to citizenship. The Supreme Court
expressed the same sentiment in orhci words; that is,that
the citizens form the soy eieiguty, hold the power, and con-
duct the Government. For the light of voting is the power
to 'conduct the Government.' Mr. Jefferson said, ^re-
public' is ' a government by its citizens in mass,' (see letter
to John Taj lor;) and again, that 'the true foundation of
republican Govei nment is the equal right of every citizen in
his person and property, and m their management.* (See
letter to Air. Kercheval.) These aie but vauous forms foi
expiessing the same fundamental principle. So general
lias bcconie this concurrence of' opinion among the most
accredited expoundeis of the Constitution} that Webster,
in his dictionary, defines a c citi/.cn' to bo,' ii^ the United
States, a pcr&on, native oi natuialized, who has the priv-
ilege of exercising the elective franchise, or the qualifications
which enable him to vote for rulers, ind to purchase and
hold leal estate;' olsewhoie he f-"ay>', 'tho right to vote tor
Governors, Senators, and Ilcpiemulative-, b a franchise
enjoyed by citizens, and not belongingto aliensMr. Mad-
ison faid (m-i; Tho Fcdeialisi. p. ~lrt .) 'The definition of
the right ot hufhnge is very ju-tly legarded as a fund,/mental
arhclc of republican government. It was incumbent on the
convention, thcicioio, to define and establish tin.* i m
llio Constitution.' And tin-, they nocnidmgly did in the
becond section or tin; aitiele, as follows : **
"vThe House ol Uepre.-entatives Mull be composed of
niembei& eho-cn cveiy second year by the pcop!c of the
soveial States; and tins cleeloi-. m each State shall have
the qualification^ requisite lor oJeefoi  ol'tbe mo.it numer-
ous Iminch of the State LiegiM.uuio.'
li Ueie tlie woids ' the people' oi tho several States aie,
as the Supreme Comt has dceUued, equivalent to • the citi-
zen^'ot'the several States, and therefme unquestionably
cxciude all but citizcns. The woul' qualihuitioii'i,' in the
last clause oi the section, excludes even a poiiion of the
citizens; such poitioa a^ maybe excluded lor wantol a
freehold, or othei - qualification ro<iui^ilo' in the ^eveial
States, fn soaie of them, at the timo the Constitution was
framed, all citizens not po.-sc~smg a'freehold' weie ex-
cluded ; while m oiheis other qualifications weie requisite
for doctor of tlie most n nine ions bunch of the 1 jcgiMunne.
In some, ail eiti/en-% weie allowed to \o!e; in none, how-
ever, was* tin; light gianted to unnaturalized foicignn-i.
Such a thought <ih allowing aliens to take pait in the elec-
tion oi incmbeis of Congre-*, ncvei M-em ■ to have occuiied
to the convention. The woul - qualification^' was unques-
tionably intended to limit, to ie&tiiet, to confine the body
01 voteis to sitch poition of the citizens as \v< ie allowed
vote in the scveial States, while the woids 'the people of
the several States*' absolutely excluded all others ; because
the aliens weie 'no part ot the hoveieignty, owing it no
allegiance, and midei no obligations to dotend it '
uUpon this point, fortunately, we are not left toconjcc-
tme. The whole debate m convention on the adoption of
thih .-eeuon of the Constitution is belote us, ami it throws
a Hood oi light upon this question. Hero is as substance
(Jouveuieur Moirtsmoved to stnke out of this section tlie
clause i elating to' quahlicn turns,' and to in-eit instead that
none but ' lieoholdeiV should vote. The debate then turned
whoilv upon tins piecise is.^uc. Mr. Wilson opposed the
mouoiiol Mr. Moins, on the giound that it would he *iiard
and dwigieeabie io cretin's from voting' tho ;e who vote foi
representative- m the State LegiMiiturec, Mr. Ellsworth
haul' tlie people will not regulaily sul^enbe to the national
Constitution if it should subject them to be disfranchised.''
Colonel Mason said, 'eight or nine States have extended
the i ight nfsuihasre ben/ond freeholders. What will the peo-
ple there say if they should be disfranchised P Mr. Butler
' oppo.-ed abiidginent.' Mr. Dickinson suppoi ted the amend-
m< nt, advocating ' rc^tnetjon of the right' of suffrage < to
freeholders.' Mi. Madison said 'the light ot sutfrage is
certainly one ot the fundamental articles of republican gov-
ernment, and ought not to be Jelt tube icgulatid by the
Legislature ' Whethei thecon^titutional qwdificationoxi"Jit
to be a freehold, would with bun depend much on the in-
ception such a change would meet with by the people, See.
In sevenal of the Slate- a freehold was now the qualifica-
tionl)t. Franklin was opposed to lthe elected nui'tow-
ing the limits of the electors.' Mr. Metcer objected to the
footing on which the qualification was put. Mi_. llutledire
opposed ' the idea of lestraining the ughtot sufiiage to the
freeholdeis.'
Tims the whole body of debaters saw in the woid 'qual-
ification ' nothing but ratnction, limitation, nr/riomny the
limits of the electors. The linal conclusion was to nariow
the liimH only whcic the States bad theniselves expiessly
done • o—that is, everywheie to lei those (iti/ens vote lor
Representatives in Congress who were peinutred to vote
lor members of the most litimeions branch ot the State
Legi^iatuie. Dnf the idea of letting alien9 vote is nor only
excluded absolutely by the ih>t clause or the section con-
fining the nght to the 1 people- or citizens, but fiom tho
whole tenor of the debate it is manifest that it did not
enter the brain oi anv solitaiy member of the convention.
u The undesigned docs not mean to assert that^Congte 5«5
can look into the constitution of a State asking for admis-
sion fuither than to see that it is republican, and not m con-
flict with that oi the United States, oi thatthc General Gov-
ernment can regulate the lightofsuffrage in the States. Far
from it. It is the right of every State to determine who of
its oun citizcns shall vote for every ofiicc; and in regard to
offices strictly municipal, the States may constitutionally,
it they choose, permit aliens to vote. But whilst the States
may confei upon aliens rights of citizeiishvp in matters per-
taining exclusively to the State, they cannot constitute the
status ofcitizenship,they cannot convert aliens into citizens;
that power having been conferred by the Constitution upon
Congress alone; and they cannot, therefore, give to aliens
the rights of citizenship in matters pertaining io the Fed-
eral Government. But to give to aliens the light to vote for
members of^thc State Legislature, as is the case in the Ore-
gon constitution, gives them incidentally a powerof eon-
tiol over eveiy department of the General Government, and
therefore it is our duty to lesist this innovation upon the
tights of the General Government at the veiy thioihhold. As
the people framed, and the States ratified, the General Gov-
ernment as it is constituted, they ate hound by every con-
sidciation of good faith to stand by it m its letter and spiut.
Whilst the rights ot the States as they have been reserved
should be sedulously maintained, those lights which have
been conceded to the General Gbvcrnment should not be
ruthlessly ignored. Especially is this true with regard to
those elemental piinciples upon which icsts its self-preser-
vation. Tho Gencial Government stands between us and
all foieign innovation oi invasion. It was established by
the citizens of the United States for their own benefit and
the benefit of those who are to become citizcns by bh thnght
oi naturalization. In ail the elective governments, in all
age*, from the time of Grecian republics down tooui time,
the right of suffiage lias been held to belong to none but
citizens. Thjs fundamental principle ot self-piescrvation
having been fully gtanted to our Geneial Government, it is
unwise and un.-afo to igrioie it, and give thoughtlessly the
destintes of such a government into the hands of those who
'owe it no allegiance,' have ' no right to claim its protec-
tion,' or even to present to it a ' petition.5
" When a State has once been admitted into the Union,
with such provision as that pointed out in the Oiegon con-
stitution, the undesigned would not counsel coucion by
the Fcdetal Government to biing about a change. But when
a Temtoi y asks to put on the gaibof State sovereignty, and
to be admitted into the Union, is, m Ins judgment, the pre-
cise point of time at winch to make thin issue Such pio-
posed State should be required to eonfoim, to use the lan-
guage of Mi. Madison, to the 'fundamental articles of
lepublicau government'—paiticulai ]} that great lust article
winch legauls a 4 republic,' to u<e the language of Mr. Jef-
ferson, as 'a government by its citizens in mass.' In this
paiticular, the Oregon constitution is not only not 'repub-
lican,' but L- in diroet conthct with the Constitution ot tho
United States. For this, and tlie loregoiug loasons, the un-
designed is constrained to withhold bis assent from the bill
admitting Oregon into the Union."
This objection to the constitution of Oregon,
so forcibly suited and so clearly and elaborately
argued, is equally applicable,as^vo have seen, to
1111,s constitution—both, in almost identical lan-
permitting unnaturalized foreigners to the
ri^ht of xulTrnpv. This ri^lit, Mr. Speaker, has
always been re^aided as one of tho highest pre-
rogatives of the citizen, in the free exercise of
winch this Government is bound to protect him;
nor is it safe or wise m us tlius to extend it to
every man of foreign birth who may choose to
make the State of Kansas his place oi* temporary
residence for six consccutivo months. It is, 1 re-
peat, sir, violative of every principle upon which
our Government is founded, and, in my judg-
ment, anti-republirnn; and the proposition to ad-
mit Kansas under it as one of the States of this
Union should, for this, if there were no other rea-
sons, be rejected, at once and peremptorily, py
this ITouse.
There is yet another reason, Mr. Speaker, why
this bill, m its present shape, should not pass, as
has been so ably and eloquently shown by my
colleague, [Mr. Maynard.] As it is now framed,
it is in open violation of a solemn treaty made by
the Government of the United States with the
Cherokee tribe of Indians. By the treaty of New
Echota, made on the 29th day of December, 1835,
the United States, in the fifth section, stipulates
with that tribe as follows:
" The United Stales heiehy covenant and agree that the
landii ceded to the Ubeiokee nation m the lorcnouis article
shall m no future time, u ithout their consent, Ix; included
within the tenitoind limits or jurisdiction of any State oi
Teintoiy. But they shall ?eeuie to the Cherokee nation
lb" nght, by then councils, to make and eai/y into effect
all Mich laws as they mav deem neeesi-aiy tor fie govern-
ment and pioteetion of tlie persons and pioperfy within
then own count!y, bclongina: to their people, oi such peiBont
as liavo connected themselves with them.-''
It must be borne in mind, Air. Speaker, that at
the time of the formation of this treaty this tribe
of semi-civilized Indians were located on lands, to
which they had tlie permanent title, within the
States of Georgia, North Carolina, and Tennes-
see;and theGovemmentoftheUnitedStates ceded
to them territory of equal extent west of the Mis-
sissippi river, in consideration that they would
relinquish their claim to the lands in the States
named; and m order that they might in till future
time be protected against the encroachments of the
white man, they demanded and obtained from our
Government a guarantee, in so many words, that
the territory thus ceded in exchange for theirs
should never be included within the limits or juris-
diction of any State or Territory of tho United
States. This, sir, was not a gift on our part to
thein; this land was not ceded to this tribe of In-
dians in charity; they gave for it a fair and ade-
quate equivalent. The United States received,and
is to this day enjoying, the territory, which passed
as the consideration to the contract. And now,
sir, by the very terms of this bill, in open and fla-
grant violation of this sacred compact, in direct
and confessed violation of this treaty, a large
portion of this Indian reserve is included within
the proposed limits of the State of Kansas. Gen-
tlemen assert with seeming candor that it is not
intended to violate any of the stipulated rights of
this people, and that the proviso in the bill will
secure them m theundisturbedenjoymcntof their
possessions.
Sir, tho people of Kansas adopted an ordinance
at the time that they formed this proposed Con-
stitution. And I find in the very first section of
it, the following declaration of their intentions:
" Sections numbered sixteen and thiity-six in each town-
ship in the State, inclwhn* Indian reservations and tiust
land", shall bo granted to the State for the exclusive imp of
common schools."
Hero, sir, you see the animus—you have a so-
lution of the whole question—before the State is
admitted; and cotemporancously with the forma-
tion of their constitution, they seize upon every
sixteenth and thirty-sixth section of this land
which we have solemnly guarantied to this unfots
tunate race of human beings. I am also met witfi
the argument that the rights uf the Indians, rest-
ing in a treaty with our Government, cannot be
prejudiced by any trusts which maybe given to the
State of Kansas; and that the rights of the State
must and will be subordinated to those of the Indi-
ans secured by treaty with the United States. That,
sir, is an open question; it may or may not be so,
and must depend upon the decision of the courts;
but, sir, the respective rights of the parties, the one
holding by virtue of its constitution and sover-
eignty as a State within its limits, and the other
under its treaty guarantees from the General Gov-
ernment, is not the question here.
The United Stales not only stipulated and sol-
emnly covenanted with this nation of people that
they should have the quiet enjoyment of this ter-
ritory, but that it would never extend the terri-
torial limits or jurisdiction of any State over it.
Do you not now, sir, propose to do that very
thing? Are you not seeking by this hill to do
that which these people have the plighted faith
and word of the Government of the United States
that it would not do ? You are deliberately and
knowingly perpetrating an act which your Gov-
ernment promised and agreed—and that, too, for a
consideration—that it never would do. How dare
you thus break the faith of the JJnitrd States ?
How dare you thus sally the fair name of our
common country? Has it come to this, sir, that
the solemn treaties made by our.constituted au-
thorities aie to be infracted at pleasure? Are they
to set no bounds to the promptings of ambition—
to inteipose no obstacle to the grasnings of ava-
riccr Is this to be our code of national honor3 If
so, let it go to the world at once ; so that no na-
tion or people may hereafter be misled by our
boasted national integrity and hypocritical pro-
fessions of good faith. I desire the gentleman
who is to close this debate [Mr. Grow] to state
! if he docs not in this bill propose, in terms, to vio-
| late the fifth article of the treaty of 1835 wnh the
I Cherokee tribe of Indians? l3o not tell me, sir,
1 by way of answer, that the Kansas and Nebraska
! bill violated it also, or that the Lecompton con-
stitution sought equally the despoilment of this
i people. I care not what this party or that party
i may have done, or intended to do. That is no
: justification for our action. What are you seek-
ing now to do ? Sir, I have no veneration for a
hoary iniquity, and have yet to learn that that
which was wrong bccame light by bcingrepeatcd.
Sir, the foul and nefarious act of Russia, Prussia,
and Austria, in blotting Poland from the map of
Europe, to satisfy then lusts for empire and do-
minion, may be imitated, but not excused.
Mr. G-OOCH. I did not rest my defense of this
bill on the ground that the same thing was con-
