640
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31.
Speakership, I would, in deference to my own
judgment, in deference to my Democratic constitu-
ents, and with regard to the true state of the public
mirnl, prefer tenfold to vote for a Democrat who
represents Mr. Douglas's views, rather than for
onejirho declares "that he intends to agitate and
favor the abstract proposition of a slave code for
the organized Territories.
, There is one class of Democrats X will never
vote for. If there is a man on this floor, of any
party, who will rise in his place and say that the
election of Mr. Sherman- or Mr. Pennington to
that post—the Speakership—or that the election
of William H. Seward pr Salmon P. Chase, or
any other Republican, to the Presidency, would
be good cause for them to counsel resistance by
force, I would not give my support to any such
man. But I do not know that either of the gen-
tlemen whose names are suggested—cither the
gentleman from Virginia or the gentleman from
Illinois—occupies that position. I speak now in
their presence. I mean to assert what I believe
to be thcirposition on that subject. If I am wrong,
I ask them, as a personal favor, as a duty, to un-
deceive me in that regard. They will vote, as is
their right, to defeat any candidate to whom they
are opposed. If they are defeated fairly in a pop-
ular election; when the ballot-box has indicated
the will of the people, if that will be in opposition
to their own judgment; if Mr. Seward, or Mr.
Cliase, or any other Republican be elected Presi-
dent, they will, I am sure, be willing to salute
him as the Chief Magistrate of the country. I
go further, and say that they are in favor of re-
specting and recognizing all his constitutional
authority, and would counsel all others to do so.
And the only force they would counsel, in such
event, would be that force which might be neces-
sary to teach others to submit likewise to such
constitutional authority. I understand that to be
the position of the gentleman from Illinois. But,
Mr. Clerk, these interruptions have led me off
from what. I intended to say. I rose to address
myself to my southern friends who have been
voting for the gentleman from North Carolina,
[Mr. Smitii.] I beg leave to say to them that, if
they feel themselves under any obligation to vote
for a Democrat, it would notjie, perhaps, in good
faith for them to stickle, under existing circum-
stances, in regard to the person whom the Dem-
ocratic party may present.
Mr. HILL. My friend ft0111 Tennessee dis-
claims having had any instrumentality m bringing
about the presentation of Mr. Smith's name. 1
will do myself the justice to say that I have never
had any conference with any number of gentle-
men of the Democratic party as to the propriety of
presenting Mr. Smiths name for the Speaker-
ship. The first I heard of it was at a meeting of
my own party friends, where his name was sug-
gested and talked over in connection with other
names; and it was urged there that, because, of
his own peculiar position—lie not being excep-
tional,as most of us were, by reason of our Amer-
ican sentiments—he was the most available man
that we could present on this side of the Cham-
ber.
That was the reason of his nomination. I had
no instrumentality in it, although 1 would not
disclaim it if I had, because I am satisfied with
my own vote, and regret, exceedingly that Mr.
Smith was not successful.
Mr. ETHER1DGE. I do not wish to protract
this discussion. I have spoken longer than I had
intended. [Cries of" Vote!"] 1 took the floor,
as I stated, for the purpose of saying to some of
my southern friends that they ought not to be too
fastidious in regard to the person whom the Dem-
ocratic party present as their candidate. That
was the mam object I had in view. I was inci-
dentally drawn oiT into this discussion of other
matters. I desire only to say to my own friends,
who have been so zealous heretofore to bring
about an organization between the Democratic
party and the southern Opposition, that I thmk
1 they ought to defer a great deal to the Democratic
party in this their great emergency.
Mr. REAGAN. I wish to say only a word
or two. [Loud cries of " Vote!" "Vote!"] I
will not trespass upon the patience of the House.
I simply ask permission to do an act of justice to
myself and my political friends, against what
seems to me to be rather an insidious and un-
called for attack. It has been charged here this
morning that the American party have not been
consulted as to the name which should be pre-
sented to the consideration of this side of the-
House. I do not know that there was a formal
meeting of that party for that purpose; but mem-
bers of all political complexions and parties on
this side of the House were consulted. I might
have said the same thing, if 1 had been disposed
to interpose a factious resistance to an effort fairly
to organize the House upon a conservative basis,
when the name of the gentleman from North Car-
olina [Mr. Smitii] was presented. I had not been
consulted about his nomination. The Democratic
party had not been consulted about it. He was
brought forward by his political friends; yet, we
did not rise and complain that we had not been
consulted; nor did any man rise here and try in-
sidiously. and unfairly, and unpatnotically, as I
believe, to induce a political family quarrel to pre-
vent the organization of the House by electing
him.
Sir, wo presented, I am proud to say, a very
different spectacle to this nation. The gentleman
from North Carolina was presented as the caucus
nominee of the American party, and it was so
avowed by members of his own party. Yet we
raised no insidious discussion about the difference
of opinion, between the initiated and the ^ini-
tiated there; but, sir, we came forward, resigning
our own political preferences—eighty men re-
signing their political preferences—and made an
earnest effort to secure his election.
I say, Mr. Clerk, that wc had the right to have
expected some sort of return for that magnanim-
ity. But now, when we present the name of a
man whose record, as I remarked before, in past
Congresses, is one that any man might be justly
proud of; when we present a name that can com-
mand not only the conservative vote, but a name
which can command, perhaps, some votes which
that of no other genLleman on this side of the
House can command; when wc have presented
:;uch a name, and asked for a faithful effort to elect
him, we are met upon the threshold by the sug-
gestion of another name by one member of the
southern Opposition; and that is followed by the
effort, upon the part of another member of the
southern Opposition, to introduce discord and col-
lision between different shades of political opinion
on tins side of the House. I can only say that
we had the right to expect better, more manly,
moie ingenuous conduct, upon such an occasion
as this.
One word more, and I have done. An artful
allusion was made to the fact that this vote might
have some connection with the presidential elec-
tion. Sir, for one, I am not voting for a President
in this election. I repudiate every such motive.
My object was, and is now, to elect a worthy,
able, and honest man as Speaker of this House,
by uniting the conservative elements of the House.
That has been my only purpose. It has had no
connection with the coming presidential conflict.
I wish gentlemen to look at the business in hand,
and not attempt to shape everything now to what
-may happen hereafter. Perhaps, if I had been
controlled by my presidential preferences, I should
not have done what I have done. If I had been
controlled by my presidential preferences, I would
not have voted for the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Botelkr;] I would not have voted for the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Maynard;] for
the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.Smith;]
or for any other man whose political opinions
differed from mine. I did not think I was voting
for President then; I thought I was casting a vote,
by a patriotic sacrifice of political preferences, for
a national man to be placed in the Speaker's chair,
for the purpose of securing the defeat of the com-
mon enemy of all conservative principles, the
enemy of the Constitution—the Republican party.
Mr. IvlILLSON. Mr. Clerk, I rise to second
warmly and cordially the nomination of the gen-
tleman from Illinois, and to express my earnest
and deep regret that there should not be that una-
nimity m his support among the members of this
House who have heretofore opposed the Repub-
lican candidate, thatrecent circumstances gave us
some right to expect.
In supporting my friend from Illinois, of course
I am not committing myself to the assertion of
every political doctrine which he may entertain. I
am not voting as some gentlemen said they should
vote—in the straight line of their politics. Sir, do
not gentlemen attach too much importance to this
Speakership ? Should we all vote in the line of
our politics, pray tell me if there is a member on
this floor who could command the support of a
single gentleman here?. There are no two things
in the material or spiritual world exactly alike.
There may be resemblance, but never identity;
and it may be confidently said, that there are no
two minds which are the exact reflex of one an-
other. And if that consideration may inspire re-
gret at times that our minds cannot resemble the
minds of some other persons, wo may, perhaps,
find one consolation in the compensating advant-
age that wc are compelled to differ from some
others.
Sir, the gentleman who is to occupy the Speak-
er's chair, is not the representative of-the House.
He remains the representative of his own constit-
uents, and there is no committal, no surrender of
political doctrines, in giving a vote to anyperson
as the presiding officer of this body. Ho is only
the organ of the House. It is only as Speaker
that he is responsible to the House. His func-
tions are aptly described in the celebrated reply of
Mr. Speaker Lentliall, who, when King Charles
demanded to know of some proceedings of the
House,replied," I am but the organ of the House,
may it please your Majesty, and have neither ears
to hear, nor eyes to sec, but as it directs."
And now, let me suggest to gentlemen on both
sides of the House, that*is to say, to my Demo-
cratic associates as well as to the members of the
southern Opposition, that, when they decline to
support any gentleman as Speaker of this House
because of votes that he has given in past time,
or opinions entertained at the present time, unac-
ceptable to themselves, they unwittingly and un-
consciously, indeed, but still really and truly,
assume a position somewhat—I say it with all
kindness—somewhat arrogant. Sir, it implies that
the party making the objection kno'ws himself to
be right. It implies that the other is wrong and
knows himself to be wrong. Itimplies that he is
willfully and intentionally wrong, and it assumes
the privilege of punishing him for this offense
against truth. *
Now, I have voted for various gentlemen upon
the floor without any compunction, without any
difficulty, without any hesitation; because I be-
lieved that I was voting only for- a presiding offi-
cer; and that, in selecting a fit and competent per-
son as the organ of this House, I was discharging
my duty to my constituents here.
Of the gentleman from Illinois, who I have
known for many years, I take pleasure in saying
that, from my long acquaintance with him—our
services here having endured for a period of more
than ten years—that is to say, the commencement
of my acquaintance with him dated back to more
than ten years ago—I have it in my power to say,
from a close observation of that gentleman, that,
while his piofessional qualities are undoubted,
while his personal character is unquestioned, and
by universal concession without blot or stain, his
political opinions have been such as to commend
him strongly to the confidence and generous sup-
port of those gentlemen who have been attempt-
ing to defeat the nominee of the Republican party.
My friend from New York just now referred to
the celebrated contest of 1848, and that reminded
mo that during that year my friend from Illinois,
as a member of this House, was one of the few
northern Democrats, one of the thirteen or fourteen
northern Democrats out of a body of more than
fifty, who, even then, in anticipation of the gen-
eral change among the northern Democracy, gave
his vote here in opposition to the endeavor to
ingraft the Wilmot proviso upon the legislation
of the country. I remember it, and remember it
gratefully; and feeling that the election of the Re-
publican candidate at the present crisis, interest-
ing as it is, portentous as we all feel it to be,
wouid involve consequences much to be deplored.
I mean, of course, in their future developments,
I trust that all those who have heretofore opposed
the candidate of the Republican party will unite
with us in an earnest effort to elcct the gentleman
from Illinois to the position of presiding officer of
this body.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. One word. Mr.
Clerk, I am a western Democrat. I voted for the
gentleman from North Carolina for the reasons
stated by me on Friday, without embarrassment
and without reluctance. I voted for him yester-
