THE OONGEESSICMAi* GLOBE,
June 4>
to that practical ijuestion. " The session of the
Senate is drawing to a close. Tittle has been
■wasted in general declamation on other subjects.
When this was brought up, I had supposed it
would be debated with reference to its real mer-
its; so that we should come to a common under-
standing and vote understandingly. The hon-
orable Senator from Vermont, who opened this
debate, [Mr. CoLlamer,] gave his reasons why
he thought Kansas ought to be admitted. Those
reasons are not satisfactory to me; and I shall
give my reasons on the opposite side; but as for
this idea of taking up the abstract or general sub-
ject of slavery, it is too ridiculous and contempt-
ible to merit my attention.
Sir, the admission of a State applying at the
doors of Congress for admission is a solemn
subject for consideration. It is not to be lightly
treated under any circumstances. There are now
thirty-three States voluntarily, by their own ac-
tion, having entered into this Confederacy. The
admission of any new State may interfere with
the rights of the States already admitted; and be-
sides, it is a matter of contract, of compact, of
agreement, and once decided is beyond the power
of Congress to change. Unlik® ordinary acts of
legislation, where, if we commit an error, that error
can be rectified, in this case if we make a mistake
and do what is wrong with reference to any of
the points touching the propriety of the admis-
sion of a State, that wrong is beyond the remedy
of the whole power of the Federal Government.
Wc cannot expel a State, whether rightfully ad-
mitted, wrongfully admitted, or properly admit-
ted. Whatever may be the circumstances, it is a
contract which neither party can violate without
the assent of the other. As for the right of seces-
sion upon the part of a State, I shall not stop to
discuss that. It is not before us; but as to the
duty of Congress in considering the propriety of
the admission of a State, in view of the fact that
we cannot expel a State, I shall address myself
to the judgment of honorable Senators.
Mr. PEARCE. Will tho Senator from Mis-
souri allow me a single remark ? I would ask
him whether he desires to go on with his speech
this evening.
Mr. GBIEEN. I would prefer not; but I am
■willing to go on.
Mr. PEARCE. Then I move to postpone the
prior orders,"with a view to take up the Army
appropriation bill.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire to have this ques-
tion proceeded with to a vote, and I desire to have
it done now. If the Senator from Missouri pre-
fers not to go oil, I suppose courtesy requires us
to fix another day; but I wish to be understood,
and I take it the honorable Senator from Missouri
will agree with me, as desiring that this question
shall not, by simply being deferred, be over-
slaughed and never seen again..
Mr. PEAllCE. That is not intended by my
motion.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish something done to
keep it alive, and I trust that if it is to be de-
ferred, we shall have some specific time fixed for
resuming its consideration.
Mr. GREEN. 1 beg leave to suggest to the
honorable Senator from Vermont, that I do not
desire to postpone it. I would prefer speaking
at some other time, and I have a very short speech
to make. It is all pertinent to the question. It
does not branch off into those impertinent ques-
tions that ought not to come before the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bigleu
in the chair.) The Senator from Vermont has
the floor unless he yields.
Mr. SUMNER. Will the Senator yield to mo
one minute ?
Mr. COLLAMER. Certainly.
Mr. SUMNER. Before this question passes
away, I think I ought to make (though perhaps
there is no occasion for it) a reply to the Senator
from South Carolina. ["No."] Only one word.
I exposed to-day the barbarism of slavery 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on postponing.
Mr. SUMNER. I understand that. I believe
that what the Senator has stated to-day, in reply
to me, I may well print in an appendix to my
speexh as an illustration.
Mr. HAMMOND. I hope he will do it.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire, if this matter goes
over, that we may have a fixed day and hour for
taking it up; but, as the Senator from Missouri
says ne is willing to proceed at this time,l prefer
that he should do so.
Mr. GREEN. I am -willing to go on.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Maryland
to postpone the further consideration of the sub-
ject for the present.
The motion was not agreed to,
Mr. GREEN. Mr. President, as I before re-
marked, I have no general speech to make; but I
have some explanations -with reference to the
principles involved in this application of the State
ofKansas for admission into theUnion; but with-
out order I cannot proceed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
must insist on order being preserved; there is too
much conversation in the Hall.
Mr. MASON. If the Senator will give me the
floor a moment, I will move that the Senate ad-
journ.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope not. We have
too much business.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 29, hays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Benjamin, Bragg, Brown, Chesnut,
Clingman, Crittenden, Davis, Fitch, Fitzpatrick, Foot,
Green, lfaimnond, llc-niphill, Xverson, Johnson of Tennes-
see, Kennedy, Lane, Latham, Mason, Nicholson, Pearce,
Polk, Powell, Rice, Saulsbury, Toombs, Wade, Wigt'ali,
and Yulee—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bigler, Bingham, Chandler,
Clark, Collamer, Dixon, Durkee, Fe^enden, Foster,
Grimes, Hale, Harlan, King, Seward, Simmons, Sumner,
Ten Kyck, Trumbull, Wilkinson, and Wilson—21.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, June 4, 1860.
The House metat eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
CALL OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. THOMAS. It is manifest there is no quo-
rum present, and I move that there be a call of
the House.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HAR.R1S, of Virginia. There will be a
quorum here before the Clerk finishes the reading
of the Journal, and there is no use in wasting tune
in a call of the House.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I hope the gentleman
will withdraw the motion.
Mr. BURNETT. There is no quorum here,
and we have no right to do business.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The reading of the
Journal is not business.
Mr. BURNETT. I object, unless there is a
quorum present.
The roll was then called, when the following
members failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. Alley, Thomas L. Anderson, Ashmuie, Babbitt,
BaiksdfHe, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Boeock, Binneh,Hro\vn,
Burnham, Burroughs, Buttcrfield, Campbell, Carey, Horace
F. Clark, Clemen^, Clark B. Cochrane, Jolsn Oochiane,
Conkling, Cox, J.unes Craig, Reuben Davi«, Do Jarnotte,
Dunmick, Ely, Florence, Fouko, Frank, Garnett, Gooch,
Grow, Ilaskin. Jlawkms, Hill, Humphrey, ilutchins, Jack-
son, Jenkins, Keitt, Kunkci, Lamar, Larrabee, Lo^an,
Love, Lovejoy, Maiston, Elbert S. Martin, McClernand,
McQueen, McHae, Miles, Milhvard, Montgomery, Isaac
N. Morris, Morse, Nj black, Nixon. Olin, Palmer, Pendleton,
Pettit, Rust, idcott, Serantoii, Sedgwick, Sickles, Single-
ton, William Smith, Somes, Stallworth, William Stewart,
Theaker, Underwood, Van Wyck, Waidron, Cadwaladei
C. Washburn, Wilson, Wood, and Woodruff.
A quorum having answered to their names, by
unanimous consent all further proceedings in the
call were dispensed with.
The Journal of Saturday was then read and
approved.
The SPEAKER stated that the business first
in order was the call of committees for reports,
for reference only, during one hour.
Mr. CARTER. I ask the permission of the
House to report a bill merely for reference,
Mr. STANTON. I call for the regular order
of business.
POST OFFICE DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr.SHERMx\N. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to report back the.
Post Office deficiency bill, with the amendments"
of the Senate thereto. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend that the second and fourth
amendments be concurred in, and that the first and
third amendments be non-concurred in. I hope
the House will consent to act upon the amend-
ments at this time, so that a committee of confer-
ence may be appointed.
There being no objection, the bill was taken up
for action on the Senate amendments.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the previous ques-
tion upon the Senate amendments.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
First amendment:
Strike out as follows: "Provided, That the Postmaster
General is heffcby directed to restore the inland service 01*
all the routes under contract on tho -4th March, 1859, unless
the same have expired by their own limitation, or where
improved service over said routes has been furnished by
railroads or otherwise; also,route 6010,by steamer Isabel,
shall be restored, at the rate of &50,000 per year, from
Charleston to Savannah, via Key West, till the 30th of June,
1863; and where the service has been actually performed
by the contractor, notwithstanding such discontinuance,
the Postmaster Geneial shall pay the contractor as if no
change had been oidered; but the PostmasterGeneral shall
not be required to restore the service on any of said loutes
beyond one daily mail each way, nor interfere with any
changes of service that may have been made without re-
duction of price: Provided further, That the appropriation
In-rein made shall be so construed as to embrace those made
by tho joint resolution ( for the relief of the contractors of
the Post Office Department,'approved 28th March, 1S60;
And provided further, That nothing herein contained shall
be construed so as to renew tho mail service on the Cum-
berland river above Clarksviile, in the State of Tennes-
see and in lieu of it insert:
And the Postmaster GeneiaJ is hereby authorized and
required to advertise for proposals, and contiaet with the
lowest responsible bidder or bidders, for the transportation
of the United States mail, in steamships, troin Charleston,
South Carolina, via Savannah, Georgia, to Key West,
Florida, and back, twice a month, or oltener, from the 1st
day of July, 1860, to the 30th of June, 1864, inclusive, at
such sum as he may tbmk reasonable, not to exceed
$50,000 per annum.
Mr, SHERMAN. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a non-concurrence in that
amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Second amendment:
Page two, line twenty-five, after the word " pouchc," in-
sert " wrapping and piinting paper, mail locks and keys,
and stampsso that the paragraph would read:
For mail bags, $27,500; and out of the. same the Post-
master General shall pay to the contiactors for furnishing
leather mail pouche?;, wrapping and printing paper, mail
locks and keys, stamps and blanks, interest at the rate of
six per centum on all sums: heretofoie due said contractors,
and which remained unpaid for want of fund:-, from the
time said sums were due to the day when the pimcipal
sums wcte m fact paid.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence in that
amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. MILLSON. My attention was diverted
for the moment, and I did not even notice that
this bill had been taken up. 1 move to reconside'r
the vote by which the first amendment of the Sen-
ate was disagreed to.
Mr. COLFAX. I am informed by Senator^
that in committee of confercnce this matter will
be adjusted so as to accommodate any difficulty
there is between the two Houses.
Mr. MILLSON. It is for that very reason that
I desire to move to reconsider.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
iay the motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. MILLSON. I have not yielded the floor.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is the mo-
tion debatable?
The SPEAKER It is not; the main question
having been ordered.
Mr. MILLSON. I was not aware that the pre-
vious question had bcuncallcd.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the pre-
vious question had not been ordered, I should not
have interrupted the gentleman.
Mr. HOUSTON. I call for the yea3 and nays
upon the motion to lay on the table.
M r. ED WARDS. 1 rise to a question of order.
I wish to know whether the motion to reconsider
is in order after the House has proceeded to the
consideration of another amendment?
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes the mo-
tion is in order.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 114, nays 57; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Croen Adams, Adiain, Aldriel), Wil-
liam C. Anderson, Ashley, -Barret, Bingham, Blake, Bou-
li^ny, Bray ton, Bilges, Bristow", Butfmton, fiureil, Burliu-
game, Burnham, JButtetfielcb Carey, Carter, Case, John
