1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28® 
B.Clark, Colfax, Covodc, Cox, Curtis, II. Winter Davis,
Dawe*, Dimmick, Ducll, Dunn,Edgeiton, Edwards, Eliot,
Engiish> Etheridge, Farnbworth, Fenton, Ferry, Florence,
Foster, Fiench, Oilmer. Gooch, Graham, Gurley, Hale,
Hall, Haskin, Ilatton, flehnick, Ilickman, Hoaid, Holman,
William A. Howard, Humphrey, Irvine, Junkin, Francis
W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Ivenyon, Kilgoro, KiUinger,
DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, Longneeker, Loomia, Lovejov,
Marston, Maynard, MclCcan,McKnight, McPherson, Mont-
gomery, Moorhead, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris, Isaac N.
Morris, Nelson, Niblack, Xoell, Perry, Pettit, Porter, Pot-
ter, Pottle, Quailes, Reynolds, Rice, Christopher Robinson,
Royee, Sevvartz, Scott, Sherman, Spauldmg, Spinner, Ste-
vens, William Stewart, Stout, Stratton, Tappan, Thayer,
Theaker, Tompkins Train, Trimble, Vandever, Verree,
Waldron, Walton, Ellihu B. Wa&hburne, Israel Wa&hbum,
Wells, Whiteley, Windoin, Woodruff", and Woodson—114.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles F Adam*, Allen, Ashmore,
Avery, Barr, Bonham, Boyce, Brabson, Burnett, Clopton,
Cobb, John Coehiane, Burton Craige, Crawford, Curry,
Davidson, John G. Davis, JBdmundson, Gaitrell, Hamilton,
Hardeman, Hill, Hindman, Houston, William Howard,
Hughes, Jones, Kunkei, Landrum, J amosM.Leach, Leako,
Maelay, Mallory, Chniies D. Maitm, McQueen, Millson,
Pendleton, Peyton, JMielp*, Pryor, Reagan, ltiggs, James
C. Robinson, itulfin, Rust, Snnms, William N. 11. Smith,
Stanton, Stevenson, James A. Stewart, Stokes, Thomas,
ValFandigham, Vance, Web&tei, and YViight—57.
So the motion to rcconsider was laid on the
table.
Before the vote was announced,
Mr. RUFFINTON stated that his colleague,
Mr. Alley, had been called home by sickness in
his family, and had paired off for the day with
Mr. Pugh.
Mr. STEWART, of Pennsylvania, stated that
his colleague, Mr. Babbitt, was detained at his
room by sickness.
Mr. TAYLOR stated that he had paired with
Mr. Blair.
Mr. COLFAX stated that Mr. Craig, of Mis-
souri, and Mr. Campbell had paired on all polit-
ical questions for this week.
Mr. HAWKINS said he had paired with Mr.
Sedgwick.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Third amendment:
Page 3, line three, after the word " blanks," strike out
"ten''and insert '• liity-lourso as t© make the para-
graph read:
Foi Post Office blanks, $M,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a non-concurrcncein that
amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fourth amendment;
At the end of the bill add the following, as a new section:
Sec. 4. And be it further cnacteil,'Vhnt whenever any
contractor in the yervice of the Pu^t Office1 Dcpaitment
shall, at any time between tnc 3d day ot Maich, 1851), and
the 1st day of Apnl, I860, have taiie-d to peitorm the sci vice
agreeable to iliuteiin^ ut hi^eontiaetand thunder and reg
ulatLons of the Department, and the Postmaster Grnoial
Shall be j-atisfied, liom Use testimony heloie him,that Mich
failure was occasioned 1>) the inability ol the Dopaitment
to make payment to r-uch eontractoi tor ^eiviee pertoimed
undei his eontiaet, growing out of the deieatofihe appio-
puation bill toi the Mippoit of tiie Depaitnient for the pa>t
year, tlien the -aid P<Htmust«t Genetal shall have powei
by order to relieve andab^olve * ueh contraclnrliomall the
disabilities and peeuiuaiy responsibilities which, under
the existing laws and ) emulations, would attach to such
failuie.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee of W«);s
and Means recommend a concurrence in this
amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the Committee had ex-
amined, and found truly enrolled, an act (H. It.
No. 520) directing the conveyance of a lot of
ground for the use of the public schools of the
city of Washington; when the Speaker signed
the same.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I give notice from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, that at two o'clock I
will move that the rules be suspended, and the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on tin* stale of the Union to take up the
Post Off
right."]
Mr. ELIOT. Has the morning hour expired?
The SPEAKER. It has not.
J. W. DYER AND OTHERS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, from the Com-
mittee oil Commerce, reported back Senate bill
No.'237, for the relief of J. W. Dyer, A. L. Dyer,
and W. W. Dyer, with a recommendation that
it do pass; which was referred to a Committee of
- e up
Post Office appropriation bill. [Cries of "That's
the Whole House, and, with the accompanying
report, ordered to be printed.
FRANCIS IIUTTMAN.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE, from the Commit-
tee on Commerce, reported back Senate bill No.
143, for the relief of Francis Hiittman, with a
recommendation that it do pass; which was re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House, and,
with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
MISSOURI LAND ENTRIES.
Mr. THAYER, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, reported a bill to confirm certain en-
tries of land in the State of Missouri; which was
read a first and second time, referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and, with the accom-
panying report, ordered to be printed.
•LOCATION OF CERTAIN LAND WARRANTS.
Mr. THAYER, from the same committee, also
reported back Senate bill, No. 199, to authorize the
location of certain warrants for bounty lands here-
tofore issued, with a recommendation that it do
pass; which was referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and, with the accompanying re-
port, ordered to be printed.
POINT COUPEE.
Mr. THAYER, from the same committee, also
reported back Senate bill, No. 258, to grant to the
parish of Point Coupee, Louisiana, certain tracts
of land in said parish, with a recommendation
that it do pass; which was referred to a Commit-
tee of the Whole House, and, with the accom-
panying report,ordered to be printed.
FIXING MEANING OF TIIE WORD "MINIMUM."
Mr. COBB. I am directed by the Committee
on Public Lands to report back House bill No.
50, to construe the word "minimum," in the
price of public lands, with the recommendation
that it do now pass, with an amendment m the
nature of a substitute. I hope that there will be
no objection to putting the bill on its passage at
this time. Before the question is taken, I ask
the Clerk to read a letter from the Secretary of
the Treasury recommending the passage of the
bill.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. I object.
Mr. COBB. Then I will have the letter read
as a part of illy speech.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. I object to the
consideration of the bill, and not to the reading
of the letter.
Mr. COBB. Can the gentleman do that?
The SPEAKER. Objection can be made.
Mr. COBB. Then I withhold my report until
another time. This is a bill which ought to pass.
CERTAIN SETTLERS IN IOWA.
Mr. VANDEVER, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported back Senate bill No. 371,
for the relief of certain settlers in the State of
Iowa, with a recommendation that it do pass;
which was referred to a Committee of thfe Whole
House, and, with the accompanying report, or-
dered to be printed.
GRANT OF FIVE SECTIONS TO IOWA.
Mr. VANDEVER, from the same committee,
also reported back Senate joint resolution No. 2,
removing all obstructions upon a certain grant of
five sections of land to the State of Iowa, with a
recommendation that it do pass; which was re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House, and,
with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
* REISSUE OF LAND WARRANTS.
Mr. VANDEVER, from the same committee,
also reported a bill to authorize the reissue of
laud warrants in certain eases, and for other pur-
poses; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
NEW LAND DISTRICT IN OREGON.
Mr. VANDEVER, from the same committee,
also reported back House bill No. 178, creating a
new land district in the State of Oregon, with a
recommendation that it do pass; which was re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
RAILROAD GRANTS TO IOWA.
Mr. VANDEVER, from the same committee,
also reported back House bill No. 156, making
grants of land to the State of Iowa-, in alternate
sections, to aid in the construction of railroads in
said State, with a recommendation that it do pass;
which was referred to the Committee of the-
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to-
be printed.
PUBLIC LAND SALES.
Mr. VANDEVER, from the same committee,
also reported back House bill No. 162, authorizing
the proper accounting officers of the United Stages
Treasury; to audit and pay over to the Steele of
Wisconsin five per cent, of the proceeds of the
sales of the public lands within said State, with
a recommendation that it do pass; which was
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
ALEXANDER CROSS.
Mr. TAPPAN, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of Alexander Cross;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and, with
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
GEORGE II. HOTZMAN.
Mr. TAPPAN, from the Committee of Claims,
moved that that committee bo discharged from the
further consideration of the petition and papers
of George H. Hotzman, and that they be referred
to the Committee of Accounts.
It was ordered accordingly.
JAMES HARRIS.
Mr. TAPPAN, from the same committee,
moved that thatcommittee be discharged from the
further consideration of the case of James Harris,
and that it be referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims.
It was ordered accordingly. -
ISAAC LILLET.
Mr. HALL, from the same committee,reported
a bill for the relief of Isaac Lilley; which was read
a first and second time, referred to a Committee
oftlie Whole House, and, with the accompanying
report, ordered to be printed.
LAND OFFICES.
Mr. BARRET, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, reported a bill making further provision
relative to consolidating land officcs; which Vas
read s. first and second time, referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and the bill and re-
port ordered to be printed.
UNITED STATES MAIL.
Mr. ADAMS, of Kentucky, from the Commit-
tee. on the Post Office and Post Roads, reported
a bill to provide for the transportation of the mail
of the United States, between the United States
and the Repubha of Mexico; which was read a
first and second time, referred back to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads, and or- .
dered to be printed.
Mr. A DAMS, of Kentucky, from the same com-
mittee, also reported back, with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass, a bill (H. R. No. 715) to es-
tablish a mail six times a week from Sacramento,
in California, to Olympia, in the Territory of
Washington; which was read a first and second
time, referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
A. BLEDSO AND. OTHERS.
Mr. ADAMS, of Kentucky, from the same com-
mittee, also reported a bill for the relief of A.
Bledso, William Bryson, William C. Scott, Wil-
liam Doty,and others; which was read a first and
second time, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the accompanying report, or-
dered to be printed.
POST OFFICE AT BROOKLYN.
Mr. COLFA X, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported back bill H. R.
No. 713, for the construction of a post office ill
the city of Brooklyn, New York; which was read
a first and second time.
Mr. COLFAX. As the committee were equally
divided on this bill, I am instructed by them to
report it back without recommendation. And I
desire to add that, had it not been that the com-
mittee, early in the session, decided that they
would not recommend any new-appropriations for
