220
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 11,
36th Gong.... 1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—-Mr. Garnett.
Ho. cu? Reps.
on the other hand, it did submit a certain ordi-
nance to the popular vote, and required its ratifi-
cation as a condition of the admission of Kansas.
I take it that there was nobody in this House, or
in the country, so obtuse as not to understand
this arrangement was neither more nor less than
an evasion and waiver of the point in dispute—a-
waivcr of the point in dispute, as some thought,
for the peace of the whole country, and, as others
thought, for the peace and harmony of the Dem-
ocratic party; and I think both were just and le-
gitimate objects.
But, sir, so far as we of the South were con-
cerned, what had we to gain by a waiver of the
dispute? Could the continuation of the dispute
destroy the harmony of the Democratic party at
the South? Could it weaken our position in any
point whatever ? We knew, day by day and hour
by hour, that the South was becoming more in-
tensely Democratic, as it was proved that the Dem-
ocratic party North was the only party which
gave the slightest symptoms of feeling in favor of
the protection of our rights. We knew that no
destiny or power could prevent the South from
becoming unanimously Democratic in the course
of a few years.
It was manifest that we were already defeated
on the admission of Kansas under the Lccompton
constitution. Why not confess it upon the record?
Why not acknowledge the factJ We had no ob-
jection to the confession. Then I say that we of
the southern Democracy had nothing to gam by
this waiver. The gentlemen who had something
to gain, as they supposed, were the members of
the Democratic party at the North, where it might
still bea question. They had something to gain;
and, for one, I desired to assist them so far as I
could. They had something to gain by preserv-
ing the party organization, by promoting harmony
. in Us ranks, and by removing a subject of con-
• t tention and difference of opinion.
N# Mr. Speaker, the condition made to induce us
to consent to that waiver is to be found m the last
section uf the English bill, without which, 1 ven-
ture to say, not twenty men in the southern Dem-
ocratic party could ever have been induced to vote
for it. Ilcre it is:
" The peoploof t-aul Territory hereby authorized and
empowcied to Conn Ibi llicniM'lve-. a constitution ami State
government, by the name of tjio State of Kaiwis, aeeoidiw;
to ibe I'VdcMll'Oiistmmoii; and may elect delegate* foi that
puipo -o whrnevei ,and not before, it is ascei tamed by acfii-
6ii'' duly ami legally taken, that the population of said Tern-
toiy equal* or exceeds the ratio of representation requued
ioi'u momlvr ot th<> flouse of Iloprctientativosof the Con-
gress of the Hulled Slates."
The language is emphatic. It says " ichcnever,
and -not before, it is ascertained." IIow> " By a
census duly and legally taken." That is the con-
dition, I repeat, without fear of contradiction,
winch scoured the passage of the English bill.
We southern Democrats had nothing, so far as our
section was concerned, to gain by its passage. We
knew that we were defeated. We confessed it
by the bill, and we did not hope or care to conceal
the fact. But we did desire, if possible, to strengthen
the position of the Democratic partyat the North,
and we were willing to do it on that condition—a
condition which -was written in as plain words as
the English language could supply.
1 trust, sir, that the House will excuse me if I
refer to myself in this connection. I do it merely
from the fact that I was not in the city of Wash-
ington when this bill was reported, and my own
vote on it was m some degree in doubt, and thus
I was in more immediate connection with circum-
stances which gave peculiar meaning and signifi-
cance to that clause. When I came back here
from the country, I found the bill before the House,
and my fnst impression was that £ would vote
against it. I remember having conference after
conference with gentlemen who, like myself, were
in doubt on the subject.
There was the distinguished and lamented mem-
ber from Mitssissipi, General Quitman. There
wore the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr.
Boxiiam,] my own lamented colleague, Dr.Goodc,
the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Stallwortii,]
Mr! Shorter, of Alabama, the predecessor of the
gentleman who sits near me, [Mr. Pugii,] and oth-
ers. We consulted together; and we determined,
if that clause of the bill would be fairly carried out,
we would vote for it; though even to this our
friends,General Quitman and the gentleman from
SouthCar^ina, [Mr.BouHAM,] dissented. Wede-
tcrmined that, unless there could be some under-
standing to that effect, we would not vote for it.
Recollect, the fate of the bill hung upon our votes.
We went so far as to make a proposition to the
committccsof conference of the Senate and House
that certain resolutions which, I think, had been :
previouly introduced by General Quitman, fixing ;
and defining the rule for the admission of new
States, should be brought forward by the Demo- ;
cratic party in this House and passed by those
who passed tlje bill.
1 well remember, after one of these conferences,
my friend from South Carolina [Mr. Keitt] un-
dertook to communicate between usand the mem-
bers of the committees of conferencc—the Demo-
cratic members of those committees. I remember
that he came back to us with the assurance that
their whole strength and influence would be given
to the passage of such a declaration. If I am
wrong, my friend will correct me. I see he as-
sents to my statement.
It was under these circumstances that wo were
induced to go for the English bill. A caucus of
the Democratic party was assembled in this Hail,
at which I was present; and, as I believe, resolu-
tions equivalent to this clause, and applicable to
all future cases, except Oregon and Minnesota,
would have passed, had it been deemed necessary
to press them. It was understood that this dec-
laration should not apply to Minnesota and Or-
egon, for they had bcOn proposed as States before.
It was understood that they should not be in-
cluded in the agreement, but that Kansas should;
and that the declaration should apply to all sub-
sequent cases.
It was to be applied to Kansas, as my friend
here says, if she rejected th<%ordinancc offered
to her." The members of the Democratic party
from the South, and I, for one, certainly, repos-
ing upon the.se assurances, passed that bill. But
two years afterwards wu find that, without the
slightest regard to that bill, and when there is no
census duly and legally taken to prove that Kan-
sas has the requisite population, jti proposed to
us to vote for her admission; and I regret that
many of our northern Democratic friends, regard-
less of that pledge, arc about to give this vote.
Now, sir, I made a remark the other day which
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Coxj undertook
to quote, but did not do so correctly. He said
that I had said that no man of honor, who voted
for the English bill, could v.otc for the admission
of Kansas. 1 did not say that. The gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Vallandigiiam] had made the re-
mark, that he, as a man of honor, was bound to
vfite for this bill. I only replied, that I, as a man
of honor, was bound to vote against it. I said
then, and I repeat it to-day, that legislative com-
promises bound nobody but those who made them.
I never saw the day that I would not, as a mem-
ber of Congress, have voted for the repeal of the
Missouri compromise. I never saw the day that
I would have voted to place such a stigma and dis-
honor upon my section of the country; but had
I been a member of the Congress that passed that
compromise, and had I voted for it, I should say,
that, as a man of lienor, no motive could induce
me to vote to repeal it. Far be it from me to say,
that gentlemen who voted for the English bill arc
not conscientious in voting for this bill. There is
my friend from Ohio, who spoke yesterday, [Mr.
Pendleton,] forwhoml have the highcstpersonal
regard and esteem, and I could never say or think
anything that could by possibility rcllcct upon
ij him. 1 only speak of the obligation as it appears
to me. And I repeat, that it is to me a matter of
astonishment, that gentlemen whom I respect,
whose opinions I respect, can take a differentview
of the question.
If, then, the obligations arising out of the Eng-
lish bill impel us to refuse Kansas admission now,
why should we violate them ? Wluit pressing ex-
igency, what great consideration of public policy
and expediency urge us to such hot haste, m for-
gctfulness of our former solemn agreement and
resolve? I would say that the highest expediency
to observe plighted faith, for those who gave it;
and no example could be more pernicious than
one which destroys all confidence in political af-
fairs, and makes future agreements impossible.
What, then, is to be gained by this act? Is it
that the people of Kansas have proved themselves
so eminently capable of self-government, that they
are such an enlightened people, such a great State,
that we need their assistance in these Halls of
legislation ? I think if gentlemen will look to the
history of the proceedings in that Territory,
whether by Republicans or Democrats—I think if
any gentleman will take the New York Herald
of yesterday morning, and read the correspond-
ence between a man by the name of Redpath,Gov-
ernor Robinson, and others—they will come to
the conclusion that we can afford to wait longer
for this new member of our Confederacy. Indeed,
I am no advocate for the hasty admission of new
States, though I do not go so far as an illustrious
membcrfrom Virginia (John Randolph) did, when
he opposed the admission of all new States; yet
I I must say that the character of this Government
I —and I say it with alt possible respect to gentle-
j men who represent new States—that the charac-
■ ter of this Government among the nations of the
earth has been sensibly lowered by the political
consequences of the rapid admission of ncwStates.
Go to Minnesota, and you find nearly half of
her population was composed of foreigners but
lately landed upon these shores; and even men
who have not been naturalized are permitted to
vote after they have declared their intention to
become citizens; men who arc unused to our in-
stitutions—men, the larger portion of whom have
emigrated from the pressure of want and penury
at home, and who, for the most part, of late years,
have belonged in their own country to the more
ignorant class cf society. I speak plainly, be-
cause I speak what I think.
Mr. I3ARR. I desire to ask the gentleman from
Virginia, when he talks in that way, who were
the first citizens shot down in defending Virginia
soil in the invasion at Harper's Ferry? The two
first men shot down in defending your soil were
adopted citizens—Irishmen.
Mr. GARIxETT. 1 am very much obliged to
those Irishmen who were shot down by the in-
vaders of Virginia. [Laughter.] I know the
Irish are a very gallant race; and 1 believe the
gentleman himself is a descendant of that gallant
race. •
Mr. BARR. Yes, sir.
Mr. GARNETT. And when they send us
such Representatives as he, I am happy to re-
ceive them, and to do them honor. No man ad-
mires the \irtues of his race more highly than I
do, or is moic grateful for the eminent men they
have given us; but I must say, that when we admit
a new State into this Union, it is a great recom-
mendation to me, that a majority of her popula-
tion, enough to give tone and sentiment and char-
acter to it, are American-born, and accustomcd to
American institutions. Whatever gentlemen may
think of the doctrine, it is true doctrine—old Vir-
ginia doctrine, which we, of all parties, recognize
| there. We welcome the honest emigrant to our
| shores; we offer him equal civil rights; and when,
after a moderate probation, he has acquired polit-
ical privileges, I would defend him m their full
enjoyment; bntl cannot think it desirable, nor do
I believe intelligent foreigners themselves desire,
to sec the institutions of this country fall too rap-
idly under the control of that class of our citizens—
more rapidly than they can be Americanized.
| And yet such is apt to Ijc the result in these new
I States, under the combined effects of the recent
j great emigration, your land laws, and rapid ad-
| mission into the Union.
j Mr. ALDRICH. Did I understand the gentle-
i man from Virginia to say that the State of Min-
! nesota was settled by the rough-scuffs of creation—
| men who left their country for their country's
i good?
! Mr. GARNETT. I did not hear the gentle-
! man's question. Will you repeat it?
j Mr. ALDRICH. Did I understand the gen-
tleman to say that Minnesota was settled by peo-
> pic who had left their country for their country's
| good?
! Mr. GARNETT. I said, and I repeat it, for
| I believe it, that nearly half of the population of
j Mmncsotaare foreign-born. I said that, while the
I foreign-born population contained many valua-
ble citizens, whom I was glad to see in this coun-
try, and to whose virtues I did honor, yet, of that
