1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
16W3
with the condition pointed out in that bill. If it
intended to, it had not the power to take away
the other right of the people of Kansas to which
I have referred. X understand no man to deny
the soundness of the proposition I lay down: that
no Congress ever had the power to take away
that right. I might appealto precedent; I might
refer to the provision of the Constitution which
authorizes this course. I might refer to the action
of the Government in similar cases, to show that
the people of Kansas had not only the authority
of the Constitution but precedent for the course
which they have pursued.
They do not come here in violation of law; but
they have done that which they had the right to
do. I was not a little surprised, in reading the mi-
nority report from the Committee on Territories
with reference to this matter, to find that the peo-
ple of Kansas were there charged over and over
again with being a lav/less people; with being a
contumacious people, and with being violators
of law; but, sir, I was still more surprised when
I heard my colleague on that committee, [Mr.
Clark, of Missouri,] yesterday, if I did not mis-
understand him, in his reply to the Delegate from
Kansas, [Mr. Parrott,] say, that he applied that
language to the people of Kansas in coftsequence
of their disobedience or refusal to obey the terri-
torial laws. I think I did not misunderstand him
in his answer to the Delegate from Kansas. I now
tell him, and every man in this House, that if ref-
erence is had to that minority report, it will be
found that the context shows that the gentleman
^from Missouri referred in every instance to what
he considered the disobedience of the people of
Kansas to the provisions of the English bill. I
thought, when I read these accusations against one
hundredthousand people, that they had been made
' without due consideration; and when I heard the
reply of the gentleman from Missouri to the Del-
egate from Kansas, I knew that they had been
made without due consideration.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. The gentleman
from Massachusetts does me injustice. I do not
think he is warranted in using the language he
does from anything I have said. I stated yester-
day that the people of Kansas had been for years—
alluding to the time before the passage of the
English bill—disobedient, and actingm a spirit of
lawlessness, so far as the territorial laws are con-
cerned. An examination of my icport will show
that such is my statement there. I also statod
yesterday—and the point! marie upon the people
of Kansas was—that they had disobeyed and con-
demned the English bill. I stated that in my re-
marks; I stated it in my report; and my reply to
the Delegate from Kansas does not at all warrant
what the gentleman from Massachusetts says
to-day.
Permit me to make another remark. While I
spoke of the lawlessness of the people of Kansas,
I wish to be understood that I do not include all
of the people of Kansas. I mean that there has
been a party in Kansas; and whether it be the
free-State party, or the pro-slavery party, I have
nowhere yet said. But there has been a disposi-
tion in Kansas, since its first settlement, to disre-
gard any law passed, either in the English bill or
by the Territorial Legislature, for their govern-
ment. They contended that they should be a law
for themselves. Whether the free-State party or
tne pro-slavery party are to blame for that, I have
not said, and 1 shall notgo into that question un-
less I am driven into it in self-defense; and if I
am so driven into it, I shall avail myself of such a
course of remarks as I think proper.
Mr. GOOCH. I thought l was not mistaken
in regard to the reply which my colleague upon
the committee made to the Delegate from Kansas.
I know X am not mistaken. And when I refer to
his report, I find that he charges the people of
Kansas, on one single page of his report, with be-
ing a "lawless class," "tumultuous and violent
people,'' "disorderly population," "contemners
of the Government," "contumacious in their dis-
regard of the plainest provisions of the very law
which prescribes the tirfle and the mode of quali-
fying herself to become an independent State,"
"sturdy and persistent violators of the laws, "and
"audacious community," &c.
X say, when I refer to these accusations which
the gentleman has made against the people of
Kansas, I know I am not mistaken in saying that
he uses that language in relation to their conduct
in reference to the English bill, and not in refer-
ence to anything which might have transpired in
that Territory before. Now, sir, before I had
alluded to this matter, X had considered whether
or not the people of Kansas could be regarded as
having violated any principle of law, or done any
act which they had not the right to do, which
they were not authorized under the Constitution
to do, and which they had not precedent for jloing.
I now come to another branch of the proposi-
tion. Does the English bill impose any restraint
or limitation upon our power to ad mit Kansas into
the Union under this constitution ? I apprehend
that no man will contend that that piece of legis-
lation isentitled to any peculiar regard and respect
over and above what it is entitled to by virtue of
its own force and vitality as law. Now, sir, has
one Congress the power to impose any limitation
or restriction upon another Congress m regard to
the admission of a State into the Union? Is there
any man in this House who will assert the affirm-
ative of that proposition ? Clearly not. The ad-
mission of new States into the Union is a matter
of discretion for each Congress, and each Con-
gress must decide for itself, according to the state
of facts which comes before it, and not according
to a state of facts which was before another Con-
gress; according to its own opinion of what is
just and right in the matter, and not in accordance
with the opinion of any of its predecessors.
Thus, sir, we arrive at the conclusion, clearly and
inevitably, that nothing which the last Congress
did could impose any restriction or limitation
upon the rights or powers of this Congress to ad-
mit Kansas. And I go further, and say that the
action of that Congress in regard to this matter
can impose no restraint or obligation upon any
man who was a member of that Congress, and is
now a member of this. It is just as much his
duty to take up this question and consider it upon
its merits as it is now presented to him, as it
would be if he had not been in that Congress at
all. He must decide the question according to
the merits of the case when it comes before him.
And I go still further, and say,even ifihad voted
for the English bill—though I should consider it
the most unfortunate act of my life—X should not
consider myself precluded from voting for the ad-
mission of Kansas under the Wyandotte consti-
tution, and for the reasons 1 have suggested.
Now I come to another ob jection; it is, that Kan-
sas has not a sufficient population to entitle her
to admission into the Union. I apprehend that
both sides of the House are precluded, so far as
it is possible for men to be precluded by their
acts, from pretending that Kansas ought not to be
admitted into the Union for want of population.
One side of the House voted four years ago that
she had population enough; and the other side
voted two years ago that she had population
enough. I consider these votes of but little mo-
ment, and I do not propose to rely upon them;
but I do assert that it appears from the best
evidence in the case, that Kansas to-day has
more population than is required for a llepresent-
ative upon this floor.
It appears that she has more than seventeen
thousand legal voters; and in myjudgment, seven-
teen thousand men who have actually voted in an
election in a State situated like Kansas is proof
of more than ninety-three thousand population;
for while there may be a greater proportion of
men entitled to vote in a population situated like
the people of Kansas, still X apprehend it is
hardly true that a greater proportion of the people
do vote than vote in older States. Then we have
the statements of the Delegate from Kansas, which
went far to satisfy my mind that there could be
no question as to the sufficiency of population.
But still further, 1 say no party has ever laid down
and adhered to the rule that there should be a
population of ninety-three thousand four hun-
dred and twenty before a State could be admitted
into the Union. We decide each case upon its
merits when it is presented. And while we say
that that number should be required, as a general
rule, every man departs from it when he finds
reason for so doing. It is by no means a rule not
to be departed from, and it is often disregarded.
A Territory asks for admission into the Union.
She has perhaps ninety thousand, or eighty-five
thousand, or eighty thousand inhabitants. The
territorial limits of the State are sufficient^the
State is rapidly increasing in population; is in a
position to become,-unquestionably, one of the
leading States of the Union; has eyery element
necessary Xo enable them to organize an efficient
State government'. Now why, sir, when sufeh-
facts are presented to us, should we say to them;
" Go home this time, and wait until the nejxtyear* -
or until you have ninety-three thousand inhabit-
ants." j •
But this does not seem to be the objection prin-
cipally relied upon. Another and a new objec-
tion is now, for the first time, sprung upoqusv It
is presented in the report of the minority of the
committee,and has-been urged by the gentleman
who has just taken his seat. And what is this
objection ? It is, that we violate certain treaties *
which we have heretofore made with the Indians.
I wonder how my collegue upon the Committee
on Territories, who was also upon the Committee
on Territories in the last Congress, discharged
his duty with reference to this matter during the
last Congress, voting week after week and month
after month, for the admission of Kansas, with-
out learning that lie was voting to infringe upon
the rights of these Indians, and to violate the
treaty which had been made with them.
1 do not understand how he got along in the
discharge of his duties throughout the long and
arduous struggle that we had with reference to
that question without having had his attention
called to this objection, which he now urges with
so much zeal. I do not understand it, when the
bill which provided for the admission of Kansas
into the Union with the Lecompton constitution
contained the same provisions in regard to these
Indians that are contained in the bill now before us.
That bill also notified the gentleman from Tennes-
see, who has just taken his seat, [Mr.MAYNARD,]
and who had lived in the vicinity of this very tribe
of Indians, and was peculiarly interested in their
success and welfare; and yet he fought, as he
says, with all his might,during almost the whole
of the first session of the last Congress, in favor
of the bill providing for the admission of Kansas,
all the while notified by the provision in the bill
that these Indians might be affected by it, with-
out giving any heed to the matter.
Well, now, I do not rely on these things. I
do not urge them as a reason why this Congress
should violate any right that the Indians may
have. But I do urge them as showing that there
is nothing in the objection now presented, and that
is the reason it never occurred to anybody before.
I urge these facts as showing that this objection
is now made for the purpose of preventing the
admission of Kansas into the Union, rather than
for the protection of the Indians.
Let us look back a little. My colleague on the
committee [Mr. Clark, of Missouri] finds that
under the Kansas-Nebraska bill the rights of the
Indians were protected; and he refers to that with
especial satisfaction, as securing all the rights to
which the Indians were entitled. He says:
"Take the following fngnai instance of respect for the
rights guarantied by treaty. The act of Congress organiz-
ing the Territory of Kansas has the following provision:
" k Nothing in this net contained shall be construed to im-
pair the rights of persons or property now pertaining to the
Indians in said Teiritory, f-o long as such rights shall re-
main unextinguished by treaty between the United States
and such Indian?, or to include any territory which, by
treaty with any Indian tiibe, is not, without the consent of
said tube, to be included within the territorial limits or juris-
diction of any State oi Territory,but all such territory bhall
he excepted out of the boundaries, and constitute no -part of
the Territory of Kansas.' "
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. The argument
made in my report was, that the constitution of
the proposed State of Kansas ought to have con-
tained the same reservations*as the Kansas-Ne-
braska bill did, in fixing the boundaries of the
State.
Mr. GOOCH. Now, if I can satisfy my col-
league on the committee—and I think I can—that
the position of these Indians is precisely the same
as it would have been if the exception had been
made in the Wyandotte constitution, I shall ex-
pecthim to vote for the admission of Kansas under
this constitution.
Mr. NOELL. I desire to ask the gentleman a
questio'n.
Mr. GOOCH. Unless the question pertains td
something that I must refer to, in answering my
colleague on the committee, I prefer to answer
him first.
Mr. NOELL. It is on that point.
Mr. GOOCH. Veryweii.
