I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'221
36th Cosg....1st 8ess.
The Slavery Question•—Mr, Hardeman.
Ho. of Reps
great tide of emigration the greater portion, of
late years, belonged at home to the more ignorant
classes of society.
Mr. ALDR1CH. That is not the ease with the
population ofMinnesota; and I take the liberty to
say to the gentleman that I am better acquainted
with them than he is.
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. I hope the gen-
tleman from Virginia will be allowed to go on,
for I like to hear his good American doctrine.
Mr. GARNETT. I made some remarks upon
the admission of Minnesota into the Union, when
that matter was pending before this House. I
found, among other articles of her constitution,
one which bestowed the right of suffrage upon all
Indians of half-blood who had adopted the habits
of civilized life—one of those precise, definite, and
statesmanlike provisions in regard to the highest
and first of political privileges—which prove that
Minnesota was highly capable of self-government.
Then, sir, I say there is another consideration
as to the population that goes from our own States
into the pew States. It consists generally of the
most energetic men in the community—men who
are valuable at home and valuable abroad; the
hardy pioneers, to whom we owe so much of our
country's greatness. But, then, of late years espe-
cially, there has been a large infusion of men who
go on a mere adventure, not to build up homes in
the wilderness, or gather the domestic affections
around the hearthstone, but as an army of explo-
ration; gallant but restless spirits, who arc ever
marching, and never looking to fixed settlements.
Such a camp is admirable and invaluable in its
way, but such men do not make a State. They
are wanting in that community of character, of
interest, of ideas, and of family ties, which is ne-
cessary to organize a political sovereignty. Leave
them to their anarchy, and the result is developed
in the brief history of Kansas.
I say, then, that I have no very great desire to
admit Kansas as a State into the Union, because
I do not think thilt the people of Kansas have yet
proved thcmsclveVcapable of self-government;
nor are they the men whom I should particularly
desire to sec participate in the government of my
State and of the whole Confederacy.
Where, then, is the cxpcdiency, where the use,
where the necessity, of admitting Kansas before
she has complied with the conditions of the bill ?
I understand gentlemen on the other side of the
House to support this bill for two reasons: the first
is because it is a triumph over the Democratic
party, because the Democratic party has said that
Kansas shall not be admitted, and therefore they
want to show that Kansas shall be admitted.
That is one reason. But they are practical men
on the other side of the House. They have a
practical purpose in view. Admit Kansas, and
she will have three electoral votes. The presi-
dential election may be very close, and these three
electoral votes will be certainly given to the Re-
publican nominee. Therefore, gentlemen on the
other side want to admit Kansas before the ap-
proaching census. Thoy cannot wait for next
winter. You want to call up new peers to Pailia-
ment, so as to control the result of a presidential
election. You are practical men. You arc right.
You men of darkness are "wise in your genera-
tion, wiser than the children of light." [Laughter.]
I oppose it, not only for these reasons, but be-
cause 1 do not want you to have three additional
electoral votes at the next presidential election.
I have no concealment about it. It is a proper,
a just, a legitimate motive. I believe, as your
votes and speeches have shown since you had
the seal moved from your lips; as your votes
have shown on Mr. Blake's resolution; and as
your speeches have shown, that you mean, either
by direct means or by the moral and political in-
fluence of your party, to carry on this movement
until you destroy the security of the South with
the Union; until you have put her under the ban;
and until ultimately her institutions are sapped
and undermined and ruined. That is my serious,
honest belief of your intentions.
Mr. LARRABEE. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Virginia  
Mr. BINGHAM. I must object to interrup-
tions.
Mr. LAMAR. I hope the gentleman from
Ohio will withdraw objection.
Mr. GARNETT. I see that the purpose of the
gentleman from Wisconsin is to make an inquiry.
He says that he did not hear me. His purpose
is to inquire what I said in regard to the people
of Wisconsin. I repeat, that in what I said, in
commenting on the general character of the people
of the new States, and on the propriety of their
admission, I mean no personal reflection whatever
on any gentlemen with whom I have the honor
to associate on this floor.
Mr. LARRABEE. But you reflected on the
people of my State.
Mr. GARNETT. The gentleman will see the
report of my remarks; I cannot undertake now to
explain them. I think he misconceives them, as
he will agree. I repeat, however, that I do not
think it very desirable that new States should be
admitted until their population assumes a settled
character and it is Americanized.
Mr. Speaker, when I was interrupted I was
speaking of the effect of the admission of Kansas
on the presidential election, and was charging
gentlemen on the other side with desiring its ad-
mission in order to get three additional votes for
their candidate in the presidential election. Sir,
I have no concealments to make. I think it a just
and proper objection to the admission of Kansas
that it will affect the presidential election. I think
that the fate of this country hangs upon our keep-
ing the Republican party out of power; and by
no act of mine will I willingly, unless forced by
some great considerations of public justice and
necessity to do so, increase the power of that
party. Let Kansas purge herself of contempt of
our laws; let her go through the regular stages of
probation, and prove, by a census to be taken in
the course of a few months, that she has the proper
population; let her come forward then with her
constitution, and I, for one, am willing to vote for
her admission. How can she suffer by waiting
till next winter? In no respect whatever, except
that you will lose three votes in the presidential
election, and your loss in that respect will be our
gain,
It is therefore a matter of astonishment and re-
gret to me to find many Democrats upon this floor
going out of their way to accept this Republican
measure, and to vote for the admission of Kansas.
And, sir, it is a matter of still deeper regret to me
when I find the obstacles which they have to
break down, the barriers which they have to
overthrow, the contract which they have to tear
up, and throw to the winds, in order to effect this
end; to accomplish this grand result of adding
three ipore electoral votes tothepollof that party
—of that sectional party, whose triumph and vic-
tory are identified with the disgrace of the Democ-
racy, with insult and injury to the South, with
the ruin and overthrow of our Union. Therefore,
for one, I shall record my vote against this meas-
ure.  
THE SLAVEUV QUESTION.
SPEECH OF HON. T. HARDEMAN,
OF GEORGIA,
In the House of Representatives,
April 13, 1860.
The House being ni the Committee of the Wholo on the
state of the Union—
Mr. HARDEMAN said:
Mr. Chairman: Having obtained the floor im-
mediately after the member from Illinois [Mr.
Lovejoy] had concluded his remarks, some may
suppose 1 intend to reply to the same; but as those
remarks were sufficiently characterized at the time
of their delivery, I shall not further notice them.
I will, however, earnestly commend the unfortu-
nate member to that Being who, when one simi-
larly affected came running to him from the mount-
ains and the tombs beseeching his compassion, !
permitted the unclean spirits that tormented lum '
to exchange their habitation for one more conge-
nial among the swine herd; and I sincerely hope
that the prototype of him, possessed of a devil,
may yet be seen '' sitting, and clothcd, and in his
right mind."
A prophet of old, looking from the " specular j
towpr" of prophecy, foresaw and foretold the des- |
olations of Israel and tlm destruction of Jerusa- j
tam, and sacred history testifies to the verity oft
the prophecy and its fulfillment. Inspired by his
example, many in these latter-day times foretell
coming events; with what accuracy and foresight,
time will only reveal. Some upon this floor, look-
ing back upon the history of the past and at the
dangers of the present, predict for the future of our
country some of that blight and ruin that in the
visions of the inspired one awaited the doomed
cities of the East. How far these apprehensions
may be well founded, is my purpose to investi-
gate to-day. In the earlier days of our Republic,
" the people of the United States, in order to form
a more perfectUnion," ordained and established
a Constitution for their government, upon the
proper observance of which justice would be estab-
lished, domestic tranquillity insured, and the bless-
ings of liberty sccurea to the whole people. These
objects having been contemplated by the framers
of that instrument, the inference is consequential,
that if its provisions are not complied with "by
those who administer tfie municipal affairs of Fed-
eral and State Government, the inferred injustice
would be practiced, and the public tranquillity dis-
turbed, if not destroyed. The Union formed was
one of equal rights and immunities between the
States that were represented in the convention, at
the time of the adoption of the Constitution; and
a^ new States could be admitted under the pro-
visions of the same, as equals of the older States,
the same rights and immunities arc guarantied to
all that compose the Confederacy.
Now, what arc some of those rights ? Among
those enumerated is a clause that provides " that
no' person shall be deprived of life, liberty, and
property, withoutduc process of law,"thereby se-
curing to all the enjoyment of these constitutional
immunities. So long as these rights arc respected,
there will be union and harmony; but when one
portion of those governed aggress upon them, and
endeavor to restrict others in their enjoyment, jeal-
ousies will arise, the harmony of the system will
be broken, and the union of the States endangered.
A free people are ever watchful of their liberties;
and States ever have been, and ever will be, jeal-
ous of Federal encroachments and the aggressions
of power. A struggle for power will ever arouse
the vigor, energy, and resources of a people; and
those that obtain the mastery are too prone to for-
get the rights of others in their desire to strengthen
themselves. Hence we hear of resistance and
revolution, among minorities, against the usurpa-
tions and encroachments of heartless majorities.
Power desires additional strength, that it may be
secure in the position attained; and constitutional
restrictions are too frequently impotent barriers
to their aggressive demands. This has been dem-
onstrated in our own brief history; and I pro-
pose to show to-day, that parties now exist that
exert themselves to deprive ray people of their
constitutional equality in this Government. That
you may correctly understand my position, I will
briefly advert to the early history of our country.
At the time of the formation of our Constitu-
tion, there were conflicting opinions as to the best
form of government, the extent of the powers
that should be given it, and the rights of the States
that composed it. Yet these differences of opin-
ion were adjusted, and our present system adopted
—its powers defined and restricted by the articles
of agreement known as the Federal Constitution.
In that instrument, the rights of the people are
secured. By its provisions our claims must be
adjudged, and to it I appeal to-day. At the time
of its adoption, what was the condition and status
of the southern States? Did their peculiar insti-
tution then exist, or was this country (as has
been asserted) dedicated to freedom? History
informs us that at the time of the Declaration of
Independence, slavery was common- to all the
colonics, and, at the period of the formation of the
Constitution, existed in every State perhaps, save
one, independent of municipal regulations—for in
no State were there creating statutes. If it ex-
isted then, and was recognized by the fathers,
the Constitution either recognized or ignored it;
and as it nowhere ignores, but provides for Us
representation and its protection, in the clause
restoring fugitive slaves to their owners, we are
forced to the conclusion that slavery was recog-
nized by the framers of that instrument, and t hei e-
fore the right to its protection and enjoyment fol-
lows, as a necessary corollary.
/
