1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
643
Mine are also known to my constituents, possibly
to the country. In casting my vote for him or for
any other man to disentangle this perplexing knot,
I have no fear of losing- my own identity, or of
"going over," 01* of being " swallowed up." I do
not depart from my principles or party belongings;
I have been taught, however, to believe that the
way to clect a candidate is to vote for him; and
acting upon that belief, I vote for Joiin A. Mc-
Clernand.
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky, when his name
was callcd, said: Did I consult my pleasure 011
this occasion, 1 should vote without saying a
word; but the attitude which I occupy, and what
I have heretofore .said upon this floor, require
that I should at this time say something explana-
tory of the vote I am about to cast.
tTpon a former occasion, when asked if! would
vote for a Douglas Democaat, I said emphatically
that I would not. It has been said, and said truly,
that it is better not to vow at all, than to vow and
not perform; it has also been well said, that a bad
promise is better kept in the breach than 111 the
observance. Now, I am in this attitude: 1 do not
feel at liberty to revoke what I have .said on this
floor heretofore by voting for Mr. McClernand,
much as I would desire to do so, unless the neces-
sity is forced upon me of choosing, and my vote
shall settle the question, which shall preside over
the deliberations of this House, Mr. McCler-
nand or Governor Pennington. When that ne-
cessity is forced upon me, I say now frankly that
I will vote for the gentleman from Illinois. But,
until my vote will settle this question, I feci like
my friend from Kentucky, [Mr. Mallouy,] that
I prefer to die under my own colors; and 1 vote
for Mr. Smith, of North Carolina.
Mr. NOELL, when his name was called, said:
I desire to say, that when I am called upon to
perform a public duty, I never stop to inquire ,
whether other men perform theirs. When I am ]
callcd upon to perform an act which, under all the !
circumstances that surround me, I believe to be
right, I trust I shall have the moral courage to
perforin it. I believe it is now my duty to vote
for Mr. McClernand, of Illinois, although I differ
from him on some questions; and so believing, 1
do not wait to .see whether my vote will clect him
or not. I am somewhat like General Jackson in
this respect. I am willing to take the responsi-
bility. I vote for John A. McClernand, whether
my vote will elect him or not.
Mr. SINGLETON, when his name was called,
said: I wish to state to the House the reasons
why I shall cast the vote I intend to ca&t 011 this
occasion. There arc three of them:
In the first place, the gentleman from Illinois
lias acted with the Democratic organization ever
since we came together, he has been in our caucus;
he has supported our caucus nominee; and has
shown himself, thus far at least, to be a sound
Democrat.
In the next place, I consider the issue as nar-
rowed down between Mr. Pennington, of New j
Jersey, and Mr. McClernand, of Illinois. Such
being the case, I cannot hesitate which I will take.
In the last place, I find that the Americans hold
themselves ready to cast their votes for Mr. Mc- ,
Clernand, whenever they can by their votes se-
cure his election. This, sir, places the responsi-
bility of his election upon the shoulders of the
Democrats. Without, therefore, indorsing the
opinions of that gentleman upon the territorial
question—for I know not what they are; so far as
his record 111 the past is concerned, as a member
of Congress, I believe it is acceptable to all south-
ern men—I say that, without indorsing his politi-
cal opinions upon the territorial question—and I
am determined, now, and at all times, to fight the
doct/ine of popular sovereignty m the Territories
on the subject of slavery—nevertheless, in order
to place the power in the hands of my own party, j
and to defeat the Black Republicans, I vote for j
John A. McClernand, of Illinois.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Mr. Clerk, many
Democrats have voted for Americana when they
knew that in doing so there was a chance of an
election. They did not consider, in voting for an
American, that there was leprosy m the touch that j
would affect them. For two days did the Demo-
cratic party stand by one of the southern Opposi-
tion. During Friday and yesterday they voted in
solid column, with the exception of one or two gen-
tlemen, while another stood ready to do ;t. They
stood here two successive days, and in half a
dozen ballots stood up for Mr. Smith, of North
Carolina. The northern and northwestern Dem-
ocrats were reluctant to cast their suffrages ill that
direction: yet, sir, under the influence of their duty
to their country, they came forward and gener-
ously and devotedly gave their votes for Mr.
Smith, of North-Carolina. What sort of feeling
should this have awakened in that southern Op-
position r We see how that act has operated with
the American party. One of its members has de-
serted, utterly gone, and has joined himself with
his idols. A few of the others have come forward
and manifested their readiness to vote with the
Democracy. Others have coldly refused. They
arc willing to do it, they say, when they can make
an election, well knowing, as they must, that the
powe^to make an election and to operate upon
hesitating materials, is to exhibit our strength by
combination.
But what I regret is, that these gentlemen, in-
stead of a warm and generous fooling for the part
the northern and the northwestern Democracy,
and the Democracy generally, have acted, should
have displayed a hesitating, calculating policy—
one, my life upon it, that the country did not ex-
pect. I grieve over it. Having said this much, I
desire my vote to be recorded for Mr. McCler-
nand, of Illinois.
Mr. SMITH, of North Carolina. Before I cast
my vote, I wish to make a brief explanation.
The gentleman from Illinois, who has been put
in nomination by his own party, did me the honor
of giving me a prompt and ready vote. He did
not, sir, in that case, ns I understood it, com-
promise any of his own political principles; nor
do I compromise any of mine m the vote which
I now propose to give; and without intending there-
fore to say that that gentleman's peculiar views
in reference to the territorial policy are correct,
but placing myself upon the same footing towards
him that lie did towards me, I say he shall not
excel me in the spirit of patriotism that prompted
his act; and, sir, he shall not be more generous to
me than I will be to him. I cheerfully cast my
vote for Mr. McClernand, of Illinois. [Slight
applause 111 the galleries, followed by cries of
u Order!" from the Republican benches.]
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. Mr. Clerk,
many members during the course of this ballot
have indulged in personal explanations. Before
I give my vote, let me also say a word. I am
always ready, sir, to assume any responsibility
demanded 111 the discharge of my duty in this
House, without specific statements, at the time, of
my reasons; but the explanations now given by
others for their action seem to make it necessary
for me to submit a remark or two, and, perhaps,
imperatively so, since I have observed, upon this
occasion, most strange and extraordinary devel-
opments. I will, in brief, give the reasons that
control me in the vote which I shall presently pro-
ceed to give, without scruple.
1 havenot, during the several votes for Speaker
since the commencement of this session, under-
taken to inquire very specifically in reference to
the sentiments or tenets politically entertained by
those for whom I voted, so that they occupied a
national position, 111 antagonism to the radical and
destructive doctrines of the Republican or Aboli-
tion party. The members of the Democratic party
—the principles of which are essentially and un-
deniably national and conservative, and whit h it
lias always given me pleasure to advocate, and
which command my warmest and primary sup-
port—met here at the beginning of the session,
m caucus, and nominated as their candidate for
Speaker the accomplished g"ntleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Bocock.] I voted for him with great
pleasure. When he deemed it proper, under the
circumstances, to retire from the field, it seemed
to me right that as our selected standard-bearer
had been taken from the South, and our northern
and northwestern fwends had gallantly come up
to his support, when we scattered our votes, that
I should go North and Northwest, and even to the
Pacific, keeping within the Democratic organiza-
tion, from comitv to our Democratic brethren in
those sections. After Mr. Bocock's withdrawal,
I took much pleasure in voting for northern and
northwestern Democrats.
I have not stopped there, in order, if possible,
to defeat the Black Republicans. When you get
outside of the Democratic organization, if you
please, you find still an additional contest going
011 in the country, ostensibly, at least, against
this sectional Abolition party. What is the char-
acter of that contest? Why, sir, in the range of
opposition to the anti-slavery faction, there are
larger and more comprehensive considerations,
perhaps, than those which belong properly to any
party, and where all sound men may be said to
occupy a common platform; and I did not hesi-
tate, when the distinguished gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Smith] was put forward, in order
to relieve the country from the existing embar-
rassment and organize this House upon a national
basis, to cast my vote for him, believing he was
radically and absolutely opposed to this Abolition
party, although not belonging to the Democratic
organization. I had not the least difficulty in
taking that position, hoping, possibly, by that
course, to defeat the Republican party in their
organization, their schemes, and their unconstitu-
tional designs. To accomplish that result, I shall
not hesitate to vote for any man competent to dis-
charge the duties of Speaker, whose political status
is national in its character, and antagonistic to
the anti-slavery party, where I can get no Demo-
crat to accomplish the same purpose. That I be-
lieve to be the solemn duty of every sound, na-
tional, and conservative patriot, wfio fully and
completely comprehends the entire scope of his
obligations to the country at large.
In this great crisis and overruling necessity, I
believe that the Democratic party, whether de-
feated now or successful in the determination of
this contest,'has cause to congratulate itself upon
its broad, catholic, and proud position. Why, sir,
this House has been m a state of disorganiza-
tion for a long time, and public opinion has been
sounded to its most profound depths, and you see
the national sentiment more fully developed, and
this flood-tide of elementary patriotic feeling which
is fast setting in will rise higher, and in its onward
and resistless course sweep away absolutely this
demented and revolutionary sectional party, and
obliterate all opposing elements, I trust, it will
flow 011, and you cannot prevent it, in my judg-
ment. Now, here is a distinguished politician put
forward from the State of New Jeisey. I have
not incurred the trouble of looking into the ante-
cedents of that gentleman. I understand, how-
ever, he was in the convention which nominated
John C. Fremont.
Mr. ADRAIN. The gentleman is mistaken.
Mr STEWART, of ^Maryland. Did he not
support Fremont in the last presidential election?
Mr. ADRAIN made a remark inaudible to the
reporter.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. I understand
from the gentleman from New Jersey, who un-
dertakes to be the organ of the gentleman who is
the Republican candidate, that he was not in the
convention, but I have further understood that he
voted for John C. Fremont.
Mr. ADRAIN. I wish to say that I am not
the organ of Mr. Pennington, who is before this
House as candidate for Speaker.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I rise to a question of
order. This whole debate is out of order.
Mr. ADItA'IN. I will occupy but a moment.
I wish to say that I do not know how Mr. Pen-
nington voted. I know nothing about it. I am
not his organ.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. I would not
do the least injustice to the gentleman put forward
as the candidate of the Republican party upon this
! occasion. I have heard upon this floor what is
; the position of that gentleman, as I have stated;
' but I have not, or I said before, put myself to the
trouble of looking closely into his political record.
Bui I should suppose, from the ground which that
gentleman occupies as the standard-bearer of the
Republican party, that his colleague from New
Jersey or some of thosn who have brought him
before the House, would, if lie himself is not pre-
pared to define his position, undertake to do it for
him, if not properly represented.
I now emphatically state that I understand that
he voted for Mr. Fremont. Then, when you ask
us how we can vote for a northwestern Democrat,
whether he be in favor of popular sovereignty or
not, or whatever may be his peculiar position in
reference to that and all other questions concern-
ing the Territories, an adequate reply suggests
itself, that such a one is far preferable to a Black
Republican, or supporter of Fremont. As to the
