I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
223
3Gin Coxa.... 1st Sess.
Tim Slavery Question—Mr. Hardeman.
Ho. of Reps.
no waking; and no one is on board who can "com-
mand the winds and the water, and they obey
him." Pause, then, before you disturb these
measures, which are so closely associated with
his memory and his name. In the name of my
State, I say we cannot submit to their abrogation
or repeal; for in that eventGeorgia stands pledged
to sever the chain that binds her to this Union,
though a nation weeps over its shattered links.
As a Union man, 1 warn gentlemen to beware,
before they force us to this last extremity. We
only ask for an observance of the Constitution and
the maintenance of the laws. With less than these
wo will not be satisfied; and that party that will
not accord this much to my people, is an enemy to
my country and a too to this Union. "Well,"say
some, " \vij are prepared to award you this much;
for while we oppose your neeuliar institution and
desire its abolition, we expect to accomplish this
result peaceably and quietly." Think you we can
rely upon this assurance, when in your declara-
tion of intentions you aver (i that it is agamstsla-
vcry and slaveholders, as a body, you wage an
exterminating war; and having made tins decla-
lation, you have a full and fixed deteimination to
stand by it or die by it?" Talk to me about peace-
able intentions, when men have resolved to stand
or fall in the fiiaintenanee of their positionand the
accomplishment of their designs! As well tell me
to look for sunshine and calm -when the tempest
rages, or for blossoms and flowers when winter
wiaps the earth in his icy mantle.
No, sir; some have counted the cost, and num-
bered their forces. They have arranged them-
selves in battle array, and, thus marshaled, have
dispatched a messenger with a flag of truce, offer-
ing us terms of peace and quiet. Mr. Kn,linger,
their messenger, has told us "that he speaks the
sentiment of the people of his State, the laboring-
men and mining people, who are now out of em-
ployment, that we can have peace and quiet, if
we will extend the olive branch, and give them
protection on coal and iron." And if we do not
accept the humiliating bribe, if wc do not consent
to purchase our constitutional rights, and should
seek redress for our grievances, another gentle-
man from Pennsylvania points us to " eighteen
million people, reared to industry, with all the
[ Appliances of art, who can cope successfully with
eight million at the South, without these appli-
ances." I shall not imitate the example of the
honorable member, by unjust discriminations
against any section of my country. 1 am proud
of the skill and prowess of my countrymen. J
would not underrate the intelligence or patriotism
of any poition of the American people. I am
proud of the old Keystone State, and rejoice in
her prosperity and advancement; but when the
gentleman makes these discriminations and oasts
imputations upon the efficiency and ability of the
people of my section, I would say to him in all
kindly sincerity:
u Loehiel, Locluei. howard of the day,
When the Southron shall moot you m battle an ay !"
But not only do yoa propose a repeal of the fu-
gitive slave law, but you purpose to prevent us
from the enjoyment of our property m the com-
mon Territories. And here 1 find another enemy,
equally hostile and determined. This enemy be-
longs to a wing of the Democratic party, and is
led on by the distinguished Senator from Illinois.
In the outset of my remarks I sought to show
that the Constitution recognized slavery, nnd re-
garded slaves as property. I now propose to show
that, under that instrument, I have the right, to
carry my property to any portion of the Union
where the States, m their sovereign capacity,
have not interdicted me. i say, in their sovereign
capacity, for no power short of sovereignty enn
restrict me m this right. The Constitution says:
" the citizens of each State shall be entitled to
all the privileges and immunities of the several
States;'" in other words, you shall have no rights
as an Ohio man, that I shall not enjoy as a Geor-
gian. You claim as a constitutional prerogative
the right of migrating, if you dc.sire, to any of
our Territories, and the privilege of carrying with
you your cattle and your horses, your goods and
your merehnndise; and no one disputes your
claim. You assert tins right, because the rights
of property accompany those of persons; and as
you arc • not debarred by the Constitution from
entering the Territories, you can carry with you
what is recognized as property; and as Govern-
ment is instituted to protect the persons and prop-
erty of its citizens, it is the duty of "the same to
extend this protection to you; and when it refuses,
it violates the objects of its formation and be-
comes a despotism. How then can you denyme,
your constitutional peer, that which you arrogate
to yourself? The same Constitution that shields
you, protectsme. The same courts that have rec-
ognized your titles to property, have established
mine. The same Government that throws around
your person and your property the aegis of her
protection should extend the same to me, for we
owe her the same allegiance and arc enlitled to the
same.protection. " But," say you, " wegra|it j^ou
are joint owners of the Territories, and recognize
your right to carry your slaves there, but when
you get them there you hold them subject to the
will of the people of the Territories. If they see
fit, in the exercise of their legislative powers, to
discriminate against your property, or withhold
any legislation that would give efficient protection
to your slaves, and without which your tenure
to them would be insecure and worthless, they
have the power. If they should pass a law deny-
ing you right of property in slaves, thereby de-
priving you oftheir possession and enjoyment, no
power on earth can prevent them." Is this equity ?
is it equality ? Does it not prevent the South from
equal competition in the Territories, because of
the insecurity thus attending their property?
Think you slaveholders would carry their slaves
to those Territories under circumstances so unfa-
vorable to their enjoyment and security? Does
the Constitution become inoperative and power-
less because of my removed? The whole princi-
ple is antagonistic to the equality of the States,
and excludes my people from the Territories as
virtually as would the doctrine of the Republican
party. And does not the honorable Senator ad-
mit in one of his able specchcs, that " the Terri-
torial Legislature of Kansas had abolished all the
remedies tor the protection of slave property, and
withdrew from the courts any jurisdiction over
the subject, and, by this unfriendly legislation,
slavery is to-day excluded from Kansas ?" Is this
the non-intcrvcntionwhich was tosccurc the South
in the enjoyment of her rights, and settle forever
the perplexing question of shvrery? Are these
the promised fruits of the Kansas bill, upon which
the South was to feed and " wax strong?" Sir,
I know no distinction between this and the doc-
trine of the Republican party. The one is the ax
applied to the root; the other is the canker worm
that feeds upon the body, until the tree, robbed
of its nutriment, withers and dies. The one is a
bold, manlyavowal ofhostile intentions;the other
is a friendly proffer, with a betrayal/kisu, and
f wm*n the people of the South ngnmfif this doc-
trine, as fatal to their interests, tlmjclequality and
their rights. \r
Establish this as the policy orthc Government,
donate your public lands to settlers and unnatural-
ized foreigners, confer upon those who have just
landed upon our shores the right of suffrage, and,
under the operation of these varied influences, you
resit ict the South to her present limits, and event-
ually impair and subvert her cherished institu-
tions. The powers churned by these advocates
of territorial sovereignty have been repudiated by
our ablest constitutional jurists. They recognized
no sovereignty m the people of the Territories;
but regarded them as agents—mere trustees—for
carrying out the objects for which they were cre-
ated. Websu r—that colossal pillar of constitu-
tional strum th, whose giant mind evei grasped at
realities and truth—thus spoke of the doctrine of
territorial sovereignty:
Wc ha\ .i ahv.u - iro.ic upon the giouml that the^e ter-
litoriiii irov eminent - weie in a s-Mre of pupilage, under the
pioteetion and pan mi ige of the Oenenii Government. Tile
people of a temt.mal jument aie mil a t-oveiei<int\ ;
the\ do not po-«an} ot* tho-e iitrhN incident to -.nvei-
einnty. They arc, it'jou p]ea-<> -o to denominate, in astute
05"inchoate ^ovenunent <iiu! tovereismtN."
'* 11 !-• ou  dntv fo piovide tor the people of a tcintory ajtov-
eianient to keep trie peace ; to seeme thea propeitv ; to n-*-
siirn them n :-ubni\linat" legislative and judicial autiiouty;
lo'^ee that the protection to then pc^ons and the security
of their piop"ity aie ail xPznUirly pronded for; and to main-
taut them in thai >tate mini they mow ol &ullicient nnpoit-
anceto bo admitted into tin?. Union.">
Then, says he, the people, in their State sover-
eignty, may decide for themselves. Here the doc-
trine of territorial sovereignty is boldly repudiated,
and with it, the doctrine of unfriendly legislation.
Mr. Calhoun—that embodiment of "State rights
and -strict construction, the power of whose mind
has.been indelibly impressed upon the brightest
pages of American history, and whose great name
will live as long as patriotism has a votary—thus
replied to a proposition of a Senator, claiming for
a people of a Territory the same inherent right of
self-government as a State:
" The assumption is utterly unfounded, unconstitutional,
without example, and contiaiy to the entire practice of the
Government, liom its commencement to the present time."
The lamented Berrien—Georgia's gifted son,
than whom none was abler in his expositions^
the obtuse problems of constitutional law—main-
tained that slavery existed in the Territories inde-
pendent of statutory provisions. For, said he:
u Slavery exists m the State whore the owner dwells; it
exists out of the State where the owner dwells. Once ex-
isting, it exists everywhere, until U eomcs within limits
of a ; ovcrcignty which inhibits it.''
And, therefore, he assumes that "Congress may
legislate upon this subject in the Territories,
affirmatively, to facilitate the exercise of a consti-
tutional right; while the power so to legislate, to
create obstructions to tho enjoyment of it, would
bedenied that body." Recognizing the distinction
between their powers of protection—for it was for
that our Government was created—and those neg-
ative powers which belong not to Congress, I
believe Congress has the right, whenever the
occasion demands, to legislate for the protection
of property, recognized as such by the Constitu-
tion itself.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. Will the gentleman
fiom Georgia yield to me a moment?
Mr. HARDEMAN. If I have misrepresented
the position of the gentleman, I will yield to him.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. No, sir; you have not
misrepresented me; but I want to give you some
Georgia doctrine.
Mr. HARDEMAN. Well, I give you the
Georgia doctrine of the American party—and I
speak only for them—and that is this: that Con-
gress has no power to legislate upon the subject
of slavery in the Territories, either to establish or
prohibit it, or to legislate upon the subject at all,
except for its protection where it legally exists.
And believing, that I repudiate the doctrine, come
from what quarter it may, that, because we can
legislate for our protection, wc can legislate for
the distinction of a right. That is Georgia doc-
trine, and by that doctrine I am willing to stand
l°Mt\ MONTGOMERY. 1 desire to give the
gentleman some Georgia Democratic doctrine,
which is a larger party than the American party.
Mr. HARDEMAN. I will say to the gentle-
man that I believe he is a member of the Demo-
cratic fold, and he must settle that question him-
self; and, if I have not converted him from that
faith, it is because Ephraim is joined to his idols.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania can get the Georgia Demociatic doc-
trine from the Democrats from Georgia upon this
floor, and I am ready to give it to him whenever
he wants it.
Mr. HARDEMAN. Now, sir, if those powers
are denied to Congress, can we cotisent that the
creature of Congress should exercise powers which
do not belong to the creator ? Can we transfer to
another that which wc never ourselves possessed ?
The enunciation of such a proposition, to use a
110 less uncharitable teim, is beneath the consid-
eration ofan enlightened judgment. But, sir, these
are no longer open questions; for they have been
adjudicated by that tribunal whose duty it is to
expound the Constitution. That com I .<ayr. the
only two provisions in that instrument.k< which
point to them, (slaves,) and include them, treat
them as propei ty, and make it, the duty of the Gov-
ernment"—to do what'1 To discriminate against
them? No. To deprive me of their erjoymont by
unfriendly legislation? No. What then:—" to pro-
tect them. No other power, in relation to this race,
is to be found in the Constitution; and as it is a
Government of special delegated powers, no au-
thority beyond these constitutional provisions can
be constitutionally exercised." Thus repudiating
the power of Congress to prohibit the introduction
