2610
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 4,
via Puget Sound, to Portland. When it arrives at Portland
it has to be sent through the interior of the State by the
weekly and bi-weekly mails, and it is from one to three
weeks before it reaches its destination after it arrives m
Portland. Again, uuderthe piebentariangement, the pres-
ent overland mails are of no service to Oregon and Wash-
ington, for, it matters not how much mail for Oregon and
Washington is sent overland, it ali remains in San Fran-
cisco until the ocean mail arrives, when it is taken by water,
as before stated,.to Portland, the most northern post office
in the State, thence to be sent back by land a portion of the
distance already traveled. The present cost of ocean ser-
vice to Oregon and Washington is 5$120,000, which is more
"^han it would cost to transport the mails as proposed by
this bill. Establish the service contemplated by the bill,
and the ocean service can he discontinued, and the mails
will then first strike the southern part of the State, and be
daily left where they ate destined, without being trans-
ported tffthe north and then back through the State, The
adoption of this hill would greatly convenience the people
north of Sacramento, on the Pacific coast, without any
additional expense to the Government."
The rules were suspended, and the Committee
of the Whole 011 the state ofthe Union discharged
from further consideration of the bill.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed, and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third time.
Mr. SHERMAN called for the yeas and nays
011 the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. WALTON. X ask the gentleman from
Oregon whether the bill suspends the ocean ser-
vice?
Mr. STOUT. It docs discontinue the ocean
service.
Mr. WALTON. We save §30,000 a year by it.
, Mr. STOUT. The bill will save the Govern-
ment at least $20,000 a year. It proposes that the
mails shall be carried at $100,000 a year, over a
, route for which we are now paying $120,000 a
year, to have the mails carried by water. It pro-
poses to give us a daily mail by land, for $100,000,
while we have now only a semi-monthly mail, by
water, and £ay $120,000 a year for it. There can
be no objection to the bill. The Post Office Com-
mittee examined it, and not only reported in favor
of it, but I am informed that every member of that
committee was anxious for the bill to become a
law. I trust there will be no objection urged to a
bill that is so just.
Mr. BURCrl. I desire to make an additional
statement.
Several Members. Oh, no; let us pass the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 ask the gentleman from
Oregon under what law it is that #120,000 is paid
for this postal service between Sacramento and
Olymnia?
Mr. STOUT. Under the law of 1855.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am certain that no ap-
propriation of that kind is made.
Mr. STOUT. Oh, yes; it costs $120,000 a year
under the law of 1855.
Mr. SHERMAN. For postal service ?
Mr. STOUT. Yes; for ocean postage service
from San Francisco to Puget Sound, by the way
of Astoria.
Mr.SHERMAN. I think the gentleman must
be mistaken. I wish he would show me that ap-
propriation in the Post Office bill.
Mr. STOUT. I know that I am not mistaken.
I know that we get the mail and pay $10,000 a
month for carrying it. I call for the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under ifs operation the
bill was passed.
Mr. STOUT moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
INVALID PENSIONS.
Mr. NELSON, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to repeal part of an act entitled "An :
act making appropriations for the payment of!
" invalid and other pensions of the United States, '
for the year ending June 30, 1860," approved 1
March 3,1859; which was read a first and second j
time, and referred to the Committee on Invalid j
Pensions. '
UGHT-IIOTJSE APPROPRIATION BILL. j
Mr. ELIOT. I move that the Committee of j
the Whole on the state ofthe Union be discharged
from the further consideration of House bill No.
350, making appropriations for light-houses, bea-
cons, buoys, &c., that it may be considered now.
The bill was read*.
Mr. BURNETT. That bill makes direct ap-
propriations of over seven hundred thousand dol-
lars, and no man can tellhowmuch isappropriated
under other sections of the bill. I therefore ob-
ject to the discharge of the committee.
Mr. ELIOT* Very well. The gentleman has
a perfect right to object. I move to suspend the
rules.
Mr. BURNETT. On that I ask for the yeag
and nays.
Mr. feURCH. I desire to suggest to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts a modification of his
motion: that he move to suspend the rules, in
order to go into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and take up ihe bill for
consideration.
Mr. STANTON. And make it a special order
for this day.
Mr. ELIOT. 1 have no objection to that course
being pursued. I make that motion.
Mr. HARDEMAN. Does not that require a
two-thirds vote?
The SPEAKER. It does.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I understand the propo-
sition of the gentleman from Massachusetts to be
to go into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. That only requires a simple
majority. The motion to make it a special order
requires a two-thirds vote.
The SPEAKER. That is correct, in the opin-
ion of the Chair. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts asks to have the bill made a special
order; and that requires a two-thirds vote.
Mr. ELIOT. I understand that there are sev-
eral gentlemen who desire to have the action of
the House on matters of importance, and I do
not like to stand in the way. I am, therefore,
willing that the Ilouse shall go into the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
assign this bill as a special order for four o'clock
to-day. Gentlemen can then have the time be-
tween this and four o'clock for their business.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman cannot em-
body his two motions together. He may move
to go into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, but cannot make with it the
motion to make the bill a special order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky is right. The Chains of opinion that they
arc separate motions.
Mr. ELIOT. Then I move to suspend the
rules, so that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union may be discharged from the
further consideration ofthe bill.
Mr. BURNETT. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BURNETT. There are not present at
this time more than one hundred and twenty-five
members. Tiiis is a very important vote, and I
move that there he a call of the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 hope that
motion will be agreed to. There are a great
many empty benches on this side of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that
motion is not in order pending a motion to sus-
pend the rules.
Mr. BURIN ETT. I think the motion is cer-
tainly in order. There is no previous question
pending.
The SPEAKER, The Chair knows of no mo-
tion, except a motion to adjourn, of higher priv-
ilege than a motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. CRAWFORD. But I understood by the
gentleman from Illinois, that there is no objection
to it on that side of the House. I think there is
certainly none on this.
The SPEAKER. It may be done by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. HARDEMAN. I see no objcct in con-
suming the time of the House in this way. 1
object.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 77, nays 62; as follows:
YCAS—Mcssis. Aldrich, Will.am C. Anderson, Bing-
ham, Blake. Biavton, Buffinton, Buich, Buiterfield,Carey,
Caiter, Ca-^e, iloiace I''. Claik, Collax, Corwm, II.Winter
Davi-?, Delano, Dunn, Edwaids, Eliot, Ethendge, Farns-
woith, Ferry, Fiench, Hail, J. Morrison Harris, Helmiek,
William A. Ilouaid, liumphiey, Irvine, Junkm, Francis
W, Kellogg. William Kellogg, Kenvon, Killmger, Lan-
dmen, Lauaboe, DeWitt C. Loach, Maelay, McKean, Mc-
Iinsftht, MePher&on, Mooihead, Moiiill, Edwaid Joy Mor-
ik-, Isaac N. Moms, Peiry, Petut, Poitei, Potter, Pottle,
Reynolds, Rice, Christopher Robinson, Royce, Ruffin,
Schwartz, Scott, Sickles, Spmnei,William Stewart, Stout,
Stratton,Tappan, Thayer,Tompkins, Train,Vallandighani,
Vandever, Verree, Waldron, Walton, Ellihu B. Wash-
bume, Israel Washburn, Wells, Windom, and Woodruff
—77.
NAYS—Messis. Allen, Avery, Bocoek, Boteler, Bou-
ligny, Brahson, Bristow, Burnett, John B. (.'lark, Clopton,
Cobb, John Cochrane, Burton Craige, Crawfoid, David-
sno, John G. Davis, Reuben Davis, English, Gaurell, Gil-
mer, Hamilton, Hardeman, John T. Harris, Hatton, Hill,
Hindman, Holman, Houston, Jones, Lamar, James M.
Leach, Logan, Love, Mallory, Maynard, McQueen, Mill-
son, Montgomery, Lahan T. Moore, Sydenham Moore,
Niblaek, Pendleton, Peyton, Phelps, Cluarles, Reagan,
Riggs, Siinms, Singleton, Stallworth, Stanton, Stevenson,
James A. Stewart, Stokes, Theaker, Thomas, Trimble,
Underwood, Vallandighani. Whiteley, and Wright—62.
So (two thirds not having voted in the affirma-
tive) the rules were not suspended.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. HUGHES stated that he had paired for
the remainder of the day with Mr. Longstecker.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri, stated that Mr.
Noei.i. had paired with Mr. Burlingame.
Mr. ASHMORE, not being within the bar
when his name was called, asked leave to vote.
Objection was made.
Mr. BONHAM also asked leave to vote, not
being within the bar when his name was called.
Objection was made.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri, stated that his col-
league, Mr. Woodson, was detained from the
House by sickness.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. ELIOT. I now move to make this bill a
special older in Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union for next Tuesday week, after
the morning hour.
Mr. BURNETT. I object to that motion.
Mr. PHELPS. If the gentleman will fix a
week from to-day, I will not object.
Mr. BURNETT. If the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts will vary his motion in that way, I
will withdraw my objection.
Mr. WALTON. If the gentleman does so vary
his motion, T will object.
Mr. ELIOT. I think I had better adhere to
my motion as I made it.
Mr. CRAWFORD called for the yeas and nays
upon the motion.
Mr. THEAKER called for tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were appointed; and Messrs. Joiin
Cochrane and Theaker were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 26, noes 78.
So (one fifth voting in the affirmative) the yeas
and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 94, nays 46*, as follows:
YEAS—Ulcers. Chailc* F. Adams, Green Adams. Ala-
nd), William C. Andeipon, Batr, Blake, Bravton, Briggs,
Bnflinton, Buieh, Butterfickl, Caiey, Carter, Case, Uoiace
F. Claik, John Coelnane, Collax, Coiwm, Covode. David
son, H. Wintci Davif, 'Pdano, Duell, Dunn, Edwards,
Eliot, Ely, Farnsworth, Fenton, Fetry, Frank, IVenoh,
Graham, Hall, Hamilton, J. Moinson Hams, Helmiek,
Hill, Hoard, William A. Howaui, Humpluey. Irvine, Jun-
kin, Francis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Killings, Lar-
rahpe, DeWitt C. Leach, Maynaul, MeKean, MeKniglit,
McPheison, Lahan T. Moore, Moorhead, Mouill, lviwaid
Joy Morris, Nelson, Perry, Pettit, Porter, Potter, PoiUu,
Ilevnolds, ltiee, Rigg5*, Christopher [lobinson, Rnyoe, Riif-
fin, Schwartz, Seott, Sherman, William N. II. Smith,
Spinner, Stanton, Stevens, James A. Stewart, Stout, Snat-
toti, Tappan,Thavcr,The«iker, Tompkins, Train, Tumble,
Vance, Vandevei, Verree, Waldron, Walton, Eilihu 13.
Washhurne, Israel Washburn, Wells, Windom, and Wood-
ruff—94.
NAYS —Messrs. Ashmove, Avery, Rarksdale, Bonham, ■
Boteler. Eiah&on, Bristow, Burnett, John B. Claik, Clop-
ton, Cobb. Buiton Ciaige, Crawfoid, John G. Davis Ucuben
Davi^, Garticll, Gilmer, Ilaidcman, John T. Hat-
ton, Hmdman, Hohnan, Houston, Jones, Kunkel, Lan-
dnnn, James M. Leach, Leake, Mallory, McQueen, Mill-
son, Montgomery. Sydenham Moore, Xiblack, Pennington,
Phelps,Tr\or, Q-uailc*, Reagan, Simm--, Singleton, Stol.cs,
Thomas, Underwood, Window, and Wiight—*18.
So (two thirds voting m the affirmative) the
rules were suspended.
Before the vote was announced,
Mr. SHERMAN stated that his colleague, Mr.
Hutchins, had paired with his other colleague,
Mr. Cox.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill made
the special order in the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union for Tuesday of next
j week, after the morning hour.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote by
which the motion was agreed to; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
