1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2611
  ilENRY WOODS.
Mr. MOORHEAD asked the unanimous con-
sent of the House to discharge the Committee of
the Whole House on the Private Calendar from
the consideration of joint resolution (H. R. No.
32) for the relief of Henry Woods.
The joint resolution was read. It directs the
Secretary of the Treasury to reopen the account
of Henry Woods, late superintendent of the con-
struction of the custom-house, court-house, post
office, &c., at Pittsburg-, Pennsylvania, and to
settle the same in accordance with the provisions
of the act of 8th August, 1856, entitled 41 An act
making appropriations for certain civil expenses
of the Government for the year ending 30th June,
1857."
There being no objection, the rules were sus-
pended, and the bill brought before the House for
consideration.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and road a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MOORHEAD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MRS. FERGUSON SMITH.
Mr. HARDEMAN. I ask that the Committee
of the Whole House on the Private Calendar be
discharged from the consideration of House bill
No. 548, for the relief of Mrs. Ferguson Smith.
The bill was objected to the other day by the
gentleman fromlVLssouri, [Mi'.Noell,] who sup-
posed an appropriation of more than six thou-
sand dollars was made by it. It really appropri-
ates not as many hundreds. It is for the relief of
a poor widow in my district ninety years old.
The biil was read. It directs the Secretary of
the Interior to place the name of Mrs. Ferguson
Smith, widow of Robert Smith, upon the list of
widows entitled to half pay, and to pay her the
sum of twenty dollars per annum, under the act
of 7th June, 1833, for the revolutionary services
of her said husband, Robert Smith, who was en-
titled to a pension under the act of June 7, 1832,
commencing March 4, 1831, until his death, and
in her own right, pay her from the death of her
husband, during her life, or if dead, to the sur-
viving children of Ferguson Smith.
Mr. BURNETT. This bill goes back until
1832.
Mr. HARDEMAN. The bill is drawn strictly
in accordance with the law.
Mr. BURNETT. { shall certainly object to
the bill in its present shape.
Mr. HARDEMAN. I move to suspend the
rul'^s.
Mr. BURNETT. 1 call for the yeas and nays
upon that motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama. I call for tellers on
the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The rules were suspended, (two thirds having
voted therefor,) and the bill brought before the
House for consideration.
Mr. HARDEMAN. I call the previous ques-
tion on the engrossment of the bill.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to ask my colleague
if this bill is correctly printed? If it is, and only
gives Mrs. Smith twenty dollars per annum, 1
shall make no factious opposition to it.
Mr. HARDEMAN. It is correctly printed.
It commences with 1831, and goes to the death
of her husband. It is drawn strictly in accord-
ance with the law.
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama, called for tellers
on seconding the demand for the previous ques-
tion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Hardeman
and Buffixtox appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 96, noes 28.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered to be put.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HARDEMAN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
GEORG$ P. MAKSH.
On motion of Mr. PRYOR, by unanimous con-
sent, the Committee of the Whole on the Private
Calendar was discharged from the consideration
of House bill No. 8, for the relief of George P.
Marsh.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary of
the Treasury to audit and settle the accounts of
George P. Marsh, late minister resident of the
United States to the Ottoman Porte, for additional
compensation and expenses incurred by him in
the performance of special services not pertaining
to his mission, and at a point different from that
to which he was accredited, in compliance with
instructions from the Department of State; and
for judicial services rendered by him under the
act of August, 1848, entitled "An act to carry
into effect certain provisions in the treaties be-
tween the United States and China and the Otto-
man Porte, giving certain judicial powers to the
ministers and consuls of the United States in those
countries;" in settling which accounts, the sum
of $9,000 shall be allowed as compensation for
said special services in the mission to Greece; and
in ascertaining the amount of said expenses the
certificate of the party shall be regarded as suffi-
cient, where no regular voucher can be produced;
and a further allowance, at the rate of $1,000 per
annum, shall be made to the said George P.
Marsh for his judicial services during the period
of his said mission to the Ottoman Porte.
The bill was reported with an amendment, as
follows;
Strike out all alter the enacting clause, and insert aa fol-
lows :
That the Secretary of the Treasury he, and he is hereby,
authoiized to payGeoige P. Man>h, late nnni&icr to the
Ottoman Pwito, our of any monov in the Treasury nototli-
ciwi&c appiop; iated, the t-um of .«i),0U0,in full ioi all claims
he may have on account of fpeci.ll services icndeied by
him m Grcrce in the yeai* 3852 and 1B5D, under instruc-
tions fjom the State Depaitinont.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. PRYOR moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DIPLOMATIC AND CONSULAR SYSTEMS.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania, called up the
motion to reconsider the vote by which House
bill No. 765, to amend an act entitled " An act
to regulate the diplomatic and consular systems
of the United States,"approved August 18,1856,
was referred to the Committee of the Whole pn
the state of the Union.
There being no objection, the motion to recon-
sider was agreed to, and the biil taken up for con-
sideration in the House.
The bill was read. It provides that consuls
appointed to the ports and places hereinafter spe-
cified, which shall be placed in schedules B and
C in the act to which tins is an amendment, shall
be entitled to compensation for their services, re-
spectively, at the rates per annum hereinafter
specified. Schedule B: Consuls—Swatou,§4,000;
Bremen, $3,000; Assumption, $1,500; Malta,
$1,500; Barcelona, $1,500; Florence, $1,500; Gib-
raltar, $1,000. Schedule C: Aiica, $500. The
second section requires that the provisions of this
act shall take effect fiom and after the 30th day
of June, 1860.
Mr. GARTRELL. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to accept an amendment, including
Hanover at $1,000 per annum. I understand that
the compensation of the consul at that port is now
about forty-five dollars per annum. We all know
it is an important port. I understand there is a
recommendation from the Secretary of State that
this change shall be made, and I hope it will be
made.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I have no
power to accept the amendment. I have no ob-
jection to it, if the House sec fit so to amend the
bill.
There being no objection, the amendment was
accordingly made.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I now call for
the previous question on the engrossment and
third reading of the bill.
Mr. BARR. I ask the gentleman also to allow
an amendment to be made fixing the salary of;the
consul at Assumption at $2,000, instead of (1,500;
Mr. MORRIS,ofPennsylvania. Ido notthink
that would be a proper amendment. I insist upon
my demand for the previous question.
Mr. FLORENCE. I desire to ask my colleague
whether it is not intended to establish commercial
relations with Cologne at this time by requiring a
consul there?
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. That ques^
tion was not brought before the committee.
Mr. FLORENCE. Very well. I only wanted
to know how that was.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third time.
The SPEAKER. Shall the bill pass?
Mr. HOUSTON. Will this bill come up to-
morrow as unfinished business if the House now
adjourns?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I move that the House-
do now adjourn. I do not do so for the purpose
of getting rid of this bill, though 1 am not in favor
of it.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. The gentle-
man cannot make that motion, as the House was
in the act of dividing at the time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the point
of order well taken, and the motion cannot be
made while the House is dividing.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I ask for the reading 6f
the bill again. In the confusion in the Hall it
was utterly impossible to hear it.
The bill was again read.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Now, I ask the Hotise
to give us the yeas and nays upon the passage of
this bill.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I have no
objection whatever to that. If there ever was a
righteous bill before this House, this is one.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I have nothing to say upon
that point. I desire only the yeas and nays.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. COLFAX. I desire to say that the state
of this question is just this: the question was put
to the House upon the passage of this bill, and a
response was heard. The House was dividing,
and it was a mere matter of courtesy to the other
side that proceedings were suspended and the bill
read; and the gentleman cannot now move to ad-
journ.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the motion to adjourn is* in order. The gentleman
from Alabama has aright to make that motion
after a call for the yeas and nays.
The question was put on the motion to adjourn,
and it was dccided in the negative.
So thejiouse refused to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were then ordered.
Mr. ASIIMORE. Is this a bill providing for
new offices,and affixing salaries to them; or does
it simply give salaries instead of fees to offices
winch have heretofore existed?
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. In reply to
the gentleman from South Carolina, I will say
that\here is not a single new consul provided for
in the hill except that at Swatou, and for that
the salary proposed is exactly that which is paid
at Canton and Shanghae.
Mr. ASIIMORE. It provides, then, for new
salaries for offices already established t
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I think I
could reply to the gentleman more satisfactorily
if I should allude to the offices in detail. Swatou
promises to be the most important porfin China,
it is at the mouth of the Kwang river, where is
one of the most secure harbors upon the coast of
China.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to debate, if the
previous question has been called.
Mr. ASHMORE. I am satisfied.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. Let me say
that every item of this bill is recommended by the
State Department.
The question was then put; and it was decided
in the affirmative—-yeas 65, nays 58; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldnch, Barr, Bingham, Blake, Bou-
ligny, Brayton, Brigga, Butterfield, Carter, Case, John B.
Clark, Colfax, Corwin, Covode, Curtis, H. Wmter Davis,
Delano, Duell, Dunn, Ely, Fenton, Florence, Frank,
French, Hale, Hall, Hardeman, Hatton, Helmick, JIiH,
Humphrey, Irvine, Jim kin, Fiancis W. Kellogg, William
Kellogg, Kilhnger, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, Loomis, Love,
