1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1661
that there arc one hundred and fifty-two districts
in the United States which have a less voting pop-
ulation than the voting population of Kansas.
Here is what lie says:
" Of tho two hundred and thirty-seven congressional dis-
tricts in the Union, there were, by the official returns ot' the
last congressional election, one hundred and fifty-two dis-
tricts that polled each Icfs than seventeen thousand votes.
So the legal vote of Kansas on the first Tuesday of April,
A. D. 1859, exceeded that of any one of almost two thirds
of the congressional districts in the Union."
There is, as I understand, (and if I am wrong
the Delegate from Kansas will correct me,) a regis-
try of the voters of Kansas, which required six
months'residence. Upon it there are some twenty -
seven thousand names! 1 believe that I am right
in this. The number as stated by the Delegate is
over twenty thousand. Therefore, I have no dif-
ficulty in voting upon this bill, so far as the subject
of population is concerned.
Mr. PARROTT. There is no record, so far as
I know, of the aggregate number of voters regis-
tered in Kansas. 1 think, sir, howevei>that it
is over twenty thousand.
Mr. COX. I understood the gentleman from
Kansas to say that there are ovei twenty thou-
sand voters there. His friend, ex-Governor Stan-
ton, told me, when I was conversing with him
yesterday, that the number was near twenty-seven
thousand. That is greatly more than the voting
population of most of the districts in the United
States. This number indicates clearly at least one
hundred thousand people.
Mr. Speaker, I will not undertake to vindicate
my vote for the conference bill. At the time it was
passed, there was a good deal of talk about the
" bribe and threat;" but that talk, sir, is now obso-
lete. Throughout the country itwas charged upon
the Democrats from the North who voted for it,
that they had dishonored themselves and insulted
Kansas by this conference arrangement. There
was no foundation for the charge. The people of
Kansas scaled it with their condemnation. They
gave a free, unbiased vote to reject the Lecompton
constitution. That vote was my answer to the
charge.
It is no reason for me, sir, to vote against this
bill, that Kansas is a Republican State. I will
not follow the example of the Republican sid-o
of the House m the case of Minnesota and Ore-
gon. I will not vote against free States because
their politics may be disagreeable. But, sir, I
believe that Kansas would be recorded to-day
as a Democratic State if outside influences had
not been at work last summer for the defeat of
the Democracy. Governor Medary was beaten
for Governor by only nineteen hundred and nine-
ty-one votes. I charge that, by the operation of
the registry law, there were at least two thousand
voteis, mostly Democrats, who were prevented
from voting. These were men who had been m
Kansas three years and more.
Mr. PARROTT. Whom docs the gentleman
give as his authority?
Mr. COX. I obtained the information from
the Governor of the Territory.
Mr. PARROTT. What Governor ?
Mr. COX. Governor Medary, sir.
Mr. PARROTT. I deny it.
Mr. COX. The gentleman's denial can go
upon the record. These were men who had been
there three years, and who before had voted the
Republican ticket. They wanted to change then-
votes, and to vote the Democratic ticket. They
were kept out by the Republican registers through-
out the Territory. At places, some men were
registered twice, over the county lines. Again,
whole townships were thrown out where the votes
were cast for Governor Medary. I charge, too,
that money was sent by this immaculate Repub-
lican party to Kansas, to overthrow the Demo-
cratic party. The Republican Governor of New
Yoik—Governor Morgan—was the treasurer of
this Kansas fund. Money was raised East for
the purpose of controlling the election in that
Territory. I submit it to the honest gentlemen
who are inquiring after money used in elections,
that they had better look into this matter, and see
whether the victory over the Democracy in Kan-
sas was not obtained by the venality and corrup-
tion of men outside, whose money was sent in
for the purpose of breaking down what would
have been the popular voice in Kansas. I do not
speak this simply upon the authority of Gov-
ernor Medary. This matter came out in Kansas;
and this is the way it came out: the parties con-
cerned quarreled over the fund.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I want to under-
stand a remark made by the gentleman from Ohio.
He has stated, as I understand him, that many
names were kept off the registry, and that many
were put there which had no right to be put there.
Mr. COX. I mean that some were registered
twice over county lines, changing their names
very little, and some not changing their names at
all.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. If there were
names upon the registry, how then can the gen-
tleman make that registry a guide to decide the
population of Kansas ?
Mr. COX. I do not regard it as a perfect guide.
It enables us to approximate towards the popu-
lation. I do not suppose that the whole registry
is corrupt. We know that in a Territory like
Kansas, where the people are so scattered and
sparse, the whole voting population can never be
all brought out. This registry, however, is fair
data from which to infer, with probable certainty,
the fact of population. To this the gentleman
bows his assent—docs he not?
Now, Mr. Speaker, I can tell you how this mat-
ter about the Kansas money fund came out. I
want the immaculate gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia [Mr. Covode] to look after it in his investi-
gations. It was charged that Conway and Lane
got $1,000 out of the fund to make delegates for
themselves and against Robinson. The fund was
only designed for the elections, not for the nomin-
ations. Itwas used to beat a better Republican
by worse Republicans; and what remained was
turned in against the heroic band of unaided na-
tional Democrats who fought the good fight last
summer.
When reproached with these frauds, the Repub-
licans replied: 44 We were cheated at first, and are
only paying you up!" But they added to the force
and fraud of the passionate fights of 1855-56 the
cunning of the speculator, the zealotry of the fa-
natic, and the corrupt venality of New York and
New England politics.'
I believe that if Kansas had fair play, she would,
as all the new States have done until corrupted,
throw off* the uncongenial rule of this repugnant
Republican politics, and take the policy whit h has
made the northwestern States so great and so pow-
erful m so short a time!
Mr. DUNN. But they are all Republican States
now.
Several Republican Members. We have them
all.
Mr. COX. Not all quite. I trust that^hose
which you now have will soon return to that
Democratic policy which has made them what
they are. Unless they do so return, their great-
ness and prosperity in the future will not keep
pace with their past progress.
But whatever may be the politics of Kansas—
however objectionable may be her boundaries—
she had a fair election on the 4th April, 1859, for
calling a constitutional convention; on the 7th
June for the delegates; on the 4th of October, out
of fifteen thousand nine hundred and fifty-one
reported votes, ten thousand four hundred and
twenty-one were for the constitution as made;
and subsequently some seventeen thousand men
voted under all the disadvantages to which I have
referred; while sixteen counties sent no returns
on the constitution. But there were people enough
who voted to show a substantial compliance with
the rule for the ratio of a member of Congress. I
would not be nice about the exact number of
ninety-three thousand four hundred and twenty.
As Mr. Seward argued in the Oregon case, a sub-
stantial compliance with the rule as to population,
will answer the requirement.
I do not vote for this admission to get rid of this
question. 1 have higher motives. It is right.
Right, because all parties hitherto have encour-
aged by votes the admission. No one has ques-
tioned the population foradmission as to this State.
Right, because the State is ripe for statehood. Its
interests are neglected cruelly by the Federal
Congress. Such has been her history, that she
will ever remain under a cloud while in her ter-
ritorial nonage. I vote for heradmission, because
I pledged myself so to do, by my vote under the
English-Montgomery bill; because I voted to allow
her another chance, if Lecompton was rejected
under the English bill. Sfee has taken that oppor-
tunity. I have a happy and jubilant satisfaction
in giving this vote. History has thoroughly jus-
tified my action. I challenge any one .to show at'
word in my remarks on the English- bill, which,
is not to-day fulfilled. By it, Lecompton was de-
throned. The people seized the Almost escaped
scepter of sovereignty. They fixed that sover-
eignty in a constitution at Wyandotte. UndeHt
I have the opportunity, as a member of a x&w'
Congress, after being justified by my people, to
vote for that undoubted and unambiguous expres-
sion of the popular will of Kansas.
For voting for this English bill—even after I was
justified by the popular vote of Kansas In the sum-
merof1858—I was compelled to meetfrom Repub-
licans at home a campaign unexampled for its un-
provokedfierceness, its base and baseless charges
of personal corruption, its conceit, its ignorance,
its impudence, its poltroonery, its billingsgate,
its brutality, its moneyed corruption, its fanatical
folly, its unflagging slang, its drunken saturnalia,
and its unblushing libels and pious hypocrisy'.
At the capital of Ohio, in its most noble and intel-
ligent precincts, the people, ashamed of and indig-
nantatthe audacious falsehood and brazen clamor,
from the Republican presses, of the State—from
^he United States Senator, who, judging by his
treatment of me at the capital of his State, disgraces
the other end of the Capitol—and from the little
penny-a-liners and pettifoggers, who echoed the
libels of Republican members fresh from this floor
—in spite of all this the people doubled my ma-
jority of 1856! I had the satisfaction—prouder
than a temporary victory—of seeing the policy I
had voted for with earnest and honest conviction
of duty, and with the sustaining advice of such a
statesman as Robert J. Walker, vindicated by
time, and sustained by its practical operation. As
the crowning act of this triumph, I shall vote for
the admission of Kansas, under this constitution!
In doing this, I court all criticism, defy all menace,
and truly represent almost every man, woman, and
child in my district.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, obtained the floor.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. Will my friend
from Virginia allow me to ask a question ? I want
to know whether it is the purpose to press this
matter to a vote to-day. [Cries of" Certainly it
is."]
Mr. GROW. I hope so. There is a special
order to-morrow.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. PRYOR. I rise to a question of privilege.
I ask the gentleman from Virginia to yield to me.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Certainly.
Mr. PRYOR. I would like the attention of an
honorable member of this House from Wiscon-
sin, [Mr. Potter.] In the Globe of this morn-
ing 1 find the following report of a scene which
occurred upon this floor some few days since:
"Mi. Pottc.1i. We listened to gentlemen upon the other
side for eight week*, when they denounced the members
upon this side with violent and offensive language. We
listened to them quietly, and heard them through. And
now, sir, this sude shall be heard, let the consequences be
what they may.
" Mr. Pryor. The point I make is this 
"The Chairman. The Chair will receive no motion,
and hear no gentleman, until members resume their seats,
and oider is restored in the Hall.
" Mr. Cox. 1 rise to a point of order. I insist that the
gentleman fiom Illinois shall ppeak from his seat.
" xMr. Pryor. That is the point f make. Let the gen-
tleman speak from his seat, and say all under the rules he
is entitled to say; but, sir, he ihall not come upon this &ide,
shaking his fist m our faces and talking in the style he has
talked. He shall not come here gesticulating in a menacing
and ruffianly manner.
" Mr. Potter. You are doing the same thing.
"The Churman. Gentlemen will resume their seats.
" Mr. Cox. If the gentleman from Illinois goes on as he
has, a guardian will have to be appotnted for him>
" Mr. Barksdale, (addressing Mr. Lovejoy.) You shall
not come upon this side of the House.
" Mr. Adrain. To avoid all iurther difficulty, I suggest
to the gentleman from Illinois to speak fiom his seat. We
all know him to be a man of courage, and that he cannot
he intimidated.
" Mr. Pryor. No one wants to intimidate him.
" Mr. Lovejoy. Nobody can intimidate me.
" Mr. Adrain. I know that. I suggest to the gentleman
that he continue his speech from his scat.
" [Thirty or forty of the members? from both sides of the
House gathered in the area about Mr. Lovejoy and Mr.
Pryor, and there was increased confusion.]
" Mr. John Cochrane. 1 move that the committee ri#e,
as it is the only way wc can get rid of this disturbance.
"Mr. Potter, i do not believe that side of the House
can say where a member shall speak; and they shall not
" Mr. Singleton. The gentleman from Illinois shall not
make that speech from this side of the House.
