1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
647
the courtesy extended to us the other day, the
other side taking the responsibility of adjourn-
ment, and of the delay of organization. I speak
only for myself.
Many Democrats. We take it.
Mr. STANTON. Well, then, let us vote to
adjouru.
•Mr. WASHRURNE, of Illinois. If we ad-
journ, will the other side agree to have a ballot at
twelve o'clock to-morrow?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I desire that there
shall he an agreement that, on the meeting of the
House to-morrow, we proceed to ballot, without
debate.
Some Democratic Members shouted "Yes!"
and others shouted " No!" [Great noise and con-
fusion in the Hall, and loud calls to order.]
Mr, HARRIS, of Virginia. No, no. Noagree-
ment.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Is there any ob-
jection to this proposition? [Cries of "Yes!"
and "No!"]
Mr. STANTON. Hear me one moment.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. With the under-
standing, then, that after a call of the House to-
monow we shall procced to a ballot, I conscnt to
urge an adjournment. [Criesof "Thatis right!5']
Is that consented to on the other side > [Cries of
"It is!"] Well, then, it is consented to on the
otherside. [Some Democratic members expressed,
dissent.] I understand there is general consent;
and, therefore, I hope our friends will agree to ad-
journ.
The CLERK. Is the call for the yeas and nays
withdrawn ? x
Mr. BUFFINTON. No, sir.
# Mr. BURNETT. Well, I withdraw the mo-
tion to adjourn.
Mr. FLORENCE. Audi withdraw the motion
to adjourn over.
Mr. BURNETT, (ntaquarter past four o'clock,
p. m.) I move that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. SPINNER demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. KEITT called for tellers on the yeas and
nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Iveitt and
Burnett were, appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes sixty-six.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BURNETT. I would make a statement
to gentlemen on the other side, if they would hear
me. "We are not,, ready to ballot again, to-day.
On last Friday, when you stated that you were
not ready to ballot, we agreed to adjourn. It is
true, a-.", the gentleman from Indiana has remarked,
that there had been a previous vote on the motion
to adjourn till Monday, and that there had been
a majority in favor of that motion. The object
now of the Democratic party, and of those op-
posed to the Republican organization, is not a
factious opposition. We tell you frrmkly that
you cannot have another ballot to-night. Rut I
say to you this: that to-morrow, after a prelimi-
nary vote or call of the House, to see whether all
of our men arc here, we will vote directly for
Speaker; and i think I can speak for the Demo-
cratic party.
Republican Members. That will do.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is, if all our men are
here.
[Cries of " That will do " "Let us adjourn!"]
Mr. BURNETT. With that understanding, I
hope that the gentleman who demanded the yeas
and nays will withdraw the call.
Mr. "SPINNER. I withdraw it.
The motion to adjourn was agreed to; and there-
upon (at twenty minutes past four o'clock,p. m.)
th®House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 1, J860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a report of the Secretary of State, communicating,
in compliance with law, a statement of the fees
received by the consular officers of the United
States for the year 1858; the tariff of consular fees,
and a list of all consular officers, on the 31st of
December, 1859, with other papers; which, on mo-
tion of Mr. Hamlin, was referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce; and a motion by him to print
the report, was- referred to the Committee on
Printing.
i PETITIONS.
Mr. RICE presented a memorial of citizens of
New TJlm, Minnesota, praying an investigation
of certain outiages committed by a body of United
States soldiers stationed at Fort Ridgely, the pun-
ishment of the guilty parties, anct indemnification
for the losses suffered; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and Militia.
Mr. CLAY presented the memorial of Edward
D. Tippett, a soldier in the war of 1812, praying
to be allowed bounty land; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
REPORT OP A COMMITTEE.
Mr. FITZPATRICK, from the Committee on
Military Affairs and Militia, to whom was re-
ferred the petition of R. F. Blocker, E. J. Gurley,
and J. F. Davis, licensed practitioners of law in
Texas, praying compensation for defending Cap-
tain Anderson, his officers, and men, who were ar-
rested and tiied for an alleged violation of the law
of Texas in executing an order of their superior
officer, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill
(S. No. 114) for the relief of R. F. Blocker, E.
J. Guiley, and .T. F. Davis. The bill was read,
and passed to a second reading; and the report
was ordered to be printed.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. GREEN asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 115)
granting to James M. Hughs and John J. Mudd
the right of way through the public lands to con-
struct a line of telegraph fiom Missouri, Arkan-
sas, or Texas, to Los Angelos, California; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
COMMITTEE ON PRIVATE LAND CLAIMS.
On motion of Mr. BENJAMIN, it was
Ordered, Th.it the Vice Pn talent appoint a member to
fill the vacancy m tlic Committee on Private Land Claims.
HEATING TIIE CAPITOL.
Mr. CLAY submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Pre>idcnt of the United States be re-
quested to communicate, if m hi?, judgment compatible with
the public interest, such information as the public offices
mu\ alibi d of all p<u inenH, agreements. and unan^emcnt^
made, ami of all proposals whu h have been received or
invited, in teialionto the heating and ventilating of the Cap-
itol and Po-it Othee extension, together with the eorie:-pond-
enee and action, to far a-^ any ha* boon taken thereon, of
later date than that communicated to the Senate in an<wci
to the losolut ' . of 31th June. 18.">8.
SALARY TO ARMY OFFICERS.
Mr. HALE. I desire to introduce n resolution,
and I wjflit to say a single word in regard to it,
and that is, I understand the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs have reported a hill approximating
somewhat to this. 1 think it is a great principle
which ought to be adopted; and if there is no ob-
jection to the resolution, I ask that it be consid-
ered now:
Raolved, That the Committee on Mihtaiy Affairs and
Militia be instructed to inquire into the evpi dieney of pay-
ins the officers ol the Armv each a gro<-s sum per annum,
m lieu of the sevoidl allowances and commutations now
allowed b> law.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to amend it by insert-^
mg, "and officers of the marine corps," after
" Army."
The amendment was agreed to; and the reso-
lution, as amended, was adopted.
TERRITORIAL POLICY.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
following resolution, which wos submitted by Mr.
Pugh, on the 15th ultimo:
ile*o/rerf,Thatthe Committee on ToriUoiirsbe instructed
to inquire into the expediency of repealing so much of the
aot& appioved September 9. 1?.">0. tor the oiganization of
tenitoiiai governments in .Ww Mexieo and Utah, as re-
quire* that all the law* passed by the Legislatures of those
i Territories! shall be submitted to Congies& foi approval or
| K-jeetion.
I The pending question being on the amendment
; oflered by Mr. Hahlan', to insert, at the end of
1 the resolution, the following:
j Ami said committee is also instructed to inquire into the
' piopriety of authorizing the people of each of said Terri-
tories to elect nil their territorial officers, executive, legis-
lative, and judicial, in such manner as the Legislature
thereof shall provide.
Mr. WADE. My colleague who offered the
resolution is not here, nor is the Senator who
moved the amendment. Perhaps it had better lie
over until they comc in. I move that it lie on the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
DOME OF TIIE CAPITOL.
Mr. BRIGHT. I submit the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds be instructed to inquire whether any doubt, as to
the stability and safety of the work of the dome of the Cap-
itol, has caused its slow progress; whether anvchange has
been made in the plan* laid before the committees ot Con-
gress at the time the appropriations were made; also what
relation the prices, paul oi to be paid, bear to the original
estimates, and whether the estimates aie now considered
sufficient. What contracts?, agreement, bids, or pioposals
foi woik or mateualb have been made, invited, or rejected.
And whethci it is expedient to arrest the continuation of
the woik.
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds be instructed to inquire in the present state of the
contract* and airangements for completing the porticoes of
the Capitol extension; whether it is possible to fulfill the
pi esent conn acts for matble and foi maiblc columns, and
whether any additional legislation is necessary on this sub-
ject.
Mr. BRIGHT. These resolutions refer some
important matters to the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds, the appropriate commit-
tee to consider them, and I hope there will be no
objection to the passage of the resolutions.
Mr. HALL. I shall not object to that, and
shall vote for them, and if the Senator does not
want an amendment I shall not propose any, but
if he does notpioposc an amendment I shall offer
a resolution to-morrow instructing them to extend
that inquiry still further as to the ability and ca-
pacity of the old building to sustain the dome
thnt is to be erected upon it according to the plan.
I do not believe it myself, and 1 think the better
way would be to tear that old thing down.
. Mr. BRIGHT. That is a matter we shall con-
sider of course, if it is the pleasure of the Senate
to refer these resolutions to the appropriate com-
mittee. I have no objection to an amendment,
such as that proposed by the Senator, or he can
offer it in a separate form.
Mr. HALE. I will offer it to-morrow.
Mr. HAMLIN. I did not hear the first clause
of the resolutions read, and I ask the Senator
from Indiana if there is anything there which calls
for the amount already expended?
Mr. BRIGHT. There is not.
Mr. liAMLLNr. Then I move to amend the
first resolution by adding, at the end of it, the
words, " and the amount already expended."
Mi. BRIGHT. To report the amount already
expended?
Mr. HAMLIN. Yes; to report the amount
already expended.
Mr. BRIGHT. That is shown, however, by
the record.
Mr. HAMLIN. Let us have it altogether.
Mr. BRIGHT. Very weliv I have no objec-
tion to the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to; and the reso-
lutions, as amended, were adopted.
SENATE LIBRARY.
The Senate next proceeded to consider the fol-
lowing resolution, submitted by Mr. Mallory,
on the 23d of December, 1859:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Library be iu-
stiucted to inquire into the expediency of having a suit-
able loom fitted up for a Senate library.
The resolution was agreed, to.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND RK^RRRED.
Mr. PUGH. I ask that the petition and papers
in support of the claim of Adam Scner, of Stark
county, Ohio, a soldier in the war of 1812, to a
pension, be taken from the files, and referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CLAY. I ask the Senator if the Commit-
tee on Pensions has hitherto acted adversely on
the petition ?
Mr. PUGH. I am not aware of it.
Mr. CLAY. If the committee has once re-
ported, it would not be in order unless some new
evidence were offered.
Mr. PUGH. My impression is that the case
was never reported at all.
