648
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
Mr, CLAY. X will not objcct to it.
There being no objection, the motion was
agreed to.
BAj^K ISSUES IN THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
The VICE PRESIDENT announced that the
next business in order was the following reso-
lution, reported by Mr. Slidell, on the 17th of
January, from the select committee on the banks
of the District of Columbia:
Resolved, That it is inexpedient to authorize the estab-
lishment, either by general or special laws, of banks of issue
in the District of Columbia.
Mr. SLIDELL. I have declined naming any
day for the consideration of that resolution, and
a bill which accompanied it, until the organiza-
tion of the other House, under the common un-
derstanding of the Senate. So soon as we have
notice of the organization of the House of Repre-
sentatives, I shall move to make that resolution,
and the bill accompanying it, the special order of
the day for an early day. I desire it to lie over
for the present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, that order will be made.
TERRITORY OE DAKOTA.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
the following resolution, submitted by Mr. Rice,
on the 24th of January:
Resolved, That the Committee on Territories be instruct-
ed to report a bill foi the organization of Dakota, which
shall include all of that poitiou of the foimer Teiritory of
Minnesota not embraced within the limits of the State of
Minnesota, or such other boundaries as said committee
may deem best for the public interest.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to amend that resolu-
tion by striking out all after the word " that"
and inserting:
The Committee on Territories be instructed to report a
bill to attach all that part of the former Territory of Minne-
sota, not now included in the State of Minnesota, to the
Territory of Nebraska.
Mr. PUGH. Whilst I do not make it an ob-
jection, I think it is a bad practice to instruct the
committees to do thus and so. I would suggest to
the Senator from Minnesota, and also to the Sena-
tor from Iowa, that they propose to instruct the
committee to inquire into the propriety of these
things, and the committee will then have some
discretion. The original resolution is to instruct
the committee to report a bill for a particular
Territory. It may not be advisable to create that
Territory at present, and I want the committee to
examine that question; and I suggest that the
committee inquire into the expediency of these
propositions.
Mr. GRIMES. I am not anxious that the com-
mittee .should be instructed to report at all; but if
the committee are to be instructed to report, 1 am
desirous that they should be instructed to report
in favor of attaching all the former territory of
Minnesota, not now included within tin- present
limits of the State of Minnesota, to the Territory
of Nebraska for judicial and governmental pur- I
poses; and the reason why I have offered this i
amendment is because I do not think there is any 1
public exigency, any necessity, for the creation
of a new Territory. So far as I am able to learn,
there are very few, if any, people residing within
the limits of what is now called, in common par-
lance, Dakota Territory; and those few, as far as
I understand, are Indian traders and speculators,
whose families live within the States of Minne-
sota and Iowa, and the Territory of Nebraska, but
who have small camp establishments to winch
they propose to resort m case this new Territory
shall be erected. There being no necessity for the
creation of such a Territory, and the distance not i
being so remote that, if people did reside within
what is called die Territory of Dakota, they could
not go to Nebraska, to transact all the business
they may have with the territorial government,
I can see no reason for the creation of a new Ter-
ritory there.
Mr. RICE. I ask that the resolution and
amendment may lie over for a few days. I may
have something to say in regard to them, and I
am not prepared this morning.
Mr. GWIN. I suggest to the Senator from
Minnesota to accept the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Ohio, to instruct the committee
to inquire into the expediency of the proposed
measure.
["That is right!"]
Mr. RICE. I accept that amendment. The
Senator from Iowa has, by the amendment he has
offered and the remarks he has made, somewhat
changed the aspect that 1 was m hopes the resolu-
tion'would have assumed. I presume he is not
aware that there is a large settlement in Dakota,
about seven or eight hundred miles, or perhaps
more, from the seat of government of the new
Territory ofNebraska—asettlementnotcomposed
of speculators or of Indian traders, but a settle-
ment which a few years ago contained some five
thousand people—1 am speaking of the settlem ent
on the Red River of the North. That settlement
is not included within the limits of the State of
Minnesota; it is all in the proposed new Territory
of Dakota. If, however, the Senator's constitu-
ents are willing to permit a country of the extent
of this to remain unorganized on their border,
mine certainly can be; a country which criminals
from his State as well as mine only have to step
into in order to be out of the roach of the law. 1
ask that the subject may be postponed for the
present. Perhaps it would be better to lay the
resolution on the table for the present, and I make
that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
PRINTING OE A REPORT.
Mr. IVERSON. I move that the report made
from the Committee on Claims by the Senator
from New Hampshire, [Mr. Clark,] at the last
Congress, be reprinted for the use of members. I
mean the report in the case of Letitia Humphreys,
administrator of Atkinson, commonly called
the Florida cases. I desire the committee to be
putin full possession of the facts and circumstances
m that case: and, having inquired this morning
of the proper officers, I find that only a single copy
of that report can be found. It is important, I
think, that the Senate should be in possession of
all the facts in the case. I therefore move that the
ordinary number of copies of that report be printed
for the use of the the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ That motion must
go to the Committee on Printing.
PROPERTY IX TERRITORIES.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
following resolutions, submitted by Mr. Brown
oil the 18ih of Januaiy:
Resoked, That the Territories are the common property
of a!i the States, and that if is the privilege of the citi-
zens ot all the States to go .into the Tciritories with every
kind or description ot property recognized by the Consti-
tution of the United States, and held under the lawj ot any
ot the States; and that it is the constitutional duty of the
law-making power, wherever lodged or by whomsoever
exercised, whether by the Congress or ilieTerntoiialljesis-
lature, to eua -t -ueh laws as mny be found necessaiy for
the adequate and sufficient protection of such property.
Revolved, That the Committee on Teiritories be instructed
to inseit in any bill they may report foi the organization of
now Teriitoitos a clause doclnnn<j it to bo the duty of the
Ten itonal Legislature to enact adequate and sufficient law*
for t tie protect Con o! all kind: of piopeitv,asahove described,
within the limits ot'tlie Teiritory ; and that, upon its tailure
or letu-al to do so. it is the admitted duty of Congress to
inteiierc and past. such laws.
The pending question being on the amendment
of Mr. W ilk in sox, to strike out all after the
word " Resolved," where it first occurs, and in-
sert:
That the Terutories are the common propel tv of the peo-
ple of the Umted States; thatComjie^s has full power and
authouty to pass all laws neeessaiy andproper for the gov-
ernment of such Territories; and that, in the. exercise of
t-uch power, it is the duty of Congress so to legislate in re-
lation to slavery therein, that the interests of fiec labor may
be encouraged and protected in such Tenitones.
^ Resolved, That the Committee on Teiritorjes be instructed
to insert m any bill they may report for the oijramzation of
new Territories, a clause declaring that there shall be
neither slavery noi involuntary servitude m such Territo-
ries except in punishment lor crane whereof the party has
been duly convicted.
Mr. FITCH. In moving on Monday to defer
the consideration of these resolutions until to-day,
I did so because of the then absence of one or two
Senators, whose views upon the subject embraced
in the resolutions it would be impossible for me
to forbear referring to, more or less. One of those
Senators, the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Doug-
las.] has not since been in his seat. He has been,
I am informed, out of the city. Whether lie is
now in the city or not, I am unable to say. If
he is not, I should again prefer deferring the dis-
cussion of these resolutions, for my own part. If
ho is within the city, and any S nator can so as-
sure me. of course I will proceed now. In the
absence of information on that head, with the
assent of the Senate, I will move the further post-
ponement of the resolutions until to-morrow, at
half past one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PUGH. As these are important reso-
lutions, and an important amendment has been
moved, I suggest that the resolutions and amend-
ment be printed. I make that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BROWN. I rather think the postpone-
ment of the resolutions under the circumstances
was based on a misapprehension. I have not seen
the Senator from Illinois, but I understand that
he returned to the city last evening. [" Let it
go!"] Very well; I make no objection; but I
wanted to say for myself, Mr. President, that I
am sincerely desirous of having a vote at an early
day on the resolutions, and therefore 1 hope that
these motions to postpone from day to day, in
order that the discussion may go on, and the reso-
lutions possibly, after a while, be crowded out at
the end of the session, without any expression
of opinion on the part of the Senate, will not be
insisted on. I have no objection to this post-
ponement; but I give notice that hereafter, as the
introducer of the resolutions, I shall objcct to
postponements.
Mr. FITCH. I am governed solely, in making
the motion to postpone, by a desire not to allude
to any Senator's opinion upon the subjects em-
braced in the resolutions, so as to do that Senator
the least injustice, which might possibly be done
in his absence.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The motion to postpone has been put
to the Senate, and agreed to. There is no ques-
tion now before the Senate.
Mr. CLAY. If there be no question before
the Senate that is interesting to any Senator at
this time, I move that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of executive business.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 1, I860.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. The gal-
leries and the various passages leading to the Hall
were crowded with spectators,'who manifested
the most intense interest in the proceedings, it
being confidently expected that they would result
m the election of a Speaker.
The Rabbi M. J. Rapiiall, of New York,
opened the proceedings with the following prayer:
Almighty and most merciful God, we approach
Thy presence this day to thank Thee for Thy
past mercies, and humbly to beseech Thee to
continue and extend the same to Thy servants,
the Representatives of these United States in
Congress assembled.
Lord, great and manifold have been Thy boun-
ties to this highly-favored land. Heartfelt and sin-
cere are our thanks. While the vast despotisms
of Asia are crumbling into dust, and the effete
monarchies of the Old World can only sustain
themselves by yielding to the pressure of the spirit
of the age, it has been Thy gracious will that in
this Western hemisphere there should be estab-
lished a Commonwealth after the model of that
which Thou, Thyself, didst bestow on the tribes
of Israel, in their best and purest days. The Con-
stitution and the institutions of this Republic prove
to the world that men, created in Thy image and
obedient to Thy behests, are not only capable,
fully capable, of self-government, but that they
know best how to combine civil liberty with ready
obedience to the laws, religious liberty with warm
zeal for religion, absolute general equality with
sincere respect for individual rights, in acquiring
and carrying out these most wise institutions,Thy
protection, Lord, has been signally manifest. It
was Thy right hand that defended the founders of
this Commonwealth, during the long and perilous
struggle of right against might. It was Thy wis-
dom that inspired them when they established this
Congress, to be what Thy tabernacle, with the
urim and thummim — right and equity — were in-
tended to have been for the tribes of Israel—the
heart of the entire nation, where the wants, the
