1668
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
" Mr. Burnett. There is a rule of this House which re-
quires each man to speak from his scat. The gentleman
from Illinois was not in his seat when he was speaking.
He cannot, and he shall not, cross this Hall to this side in
a menacing maimer. He shall not, let the conscquences be
what they will. He must speak from his seat.
u Mr. Grow. X .move that the committee rise.
" The Chairs!an. Gentlemen must resume their seats.
" Mr. Cox. Let the gentleman from Illinois take his seat.
"Mr. Wasiibohne, of Illinois. Let others be seated, and
Jet my co/league proceed.
" Mr. Potter. The gentleman from Illinois can take
care of himself without the assistance of the other side."
It is due to myself to say that, although he may
have been near me, I did not recognize the pres-
ence of the honorable member from Wisconsin,
nor did I hear one word from his lips. Now, sir,
am I peculiar or singular in failing to observe his
presence ? for, by reference to leading papers in
New York, Philadelphia, and Baltimore, all of
which give separate and distinct accounts of the
proceedings of that day, I find that no allusion is
made to Ins presence, and not one word is he re-
ported to have uttered.' However, I find this lan-
guage reported in the Globe, and I presume I must
concede that he did appear, and that he did speak
on that occasion. But, 011 recurring to the man-
uscript of the reporters, I find that lie has inter-
polated the record of our proceedings, in a matter
touching personal relations, affecting that record
in a most material regard:
" We listened to them quietly, and lioard them through.
And now, sir, this aide shall be heard."
There stopped the manuscript of the reporter.
The member from Wisconsin then added, in his
own handwriting," let the consequences be what
they may."
Again, I am reported as having said: "You
shall not come here gesticulating in a menacing
and ruffianly manner." Mr. Potter was re-
Eorted to have made no response. The reporter
eard no response,and accordingly reported none.
The member from Wisconsin here interpolated
in his own handwriting " you are doing the same
thing."
Again, following a remark made by Mr. Jons
Cochrane, the member from Wisconsin is made
by the reporter to say:
" E do not believe that side of the House can say where
a mvmber-shall speak."
There the official report terminated; but the
member, from Wisconsin has added: " and they
shall not say it."
With this statement of facts, repeating that the
newspapers of the country have not reported his
presence in the House at all 011 that occasion, and
that the official report of our proceedings exhibits
the fact that he did not say that which he repre-
sents himself to have said, I resume my scat.
Mr. POTTER. I am very much surprised
that the member from Virginia should say that he
did not see me upon the occasion alluded to; but.
sir, J have no right to say, and I shall not say,
that lie did see mo; because I, of course, cannot
say that ho saw me; but I stood within a few feet
of the gentleman; and when he made the remarks
which lie has just read in relation to Mr. Love-
joy's coming down into the area gesticulating and
shaking his fists, I said: "You are doing the same
thing." I said it, as I supposed, distinctly; and
I was surprised when, on looking at the notes of
the reporter, I found that it was not so reported.
I did what I supposed every member had a right
to do under the circumstances. When I was con-
scious, when I know that I made the remark, and
when other members on this side of the House
heard me make it, I put the remark in its proper
place. 1 also claimed the right, and exercised the
right, in looking over the notes of (he reporter, to
correct them. I believe the member from Virginia
did the same thing. At any rate, his remarks had
been corrected, judging from the appearance of ]
the manuscript. I did no more than the member
from Virginia did. I corrected my remarks. It
is perfectly natural to suppose that, under the cir-
cumstances, in the confusion which took place
when so many were speaking at the same time,
the reporters did not hear distinctly; but there i
are gentlemen on this side of the House who did M
hear me make the remarks as they appear in the
Globe. That is all I have to say upon the sub-
ject.
Mr. PRYOR. One word more. As to my see-
ing the gentleman from Wisconsin, it is proper
for nae to say, that although I did not see or rec-
ognize him, ho may have oeen there without my
seeing him. As to the other point the gentleman
makes, that I also altered the report of my re-
marks, I have this tb say: that I did in two in-
stances, I think, which 1 have here, substitute one
word for another, not in any respect changing the
sense or meaning; certainly not making the lan-
guage stronger, or putting me in any more heroic
attitude.
I understand thegentlcman, then, to remark that
he did say, on that occasion, that I had, in a ruf-
fianly and violent manner, approached and ges-
ticulated towards the gentleman from Illinois. I
understand him to say that. Now, sir, I wish to
know if I am to understand further that he intends
by that any menace or offense to myself individ-
ually ? [Laughter from Republicans.]
Mr. POTTER. What I meant to say was this:
that when the member from Virginia had left his
own seat and came down into the area, and was
shaking his fists at Mr. Lovejoy, and was charg-
ing, so that it might go to the country, the same
offense, if it be an offense, upon the gentleman
from Illinois, I said what was very natural that I
should say under the circumstances, that " You
are doing the same thing." I deprecated the shak-
ing of fists on one side as much asupon the other;
but I meant what I then said, and I stand bv what
I said.
And, sir, I said before that I consider that a
member has the right, not only to correct his re-
marks as taken by the reporters, but if a remark
has, in the excitement and confusion of the occa-
sion, been left out, he has a perfect right to put it
ill. I did put in this remark, because I wanted
the report to be correct. That was the only mo-
tive I had.
And now, Mr. Speaker, I will ask the member
from Virginia whether he did not, of his own mo-
tion, erase that remark after it had been put in the
report? I ask him what right he had, even after
I had put in a remark, to erase it without con-
sulting me ? When I looked over the notes again,
I saw what the gentleman from Virginia had done;
and I now say that he had no right whatever to
alter a single word or a comma in those remarks.
I would have cutmy right han4 offbefore I would
have done it.
But, sir, that remark of mine, put in its proper
place, as I uttered it, was entirely wiped out by the
member from Virginia, [Mr. Prvsu.] He erased
it in such a way that neither the reporters, the
printers, nor anybody else could have told what
were the words which had been written. It was
taking a liberty, Mr. Speaker, which he had no
right to take. It is the right of flo person, in
looking over the notes of the reporter, to erase
any remark there written, whether by the reporter
himself or anybody else. If the manuscript has
been submitted to a member, and he has corrected
hi3 remarks, as he has the right to do, thegentlcman
from Virginia has no business and no right what-
ever to amend, or alter, or strike out the remarks
purporting to have been made by another mem-
ber. It is a liberty which 1 did not take, which 1
have no i ight to take, and which no gentleman has
the right to take.
Mr. PRYOR. One word, and then I am done
with this matter. The gentleman from Wiscon-
sin wants to know by what authority—for he
impeaches the act—I erased matter which he had
interpolated there. I erased no word which tlu.'
leportcr had wiittcn upoji his manuscript, but I
felt myself authorized to erase an unwarrantable
and impertinent interjection m the gentleman's
own handwriting. He says before he would have
done that thing—erased that which somebody
else had put upon the manuscript—he would have
his arm cut off, and yet he could interject into the
manuscript that which the reporter did not write
down and report him to have said. [Laughter
from the Republican benches.]
The gentleman says that he stands by his lan-
guage. I am very glad to hear it. I understand
him then to give me the liberty of construing his
remark as I please. I will put what construction
I please upon it, and whether or not he stands
by it the sequel will demonstrate [Derisive
laughter fro'm the Republican benches.]
Mr. POTTER. Let it demonstrate.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, obtained the floor.
Mr. GROW. With the permission of the gen-
tleman from Virginia, I will make a statement.
It is necessary for me to leave the city to-morrow,
andl hope thattheHouse will consent to close this !
question to-day. I suggest that we take the vote
after the gentleman from Virginia has concluded.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I hope that sug-
gestion will be acted on.
Mr.KEITT. I shall have no objection what-
ever to the arrangement suggested, provided my
friend from Virginia, [Mi'.Garnett,] who wishes
to make an explanation in reference to the vote
he will give on the pending measure, is allowed
to be heard. I wish to say nothing myself. If
my friend from Virginia is allowed to be heard, I
will malce no objection to the arrangement.
Several Members. Nobody objects to that.
Mr. ICEITT. Very well, then.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Potter]  
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia is entitled to the floor on the Kansas ques-
tion, and I insist that he shall proceed with his
remarks.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from Virginia
will, I know, yield to me for a moment. I wish
merely to state 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. If the gentleman
wants to say anything further on a personal ques-
tion, he must pardon me if 1 do not yield to him.
Mr. DAWES. I want to say a word as to the
record, and nothing more.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. What connection
has the gentleman with it?
Mr. DAWES. I merely desire to state, that
when the disturbance oecuired—;—
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I must proceed with
my remarks.
Mr. DAWES. I want to state, that I heard
the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Potter]
make the remark that he has repeated upon this
floor.
Mr. BURNETT. Thegentlcman from Massa-
chusetts is not in order
TheSPEAKER. The gentleman from Virginia
is entitled to the floor, and he-will proceed with his
remarks without fuither interruption.
SETTLERS IN IOWA.
If the gentleman from Virginia and the House
consent, the Chair will take from the Speaker's
table a message from the Semite asking for the
return of Senate bill No. 371, for the relief of cer-
tain settlers in the State of Iowa.
There was no objection.
The SPEAKER. If it he the pleasure of the
House, the bill will be returned to the Senate as
requested. The Chair understands that when
such a request is made from one body to the other,
it is the tmiform courtesy to grant it.
It was so ordered.
KANSAS QUESTION—AGAIN.
Mr. SMITH,of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I will
now proceed to touch some of the points which
lmve been brought forward on this occasion; and
I propose to make certain statementsin connection
with them. I will be brief, for it is now getting
late, and I have sufficient respect for the anxiety
of the House to get to the question.
When the Kansas-Nebraska act was passed the
country west of Missouri was a wilderness,.and for
the first time was opened to the occupation and
settlement of the American people. The Mis-
sourians, living along the border and having long
looked upon the promised land, took possession
at once. To a considerable extent they were the
first American settlers in that Territory; and,
without going at large into the question, I desire
to bring the attention of the House to thatdistinct
fact, by simply stating it. It is a fact, sir, well
known and well understood by the country. The
disturbance which took place after that occupa-
tion s;rcw out of the organized associations of ihe
five States. The scenes of violence that were
begun, were begun in an effort to displace those
who had previously occupied the Territory in
peace. With regard to these facts there is no
question. I state them without designing to go
into the vaiious rights and wrongs of the contro-
versy. b
Now, sir, in 1856, when the Republican party
had a majority in this House, growing out of the
Kansas agitation and discussion, as we know, a
bill was proposed to admit Kansas into tjui Union
under the Topeka constitution. I shall not go into
Hie circumstanccs of that case; and I only refer to
it now for the purpose of reminding the House that
at that time the dominant Republican party in this
