I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
227
36tii Cong.... 1st Sess.
The Principles of Democracy—Mr. Florence.
Ho. of Reps.
The press that offends against this sclf-consti-
tuted censorship is sunk beyond fathom, and the
editor himself, who persistently claims and clings
to the constitutional covenant that bids him speak,
and the nation shall hear, is shot down and made
food for dogs. Mails are rifled, and an army of
country postmasters, with their subalterns, well
nigh as large as that which followed the fortunes
of absolutism on the plains of Solferino, is com-
manded by a general order emanating from the
central moving spirit and power, to break the
sacred seal -of private correspondence, and com-
mit to the flames whatever may be found not in
harmony with the key-note in which are sung the
praises and blessings of slavery. The sacredness
of person is invaded; and whether men shalltravel
in safety, no longer depends upon what they do,
but what they think. The Constitution, which
wraps itself like a coat of mail around the citizen,
for his protection, wherever his footsteps may
lead him within the broad limits of this Republic,
is set at naught, and its very joints pierced as
worthless gossamer, by the fell spirit of this demon
in its mad attempt to bend every knee before its
altar. At its bidding, men repudiate their debts
and banish their creditors. By its ethics, con-
tracts with northern men, as with heretics, are
dissolved into thm air, and he whose business
pursuits call him from a free North, within the
shadow of this institution, is tracked from city to
city, and his every movement subjected to an espi-
onage which would disgrace the despotism of Rus-
sia, and set France in a blaze. A northern man
may to-day roam the world over, outside of the
southern States, free in thought and speech,in
more safety of person than he can inside of them.
And all this because he will not abjure his lathers'
faith and his own, and take to his embrace, with-
out question, the horrid tenets of a dogma ad-
mitted by its preachers to have been born of the
light and of the spirit which descended upon the
heads of a chosen few of this generation only.
But, sir, these instruments of warfare recoil
upon those who use them. These fruits of the
institution move the inquiring mind to look at
the tree itself which bears them. These mani-
festations of the spirit which animates the system
of slavery, lead us to look down ward, and not up-
ward, for its author. Every day's teaching, to
which it thus subjects us, but opens our eyes to
its enormities, anu drives us from it as from the
plague. Every day's experience of the passions
it foments, of the intolerance it begets, of the
domination it asseits, and of the crimes jt com-
mits, demonstrates more clearly that its hand is
against eveiy man's hand, and that foul-mouthed
curses follow in its tram.
I assure gentlemen that their work of conver-
sion, with all the appliances of threats, with all
the blandishments of favor, with all the scourges
and stripes they have invoked to their aid, is,
after all, a failure. You may subject us to further j
experiment and indignity, for the power is m j
your hands. That all-wise Providence, whose ;
inscrutable ways are past finding out, has, in :
working out the great purposes of His govern- j
ment, placed this people for a time in your keep-
ing, as Lie did of old His chosen people in charge i
of the slaveholders of Egypt. Yours is the Ex- ;
ecutive and the Supreme Court. Further trial !
with these instrumentalities to bend our knee to j
this Moloch awaits us yet a little-longer. It may !
bethatthis spirit which rules youandus, as itsecs !
the sands of its power running out, will attempt, |
in its rage, to thrust us still further between the j
pationage and power of the one, and the inexor- i
able decrees of the other, as the incorrigible vie- i
tims of the Spanish Inquisition were bound at 1
last to the floor of their prison-house, while the ,
walls, on the one side and the other, were made ■
to move towards each other with a slow and silent i
but sure and awful approach, which no human !
agency could stay. But, sir, history tells us that |
even this hellish enginery proved impotent to i
crush out the true faiift, and served only, in the
end, to build up and strengthen its pillars. In this .
hope, and in this faith, we bide our time. :
We tell you candidly, yet firmly, we will have ;
none of vour institution among us. If you are j
not content to leave this matter as yonr fathers j
and ours left it, on your heads, not ours, be the i
consequences. We take this thing as it came to ■'
us, and we will take no more of it. Hug this
institution to your own bosoms, if you please,
where your fathers and ours loft it, and wc will
not touch so much as a hair of its head. Change
your own opinions, and spit upon those of your j
fathers, if it seem well so to do; but you have no I
right to demand any such change in us. You j
may pluck the beards of your fathers; we will bow
before ours. You may worship new gods; we
will venerate the old ones. You may call evil
good, and black white; but we shall pervert no
terms, and renounce no self-evident truths. Wc
do not question your sincerity; yon shall not ours.
The policy of your fathers and ours was the
same, and unmistakable; you seek to change, we
to abide by it. They have set the landmarks; you
are striving to remove, wc to maintain them.
Let the curse for so doing fall where it belongs.
You say that you believe slavery to be a bless-
ing; you can keep it; we cannot deprive you of it.
We know freedom to be a blessing past meas-
ure, and you cannot rob us of it. Let us under-
stand each other better. You demand that the
whole policy of the Government, from the first
morn of its existence, shall be reversed, or you
will dissolve this Union, and shiver the whole
fabric to atoms; we demand that that whole policy
shall be maintained, and with it the Union, ancl
the grand old temple, intact from base to pinnacle.
If you have anything to tear down, on your heads,
and not ours, will it fall. If you are bent on trea-
son, upon you, and not upon us, rest the conse-
quences. We cannot swerve from the right line
of our pathway, illumined as it is by conscience
and duty, even though it be to save you from your
own treason. We cannot dishonor ourselves, lest
you let fall the ax upon your own heads. Into
this temple, built by your fathers and ours, we
daily enter, and turn our faces to the symbols of
their wisdom and patriotism, which illustrate and
adorn its walls on every side. If you follow after
new and strange gods, be content in your own
worship; but suffer us to cling to the ancient pil-
lars which sustain the ample arches that span us
all.
THE PRINCIPLES OF DEMOCRACY.
SPEECH
OF
HON. THOMAS B. FLOKENCE,
of l'exnsylvaxia,
In the House of Representatives,
J3pril 12, 18G0.
The Ilou^e being iti the Committee of the
state of the Union—
e Whol/on the
s/
Mr. FLORENCE said:
Mr. Chairman: If there is any one thing of
which I am proud, it is in being a member of the
Democratic party; in having always been such;
m possessing the confidence of a large and intel-
ligent Democratic constituency, who have hon-
ored me, on five successive occasions, by electing
me as their Representative here. The Democratic
party is a glorious party—established by Thomas
Jefferson, fostered by Madison and Monroe,
strengthened and regenerated by Jackson, and
now sustained by the honored and upright Chief
Magistrate who fills the Executive chair. It is
the party of the Constitution, the party of liberty,
and the party of the Union. JNo other party can
justly claim to be the champion of the Constitu-
tion, the supporter of the Union, and the defender
of liberty. " The tree is known by its fruit;" and
the history of the country for the last sixty years,
already told by abler tongues than mine, shows—
incontestabiy proves—that the Democratic party
has always been "first and foremost'' in main-
taining the Constitution and the laws, and has
thus saved the Union itself, the permanence of
which must depend upon a proper observance of
the Constitution, which is the rock of the Union's
foundation. To be an accepted member of a party
having so glorious a mission, atall times ready to
perform it, and fulfilling all duties gallantly and
patriotically, is a high distinction, of which'I am
rightly proud. Yet this Democratic party, dis-
charging such duties, and so successfully, is an-
tagonized by Opposition, composed of various and
incongruous elements, of no uniformity of pur-
pose, of diflfcringand different principles;remmd«
ing us of Macbeth Js "witchcraft:
"Black hpiuts and white,
lied spirits and grqy,
Mingle, mingle, mingle;
You that mingle may."
Men who agree in no one thing except to oppose
and to prostrate the Democratic party—to dishonor
the memories of Jefferson and Jackson, and to
shake the Union from " turret to foundation
stone," even if the cdifice is too strong for their
attack.
A visitor from abroad to this capital at the pres-
ent session, listening to some of the speeches
coming from this piebald party—for "motley's
the only wear"—nughtcandidly have thought that
the Democratic party was composed of Jacobins
and agrarians; while a severer, though perhaps not
unjustifiable view, would have made him regard
them as a band of assassins and thieves, demand-
ing money or life, and practicing upon the des-
potic social principles which governed Schiller's
robbers, or prevailed in Gil Bias's celebrated cav-
ern banditti. To this sort of abuse the Democ-
racy is accustomed. Jefferson did not escape it;
it was lavished upon Jackson, as a tyrant and
murderer; and that our present Chief Magistrate
should be beyond its reach could not be expected,
and perhaps it was but little to be desired.
My colleague from the seventeenth district,
[Mr. McPiierson,] some weeks since, in a well-
prepared speech, undertook to arraign, almost for
treason, the Democratic members of this House
for the delay in its organization. My colleague
is new at the business. He comes from a district
which is generally represented by one of other
than his present political faith, and he will, I an-
ticipate with certainty,be succeeded by one such;
and he is making the most of his time to estab-
lish his claim to a high place in the party of the J
Opposition by the most usual and acceptable 4/
course of fighting the Democratic party on some  
false issue, instead of attempting to assail its prin-
ciples or to uphold any of his own. If there was
delay, unnecessary delay, improper delay in the
organization of this House, with what justice can
it be charged upon the Democratic party—a parly
confessedlyin the minority here, having but very
few more than a third of the whole number of
members upon this floor? Does he notjenow that
this House of Representatives is composed of two
hundred and thirty-seven members, and that there
arc, all told, but eighty-nine Democratic members,
or acting with the Demociatic party ? Is not this
undeniable fact a sufficient answer to his un-
founded chaige? Unless, by some arithmetical
process unknown to my limited education,eighty-
nine is a majority of two hundred and thirty-
seven, the idea, it strikes me, is ridiculous as
it is unfounded'in fact, that the Democratic party
had the power to control the organization of this
House. Ingenuity may suggest and devise much,
but it will requiie a better lawyer than even my
colleague, for I acknowledge his merits as $uch,
to make a plausible argument in favor of his com-
plaint. Audacity is sometimes confounded with
courage; and a bold assertion, With an air of be-
lief, frequently effects what timid argument can-
not accomplish. The poet recommended, though
not exactly as to law—
Attempt it boldly and the deed's half done."
And I cannot but think that it was upon this prin-
ciple of ethics that the charge was made. What
are the facts m addition?
The Republicans, lacking one ©r two of an ab-
solute majority, with seveial allies in reserve, pre-
sented as their candidate the distinguished gen-
tleman from Ohio, who now so ably presides over
the Committee of Ways and Means; a gentleman
of undoubted ability, with whom on an important
committee of the last Congress it was my good
fortune and pleasure to be associated. This gen-
tleman, with many others equally misguided,
some of whom now regret it quite as much as I
am sure he does, had indorsed and recommended
the circulation of an infamous .book against sla-
very, justifying lawlessness and murder. A res-
olution was offered by the gentleman from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Clark,] that any one who had in*
dorsed such treasonable doctrines ought not to be
the Speaker of this House. The balloting showed,
as was supposed, the chair within the gentleman 's
