228
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 12,
36th Cong.,..1st Sess.
The Principles of Democracy—Mr. Florence.
Ho. of Reps.
ultimate reach,though not yot near enough to be
grasped. Under this pressure an explanation was
made that he had recommended the work with-
out reading it, and at the request of a fellow-Re-
publican; but he did not, from first to last, nor
ever until now, so far as X have ever heard, repu-
diate its doctrines and declare that he dissented
from them.
It will not do for him to say that he was not re-
quired to explain—that his dignity would be im-
paired by so doing. He felt called upon to do so.
He did undertake it. He consented to be put upon
his<^fe«&e, his exculpation, and his answer; when
he told how he had been induced to sign it. And
that was the time, that was the occasion which
one who despises the wretched stuff of Heifer,
would have gladly seized to disembarrass himself,
then and forever, of the odium of holding, encour-
aging, or even tolerating such doctrines. The
gentleman from Ohio did not do so, and his sun
went to the West. His explanation of how
the recommendation was obtained was accepted,
bat his refusal to repudiate the doctrines of a book
which he did not deny he had then read, justified
and demanded the inference that lie approved its
contents. He stood by the book, and the consti-
tutional men of the House belonging to the Oppo-
sition party united with the Democratic vote to
prevent him, who indorsed Heifer's views, from
being its Speaker. 1 will show my colleague
where faction was, and who were the factious.
The constitutional Opposition party presented as
a candidate the gentleman from Worth Carolina,
[Mr. Smith.] The Democrats, loyal to the Con-
stitution, and desirous of an organization, voted
for him, and lie had votes enough to elect him.
He was elected, when there was exhibited a scene
such as history cannot parallel, and such as I trust
will forever be the only one of its kind.
My colleague from the second district, [Mr.
| Morris,] who represents a constituency attached
to the Union, had voted for the gentleman from
North Carolina. My colleague was supposed to
be, par cxccl(e.nce) an American, rather than a Re-
publican. He proclaimed himself such, and dis-
avowed the latter; but when my colleague found
that his own candidate was actually elected, and
would be so declared in a few minutes, he per-
formed the unparalleled act of changing his vote
to defeat him, and he did effectually accomplish
that purpose. Was such a thing ever done or
known ? Men have changed their votes to effect
an election; but did any one, except my colleague,
ever change his vote for the purpose of defeating
the very man for whom he lumself had voted?
This act shook confidence in the American profes-
sions of my colleague, ami showed him inclined
to wear the black feather. IIus act was bold, and
he could not be accused of the white feather.
While on this subject, let me say—for I want to
square accounts as I proceed—that his excuse was
as great a mistake as either the vote or the change.
My colleague said that the gentleman from North
Carolina was not a tariff man; which he knew, if
ut all, quite as well before he voted for him as when
he changed his vote; but such is not the fact, as
was manifested by the votes of the gentleman from
North Carolina some few days after in favor of
the introduction of the tariff bill of the Committee
of Ways and Means. Having thus taken from
one of my colleagues the American, or while mask,
and disclosed the Republican, or dark features, I
will proceed further with this matter of organiza-
tion.
The near approach to the election of a national
man of the Opposition party forced the Repub-
licans to change their tactics, to haul down the
Heifer flag, and to present one free from this
taint, who was immediately elected—a result that
they had been told could be effected at any time
that they would consent to withdraw the indorser
of Heifer's book; which they, with a bad grace,
were ultimately compelled to do. Upon whom,
then, vests the responsibility of delaying the or-
ganization of this House? It can be as truly
ascribed to the southern Opposition, to the few
anti-Lecompton men who could not succumb to
"The impending Crisis," as to the Democratic
members; but the truth is, and the people of the
country will so understand it, it was delayed by
those who could have organized it whenever they
chose, as they ultimately did, but who were de-
termined, if they could accomplish it by any
means, to have one of Heifer's indorsers for
Speaker. Time has been when the Democratic
party has not had an absolute majority here; but
never did that party undertake to compel an or-
ganization, as did the Republicans. Let these
facts go to the world; and if the people can and
will sustain a course such as was pursued by men
bent on " rule or ruin," they will act differently
from what they have done at all former times;
and then there might be a fear for the peace of
the Union, which, fortunately, there is, in my
judgment, no occasion to apprehend now.
But it is charged that the Democrats prevented
the adoption of the plurality rule. To this I in-
terpose my denial—my flat denial; and my col-
league has no right to charge it. His deductions
arc not logical, nor is such conclusion justified by
the premises. That the Democrats were opposed
to such a rule is the fact; it was gotten up for the
purpose expressly of electing the gentleman from
Ohio, and probably it would, if adopted, have
effected that purpose; but there was a majority
opposed to his election, and why shall it be as-
sumed that any one of them would, by an affirm-
ative vote on the plurality rule, do what he had
refused by his vote for Speaker? Whom isitthat
my colleague means to charge with such con-
temptible cowardice and skulking? I do not be-
lieve there was any such one. Everyman opposed
to the gentleman from Ohio would have voted
against the rule; and it would, it must have been
defeated. The idea is preposterous that men here
can be hoodwinked and led blindfolded to such a
vote; and this evidence of Demociatic delay in
organization fails in truth. Giving men crcditfor
ordinary intelligence and some honesty, I assert
that every member who was opposed to the gen-
tleman from Ohio would just as soon have voted
for him directly as have voted for him indirectly,
in voting for the plurality rule; for the responsi-
bility of the vote would be the same.
The propriety, indeed, constitutionality of such
a rule, is very questionable to my mind. On a
previous occasion, in the Thirty-Foui th Congress,
I resisted the adoption of the plurality rule and
voted against it, as I ever will while I continue
to be a member of Congress. If the duty of a
Speaker was merely to pieside over our delibera-
tions and to preserve order, the selection would
be unimportant; but the power and patronage of
the Speaker arc very great. He can very decidedly
influence, even if he cannot control, legislation
here; and there seems to be a manifest impropri-
ety in placing in the chair any one riot acceptable
to a majority of the whole Ilouse. If the body
is composed of three or more minorities, each is
m parliamentary law the same, and neither one
ought to do able tq effect an election when they
cannot accomplish any other result. The Speaker
appoints all committees; places upon each a very
decided majority of lus own political coadjutors.
The business ofthe House is done entirely through
its committees. The Speakergtves the iloor, as pat-
ronage, to whom he pleases. The rule in regard to
this is, by common consent, obsolete, and the
floor is sought and obtained by promise in ad-
vance, in defiance of the mode pointed out by rule.
Ought, then, a minority Speaker ever to fill the
chair? I do not care to elaborate this question, but
it is of grave importance and well worthy of con-
sideration; but 1 cannot concede that any one mi-
nority has a superior claim over the other,or such
a paramount right as demands the sacnficc which
will produce the results I have mentioned.
The Republican charge, that the Democratic
members of this House delayed its organization, is
like the cry of''stop thief," used by the criminal
to avert suspicion and elude pursuit. 1 recom-
mend to them Burns's well-known lines:
li Oh, wad ►,omo power the giftic etc us
To see ourselves as orheis see u-;
)t would luic many a blunder tree us,
And fouiit.li notion."
Upon these facts, I assert that the delay was
produced by the Republicans themselves, in the
manner and for the purpose I have stated; and
whatever of discredit belongs to the act, must be
borne by its willing perpetrators.
But there arc other charges against the Demo-
cratic party, demanding notice. One is that it is
corrupt and extravagant; but these are generali-
ties of which no specification is attempted, nor
proof offered* I deny it in toto. Compare or con-
trast a Democratic Administration with any of a
different character, and the result will show so
favorably to the Democratic party as to create as-
tonishment that any one had the hardihood to
make such a charge. But I have not time to deal
with such generalities; they disprove themselves,
and are scarcely worth the passing notice I have
given them.
It is charged that the Democratic party is a pro-
slavery party. Against this I enter my emphatic
denial—it is not true in any manner; the Democratic
party isneither pro-slavery nor anti-slavery; such
sectional distinctions are unknown to it—it is na-
tional. The State from which I come was the first
to abolish slavery, and in Pennsylvania every
human being is free; its institutions are founded
upon this principle,and I agree with them entirely.
1 do not admire the institution of slavery, nor its
attendants; but my taste and my judgment must
not control my duty towards those of diffeient
tastes and judgment. The Democratic doctrine in
regard to slavery, as I understand it, is to stand
by the Constitutional^ the laws. The existence of
slavery in the States, and its corvtinuance there,
are admitted to be legal. The boldest ofthe Re-
publicans dares not avow the right, though he does
not conceal the desire, to meddle with it, within a
State. The right of each State to manage its do-
mestic institutions in its own way is conceded.
Its introduction into a Territory of the United
States is a judicial question, and has been fully
met and decided by the highest human tribunal—-
the Supreme Court of the United States; their de-
cision is the law, andeveiy good citizen will yield
a ready submission, for opposition to the law is
but treason. It has been decided, and it is the
law, that slavery exists in the Territories by virtue
of the Constitution of the United States; that the
Territories are the common property of all, and
every citizen may take his property there; that
Congress has no right to meddle with the subject;
that there is no such power in the Territorial
Legislature, and that there can be no qualification
or restriction until the Territory becomes a State.
I know that this is the law, and that is enough for
me; my party acts too upon this principle.
" For better 'tit*
To bless the sun, than icason why it slunes."
The Republicans oppose the law of the land;
they avow their purpose to legislate slavery out
of the Territories, notwithstanding the decision
of the Supreme Court; when they well know that
any such legislation will be declared invalid; and
an attempt to enforce it will reproduce in the Ter-
ritories the anarchies and outrages of the once
bleeding Kansas. They avow themselves anti-
slavery; this they may be m their views; but
when they undertake to act upon these views,
they become traitors to the Constitution and the
laws. Although I am not a lawyer, yet I know
that the Constitution of the United States says:
"This Constitution, and the law.* of United States
which shall be made in puisuance thereof, =liali betlie su-
preme law ofthe land ; and the judges of every State hhdll
bfe bound theieby, anything m the constitution or laws of '
any State to the coutiai) notwithstanding."
I charge, and will prove, that the Republican
party is the pro-slavery party; and have done
and are doing more to rivet the chains ofthe slave,
and to increase their number, than any other body
or cause. It cannot be denied by any honest and
observant man that the conduct of the Aboli-
tionists for thirty years past has retarded eman-
cipation. But for them and their violence, at least
four States would have been, in my opinion, in
progress of freedom from slavery; perhaps some
one had reached it absolutely. The contmuanco
of this aggression upon southern rights will pro-
duce, in all the southern States, what one (Ar-
kansas) has already done—the expulsion of the
free negroes. The free States will prohibit their
immigration, not wanting this expelled people
among them; and these poor creatures will sell
themselves and go willingly into slavery for the
sake of finding a home, or of keeping the one with
which they were satisfied; but from which they
were driven by these lawless agitators. If such
have been, arc, and will be the fruits of Repub-
licanism, have I notprovedmy charge, that they
are the real pro-slavery party? I allege, also, that
