I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
229
36tii Cong.... 1st-Sess.
The Principles of Democracy—Mr. Florence.
Ho. of Reps.
L
disunion is most prevalent in their ranks. The
cry of disunion has come most loudly and fre-
quently from them, and without the slightest
reason. They have had no rights invaded nor
violated; there have been no attempts to force
slavery upon them; but because they cannot
nbolish slavery elsewhere in defiance of the Con-
stitution, they have threatened disunion.
The first threat of disunion publicly made was
made on the floor of the House of Representatives,
on January 14, 1811, by Josiah Ctumcy, of Mas-
sachusetts, who declared that the passage of the
bill to allow a constitution to be formed prepara-
tory to the admission of Louisiana as a State, jus-
tified disunion, and the States ought to separate.
The present Governor of Massachusetts declared
himself willing "to let the Union slide." Gid-
dmgs of Ohio, Mann of Massachusetts, and
many, many other Republicans, have uttered sim-
ilar sentiments, without any grie\#nce, except
that slavery exists elsewhere, and they cannot
reach it. I do not deny that southern men, too,
have cried " disunion," and I do not justify nor
excuse them. I am opposed to disunion, now and
forever, for any cause, or m any form. But let
us see how the southern men stand on this ques-
tion. Common justice should be done to them;
and though it is true that a few excited men of
the South, smarting under aggression, have cried
disunion, yet I believe it has met but limited
favor. The men of the South do say: "We love
the Union, we prize its advantages, and should be
sorry to lose them; but we claim and insist upon
our constitutional rights; if you of the North will
continue your warfare upon us; if you will send
your Abolition-mongers, disguised as peddlers and
intrant book venders, to corrupt our free ne-
groes and to incite our slaves; if you will furnish
money and arms to desperadoes, to burn our vil-
lages and destroy our people, we had better be
separated from you, for these disadvantages out-
weigh all the benefits of the Union. We want to
remain with you m peace, not in danger ordiead;
and we cannot*stay, unless you will allow us to
do so, as we have all along done, m a spirit of
fraternal love." This is the tone of the South.
There is now no threat of disunion; there is a
subdued apprehension of its necessity; it is told
"more in sorrow than in anger;" and I do not be-
lieve the justice of such complaints will be ques-
tioned by any fair man.
The Republican party is the disunion party.
Some of its members openly proclaim for dis-
union, while all unite in a course of unconstitu-
tional aggression, which is calculated to produce
disunion at the South, and which would but be
too probable if this party succeeded m getting
into power. They want disunion; their move-
ments are for disunion. Some of them have de-
clared their desire for *' an anti-slavery constitu-
tion,""^* the obliteration of the section relating
to fugitives," and that "the Constitution is a
covenant with death, and a league with hell."
Contiast the sayings and doings of the two par-
ties, and no one can doubt that the disumonists
are the Republicans.
In the year 1832, South Carolina threatened
nullification; the President of the United States—
the gallant and glorious Jackson—declared his j
determination that the law of the land should be
executed: the law was enforced. South Carolina
did not attempt to execute her threat, and here
her attempted nullification ended. But now there
are several States that practically and openly nul-
lify the laws of the United States. All of these
States are under Republican rulers. Massachu-
setts and some other of the New England States
have made the execution of the fugitive slave law
a punishable crime. Wisconsin and some of her
neighbors have done likewise; and even now a
conflict of authority between the authorities of the
United States and of Wisconsin is but too prob-
able. A criminal sentenced to imprisonment by
the United States court m that State for violation
of the fugitive slave act—imprisoned under the
authority of the United States—was released by
the Republican judges of the State court. The
mandate of the Supreme Court of the United
States to the State court to make return to the
writ of error was disregarded and disobeyed;
even now, when the reversal of the proceedings
of the State court by the Supreme Court of the
United States, makes it. the duty of the United
States marshal to arrest and to imprison the crim-
inal, the State authorities openly assert their in-
tention again to release him. What becomes of
the clause of the Constitution to which I have al-
ready referred ? It is repudiated and set at defiance
by Republicans.
When theGovernorof Virginia demanded, with
all legal formalities, from the Republican Gov-
ernors of Ohio and Iowa the surrender of the fu-
gitives from justice, charged with murder, his de-
mand was not complied with, and the fugitives
were not delivered. When a similar demand was
made upon the Democratic Governor of Pennsyl-
vania, 1 am happy to say, it was at once complied
with. According to the constitutional obligation,
the fugitive was handed over, and the violated
justice ot a sister. Commonwealth was vindicated
m his punishment. The Constitution of the Uni-
ted States directs the return of fugitives from labor
or service or justice; and the violators of these
provisions are to be found in the high places of
the Republican party. They are the practical
nullifiers. Is it not then hypocrisy for them to
descant upon the merits of the Union ? They who
nulhfy its laws, separate and disunite themselves,
and endeavor to goad others into a like lawless-
ness, should be known, and when known, their
doom cannot be doubtful—
c' llic nigorest:
Ilunc tu, Itomanc, ceivcto/'
Here is the practical disunion, and I defy proof
of similar violation of constitutional law on the
part of the Democrats; yet the constant cry is
that the Democrats favor disunion, while, the truth
is, the Republicans are actually practicing it. I
ask this question of every thinking citizen: under
a Democratic Administration is not the Union safe
pastporadventure? And under a Republican one,
is not its peace endangered, if even its continuance
can be maintained? The affirmative answers will
indicate the political duty.
The Democratic party, some of my colleagues
say, is an anti-tuviiT party. This is not true. This
question seems sectional, not political. In the last
Congress, two Democratic members of this House
from Connecticut, three from New Jersey, fifteen
from Pennsylvania, several from New York and
California, voted steadily and persistently to
change and increase the tariff; and at the present
session, though there arc but few Democrats from
the northern States-—treachery and deception hav-
ing done their work—yet they have voted in favor
of the measure, and will do so again and again.
In Pennsylvania ihc feeling is unanimous. This
is admitted by the Opposition, as will he seen by
the following resolution, recently adopted at one
of their mass meetings, which was addressed by
their candidate for Governor:
" It is Iinrdly necessary for us to reiteiate our fidelity to '
the protection of American indu tiv- Oui opponents them-
selvos dare not,in Pennsylvania, di-.sent from thru poiir-y
which multiplies home maikets and home exchanges, stim-
ulates ove.iy domestic art and eutorpnsp, and hioses, not
Pennsylvania alone, but oveiy State of our Contedciacy.5'
Eutaie the Republicans sincere m their pro-
fessions of attachment for an increased tariff? I
doubt it mightily. For why, among the enumer-
ated principles of the party, set forth in their call
for the convention at Chicago, was there no allu- j
sion to the subject? It certainly is not one of i
their indispensable political principles; and their ;
supportofit, m certain regions,is very lukewarm, j
Contrast the resolutions of the two conventions j
recently held in Pennsylvania. That of the Op- j
position says: j
" In the enactment of revenue Iaw< by the Genoial Gov- ,
eminent, fair and adequate protection should be systemat- i
ieally allbi'ded to the indu-.it}' of all elates of our citizens. |
Tis.it we maintain a d"\"oted attachment to the poliej* of !
national (.\chan^e>. which secmc.s to the workinsman lib- |
oral \v.i2e-,lo larmui < and planters leifluncrative prices lor j
then pioduct*. to inerhnme.- and manufacturers for their j
fkill, labor, and entei prise, and to the nation commercial |
prospenty and independence.1
And, without any violent strain of meaning, it <
may signify that sort of national exchanges which ,
our free-trade friends desire, which would satisfy
the Virginia member of the Committee of Ways
and Means, [Mr. Millson,] or even the war-
horse ol free trade from South Carolina, [General
McQ,ueex.]
The resolution of the Democratic convention
has, at any rate, an unmistakable meaning; it is:
''That the convictions of the Democratic paity remain
unshaken in the wisdom and policy of adequate protection
ot'iron, coal, wool, and the other great staples of the coun-
try, based upon the necessities of a reasonable revenue sys-
tem of the General Government; and, appioving of the views
of .President Buchanan upon the s-ubjeet of specific duties,
we earnestly desire our Representatives in Congress to pro-
cure such modifications of the existing laws as the unwise
legislation of the Republican party in 3857 renders abso-
lutely necessary for the prospenty of the great industrial
interests of Pennsylvania."
I do doubt their sincerity. I believe it is their
intention to force through this House a tariff bill
which they hope and know the Senate will not
accept; they will have nothing less, and then they
will cry that the Democratic Senate has defeated
the tariff. I have prepared and submitted a bill
such as I firmly believe can be passed by both
branches, and will be approved by the Executive,
giving full and the best protection to the interests
of my own State, and the staples of the whole
country, in the shape of specific duties. Coming
from a Democrat, it will not, of course, be sanc-
tioned by the Republicans; but " forewarned is
forearmed, "and the people of Pennsylvania, and
of the whole nation, will not be deceived by their
insincere professions or unfounded complaints.
My every vote has been in favor of a tariff
whicjh shall produce an abundant revenue, with
discrimination to protect our own industrial in-
terests. I do not forget that Massachusetts men
and Massachusetts gold—$87,000—were instru-
mental in putting upon the country the tariff act
of 1857; the one which, more than any other, dis-
criminated the least in favor of Pennsylvania.
The principles of this party arc various in va-
rious quarters. In my State they are called the
" People's party;" and while some of them launch
out in praise offoreign emigration, others of them
denounce and proscribe foreigners. Kay, one of
their leading men, a few nights since, at amass
meeting, said his party had been beaten by for- *
eigners, u'ho did not eat meat on Friday; thus rid-
iculing a religious observance of a large and re-
spectable Christian sect. Another of them, in the
same spirit, said " he was in favor of the Chicago
nominee, but did not want a candidate who would
ask Bishop John Hughes holv to act,"alluding to
Governor Seward. Yet this is the party that is
against slavery in the Territories, because they
ought to be peopled by the white emigrants from
other countries. Out upon such double dealing!
" Doff off that hon's hide,
And wear a calf-skin on those recreant limbs."
In 1856 a desperate attempt was made by the • .
Opposition party to take possession of the Gov- w
eminent—a candidate of no fixed or known polit-
ical views, John C. Fremont, was nominated. Hd
had been a gallant soldier, although he had aban-
doned the Army service,and this, it was known,
would give him strength with the people, who are
ever willing to trust their battles at home to be
fought by those who act bravely on the battle-field
abroad. The effort failed. The Democracy ral-
lied, and placed m the Executive chair a tried and
trusty statesman of the old school, who had spent
nearly forty-five years, almost uninterruptedly in
the public service—the last of trained statesmen!
Clay, Calhoun, Benton, Webster, King, Clayton
have all passed to immortality, and the mushrooms
of a night's growth are substituted for them.
The Opposition has attacked the administra-
tion of James Buchanan with virulence, venom,
and injustice. Look at its policy and its successes.
A desperate rebellion has been quelled in'Utah;
our fabrics and manufactures find a good market
in Paraguay. Japan, with her millions of inhab-
itants, is our valuable customer; and England—
haughty England—has succumbed and relin-
quished her right to visit and search the vessels
of our country at sea. We are preparing a peace-
able and prosperous alliance with Mexico and
Central America. China has made a favored
treaty, and indemnified our citizens, and has al-
ready paid part of the indemnity. Our flag is every-
where respected; the American citizen, native or
naturalized, moves through every country with a
well-pladfcd confidence in its protection. Peace and
plenty prevail at home. Kansas has stopped bleed-
ing, and the country is prosperous. Yet James
Buchanan gets no credit for these things; but is
the daily target for the practicing shots of this
Opposition. Time, however, will correct this.
Like Andrew Jackson, he has moved onwards,
undisturbed by the treacherous and treasonable
