652
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
from Ohio, [Mr. Corwin.] That gentleman said,
the other day, in a series of questions and an-
swers between himself and myself, that wherever
slaves can be profitably worked, in hot climates
where slave labor is available, he would vote to
protect slavery.
Nov/, sir, if slavery is wrong, wrong in morals,
it ought not to be carried anywhere. If it is right
in morals, then your agitation is unwarrantable.
Now, I understand that the gentleman from New
Jersey, the nominee of this party, takes exactly
that ground. 1 understand that the Republican
party, in order to lure over certain floating votes,
have taken up a man who says he is an old-line
Whig, in favor of the fugitive slave law, and who
does not believe that slavery is wrong in itself.
And then, to get the votes of other individuals,
he has, I am bound to infer, made pledges about
theconstitutionofcommittees. [Criesof"Order!"
"Vote!"]
I only desire to say in addition, that any gen-
tleman on this side of the House can get my vote
to .-beat that party, no matter who that individual
is. I am informed and believe that the gentleman
from Ncw.Tersey recommended the enforcement
of the fugitive slave law when he was Governor.
I vote, for the present, for Mr. Miles. [Laughter
from the Republican benches.]
Mr. LEACH, of North Carolina, when his
name was called, said: Whenever the members
of the Democratic party cast their full vote, as I
hope they will do, for Mr. McClernand, I and
others of tliQ southern Opposition will vote for
him. I vote, for the present, for Mr. Gilmer.
Mr. LEAKE, when his name was called, said:
I will take the pledge of the gentleman from North
Carolina, and vote for Mr. McClernand, of Il-
linois; and I hope all Democrats will vote for
him.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, when his name was
called, said: Before I vote, i wish to put a couple
of questions. 1 desire to know of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Morris,] who changed
his vote the other day bccause he could not as-
certain how the Committee of Ways and Moans
would be constituted, m the event of the election
of Mr. Smftii, of North Carolina, if he attempted
to get that information until it was ascertained
that, as the vote stood, Mr. Smith was elected ?
That is one question that I desire to propound.
Now, sir, I state—and 1 have good reason for
stating—that the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr.Morris] did not seek to know how the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means would be organized
by the gentleman from North Carolina until after
he had ascertained that an election was made.
Now, another question. It is rumored—I ad-
dress myself now to the gentleman from North
Carolina, [Mr. Gilmer]—1 trust it is not so, but
I have heard that that gentleman has said that
^ie would rather have a conservative Republican
elected Speaker than a Democrat.
Mr. GILMER. I will answer with great pleas-
ure, that I never said any such thing.
Mr. STANTON. I object to these interroga-
tories.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I vote for Mr. Mc-
Clf.rnand, of Illinois.
Mr. BARKSDALE (the roll havingbecn called
through) said: On yesterday, I voted for the hon-
orable gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. McCler-
nand,] when I was assured that, if the whole Dem-
ocratic vote could be given to him, he might be
elected. Uut, sir, I desire to say that, in giving
that vote for Mr. McClkrnand, I did not intend
to indorse the views which lie is understood to
entertain in reference to squatter sovereignty; for
if then?is any political doctrine advocated in this
country more objectionably to me than any other,
it is the doctrine of squatter sovereignty. I be-
lieve that it is the duty of the Government to throw
around slave property, all species of property in
the Territories, the shield of its protection. Hence,
'n voting for the honorable gentleman froni Illi-
nois, I did not intend to indorse that doctrine; so
.far from it, I utterly scorn and reject it. I voted ■
for him bccause he had mingled m our caucuses;
because he had, dating the whole of this struggle,
fought under the Democratic flag, no matter by
whom it had been borne: and because the contest
was narrowed down between him and Mr. Pen-
nington, the candidate of the Republican party.
I have admired his gallant bearing throughout this
contest; I have admired the zeal he has displayed
in the support of the Democratic candidates from
the commencement of this contest down to so near
its close; and hence I cast my vote for him.
I desire to say that I shall cast a second vote for
Mr. McClernand, bccause I am sure that even
now there is a possibility of electing him to the
Speakership over the candidate of the Black
Republican party, and I desire now to ask the
gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Leach,]
whether, if the entire Democratic vote can be given
for the gentleman from Illinois, the votes of his
party will also be given for him? I ask the ques-
tion in good faith, because I know the honorable
gentleman from North Carolina is sincerely de-
sirous of electing a national man over the candi-
date of the Republican party.
Mr. LEACH, of North Carolina. I will say
to my friend from Mississippi, that I am as sin-
cerely anxious to beat the candidate of the Repub-
lican party as he is. I cannot say whether the
party with which I act will give a unanimous vote
for the gentleman from Illinois, under the circum-
stances which the gentleman from Mississippi
names or not. I will not assume to speak for the
party. But I will remark, as I said the other day,
that it was required by the Democratic party, as
a condition precedent, that the vote of the south-
ern Opposition should be given unanimously for
Mr. Smith, of North Carolina, before the Demo-
cratic vote could be given for him. That unani-
mous vote of the southern Opposition was given.
I say then that, in pursuance of the course indi-
cated then by distinguished Democrats, I think it
is the duty of Democrats to vote unanimously
upon the candidate of their own selection, from
their own number, before they call upon us to vote
for him. I will tell the gentleman, however, that
if the gentleman from Illinois receives the unani-
mous vote of the Democratic party, ho shall have
my vote, and there are other members of the
southern Opposition who will vote for him.
Mr. GILMER. I desire to call the attention
of my friend from Mississippi to the condition of.
this vote as it now stands. There have been two
hundred and thirty-three votes cast. There have
been one hundred and sixteen votes cast for the
Republican candidate, leaving one hundred and
seventeen votes behind. Butin that votei^ included
the vote of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Mc-
Clernand] himself. The gentleman will see,
therefore, that it is utterl}7" impossible, by any
combination, to beat the Republican candidate.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire to make this re-
mark, in reply to the gentleman from North Caro-
lina, [Mr. Gilmtr,] that with the unanimous vote
of the mcmbeis opposed to the Republican parly
for the gentleman from Illinois, it will defeat the
election of Mr. Pennington. It is understood
that Mr. St\llwortii will be here m a short time;
lie may be here to-day. Then, by a combination
of the South Americans and the Democrats upon
Mr. McClernand, of Illinois, Mr. Pennington,
the candidate of thfc Republican party, can be de-
feated. Now, I desire to ask the gentleman from
North Carolina, if, under these circumstances, he
will vote for Mr. McClernand?
Mr. GILMER. I state to the gentleman that
I have already voted, and that I see no occasion
to change my vote. If I did, my friend knows
that no election would be effected.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Then, Mr. Clerk, I un-
derstand the gentleman from North Carolina to
state, distinctly, that he would not change his
vote, if, by doing so, he could defeat the election
of Mr. Pennington.
Mr. GILMER. I have stated no such thing,
Mr. Clerk.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire to state, then,
that if Mr. Pennington is elected upon this \ ote,
the gentleman from North Carolina, and those as-
sociated with him, are responsible, because they
refused to cast their votes for Mr. McClernand.
Mr. HILL. I wish to make a remark. I
Mr. ASHLEY. It does not matter whether j
the gentleman from North Carolina votes for Mr.
McClernand or votes for another opposed to Mr.
Pennington, for the result will be the same, and
the gentleman from Mississippi, therefore, is only
consuming the time of the House for nothing.
Mr. BARKSDALE. The gentleman is not to
judge for me as to how much time I am to con-
sume. [Laughter.] I judge for myself m refer-
ence to what i shall say or how much time I shall
occupy
Mr. SPINNER. I object to the gentleman's
proceeding, since he sets this House at defiance.
Mr. HILL. I merely wish to say that the
same thing is now accomplished that would be
accomplished if we would concentrate our votes
upon Mr. McClernand. It matters not for whom
Mr. Gilmer casts his vote, and as he has now
cast it, for all purposes of staving off Mr. Penning-
ton's election, it is quite as well as if it were
given for Mr. McClernand.
Mr. BARKSDALE resumed the floor.
Mr. COLFAX. I rise to a question of order.
There was a solemn compact entered into by this
House on yesterday. It is recorded in the Globe,
as follows:
" Mr. Burnett." * * * <c But I say to you
this: that to-morrow, after a preliminary vote or call of the
Bouse, to see whethcrali of our men are here, we will vote
dnectlytor Speaker ; am? I think I can speak for the Dem-
on atie party.
" Republican Members. That will do.
"Mr. Houston. That is, if all our men are here.
" [Cries of 1 That will do !' < Let us adjourn !']
"Mr. Burnett. With that understanding, I hope that
the gentleman who demanded the yeas and nays will with-
diaw the call.
"Mr Spinner. T withdraw it.
" The motion to adjourn was agreed to ; and thereupon
(at twenty minutes past four o'clock, p. m.) the House
adjourned/'
The compact was, that there should be a vote
this morning for Speaker, directly, and without
debate. Now, is that compact faithfully adhered
to ?
Mr. BARKSDALE. I am, Mr. Clerk, merely
explaining my position. It is'my right to do so.
It has not been questioned before, during this
vote, that I know of. 1 am not violating the agree-
ment made yesterday—the vote has already been
taken.
The CLERIv. The Clerk will state to the gen-
tleman from Mississippi that some objections have
been made, and that they have, from time to time,
been withdrawn. The gentleman from Missis-
sippi is upon the floor, "by unanimous consent,
and he has commenced his statement. The Clerk
would, therefore, suggest to the gentleman from
Indiana, that, having obtained the consent of the
House, it would hardly be in order now to pre-
clude the gentleman from Mississippi from con-
tinuing his remarks.
Mr. COLFAX. I do not object to the gentle-
man from Mississippi going on, but I do object
to anybody else interpolating remarks in the gen-
tleman's speech.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I ask the gentleman from
Geoigia whether he is not aware of the fact that
unless Mr. McClernand increases his vote upon
this ballot, there are two gentlemen, at least one,®
who has signified his purpose to change his vote
and to give it for Mr. Pennington, and thus elect
him r
Mr. HILL. I am not aware of the fact the gen-
tleman states, or of how gentlemen will vote.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Well, 1 inform the gen-
tleman of that fact now. The gentleman has yet
an opportunity to change his vote, increase that
of Mr. McClernand, and thus prevent the elec-
tion, upon this ballot, of the nominee of the Re-
publican party.
Mr. HILL. It seems to me that it is as much
as any gentleman can be reasonably expected to
do, to take care of himself m this House. [Laugh-
ter.] 1 know that it is not expected of me to Jake
care of others. If gentlemen rhoose to do wrong,
I cannot prevent them. Let them do what they
deem their duty.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I have then stated the
fact, m the hearing of the gentlemen of the Amer-
ican parly, that unless Mr. McClernand's vote
is increased on tins ballot, Mr. Pennington will
be elected, when by their votes his election could
be prevented.
Mr. LEACH, of North Carolina. I have
evinced my disposition to vote for Mr. McCler-
nand.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Thegentleman has evinced
a patriotic purpose to do so, and I honor him for
it. Not so with other members of his party.
Mr. HILL. How is my vote for Mr. McCler-
nand to prevent the election of Mr. Pennington?
Mr. BARKSDALE. One gentleman, at least,
has published in thellouxc ihathe intended event-
ually to vote for Mr. Pennington, and thus to
terminate this contest, unless the vote ofthe oppo-
sition to the Republican party can bo. concentrated
