I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
231
36th Cong....1st Sess.
Position of Parties—Mr. Duell.
Ho. of Reps.
Mexico, Spain, and South America, that slavery
may bn planted thpre. The African slave trade is
to be restored by Federal enactment or judicial
decision. The rule so long acted upon, that the
majority shall govern, is to be set aside. By threats
of dissolving the Union, and of violent resistance
to the authority of a President constitutionally
elected, the Democratic party is seeking to com-
pel the majority to forego its constitutional rights,
and in electing a President to consult not its own
wishes and preferences, but those of a small mi-
nority. It says, " Take the Government from
our control, with its patronage and its influence,
and that very hour we dissolve the Union. Elect
our man, give us all the Federal officers, the for-
eign appointments, and the collection and dis-
bursement of the Federal revenues, and the Union
may stand." Leading Democrats from the South
go a step further. Said Senator Clay, of Ala-
bama:
"I repeat, by the unanimous action of Legislatures and
conventions, the southern States, except three, have pledged
themselves to dissolve the Union upon the prohibition oj sla-
very in the Territories
Said Senator Iverson, of Georgia:
"The southern States ought to demand of thejr northern
brethren, that, i%the establishment of every territorial gov-
ernment by Congress, their slave property should be put upon
the same footing of all other property which shall be earned
into the Territories," * * * * "ami that
ample remedies be provided for its protection^1 x *
" and in the event that Congress should re-
fuse," * * * * "then the South should no
longer remain in a Union which thus fails to accomplish
the objects of its formation, and without which It would
be a cu«£>e, rather than a blessing."
Sir, these are strange doctrines. What! dis-
solve this glorious Union, cemented by the blood
and consccrated by the prayers of our fathers,
because slavery, with all its attendant horrors, is
not allowed to extend itself into our free Terri-
tories! Would to Heaven that the citizens of
every State in this Confederacy' could divest
themselves of all prejudice, and look at this prop-
osition as it is, and see where modern Democracy
is driving us!
According to Mr. Brown, a Democratic Senator
from Mississippi, that party holds to the following
doctrines on the subject of slavery in the Territo-
ries:
"Fiist, that a slave is property under the Constitution
of the United States ; secondly, that, being property, his
owner has the same right to lake him to a common Terri-
tory, and theie hold him as? pioperty, that the owner of any
other species of pioperty has to tak£ that specics-.and hold
it theio; thirdly, that, having the constitutional right to
take his property to thoTerntory.he is ol necc&bity entitled
to have it pioteeted alter he gets it theie."
The doctrine of Mr. Buchanan is the same. In
his last annual message, he says:
"The right has been established of every citizen to take
Ins property, of any kind, including slaves, into the com-
mon Temtories belonging equally to all the States of the
Confederacy, and to have it pioteeted there under the Fed-
eral Constitution. Neither Congress, nor a Terutoriai
Legislature, nor nnv human power, has any authojityto
annul or impair this vested light." * + * *
" llad it been decided that either Congress or the Tct mo-
rtal Legislature possess tbo power to annul 01 impair the
right to property in slaves, the evil would be mtolciable."
Sir, the President is entitled to credit for his
frankness. He skulks behind no phraseological
subterfuge, which may mean one thing at the
North,-and quite a different thing at the South;
but boldly, m the face of the whole nation, he
expounds the Democratic gospel of slavery ex-
tension, and as boldly, and without flinching,
subscribes to it. Whoever reads the message,
can have no misconception of what Democracy :
is in the year of grace 1860. It is no Delphic
oraele, which, like, the Cincinnati platform or the
Dred Scott decision, may be interpreted to suit
all sections of the Union!
Sir, the Democracy of Charleston, South Car-
olina, who occupy an independent position, and
only act with the national Democracy when it is
orthodox on the slavery question, lately held a
meeting to decide whether to send delegates to j
the Charleston convention. They finally, I be- ■
lieve, came to the conclusion that it was safe for ;
them to be represented, and they adopted a cer- j
tain preamble and resolutions, setting forth their
reasons therefor. I give their language:
"Nothing is plainer or better understood, than that the peo-
ple of the southern States constitute, for all practical pur-
potes, the Dcmvcraiic party ; and that no constitutional right
or principle which they unite m demanding can be ignored
oriefused." j
And yet our Democratic friends at the North
tell us that they arc not a sectional party! At the
South they understand this matter differently.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Hick-
man,] who has been a Democrat all his life, told
us on this floor, what is known to be true, that
while that party tolerates freedom of action on
other subjects, it allows none in regard to sla-
very. Mr. Hickman said:
" I have been in this House long enough to learn many
things which I never could have learned at home, and I
think it has perfected my education upon one point: I have
learned that a man may support every measure of a Demo-
cratic Administration, and yet, if he shall vote against a
single interest of shivery, he ceases ipso facto to be a Dem-
ocrat; but if he vote against every measme of the Admin-
istiation, and will sustain the interests of slavery, he is ?j?so
facto a good Democrat. I put that as God's naked truth
"before tins House and before the country, and I intend to
stand upon it as a solemn conviction."
Sir, did ever a great party, professing to be the
peculiar advocates of the rights of man, and in-
trusted with the great interests of a free people,
surrender them so unwisely and so ingloriously?
But, sir, wc are told that slavery extension is
an abstraction—that the institution will not ex-
tend beyond its present limits. The history of
the past gives the lie to this assumption. In 1790,
the number of slaves in the slave States was six
hundred and fifty-seven thousand five hundred
and thirty-three. To-day, the number is four
million! WhatsaidMr. Crawford, of Georgia,
an able Democratic member from that State, on
this floor;
" I want the question tested between you and n*s. I want
it settled. I want to know whether we are to be controlled,
whether we are to be limited to where slavery now exist*,
or whether we are to have liberty to go beyond. We
have now foui million slaves. Jn some twenty-five years
bonce we will have eight million. We demand expansion.
We will have expansion, m «pite of the Republican party,
and all the Abolitionists of the Old and New" World. [Ap-
plause fiom the Demociatic benches and the galleiies.'*]
Ever since slave labor became profitable, it has
been rapidly extending. The feeling towards the
system has undergone a great change at the South
within twenty years. Senator Iversov expressed
thepre vailing sentiment at the South, when he said:
"The southern people do not admit that slavery i^ a
moial wrong, a social evil, or a political curse; on the con-
trary, they believe it right in the sight of Heaven, salutary
in it-social bearing and ctfccts,and conducive to the highest
development ol political blessings."
Mr. Chairman, T desire, just here, to hold up
to tliegazeof the honest masses of the Democratic
party, some of the declarations uttered by southern
Democrats m the Senate and upon this floor,and
what course they intend to take m case a majority
of the people should elect a Republican io the
office of PivgMcntof the United States. 4
- On the 16th of December, Mr. Boxham, a Dem-
ocratic member from South Corolina, said:
" F say, without hesitation, that on the election of Mr.
Seward, or any other man who indorses, pioclaims, or
holds, the sentiments declared by Mr. Seward, I would
favor immediate disunion; and I think I speak the senti-
ments of my entire State."
On the 15th, Mr. Crawford, of Georgia, said:
" It is the sentiment of every Demociat on this floor from
Gcoigia, that they nevej would submit to the inauguiation
ot a {Slack Rcpubhcau Piosident."
On the 10th, Mr. Curuy, a Democrat from Al-
abama, said:
"If the North clected Seward, or Chase, or any other
membei ol the Republican paity, on a sectional platlbim,
such an election wah to be rcM&ted, to the deoti action of
every tifj that binds the Confederacy together. [Applause
by the Democrats.]"
Mr. De Jarnette, a Democrat from Virginia,
in speaking of Mr. Seward, said:
"You may elect him President of the North; but of the
South, never. Whatever the event may be, others may dif-
tci; but Virginia, in view ot her ancient renown, m view
of hei jlluituou-, dead, m view ol her sic semper tyranms,
will resist his authority."
Senator Clay, Democrat, of Alabama, said:
" I will say that if Alabama be not recreant to State pride
and political mteciity, she will never submit to your [Re-
publican] authoutj."
Again he said:
"Unless she and and all the southern States, except
three, ar«? not faithless to the pledges they have given, they
will never submit to your Republican domineering in this
Government."
Mr. Barksdale, a Democrat from Mississippi,
said:
<l I have nrver desired a dissolution of this Union; but
should the Black Republican party obtain the control of the
Government, I shall be for disunion."
In the Senate, no longer ago than the 22d March
last, Mr. Wigfall, a Democratic Senator from
Texas, said:
" These people of the North have been misled, and those i
who have misled them do not believe that we are in earnest.
I should be recreant to my duty if I were not to stand here
and say, that I do not believe, upon my conscience and upon
my hcai t, that a Black ItepubJ ican can ever be inaugurated
President of these United States. Now cut your leashes,
turn loose your terriers, and take in your rat-killers ? and
if we do not gcAnto Boston, into winter quarters, before
you ever get into Texas, you may shoot me."
The same Senator tells us, in another part of
his speech, with whom the South will confederate
in the event of a dissolution of the Union. He
says:
" i am talking about a confederacy with England,am I?
Well, before God, I would just as soon confcderatevMh them,
as I uoiUd ivith you. 'They are our ownblood. I am, an Eng-
lishman. You are Englishmen. Jill of tis are Jlnglo-Sax-
ons. We happened to settle in different colonies. We hap-
pened simultaneously to throw ojf'the dominion of the Grown
of England.
Sir, the men who utter these sentiments now con-
trol the affairs of this Government, and shape its
legislation. They have the control of the Dem-
ocratic party, including the President, Vice Pres-
ident, Cabinet, Senate, and Supreme Court. Yes,
sir, the South have got them all! And yet it Is
these gentlemen who are continually preaching
against the northern people, and particularly the
Republican party, because it is sectional, as they
term it. When I see a great party voting stead-
ily against a homestead bill, protection to Amer-
ican industry, and other measures necessary and
wholesome to the public good, because they do
not directly benefit slavery, and then accuse others
of sectionalism, 1 am led to exclaim, with the poet:
" O' for a forty-parson power,
To chant thy praise, hypocrisy !"
I deny that the Republican party is a sectional
party. The Democracy say we are so, because
our strength is at the North, and we are unable to
carry any southern State. This argument proves
too much. Tested by this rule, the Democratic
party is likewise sectional; for it is a notorious
fact, that every slave State is now Democratic,
and every free State, save one, anti-Democratic.
If freedom is national, then the Republican party
is national. If slavery is sectional, then the Demo-
cratic party is to-day a sectional party, for it con-
sults no other interest save that of slavery.
Sir, the Republican party is the only party in
this country that adheres to the principles laid
down byJelTerson. Itistheonly party that offers
resistance to slavery extension. While it does
this, it is at the same time a Union party; it has
and does yet continue to sustain the Constitution
in its purity, and holds to it as the best safeguard
of our liberties as a people. According to my un-
derstand ing, there is not a man of that party who
indorses the doctrine of disunion. If the North
has wrongs to be redressed—and God knows she
has many—she will seek satisfaction in a consti-
tutional way, inside of the Union, and not out of
it. I know it is charged that wc are aiming at the
abolition of slavery in the States by the action of
the Federal Government. This is a mistake. We
are content to let the slave States manage their
" peculiar institution ' in their own way, without
" let or hinderance."
The Republican party had no existence until
the South, aided by northern^doughfaces, abi*o-
gated the Missouri compromise. When all the
free territory of the United States was threatened
with slavery, it became necessary to exhibit the
true character and tendency of that institution.
When the whole southern Democratic press con-
tended with one voice that the relation of master
and slave was the true relation which capital and
labor ought to sustain towards each other; that it
is a normal relation in all well-organized com-
munities; that free society was a failure; that ne-
gro slavery was a blessing to the white race and
the colored race; and, consequently, that every
consideration of sound policy, justice, and hu-
manity, required the extension of this system of
negro slavery into the newTerritories, and where-
ever else it was possible to extend it. When these
pernicious doctrines were promulgated by the
southern press, it became necessary to 'combat
and overcome them by reviving the doctrine^ nf
