1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
653
upon Mr. McClernand. His purpose to do so
is no secret; ho has proclaimed it upon the floor;
and in order fo prevent it, the votes of both the
Democratic and South American parties should be
given to Mr. McClernand
Mr. HILL. With the leave of my friend from
Mississippi, with whom I so much concur on the
subject of popular sovereignty, and who differs
with me only as to the method of exhibiting my
repugnance to that doctrine, I will say that I
think I carry the evidence of my opposition to-
day rather farther than he does, and that I must
be permitted to manifest it in my own way, while
I do not object to his doing it in his way. I say,
with all deference to the gentleman, that I do not
expect to vote for any man for Speaker, or Pres-
ident, or any other office, unless one of mere honor,
who entertains the doctrine of popular sover-
eignty.
Mi. BARKSDALE. I call the gentleman's
attention to this fact: On Friday, when Air. Mal-
lory, of Kentucky, stated that, by the votes of
the Democratic party, Mr. Smith, of North Car-
olina, could be elected Speaker of this House,
enough votes were obtained to secure his election.
The Democratic party then sacrificed their per-
sonal predilections, and rallied to the support of
Mr. Smith, of North Carolina.^
Mr. MALLORY. Does the gentleman from
Mississippi state that votes enough can be secured
on the Democratic side of the House to clcct Mr.
McClernand if the Americans vote for him?
Mr. BARKSDALE. 1 state that,with theunited
vote of the Democratic party and the votes of the
South Americans, Mr. Pennington's election can
be prevented.
Mr. MALLORY. But the Democrats are not
united. I suppose that the gentleman, however,
merely makes a statement of his opinion. I do
not think thai it is within the knowledge of the
gentleman that his assertion is true.
Mr. HILL. I ask the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi if he knows whether there are any Demo-
crats ready to change their votes for Mr. MeCLEIt-
nand ?
Mr. BARKSDALE. I cannot state, at this
moment, positively.
Mr. MALLORY. I said yesterday, and I re-
peat it now, that when the Democratic party of
this House put Mr. McClernand in a position
where the votes of the South American party will
clect him, I will vote for him.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I make this statement.
We can place him m that position where we can
defeat the Republican nominee. It is your duty,
gentlemen, to prevent the election of a Repub-
lican.
Mr. MALLORY. I understand the gentleman
to state that he does not know whether any Dem-
ocrat is ready to change his vote for Mr. McCler-
nand. •
Mr. SHERMAN. I make the point of order,
and ask gentlemen whether this has not gone far
enough? Lei us have the vote terminated.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I am upon the .floor, and
I hope the gentleman from Ohio will pardon me.
The CLERK. The Clerk understands that 
Mr. HILL. Mr. Clerk, 1 beg to say to my
friend from Mississippi that in all likelihood the
day may arrive when that class of men who en-
tertain opinions like his and mine upon the subject
of the protection of slavery in the Territories will
need all the harmony and concord of action they
can possibly bring to bear for the success of that
particular party. Let me now adjure him at the
outset not to quarrel among ourselves as to who
shall be the Speaker of this House. If what has
fallen from the lips of another of our coadjutors
upon this subject [Mr. Keitt] be true in regard
to the position of the distinguished nominee of
the Republicans of this House, he is not after all
so very bad a man. If it be true that ho is m fa-
vor of the fugitive slave law and its enforcement,
and that he will not interfere with slavery in Ter
ritorics where it naturally belongs, hccomcsvery
close to my views and those of the gentleman
from Mississippi.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Georgia if the candidate of the Re-
publican party, a man who has been voting'for
Mr. Sherman until he was himself nominated,
is acceptable to him as Speaker of this House?
Mr. PIILL. Certainly not, and I shall not vote
for him.
Mr. BARKSDALE. You are making a speech
for him.
Mr. HILL. No; I am only stating what Mr.
Keitt said. Mr. Keitt has already made a very
tolerable spccch for Ijim, if he places him in his
true light.
A Voice. Ask Mr. Lovejoy.
Mr. PULL. Mr. Keitt made a very good
spcech for him, arid I hope he has not misstated
any material fact in reference to the position of
the gentleman from New Jersey. But what I com-
plain of is this getting up a schism between the
friends of the protection of slavery m the Terri-
tories.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire to make this ad-
ditional remark: That if there should"be an election
upon this ballot, and Mr. Pennington should be
elected Speaker of this Plouse, I desire to call the
attention of the country to this fact, that the Rep-
resentative of a slaveholding constituency [Mr.
Henry Winter Davis] will be responsible for
that election. But for the vote of the gentleman
from Maryland, even upon this ballot, with the
changes which it is understood will be made, Mr.
Pennington cannot be elected; and I desire to
state, and desire the country to know, that a mem-
ber of the American party will be responsible for
•the election of the candidate of the Republican
party n.n Speaker of tlus House. I vote for Mr.
McClejinand, of Illinois.
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama, obtained the floor.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now give notice, that if
there is any power in this House to enforce order,
I shall, from this time forth, insist upon the pres-
ervation of order. I object to this discussion,
and I appeal to gentlemen to obey the rules of
order. We have no power to enforce order unless
we do.
The CLERK. The gentleman from Ohio ob-
jects to anv further explanation.
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama. I claim it as a
mailer of n°;ht.
Mr. TOMPKINS. Then I object.
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama. I have a right to
make a personal explanation.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the gentleman from
Alabama if he intends to change his vote, or to
cast a vote affecting this ballot?
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama. 1 do not consider it
necessary to state to that gentleman what I expect
to do or to say. I claim the right to make a per-
sonal explanation. That is always in order.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask now if there is any
power in this House to preserve order? I object
to the gentleman's proceeding.
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama. I claim it as my
right to make a personal explanation.
The CLERK. The Clerk begs leave to say to
the gentleman from Alabama, that by the parha-
mcntaiy law, during the taking of a vote, it is
not m order to speak, except by unanimous con-
sent; but the Clerk desires further to state 
Mr. WINSLOW. I hope the gentleman from
Ohio will withdraw his objection.
Mr.SHERMAN. If thu gentleman from North
Carolina can place jsomo reasonable, limit to this
discussion, I 
Mr. WINSLOW. It cannot proceed much
further.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to put an end to
this contest.
Mr. GROW. I desire to make this suggestion:
If any gentleman having the floor will go on and
make his remarks, and not allow a colloquy be-
tween three, four, or five gentlemen at the same
time, I think there will be no objection upon this
side of the House. I think both sides have agreed
heretofore that these colloquies are not proper.
Mr. WINSLOW. I think the feeling of the
House will be better consulted by allowing every
gentleman to pursue that course which he thinks
his duty to himself and his constituents requires.
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama. Am I rccognized
by the Clerk ?
The CLERTt. The Clerk recognizes the gen-
tleman from Alabama.
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama. I have but a word J
or two to say. j
Mr. SHERMAN. I now enter my solemn pro- |
test against this violation of the rules of order, j
If the Clerk says that he has no power to enforce ■
the rules of order, I will submit to it. j
The CLERK. The Clerk begs leave to say to |
the gentleman from Alabama that these personal :
explanations, during the voting, cannot be in-
dulged in except by unanimous consent of the
House. But the gentleman from Ohio will bear
the Clerk witness that such explanations have,
from the beginning of this Congress, been permit-
ted by the House, usually by unanimous consent,
and that they have been permitted this morning
during the voting; and the gentleman from Ohio
will see at once that it places the Clerk in a very
embarrassing situation to call upon him to enforce
this rule strictly now.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I give this notice:
that, after the gentleman now upon the floor has
concluded, I shall insist on my objection; and I
appeal to gentlemen upon all sides of the House
to unite in insisting upon the enforcement of the
rules of order.
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama. It will be time
enough for the gentleman to appeal to the House
when he gets himself into a position to do so. I
do not acknowledge his right to do so now.
Mr. SHERMAN* Then 1 insist upon the en-
forcement of the rules.
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama. 1 insist upon being
heard.
The CLERK. The gentleman from Alabama
will recollect that the Clerk has stated that by
parliamentary law, which this body recognizes as
its rule of government 
Mr. SHERMAN, lfall the powersunderheaven
be brought to bear, I will not withdraw my ob-
jection. I insist upon my point of order.
The CLERK. The gentleman from Alabama
will permit the Clerk 
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama. It is not surprising
that the gentleman from Ohio should be somewhat
snarlish.
The CLERK. The Clerk conceives that the
gentleman from Ohio has the right, if he insists
upon it, to make the objection he has made. The
Cieik has just appealed to the gentleman from
Ohio to withdraw his objection for the purpose of
enabling 
"Mr. MOORE, of Alabama. I will not take the
floor by the courtesy of the gentleman from Ohio.
I claim it as a right.
Mr. COX. I appeal to my colleague to with-
draw his objection, assuring him that it will facil-
itate the ballot.
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama. I will not be in-
debted to the gentleman from Ohio for the floor.
Mr. SHERMAN. I insist on my objection.
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama. Since that is the
decision of the Clerk, that I will be out of order
unless I propose to change my vote, 1 will change
it m order to make an explanation of my course.
That I have the right to do.
The CLERK. The gentleman from Alabama
proposes to change his vote; and he proposes to
state the reasons for that change.
Mr. SHERMAN. Docs the gentleman from
Alabama so state to the Clerk?
The CLERK. The Clerk so understood the
gentleman.
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama. I only did so iti
case I am denied the right to speak. If I under-
stand the Clerk aright, he stated that I could not
otherwise make a personal explanation.
The CLERK. As the Clerk understands the
parliamentary law, gentlemen are not permitted
to make statements without the unanimous con-
sent of the House, while the House is dividing on
a question. But the gentleman from Alabama
now states thai he proposes to change his vote,
and ask«s to state his reasons for doing so.
Mr. SHERMAN. I said, when I rose, that I
would not object to that. If the gentleman had
so stated I would not have objected.
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama. Mr. Clerk, I have
but a word or two to say in explanation of the
course which I have felt it my duty to pursue in
this last balloting of to-day, and yesterday. I
should not have felt myself called upon to do so
even now, but for the remarks made by the gen-
tleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Barksdale.]
I understood yesterday, and the published pro-
ceedings show the fact, that if all the Democratic
and South American scattering votes had been cast
for Mr. McClernand, he could not have been
elected.
I am informed by one of the tellers at your table
that that is the case to-day; that if every vote of
the House besides those cast for Mr. Penning-
ton were cast forMr, McClernand, he could not
