654
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
now be elcctcd. I, then, Mr. Clerk, deny for my- j
self, and for those who act with me and who have |
not seen fit to cast their votes for Mr. McCler- J
nand, that we contribute in any manner to the
election of a Republican. I confess that the gen-
tleman from New Jersey is not so distasteful to
me as the Republican candidate who has been
withdrawn; but it is enough for me that he is a
Republican. If a sufficient number would unite
with me, I would sit here till the 4th of March,
1861, before I would ever conscnl to allow any one
of their number to fill the Speaker's chair. But
I know that that cannot be accomplished.
My repugnance to the election of the gentleman
from New Jcisey is so great, that if the respons-
ibility were thrown on me of deciding between
any one on this side and him, T think my whole
course, since the beginning of the session, would
not leave a question or doubt as to how 1 should
vote in such a contingency. My vote, it is certain,
could not elect—and prevents the election of Mr.
Pennington as effectually liy being cast for the
gentleman for whom I have voted, [Mr. Bocock,]
as if it were cast for Mr. McClernand. It counts
as much against the Republican candidate, and in
preventing his obtaining a majority of this House.
1 always regret to find myself compelled to sep-
arate from the great body of my Democratic
friends. In the present instance, my position is
one of extreme delicacy and embarrassment, be-
cause of the high character of the gentleman from
Illinois, who is presented for our support. I never
met that honorable gentleman till the beginning
of this session; but his whole course here has
commended him to my high respect and esteem.
I have no doubt that he would discharge the duties
of that position with credit to himself and with
honor to the country. ThatgeYitleman, however,
differs on fundamental questions from myself and
from those who sent me here, and from the Dem-
ocratic party of my State, as expressed in their
recent convention; and, I might add, from both
of the political parties of Alabama, as shown by
the action of the Legislature now in session. In
every county of my district the opinions which
he entertains on the subject of squatter sovereignty
have been condemned. In obeying the will and
reflecting the sentiments of my constituents, 1 do
but cairy out my own.
In conclusion, Mr. Clerk, I again and most
emphatically deny that my vote, with all the scat-
tering votes can elect, in any contingency, Mr.
McClkrnand. As to what may be done by gen-
tlemen changing their votes, that is entirely con-
jectural, and a matter which 1 cannot control. It
may be done at any time; and for that every man
must act on his own responsibility. I change my
vote from Mr. Bococic to Mr. Boyce, of South
Carolina.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. With the consent
of gentlemen on the other side, [laughter.] 1 want I
to make a small explanation. [Ci ies of " (J-o on.
I want to say simply this, that m not one of the |
votes which 1 have east since 1 have been here,
have I consulted myself, or how the vote would
operate on me. I have not voted for the man, but
for the country only. I have endeavored to keep
that in view all the while, and I have given my
vote to particular men as representatives of what
I conceive to be the best interests of the country.
Influenced hv no other feeling, I stand on that
platform. [Cries of "Good*"]
Mr. FLORENCE. Governed by patriotic mo-
tives, I cast my vote for John A. McClernand,
of Illinois.
Mr. BR1GG-S. 1 rise for the purpose of chang-
ing my vot *. [Sensation in the Hall and galleries,
and cries of " Down !" "Order'"] I will occupy
but a moment or two m giving th«; reasons why 1
shall change my vote. In fact, the position which I '
now occupy might have been anticipated from the i
remarks which I made in this House on Monday
last. 1 then stated that 1 was under a solemn
pledge and obligation to the party to which I am
and have been attached. There had been placed
in nomination a gentleman possessing the confi- ■
deuce of my political friends. The sequel proved
that he not only commanded the entire vote of
the party with which I am associated, but also
received nearly all the Democratic vote. He thus
came near to being elected, and was at one time,
as we recollect, elected. My efforts were expended
without avail. 1 was then free from further obli-
gations in that quarter by the withdrawal of my
candidate from the field. In reciprocation of the
generous and magnanimous acts of the Democratic
party in casting their vote for Mr. Smith, I could
do no less, with honor to myself, than to vote as
I have voted for one of their number. It is ap-
parent to us all that an election cannot be had by
the concentration of the elements of opposition
to the Republican party on any one nominee,
either American or Democrat; that this House
has now been engaged in an unsuccessful effort
to organize for nearly nine weeks: that the coun-
try is agitated, and are now waiting in breathless
silence, with all eyes turned in this direction; that
it is important that there should be an organiza-
tion. I claim that my course has been consistent
with my professions upon former occasions, that
I could cast my vote for a gentleman having party
affiliations, for gentlemen who I believed enter-
tained high and conservative opinions politically,
although they were connected with the Republican
party, i did name two, and I think I have named
three, gentlemen in that party for whom I could
consistently vote. I could not, as gentlemen
know, under the condition of things existing, for
apparent reasons, vote for the distinguished gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] who was the
nominee of that party for more than eight weeks.
Even had I cast my vote for him, it would have
accomplished no result. ^
The time has, however, now arrived when I can
conscientiously and consistently cast my vote for
a gentleman having affiliations with the Republi-
can party who is now the candidate of that party.
In doing so, 1 do not compiomise myself m any
paity sense. I am distinctly where you found
me on my arrival hero at the commencement
of the session. I still claim mv allegiance for
the American, conservative, constitutional, Union
party of the country. I say, Mr. Clerk, that in
casting my vote, as 1 am about to do, I am not
compromised in a political point of view, more
than Democrats were compromised and demoral-
ized m voting for my friend, Mr. Smith, of North
Carolina. A Democrat is not an old-line Whig
because he casts his vote for an old-line Whig.
So, sir, in casting my vote, as I am about to do,
for a gentleman associated with the Republican
party, it does not make a Republican of me.
Gentlemen,I will not detain you longer. Con-
scious of the responsibility that has attached to
me, holding, as I have for the last two votes, the
organization of the House in my hands, one vote
only being necessary,in addition to the one hun-
dred and sixteen votes given to Mr. Pennington,
ofN ew Jersey, to elect him Speaker of the House,
I now withdraw my vote from Mr. McClernand,
and cast my vote for Mr. Pennington, of New
Jersey. [The announcement was received with
deafening applause in the galleries, accompanied
with hisses.]
Mr. JENKINS. I desire to change my vote.
1 do it not expecting, however, that I shall accom-
plish anything practical by it, except that I will
give the House an opportunity of testing the sin-
cerity of some of the expressions of nationality
which have been made here to-day and hereto-
fore. I understand my friend from Mississippi
[Mr. Baiik^dale] to say that Mr. Stai.lwor.tii
will be here to-morrow or in a day or two. The
loss of three or four days even would be prefer-
able to the election of a Republican. I withdraw
my vote, therefore, from Mr. AIcClernand, and
cast it for Mr. Stvllwortii.
I understand that it is said now that we cannot
elect any man to defeat the Black Republican
party, because our candidate cannot vote for him-
self. 1 understand the gentleman fioniMew Yoik
[Mr. Bnrcros] to say that lie will vote for a na-
tional man, if Ins vote will elect him. If we vote
for Mr. Stallworth, our candidate ne< d not vote
for himself, and his election mav, therefore, be
accomplished. It is to test the sincerity of that
declaration of the gentleman from New York, that
I now cast my vote for Mr. Stallworiii.
The Clerk then read the names of members as
they were recotded.
Mr. JENKINS. I rise again to change my
vote. 1 said, when I voted for Mr. Stallworth,
that I did not expect to accomplish anything
practical bv it, but I understood the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Biiiggs] to sav, that in case
his vote, cast for the candidate m opposition to
the Republican party, would elect lum,he would
so vote. I therefore proposed the name of Mr,
Stallworth, but, inasmuch as the gentleman
from New York has made no response, and, as
any effort to effect a change will be unavailing, I
withdraw my vote from Mr. Stallworth and
vote for Mr. McClernand.
Mr. BRIGGS. I was not aware that any re-
marks had been addressed to me. [Cries of " An-
nounce the result!"]
Mr. BONHAM. Before the vote is declared,
I desire to make a single rcmaik; I may have mis-
apprehended the parliamentary law. When the
member from Ohio [Mr Sherman] objected to the
honorable member from Alabama [Mr. Moore]
proceeding, I protested earnestly, as I did when
the honorable gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Un-
derwood] made a similar objection, believing that,
while the vote was being taken, every member
had the right to give the reason for his vote. If
I am mistaken—and I understand the Clerk to
have stated that such a construction is not in
accordance with parliamentary law—it is due to
me to say, it is due to the honorable gentleman
fiom Georgia, to say—and I say it without con-
sultation with him or with any one else—that, be-
beving I was right, I had some feeling of indigna-
tion at the manner in which honorable members
were disposed to press their objections. It may
be that I am wrong, but such explanations cer-
tainly were made during the long-contested elec-
tions which took place in 1850 and 1854, when
members proposed to change their votes.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I'was satisfied the hon-
orable gentleman from South Carolina did not
intend to be offensive. I rise simply for the pur-
pose of giving the reason why I did not continue
my objections. I saw that my friends around me
did not like me to continue that course, and I
therefore discontinued it.
Mr. STANTON. [Loud cries of " No more
speeches!" and "Vote!" "Vote!"] I rise for
the purpose of asking [cries of " Declare the
vote!" " Order!"] that when the vote is declared,
there shall be no demonstrations of applause on
either side. [Shouts of "Order!" and "An-
nounce the result!"]
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. Before the
vote is announced, I wish to say, in justice to the
gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Smith,]
that in making the statement before the House
that he would give me no certain assurance as to
the policy on which he would construct the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, lie also said he would
give none to the other side of the House.
Several Members on the Democratic side. No-
body wanted him to.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I of course
did not speak to him of the personnel of the com-
mittee—a subject on which 1 would not approach
even a Speakei elect. I further wish to say that
I understand that gentleman to be in favor of in-
cidental protection; but, at the timc'I addressed
him, he did not answer in the positive and satisfac-
tory manner that 1 desired, as a Representative of
Pennsylvania
The tellers then reported the result of the bal-
-lot; whereupon the Cleik announced that Wil-
liam Pennington, a Representative from the State
of New Jersey, having received a majority of all the
votes cast, was duly elected Speaker of the House
of Representatives for the Thirty-Sixth Congress.
The announcement was received with the wav-
ing of handkerchiefs and prolonged and enthu-
siastic, cheering in the galleries and on the floor,
accompanied by slight hisses.
Air. HINDMAN. I nse to call the attention
of the House and the country to the fact that a
Black Republican Speaker  [Cms of " Oh !"
"Oh!" and deafening shouts of " Order!" from
the Republican side.]
Air. ADRAIN. 1 call the gentleman to order.
The CLERK. The Clerk will state to the gen-
tleman from Arkansas, that in pursuance of the
vote of the IIousu 
Air. HINDMAN. I am in order. But if a
point of order is made, I will speak to thai point.
[Cries of "Order!" and great confusion.] i have
the light to be heard upon the point of order.
Now, what point of order have you raised '
Air. ADRAIN. That debate is out of order.
Mr. GROW. AJy point of order is, that a
Speaker has just been elected by the House, and
that until he has been conducted to the chair,
nothing is m order; nothing can be in order.
The CLERK. The Clerk begs leave respect-
