1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
655
fully to suggest to the gentleman from Arkansas
that this House has just declared a Speaker elect,
and that the first thing in order is to conduct that
Speaker to the chair. The Clerk has 110 power
further to preserve order. Until the Speaker has
been conducted to the chair, the House is without
an organ or any person having authority to en-
tertain motions or questions of order.
Mr. HINDMAN. All I proposed to say was,
that a Black Republican Speaker [shouts of
" Order!"] has been elected by the votes of two
members of the Know Nothing party. [Vehe-
ment shouts of " Order!"]
The Clerk appointed Messrs. Bocock and
Sherman a committee to conduct the Speaker
elect to the chair; which duty was immediately
performed by those gentlemen.
The SPEAKER elect, 011 taking the chair, ad-
dressed the House as follows:
Gentlemen of the House of Representa-
tives : I return you my grateful acknowledg-
ments for the distinguished honor you have been
pleased to confer upon me, in electing me Speaker
of this House. Coming here for the first time at
the present session, to bo associated with you as
a member, no event could hare been more un-
looked for than that I should be called upon to
preside over your deliberations. And my filends
will do me the justice to say that I have not sought
the position, as I certainly never desired it. I am,
nevertheless, as conscious of the dignity and im-
portance of this high office as any gentleman can
be; but I should have been far better pleased had
its duties been intrusted to abler and more ex-
perienced hands. After witnessing the almost in-
surmountable obstacles in the way of the organi-
zation of this House, I came to the conclusion
that any gentleman, of any party, who could
command a majority of the votes fur Speaker,
was bound, in defeience to the public exigencies,
to accept the responsibility as an act of patriotic
duty, whether agreeable to his personal feelings
or not. As that choice has unexpectedly fallen
upon me, 1 have not hesitated to accept it. I11
the execution of this high trust, my object will be
to do my duty with impartiality and justice to all.
I shall have great necessity, gentlemen, for your
indulgence in the new position in which I am
placed, and I feel entire confidence I shall re-
ceive it at your hands.
A Representative from the State of New Jersey,
upon whose soil so many brilliant achievements
were accomplished 111 the revolutionary war, and
whose people have ever been distinguished lor
their devotion to the Constitution and the Union,
I pray the great Arbiter of our destinies,-that I
may do no act to impair the integrity of either;
that by wise and prudent counsels peace and order
may yet reign in our midst, and our free institu-
tions be perpetuated to our descendants. I feel I
have a national licai t, embracing ail parts of our
blessed Union.
Again thanking you for your kindness, I now
enter upon the discharge of the arduous and com-
plicated duties of my station.
Mr. PHELPS, being the oldest consecutive
member of the House, then administered the usual
oath to support the Constitution of the United
States to the Speaker elect; after which, the oath
was administered by the Speaker to the members
and delegates present.
ADOPTION OF EULES.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Mr. Speaker, !
I offer the resolutions which I send to the desk,
and on those resolutions I call for the previous
question.
The Clerk read the resolutions, as follows:
Rccolced, That the rules of tiie House of Representatives
of the Thirty-Fnth L'on?te^ -:ball l^e the rule* of the House
of Kcpie-entatives, until otheivvise ouleied.
Resolved Jurther. That a committee oi five, consisting of
the t$[K\ikei and four member, to he namr-d bv h'm, be ap-
pointed, to whom shall be refeired the rul s of the House,
and who shall have leave to repoi t, at any time, such amend-
ment and icvision of the same as tb \\ shall ihmk piopei ;
and hucli leport, when mado, shall be consider! by the
House as a special order.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Will the gentle- 1
man from Maine accept a modification excepting i
the hour rule3 I
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I withdraw the |
call for the previous question for a moment. The
first resolution is the usual resolution adopting |
the rules, and the second a similar resolution to i
the one passed unanimously by the House at the I
last session of Congress, during which the report
of the committee was not acted upon. I renew
the call fur the previous question.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Will the gentle-
man from Maine accept my modification?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I cannot accept
any modification. The subject will come before
the House when the committee make their report,
and then the gentleman from Ohio can offer his
amendment.
Mr. NIBLACK. I wish to offer a substitute.
Mr. HOUSTON. The resolutions propose to
make a special order,and I ask the Chair whether
it will not require a two-thirds vote for that pur-
pose ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that it will not.
Mr. NIBLACK. Will the gentleman from
Maine allow me to have my proposition read? If
there be objection it will be excluded.
Mr. BRANCH. Mr. Speaker, the rules of the
House of Representatives contain one that pro-
vides that no rule shall be changed except upon
one day's notice; and another that 110 motion to
suspend the rules shall be in order except upon
Monday, and then only by a two-thirds vote. I
understand the resolution of the gentleman from
Maine to have this effect, and no other effect, to
provide that, during the session of Congress, this
committee proposed to be appointed shall have it
in its power, 011 any day and to suit any occasion,
as it may arise, to move to alter the rules of the
House or to suspend one, when no member out-
side of that committee has such power. One of
these same rules would be violated by allowing
this committee to leport at any time. I object to
putting it within the power of any committee of
this House to move, at any time they may think
fit during the session, to suspend a rule that may
stand in the way of accomplishing some purpose
that the majority of the House may have ill view.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. The question
is not debatable, the previous question having been
called.
Mr. BOCOCK. I ask the gentleman from Maine
to yield to me for a moment.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I withdraw the
call for the previous question to hear what the
gentleman from Viiginia has to say.
Mr. BRANCH. I have only one remark fur-
ther. This resolution, if adopted by the House,
will appoint a commission, so to speak; a com-
mittee which will stand here over the House dur-
ing this entire session.
Mr. WINSLOW. Whenever they report, their
functions will cease.
Mr. BRANCH. Such are not the terms of the
resolution.
Mr. WINSLOW. That is the parliamentary
law.
Mr. BRANCH. Under the resolution, the com-
mittee will have a right to report during the ses-
sion, at any moment, whatever change of our
rules they may deem fit. I object to putting it 111
the power of any committee to rise, whenever
they may find that a rule of the House stands
in the way of the accomplishment of an object the
majority have in view, and suspend or alter it
when 110 other member or members of the House
have the same power. I object to the resolution,
and hope it will be resisted.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I withdraw the
previous question, for amoment, to hear the gen-
tleman from Virginm.
Mr. WH1TELEY. I rise to a question of
order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia is entitled to the flooi, by consent of the
gentleman from Maine.
Mr. BOCOCK. I understand that the gentle-
man fiom Maine has withdrawn the call for the
previous question, and that I am legitimately en-
titled to the iloor. *
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I withdrew the
previous question, and yielded to the gentleman
to hear what he has got to say.
Mr. FLORENCE. I make the point of order
that the gentleman from Mame had not the lloor
to yield it. The gentleman fiom North Carolina
had the floor; it was yielded to him uncondition-
ally, and now the gentleman from Virginia has it
unconditionally.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Maine
yielded the floor to the gentleman from North Car-
olina for an explanation, and for the same purpose
he now yields it to the gentleman from Virginia.
The lloorreverts,afterthe explanation, to the gen-
tleman from Maine.
Mr. BOCOCK. I wish to say, Mr. Speaker,
that, in my opinion, the resolution is a very proper
one in the intent and purpose for which it was
offered. We 011 this side of the House know that
the rules of the House, as they have been for a
number of years, ought to be amended. That con-
viction was so strong upon the members of this
House, during the last session of Congress, that
a proposition, submitted by my honorable friend
from North Carolina, [Mr. Winslow,] exactly
similar in purport, and, perhaps, in language, to
the one now offered by thegentlcmanfromMaine,
was almost unanimously adopted. Now, sir, if
the resolutions are not adopted, the explanation
made by the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
Branch] wiil show the extreme difficulty of ever
effecting an amendment of the rules. If we are to
have these rules amended, then it is absolutely
essential to incorporate in the resolutions adopting
these rules, a clause which will enable the com-
mittee upon rules to report at any time.
Now, in relation to the objection urged by the
gentleman from North Carolina, I do not think
it would exist under the general parliamentary
law. I think the explanation made by my friend
from North Carolina, upon my right, [Mr. Wins-
low,] is strictly applicable; but I would suggest
to the gentleman from Maine that, in order to re-
move all difficulties in relation to this subject, he
shouldadd to his resolution the words "provided, *
that when the committee reports, its functions
shall cease."
Mr. BRANCH. If he will do that, I will with-
diaw my objection.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I accept the
modification suggested by the gentleman from
Virginia , ami I renew the demand for the previous
question.
Mr. BRANCH. I withdraw my objection.
Mr. WIIITELEY. I rise to a point of order.
The question of order which I raise upon the res-
olution of the gentleman from Maine is, thatafter
the election of a Speaker nothing is in older but
the election of a Clerk, and that you must have a
Clerk before any resolution can be submitted to
the House.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Let me say to
the gentleman from Delaware 
Mr. WIIITELEY No, sir. Have I not the
lloor ? This view ought to commend itself to the
common sense of the gentleman from Maine; but
beyond that I have in my hand a law passed by
the First Congress under the Constitution, 011 the
1st day of June, 1789, which is in these words:
"That at the Ii t -t ^e-MOn of Congress, after every general
election of representatives, the oath or affirmation aforesaid
shall lie admimstoied by any one member of tlie House of
Representatives to the Speaker; and byllim to all membois
present, and to the Clerk, previous to entering on any other
business ; and to the members whoshall afterwards appear,
piovioub to talons their seats."
Mr. WASHBURN, ofMaine. In reply to the
gentleman from Delaware, I say first, that the
practice of the House generally has been to adopt
its rules before proceeding to the election of a
Cleik;and I have further to say , that not only has
that been the custom and practice of the House,
but that the rules themselves provide for the elec-
tion of a Clerk, and we are to elect a Clerk un-
der the nomination jirovided for expressly by the
rules. That is ail I have to say 111 regard to the
question of order. The previous question has
been called upon my resolution and seconded.
The SPEAKER. Except by unanimous con;
sent the Chair cannot hear discussion. ^ In refer-
ence to the pending question, the Chair is of opin-
ion, so far as relates to the motion of the gentleman
from Maine, that it is not within a fair construc-
tion of the point of order raised by the gentleman
from Delaware. The Chair understands that the
practice of the House has been to adopt its rules
previous to the election of a Clerk.
Mr. WITITELEY. Do 1 understand the Chair
to decide against me ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does so decide.
Mr. WIIITELEY. I take an appeal from the
decision of the Clnur, [Ciies of£C No !" £< No 1"
.upon the Democratic side.] .
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I ask the gentle-
man from Delaware to withdraw that appeal. I
think the decision of the Chair is correct. The
