1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1675
homestead bill; but on Thursday next, at the fur-
thest, I shall insist on the Senate acting upon a
question so vital to me and to the country I comc
from as the overland mail service. Immediately
following that is the question of the Pacific rail-
road . It cannot be put by. It must be acted upon.
I have been waiting here for a long time, hoping
that the House of Representatives would agree
upon a Pacific railroad bill, and send it to us*, but
I cannot, in justice to my constituents, vote for any
recess, norto postpone bringingthe subject before
the Senate any longer. I hope we shall not only
vote down this resolution, but do it with the un-
derstandingthat we are to proceed with legislation
on these important questions; and the courtesy
that the other side is disposed to extend to us can
be observed by pairing off on important national
questions, so that we can proceed with the legis-
lation of the country.
Mr. GREEN. I had intended to move the same
amendment which has been proposed by the Sen-
ator from Michigan. I think it nothing but fair.
It does not cost the Government a single dollar to
adjourn for one month, and it gives equal oppor-
tunities to the Senators on both sides. When you
talk about walling the District and hemming in
politicians, it is all in my eye; it cannot be done.
Wc must look at subjects in their practical light,
not in an abstract, theoretical light. "Wc know
what has been done, and what will be done; and
it is of no use for us to talk, to have an influence
011 the country, when that talk is contrary to act-
ual experience. Wc need not undertake to dc-
ce^-c ourselves. A large number will be certain
to leave the Senate. Whether I shall go or not,
I do not know; but if the idea strikes me, and I
think I can serve my country^ by going, I intend
to go. This Government exists not only in the
Constitution, but in the common institutions out-
side of the Constitution; and some of the strongest
of those institutions arc party organizations.
They must be sustained, and will be sustained
from necessity, from public policy, and from pub-
lic duty. Now, as it docs not cost the Govern-
ment anything, as it is an important matter of
personal convenience to Senators, I do not see
why we should object to it. I would not ask the
other side of the House to agree to an adjourn-
ment to accommodate this, unless I would extend
the same courtesy to them; and for that reason I
intended to propose the same amendment that has
been proposed by the Senator from Michigan. It
being proposed, I shall vote for it. Why talk
about pairing- off, and talk about dispatching pub-
lic business, when everybody knows public busi-
ness will not be dispatched; when there will be no
public interest subserved; when there will be no
public good accomplished ? I think it is best to
meet the subject plainly, flatly, bluntly, publicly,
and say we will take a recess for one month; and
for that reason I shall support the amendment of
the Senator from Michigan, and also the resolu-
tion introduced by the Senator from Virginia.
Mr. RICE. Mr. President 
Mr. MASON. Allow me one moment. Iam
afraid the resolution in the form I have offered it
may be the subject of misconception. The sug-
gestion made by the Senator from Arkansas leads
me to suppose that ho thinks it may be advan-
tageous to one portion of the Senate and not
to'another, and I therefore withdraw the resolu-
tion, if I have the assent of the Senate to do it.
["Agreed."]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution and
amendments are withdrawn. The Senator from
Minnesota is entitled to the floor.
Mr. RICE. It appears to me, Mr. President,
that if the action of the Congress of the United
States, or its duties, are to be biased or controlled
by any political convention to be held, the rule
should apply to the President, to the members of
his Cabinet; and to the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States. It appears to mc that our duties are
far above the political tricks, or opinions, or ac-
tions of any convention,whetherit be at Charles-
ton, at Chicago, or at Baltimore. Talk about its
costing the Government nothing more for us to
adjourn for a month than to stop here during that
time ! f t is true so far as our pay is concerned; but
let me to call t'tc attention of the Senate to the great
interests of the cpuntry. They are not taken into
consideration 
Mr. COLLAMER. Will the Senator indulge
me one moment?
Mr. RICE. Certainly.
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 inquire of the Chair
what is the question before the Senate?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution and
amendments had been withdrawn. The Senator
from Minnesota probably did not hear that fact
state'd.
Mr. RICE. I understood the Senator from
Michigan did not withdraw his amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. He did.
Mr. RICE. I made a mistake, then. I stand
corrected.
CONTRACTS OF THE WAR DEPARTMENT.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up the resolu-
tion, which was laid over on the request of the
Senator fromVirginia, [Mr. Hunter,] in regard to
contracts made by the War Department.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the following resolu-
tion submitted by Mr. Wilson:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs and
Militia be instructed to inquhe what contracts,, ifany_,have
been entered into by the War Department, or by any officer
or agent thereof, in the last three years, for iron for the pub-
lie buildings; whether such conti acts were made alter pub-
lip ocKorti-emcnr, or otherwise ; the amount of iron con-
tracted for, and the amount iurnished; the prices paid, or
ordered to be paid; and whether the same were in accord-
ance with the contiacts, or otherwise 5 and if not, by what
authority they weie paid, or ordered to be paid; and under
what authority of law said contracts have been entered into,
either by the War Department or any officer or agent thereof.
Also, that said committee inquire what contracts have been
entered into by the War Department for shot or shells, and
iron gun-carnages; or what ordeis have been given by that
Dep<utment, 01 by any officer theicof, whether civil or mih-
taiy, foi shot or shells, and iron gun-carriages; how such
otders or contracts were obtained; under what authority
the oiders were issued or the contiacts made; whether by
public advertisement m open market, or by close purchase;
the reasons for issuing fruch orders or making such con-
tracts ; the necessity for making the expenditure; and if due
regard lias been had theiein to the public scrvice. And
that said committee have power to send for persons and
papers, with leave to repoit at any time.
Mr. YULEE. I can conceive no reason for call-
ing upon the Committee on Military Affairs to in-
quire into these particular matters more than into
any other transactions of the Government. If the.
Senator desires information in regard to the trans-
actions of the War Department in the purchase
of iron, a much more ready means to obtain that
information would be to call upon the Secretary
of War for intelligence of his transactions. If,
upon receiving from the Department the report
which they will make from their records of what
has been done, the Senator proposes to found
upon that any further action, then it may be proper
to consider whether a reference to a committee
may answer any public purpose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
ask the Senator from Florida to pause. It is his
duty to call up the special order at this hour.
Mr. WILSON. I move to suspend the special
order for the purpose of disposing of this matter.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The special order
at this hour is the business of the District of Co-
lumbia. The Senator from Massachusetts moves
to postpone the prior orders with a view to con-
tinue the discussion of this resolution.
Mr. BROWN. The Senate will adjourn at four
or half pastloui o'clock this evening, and wc shall
only have about three hours for District business.
I see three or four Senators trying to get the floor
on this question. It will consume the whole day.
I insist on the^special order, and hope the propo-
sition to postpone will be voted down. I know
this debate will go on.
Mr. WILSON. I cannot resist the chairman
of the Committee on the District of Columbia. I
withdraw the motion.
Mr. BROWN. Now, the District business
being before the Senate, 1 think it proper to ask
the Senate, before proceeding to what will unques-
tionably be disputed propositions, to take up three
or four bills which, f think, can by 110 possibility
give rise to any debate, and consider them first.
Mr. YULEE, Will the Senator allow me a
moment, in order that I may lay upon the table
the amendment which I designed to offer to the
resolution of the Senator from Massachusetts, or
rather a substitute for it. ["Print it."] It is sug-
gested to me that it be printed. The original res-
olution is not printed.
UNITED STATKS AGRICULTURAL SOCIETY.
Mr. BROWN. I move to take up the bill (H.
R. No. 213) to incorporate the United States Ag-
ricultural Society.
The motion was agreed to; an d th e Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. DAVIS. I did not understand the question
to be put. We were talking here at the time it
was announced as decided. I have objection to
the passage of the bill", and intend to state it, if no-
body else does.
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) If a division be called for, the Chair
will feel bound to put the question. The question
is on the passage of the bill, and on this a division
is asked.
Mr. DAVIS. Before the question is put, I merely
wish to state, that I do not see whence this Gov-
ernment derives a general power to create corpo-
rations. The Federal Government has no power to
create artificial individuals. It is limited to the natu-
ralization of persons. It had power to establish a
seat of Government, and in the train ofthat power to
establish a scat of Government might follow such
a corporation as was necessary tothc maintenance
sof a seat ofGovernment. Beyond that, clearly 1
know of no grant from which the power to charter
a corporation can be derived. It was a power
generally asked, and refused in the convention
which formed the Constitution. To create a cor-
poration for the purpose of instruction in agricul-
ture and chcmistry cannot be nccessary to the
maintenance of a seat of Government. For that
reason I intended to object to the passage of this
bill; believing, if it is neccssary for the purpose
indicated, it is not within the constitutional power
of the Government, and I ask that the question
be taken by yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BROWN. 1 only desire to say, in refer-
ence to this matter, that it is of no consequence
to me how the Senate settles the question. I
would as soon the Senate would settle it that the
Government had not the power to establish cor-
porations here as otherwise; but since I have been
connected with the Committee on the District of
Columbia, I think we have reported some twenty-
five or thirty charters for various objects; and
they have generally passed without objection.
This one is in the usual form. I had supposed
that this was a question concluded long since by
the action of Congress. If it is to be reopened
on the suggestion of my colleague, and wc are to
go into a general debate on the subject, I must
ask that this bill be postponed. If we can take a
vote at once upon the question, and be done with
it, I am willing to have the vote; but this is not a
bill of any great importance to any one, I sup-
pose. I only brought it up now because I sup-
posed it would pass without debate, and w<? could
get it out of the way. If it is going to give rise
to debate, however, I want to get clear of it for
the present by a postponement.
Mr. DAVIS. The principles of government
arc alvfays important; and the theory on which
our Government rests can never be neglected with-
out bringing in its train injuries that we cannot,
at this time, perhaps, anticipate. It is because
I believe it to be a violation of the fundamental
principles on which, I think, the Government lies,
that I make the objection to the bill. It is from
no opposition to an agricultural college. I should
be very glad for an agricultural college to flour-
ish; but it will flourish without a corporation.
Mr. KING. 1 voied against this bill when it
passed, because I did not know precisely what
the character of the corporation was. I think that
Congress has the power to pass such laws for this
District, because it has the exclusive legislative
power for this District; but I should be unwilling
to vote for a corporation for the United States, to
be made by an act of Congress. On that ground,
and without knowledge of the particular details
of the bill, I voted against it. I shall vote against
it for that reason, though, of course, I have 110
objection to the promotion of the object of this
bill.
Mr. BROWN. I will make a motion to post-
pone the further consideration of the subject, if it
is to lead to debate.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I certainly do not in-
tend to trespass on the Senate with any argument
on the subject. The question is a very important
one—one which has often been considered and
debated. Following the example of the honorable
