2620
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 5,
formity with the Constitution, but by an arbitrary
act-of Congress.
Now,Mr. President, my object has been not to
make a speech, but to explain the nature of the
questions involved in this application. I think
ihey are plain, sensible, and consistent; and I
think that, if we discharge our duty to the peo-
ple, to Kansas, and to the Federal Government,
we shall resist the passage of this bill in its pres-
ent form, and amend it. I am in favor of admit-
ting Kansas; and I intend to supportit consistently
ana determinately; but I must do it on principles
which I believe to be just to Kansas and safe to
the Republic. If the "boundaries are changed as
I indicate, Kansas can in a short time be in the
"Union. If the boundaries be not changed, Kan-
sas ought not to be in the Union; and we cannot
admit her without a violation of treaty. If you
pass the House bill, you violate every principle
of self-government. You must, therefore, change
the House bill; the matter must go back, and be
resubmitted to the people, or you must strikeout
that provision of the bill.
Having said this, I leave the question, reserv-
ing my right to explain briefly each of my amend-
ments as they come up in their regular order.
# The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) The question is on the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Missouri.
Mr, GREEN. The first one is to the preamble.
Mr. COLLAMER. They are all connected.
Mr. GREEN. The first two amendments are
to the preamble.
Mr. COLLAMER. No matter about that now;
you have explained that.
Mr. GREEN. But I will. I propose an amend-
ment to the preamble of the House bill.
The PRESIDING*OFFICER. The Chair is
advised that the Senator has previously submit-
ted an amendment in regard to the boundary.
Does he withdraw that, and propose the one he
now sends up ?
Mr. GREEN. I have no choice either way;
it does not make any difference. Perhaps it would
be better to have the question first on the ques-
tion of boundary.  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will read the amendment.
The Secretary read the amendment, which is
to strike out the boundary named in the bill, and
in lieu of it insert:
Beginning in the main channel of the north fork of the
Platte river, at a point where the twenty-fifth meiidian of
longitude west from Washington crones the same ; thence
down awLalong said channel to its junction with the mam
stream of the Platte; thence down and along the main
channel of the Platte to the Mivsouit mvci ; thonee south
along said river and the western boundary of the State of
Missouri to the northern boundary of the Cherokee neutral
land} thence west along said northern boundary, the north-
era boundary of the Osage lands, and the prolongation of
the same, to the twenty-fifth meridian of longitude we&t
from Washington; thence noith on said meiidian to the
place of beginning.
Mr. COLLAMER. I very much regret that
I find it to be my duty to make some few remarks,
in answer to the Senator from Missouri; but feel-
ing that to be my duty, I shall endeavor to per-
form it as briefly as I can.
In relation to the power of Congress, or the
propriety of the cxercise of that power when an
application is made for the admission of a State,
to inquire into the moral character of the people
who inhabit it, in order to secure to ourselves
some assurance of their being a peaccable and
quiet people, it is a new claim of power; and I
must say that I am unprepared to say what sort
of character would commend them to a majority
of this House. I do not know. In honesty and
fairness, I suppose it would be acknowledged that
if they were very Democratic they would be very
satisfactory, i cannot prove that, and therefore
I shall not enter into circumstances; but I will
say that, in my opinion, there is no foundation
for the broad and sweeping remarks—I will not
say of abuse, but of very great severity—in which
the gentleman has indulged in relation to the
people of Kansas. They come here, sir, merely
claiming the rights of citizensnf the United States,
asking no more than has been granted to others,
and claiming that these are rights common to
them.
I shall not go into the history of this transac-
tion, The gentleman has undertaken to state one
which, to my mind, is so utterly gross in its de-
parture from truth, as I undeistand the tiuth, that
if I were to go over it again, it would merely
amount to making issues with him, and would
settle nothing.
We come, then,'to what I regard, what the gen-
tleman regards, as the true merits of the case,
and to these I shall confine myself. First, in re-
lation to the number of people. The gentleman
says the only good evidence on this subject is
the report which I presented in my former re-
marks, showing the population to amount to six-
ty-nine thousand and some hundreds, when six
countieswere not included at all. Thegentleman
seems to think that that is the only legal evidence
we have, and therefore the only thing we can look
to; and yet when he turns around,and talksabout
the nature and character of the soil, the extent of
the inhabitable, cultivable land within the limits
of Kansas, he brings no authority whatever; but
he tells us what some man, ho says the surveyor
general, told him. Sir, I take it we should guide
ourselves by such means of information ns we
possess; and in relation to this question of popu-
lation, I have stated what those means arc. I
presented a report of a committee of the Territo-
rial Legislature who examined it, who state the
information which they obtained, and how they
obtained it, showing that the population within
the limits of Kansas, proposed now by this con-
stitution to be included m the State, amount to
about ninety-seven thousand people. The other
two elements and materials which I have fur-
nished are the voteswhich were actually returned,
with a probable calculation of the populationfrom
the number of those votes, corresponding sub-
stantially; and I say these- furnish all that evi-
dence of moral certaint y which can reasonably be
required where you have not the means of an act-
ual enumeration made according to law; and I
think, therefore, that the population, as I stated
before, amounts in truth to about one hundred
thousand people.
But the main portion of thegentleman's remarks
relates to the boundaries of this State. On this
point he agrees with me that the Pike's Peak re-
gion ought not to be included in this State. He
agrees with me that the three or four hundred
miles of desert which separate these sections of
inhabitable country should not be attempted to be
forced together into a State, when there is hut a
small portion of that part of the Territory lying
on the base of the mountain inhabitable. He does
not propose to connect that with Kansas; but
what is the difficulty with the rest of it? He says
there is not as much good land in the mam, best
part of the Territory now proposed to be made
into a State, as I supposed. He agrees that there
are between eighty and eighty-one thousand
square miles of territory—larger than any State
we have, unless it may be California or Texas,
which has a provision for its own division. Cer-
tainly it is large enough. But he says, by a loose
statement of his, it appears there is not so much
good land in it as is supposed. I know that at
one time it was supposed that there was not so
much of that desert to which I have alluded, but
only asmall part; a third of that desert is included
within the limits of the State. The fertile part of
the Territory of Kansas is all within the State
limits. There is some desert between the rivers
m the western part of it, which will probably not
be inhabited; but the State is capable of sustain-
ing a population of millions.
Now, the gentleman proposes to enlarge it by
running it up to the Platte river, and taking in the
most populous part of the Territory of Nebraska
without consulting that people at all, when they
are known to be entirely opposed to it; to shape
out anew their ultimate destinies; to make a new
partition, at his suggestion, of all the country be-
yond the Mississippi, and, if you please, to dis-
member and annihilate the Territory of Nebraska,
which, equally with Kansas, was promised ulti-
mately admission into the Union as a State.
Mr. Ptesidcnt, I hardly know how to treat a
proposition that seems tome so extravagant as
this. The gentleman complains of the size of
! Kansas now, with between eighty and eighty-one
j thousand square miles; and yet he proposes to
| take off the southern counties from it,by running
! the line on the north side of the Indian lands,
and protracting that line straight out to the western
boundary, taking off the southern counties now
inhabited and bclongingto Kansas. I do notknow
why; he has not stated why that is to be done;
but that is proposed in his amendment as to bound-
ary.
Certain it is, that this is to start upon the people
of Kansas and upon the people of Nebraska now,
after all that has been said; after the progress of
the various attempts and various applications and
various trials ana various decisions which have
been had, to start upon them an entirely new prop-
osition. It is not that which was ever entertained
when, heretofore, acts were passed in relation to
the, admission of Kansas. None of them contained
anything of that kind. No suggestion of that kind
was ever made before. It is saved and reserved
for this occasion; and gentlemen will judge of the
purposes for which it is now presented. It seems
to me it can be but for the purpose of defeating
this application.
The gentleman referred to another matter—
the Indian land which belongs to the Cherokees.
I have heretofore presented my view of that
matter, and it is not at all altered; nordo I think
either thegentleman or myself with others, as he
seems to intimate, have really been involved in
the apparent inconsistencies which he now at-
tempts to explain by saying that our attention
was diverted from this to more important points.
I do not think so. I am sensible that when the
Topeka constitution was presented and was re-
jected here this point was not made; and I am
sensible, too, that when the Lecompton constitu-
tion was presented, and was ultimately agreed to
be admitted under the English bill, nothing was
said about this Indian land. But it is not, there-
fore, true, that he or I, that those who were for or
against those bills, involved themselves in any in-
consistency about that, or any breach of faith;
and if the gentleman had listened to my former
remarks on this subject, he would have under-
stood me ou the point as 1 now state it. When
we made a treaty with those Indians by which it
was provided that thatland should not be included
within the jurisdiction of any State or Territory,
we made a treaty binding on us, binding on the
nation; apart of the supreme law of the land
under the Constitution—inviolate,inviolable. No
constitutions that the people may make in these
Territories can be made otherwise than subject
to that. They do not supersede it at all. I stated
before, and I say now, that the decision of the
case of Worcester vs. the State of Georgia fully
settled that matter. On that occasion the Supieme
Court decided that where a treaty existed between
thcUnitcd States Governmentandan Indian tribe,
by which the jurisdiction was granted to the In-
dians exclusively, the State of Georgia, and no
other State, by their constitutions and laws of any
kind, could possibly take that within their juris-
diction ; that all attempts of that kind were simply
and utterly void. Therefore, if you were to pass
an act admitting Kansas under the Lecompton
constitution, or under the Topeka constitution,
which did not mention any tiling about tins matter,
did not say a word about the existence of the
treaty, of course that treaty reserved, sacred to
the Indians, exclusive jurisdiction there until they
chose to give it up, notwithstanding any consti-
tutional provisions or any statutes the people of
the State might pass. Itisfrom abundantcaution,
as it is said, merely ex abundante cautela, that the
House have put into this bill a provision that the
admission of Kansas as a State shall be taken
with this exception. It is to remove all doubt
about it. It is not to impose upon them new con-
ditions and new terms created by this bill. It is
simply to save and preserve the rights which we
have secured to the Indians by the treaty, so that
it may be distinctly understood. Hence it is no,
change of the boundaries requiring a resubmission
of the question to the people. This view of the
subject I presented before, and it is entirely con-
sistent with the action of the Senate, of Congress,
of the people of Kansas, in relation to all these
applications. It is only here from abundantcau-
tion; and it is for that very reason that we ought
to entertain it as it is here. Such are my views
in relation to it. It is not an alteration orchange
of boundaries in any way. I shall, therefore, take
no further time with that.
We have, then, nothing else except the general
plan of the gentleman, undertaking to change the
whole features of this subject, and to give to it
new aspects and new boundaries and new condi-
tions, to start these upon the people now, in rela-
tion to this transaction, after all that has taken
