1676
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Davis]—though
TdicI not hear him very distinctly—I shall merely
state my opinion as to the constitutional power
of Congress on the subject. I do not see why the
agency of a corporation may not be as well used
by this Government as any other means for car-
rying into effect any power with which it is in-
vested. It is a means. The Constitution does
not prescribe the means by which its powers are
to be carried into effect. It provides that Congress
may raise armies, may levy taxes, but it does
not describe the way in which this shall be done.
The means are left to the discretion of Congress.
The question here, then, would resolve itself into
this: whether Congress has any power to favor
by any means and promote the agriculture of the
country? It has been often considered whether
wc ought not to create, as a^part of this Govern-
ment, an agricultural bureau, as it has been called.
You have partially done the same thing by au-
thorizing the purchase of seeds of various sorts,
issuing the Patent Office reports, distributing these
seeds and these works, and thus communicating
information on the subject of agriculture. You
have already done all that. If you can employ
these means, why not as well use a corporation,
if that can be rendered auxiliary to' the same
legitimate and beneficent end? My opinion is
that you can. My opinion is, that wherever Con-
gress has the power of doing a thing, or of pro-
moting- it, the means are at its discretion; and the
means furnished by a corporation, where that is
supposed by Congress to be fit and suitable for
the purpose, is as much within their purpose as
any other means of executing any other enu-
merated and granted power.
This is my view of the subject. I shall have
no difficulty whatever, then, in voting for this bill,
which seems, in the most harmless possible way,
to exercise this power on the part of Congress.
I do not know how far this may bo auxiliary—it
is supposed to be so by those gentlemen who have
offered it for our consideration, and who have re-
quested it of us. I suppose, myself, from what I-
see in the country, in my own Stateand elsewhere,
that it may be made conducive to the advance and
progress of agriculture, an object that deserves
our favor as much as any other, as far as we have
any power to favor it. I think, therefore, this
harmless exercise ofpowcr, and for such an object,
is not the subject of any proper objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Mississippi moves to postpone the further
consideration of the bill.
Mr. BROWN. If we are to have no more
debate, I shall not insist on it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thca theques-
tion is on the passage of the bill.
Mr. GRIMES. I desire to say, in reply to a sug-
gestion made by the Senatorfrom New York, who
said that this was a corporation to extend all over
the United Slates, that there is nothing appealing
on the face of the bill to show that it is anything
more than a local incorporation for this Distinct; but
it bears the name of the United States Agricultural
Society. If we can create a local corporation, as
seems to be the opinion of the Senatorfrom New
York, I do not see what earthly objection there
can be to the passage of this bill. It is a mere
local corporation; so far as appears on the face of
tlie bill, it only relates to the District of Columbia,
although it bears the name of an incorporation for
the whole United States
Mr. KING. It was withouthaving examined
the bill that I stated that. I think Congress may
pass an act of incorporation for the District, but
I will not votn for a bill for an incorporation over
the Union. Certainly the object of this bill is one
we would all desire to promote in any legitimate
way.
The question being taken bp yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 23, nays II; as follows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Brown, Chandler, Clark, Collamer, Crit-
f>ndo«, Dixon, Durkee, Fcssenden, Foot, Foster, Grimes,
Hale, Hamlin, Harlan, Hemphill, Kennedy, Latham, Sim-
mon5*, Sumnei, Trumbull. Wade, Wijr«all,and Wihon—U3.
NAYS—Me?>r*. Bia-ju, Chesnut, Clay, Davis, Fitzpat-
riek, Hunter, King, Mason, NiclioUon, Polk, and Yuiee—
11.
So the bill was passed.
DISTRICT CRIMINAL COURT.
Mr. BROWN. I next move to take up the bill
(S. No. 344) to amend an act entitled "An act to
amend an act entitled 'An act to establish a crim-
inal court in the District of Columbia.' "
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. It proposes to repeal the first and sev-
enth sections of the act of February 20,1839, " to
amend an act entitled 'An act to establish a crim-
inal court in the District of Columbia.' " It pro-
vides further, that whenever the judge of the crim-
inal court, from sickness or any other legal cause,
shall be unable to hold the court, he shall give
notice to the judges of the circuit court of the Dis-
trict; or if he be unable, from any legal cause, to
give such notice, it shall be given by the marshal
of the District of Columbia; and thereupon one of
the judges of the circuit court shall, by arrange-
ment among themselves, hold the criminal court
during the temporary inability of the judge; but
no judge of the circuit court, after once thus hold-
ing the criminal court, is to be required, unless
with his own consent, on any subsequent like
occasion to hold the criminal court again until it
shall have been holden by each of the other two
judges of the circuit court.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to suggest to the
chairman of tho Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia one amendment. I desire an amendment
providing that no services rendered under this bill
shall furnish the ground for any additional pay.
Mr. BROWN. I have no objection to that.
There is no intention of that sort.
Mr. COLLAMER. Every time any additional
duty is required of a man in this District, wc have
a bill to give him extra pay.
Mr. BROWN. I have no objection to such an
amendment.
Mr. COLLAMER. Put it in this form:
Provided^ That no scrvicc rendered by either of the cir-
cuit judges tinder this act shall be a foundation for any
additional compensation therefor.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended;
and the amendment was concurrcd in.
Mr. HALE. I should like to propose an amend-
ment to the bill, if there is no objection on the
part of tho chairman of the District Committee—
substantially the same provision as I introduced
yesterday in a separate bill. It is an amendment
which I think is required for the protection of
witnesses in criminal cases.
Mr. BROWN. That has nothing to do with
: this bill. This bill only proposes that, when the
criminal judge is sick, the circuit judges shall al-
ternate in the holding of the criminal court. Here-
tofore the whole duty has devolved on the chief
justice of that court, which has required of him
an undue amount of labor. The proposition is,
that the associate judges shall alternate with him,
and divide tho labor among themselves. I hope
such a proposition will not be embarrassed by
anything else.
Mr. HALE. 1 will let it go now; but half an
hour ago I would not.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
POTOMAC FISHERIES.
Mr. BROWN. I move to take up the bill
(S. No. 369) for the protection of the fisheries
upon the Potomac river in the District of Colum-
bia.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. The bill, as introduced by Mr. Brown,
proposed to extend the laws recently cnacted by
the States of Virginia and Maryland in relation
to gill-nets upon the Potomac and other waters of
the ChoHapcakc, so as to include the waters of the
Potomac withia the District of Columbia; and
also to prohibit gas-tar and other refuse matter,
destructive to fish, from being emptied into the
Potomac river or its tributaries, within the Dis-
trict, under like penalties as are imposed m the
acts for the suppression of gill-nets.
The Committee on the District of Columbia
proposed an amendment, to strike out all aftor the
enacting clause of the bill, and insert:
That it shall not be lawful for any pei>on to lush with sill-
nets or isomer of any kind in the Potomac nver or its trib-
utaries within the District ot Columbia duiingthe months
of Maieh, Apnl, May, and June, other thnn such nets or
seine.-} as may bo laid out fioin and hauled to and landed
upon the shores ot said river oi its tnbutaiies; nor shall it
be lawful to discharge coal-tar, or other lefuse matter fiom
gas factories5, believed to be desiiuctive of fish, in the said
river or its tributaries, as aforesaid, during the afoiesaid
months. And all persons offending against any of the pro-
vision of tiiis act shall, on conuction thereof, pay a tine
of not less than ten nor more than fifty dollars for each and
every such offense, to be lecovcred in the name of the Uni-
ted States before any magistrate of the comity of Washing-
ton and District of Columbia, one half of which sum shall
go to the informer, and the other half to the levy court, to be
applied to the repairs and improvements of roads in said
county.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate, and the
amendment was concurred in, and the bill ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time. It was
read the third time, and passed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. BAYARD. I move that the Senate take
up the bill (S. No. 25) reported from the Commit-
too on the Judiciary, to which I hope there will
be no objection, supplyinga defect in the law rel-
ative to taking testimony by certain judicial offi-
cers.
Mr. BROWN. I hope the business pf the Dis-
trict of Columbia may first be disposed of, and
then any other business, coming from the other
committees, may be uken up afterwards. I hope
the Senator will not interfere until then, as this
day was assigned for District business.
Mr. BAYARD. Ibegpardon. Iwasnotaware
of that, or of course I should not have interposed.
PUBLIC SCHOOLS.
Mr. BROWN. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of the bill (S. No. 7G) for the
benefit of the public schools in the District of
Columbia.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill, the question
bein^ on its passage.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I wish to make a re-
quest of tho gentleman to call up his city railroad
bill, for the purpose of affording me an opportu-
nity to move a postponement.
Mr. BROWN. 1 cannot. Let us dispose of
this bill before the Senate, and the railroad bill
will come up next. I hope wc shall go on with
with this bill. I cannot consent to postpone the
railroad bill.
Mr. HALE. I should like to amend the bill in
one respect; let the city of Washington receive the
fines and forfeitures which are proposed to be ap-
propriated to school purposes, after paying the
criminal costs on prosecutions, which are now
paid out of the Treasury. I think the costs should
not all be paid by the Government, and the for-
feitures given to the public schools; but that the
forfeitures should be subjected to the payment of
the costs before they are handed over to any
other purpose.
Mr. BROWN. The committee, before they re-
ported this bill, looked at this whole matter of fines
and forfeitures, and tho result of their researches
was about this: that in two years the Govern-
ment had levied fines and forfeitures amounting
to some fifteen or twenty thousand dollars, and
less than fifteen hundred dollars had been col-
lected. They believed that if every citizen was
interested in the collection of these fines and for-
feitures, they would be collected; and thus, the
double object of punishing offenders and getting
money for a bcneficial object, would be accom-
plished; but if the money were to be appropri-
| ated to paying the expenses of criminal prosc-
! cutions, there would perhaps be less effort to
I collect than there is now. I hope the Senator, in
view of the object we have in contemplation, aid-
ing the cause of education here, will not embar-
rass tho bill by any such proposition.
Mr. HALE. I withdraw it.
Mr. WILSON. I offer the following amend-
ment, in the form of additional sections;
! .■Indbeit further enacted, That, to make provision for tho
suppoit of schools in the District of Coluinb'a, one million
! acie* of nny land of the United States, ml ject to private
j entiy, is lieieby given to the cities ot Washington and
! Georgetown, m the Distuetot Columbia, to be divided be-
! tweeu said cities according to the population theieof, asas-
j certamod by the ccns-us of 1850.
; Sec. —• Jind be it further cnacted, That the Secretary of
the Interior shall, immediately after the passage of thit act,
| cause to be ascci tamed the number of acres which each
of said cities is to receive under its provisions, and lie shall
then eauce the land to be selected, and patents to be issued
tbercforto each of said cities, in tlieireorpor.it© capacities,
for the quantity which may thus be ascertained to be due
to each.
I c. — .2nd be it further cnacted, That as ^oon as the
j titles to said lands shall b? vested inlaid cities, they shall
; thenceforth exerei&c all the control and owneislup of said
1 land, with full powci to sell and convcy the ^anic ; and all
1 money arising from such sales shall be held by said corpo-
latiens as a sacred trust fund, never to be reduccd, the m-
