656
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1.
adoption of the rules is not business within the
purview of the law which has been read.
Mr. HILL, I do not affect to be a parliament-
arian of any experience-, but it does occur to me
that we may fall into the wildest confusion even
while the election of a Clerk is progressing, if we
have no rules for our guidance. I am not unwill-
ing myself, since I think thatelection maybe pro-
tracted, to make a motion which might prevent
any likelihood of such a state of confusion. It
occurs to me that we should have some rules to
govern us before we proceed to the election of any
of our officers, or else what order shall we have ?
Mr. WHITELEY. I withdraw my appeal.
Mr. NIBLACK. I appeal to the gentleman
from Maine to allow my proposition, designed as
a substitute for his, to be read for information.
I propose to get at the same result by a shorter
way. 1 propose to adopt now the amendments
which were reported two years ago.
Mr. GROW. I rise to a point of order. I
hope we' shall begin by proceeding to our busi-
ness in order. After the previous question is
called, debate is not in order.
Mr. NIBLACK. i was appealing to the gen-
tleman from Maine.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I mustrespect-
fully decline to hear it. [Cries of " Question !"
Question!"]
Mr. McRAE. I call for the reading of the reso-
lutions.
The resolutions, as modified, were accordingly
read.
The main question was then ordered to be put;
and under the operation thereof, the resolutions
were agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I rise to a priv-
ileged question.
Mr. LEAKE. I call for a division of the ques-
tion, and ask a vote seriatim upon the two resolu-
tions. [Cries of 44 Too late I"]
Mr. BRANCH. A question cannot be divided
after the main question lias been ordered; and, be-
sides that, the resolutions have been adopted.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. That is true.
I move to reconsider die \ote by wlnrh the reso-
lutions were adopted; and also move to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the tabic.
The latter motion was agreed to.
POST OmCI5 DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. PHELPS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a bill of the following
title 
Mr. GROW. Let it be read for information.
The Clerk read the title, as follows:
A bill milking appropriation* to defray the deficiencies in
the appropriations tor the service of the Po«t Office Depart-
ment, for the lineal year ondii>2 30th June, 1850, and in pait
for the suppoit of the Post Olftco Department ior the fUcal
yeai < ndiug'iutli June, Ifc'GO.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I rise to a
point of older. I submit that no such bill can
now be introduced.
Mr. WHITELEY. I would inquire whether
such a bill can bo introduced and acted upon, with-
out a Clerk ?
The SPEAKER. The opinion of the Chair is
that such business cannot be transacted until after
the election of a Clerk.
So the bill was not received.
^ NOTICE OF ORGANIZATION.
Mr. FENTON. I offer the following resolu-
tion ; and upon it 1 demand the previous question:
Resolved, That a nic^apjo be sent to the Senates toinfoim
that bodv that a quorum ot the House of llepresentatives
has assembled, and that Wili.iam Pfwin'oton, one of the
Representatives from the .State of New Jei^ey, has been
chosen Speaker, and that the lIou«e iy now leady to pro-
ceed to business.
Mr. WINSLOW. Can such a resolution be
sent to the Senate without its bein? certified to bv
the Clerk? .
The SPEAKER. The Chair regards that as a
business which can be done by the present Clerk.
Mr W1NSLOW. I understand that there is
a law—I do not know the fact—which makes the
Clerk of a preceding Congress hold over till his
successor is appointed; and, therefore, a bill could
be certified just as a resolution of the House can
be certified. t
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to say that i
there is no person to keep a record of our pro-1
ceedings. 1 therefore move that the Clerk of the '<
late Iiouse be declared Clerk of the present House;
and on that 1 move the previous question.
Mr. FENTON. I moved the previous ques-
tion on the resolution which I offered.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I have submitted
a motion and have not yielded the door. I have
stated that we have no Clerk to record our pro-
ceedings; and, with a view to remedy that defi-
ciency, I have moved that Mr. Allen, the late
Clerk, be declared Clerk of this House; and on
that motion I have moved the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that,
there being a question pending—the resolution
offered by the gentleman from New York—-and
the previous question having been called on it, the
motion of the gentleman from Virginia is not now
in order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I suggest to the gentleman
from New York to modify his resolution by strik-
ing out the last line; for it is evident that we are
not ready for business. Everything that the gen-
tleman intends will be accomplished by informing
the Senate that we have elected a Speaker.
Mr. GROW. Mr. Speaker, we are ready for
business. Under the rules that we have just
adopted, the Clerk continues in his position, and
discharges his duties till his successor be elected.
We have got a Clerk now, as much as at any other
time.
Mr. HOUSTON. Our rules cannot alter the
law. That is absurd. The law says what we can
do; and the rules of the House cannot, certainly,
alter the law.
Mr. .SHERMAN. Allow me to say that the
resolution offered by the gentleman from New
York is precisely similar to that which has been
offered for many Congresses. It has been always
offered and adopted before the election of a Clerk.
I hold in my hand the similar resolution which
was offered at the last Congress.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is evident that the resolu-
tion reports to the Senate that which is not true.
If the gentleman were to strike out the last line,
his object would be accomplished.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I ask the gentleman from
Alabama whether the present Clerk is not Clerk
of this House until another is elected ?
Mr. HOUSTON. No, sir; the law says lie is
not.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let me say that there never
has been, m the history of the Government, op-
position made to this preliminary motion'.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Will the Speaker
be good enough to give me his attention a mo-
ment r
Mr. BARKSDALE. T desire to say that, un-
der the hiw, the present Clerk is Clerk of the
House until another be elected. Suppose we were
to have a protracted election forClerk,who would
record the proceedings of the House, unless the
present Clerk do it ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I believe I have the floor.
I call the gentleman to order.
Mr. BARKSDALE. All I desire to say is that
the resolution is clearly in order.
Mr. SHERMAN. There never has been, in
the history of the Government, the least opposi-
tion to such a proposition as this—never. At the
last Congress such a resolution was adopted by
common consent. I insist on the previous ques-
tion on the resolution.
Mr. BRANCH. 1 rise to a question of order.
I understood the Chair to rule the resolution out
of order, and therefore I hold that the gentleman
from Ohio is not in order, unless he appeals from
the decision of ihe Chair. I ask the gentleman
fiom Ohio whether he does so ? If not, lie not
in order.
Mr. FENTON. I would inform the gentleman
from North Carolina that the Chair ruled my
resolution to be in order; and I have moved the
previous question on it.
The SPEAKEit Take your seats, gentlemen,
or else the Chair can put no question. The res-
olution of the gentleman from New York was de-
clared to be in order. That makes the difference.
Mr. FENTON. And on it I call for the pre-
vious question.
Mr. PHELPS. I appeal from the decision of
the Chair. I do so in order that  
Mr. SHERMAN. I rise to a point of order.
The gentleman cannot debate his appeal.
Mr. HILL. I wish to suggest 
Mr. PHELPS. I wish to make a suggestion to
the Chair in regard to his ruling, and to do so in
a spirit of kindness. I desire to call his attention
first to the act of Congress which has been re-
ferred to. I think the Speaker premature in his
ruling that we cannot proceed to business, after
we have adopted the rules of the last House. The
Constitution secures to each House the right to
adopt rules for its own government. We have
them now, and among those rules is one which
continues the present Clerk as Clerk till another
be elected. I care not what the law may be. This
House may make rules that override the law.
You cannot make a law to override the House,
and to prevent it making rules for its procedure.
The only provision in the Constitution in regard
to the election of officers of the House is the fol-
lowing:
"The House ofRepresentatives shall choose their Speaker
and other officer."
We, under that rule, have elected a Speaker.
The law of Congress provides for the election of a
Clerk; and the rules which we have adopted for
our government provide that the present Clerk
shall hold office till his successor be elected:
"Each House may determine the rules of its proceed-
ings."
One of the rules of its proceedings is that the
former Clerk shall continue until another Clerk
is elected.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Read the rule—the
21st rule.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would like to ask the gen-
j tleman from Missouri one question. I want to
! see whether I understand him. Does he contend
! that tins House, under its power to make rules
! for its government, has a right to override a law
| passed by both Houses of Congress, and signed
| by the President ? I would like the gentleman to
answer that question; because if he advocates
that, I have no more to say.
Mr. SHERMAN. I rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri has a right to bo heard.
Mr. SHERMAN. I rise to a point of order,
and I wish to make it on my friend from Mis-
souri, because he is the gentleman whom I ought
to make it on.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to read this part of
the rule—that the Clerk shall continue in office
till another be elccted.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Another what?
Mr. PHELPS. Another Clerk.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. What Clerk shall
continue m office 3
Mr. PHELPS. The former Clerk.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Oh,no; thatmeans
the Clerk of the present House. We have no
Clerk of the present House. That rule refers to
a Clerk who shall be elected.
Mr. PHELPS. I remarked that I took an
appeal for the purpose of presenting a point of
order.
Mr. HOUSTON. The previous question has
been culled, and I object to any debate.
Mr. PHELPS. 1 do not intend to press the
appeal. But I desire to call attention to the fact
that, when I rose and asked unanimous consent
to introduce a bill, unanimous consent would have
been given, but that the Chair decided it was busi-
ness which could not be done until after the elec-
tion of a Clerk. I withdraw my appeal.
Mr. HOUSTON. I insist that the Chair shall
cnforcc the rules of the House.
Mr. GOOCH. I move that the House do now
adjourn. [Cues of "That is right!" "No!"]
i Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I hope my
j friend from Massachusetts will withdraw that
I motion until we have passed these two formal
! resolutions, that hayo been always passed the first
business after the election of a Speaker. It will
take but a moment. The one is to inform the
President, and the other to inform the Senate, that
the House is organized and ready to transact
business.
The SPEAKER. Docs the Chair understand
that the motion to adjourn is withdrawn?
Mr. GOOCH. I withdraw the motion to ad-
journ.
Mr. COX. I renew it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that when the
House adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Friday
next.
The SPEAKER. That is a motion in order.
Mr. BURNETT. I demand the yeas and nays
