THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHING-TON, D. C.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1860.
New Series.....No. 42.
On that motion. Let us pass the Post Office ap-
propriation bill before we adjourn over.
Mr. WINSLOW. Before the motion is put, I
ask leave to introduce aresolution that the Speaker
be directed to appoint the standing committees of
the House. [Great confusion in the Hall.]
Mr. STANTON. I ask that members may be
made to take their seats.
Mr. PHELPS. I ask the gentleman from Ohio
to withdraw his motion, and allow me again to
ask the unanimous consent to introduce the bill
which I sent to the Clerk's desk to have read.
Mr. COX. I understand the Speaker to have
reconsidered his decision in reference to the bill
proposed by the gentleman from Missouri. For
the purpose of facilitating that business, I with-
draw the motion to adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. FENTON. I rise to a point of order. My
point of order is, that nothing is in order until
my resolution, upon which the previous question
has been called, has been disposed of.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I move that
the House adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon the
resolution of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Fenton,] upon which the previous question has
been demanded.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I insist
upon my motion to adjourn.
[The House was now in the utmost confusion,
twenty members on the floor at the same time,
shouting "Mr. Speaker !" rising to questions of
order, and making various propositions.]
Mr. PHELPS. I ask the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania to withdraw the motion to adjourn.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I will not
1 withdraw it. To attempt to legislate with the
House in this condition is an absurdity.
ADJOURNMENT OVER. .
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that when the
House adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Friday
next.
Mr. BURNETT. I call for the yeas and nays
upon that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I hope gentlemen
will indulge me in a few remarks at this stage of
our proceedings. [Cries of " No remarks !"] It
is important that this House  [Loud cries of
11 Order'" and great confusion.]
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I shall ob-
ject to the gentleman proceeding, or to anything
being done, until order is restored.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I hope gentlemen on this
side of the House will with draw their opposition
to the resolution of the gentleman from New York,
{Mr. Fenton.] Similar resolutions have been
passed, I am satisfied, in the last three Congresses,
and it does strike me that such a resolution ought
to pass. I hope, therefore, that all objection from
this side of the House will be withdrawn. There
is no principle involved in it.
Several Democratic Members. There is no
objection.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
question will be put on the resolution offered by
the gentleman from New York.
Mr. WHITELEY. I shall object, and I will
object until you elect a Clerk. You have no per-
sons who are authorized to record our proceed-
ings. What right have those gentlemen [pointing
to the clerks] to stand there?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Farsswortii] has moved that When the
House adjourns, it adjourn until Friday; but if
there be no objection, the question will be put on
the resolution'of the gentleman from New York.
Mr. HILL. There is objection.
Mr. BARKSDALE. It strikes me that a sin-
gle objection cannot defeat the resolution, it being
m order.
Mr. GROW. There is a motion to adjourn
pending.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I was not aware of that.
Mr. BURNETT. I rise to a point of order, I
42
understand that there is a motion now pending to
adjourn, and also a motion that when the House
adjourns, it adjourn till Friday, upon which the
yeas and nays have been ordered. As long; as
these questions are pending, the resolution of the
gentleman from New York cannot be taken upat
all. The question must be first put on adjourn-
ing over until Friday, and it must be taken without
debate.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky is correct. The question is upon the motion
of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farns-
wouth,] upon which the yeas and nays have
been ordered. The Clerk will call the roll.
Mr. KEITT. Mr. Speaker 
The Clerk commenced to call the roll.
Mr. KEITT. Stop! Mr. Clerk. I have the
right to make an inquiry, and I will do it. I wish
to ask the gentleman who moved that when the
House adjourns it adjourn to meet on Friday next,
what reason he has for making the motion? If
there is any good reason for adjourning over, I
will vote for it.
Mr. FARNSWORTII. I have made the mo-
tion, and I do not think it necessary to give the
gentleman my reasons for it.
Mr. HILL. If the gentleman who called the
yeas and nays will withdraw the call for a mo-
ment, I propose to obviate this difficulty. [Cries
of " Order!" " Hear him !" " Call the roll!" and
the utmost confusion.]
Mr. SHERMAN. I do hope order will be pre-
served.
Mr. HILL I understand that the motion to
adjourn has been withdrawn. [Cries of" No !"
"No!"] I now move that the. Clerk of the last
Jlouse be declared Clerk until a succcssor be ap-
pointed. [Very decided manifestations of disap-
probation on the Republican side.] I do it as a
matter of convenience. A Clerk cannot be elected
to-day.
Mr. GROW. I rise to a point of order.
Mr. CLEMENS. I trust that gentlemen will
be directed to take their seats; and that, if they
do not do so, the Speaker will exercise the author-
ity vested in him by calling members by name.
The SPEAKER requested gentlemen to take
their scats, and present order.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I move that
the House do now adjourn. [Increased confusion
and tumult.]
Mr. CLEMENS. 1 insist that gentlemen shall
take then* seats and preserve order. I am willing
to give to the Chair ihe proper respect due to lus
position. [Cries of " Order !" " Order!"] Gen-
tlemen, 1 am the only one m order m this House
now. [Laughter.] 1 am endeavoring to call the
House back to a sense of its own dignity
Mr. GROW. That is not a question of order.
Mr. CLEMENS. It is a question of gentle-
manly courtesy.
Mr. BURNETT. I call the gentleman from
Virginia to order. I will state my point of order.
It is that there is a motion now pending to ad-
journ, and that debate is not in order, nor is call-
ing the House back to its dignity m order.
Mr. GROW, i call the gentleman from Ken-
tucky to order. [Laughter.]
Mr STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I ask that
the vote shall be taken on the motion to adjourn
over till Friday. [Shouts of " Order ! '* " Call the
roll!"]
The question was taken on Mr. Farxswortii's
motion; and it was decided in the affirmative—
yeas 120, nays 101; as follows:
YEAS-—Messrs. CharifiF. Adam-, Green Adam?. Ad-
rain, Aldrich, Alley, YViiluun C Anderson, A^hlej, Bab-
bitt, 13<ak\ Bingham, Man, Blako. 15oyo<\ I.iuyton, lines-,
Butfinton, Burlmgame, Burnham, J .inoufrhs Buttcrtield,
Campbell,Caiey. Carter, i'a-e, Clemen*, Colfax, Conkling,
Corwm, Covode, Curtis, II. Winter i>avi-« John Q. Davi->,
Dawes, Delano, Duel!, Dunn, EdtfPHon, '"Edward Eliot,
Ely, Farrmvorth, Fenton, Ferry, Foster, Frank, French,
Gilmer, Gooch, Graham. Gurley. Hale, Hall, IJ.a-.kin, Hcl-
mick, Hickman, lloaiil, Ilumphiev. Hutching, Irvine. Jun-
kin, Francis YV. Kellogjr, William ICellogg, Kenyon, Kil-
gore, Kilhnger, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, Loomis, Lovejoy,
Mar.ston, jMcKcan,McPhcrsoii,Moorhcad,Moirill>Edward
Joy Morris, Morse, Nelson. Olin, Palmer, Perry, Pettit, Por-
ter, Potter, Pottle. Reynold*. Rjcp. Christopher Robinson,
Roycc, Schwartz, Scranton; Sedgwick, Sherman, Somes,
Spaulding, Spinner, Stanton, Stevens, William Stewart,
Stokes, Stratton, Tappan, Thayer, Theaker, Tompkins,
Train, Trimble, Vandever, van Wvck, Verree, Wade, Wal-
dron, Walton, Cadwalader C.Washburn, EHihu B. Wash-
burne, Israel Washburn, Wells, Wilson, WitidOm, Wood,
and Woodruff—120.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Thomas L. Anderson, Ashmore,
Avery, Burksdale, Barr, Barrett, Bocock, Bonham, Boteler,
Bouligny, Brabson, Branch, Bristow, Burch, Burnett, John
B, Clark, Clopton, Cobb, John Cochrane, Cooper, Cox,
James Craig, Burton Craige, Cravvfoid, Curry, Davidson,
Reuben Davis, DeJarnette, Edmundson, English. Florence,
Fouke, Garnett, Cartrell, Hamilton, Hardeman, John T.
Harris, Hatton, Hawkins, Hill, Hindman, Ilolman, Hous-
ton, Howard, Hughes, Jackson, Jenkins. Jones, KeiU, Kun-
kel. Lamar, Landrum, James M. Leach, Leake, Logan,
Longnecker, Love, Maclay, Mallory, Charles D. Martin,
Elbert S. Mauin, Maynard, McClernand, McKnight, Mc-
Queen, McRae, Miles, Millson, Laban T. Moore, Sydenham
Moore, Isaac N. Morris, Niblack, Nooll, Pendleton, Peyton,
Phelps, Pugh, Quartos, Reagan, Riggs, James C. Robinson,
Rufiin, Scott, Sickles, Simms, Singleton, William Smith,
William N. H. Smith, Stevenson, James A. Stewart, Stout,
Taylor, Thomas, Underwood, Vallandigham, Vance, Web-
ster, Winslow, Woodson, and Wright—101.
So it was ordered that when theHouse adjourns,
it adjourn until Friday next.
During the above call,
Mr. PHELPS said: Mr. Speaker, deeming that
wc ought to be in session to-morrow for the pur-
pose of passing the deficiency appropriation bill
for the PostOfficc Department, I vote " no." tf that
bill had been passed to-day, I would, with pleas-
ure, have voted for the motion to adjourn over.
Mr. REAGAN said: Mr.Speaker, I understand
that in the bill proposed by the gentleman from
Missouri, there is not a provision except for de-
ficiencies m the Post Office service. Therefore,
while 1 am ready to give every facility for the
organization of the House 
Mr. GROW. I rise to a point of order. We
might as well begin to obey the rules of the House
at this time. I object to any remarks during the
call of the roll.
Mr. REAGAN, fn a few moments I would
have finished. I vote "no."
Mr. CASE stated that after this vote he had
paired off for the day with Mr. Davidson.
The result of the vote having been announced,
the question recurred on the motion to adjourn.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I desire to sug-
gest to the House that, in view of the necessities
of the public creditors of the country, we ought
to pass the Post Office deficiency bill before we
adjourn. 1 hope gentlemen will reconsider their
determination, and permit that bill to be intro-
duced. [Cries of " Order!" " Order!"]
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. As the House has
refused to take up that bill, I hope the question
will be taken on the motion to adjourn.
The motion was agreed to*, ana thereupon (at
a quarter to five o'clock, p. m.) the House ad-
journed to Friday next.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 2, 1860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
TERRITORIAL LEGISLATION".
The YICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate two copics of the laws, joint resolutions, and
memorials, passed at the fifth session of the Legis-
lative Assembly of the Territory of Nebraska;
and two copies of the Journals of the Council and
House of the said Legislative Assembly for the
same session; which were ordered to lie on the
table.
He also laid before the Senate two copies of
the acts of the Legislative Assembly of the Ter-
ritory of Washington, passed at the sixth regular
session, begun and held at Olympia, December 6,
1858; which wciv ordered to lie on the table.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of the
Secretary of the Territory of Kansas, communi-
cating two copies of the Journals of the House
and Council of said Territory, and two copies of
the laws passed by the Legislature thereof, dur-
ing the session of 1859; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
