1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2621
place of an entirely different character. I look
upon it, as I did before, as nothing more and noth-
ing else than an attempt obliquely to get rid of the
subject, without really passing on the true merits
of the case.
Mr. GREEN. A very few words. The Sen-
ator from Vermont says he does not understand
the propriety of inquiring into the moral charac-
ter of the people of a Territory when they are
applying for admission as a State. I am not sur-
prised at that. JNobody ever intimated, and he
Knows that nobody ever intimated, any such
thing; and if he wants to make a little capital at
my expense, he can do so. I never said it; and
he knows I never said it.
Mr. COLLAMER. I know it is quite com-
mon parlance in this House for gentlemen to say,
"I did not say any such thing, and the man
knows I did not say it." That is the manner,
but the object of it is to say, " you lie, and you
know you do."
Mr. GREEN. No.
Mr. COLLAMER. Well, sir; what is it?
Mr. GREEN. That you presented me in a
false light.
Mi. COLLAMER. Is not that lying?
Mr. GREEN. It looks like it.
Mr. COLLAMER. Then the gentleman, if I
understand him, undertakes to say, that I have
done that falsely and knowingly, and with a bad
design. Now,-Mr. President, is that parliament-
ary? Is that in order? I inquire seriously, be-
cause if such things are in order in this Senate
we must demean ourselves accordingly. It is the
first time, I think, in my life, that in any body I
have ever been charged with willful misrepresent-
ation. There may be a degree of sensibility pe-
culiar in me on this point. I am fully sensible to
it. It is the first instance in my life. What the
gentleman said I may have misunderstood.
Mr. GREEN. Very well, I will take it on a
misunderstanding, then; takeitin any shape, but
I know I never said it.
Mr. COLLAMER. That may be, but I un-
derstood the gentleman to say just now that he
did not say so, and that I represented him as
having said so when I knew he had not said it.
Mr. GREEN. I will make this remark, be-
cause the Senator knows that I want to be just to
him and to everybody else. When he said that, I
supposed he understood my language. If he did,
he knows I did not say any such tiling as he as-
cribed to me; but if he did not, of course, I will
take it with his own understanding, and will now
proceed to correct him.
Mr. COLLAMER. How ?
Mr. GREEiN. 1 say that lfyouunderstood my
language, and stated it as you did, intending it to
be misunderstood, then you knew it was not so;
but if you did not, then 1 take it bade, and say
that 1 will pioecid to correct you.
Mr. COLLAMER. But the manner of the
chargc 
Mr. GREEN. I take it for granted, from the
position we are m, that you misunderstood it.
Mr. COLLAMER. The manner of the^charge
was very extraordinary; and the manner of taking
it back now is rather qualified. I have no spirit
about it but that of mortification.
Mr. GREEN. I have not a single bit.
Mr. COLLAMER. The gentleman need not
laugh at it. With me it is not a laughing matter;
but I say the only thing about it is the mortifica-
tion, after having lived to this time of life, of being
charged deliberately with such a thing. It the
gentleman really desires to have it stand so, then
I suppose I must endure it.
Mr. GREEN. Mr. President, I have no more
to say on that point. 1 have said all 1 have to
say on that point.
Mr. COLLAMER. Very well, sir. I can
merely say that I understood the gentleman, in
the course of his remarks, to find fault with the
manner in which the people of Kansas had con-
ducted themselves; and he made some pretty free
remarks, the precise words of which 1 cannot re-
call, that their conduct had been of that kind that
he had no reason to expect that they would be
submissive and good citizens. I thought that was
a severe and uncalled-for remark. I understood
it so; but as the gentleman says 1 misunderstood
it, very well. If the Senator persists in saying
I intentionally misrepresented hmi,I must endure
it, I suppose.
Mr. GREEN. Mr. President, I said it was
proper, in considering the propriety of the admis-
sion of a State, to look at its fitness to be a mem-
ber of the Confederacy, whether it would be obe-
dient to law and conform to the obligations of the
Constitution, or not; but I never said, nor will
any Senator say so, unless he misunderstood my
words, that I wanted to inquire whether it was
Democratic or not.
Mr. COLLAMER. No, sir; I did not say that.
Mr. GREEN. Yes, sir.
Mr. COLLAMER. The gentleman will permit
me to correct him.
Mr. GREEN. Certainly.
"Mr. COLLAMER. I said that if we entered
upon the inquiry of what we would legard as
proper and suitable inhabitants, I did not know
what would make them suitable to a majority of
this House; but I believed if it was shown that
they would be Democratic, it probably would
commend itself to them; but that I could not avouch
on that point. I did not say that the gentleman
said so, or anything of that kind.
Mr. GREEN. I understand it all, Mr. Presi-
dent, well. I said this, that if they were pirates
and robbers, and the scum from Abdullah—that
is the very word I used, for that, was the refuge
of all the thieves and knaves and robbers of Pal-
estine'—and planted themselves upon territory, and
asked for admission, I would not vote for it, be-
cause 1 must have reference to the safety of the
Republic, their fitness to conform to the Constitu-
tion and the laws of the Republic; and then to
characterize that as an inquiry into their moral
character, or their Democracy or anti-Democracy,
I think was a very unfair attempt on the part of
the Senator. I know that he is generally very
fair. I give him credit for it; and I have picked
him out as the fairest one (without doing any in-
justice on the other side) of the whole Repub-
lican Senators. I have said it a thousand times;
hut I really thought he was unfair in that, for it
looked like an attempt to characterize me as say-
ing, " well, 1 will stop and inquire into your moral
character, and see whether you arc a Democrat
or a Republican, and all that sort of thing." I
never had any such thought. I did say we were
not bound to admit any people, whether they were
good 01- bad; but I did not pretend to erect any
standard,except the legal standard—notthemoral
standard. Whether they be Methodist, Episco-
palian, Catholic, makes no difference to me; ours
is a fiee Government. Whether they be obedient
to law, or whether they be pirates and robbers,
does make a difference, and I have a right to stop
and inquire, and I will do it; and if the Senator
will not, then we differ on that point; that is all.
Now, sir, on this other point, I thought I had
explained myself so as to be understood. The
Kansas-Nebraska bill excepted these Indian lands
out of the jurisdiction. Congress had the right
to do it.
Mr. COLLAMER. Excepted it, just as it is
here.
Mr. GR.EEN. It is in the same language; but
how is it here? Now, 1 want Senators to under-
stand me. How is it here ? It is herein the
House bill. Is it m the constitution of Kansas,
the Wyandotte constitution, which you propose
to admit? Is it? I say it is not, and no man
will rise here and contradict me. If the House
bill proposes to change the constitution of Kan-
sas, on principles which have been promulgated
heie so often, must it not go back to them for
their ratification ? isnotthatso^ Suppose you
do not accept my amendment; suppose you do
not change the boundaries as I propose, even with
the qualification that you put in: must it not go
back for the assent of the people of the Territory,
or State of Kansas, if you choose to call it so?
You propose to put in a qualification that they
did not put m; their constitution has no such ex-
ception 111 it; and yet Congress say, we do except
this thing. If you except it and take it out, and
they did not cxcept it and take it out, they ought
to assent to your action, in some shape or form, in
order to be legal and constitutional, or else it is not
binding. It looks to me so. But the Senator said
he answered all this, because he said the Supreme
Court had decided in Worcester's case that the
treaty, being the supreme law of the land, was
superior to the Constitution.
Mr. COLLAMER. No, I did not say so
Mr. GREEN. How then ?
Mr. COLLAMER. Superior to the United
States Constitution, do you mean ?
Mr. GREEN. Oh, no; superior to the-State
constitution.
Mr. COLLAMER. Ah!
Mr. GREEN. I knew I was right. I mean
not to misrepresent you. You say that the su-
preme law of the land, which is a treaty, would
be superior to the constitution, and prevail any-
how. Will this Senate be guilty of the egregious
folly of making a boundary which they know is
not a legal boundary? You say the treaty will
prevail, and therefore part of what we do will be
declared null and void; and hence we will do so!
Is that the part of sensible men ? We will do it
because the Supreme Court will step in here and
say it is null and void; we will do it anyhow, but
the Supreme Ciurt will set it aside and see it an-
nulled. I think it a great deal betu>r policy for
the Senate and House of Representatives, when
they know what the law is, to conform their ac-
tion to the law. If it be the law, why not con-
form our action to the law ?
Again, do we not know what was the history
of the case with regard to Georgia; that it will
lead to collision, to trouble, and to, perhaps, an
armed military force ? But, it is said, the Supreme
Court has decided it. I accept the decisions of
the Supreme Court; but do all the Senators on
the other side Accept them ? When the court de-
cided the Dred Scott case, they said it was all
corrupt and wrong, and they would not submit
to it; but when they come to the Georgia case, in
regard to the jurisdiction of the Federal Govern-
ment over the Indian territory, they say the Su-
preme Court has decided so and so, and it is all very
well. I will take even that; I will not pressDred
Scott; I will not press the fugitive slave law; but
if the court decides on one subject, it is all right;
and if it decides on another, it is all wrong ! That
argument does not suit me. I stand by the court
in its entire judgments, or not at all. I do say
this, however: if that be the decision of the court,
and if it be the principle on which you arc acting,
strike out your proviso. If you put in your pro-
viso, you are limiting the power of the people in
Kansas; you are limiting their jurisdiction, or
else you are simply declaring their jurisdiction.
In either case, as they do not declare it, and do
not limit it, you must resubmit it, and you ac-
complish nothing. If you accomplish anything,
you do it by choking it down their throats, con-
trary to law and contrary to the principles of self-
government.
Unfortunately, it so happens, that if people
be predetermined to accomplish anything, they
will hunt up special specious reasons to do it. It
is too frequently the case. I ask in all candor, m
the body, ought not that land to bj, excepted out ?
Ought it not to be excluded from the Territory?
Thu Wyandotte constitution, which we are now
passing upon, does include it. The House bill
does exclude it. The Senator from Vermont sup-
ports the House bill, and proposes also to ex-
clude it. How can you exclude it consistently
j with the piinciple of self-government in the Ter-
! ritory,ifyoudonotresubmitit? Ifyouhave,then,
to resubmit it, ought you not to consult what
would be the best boundaries for the State with
reference to the general policy of the Federal Gov-
ern ment—not with reference to a mere locality?
You talk about dismembering a Territory! A
Territory is nobody. Dismember a thing that
has no existence as a bodyIn every smgle ter-
ritorial bill we ever passed we reserved the right
to cut them up as we pleased. Is not that so ? I
say it is ill the Kansas bill, m the Nebraska bill.
Ill every single territorial bill that ever did pass
Congress we have reserved the right to cut them
up, shape them, and throw them into different
poitions just as we plcascd;and nowthe Senator
from Vermont talks about doing wrong by dis-
membeiing them. We are only exercising our
I judgment as to the proper disposition of the whole
question. If the discovery of gold at Pike's Peak
had never occurred, I should have been m favor
of adhering to the north and south lines, with
the exception of the Indian lands, and running
west to the Rocky Mountains; but the discovery
of gold proved to me the necessity of organizing
on the west an independent State of the mineral
region. Such being the case, you get just as many
free States, and no slave States. Politically it m
the same, and economically it is agreat deal bet-
