658
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
: He also laid before the Senate a letter of the
Secretary of State of Oregon, communicating two
copies of the Journals of the Senate and House of
Representatives of that State, for thefirst session
thereof in 1858, and two copies of the laws passed
at the session b6^un on May 16, and concluded
June 4, 1859; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Ho also laid before tho Senate one copy of the
acts, resolutions, and memorials to Congress, of
the Legislative Assembly of the Territory of Utah,
for its eighth annual session; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented the peti-
tion of Hugh Wiley, a soldier in the war of 1812,
praying to be allowed a pension; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented additional papers, in relation
to the claim of Robert Harrison; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented the petition of
Mary Ett Van Buskirk, heir of Thomas Van Bus~
kirk, praying compensation for supplies furnished
during the revolutionary war; which was referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
He also presented the petition of ICate D. Tay-
lor, Widow of the late Brevet Captain Oliver H.
P. Taylor, of the Army, praying for an increase
of pension; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I present resolutions of
the Legislature of Wisconsin, requesting tho pas-
sage of a resolution by Congress, relative to the
route of the railroad from Fond du Lac to Lako
Superior. I will state, in a single word, that the
Legislature of Wisconsin asks no more public
lands, but, upon an actual survey it is found that
it is impossible that a railroad could be built on
tho precise line which is marked out in the act of
Congress, in consequence of the location of hills
and mountains, &c. The request of the Legisla-
ture in substancc is, that they may locate upon
the most eligible route upon the ranges between
sixteen and twenty-three, asking'no more lands
whatever. I move that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
PAPERS "WITHDRAWN AND KEFEUIU5D.
On motion of Mr. DURKEE, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Randall Fogg, praying to be
allowed the difference between the pay lie received and that
allowed other watchmen, during the tune he was employed
as watchman at the Patent Office, on the files of the Senate,
be referred to the Committee on I'atents and the Patent
Otfice.
REPORTS OP COMMITTEES.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Commerce,
to whom was referred the leport of the Secretary
oC War, communicating, in answer to a resolu-
tion of the Senate of March 7, 1859, copies of
papers relating to the removal of obstructions at
the mouths of the Mississippi river, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration; which
was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN, from the Committee on the Post
• Oflicc and Post Roads, to whom was referred the
petition of James Mycr, praying compensation
for services rendered and losses sustained by him
as quartermaster to the Mexican boundary line
commission, asked to be discharged from its fur-
ther consideration, and that it be referred to the
Committee on Claims; which was agreed to.
Mr. FITCH, from the Committee on Printing,
to whom was referred the motion to print the re-
port of the Committee on Claims, on the claim of
Letitia Humphries and others, made at the first
session of the Thirty-Fifth Congress, reported in
favor of printing the usual number; and the repou
was agreed to.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee on the Post
Oilice and Post Roads, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 30) for the relief of Sheldon Mc-
Knight, reported it without amendment; and sub-
mitted a report, which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 29) for the relief of
Arthur Edwards and his associates, reported it
without amendment; and submitted a report,
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, to whom was referred
the bill CS. No. 82) to amend the fourth section
of the act for the admission of Oregon into the
Union, so as to extend the time for selecting salt
springs and contiguous lands in Oregon, reported
it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 87) for the relief of
Lee Deatherage and John Deatfierage, or their
legal representatives, reported it without amend-
ment.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a hill (S. No.
116) to appropriate one million acres of the pub-
lic, lands of the United States for the benefit of
free public schools in the District of Columbia;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. DOOLITTLE asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. No. 10) relating to the route of the rail-
road from Fond du Lac on Lake Winnebago, in
the State of Wisconsin, to Lake Superior; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
NOTICE OP A BILL.
Mr. W1GFALL gave notice of his intention
to ask leave to introduce a bill to establish com-
munication by railroad and telegraph between the
Atlantic States and California, and for other pur-
poses.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. GWIN. I jrive notice that I shall, on
Monday next, ask the Senate to proceed to the
consideration of business on the Calendar. The
first bill on the Calendar is one introduced by
myself, in favor of building a railroad across the
continent to the Pacific ocean. I give notice that
I shall call it up on that day. As I introduced
the bill, and did not ask to have it printed at the
time, I now move that the bill be printed. It will
be necessary, in the discussion of it, that members
should have the bill before them.
The motion was agreed to; and it was
Ordoed, That the bill (S. No. 10) to authorize the Pres-
ident of the United States to contiaet lor the; tianspoit.mon
of tho mails, tioops, seamen, munitions ot'wai, Army and
Navy supplies, and all other Government service, by lail-
road, from the Missouri river to San Fianeisco,m the*State
of California, he printed.
HOUR OF MEETING.
On motion of Mr. GWIN, it was
Ordered, That the daily hour of meeting, from and after
Monday next, shall be twelve o'clock meridian.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
On motion of Mr. COLLAMER, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns to-day, it be to
Mondav next.
NEW YORK POST OFFICE.
Mr. DIXON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, Thai the Committee on the Post Oilice and
Pom Road?, he instructed to inquire whether the appiopiia-
tion for the purchase of a <ite for the location of a suitable
building tor the New York post office is still in force, and
whether the .name is <uflicient for that purpose, and for the
erection of such building; and also whether any further
legislation is necessary on 1he subject.
NAVAL DEPOT ON PUCIET SOUND.
Mr. LANE submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent,and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs he in-
i f-trueted to inquire into the expediency of establishing a
naval depot and navy-vard at some point on Pu<jet Sound,
including, by thisdesign.uion.the whole body ol Aineiican
i \\ ,itei.-> having then confluence with the ocean at the en-
trance of the straits San Juan de Fuca,aiul to icport by
bill or othenvise. j
seamen's hospital moxky. j
Mr. SUMNER. I submit the following reso- j
lution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be directed
to consider the expediency of abolishing by law the exac-
tion of twenty cents from the monthly wages of seamen in
the merchant service of the United States, and of the boat-
men on the western waters, constituting what is called
" hospital money," so that, when sick or disabled, they may
enjoy their present privileges at the marine hospitals with-
out the present tax.
There being no objection; the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. PUGH. I would like to move an amend-
ment, with the consent of the Senator, that the
committee also consider the expediency of dispos-
ing of those marine hospitals. The Secretary of
the Treasury has notified us for the last three or
four years that they were a source of great ex-
pense, and that the seamen can be supported at a
much less cost. I will suggest that amendment—
that the committee consider also the expediency
of abolishing the present system of marine hos-
pitals.
Mr. SUMNER. I have no objection to that.
Mr. PUGH. Then I move to amend the reso-
lution by adding the words—
And that the committee also consider the expediency of
abolishing the present system of marine hospitals.
The amendment was agreed to; and the resolu-
tion, as modified, was adopted.
RELATIONS OF THE STATES.
Mr. DA VIS submitted the following resolutions:
3. Resolved, That in the adoption of the Federal Consti-
tution, the States adopting the same acted severally as free
and independent sovereignties, delegating a portion of their
powers to be exercised by the Federal Government for the
increased security of each, against dangers domestic as well
as foreign; and that any intermeddling by any one or more
States, or by a combination of their citizens, with the do-
mestic institutions of the others, on any pretext, whether
political, moral, or religious, with the view to their disturb-
ance or subversion, is in violation of the Constitution, in-
sulting to the States so inteifeied with, endangers their
domestic peace and tranquillity—objects for which the Con-
stitution was formed—and, by necessary consequence,
serves to weaken and destroy the Union itself.
2. Resolved, That negro slavery, as it exists m fifteen
States of this Union, composes an important portion of
their domestic institutions, inherited from their ancestors,
and existing at the adoption of the Constitution, by which
it is recognized as constituting an important element of the
apportionment of powers among the States; and that no
change of opinion or feeling on the part of the non-slave-
holding States of the Union m relation to this institution
can justify them or their citizens in open and systematic
attacks thereon, with a view to its overthrow; and that all
such attacks are in manifest violation of the mutual and
solemn pledges to protect and defend each other, given by
the States, respectively, on entering into the constitutional
compact which foi med the Union, and are a manifest bieach
of faith and a violation of the most solemn obligations.
3. Resolved, That the union of these States rests on the
equality of lights and privileges among its membcis, and i
that it is especially the duty ot the Senate, which represents
the States in their sovereign capacity, to resist all attempts
to disci iminatc either m relation to person or propeity, so
as, in the Toiutoues—which are the common possession
of the United States—to give advantages to the citizens of
one State which are not equally secured to those of eveiy
other State.
4. Resolved, That neither Congress, nor a Territorial Le-
gislature, whether by direct legislation or legislation of an
nidiiect and unfriendly nature, possess the power to annul
or impair the constitutional right of any citizen of the Uni-
ted States to take lus slave property Into the common Ter-
ritories ; but it is the duty ot the Federal Government there
to afford for that, as for other species of property, the need-
ful protection ; and if experience should at any time prove
that tin; judiciary does not possess power to insure adequate
protection, it will then become the duty of Congress to
supply Mich deficiency.
5. Resolved, That the inhabitants of an organized Terri-
tory ot the United States, when they rightfully form a consti-
tution to be admitted as a State into the Union, may then,
foi the lirst tune, like the people of a State when forming
a new constitution, decide for themselves whether slavery,
as a domestic institution, shall be maintained or prohibited
within their jurisdiction; and if Congress shall admit them
as a State, " they shall be received into the Union with or
without slavery, as their constitution may prescribe at the
time of their admission."
6. Resolved, That the provision of the Constitution for
the rendition of fugitives from service orlaboi, "without
the adoption of which the Union could not have been
foimed,,? and the laws of 1793 and 1830, which were enacted
to secure its execution, and the main features of which,
being similar, bear the impress of nearly seventy years of
sanction by the highest judicial authority, have unquestion-
able claim to the respect and observance of all who enjoy
the beneiits of our compact of Union; and that the acts of
State Le islauues to defeat the purpose, oi nullify the re-
quirements of that provision, and the laws made in pursu-
ance of it, are hostile in character, subversive of the Con-
stitution, revolutionary in their efiect, and if persisted m,
must sooner or later lead the States injured by such breach
of the eompaet to exercise their judgment as to the pioper
mode and measure of redress.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I have presented
these resolutions not for the purpose of discuss-
ing them, but with a viewto get a vote upon them
severally, hoping thus, by an expression of the
deliberate opinion of the Senate,' that we may
reach some conclusion as to what is the present
condition of opinion in relation to the principles
there expressed. The expression even of tho reso-
lutions is, to a great extent, not new. The first
and second are substantially those on which the
Senate voted in 1837-38, affirming them then by a
very large majority. I trust opinion to-day may
be as sound as it was then. There is also an
assertion of an historical fact, which is drawn from
