2622
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
J une 5,
ter, tc run Kansas up to the Platte river, and run
Nebraska up so as to include the gore between
the Missouri and the Sioux rivers.
I have looked at this question with a great deal
of care and caution. I am influenced by no par-
tisan feeling in it, though I am just as much of a
partisan as anybody else; but this is not a parti-
san question. It is a question outside of partisan
or persona] feeling. These people cannot vote for
President, and the Senator from Vermont is not
a candidate; and hence I do not think it amounts
to anything in apolitical sense; and I really think
we ought to come right down to this: will we
stand to the treaty stipulation, and exclude the
Cherokees, the duapaws, and Senecas? Shall
we shape the Territory so as to give it a due pro-
portion of arable land ? Shall we then make a
mineral State of the mountain region, with arable
land enough to support all the miners? and shall
we then make Nebraska and south Dakota into
a State? and if north Dakota and the western
part, west of the Missouri river, shall develop
itself, and show itself fir for a State, make that
into a State also. Cutting off the whole west of
Kansas, we ought to add something to it to make
it fit for a State. That is just my view of the
subject.
- "The Senator from Vermont says, however, that
I am cutting off several counties south. That is
a misunderstanding. If they have got counties
there, weie they not excepted? Is not all that 1
exclude excepted out of the Kansas-Nebraska
bill, and if they made counties there where it was
excepted out, did they not do it in their own
wrong ?
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not understand the
gentleman's last statement.
Mr. GREEN. Was not all that I exclude on
the south bottder—the Cherokee, the Cluapaw,
and the Seneca land—excepted out of the Kansas-
Nebraska bill? If, therefore, they have made
any counties there, they have done it in their own
wrong.
Mr. COLLAMER. The gentleman is mis-
taken.
Mr. GREEN. I know that in the western part
they have not made counties.
_ Mr. COLLAMER. They have not made coun-
ties on Indian land.
Mr. GREEN. They have.
Mr. COLLAMER. I did not know it.
Mr. GREEN. That is the only place they
have made counties; and west of the Indian lands
on the south border they have not made a single
county.
Mr. COLLAMER. On Cherokee land >
Mr. GREEN. Yes, they made a county on
the Cherokee land, and three counties on the
Cluapaw lnndrfl
Mr. COLLAMER. The Cluapaw lands, I be-
lieve, were not excepted out of the jurisdiction.
Mr. GREEN. What is Dorn county ? What
is Godfiey county ? I have looked into this ques-
tion, and I would not talk at random, for I do not
want to deceive anybody on it. I tell you that
the Cherokee lands are cut into one county, and
the people are trying to rush in, and the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs has sent word there
to the commander of the forces to drive every one
off that is trying to steal the Indian lands. He
complains that we arc cutting off a county. It is
a county they had no right to make. When you
get west of the Cluapaw lands, they have not
made a county. If they have, there are no people
in it.
I will remark another thing on the subject of
population, as that occurs to me at this moment.
As to the six counties from which the Senator
says no returns are made, how many people are
there in them ? It took four of them to elect one
Representative, and one hundred and fifty voters
would elect a Representative. We have returns
'here; and it will not do to undertake to swell the ,
population by saying six counties were not in- i
eluded. When we talked about Lecompton, it '
was said that fifteen counties were disfranchised;
but when we camc to look into the question, there
were no people in them; and when you look into
these six counties, there are no people of any
consequence there._ As to the counties south of
the line I indicate, if there are any people there,
they aie there illegally. West of the duapaws j
and Senecas, there may possibly be half a dozen j
people; but not one hundred, certainly. Major !
Dorn, after whom that county was named—who
is the agent of the Senecas—wrote to me to that
effect. The Senator complains thatl do not give
him the ground of my information. I now do on
that point; and I can give him the ground of my
information on the other points. There are no
people there. If they reside there, they are there
illegally; con truiy to the organic act of Kansas,
and contrary to treaty stipulation; and they are
compelled to be driven out.
Now, I ask, will we organize a State including
what our treaty stipulation says shall not be in-
cluded ? The House bill says no. I say very
well to that. But if you are goingto adopt that,
it must be resubmitted to the people, or else you
force on them a thing to which they have never
assented.
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not know who has a
right to close on a question of this kind; but I
hardly deem it necessary to say anything.
Mr. WIGPALL. I beg leave to say to the
Senator from Vermont that I desire to make a
very few remarks, explaining the vote I shall give
on this question; and if he desires to close, I
should rather speak before he does.
Mr. COLLAMER. I will waive it altogether.
My view, if listened to, I think, would show that
the case is not obnoxious to the objections which
the Senator from Missouri makes.
Mr. WIGFALL. I will listen with great pleas-
ure .
Mr. COLLAMER. I shall not detain the Sen-
ate.
Mr. WIGFALL. Mr. President, it is under-
stood, I bi'lieve, that this question shall not be
much discussed; and I shall, therefore, not go
into any very elaborate discussion of it; but in
consequence of the remarks that have been made,
and from what I have seen in the public press,
and knowing, as I do, the conclusions which are
to be drawn from the votes that are to be given
on this question of the admission of Kansas into
the Union at this time, I choose to put myself right,
if for no other reason, for my own self-protec-
tion. In voting as to the admission of Kansas
now, I must review the past; and I shall do it
very briefly, and only so far as it controls my
vote.
1 know that it is unfashionable, and it falls un-
pleasantly on the ear of this Chamber, as well as
I believe, upon that of the other House, to talk of the
Constitution, or of our form of Government. Mr.
Nathaniel Macon, long, long ago, apologized to
the United States Senate for quoting the Consti-
tution. He said he believed he was out of order,
and asked permission of the Senate to be allowed
to quote it; and that, sir, was in what we call the
better days of the Republic.
The question comes up now for admitting a
partner into the Union of States. What is the Gov-
ernment that we have ? There are States, polit-
ical communities, confederated together for cer-
tain purposes; and those purposes to be carried
out by their common agent, the Federal Govern-
ment. If, years ago, when all Europe was banded
in a war against the French Republic, and then
against the French Empire, those nations callcd
the Holy Alliance had chosen, instead of acting
each separately, as these States did, under the old
Confederation, ratifying for themselves what they
had agreed to, first, through their representa-
tives—if they had agreed to establish a general
commission, and had authorized that to accom-
plish their purposes, in crushing out Napoleon
and establishing the fact of whether Europe was
to be Cossack or Republican—what difference
would it have made with the sovereigns of those
particular Governments that had so confederated
together? None whatever; and so it is with us.
And if the question had arisen whether some new
Power should be admitted into the Holy Alli-
ance or excluded, what difference would it have
made whether they were ratifying after the rec-
ommendation had been made, or whether they
were ratifying simultaneously with the recom-
mendation. So it is here. The question is, shall
we admit a new partner into this political partner-
ship ? That is the question, and the only one.
Senators seem to have forgotten entirely the form
of Government under which we are living; and
when a new partner asks for admission into this
Union as a sovereign, separate, independent State
—apolitical community, to exercise her sovereign
powers conjointly with the States that they rep-
resent—they seem entirely to forget the new Union
that is to be established, and the new partner that
is to be admitted.
A certain set of individuals living upon territory
that belongs to these thirty-three States, impu-
dently, without authority of law, without our con-
sent, attempt an act of revolution, after commit-
ting many of treason. Without our consent, they
assume the position of one of the Powers upon
the earth, and they come here and demand that
they may be confederated with us, and put upon
terms of equality: and that they, individuals living
upon our territory, shall be admitted into this great
Confederation—this Confederation of nations—
and be permitted an equal voice in using the power
of our Army and our Navy and our Treasury.
That is the proposition. Then, I ask, as the Sen-
ator from Missouri asked, who are these individ-
uals, and what is their moral character? If the
Senator on my right from Virginia [Mr. Huntcr]
and the Senator from Georgia on my left [Mr.
Kerson] weie to enter into partnership, I care
not what business it was, and a third person
should offer himself as a partner, would it not be
pertinent for them to ask, is this man solvent? is
he moral? is he respectable? and will admitting
him add to the facility of carrying on our busi-
ness and to our general prosperity? So when a
new State comes and offers to be admitted into
this Union, we have a right to ask as to the char-
acter of the inhabitants of that State.
There arc other things to be considered. How
have they deported themselves towards us? And
this carries me immediately back to a very brief
resume of the whole Kansas question. During
the winter of 1854, the Massachusetts Legislature
incorporated an emigrant aid society, with from
one to five million—I have forgotten which—of
capital. For what purpose? The colonization
of Kansas. Previously to the passage of the
Kansas and Nebraska bill, the Massachusetts Le-
gislature had done that thing. I am not in the
habit, as some Senators are, of keeping.a scrap-
book, and cutting out of newspapers everything
that I see, and coming here and for three hours
reading these extracts, and calling it a speech;
but I assert it as a fact, that the Republican papers
of New England then stated—and it is indisputa-
ble—that this emigrant aid society was organized
for the purpose of free-soiling—to use a cant
American phrase—the Territory of Kansas; and
of doing more, offree-soiiing Missouri, one of the
sovereign States of this Union. I have not for-
gotten these matters; because I discussed them
at that time, and the impressions are made indel-
ibly on my mind. I say that the Massachusetts
Legislature, before the Kansas bill was passed,
had charteied a company, and that the object of
that company was to establish what they called
liberty in Kansas, and extend freedom over Mis-
souri. Under these circumstances, the American
Congress passed the Kansas-Nebraska bill; and
I shall briefly allude to some of the provisions
of it.
The Senator from Vermont [Mr. Collamer] has
spoken of the injustice, I believe, or some equiva-
lent term, of our changing the boundaries of this
Territory. I have not the bill before me, but the
very first clause of the organic act provided that
Congress might at any time change the bounda-
ries of that Territory as it saw fit. It was in the
organic act, if " organic" can properly be applied
to such an act—a mere act ofincorpouuion. What
were some of the other provisions ? There were
men then fighting in our ranks who weie faithful.
One of the other provisions was—and I had to
fight the good fight, and keep the faith upon that
too—the fifth clause, I think, which provided for
the qualification of electors; and it provided that
every man who was in the Territory at the time
of the first election, if he was there but on the day
of the first election, should have the right to vote,
if he was twenty-one years old, and white. There
was another provision, which was, that foreign
birth should not be made a test, but that the voter
should swear that he would obey the Constitu-
tion of the United States, and all the provisions
of the Kansas act. And what was one of the pro-
visions of the Kansas act? A fugitive slave bill.
The fugitive slave bill, when it passed, in 1850,
was made of effect all over the United States, m
every State and every Territory. Why was it
put in the Kansas bill ? I have said that there ihen
were faithful men fighting in our ranks—yea, and
