I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
23T:
36xii Cong. .:. 1st Sess.
Texas Volunteer Regiment—Mr. Olin.
Ho. of Reps.
might gain the car of soma aentleman in this
House.
I concur in opinion with the gentleman from
Texas, [Mr. Reagan,] that this measure is a very
important one. If this measure shall be adopted,
it will be initiating a new policy with respect to
the management of our Indian tribes and the dis-
tribution of the forces of the regular Army; for
this application is founded upon the express as-
sertion that, for all purposes of repelling hostilities
of the Indian tribes, our regular Army is of 110
service at all; not that there is nota sufficient num-
ber of troops in the pay of the Government to
repicss all these hostilities, but that neither the
cavalry arm nor the infantry arm of the service is
fitted for such an enterprise. This application is
based upon the ground, not that there is any act-
ually existing hostilities with the Indian tribes,
not that any concerted hostility of a large body of
menexists, but that there is a system of petty war-
fare and pillage kept up upon the border frontiers,
by straggling parties of white men or Indians—
probably 111 most instances by white men—in
which little petty thefts, and sometimes murders,
are committed; and the Government is now called
upon to muster into the service of the General
Government a force to protect the frontier inhabit-
ants against such a system of pillage. I repeat,
sir, if tins course is adopted, kfe a departure from
that policy which has hitherto directed and con-
trolled the councils of the Government.
Any one at all familiar with &e history of the
two States of Kentucky and Tennessee, knows
very well that for a long period of years their
frontier settlements were infested with hostile
bands of Indians; that occasional murders were
committed; that extensive robbories were perpe-
trated; but those States never thought of calling
upon the General Governments pay for volunteer
forces raised to protect them.
If gentlemen desire any information in reference
to the true condition of things upon the frontier
of Texas, they will only have to turn to and read
some three or four hundred pages of correspond-
ence between the various Indian agentsand the De-
partment of the Interior, commencing about the
1st of January last, and continuing down to the
present time. They will there learn the exact
state of things in reference to this controversy,
and, in my judgment, they will learn something
in reference to the origin of it. I know of no other
source of information upon the subject; but the
most reliable infoimation will be found in the cor-
respondence between the Department of the Inte-
rior and the various Indian agents having charge
of those various tribes.
Now, it has been alleged in this debate that the
treatmentof the Indians who wcrcsettlod by treaty
stipulation between thisGovernmentand the State
of Texas upon the reserve, has nothing to do with
the difficulty existing between the frontier peo-
ple of the State of Texas and the Indians. In my
judgment, it lies at the very foundation of the
whole difficulty; and any one who will turn to
that correspondence will see that, if such offenses
as are alleged to have been committed have not
been perpetrated by the icserve Indians, there has
been a degree of forbearance upon the part of
those Indians unparalleled in the history of the
Indian tribes of our continent; for, in my judg-
ment, no more shameful record exists m the his-
tory of this country, written or unwritten, than
that which relates to the treatment of these In-
dians.
It is said that, during the last five or six months,
seven or eight hundred horses have been stolen by
those Indians from the whites of the frontier If
this be true, it is probably but a poor equivalent
for the horses and cattle plundered from the In-
dians of that reserve by the whites, as shown by
the correspondence to which I have referred. I
said, and I repeat it, that if these Indians have sub-
mitted quietly and peacefully to the outrages which
have been committed upon them, and connived at
by the authority of the State of Texas, then they
have exhibited what the Indian race never has
heretofore exhibited in the history of this country.
It is an established fact that when a poi lion of their
women and children were in camp at midnight, and
while their husband sand brothers were vol i^itarily
absent assisting Major Van Dorri, 111 command
of the United States troops, in an expedition to a
distantpart of the country, against a band of hos-
tile Camanches, these women and children were
crept upon by a Captain Baylor and his rangers,
and the men, women, and children were shotand
murdered in their sleep. Their acts were not only
avowed publicly, but the perpetrators of them set
the civil authorities of the State of Texas at defi-
ance. These men called together meetings of the
citizens, and procured to be passed resolutions to
protect them from arrest or interference by the
civil authorities. And if you will examine this
whole correspondence you will find that there is
not even so much as a petty theft charged upon
and proved against this tribe of Indian^ upon the
reserve. I know that the perpetrators of this
worse than savage murder, in attempting to exon-
erate themselves from the consequences of their
crime, charged these Indians with having stolen
horses and mules; but, to the satisfaction of every
honest man there, there was not a tittle of proof
to sustain the charge.
Mr. REAGAN. I will state that there was
proof that they had stolen the horses, in the fact
that they were traced from the place where they
were stolen from the owners jnto the reserve.
They were identified there, and the owners hod to
pay ten dollars a head to get them away.
The gentleman talks of horses being stolen from
the Indians. 1 will say to him that I never heard
of that before this present moment.
Mr. OLIN. It was resolved by these frontier
people to drive out these Indians, who had com-
mitted no offense; who were the most intelligent
and the best behaved class of Indians under the
superiL'cndency of any of your agents through-
out the countiy. The people of Texas determ-
ined to drive them from the reservations. These
Indians had large possessions in horses and cattle.
They were notified that the Government of the
United States was giving way to this clamor, and
had resolved to remove them.
The Government, however, desired to wait until
the Indians could harvest their crops then upon
the ground. But no; they must be removed im-
mediately. TheGovemmenttook immediate steps
to lemovc them, and the Army was detailed -to
protect them in their exodu3 from these reserva-
tions. But they were not permitted time even to
get their herds of horses and cattle; and the In-
dian agent says that more than half of their herds
had to be sacrificed on account of their being
driven away from the reservations. If you turn
to the correspondence, you will see that that state-
ment is communicated to the Department, and is
denied by nobody.
Now I say, Mr. Chairman, here was a satis-
factory reason for all these predatory excursions
made on the frontier. The citizens of Texas had
disregarded every treaty obligation; they had dis-
regarded every principle of law; they had set at
defiance the public authorities of their own State,
and had driven away the Indians, murdered and
plundered them. And now they ask the General
Government, by this bill, to commission these
very men, under the authority of the United
States, to go and hunt down and murder the rem-
nant of this tribe.
Mr. REAGAN. Will thegentleman from New
York call attention to the date when this occurred—
September, 1858—so that the committee may per-
ceive that this war had been waged for years
before the occurrence of this thing? They weie
removed from those reserves to their present homes
a year or more ago. That was a transient inci-
dent, even taking the gentleman's own view of it.
Mr. OLIN. The Indians were sent away in
July. Now, the extraordinary character of this
application is first found in the fact, that neither
the War Department nor any other department of
this Government has taken the responsibility of
recommending this raising of this regiment of vol- i
untccrs. I say so, without reservation, notwith- !
standing what my friend from Iowa [Mr. Curtis-] ;
has stated on that point—and I will allude to that j
by and by. No department of the Government, t
I say, neither the War Department, nor the Pres-
ident, nor—I will venture to say—any intelligent
officer of the United States Aimy, take the re-
sponsibility ofrecommending this regiment. Prob-
ably it may not be proper for me to allude to what
occurred in the committee on this subject, although
I think the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Stanton]
did so to some extent. It was stated by some
member of the Committee on Military Affairs,
that if the Secretary of War would take the re-
sponsibility of recommending the raising of this
regiment, he, for one, would vote to recommend
the appropriation for it; and after persevering
application to the Secretary of War, in came a
letter, by the back door of our committee room,
indorsing this project. That is all the recommend-
ation which there is from the Department on this
subject—and that is a reluctant one, forced by the
importunities of the friends of this measure as a
necessary measure by reason of its being impos-
sible to direct the troops of the Government to that
point as soon as they were required, or as soon
as the volunteer regiment could be raised and put
to service.
This project is to raise one regiment of mounted
men; and I suppose that is esteemed a sufficient
force for the protection of this frontier. Now, the
committee ought to know, and the country ought
to know, that there is one regiment of mounted
men now, mounted on the best horses that could
be supplied in the United States, who have per-
formed no service since the close of the Mexican
war, except by way of drillingorin fancy parades.
Mr. REAGAN. The gentleman will pardon
mo. This matter affects facts which we all want
to get at. I wish to call the gentleman's atten-
tion to the fact that there is only one cavalry regi-
ment in Texas proper.
Mr. OLIN. The gentleman misapprehends me'.
I say there is already one regiment of mounted
men, that are mounted on the Ijest horses that can
be furnished in the United States, and who have
performed no military duty, except a show pa-
rade, since the close of the Mexican war.
Mr. REAGAN. Where arc they?
Mr. OLIN. Four companies, 1 think, are at
Fort Leavenworth now. I refer to the regiment
of flying artillery. One company, I believe, is
in Utah, one in California, and one, 1 think, in
Texas.
Mr. REAGAN. I understand they are an ar-
tillery regiment, and not cavalry.
Mr. OLIN. Certainly; they are all well
mounted, however, and can do good service.
Mr. CURTIS. Will the gentleman from New
York allow me to have a letter read from the Sec-
retary of War? It is the last information we have
from that Department.
Mr. OLIN. Have you got another one?
Mr. CURTIS. No; this Is in answer to an ap-
plication for information.
The Clerk read the letter, as follows:
War Department, April 5, 1850.
Dear Sir: I callod at your lodging some time sincc to
have a conversation with you in reference to the biJJ, then
before your committee, makiujr an appropriation for the
Texas mounted regiment, and I icgietted very much to
find that you had leit the city.
I have just heard of your leturn, and embrace the oppor-
tunity to say that, in my judgment, the interests of tho coun-
try imperatively demand that fhnsc troops should called
out. The exposed condition of the Texan iVontier, and tho
destruction of life and piopeity, make it necessary lor a
iuigerand more effcctivc force to be ported in That vicinity
than it is possible t'oi this Depaitmcnt to supply.
Veiy re&pectlully and truly, yours,
JOHN tt. FLOYD.
Hon. Benjamin Stanton, Chairman Committee on Mili-
tary Jlj}airs> House of Representatives.
Mr. OLIN. That, I suppose, is the precise let-
ter that I alluded to, winch followed the inform-
ation that somebody would vote for the appro-
priation if the Department would recommend it.
That is the response drawn out. But I object to
it, as not coming here m a shape which entitles it
to any consideiation as a communication to this
House. I know of no such way of communi-
cating with this House as sending a private letter
to one gentleman on a committee.
Mr. PENDLETON. I would like to ask the
gentleman from New York, as he has gone some-
what into this matter, whether the chairman of
the Military Committee, together with another
member of that committee, did not call 011 the Sec-
retary of War, for the purpose of investigating
this \erv subject, by the direction of the commit-
tee? and whether the letter which has been read
was not written by the Secretary of War, after
an ineffectual attempt of these gentlemen to see
him, he being at the time out of the city ?
Mr. OLIN. I have so.understood. Now, sir,
it will be remembered by the House that the reg-
