1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the opinion of Judge Story, in the decision of the
ruling case of Prigg the Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania. It was my purpose to rest the
propositions contained in these resolutions upon
the highest authority ofthe land, judicial as well as
other; and if it be possible to obtain a vote on them
without debate, it will be most agreeable to me
To have them affirmed by the Senate without con-
tradiction, would be an era in the recent history of
our country which would be hailed with joy by
every one who sincerely loves it. I ask that the
resolutions may beprinted, and be made a special
order, for the purpose which I have indicated, for
such day as the Senate may choose to name. I
have no choice as to time, having ho wish to
discuss the resolutions, unless it shall be neces-
sary by remarks which shall be made by others.
I therefore would like any one to suggest a time
when it will be probably agreeable to the Senate
to take them up for consideration. Next Wednes-
day is suggested. I ask, then, that the resolutior s
may be printed for the use of the Senate, and
matie the special order for Wednesday next, at
half past one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
LEGISLATIVE ACTION.
• Mr. CLAY. Before the special order is called
up, I should be obliged to the Senate if they would
take up for consideration a joint resolution, re-
ported by me from the Committee on Commerce,
to allow a credit to certain disbursing officers
therein mentioned. It has oncc passed the Sen-
ate, and I presume will lead to no debate. It is
a matter of great interest to the gentlemen for
whose relief it is offered that it should pass
soon.
Mr. HALE. I thought it was the understand-
ing of the Senate, though there was no formal vote
on it, that we should not pass any bill to its ma-
turity until we had been advised of the organiza-
tion of the House of Representatives. We have
been proceeding so for about eight weeks, and I
suppose we shall probably hear about that in a
short time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is objection made ?
Mr. CLAY." If any objection be made, of course
I shall not press it.
Mr. HA31E. That is the only objection I have.
Mr. CLAY. I did not understand the Senator
to do more than suggest an objection which has
been made; and perhaps, to obviate all objection,
I had better let it rest until Monday. Perhaps
by that time the other House will be organized.
Mr. HALE. That is the only objection I have.
VETO OF TIIE ST. CLAIR FLATS BILL.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a message from the President of the United
States, giving his reasons for retaining the bill
passed on the last day of the last Congress, making
an appropriation to deepen the channel over the
St. Clair ffats, in the State of Michigan; which
was ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
The message is as follows:
To the Senate of the United States:
On the last day of the last Congress a bill which
had passed both Houses, entitled "An act making
an appropriation for deepening the channel over
the St. Clair flats, in the State of Michigan, "was
presented to me for approval.
It is scarcely necessary to observe that, during
the closing hours of a session, it is impossible for
the President, on the instant, to examine into the
merits or demerits of an important bill, involving,
as this does, grave questions both of expediency
and of constitutional power, with that care and
deliberation demanded by his publicduty, as well
as by the best interests of the country. For this
reason the Constitution has, in all cases, allowed
him ten days for deliberation; because if a bill be
presented to him within the last ten days of the
session, he is not required to return it, cither with j
an approval or a veto, but may retain it, "in which
case it shall not be a law." Whilst an occasion
can rarely occur when so long a period as ten days
would be required to enable the President to de-
cide whether he should approve or veto a bill, yet
to deny him even two days on important ques-
tions before the adjournment of each session for
this purpose, as recommended by a former annual
message, would not only be unjust to him, but a
violation of the spirit of the Constitution. To re-
quire him to approve a bill when it is impossible
he could examine into its merits, would be to de-
prive him of the exercise of his constitutional dis-
cretion, and convert him into a mere register of the
decrees of Congress. I therefore deem it a suffi-
cient reason for having retained the bill in ques-
tion, that it was not presented to me until the last
day of the session.
Since the termination of the last Congress I
have made a thorough examination of the ques-
tions involved in the bill to deepen the channel
over the St. Clair fiats, and now proceed to ex-
press the opinions which I have formed upon the
subject.
And 1. Even if this had been a more question
of expediency,-it was, to say the least, extremely
doubtful whether the bill ought to have been ap-
proved; because the object which Congress in-
tended to accomplish by the appropriation which
it contains of $55,000 had been already substan-
tially accomplished. I do not mean to allege that
the work had been completed in the best manner;
but it was sufficient for all practical purposes.
The St. Clair flats are formed by the St. Clair
river, which empties into the lake of that name by
several mouths, and which forms a bar or shoal
on which, in its natural state, there is not more
than six or seven feet water. This shoal is inter-
posed between the mouth of the river and the
ueep water of the lake, a distance of six thousand
feet; and, in its natural condition, was a serious
obstruction to navigation. The obvious remedy
for this was to deepen a channel through these
flats by dredging, so as to enable vessels which
could navigate the lake and the river to pass
through this intermediate channel. This object
had been already accomplished by previous ap-
propriations, but without my knowledge, when
the bill was presented to me. Captain Whipple,
of the topographical engineers, to whom the ex-
penditure of the last appropriation of $45,000 for
this purpose, in 185G, was intrusted, in his annual
report of the 1st of October, 1858, stated that the
dredging was discontinued on the 26th of August,
1858, when a channel had been cut averaging two
hundred and seventy-five feet wide, with a depth
varying from, twelve to fifteen and a half feet. He
says: " So long as the lake retains its present
height, we may assume that the depth in the chan-
nel will be atleast thirteen and a half feet." With
this result, highly creditable to Captain Whipple,
he observes that, if he has been correctly informed,
" all the lake navigators are gratified." Besides,
afterwards, and during the autumn of 1858, the
Canadian Government expended $20,000 in deep-
ening and widening the inner end of the channel
excavated by the United States.
No complaint had been made, previous to the
passage of the bill, of obstructions to the com-
merce and navigation across the St. Clair flats.
What, then, was the object of the appropriation
proposed by the bill?
It appears that the surface of the water in Lake
St. Clair has been gradually rising, until, in 1858,
it had attained an elevation of four feet above
what had been its level in 1841. It is inferred—
whether correctly or not it is not for me to say—
that the surface of the water may gradually sink
to the level of 1841; and in that event the water
which was, when the bill passed, thirteen and a
half feet dee]) in the channel, might sink to nine
and a half feet, and thus obstruct the passage.
To provide for this contingency, Captain Whip-
ple suggested " the propriety of placing the sub-
ject before Congress, with an estimate for exca-
vating a cut through the center of the new channel
one hundred and fifty feet in width and four and
a half feet deep, so as to obtain from the river to
the lake a depth of eighteen feet during seasons of
extreme high water, and twelve feet at periods of
extreme low water." It was not alleged that any j
present necessity existed for this narrower cut in !
the bottom of the present channel; but it is in- !
fcrrcd that, for the reason stated, it may hereafter j
become necessary. Captain Whipple's estimate j
amounted to §50,000; but Congress, by the bill, :
have granted $55,000. Now, if no other objection j
existed against this measure, it would not seem i
necessary that the appropriation should have been j
made for the purpose indicated. The channel was j
sufficiently deep for all practical purposes; but ]
from natural causes constantly operating in the J
lake, which I need not explain, this channel is j
peculiarly liable to fill up. What is really re- |
quired is, that it should at intervals be dredged i
out so as to preserve its present depth; and/surely
the comparatively trifling expense necessary for
this purpose ought not to be borne by the United
States. After an improvement has been once conr
structed by appropriations from the Treasury, it
is not too mucn to expect that it should be kept-in
repair by that portion of the commercial and navi-
gating interests which enjoy its peculiar benefits.
The last report made by Captain Whipple,
dated on the 13th September last, has been submit-
ted to Congress £>y the Secretary of War, and to
this I would refer for information, which is, upon
the whole, favorable in relation to the present con-
dition of the channel through the St. Clair flats.
2. But, the far more important question is, does
Congress possess the power, under the Constitu-
tion, to deepen the channels of rivers, and to create
and improve harbors for purposes of commerce?
The question of the constitutional power of Con-
gress to construct internal improvements within
the States has been so frequently and so elabo-
rately discussed, that it would seem 'useless, on
this occasion, to repeat or to refute, at length, argu-
ments which have been so often adv^hced. For
my own opinions on this subject, I might refer to
President Polk's carefully considered message of
the 15th December, 1847, addressed to the House
of Representatives, whilst 1 was a member of his
Cabinet.
The power to pass the bill in question, if it exist
at all, must be derived from the power " to regu-
late commerce with foreign nations, and among
the several States, and with the Indian tribes.".
The power "to regulate." Does this ever em-
brace the power to create or to construct? To
say that it does is to confound the meaning of
words of well-known signification. The word
"regulate" has several shades of meaning, ac-
cording to its application to different subjects; but
never does it approach the signification of creative
power. The regulating power necessarily pre-
supposes the existence of something to be regu-
lated. As applied to commerce, it signifies, ac-
cording to the lexicographers, " to subject to rules
or restrictions, as to regulate trade," &c. The
Constitution itself is its own best expounder of
the meaning of words employed by its framers.
Thus, Congress have the power "to coin money."
This is the creative power. Then immediately
follows the power to regulate the value thereof
—that is, of the coined money thus brought into
existence: The words "regulate,""regulation,"
and " regulations,"occur several times in the Con-
stitution, but always with this subordinate mean-
ing. Thus, after the creative power " to raise and
support armies,"and " to provide and maintain a
navy," had been conferred upon Congress, then
follows the power "to make rules for the govern-
ment and regulation of the land and naval forces"
thus called into being. So the Constitution, acting
upon the self-evident fact that " commerce with
foreign nations, and among the several States,
and with the Indian tribes" already existed, con-
ferred upon Congress the power " to regulate"
this commerce. Thus, according to Chief Jus-
tice Marshall, the power to regulate commerce
" is the power to prescribe the rule by which com-
merce is to be governed." And Mr. Madison, in
his veto message of the 3d March, 1817, declares
that " the power to regulate commerce among the
several States cannot include a power to construct
roads and canals and to improve the navigation
of water-courses in order to facilitate, promote,
and secure such commerce without a latitude of
construction departing: from the ordinary import
of the terms, strengthened by the known incon-
veniences which doubtless le5 to the grant of this
remedial power of Congress." We know from
the history of the Constitution what these incon-
veniences were. Different States admitted foreign
imports at different rates of duty. Those which
had prescribed a higher rate of duty for the pur-
pose of increasing their revenue were defeated in
this object by the Iegislatidh of neighboring States
admitting the same foreign articles at lower rates.
Hence, jealousies and dangerous rivalries had
sprung up between the different States. It was
chiefly in the desire to provide a remedy for these
evils that the Federal Constitution originated,
The Constitution, for this purpose, conferred
upon Congress the power to regulate commerce
in such a manner that duties should be uniform
in allthe States composing the Confederacy; and,
moreover, expressly provided that no " prefer-
