2624
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 5.
to.admit them, and will be willing to trust to the
Respectability of the old States not being contam-
inated; becausc we will then have thirty-four
States, and one vagabond, probably, cannot dis-
grace the thirty-three respectable ones. Under
these circumstances I shall vote for it whenever
it shall come up in compliance with the compro-
mise commonly called the English bill, but not
before.
As Uf the appeal that is made to stop agitation,
nobody supposes that they desire to stop agita-
tion on the other side of the Chamber. This
thing did not begin in that way, and will not end
in thatv^ay. Those who colonized Kansas, when
they found Kansas secure to Free-Soilism, in-
tended to pull up stakes and camp in another field
to propagandize elsewhere, and establish Free-
Soilism in other Territories. That is their pur-
pose-!—agitation! It is upon the breath of agita-
tion they live. There is nothing to gain in that
respect. If Kansas were admtted to-day, it would
not stop agitation. They would not cease their
operations.
This whole'difficulty about Kansas has not been
one of political power, because they have it now.
If Kansas were to fail to the South, every man
knows that still they are in amajority in this Cham-
ber, so far as States are concerned, and in the
other House, and in the electoral college; and that
that majority must increase against us every day,
whether Kansas is admitted or not. It is not a
question even of political power. It is a question
of propagandist), and ot striking at slavery in the
States. The whole object of the Kansas move-
ment on the part of Massachusetts was for the
purpose of subverting the institutions of one of
the sovereign States of this Union, for which she
was in no way responsible. It was an aggressive,
hostile movement, which was propeily then met
by the Federal Government; and if those who co-
operated with us had remained true and steadfast,
there would have been better hopes of saving this
Union and restoring peace and harmony, than 1
now see in the future.
These arc the reasons, sir, that influence me in
voting against the admission of Kansas under any
• circumstanccs at this time; and I felt it due to
myself that I should state them. I thank the
Senate for the patience with which they have lis-
tened to me. I have done.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment offered by the Senator from
Missouri.
Mr. DAVIS. Let it be read.
The Secretary again lead it.
Mr. WADE. 1 do not rise for the purpose of
arguing this question, bccause nil has bevn said
upon the subject by my colleague on the commit-
tee that I wish to say. I barely desire to remind
the friends of the bill that this amendment will
have the effect to defeat the admission of this State
at this time. The people have fixed the bound-
ary, and there has been no complaint of it that I
know of up to this time. The committee were
equally divided upon the subject; but this amend-
ment is not offered by the Committee on Territo-
ries. All I wish to say, is to apprise the Senate
that this amendment will have the effect to defeat
the admission of this State. As to this objection
that is made about the boundary, it is an old ob-
jection. Every Senator upon the other side, prob-
ably, is committed upon it, as they would see if
they looked into the Globe. It is no new thing.
Mr. HUNTER. It is obvious that we are not
going; to get through with this bill to-day,and we
could probably finish the Army bill. I move,
therefore, to postpone all prior orders for the pur-
pose of taking up the military appropriation bill.
[" Oh, no."] We see that a vote cannot be ob-
tained. It is going to be debated all day.
Several Senators. Let us vote on it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The question
of boundary which has been presented, and to
which this amendment relates, is certainly a very
important one, and it has been gravely presented
to the Senate, and well argued. There is evi-
dently but a very thm Senate, and the body ought
to be full when the vote is taken. I do hope and
trust the Senate will take up something else and
consider it during the balance of the day, and let
us have a full Senate and some announcement of
the time when a vote is to be taken, at least, be-
fore we proceed to vote on this question«
Mr. WADE. I believe the Senate is full. I
believe on this side we are full, and I think they
are on the other side of the Chamber. I think
all Senators are present who are not paired off.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to suggest that if
we ever intend to get through with this matter,
especially if we intend to get through by the 18th
of June, we had better settle one question before
taking up another; and I would suggest to the
Senator from Virginia that really he had better
get this question out of the way, in order to dis-
pose, some time or other, of his appropriation
bills. If we keep mixing them up in this way
we shall get through with nothing, and never be
prepared to finish the session. As my friend
from Ohio observes, I believe every man is here,
or about here, and can be in his place, because it
was perfectly understood in the Senate that we
were to vote upon this question to-day. I know
it was so on our side.
Mr. HUNTER. The appropriation bill was
the first subject under discussion. It has been
set aside. If we had disposed of the Kansas ques-
tion yesterday, well and good; but here is a sec-
ond day spent in debating it,and it is urged, and
I think with truth, that there are seats empty on
this side. We had better go on and finish this
bill; and if Senators want a vote on this question,
let them fix some time when everybody may
know it and be present to vote.
Several Republican Senators. We are all
ready now.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Several Sena-
tors on this side are not ready.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Virginia.
Mr. IVERSON. I will suggest to the Senator
from Virginia to name some time to which the
present bill shall be postponed: make it a special
order for a particular hour to-morrow, so that
everybody may be notified, and the question can
be taken up and voted upon. 1 suggest that it be
made the special order at one o'clock to-morrow,
and everybody can be here to vote upon it, in
order to have a full vote. I move to amend the
motion of the Senator from Virginia by moving
to postpone this Kansas bill, and making it the
special order for one o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. MASON. I am not at all disposed to in-
terfere with the wishes of a majority of the Sen-
ate. I have, from usage, been disposed always
to give way to appropriation bills towards the
close of the session; but we know that there arc
reasons why we should go into executive session.
If the Senator, my colleague, who represents the
appropriation bills, does not get up his bill, 1
snail certainly not give any preference to this bill,
but will ask the Senate to go into executive ses-
sion, and there remain until they close the public
business in that branch.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is an additional rea-
son for going on with this bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. As an amend-
ment to the motion before the Senate, the Senator
from Georgia moves that the bill now before the
Senate be postponed until to-morrow, at one
o'clock, and be made the special order for that
time; and that the Senate now take up for consid-
eration the military appropriation bill.
Mr. HUNTER. That is not an amendment to
my motion. If my motion fails, then the Senator
can make his afterwards. If the Senate will, by
general agreement, agree to take a vote to-mor-
row, at one o'clock, and if that meets the views
of both sides, I am very willing to agree to it; but
otherwise, I must press my motion to postpone
all prior orders, for the purpose of taking up the
military appropriation bill.
Mr. MASON. 1 wish to say^one word. My
colleague, I take it for granted, lenows that if the
Senate fix this bill as a special order for to-mor-
row at one o'clock, wc shall not take a vote at
that time. The debate will go on. There must,
of necessity, be a great deal more debate on this
bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. None on our side.
Mr. MASON. I dare say. Your side occu-
pied four hours yesterday in a single speech; but
1 have no doubt it is to be continued on this side.
I shall certainly take part in it.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 ask that my original mo-
tion be put, that all prior orders be postponed,
and that we take up the military appropriation
bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask for the yeas and
nays. Let us see whether Senators are determ-
ined to drive us off in this way.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks the motion of the Senator frem Georgia,
as an amendment to the motion of the Senator
from Virginia, would be in order if insisted on by
him.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is now manifest, by
reason of what has fallen from the Senator from
Virginia, [Mr. Mason,] that if we ever are to get
a vote upon the admission of this new State into
the Union, we must keep the subject before the
Senate. He has now announced that it is to be
discussed. I recollect how these important meas-
ures, on former occasions, have been crowded out
by the appropriation bills. It seems as if the
appropriation bills were kept in order to be used
to defeat the most important measures to t!f^ in-
terests of the country. The homestead bill, a
year ago, was crowded out by the appropriation
bills. We never could get a vote upon it; and
now the great question of admitting a new State
into this Union is to have the go-by in order to
take up appropriation bills. If we are ever to get
a vote on this question, and to settle this contro-
verted matter, we must adhere to it. So far as
economy in time is concerned, we shall accom-
plish more business by adhering to one question,
until we finish it, than by changing. I am re-
minded by Senators around me that the Senator
from Virginia, having charge of the appropria-
tion bills, had no difficulty in giving way to a
discussion here day after day, and I may say
week after week, upon abstract propositions to
be adopted as a party platform, while this great
practical question—a question which has shaken
the Union with its consequences—is to have the
go-by for an appropriation bill at this hour of the
day. Now, sir, 1 do hope that we may keep
Kansas before the Senate until we dispose finally
of the question; and I trust that every Senator who
is disposed to Vote for the admission of Kansas
as a State upon a constitution which the people
have formed, will insist that we adhere to this
measure until we finally dispose of it.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope the friends of Kansas
will deem it wisest and best to let the question be
taken on this motion to postpone by yeas and
nays. The responsibility, of course, is with the
majority of the Senate. We shall ascertain in
that way whether we are to go on now or not.
If we shall prevail against a postponement, then,
if there is to be further debate on this bill, 1 hope
it will be 4eft to those who are not in favor of its
passage; so that, at all events, without any time
wasted upon our part with arguments against
postponements, we shall bring the question, so
far as it is upon us, to a close.
Mr. GREEN. I am really anxious to have a
vote on the Kansas bill, but I want a fair vote;
and I take it for granted no Senator wishes any-
thing else. It is a sort of party vote, in conse-
quence of certain speeches and movements made
by the Opposition; and as it is, let us have a fan-
vote. The appropriation bill is not a party ques-
tion. We expect just as much support for our
appropriation bills on the Opposition side as we
do on this, and therefore, I would like to have
the Kansas bill postponed, and let us take up the
appropriation bill. If not, however, I have some
remarks to make.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to know, if
it is designed really that we should have a vote
upon this matter, to take it up and finish it, why
the honorable Senator from Virginia objects to
having it made the special order for to-morrow at
one o clock, which is the amendment proposed
by the Senator from Georgia?
Mr. HUNTER. I do not object to that at all.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understood him to ob-
ject.
Mr. IVERSON. I will withd raw my motion,
and let the question be taken on the motion of the
Senator from Virginia.
Mr. FESSE2\I)EN. Then why does the Sen-
ator withdraw his motion, if Senators are willing
to have the vote taken at ali within a reasonable
time r We are not disposed to discuss the matter
on this side of the Chamber. If Senators want
to discuss it on the other side, they may. I have
no sort of objection to their taking as much time
in their discussion as they please; but what we
want is to have a vote on this matter. The Sen-
ator from Missouri may consider it a party vote,
