I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
239
36tii Cojtg. ... 1st Sess.
Texas Volunteer Regiment—Mr. Olin.
Ho. oi1 Reps,
record. What is the ground of complaint? What
docs the whole official correspondence show? That
here and there half a dozen Indians will steal
horses or commit some like outrage, and that Uni-
ted States troops are wanted to recapture those
horses from those Indians, and to punish the In-
dians for their theft. On a long frontier like that
of Texas, to prevent the stealing of horses, you
will have to have more than one regiment. If one
regiment were stationed upon it, the members of
that regiment would not be able to communicate
with each other once a month. You will have to
have half a dozen regiments to prevent the stealing
of horses there. Even if that number were raised
and stationed there, I doubt whether it would
prevent all such offenses as are complained of.
Mr. REAGAN. Ail we ask is, that an efficient
regiment of mounted volunteers, who are ac-
quainted with the country and the habits and
mode of warfare of the Indians, shall be raised.
If that is done they will go a great way to prevent
murders and robberies that are being committed
upon the frontier. They will pursue the Indians
into their own haunts, and, by effectively punish-
ing them, they will secure peace for the border.
Mr. OLIN. Before 1 go to another branch of
the subject, I ought to call the attention of the
committee to some facts. How many murders
have been committed? How many horses have
been stolen? If it be true that some of these re-
ports were got up for the purpose.of influencing
the action of this House, then I am free to confess
that wc ought to look upon them all with distrust.
Jt is very satisfactorily shown, in this corre-
spondence, that these contrivances were resorted
to for the purpose of influencing the public opin-
ion at home, and inciting the hatred of the whites
against these Indians, who had done nothing, and
to raise a clamor which might influence the General
Government m the appropriation of money and
troops.
Now I have said perhaps all I need say and
all that it is necessary to say. I certainly have,
if I have succeeded in calling the attention of the
House to this correspondence; and I hope gentle-
men who feel an interest in this question of ap-
propriating more than a million of money, and
initiating a system of Indian hostilities as interm-
inable as the Indian race, will, before they make up
their mind to go thus far, carefully read this corre-
spondence. 1 know it is somewhat lengthy, dull,
and uninteresting; but 1 aver,and so state the fact,
that it is entirely unparalleled in the history of the
Indian tribes of this country. We are asked to
inauguiate a system which has had no existence
heretofore in,the management of these Indian
tribes, at a time when there is no admitted hostility;
no tribes at war with the United States; no diffi-
culty, except with a few wandering vagabonds
going through the country. We arc called upon
to raise a volunteer force to -consist of these men
who have been active in fomenting these Indian
disturbances, and to commission them to hunt
these Indians down.
Sir, 1 am somewhat carefully read tip in the
history of two other Indian wars which have dis-
graced this country. I dislike them for their want
of necessity; for the outrages which characterized
them; for their expenditure of the public money;
for the ir inducing jobs of all sorts to rob and
plunder the public Treasury; wars waged without
the slightest necessity, waged for the purpose of
plunder and pillage; and then to call upon the
Government to pay the expenses of such wars.
At iiist the raising of this regiment was urged
upon the House upon the ground that it was ne-
cessary to protect the frontier of Texas against
Mexico. At the commencement of this session,
the papers were daily filled, as you all know, with
charges of gross outrages and murders committed
upon the frontier people of Texas by Mexicans;
and there was said to be the most urgent necessity
for raising this regiment to suppress such disor-
ders. It turned out at last that all those disturbances
upon the frontier of Texas originated with and
ended with the people of Texas, who first stole
property in Mexico, and then ran away with it
across the frontier into Texas. Butthathas ended,
and with it the necessity for the regiment has also
ended. There is now peace upon thnt frontier.
The spark which my friend from Iowa [Mr. Cur-
tis] was snuffing has gone out; leaving, of course,
a disagreeable smell to those who desired a vol-
unteer force.
After that necessity was removed, this project
is urged upon us as of pressing necessity to guard
the frontier of Texas against the Indians. It was
pressed—and I say it openly here—it was pressed
m the Committee on Military Affairs, not upon
the ground that an additional force was required
beyond what the General Government has already
provided, but on the ground that the Army ot the
United States was entirely worthless for all the
purposes of repelling Indian hostilities. 1 did
undertake to say in Committee of the Whole that
we should not keep up this flying artillery, cs-
specially when it was for mere amusement and
show; or at least, if kept up, that they should not
be sent off where rations wore five or six times as
high as in the city of Nov/ York, where, if permit-
ted to remain, they would,in their parades, amuse
the people there. I assert, upon the authority of
an otficcr of that regiment, that they have not per-
formed one paiticle of service since the close of
the Mexican war. They are mounted upon the
best horses the country can afford, and they are
equipped and furnished in the best manner the in-
genuity of the service can devise. They use up
in their drilling service, annually, some sixty thou-
sand dollars5 worth of horses, and they are scat-
tered all around the country—three or four com-
panies at Fort Leavenworth, one in California,
one in Mexico, and one in Uta|i. They do noth-
ing, and are expected to do nothing; and I b.elievc,
in this particular, abundantly jifKify the expect-
ations of the country. Every man at all familiar
with military service knows that they can be used
for no purpose other than ngainst large bodies of
men. Then they are an efficient arm of the ser-
vice. Perhaps it may be necessary to keep up
this regiment in time of peace.
Mr. CURTIS. I am surprised that the gentle-
man from New Yoik should talk of the artillery
ol the Army as he does. No bianch of the ser-
vice was more efficient in time of war, and, m
my opinion, none would be more efficient upon
the Mexican frontier. The Indians and every-
body else would, of course, keep out of their
way. The Indians are not going to light these
"guns on wheels.If the artillery arm has done-
no service since the Mexican war, it is no fault of
theirs. A few chaigesof grape and canister would,
m my judgment, be an excellent restorative,if
properly administered, in the camp of the wild
Camanehes. I would send the artillery also on
the frontier, and let them practice their " flying"
propensities m pursuit of the Camanehes, and,my
word for it, they would be felt and feared by the
Indians, as th,ey were by the Mexicans.
Mr. OLIN. Sir, the War Department has not
taken the advice of my friend from Iowa; but he
has suggested a difficulty in the way, and that is,
that when they are sought to he used against the j
Indians the Indians run away—they are not there, j
That is the reason theyha\e not been used. But j
there is no earthly reason why these men should j
not.be put into seiviee. These men are admirably !
trained to ride horses; they are not like the Inslumd ,
Dutch, as the gentleman say?, in your Aimy, who '
fall off their horses if they are not tied on. They j
are admirably adapted to this kind of service, and
all they want is one ol Maynurd's rifles. Accus- j
tomed to the use of that, these troops could be !
sent to Texas. At any rate, the companies at |
Fort Leavenworth could be j;ent to Texas before
you could organize and drill another company of
volunteers. Indeed, I believe that Captain Ford,
now m command of some Tcxos rangers, some-
what conspicuous m these troubles, is now across
the Mexican frontier. This correspondence shows
him engaged, if not in protecting the whites against
the Indians, at least in protecting them against
the civil process of the courts.
Mr. REAGAN. 1 will say to the gentleman that
Captain Ford is an old and gallant frontiersman—
as honorable a man as there is in the Unii ted States,
and who wouldscorn to doan unjust or improper j
act, or defy the public authority in the least dcg&e. !
And I must ask the gentleman again not to make j
such representations upon this floor, for there, is |
no earthly foundation for them. I hope he will |
choose another occasion, when there are not such |
vital interests at stake, for indulgence m such line |
of remark. i
Mr. OLIN. Listen one moment. From j ^
604, of the correspondence to which I have re-
ferred, I read the following :
" I inclose, for your information, a eopy of a letter from
Captain Ford, ot' the Texas rangers, who is now in service
under the Sate authorities, the perusal of which will sliow
you how far he considers himself under the control ot the
civil authorities. The course pursued by that offieer, and
the men under his command, so far from sustaining the ju-
diciary in the execution ot the civil law of the land, has
done much to embairass them in their action, and to de-
feat the ends ofjustice, by sympathizing with the murder-
eid of the Indians; yet Captain Ford and his command
expect that the General Government will repay to the State
ot Texas the amount expanded by the State to maintain
them m their lawless course, on the plea of frontier de-
fense."
Such is the testimony that is furnished to the
Department in reference to this man.
Mr. REAGAN. I say to the gentleman that,
there is no single fact stated in that correspond-
ence to the prejudice of Captain Ford, and X con-
fidently challenge the woilA, to produce one sin-
gle instance in the conduct of Captain Ford in
which ho has set the law at defiance or foiled to
discharge his duty so far as he could discharge it.
Mr. OLIN. 1 did not read the whole letter;
and in that and other letters the conduct of these
parties is detailed, and the charge is abundantly
made out. If the facts stated are true, not only
has Captain Ford, but those other men, taken
every opportunity to set at defiance the public
authority, so far as there wasa faint attempt made
to put in execution the laws against these men.
Mr, Chairman, I should have closed some time
ago, but for the constant interruptions of gentle-
men. I have nothing further to add, except to
repeat my sincere desire that gentlemen will take
up and examine this correspondence. They will
then have an intelligible state of facts presented
before them, which will enable them to vote upon
this question, as to the propriety of raising this
Texas regiment. If they think it worth while to
abandon the further use of the Army for every
purpose for which it has been hitherto maintained
and kept, and to say that whenever an occasion
offers, whenever small outrages of this kind are
committed, the Army shall standstill and look
on, and a volunteer force shall be employed, at
the expense of the General Government, to do
what it was supposed the Army would do, and
what an army ought to do if kept up—if the
House is willing to take that view of the ques-
tion, then it will sustain the amendment of the
Senate. This subject, I know, has been perti-
naciously urged upon the committee, and an im-
portance has been attempted to be thrown around
it, and a significance given to it, for which, in my
judgment, there was no necessity. I know there
is very little disposition in the country to increase
the regular standing Army. There is little dispo-
sition, in my judgment, either North or South, to '
do that. A standing army is, at the best, but a
necessary evil; and where there is least of it,
there is generally more security. All the use that
wc have had for an Army, for the last six years,
h3s been to dragoon the people into a base com-
pliance with Executive dictation—a use as dis-
honorable to the Army as it wag to those who di-
rected it.
Hut I will say, to the credit of that Department
generally, and the officers in command of it, that
there is not one, m my judgment, who would
sanction a measure of this kind. I do net know
how they may feel about speaking of it here,
where it is known that one word of dissent from
the views or wishes of the head of the Department
is a sentence of banishment from this capital. I
do not know how far they will talk upon this
subjcct;but if they will talk, you will not find one
man of them, exccpt he may belong to the super-
annuated corps, who would recommend this meas- '
ure, winch is as disgraceful and dishonorable to
the Army as any proposition can well be. These
men,thus educated, thus trained, thus schooled in
everything pertaining to their line of duty, are to
be set aside for such men as Captain Baylor and
his associates, who can creep upon a camp of
Indian women and children, and,before their eyes
are opened from their sleep, put them to 4t that,
sleep which knows no waking."
Mr. REAGAN. The gentleman from New
York will allow me to say that Captain Ford was
not there, and had nothing to do with that trans-
