THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. HIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
New Series.....No. 165.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, JUNE 6, 1860.
or just what gentlemen please to make it. It
makes no difference to us. We want to carry
our own views in reference to this matter, and do
what we can to bring this State into the Union
now. A minority cannot do it; and if we are a
minority, there is an end of it. We shall have
done our duty. Although a member of the Com-
mittee on Finance—and I think the Senator from
Virginia will bear me witness that, on most oc-
casions, I try to aid him in getting these bills up
and passed as soon as possible—yet I dislike to
see them interposed directly in the way of so im-
portant a measure—important, in our view, to be
passed at a particular time—while I have seen
them give way to what I conceive to be unim-
portant measures, on the other side of the House,
on more pressing emergencies than this, and when
we had less time to dispose of them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
of the Senator from Georgia being withdrawn,
the question before the Senate is the motion of the
Senator from Virginia, to postpone the present
and all prior orders for the purpose of taking up
the military appropriation bill.
Mr. SEWARD and Mr. WADE called for the
yeas and nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. BIGLER. Before voting on this question,
I desire to remark, that under other circumstances
I should certainly vote against the amendment of
the Senator from Virginia; but, sir, it is hardly
reasonable to suppose that on this question we
could have the vote when this side of the Senate
is so thin. 1 do not know where Senators may
be; whether it is possible fo gather them up in
time for the vote. For myself, I have no disposi-
tion whatever to procrastinate the vote on this
question, or defer it to any other measure; but
there are Senators absent who I know are very
anxious to vote upon it. One or two, I think,
cannot possibly be here, and I take it it is hardly
seriously intended or expected that we shall have
a vote when this side of the Senate is so thin. I
say this much in explanation of my vote, for I shall
vote to consider this subject, fairly to-morrow or
on any other tiny. I am willing to consent to
almost any day or hour to vote finally upon it,
but I do not think it is proper to vote with so thin
a Senate. For that reason, unless the absent Sen-
ators can appear here, I shall vote for the motion
of the Senator from Virginia.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish to state, as the name of
the Senator fioin Alabama [Mr. Clay] is called,
that he is absent and will not be able to attend;
and that, domestic affliction detaining the Senator
from Illinois [Mr. Douglas] from his seat, ac-
cording to a message received from him, I have
paired the Senator from Illinois and the Senator
from Alabama against each other. They will be
considered, therefore, as being paired off on the
question of Kansas.
The result was then announced—yeas 32, nays
27*, as follows:
YEAS—3Iessis. Benjamin, Bigler, Bragg, Bright, Brown,
Chesnut, Clingman, Davis, Fitch, Fitzpatrick, Green,
Gwtn, Hammond, Ilcfupliill, Hunter, Iverson, Johnson ot
Arkansas Johnson of Tennessee, Kennedy, Lane, Mal-
lory, JVXa>on, Peatce, Polk, Powell, llice, Saulsbury, Se-
bastian, Shdell, Toombs, \V g?alJ, and Yulee—32.
NAYS—Mg^is. Anthony, Bingham, Cameron, Chand-
ler, Ciark, Collarnei, Dixon, Doolittle, Duikce, Fessenden,
Foot, Foster, Gnme<, Hale, Hamlin, Harlan, King, Lath-
am, Push, Soward, Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyek, Tium-
bull, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—27.
So the motion was agreed to.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL. -
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Army ap-
propriation bill is now before the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Did the motion to post-
pone other business necessarily take up this bill?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair put
the question as one motion, as is usual in the Sen-
ate. The understanding of the Chair is that one
motion decides both questions—both to postpone
and take up—when made in that manner.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This morning I voted
against postponing the special order, which was
165
the Kansas bill, in order to continue the consid-
eration of the bill in regard to the Houmas land
claims in Louisiana, of which the Senator from
Georgia [Mr. Toombs] has charge; but since the
Kansas bill has been postponed, I am entirely
willing to go on with that bill and finish one
measure at a time. Therefore, I will move to
postpone, if that is the business now before the
Senate, the Army appropriation bill, for the pur-
pose of proceeding to the consideration of the bill
in regard to the Houmas land grant; and I hope,
if the Senate should take it up, that they will con-
tinue it until we finish that measure.
While I am upon the floor, I wish to make one
remark in regard to the postponement of the Kan-
sas question. Some Senators, and the Senator
from Pennsylvania in particular, announced that
they should vote to postpone that bill, because the
Senate was not full. Now, sir, I wish the coun-
try to "labor under no misapprehension. Sixty
votes were cast 011 that question, I think the
largest vote given in the Senate 
Mr. MASON. I call the Senator to order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Virginia will please state his pointof order.
Mr. MASON. 1 understand that the military
appropriation bill is before the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 have submitted a mo-
tion. I will hear the Senator's point of order,
however, that we may know what it is.
Mr. MASON. I understood the Chair to de-
cide that themilitary appropriation bill was before
the Senate. If the Senator made a motion, I did
not hear it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did make a motion.
Mr. BIGLER. Mr. President 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I believe I am entitled to
the floor.
Mr. BIGLER. I hope the Senator will per-
mit me a moment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will be through in a
moment. I wish to state one fact.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Illinois give way to the Senator from
Pennsylvania?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir; if he desires it.
I was going to occupy but a moment.
Mr. BIGLER. As the Senator from Illinois
made direct reference to a remark of mine, per-
haps it is right that I should explain what I said.
I said in all sincerity, at the time I made those
remarks, that the Senate on this side was cer-
tainly very thin. The Senator from Illinois will
remember that I said I did not know whether the
Senators were about the Hall, and could be brought
in in time to vote; but that it was hardly reason-
able to suppose we could get a vote, this side of
the Senate being so thin. My impression was,
that if we continued that bill, it would only lead
to continued debate, and that there would be no
vote. I did not know, until the Senator from
Mississippi made the statement, that the Senator
from Alabama, [Mr. Clay,] who is not present,
and the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Douglas] had
paired off. I had in view the Senator from Ala-
bama, and more especially the Senator from New
Jersey, [Mr. Thomson,] who were anxious to
vote 011 this question. But, sir, so far as relates
to myself, I can settle all this question at once. I
said, when on the floor before, that I would vote
to make this the order for any day or any hour
to vote on it; for I intend to vote for the admis-
sion of Kansas. One motive that I had 111 voting
for the postponement was to look a little further
into some of the positions taken by the Senator
from Missouri. 1 wish to consider this question
fairly, and will take it up to-morrow, or any other
day, and adhere to it until it is finally disposed of.
That has been my position from the beginning.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is now postponed, with-
out being fixed for any particular day at all; and
the Senator from Pennsylvania certainly knows
that one of the most effectual ways of defeating a
measure is by these postponements. The friends
ofKansas are here to-day; and if those Senators
who, as we understand, are inclined to vote for
the admission o4" Kansas upon a direct vote, will
keep it before the Senate, and give us a direct
vote, the State can be admitted; but it can never
be admitted if they will unite with other Senators
to postpone it for other business. I wish the
country to know that this Kansas question does
have the go-by, and that it is postponed now in-
definitely, to no particular time. The proposi-
tion to make it the special order for to-morrow,
atone o'clock, was withdrawn. It is not renewed
by the Senator from Pennsylvania; and if he
wants this question disposed of, he voted in the
affirmative. He has seen, by the yeas and nays,
a larger vote given to-day than I think has been
given on any occasion during the present session
of Congress. I scarce remember an instance
where sixty votes have been given on a call of
the yeas and nays in the Senate, and two paired.
Now, sir, as it is manifest to my mind that the
effect of this is the defeat of Kansas, and not the
urgency of the Army appropriation bill, which
will always have an opportunity to be considered,
I move to postpone the Army appropriation bill,
and take up the unfinished business which wo
were upon at twelve o'clock when the Kansas
question was called up.
Mr. W1GFALL. Before taking the vote*on
that question, I merely want to draw the atten-
tion of the Senator who has just addressed the
Senate to one fact. He speaks of the Army ap-
propriation bill being taken up as a fixed fact, a
matter about which there is no doubt. Now, sir,
it is only a few years since the Army appropri-
ation bill was defeated, and Congress actually
adjourned without passing it, leaving the whole
defenses of the country unprovided for, and the
Army to be disbanded, and an extra session was
called. It is only the last session that the appro-
priation for'the Post Office was defeated; and there
was 110 extra session, and 110 appropriation for
twelve months. It is not, therefore, a foregone
conclusion that these appropriation bills will be
taken up.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Texas
will remember that it was by reason of refusing
to do justice to Kansas, as now seems to be the
disposition, that the Army appropriation bill was
defeated. It was in consequence of the outrages
in Kansas, which the Senate refused to redress,
that your Army appropriation bill was defeated,
the House refusing, and properly refusing, to ap-
propriate money to enforce a code of laws in that
Territory enacted by a set of usurpers.
Mr. WIGFALL. I think it was precisely for
the reason that the Senator has given—because
the House refused to do justice in Kansas. The
Army was to be used for the purpose of en-
forcing the laws of his country against a set of
Black Republicans and traitors and murderers and
thieves. Men had disqualified themselves, and
refused to put on the garb of the elective franchise
by swearing that they would obey the Constitu-
tion of the United States and the laws of Con-
gress, and because it was apprehended on the part
of those who sustained them that the Army would
be used for the purpose of enforcing the laws; it
was for that reason that the bill was defeated.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to suggest, with
reference particularly to the loss of the Post Of-
fice appropriation hill, and the very short time we
had in which to consider it, that it was owing, in
a great degree, to the appropriation bills having
given way to the consideration of the important
matter of purchasing Cuba, against all the pro-
testations on this side of the Chamber, and not
through any other.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the Senate
ready for the question ?
Mr. GREEN. I have but one remark to make.
If this bill is postponed, and this other question
brought up ogam, it will lead to a debate that will
consume the balance of the day.
Mr. COLLAMER. Let us vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is 011 the motion of the Senator from Illinois to
postpone the military appropriation bill and ttll
other prior orders, with a view to take up the bill
in relation to the Houmas land grant.
