1682
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
their purchase to the revenue; but they thereby
acquire no interest in the Treasury, because they
are not citizens and not entitled to participate in
the Government. The Indian thus contributes;
yet he cannot vote; he can have nothing to do with
the distribution of the money. The foreigner
thus contributes; and yet he can have nothing to
do with tlie distribution of the revenue. A negro
thus contributes; and he has nothing to 80 with
the Government. They are all 011 the same foot-
ing. There is no hardship in it at all.
I appeal again to gentlemen on the other side,
if they really want to see this bill passed, to with-
draw these propositions. I appeal not for myself,
but I appeal in behalf of those five thousand chil-
dren who are interested.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Will the honorable Sen-
ator from Mississippi give way for a moment ? I
would like to msiko an inquiry of the Senator from
Mississippi, if he knows how the free colored
children of the city arc now being educated. Are
there schools f«r them in the District? Is it the
pastors of the colored churches that have charge
of them ?
Mr. BROWN. I do not know. I was never
specially charged with the inquiry. I understand
they have schools of their own to which many of
them go.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. With the Senator's leave,
I desire to say a single word. There is a diffi-
culty in leaving out any property in the District
from taxation. I know not myself how the courts
would ,decide as to the legality and validity of a
tax which excepted a portion of the real estate of
the District. They might perhaps decide that it
was illegal. Many* of the constitutions of the
States certainly provide that taxation shall be uni-
form; that all the property shall be taxed belong-
ing to individuals. There may be a difficulty
about that.
Mr. BROWN. 1 think I can relieve the Sen-
ator. Certainly, what he says is true of all the
State constitutions; they provide that taxation
shall be equal; but does he not know that every
State of the Union constantly and habitually ex-
empts certain property from taxation—for in-
stance, church property? I think it is exempt
from taxation in all the States. Property belong-
ing to charitable institutions is almost invariably
exempt from taxation; and there was never a con-
stitutional question raised abut it.
Mr. POLK. Mr. President, I should like to
ask the Senator from Iowa a question. I under-
stand from the remaks of the Senator from Iowa,
that in his State the State raises money by tax-
ation and appropriates it for purposes of educa-
tion. I should like to know from him if, 111 his
State, the money that is thus raised, or any part
of it, can be appropriated by law for the purpose
S>{educating free blacks.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 respond very cheerfully.
The school laws of Iowa provide thatall children
shall be educated. ]f the citizens of any school
district, or any one citizen of a district, a white
man, objects to the introduction of colored chil-
dren into a school, it becomes then the duly of the
officers to provide a separate school for the edu-
cation of the colored children. Their education
is provided for in common with the others; but if
any citizen of a school district objects to the in-
troduction of a colored child into a school, it cre-
ates a necessity for the organization of a separate
school, or a provision for the separate education
of that, colored child.
Mr. POLK. Then, is a provision made for the
ratio in which the fund is distributed ? How is
that >
Mr. HARLAN. Tho fund is apportioned by
the State to the countics, and by the counties to
the districts, in proportion to population, ascer-
tained by the local school officers. It is based ;
rather on the minor population of the various dig- j
tncts; and, of course, what few colored children !
there arc in the State are counted with the white !
children in that estimate. " i
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, the propositions,
both the main one contained ifl the bill and that
contained in the amendment, I think, rest on two
fundamental errors: in the first place, that our
Government was instituted for eleemosynary pur-
poses, and 111 the next place, that it was instituted
for a mixed race. This Government was not
founded by negroes nor for negroes, but by white
men for white men. It was not founded for elee-
mosynary purposes, but as an agent of the States;
and there is no right to take one dollar from the
Treasury to appropriate it to public schools.
Mr. HARLAN. I inquire, with the Senator's
permission, if there is a right to take money from
the public Treasury to sustain a penitentiary in
this District for the punishment of persons who
have committed ciimes within the District?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly; I think so. It is
necessary to preserve order at the seat of Govern-
ment. Jails and penitentiaries are essential to
that end; but to establish a system of education
to take care of the children, of any color, is not
within the provisions of this Government, here
or elsewhere.
Mr. BROWN. If my colleague will allow me,
just at that point I ask him whether he considers
the support of a lunatic asylum an eleemosynary
purpose? There is one in the District sustained
by the Government. Whether the support of a
blind asylum is an eleemosynary purpose ? There
is one here, sustained, in part at least, by the
Government.
Mr. DAVIS. Indulging gentlemen with these
needless interruptions, the legislation in relation to
the lunatic asylum must show to the chairman of
the Committee 011 the District of Columbia what it
was for. It was not only for the insane of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, but for the Army and Navy—
persons in the employment of tho, Government;
and the answer to that is like that to the Senator
from Iowa. [Mr. Brown rose.] If my colleague
wants to speak now, I will stop.
Mr. BROWN. 1 have no anxiety to speak;
but I will say this: if it will save this bill from
criticism, we will take in the children of the Army
and Navy.
Mr. DAVIS. It will not save the bill from
criticism.""" I say, though, that when I have the
floor, I desire to finish a sentence without being
intenupted.
Mr. BROWN. I did not interrupt my col-
league until he intimated his desire to give way.
Mr. DAVIS. Exactly; I had given way once;
and to ask me to do it another time, before I had
completed a sentence, was rather over much.
Mr. BROWN. Very well; go on.
Mr. DAVIS. I intend to criticise tho bill. It
is my right. The errors are fundamental on whioh
the bill rests; and these errors have been devel-
oped by the alliance which it has brought from
the other side, developing, as a consequence of
the very proposition, this controversy as to the
rights of the whites, and the equality of the ne-
groes. I do not choose to argue with any one
who thinks proper to assert the equality of the
negro and the white man. The man who makes
the assertion may prove to me his equality with
the negro. He proves to me 110 more; and I ac-
cept his argument only for so much.
But the Senator from Iowa insists that there is
injustice marking the legislation of States, who in
the exorcise of their sovereign power have thought
property discriminate between the races. When
Alfonso, misnamed the Wise, announced that if
the Deity had consulted him upon the creation of
the globe, he could have saved Him from a great
many errors, he but committed such an offense as
the Senator from Iowa does when ho thus arraigns
the inequality of the white and black races-
stamped from the beginning, marked in decree and
prophecy—the will of God which the puny efforts
of man have in vain attempted to subvert—con-
firmed by history through allits successive stages,
until we reach the remote period where it is only
to be drawn from the pictorial monuments of tho
people who then existed.
When Cain, for the commission of the iirstgreat
crime, was driven from the face of Adam, no longer
the lit associate of those who wore created to ex-
ercise dominion over the earth, he found in the land
of Nod those to whom his crime had degraded him
to ail equality; and when the low and vulgar son
of Noah, who laughed at his father's exposure,
sunk by debasing himself and his lineage by a
connection with an inferior race ofmen, he doomed
his descendants to perpetual slavery. Noahspokc
the decree, or prophecy, as gentlemen may choose
to consider it, one or the other.
In this District of Columbia you have but to
go to the jail and find there, by those who fill it,
the result of relieving the negro from that control
which keeps him in his own healthy and useful
condition. It is idle to assume that it is the want
of education: it is the natural inferiority of the race;
and the same proof exists wherever that race has
been left tlio master of itself—sinking into bar-
barism or into the commission of crime, as ithap-
pens to be isolated or in contact with those upon
whom it could prey for subsistence.
Why, then, this attempt in the District of Colum-
bia to overturn the lawsof nature, as declared by all
the knowledge which wepossess, revealedand his-
torical? Why this attempt to introduce the ideas of
philanthropy—which communities have the right
to inculcate and entertain, if they please—and to
plant them upon the seat of Government, where
the representatives of the States assemble, and
have a right to expect that the institutions of the
people whom they represent are not here to bs
violated and insulted? It is but one of the many
evidences, which daily events bring to us, of the
hastening of that period when our brethren shall
no longer stand united as the descendants of 0110
ancestry, and the maintainers of one Government.
Can it be expected, sir, that we, the represent-
atives of sovereign States, will agree here, at the
seat of Government, to assemble and hear the
question argued as to tho equality of the races,
and whether children arc to be put upon the same
footing; to see a policy instituted, violative of every
principle of the Constitution of the United States
and the history of its foundation, which confounds
the difference between the races, and makes our's
an institution which shall be mongrel white and
negro? From what race of these States have the
men descended who make this argument? Not
from the old Puritan blood, which asserted its
supremacy both against the negro and the Indian;
asserted its supremacy under Catholics, nor tho
severest trials to which colonists were ever sub-
jected; not the cavaliers, nor the Quakers, nor
the younger sons of noble families, who peopled
different colonies; for in all of them they asserted
their supremacy as a race, and only permitted
emancipation within their limits when the negro
slave had ceased, to them, to be profitable. This
pseudo philanthropy is an excrescence upon the
American mind, sprung from a foreign germ, inoc-
ulatedhere to the destruction of the healthygrowth
of our political tree.
Even in those States which the Senators repre-
sent, who have been most active in this enter-
prise, the negro is excluded from admission into a
portion of them, and his equality is recognized
nowhere. In the law, sometimes, it has been
attempted to declare their equality; but in fact, so-
cially, and as a practical question, I say it is done
nowhere. In some Stated—not, as has been rep-
resented, those which hold slaves, but those where
slaves are not held, the people, in their own wis-
dom, have found that this free negro population
would be an injury to them, and they resolved that
they would not allow it to come among them. In
the State of Massachusetts, which, in its legisla-
tion, has led upon this question, outside of the
cities you will scarcely ever find n negro; and save
here and there, where some man has been led away
by a sickly sentimentality, you will find no white
man worthy of the name who is willing to admit
the equality of the negro race. About the cities,
from the inferiority of their nature, and the depend-
ence which belongs to their inferiority, they con-
gregate under the lead of the white man, following
his beck and will, whether they be declared free
by law or not.
Do gentlemen need more to convince them of
tho distinction between the races> Do they hope,
offending against ail tho teachings of history;
against the marks of God; in violation of the Con-
stitution; and by trampling upon the feelings of
the southern representatives here, to found in the
District of Columbia an experimental establish-
ment to disprove the inequality of the races? If
not, why the amendment of the Senator from New
Hampshire? Why does he assume to put negro
children in a condition which claims from us legis-
lation and instruction > I am not answered by
saying they may go to different schools. What
right have you to take charge of^that race at all?
Where do you get your authority ? The Govern-
ment was not made for them. They were not
represented in the formation of the Government
save as property, now holding that joint relation
of persons and property which establishes a three-
fifths representation for the southern States.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I have not
taken part in this debate; nor do I mean now to
