062
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
The SPEAKER." In the opinion of the Chair,
the practice has been in accordance with the pend-
ing resolution, and there is no necessity that this
notice should be delayed until a Clerk is elected.
The present Clerk can communicate the message
to the Senate.
Mr. HOUSTON. With the permission of the
gentleman from Virginia, I desire to say that the
point seems to be that the present Clerk can re,-
cord the proceedings of the House until a Clerk
is elected, but that he is not competent to act as
Glerk for the purpose of transacting business.
We hare no power to transact business; but in
everything connected with the organization of the
House, including the election of Clerk, this Clerk
is competent to do just as he has been doing from
the beginning.
The SPEAKER. If there is no appeal from
the decision'Of the Chair, no debate is now in
order pending the previous question.
Mr. SMrfH, of Virginia. I shall take 110
appeal.
Mr. .T0IIN COCHRANE. 1 ask my colleague
from New York to withdraw the previous ques-
tion for a moment, under the promise that I will
renew it.
Mr. FENTON. I will do so. -
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I desire to say n
word or two to this side of the House, in answer
to the remarks wluch have fallen from my friend
from Virginia, [Mr. Smith.] There can be no
question that there can be no business transacted
by the House until the election of a Clerk. The
other question is, whether this resolution is busi-
ness. Now, I will illustrate, and the illustration,
1 think, is the argument of the case. By the au-
thority of the House, until this present time, and
I hereafter, upon the assemblage of the House every
morning, its messenger runs up the flag over the
Capitol while the House is m session. Is that
business? Now, sir, I say this, that the pending
resolution contemplates nothing more or less than
a messenger to inform the Senate that the House
has elected its Speaker. There is the whole argu-
ment; and it is no more business in this instance,
than it is business in the other instance, to author-
ize a messenger to run up the flag of the House.
I now renew the call for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the resolution was adopted.
COMMITTEE TO WAIT ON THE PRESIDENT.
Mr GROW. I rise to offer another resolution,
which it is customary to offer, and which has been
offered at the opening of every Congress, under
the same circumstances in which we find ourselves
now. But before I do that, I desire to give notice
that to-morrow, or on some subsequent day, I
shall introduce a bill to secure homesteads to
actual settlers upon the public domain.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I wish to
give notice that to-morrow, or 011 some subse-
quent day, I shall introduce a bill to amend the
steamboat law; and also a bill for the improve-
ment of rivers and harbors.
The resolution was then read, as follows;
Resolved, That a committee be appointed on the part of
the House, to join sucli committee as may he appointed on
the part of the Senate, to wait upon the President of the Uni-
ted States, and inform lnm that a quotum of the two lIouse-4
is assembled, and that Congress is ready to receive any
communication lie may be pleaded to make.
Mr. GROW. I move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the resolution was adopted.
Messrs. Grow, Miles, and Etheridge, were
subsequently appointed such committee 011 the
part of the House.
ELECTION 01' CLERK.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the. House do
now proceed to vote viva vocc for Clerk for the
Thirty-Sixth Congress, and on that I call the
previous question.
Mr. GARTRELL. Before that question is
put, I move that there be a call of the House.
Voices from the Republican benches, " No ob-
jection to that!" "That is right!" "Nobody
objects!"
The motion was agreed to.
The roll was called; and the following members
failed to answer to their names;
Messrs. Branch, Brown. Burroughs, Clark B. Cochrane,
Edgerton, Ilmdman. Kunkci, Elbert S- Martin, McPherson,
Pugh, Stalhvorth, Underwood, and Windom.
During the call,
Mr. MOORHEAD stated that his colleague,
Mr. McPherson, was confined to his bed by sick-
ness, and was paired off for the day with Mr.
Hindsian.
Mr. OLIN stated that he had paired ofT with
Mr. Branch.
Mr. JACKSON stated that his colleague, Mr.
Underwood, had paired off with Mr. Corwin.
Mr. FRENCH .stated that Mr. Windom had
paired off withMr. Kunkel till Wednesday week,
at noon.
Mr. HOWARD stated that ho had paired off
for tho day with Mr. P>tjriioughs.
Mr. WINSLOW moved to dispense with fur-
ther proceedings in the call.
Mr. BOCOCK. I call for the yeas and nays 011
that motion. There are several gentlemen who
have not come in, and I want to have the yeas
and nays called, in order to give them time to be
picsent.
Mr. HOUSTON. One of my colleagues [Mr.
ptrgh] is absent, and he told me that a gentleman
from Iowa, probably Mr. Curtis, was to pair lnm.
Mr. CURTIS. I have not yet secured a pair
for Mr. Pitgii. He did request that I should do
so. He is the only man, I believe, for whom I
was spoken to. .
Mr. HOUSTON. I saw my colleague last night.
He told me he was going to leave this morning.
1 urged him not to do so, but he told mc that Mr.
Curtis had promised to get him a pair. ®TIc said
he would remain, but that he had 110 doubt the
gentleman with whom he might be paired would
leave this morning, and he could not vote if he
should stay.
Mr. CURTIS. I distinctly told the honorable
gentleman that I would do what I could to secure
nim a pair. I hope he did not conclude from
that, that I would certainly do so. I have been
just speaking to-my friends on this side to see if
I could pair him. I have not paired with any
muu myself; but I certainly did not agree to pair
with lum.
Mr. HOUSTON. I did not say that my col-
league told me that the gentleman from Iowa had
pledged himself to pair with him, or to get him a
pair; but that he told him he was satisfied he could
get him a pair. He was satisfied, at least in his
own mind, that he was paired. I saw him last
evening at nine o'clock, and he was satisfied there
was no difficulty about his pair, although he did
not say that the gentleman from Iowa was pledged
to it.
Mr. CURTIS. I certainly gave him no ground
for so extended an expectation. I was very care-
ful to say that I would do all 1 could possibly do,
and I expressed to him my belief tlmtsueh a thing
was probable.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is what lie told me.
Mr CURTIS. But 1 could not have gone any
further than that, I am satisfied. From the very
fact that I did not say I would pair off with him
myself, he must have known that the matter was
still an open question.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is the way he under-
stood it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken: and it was decided m
the affirmative—yeas 147, nays G9; as follows:
.YEAS—.Messrs. CliailcsF.Adamh,Giccn Adams, Adrain,
Allon, Allev, WilliamC. Anderson, Ashley, Babbitt, Barks-
Barrett, Bealo, Bmcliam, BUui, Blake, Bidbson,
NAYS—Messrs. Thomas L. Anderson, Ashmore. Avery,
Bocock, Bonham, Boteler, Bouligny. Boyee, Bureh, John
B. Clark, Clemens, Clopton, Cobb, Cooper, Burton Craige,
Crawford, Reuben Davis, DeJamette, Edmundson, Flor-
ence, Gainett, -Gartrell, Hamilton, Hardeman, John r.
Harris, Hatton, Hawkins, Hill, Houston, Jackson, Jones,
ICcitt, Landrum, Larrabee, Logan, Love, McClernand,
McQueen, McRae, Miles, Isaac N. Morris, Niblaek,Noell,
Pevton, Phelps, Potter, Pryor, Uuarles, Reagan, Riggs,
_ - .... n..a;„ a^QinL-lnc Simms.
dale, Barr,  , , - ,
Brnyton, Brisks, Bn-tow, Buthnton, Buihngame, Burnett,
Burnham, Buttcvileld. Campbell, Carey, Caiter,Case,Hor-
ace F. Clark, John Cochins, Colfax. Conklinir, Covode,
Cox, James Cuusj, Cunv, Curtis Davidson, II. Winter
Davis. John G Davis Dawes, Delano, Dinimick, Duell,
Dunn,Edgeiton, Eliot, Elv, English, X^thendg'^Fainsworth,
Fenton. Feiry. Foster, Fiank, French, Gihnei, Gooch, Gra-
ham, Grow, Gurlev, Ilalo, Hall, Heimiek, Hick-
man, Iloaul, Holinan, Hughes, Ilumpjirev, Hutchms,
Irvine, Jenkins, Junkin, Francis W. Kellogg, William
Kellogg, Kenyon, lulgore, Killinger, Lamar, D.'WittC.
Leach, James M Leach, Leake, Lee, Longnecker,Loomi«,
Lovejoy, Maelay, Mailory, Marston, Charles D. Martin,
Maynard, McICean, MeKnight, Miilson, MilUvard, Mont-
gomery, Laban T. Moore, Sydenham Moore, Moorhead,
Morrill, Edward Joy Morris, Morse, Nelson, Nixon, Palmer,
Pendleton, Perry, Pettit, Porter, Pottle, Reynolds, Rice,
Christopher Robinson, Royee, Schwartz, Seranton, Sedg-
wick, Sherman, Somes, Spaulding, Spinner, Stanton,
Stevens, Stevenson, William Stewart, Stokes, Stratton,
Tappan, Thayer, Theakei, Tompkins, Train, Trimble,
Vaiulever, Van Wyck, Veiree, Wade, Waldron, Walton,
Cadwalader C Washburn, Ellihu B. Washbume, Israel
Washburn, Wells, Wilson, Wood, and Woodruff—147.
James U. itoumson, itumn, ivusi, own,
Singleton, William Smith, William N. H. Smith, James A.
Stewart, Stout, Taylor, Thomas, Vallandigham, Vance,
Webster, Whiteley/Woodson, and Wright—69.
So all further proceedings in the call were dis-
pensed with.
During the vote,
Mr.CORWIN stated thathehadpairedoff with
Mr. Underwood on the question of the election
of officers; and as lie understood this question was
connected with that subject, he did not feel author-
ized to vote.
Tho question recurred on Mr. Sherman s mo-
tl0The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; wh h was, " Shall the
House proceed to vote viva voce for Clerk ?"
The SPEAKER announced that the motion
was agreed to.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I called for the yeas
and nays on the question. [Cries of " Too late. ]
I was on the floor calling for the yeas and nays
when the Chair declared the motion carried.
The SPEAKER. The Chair believes the call
was made in time.
Mr. SCHWARTZ. I nominate for Cleric 
Voices all over the Hall. "Not in order at
present."
Mr. FLORENCE. Hold on. Wo are not
ready yet. .
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, called for
tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Olin and
Asiimore were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
ayes fifty-three. _
So (more than one fifth voting m favor thereof)
the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. To save time, I
will, with the permissionof the House, withdraw
the call for the yeas and nays. [Cries of1" Agreed!''
"Agreed!"]
There being no objection, the call for the yeas
and nays was withdrawn; and Mr. Sherman's
motion was agreed to.
Tho SPEAKER announced that nominations
for the Clerkship were in order.
Mr. SCHWARTZ." I nominate, for Clerk of
the House of Representatives, John W. Forney,
of Pennsylvania.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I nominate James
C. Allen, the late Clerk, for Clerk of the present
House. I do not suppose it necessary to say a
word in favor of the nominee. His services in
that office give me the confident expectation that
he will be elected.
Mr. NELSON. I nominate Nathaniel G. Tay-
lor, of Charlotte county, Tennessee.
Mr. COBB. I desire to put in nomination D.
L. Dal ton, of the second congressional district of
Alabama. He is not a constituent of mine, but I
know that he is a worthy man, and entitled to the
confidence of the House.
The Speaker appointed Messrs. Eliot,White-
ley, Smith of Virginia, and Maynard, tellers.
The House' proceeded to vote viva voce for
Clerk, with the following result: Whole number
of votes cast, 221; necessary to a choicc, 111; of
which
Joim W. Forney received 11
James C. Aden 
Nathaniel G Taylor 
D.
'L
7
23
I,. Dalton  8
\V. Mclinevv  1
The following is the vote in detail:
Fot ilXj". Forney—-MCharles J"'. Adam?, Admin,
Aidneli, Alley, Ashley, Babbitt, Beale, jiingliam, IHair,
Blake, Brayton, Buffinton, Burlingame, Burnhain, Butter-
field, Campbell, Carev, Carter, Case, Horace F. Clark,
Colfax. Conkling, Covode, Curtis, Dawes, Delano, Duell,
Dunn,'Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Farnsworth, Fenton,
Feiry, Foster, Frank, Fieneh, Gooch, Giaham, Grow, Gur-
ley, Hale, Hall, Ilaskin, Ilelmick, Hickman, Hoard, Hum-
phrey, Hutelitns, Irvine, Junkin, Francis W. Kellogg,
William Kellogg, Kenyon, Kiihnger, De Witt C. Leach,
Lee, Longnecker, Loomis, Lovejoy, Marston, McKean,
MeKnight, Millward, Moorhead, Morrill, Edwaid Joy Mor-
ris, Morse, Nixon, Palmer, Perry, Pettit, Porter, Potter,
Pottle, Reynolds, Rice, Itiggs, Christopher Robinson, Itoyce,
Schwartz, Soranton, Sedgwiok, Sherman. Somes, Spauld-
ing, Spinner, Stanton, Stevens, William Stewart, Stratton,
