2626
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 5,
Mr. TRUMBULL. On that question I ask for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and'nays were ordered.
Mr. JPUGH. I want to say five or ten words.
I see no haste in this appropriation bill, nor in
any of. them. The House, to be sure, has sent
us a resolution for. a final adjournment, but we
have not agreed to it*, and I cannot, for the life of
me, understand why, when a question of any im-
portance is brought before the Senate and argued
and debated up to the point of a vote, the Senator
from Virginia should thrust in an appropriation
bill to stave it off, and renew the debate at a sub-
sequent day. Now, I would have been in favor
of considering the first measure under considera-
tion this morning until it was finished; that was
the report of the select committcc. The Senate
put that aside, and took up the Kansas question.
That has been debated. We have now fresh m
our minds the arguments on both sides. That is
thrust aside?and we have now got up the mili-
tary appropriation bill. Wcknowthe history of
appropriation bills. They are no longer acts of
legislation. It is utter folly for us to pretend that
we legislate on these subjects according to the de-
sign of the Constitution. Two thiida of it is con-
trolled in the War Department, and the rest of it
in the committee of confercncc. Therefore, If the
Senator insists upon it, I will move to pass them
all in a body, and refer them to him and two or
three other Senators as conferees. The Senate
passes no judgment upon them. We add amend-
ments, ancl the House disagree, and it is finally
thrown into a jumble in consequence; and why
this sort of thing is continually brought in, when
we have, not agreed to adjourn, in order to put
aside all proper measures of legislation, I cannot
understand, unless the intention be not to vote
upon those measures. If so, Ictus take a vote to
lay them on the table, and end it in that way. I
believe the Senate could have voted on the ICan-
sas question. There are but sixty-five Senators.
Sixty voted, and two were absent for sufficient
cause, and paired off; and but three Senators not
present unpaired.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I rise to a point
of'order,
Mr. PUGH. What is the Senator's objec-
tion ?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The point of
order is, that the Senator is not discussing any
business before the Senate. 1 believe that is out
of order. I think if we go on discussing the Kan-
sas question when it is not up at all, our time will
bp passed without taking up anything. I raise
the question of order.
Mr. PUGH. I did no more than other Sen-
ators have done; but if the Senator wishes to stop
me, I will not proceed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The point of
order having been raised,theChairwill feel com-
pelled to decide it. The Chair will state that on
the priority of business, it has been settled by
the Senate that none but the briefest remarks are
in order.
Mr. WADE. I wish to give notice that to-
morrow, at one o'clock, I shall move to take up
the Kansas bill again.
Several Senators. Say twelve o'clock.
Mr. WADE. One o'clock was the hour named
to which it was to be postponed; and I do it that
all who wish to participate in it may bo here.
["Say twelve o'clock."] No; one o'clock is the
time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that the present and all prior orders be postponed,
and that the Senate take up the bill in reference
to the Houmas land claim.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope not. I hope, now
that we have got up the Army appropriation bill,
we shall finish it. The Senator from Ohio has
given notice that he will move the Kansas bill to-
morrow at one o'clock, and if the majority take
it up, let them go on and go through with it; but
I hope we shall finish the Army bill now, and
not take up this Houmas case. If I supposed
that was to be the end of it, I never should have
submitted the motion to take up the military ap-
propnation bill.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to postpone all prior orders, with
u view to take up the bill in relation to the Houmas
land grant, on which the yeas and nays have been
ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 28, nuys*29; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Brown, Chandler,
Clark, Clingman, Collamcr, Dixon, Doohttle, Durkee, Fes-
sfnden, Foot, Foster,Grimes, Iiale, Hamlin, Harlan, King,
Pugh, Seward, Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Toombs,
Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, arid Wilson—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard,Benjamin, Bigler, Bragg, Bright,
Chesnut, Davis, Fitch, Fitzpatriek, Green, Gwm, Hemp-
lull, Hunter, Iverson, Jolin&on of Arkansas, Johnson of
Tennessee, Kennedy, Lane, Latham, Mallory, Mason,
Pcarce, Polk, Powell, llice, Saulsbury, Sebastian, Wig-
fall, and Yulee—29.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill (H.R.
No. 305) making appropriations for the support
of the Army for the year ending the 30th of June,
18G1, is still before the Senate as in Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. IVERSON. Is it in order now to move
an amendment ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is an
amendment now pending, which will be read.
The Secretaiy lead the amendment, to insert as
a new section:
Jind be it further enacted, That the professors now at the
Military Academy, who have been appointed from the en-
gineer corps, shall, with their consent, be restored to the
tormer corps with the grade arid tank to which they would
ie!?pectiveiy have succeeded had they remained continu-
ously in the liiu'of promotion Provided, Thai Uvomajois
bo added to said corps, and that the officers restored as
above shall be appointed by the President, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. As I understand that amend-
ment, it is to add two new officers to the corps.
Mr. DAVIS. I believe I explained the other
day the operation of the second section of the act
of 1812. They were authorized to take officers
from the corps of engineers, as provided in the
act of 1802, or from civil life, as had not been pro-
vided in the act of 1802 for professors, but pro-
fessors were taken from the corps of engineers,
one of whom, as I said, very reluctantly gave up
his commission in that corps. The effect of this
will bo to restore those officers to the places they
would have held if they had been allowed to hold
their professorships without giving up their com-
missions m the coips of engineers. The Military
Academy was originally organized by Mr. Jef-
ferson as a place at which a corps of engineers
was to be assembled. This is merely to preset ve
the law as it was originally enacted.
Mr. GRIMES. As I understand it, there are
four majors now in the engineer corps, and there
are two captains who are brevet majors. These
brevet officers being on detailed duty, I think,
draw major's pay—the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs can inform me whether
that is so or not—so that the Government is in
fact now paying six majors in the engineercorps.
The proposition now is to add two majors to this
corps. Now, these gentlemen graduated at the
Military Academy more than thirty years ago.
One of them, the senior officer, received his com-
mission in the line of the Army twenty-eight
years ago. lie preferred to become a professor
at the Military Academy rather than remain in the
line of the service; and why? Because he was
drawing as a professor a compensation that ex-
ceeded what he would draw as second lieutenant
orfirst lieutenant in the lino of service. He,there-
fore, chose to resign his commission in the line
and accept a professorship of engineering in the
Academy. He has held that office twenty-eight
years as piofessor, not been detailed to the line
of service. Now, when the pay of a major, prob-
ably—I do not say this is so, but it is possible it
may be so—exceeds that of a professor at a Mili-
tary Academy he desires, or his friends for him
desire, that he shall receive a commission as a
major, mid that somebody else shall now under-
take to do the drudgery of the professorship at
the Military Academy. The other professor re-
ceived his commission twenty-four years ago in
the line of service, and now, after having drawn
the excess of pay that I suppose is connected with
this office of professor, it is proposed to restore
him to the line of the service. We thrust them
in over the heads of gentlemen who have for j
twenty or thirty years been in the line as liuuten- j
ants or as captains, and thus preventing their I
Eromotion, if I understand the amendment that |
as been submitted. j
For these reasons, Mr. President: first, because ]
I do not believe there is any necessity for any i
such officers; second, because I think, as I under-
stand the amendment, it will operate as an injus-
tice to the captains in the engineer corps, because
it thrusts in two men over their heads; I hope
this amendment will not be adopted.
Mr. DAVIS. I think the Senator from-Iowa
has made some mistake. It would be no injustice
to anybody. It would be rather an advantage to
the captains, because it would be increasing the
number of majorities, and consequently the lia-
bility to casualty in the grade. It would be no
injustice to them to put in persons who would be
majors over them if thoy had remained in the line
of promotion, who have remained continuously in
the line of service, but in the service as professors.
The pay, I think, will be the same.
Mr. GRIMES. They are mere civil officers.
They hold theirappointments,not from the Pres-
ident, as I understand, but from the Secretary of
War. I may be mistaken about that.
Mr. DAVIS. They are called military officers,
and they have been so decided by the Attorney
General. Upon a question whether they were en-
titled to service rations, the Attorney General de-
cided that they were officers of the Army. Hence
their service rations as officers of the Army.
They have, therefore, been continuously in the
Army; but not in the line of promotion. They
get the advantage which the Senator from Iowa
spoke of; but which they would have got under
the law of ISI2, by being assigned to duty as pro-
fessors.
So much for the personal consideration, which,
I tiust, is minor, in the consideration of every
one, to the public consideration. Now, 1 ask the
Senator to turn his attention from the personal
to the public consideration. No injury, no in-
justice, by it is to be done to any one. It will be
an advantage, rather, to the captains in the corps.
The public consideration is, that an officer of en-
gineers, being selected under existing law as a
professor, and put upon duty as such, power
shall be given, when, for any reason, it shall be
preferable, to relieve him from the duty of a pro-
fessor and send him to his corps rather than he
be kept at the Academy. It generally happens to
every professor, who continues to repeat the same
course for a great number of years, that he will
at last be worn out by the constant repetition of
the same thing, by confinement at the same place,
and the same duty; and if he has been engaged
either as a professor of natural philosophy or of
engineering—those arc the two cases—he has
qualified himself, perhaps, in a still higher degree,
to return to the duties of the corps, than if he had
been kept all the while in the work of instruction.
I do not think any injury can inure to any one
and that there will be an advantage to the public
service in allowing professors to be taken from
the engineer corps as now provided by law.
If I were disposed to go into the subject, gen-
erally, of reform, I would say from either of the
scientific corps—thatis, the two corps of engineers
and ordnance—professors might be taken to be re-
turned to their corps at any time. The time of
course ought not to be very brief during which
they should serve as professors; but when they
have become worn out as professors, they may
still bo able to perform duty in the corps; and it
will be an advantage to the public to send them
hack, and take other officers to perform the duty
of professors.
Then, I would say further, if I were on the sub-
ject of the reorganization of the academic staff,
in my opinion, it should consist of officers of the
Army only. It is a military institution. The
cadets are warrant-officers of the Army, and the
academic staff, having the whole control and dis-
cipline of the Academy, I think, oupht to be offi-
cers of the Army. Thus it was found in the
experience of those schools of Europe whichhave
been brought to the greatest perfection. The offi-
cers having charge of the different schools of
France, Prussia, Austria, are all officers of the
Army, and properly so, 1 think. This amend-
ment is merely an act of justice to two individuals,
and resulting in a public benefit.
Mr. HALE. I hope the chairman of the com-
mittee will allow me to usk him a single question.
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. HALE. And thatis, whether, in his opin-
ion, the exigencies of the public service at this
time require the creation of two additional majors
in that corps?
