240
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 18,
36tii Gong.... 1st Sess.
Texas Volunteer Begimeni—Mr. Hamilton.
Ho. of Reps.
I
action; and my recollection is, that Mr. Baylor
was not there.
Mr. OLIN. I did not say he was. The gentle-
man from Texas is over sensitive. Thanking the
committee for the attention it has given mc, I wjII
leave the subject in its hands.
TEXAS VOLUNTEER REGIMENT.
SPEECH OF HON. A. J. HAMILTON,
OF TEXAS,
In the House of Representatives,
April 18, 1860.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, on tile Senate ameiidinents to the Mili-
tary Academy bill—
Mr. HAMILTON said:
Mr. Chairman: After the facts which the Com-
mittee! of the Whole nave had so fully and fairly
stated by my colleague, as to the necessity which
exists for the appropriation which we ask, I would
not feel called upon to detain the committee for a
moment, were it riot for the fact that the sufferers,
for the most part, in the late Indian war in Texas,
were my immediate constituents; and that those
who are still in danger are, for the most part,
within the limits of the district which I have the
honor to represent. I had expected, Mr Chair-
man, stern opposition to be made to this amend-
ment. Indeed, 1 knew it would be made; and I
had expected that arguments, such as are usually
addressed to the attention of the House, would
be pressed and urged on gentlemen here as rea-
sons good and satisfactory to their minds for their
resistance to this measure. But, sir, 1 must con-
fess my utter astonishment at the character and
line of argument of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Olin.] I feel conscious that his mind has
been warped by only a partial examination of the
facts, it maybe, or by false statements which he
has chosen rather to regard than to ascertain the
true merits of the controversy. And before 1 pro-
ceed toany thing like argument m favor of this meas-
ure as one necessary to the protection of the people
of Texas, I wish to say to that gentleman that the
masses whom he has characterized in his speech
as lawless, as abandoned, as imbued with a spirit
which would lead them to destroy mercilessly in-
offensive women and children, arc not such as he
has represented them. Such a representation is not
warranted by any fact which he can producc from
the records which he has read, any more than it
has an existence, in point of fact, outside of that
record.
Jt would be strange indeed, Mr. Chairman, if
there was not a man to be found in Texas who
, would be guilty of lawlessness and violence. I
am willing to concede that there have been and
are lawless men there, as they are to be found
elsewhere throughout the country, not only on
the frontier, but in the oldest and best organized
communities through the length and breadth of the
land. The community to which the gentleman re-
ferred was driven to exasperation by along course
of outrages; tilt aftast, for the security of them-
selves and their families, they were impelled to
go and demand justice at the hands of the Indians.
They had, indeed, to threaten violence in order to
secure .something like an immunity from danger.
And to say that ihcy arc therefore lawless, heart-
less, blood-thirsty, murderous men, is a libel on
their character, it is false, it has no existence
in fact. They are as honorable, as honest, as
law-abiding—they are as generous, as noble, and
as brave, as the gentleman from New York.
There arc many of the men who were engaged in
that matter, whom he would not like to face and
tell them that they are of the character which he
has been endeavoiing to depict to tins House. In-
deed, it "would not be safe for him to doit. They
might be induced to commit an act of lawlessness
on'him such as they would never do to a defense-
less woman, or to a man who was not engaged in
wanton and unmerited insult. Now, as to the
appropriation which is asked in the amendment.
1 think I have said enough to defend the repu-
tation of these people; but 1 will add another word
before I leave the subject. It has been said by the
gentleman from New York that right there com-
menced the difficulties under which we are labor-
ing; whereas the record teems witlt evidence—
and certainly he must have willfully closed his
eyes to it, or he would have seen it—that the dif-
ficulties originated long before. Accordingto the
authority of the United States officers in command
of the military department, and who were charged
with the duty of looking to the protection of these
people, they liad been, for a series of years, rep-
resenting to the Government in this city the ab-
solute necessity for additional means to give them
the power to do what they were sent to do—that
outrages and wrongs were being almost daily per-
petrated on the people of the country. This was
long before the Indian reservation liad an exist-
ence ; long before the policy had been entered upon
of colonizing the land given by the State of Texas
for the purpose of having the Indians located
wher£ they could"be looked to by the United
States officers and kept free from the molestation
of the people of Texas. I say that the corre-
spondence of the past four or five years should
have shown the gentleman that the chfficulties on
the frontiers did not commence with this war, as it
is termed, on the reserve Indians; but that the war
which had commenced upon them—if it is to be
called a war—originated in the facts as stated by
my colleague.
It is true, that depredations, murders, and thefts
committed upon tlnyfronticr settlers, did immedi-
ately precede the onarrel with the reserve Indians,
and were, in fact,/tile cause of the troubles that
ensued.
These depredSions were traced with such cer-
tainty to the reserve Indians, that no doubt of their
criminality existed in the minds of those most in-
terested, and having the best means of determin-
ing the facts. These depredations were not occa-
sional or trivial, but, on the contrary, were for
months of almost daily occurrence, and of the
most atrocious character.
Most of the property lost on the frontier, as well
as the murders committed, were traced directly to
the reserve Indians. True it is, that there were
no means of obtaining absolute proof of their
guilt; but when men, women, and children were
found scalped on the prairie, and these Indians
were tracked to the spot of their residence, with
the stolen property in their possession, it was
pretty good evidence; and they were tracked uner-
ringly to the spot. It is very true, that if called
upon to confess, or accused of the commission of
the crime, these Indians would say, " we did not
steal the property."
There has been no dispute about the identity of
the property; but the Indians would say that they
took it in an encounter with certain wild Indians
who had stolen it; and inasmuch as they wei*e the
means of recovering it, they demanded, that they
should be paid for delivering it up; and the Gov-
ernment agents have protected them in theirfraud-
ulent demands. Sir, our people submitted to this
species of imposition until they could submit no
longer. It was these reserve Indians who made
the marauding excursions to the settlements. The
proof against them was overwhelming—such as
must carry conviction to the mind of every man
cognizant of the facts. "Well, sir, what were they
to do? If their object had been to murder the In-
dians, they could have done it; for they had them
m their power while within the limits of the re-
serve. But they refrained; and for what purpose?
It was for the purpose of wringing the reluctant
promise of the agents of the Federal Government,
which they at last obtained, that they should no
more be permitted to roam at large, and go on
these maiaudmg expeditions. With the excep-
tion of the solitary instance which the gentleman
from New York {Mi\Olin] has so frequently re-
peated, these Indians have had no outrages com-
mitted upon them—if outrage it could be called.
Does the gentleman suppose that the three or four
hundred men who united in the determination that
the Indians should be removed from the reserve,
were engaged m the murderofthe Indians, of which
he complains so much ? Not at all. But the gen-
tleman complains that Captain Ford, who was
there in command of a compnny of rangers, and
acting under competent authority, would not obey
the mandate of the civil authorities, because he
would not descend to change the command under
him from its military character to that of a posse
comitates, for the purpose of executing civil pro-
cess. That is the whole ground of complaint: and
for this, the gentleman charges him and others
with the robbery and murder of the Indians.
Sir, no honorable man, who has read through
the evidence before the House upon this subject,
would sustain the charge for a moment. There
rests not a stain upon the private life or public
conduct of Captain Ford. But because he did not
sec fit to obey a command of a legal officer, which
he had no right to give, and which he was not
properly called on to obey, he is to be held up to
the gaze of the Representatives of the American
Congress as a man willing to ride over all law and
order, and commit the crimes of murder and rob-
bery. I repeat, sir, that there is no evidence in
this correspondence, unjust as some of it is, to
justify the gentleman from New York, or any
other gentleman upon this floor, in making such
a charge. He did refuse to go in search of these
parties who were charged with the murder of the
Indians. He differed with the civil authorities as
to the proper means of executing a civil process.
And in refusing to obey the mandate, he simply
did his duty.
But, Mr. Chairman, much is said about the num-
ber of troops in Texas. My colleague has made
a statement of the number of companies of the
regular troops of the Government, not only within
the military department of Texas, but within the
limits of the State. It will be seen that the frontier
of that State, extending from the mouth of the Rio
Grande to the line of the Territory of New Mex-
ico, and thence across to Red river, comprises a
distance of not less than two thousand three hun-
dred miles; and, with the sinuosities of the Rio
Grande river, perhaps one third more, certainly
one fourth, may be added. Now, sir, is it to be
supposed that two thousand troops will be suf-
ficient to protect such a frontier as that? When
we talk of requiring an additional force for the pro-
tection of our frontier, gentlemen seem to imagine
that nothing more is required than would be to
repel an Indian aggression into one of the smaller
States; while, as a matter of fact, the frontier of
Texas is, with one or two exceptions, double the
extent of that of any other State of the Union ne-
cessary to be protected. But of the character of
tioops furnished us, no number would be sufficient
for our protection. The Indians know the passes
better than any of the troops know them; and
they have nothing to do hut to take one of those
secret passes, leading across a country seventy-
five or one hundred miles in breadth between the
military posts, entirely uninhabited, commit their
depredations upon the settlements, and return by
the same pass, beyond reach often before the news
of the incursion has reached one of the military
posts. The occupation of these posts by the in-
fantry corps of the Army has proved no defense
to the frontier whatever. Why, sir, the isolated
fact is .worth as much as a volume winch might
be written by any gentleman opposing this meas-
ure, that, within the last two months, a party of
Indians stole the horses belonging to one of these
infantry posts, in full sight of the officers and men,
leaving them to follow "on foot. But, sir, it must
be evident to every one that it is utterly impos-
sible for a company of infantry to pursue and pun-
ish the Indians, fiy the time the news reaches tho
post, the Indians arc probably a day's travel dis-
tant from the scene of outrage. The company,
with four days' rations upon the backs of the men,
start in pursuit, and travel the first day, and stop
for the night. At the end of the second day they
have gone about as far as the Indians did on the
first day; and they must return, because their ra-
tions are only for four days, and it will require the
other two remaining days to return.
Now, sir, that is the kind of protection we have
had almost ever since our annexation to the Uni-
ted States. It is as true as any matter connected
with our history. With a single exception (so
far as concerns the action o£ the United States
troops) of an expedition fitted out during the last
summer, by an officer who was capable of com-
manding and of planning a campaign, and who
pursued them vigorously into their fastnesses, they
have not given us security or avenged our wrongs.
But, Mr. Chairman, some arguments have been
resorted to in the course of this discussion, which,
I think, are unfair. The gentleman from Ohio,
the chairman of the Military Committee, [Mr.
