1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Tappan, Thayer, XTheaker, Tompkins, Train, Trimble,
Vandever, Van Wyck, Verree, Wade, Waldron, Walton,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, Ellihu B. Washburne, I&rael
Washburn, Wells, Wilson, Wood, Woodruff, and Mr.
Speaker.
For Mr. Allen—Messrs. Allen, Thomas L. Anderson,
Ashmore, Avery, Barksdale, Barr, Barrett, Bocock, Bou-
ligny, Boyce, Burch, Burnett, John B. Ciark, Clemens,
John Cochrane, Cooper, Cox, James Craig, Burton Craige,
Davidson, John G. Davis, Reuben Davis, De Jarnette,
Dimmiok, Edmundson, English, Florence, Fouke, Garnett,
Gartrell, Hamilton, John T. Harris, Hawkins, Holman,
Hughe*2, Jackson, Jenkins, Jones,Keitt, Lamar, Landrum,
Larrabee, Leake, Logan, Love, Maclay, Charles D. Mar-
tin, Elbeit S. Martin,McClernand, McRae, Miles, Millson,
Montgomery, Niblack, Noell, Pendleton, Peyton, Phelps,
Pryor, Reagan, James C. Robinson, Rust, Scott, Sickles,
Simms, Singleton, William Smith, Stevenson, James A.
Stewart, Stout, Taylor, Thomas, Vallandigham, Whiteley,
Winslow, Woodson, and Wright.
For Mr. Taylor—Messrs. Green Adams, William C. An-
derson, Boteler, Bcabson, Briggs, Bristow, H.'Winter Davis,
Etheridge, Gilmer,Haidemau, J. Morrison Hairis, Hatton,
Hill, James M. Leach, Mallory,Maynard, LabanT. Moore,
Nelson, Quarles, William N. II. Smith, Stokes, Vance, and
Webster.
For Mr. Dalton—Messrs. Bonliam, Clopton, Cobb, Craw-
ford, Curry, Houston, MqQueen, and Sydenham Moore.
For Mr. McKnew—Mr. Ruffin.
So John W. Forney, having received a major-
ity *of all the votes cast, was declared duly elected
Clerk of the House of Representatives for the
Thirty-Sixth Congress.
During the vote,
Mr. KILGORE stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Pugh.
Mr. OL1N stated that he had intended to leave
town this morning, but had been detained by ac-
cident. He had paired off with Mr. Branch;
otherwise he would have cheerfully voted for Mr.
Forney.
The result having been announced,
Mr. Forney was escorted to the desk by Mr.
Haskin, and the oath of office was administered
to him by the Speaker.
ELECTION Of SERGE ANT-AT-ARMS.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move tlmt the House now
procced to vote viva voce for Sergeant-at-Arms for
the Thirty-Sixth Congress; and on that motion I
demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof, the motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER announced that nominations
were in order.
Mr. BOCOCK. 1 desire to put in nomination
the present Sergcant-at-Arms, a man known, I
believe, everywhere, and admit ted by all impar-
tial men to be one of the best men who ever filled
that office; a man against whom, so far as I know,
no objection has been raised in any quarter what-
ever. I nominate Adam J. Glossbrenner, of Penn-
sylvania.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I desire to put
in nomination Mr. Henry W. Hoffman, of the
State of Maryland.
Mr. GARNETT. I desire to make a nomina-
tion for this office. I nominate for the office of
Serjeant-at-Arms James C. Allen, ol Illinois; and,
in doing so, I remark that Mr. Allen has been
throughout a consistent Democrat. He has never
voted for the exclusion of naturalized foreigners
from the privileges to which they are entitled un-
der the Constitution. I believe Mr. Hoffman was
a member of the Thirty-Fourth Congress; that he
was then elected as a Know Nothing; that he was
a member of the Know Nothing order, and sup-
ported his party in "all that was most proscriptive
m its principles and policy. I say this because it
has been made by the other side a matter of re-
proach to southern Democrats, that we voted for
a gentleman who belonged to the American party
for Speaker. Yet, sir, gentlemen of the Repub-
lican party have taunted our northern friends be-
cause they supported Mr. Smith, a gentleman
who never belonged to the Know Nothing organ-
ization, and whose only offense was that he had
voted with that party. Yes, sir, I repeat, that the
gentleman who lias been placed in nomination by
the other side of the House was elected to a former
Congress by Know Nothing votes; was a mem-
ber of that order, supported all its distinctive prin-
ciples, and had taken all its oaths.
I desire to commend to the admiration of the
country the spectacle which has been presented
to us to-day, of a party whose chief desire for the
organization of the House was, as professed by
its members, to search out and expose the cor-
ruptions of the Democratic Administration, and
who have just commenced by electing as Clerk a
gentleman whom a committee of a former House
found guilty of malpractice while filling the same
office in the Thirty-Third Congress.
Mr. HOUSTON, i desire to know whether the
Mr. Hoffman who has now been placed in nom-
ination for Sergeant-at-Arms is the same gentle-
man whom rumor says was nominated for that
officc by the Black Republican caucus yesterday?
Mr. GARNETT. I understand so. I was
not a member of that caucus myself, thank God,
[laughter,] and therefore cannot speak by author-
ity; but I understand so. [Cries of " Order!"
from the Republican side.] And now the second
step with that party is to elect a regular member
of the Know-Nothing party—anti-Catholic, anti-
naturalized citizens—as Sergeant-a't-Arms. [Re-
ne wed e ries of'' Order!"] I did not rise to make
any such point against the nominee myself, but
to expose the inconsistency of his supporters. I
have done, sir, and withdraw Mr. Allen's name.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
The SPEAKER appointed as tellers Messrs.
Bocock, Harris of Maryland, Colfax, and
Garnett.
The House then proceeded to vote viva voce
for Sergcant-at-Arms, with the following result:
Whole number of votes cast, 213; necessary to a
choice, 107; of which
Mr. Hoffman received 114
Mr. Glo^sbrennei   92
Mr. Underwood  1
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Hoffman—Messrs. Chailes F. Adams, Green
Adams, Adrain, Aldnch. William C. Anderson, Ashley,
Babbitt, Beale, Bingham, Blair, Blake.Brayton, Briggs, Buf-
fiuton, lUirlmgame, Burnham, Butterfield,Campbell,Carey,
Caiter, Case, Colfax, Covode, Curtis, H Winter Davi ,
Dawes, Delano, Duell, Dunn, Edgeiton, Edwards, Eliot,
Ely, Ethcrtdjre, Famsworth, Fenton, Ferry, Foster, Frank,
French, Gihnei, Gooch, Graham, Grow, Gurlcy, Hale,
Mall, J. Morn-on Harris, Haskin, Hickman, Humphrey,
Hutchins, Irvine, Junkin, Fiancis W. Kellogg, William
Itelloag, kenyon, Killgote, Ivillinger, DeWitt. C. Leach,
Leo, Longnecker, Loomis, Lovejoy, Marston, MoKoan,
Mcknight, Millward, Moorhead,Morrill, Edwaid Joy Mor-
ns, Moise, Nelson, Nixon, Palmer, Perry, Pettit, Pottle,
Rejnold-*, Pace, Clni&tophcr Robinson, Itoyee, Schwartz,
Scranton, Sedgwick, Sherman, Some*, Spaulding, Spin-
ner, Stevens, William Stewart, Stratton, Tappan, Thayer,
Thcaker, Tompkins, Tram, Trimble, Vandever, Van
Wyck, Verree, Wade, Waldron, Walton, Cadwalader C.
Washburn, Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Web-
ster, Wells. Wilson, Wood, Woodruff, and Mr. Speaker.
For Mr. Glossbrenner—Messrs. Allen, Thomas L. Ander-
son, Ashmore, Avery, Barksdale, Barr, Barrett, Bocock,
Bonham, BouLgny, Boyce, Bristow, Burch, Buinett, Hor-
ace F. Clark, John B. Clark, Clemens, Clopton, Cobh, John
Cochrane, Cooper, Cox, Burton Craige, Crawford, Curry,
Davidson, John G. Davis, Reuben Davis, De Jarnette,
Dimmiok, Mmundson, English, Florence,Fouke,Garnett,
Gaitroll, Ilam iton, Haidonum, John T. Ilarus, Hawkins,
Hill, Holman, Houston, Hughes, Jackson, Jenkins, Jones,
Keitt, Lamar, Landrum, Larrabee, James M. Leach,
Leake. Lo«an, Love, Maclay, Chailes D. Martin, McCler-
nand, McQueen, McRae, Miles, Million, Montgomeiy,
Sydenham Mooie, Isaac TvT Morris, Niblark, Noell, Pen-
dleton, Peyton, Phelps, Pryor, Reagan, Riggs James C.
Robinson, Rufhn, Rust, Scott, Sickles, Simms, Singleton,
William Smith, Stevenson, James A. Stewait, Stout,Tay-
lor, Thomas, Vallandigham, Vance, Whiteley, Win&iow,
Woodson, and Wright.
Foi Mr. Underwood—Messrs. Ilatton, Mallory.Mdvnaid,
Laban T. Moore, duarles, Stokes, and William N. H.
Smith.
During tire call of the roll,
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri, stated that he had
paired off with Mr. Helmick.
Mr. HILL, when his name was called, said:
It is not for the objections stated by the gentle-
man from Virginia^ [Mr. Garnett,] that he lias
belonged to the American party—not for that
reason, by any means, that I dcclinc voting for
Mr. Hoffman; but for the reason, that I have
generally made it a rule of conduct in relation to
merely administrative officers, where they are
without political influence, to be governed in the
selection by what I deem a proper criterion—the
known fitness of the man for the office.
From my observation of the conduct of the
present incumbent during the last Congress in
the office for which we are now voting, 1 am sat-
isfied that we cannot get a better officer; and 1
have been in the habit of saying so. I therefore
vote for Mr. Glossbrenner.
A Member. Do you mean to say that Mr.
Hoffman is not a fit candidate for the officer
Mr. HILL. By no means: and the reasons
given by the gentleman from Virginia would be
reasons with me in his favor.
Mr. STANTON, when his name was called,
stated that, at the request of Mr. Martin, of Vir-
ginia, who was indisposed, he had paired off with
him.
Tlie SPEAKER then announced that Mr.
Hoffman, having received a majority of all-the
votes given, was duly elected Sergeant-at-Arms
for the Thirty-Sixth Congress.
Mr. J-Ioffman subsequently appeared, and was
duly installed into office by taking the usual oath.
STANDING COMMITTEES. '
Mr. WINSLOW moved that the Speaker be
authorized to appoin^the standing committees'of
the House.
The motion was agreed to.
EXTRA COMPENSATION TO THE LATE CLERK.
Mr. SPINNER. I desire to offer the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That there bo paid out of the contingent fund
of the House to James Allen, late Clerk, in addition to
the salary allowed to him by law, eight dollars per diem,
for additional services performed by him, from the 4th day
of December, 1859, to the 3d day of February, 1860.
Mr. BURNETT rose, and was recognized by
the Speaker.
Mr. SPINNER. I call for the previous ques-
tion upon the resolution.
Mr. BURNETT. I have the floor. I know
that it is doing an ungracious act, and will be -so
regarded by many gentlemen upon this side of the
House; but, sir, I was a member of the Thirty-
Fourth Congress, when a similar resolution was
passed, I believe, for the benefit of the gentleman
who has just been elected Clerk. I was opposed
to it then, and I am opposed now to the passage
of this resolution. Ihc law fixes the salary of
the Clerk of the House of Representatives at
$3,600. Tinder parliamentary practice the Clerk
puts all questions until a Speaker is elected. He
is entitled to the pay fixed by law until his suc-
cessor has been appointed.
Well, sir, that being the law, and that being
the compensation fixed as £ull compensation for
his services, I hold that it is wrong for this House
to appropriate money giving him additional com-
pensation. I know that gentlemen can refer me
to a precedent; but still I hold that all the reso-
lutions of this character which have passed the
House are wrong, and I prefer to make the point
upon a Democrat rather than upon anybody else.
Mr. Speaker, this is all I have to say. I enter my
protest against the resolution, and call for the
yeas and nays upon its passage.
Mr. SPINNER. I wish simply to say that a
similar resolution passed the Thiity-Fourth Con-
gress without the yeas and nays and without a
division. I demand the previous question.
Mr. CLEMENS. I ask the gentleman from
New York to withdraw the demand for the pre-
vious question for a moment, to enable me to ask
a question.
Mr. SPINNER. I prefer not to withdraw it.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put.
The yeas and nays were ordered on the adoption
of the resolution.
The question was taken on the resolution; and
it was decided in the negative—yeas 75, nays 131;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Adrain, Aidrich, Ashmore, Barr, Bon-
idge, Fouke, Hale, Hamilton, Hardeman, J. Morrison Har-
ris, Hawkins, Hickman, Hill, Hughes, Jackson, Jenkins,
Keitt, William Kellogg, Kilgore, Lamar, Landrum, Lai-
rabec, Leake,-Logan, Love, Maciav, McClernand, Mc-
Queen, McRae, Miles, Millward, Montgomeiy, Edward
Joy Moiris, Isaac N. Morris, Nelson, Niblack, Nixon, Noell,
Pendleton, Phelps, James C. Robinson, Rust, Scott, Scran-
ton, Sickles, Singleton, Spinner, Stanfcw, Stevens, James
A. Stewart, William Stewart, Stout, Stiatton, Taylor.
Vallandigham, Vance, Webster, Whiteley, Winslow, and
Woodson—75.
NAYS—Messrs. Chailes F. Adams, Green Adams. Allen,
Alley, Thomas L. Anderson, William C. Anderson, Avery,
Babbitt, Beale, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Bocock, lirabson,
Brajton, Bristow, Buffinton, Bnrlinpame, Burnett, Burn-
ham, Butterfield,Campbell, Carey, Clemens,Clopton, Cobb,
Colfax, Conkling, Covode, Crawford, Curry, Dawes, De
Jarnette, Delano, Duell, Dunn, Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot,
Ely, English, Fam^woith, Fenton, ferry, Florence, Foster,
Flunk, French, Garnett. Gartrell, Gilmer,Gooch, Graham,„
Grow, Gutlev, Hall, John T. Harris. Hatton, Hoard, Hol-
man, Houston, Humphrey, Hutching Irvine, Jones, Jun-
kin, Fiancis W. Kellogg, Kenyon, Kdlmger, James M.
Leach, Lee, Lootms, Lovejoy, xMaHory, Marston, Charles
D. Martin, Mavnard, McKean, McKmgbt, Milison, Laban
T. Moore, Sydenham Moore, Moorhead, Morrill, Palmer,
Perry, Pettit, Peyton, Porter, Potter, Pottle, Pryor. Quarles,
Reagan, lieynokjs, Rice, Riggs, Christopher Robinson,
