1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
MM
enter into many of the questions that may be dis-
cussed; but I look on the amendments which have
been offered to the bill as objectionable; and I
wish to state my objections as briefly as I can.
The object and general scope of the bill, without
reference to its particular sections, is to provide
for the education of the white race in the District
of Columbia, within which the Congress of the
United States, under the Constitution, has the
powertodoso. There are interposed two amend-
nents; one of which on its face purports to place
die black race on an equality with the white race;
Mid the other, though not so expressed, as 1 read
■t, can be only intended for that purpose, but to a
more limited degree. I only wish to express my
own opinion, that if gentlemen residing in the
States 111 which the negro race do not exist in large
relative numbers to the white race, choose within
their own States to place the negro and the white
man on an equality, (whether it be in their public
schools, or in their militia, or in all the avocations
of life,) with that Congress has nothing to do;
with that the citizens of those States in which
that race exists in larger relative numbers have
aothing to do, and of it they have no right to com-
plain. But, sir, I say to gentlemen on the other
side—what is the certain conviction of my own
mind, what I announced to the Senate, I think,
in substance, during the discussion on the Jvan-
sas-Nebraska bill—that whenever in this country
a majority of the people of a majority of the States
shall, by Federal legislation, attempt throughout
the Union, or in any part of the Union, to place
the black and the white race on an equality, this
Union is gone.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to ask the Senator a
question. If the negro population of this country
were all as well educated as the white people,
would they then be our equals ?
Mr. BAYARD. The honorable Senator is per-
fectly welcome to ask me the question. I am ex-
pressing only an opinion. 1 do not desire here to
enter into ail argument on that point; but I will
give him my opinion, because I never shrink from
the expression of any opinion I entertain where
it is proper to express it. "Without entering into
the question, which I leave to philologists and
ethnologists, as to the unity or diversity of the
races, I have no shadow of doubt, from my own
observation ef the negro race, of its inferiority.
I am no slaveholder; I never expect to be one. I
am perfectly willing to admit that in my own
State slavery is of very little value and of little
moment; yet I could give the reasons why I think
the law of slavery must be maintained there while
the relative number of negroes remains in the State
so large in proportion to the white population;
but it is unnecessary to trouble the Senate with
that now. My answer to the honorable Senator
is, that, from my reading of the history of the
past, from my own personal observation of the
character of the race, I believe it would be impos-
sible to carry the civilization of the negro race as
a race—I do not speak of individual cases—to
equality with the white man with any benefit
either to them or to the wlute race. I think that
is the main error on the other side. Now, sir, I
know very well 
Mr. HARLAN rose.
Mr. BAYARD. I would rather go on with
what I have to say; the honorable Senator may
make his/own remarks afterwards. I did not de-
sire to introduce this question. My opinion is
decisive, so far as my own judgmentis concerned,
that there is no such thing as equality between the
negro race and the white race; that you cannot,
make it by education or in any other mode. I have
seen, perhaps, somewhat more of that race than
the honorable Senator from Iowa. I have seen
them (probably he has not) where tliey exist, as
yiey do in my own State, in much larger relative
numbers of free negroes than in any State in this
Union, in proportion to the white population. I
have seen them in the State of Maryland. In my
boyhood I was in both States. I have been in al-
most all the States where slavery exists, and in
many States where it does not, and where the ne-
groes are in small numbers. I think the error
of gentlemen results from taking isolated cases.
Sometimes the black man—and generally he is a
cross where he does so—has exhibited powers be-
yond his race; and gentlemen draw from that the
deduction that the race is capable of elevation. I
have looked at this question of races, I have exam-
ined history, and I can find no instance where the
black race has everadvanced to any thing like ordi-
nary civilization. When I look to the case of Hay-
ti, where they have been freed nearly as long ago
as our own Government has been established, with
all the advantage of connection with the white
race; with all the advantage of example; left to their
own government; as far as I can judge of their
prosperity, and from what accounts I have heard
of Hayti, they are worse off now in point of civ-
ilization than they were when the insurrection of
1798 occurred. They are certainly less produc-,
tive in their industry than they were then; and,
in my judgment, they have evinced the inaptitude
of the race as a race for self-government at all.
When I look to Jamaica, where they have had
the whole pressing power of the Government of
Great Britain to sustain the theory of emancipa-
tion—and I can easily see'why she should so
urge it, having taken the step of emancipating
them—they have retrograded, both in production
and the value of the property hitherto of the island.
As a general rule—I will not say there are no ex-
ceptions—they have retrograded, as regards the
advantages to their race, as a consequence, of the
British emancipation of 1834.
I am not going to enter into these questions,
and discuss them now. I am only expressing my
opinions in answer to the Senator. I do not look
to individualities; I deal with men as races. I
would as lief vote forgiving to all boys of eighteen
.the rights and privileges, political and civil, that
you give to men at twenty-one, or in some coun-
tries at twenty-five, because sometimes you meet
a boy of eighteen" who has more sense than most
men of fifty, as to give great privileges to the
negro race, because I may meet isolated instances
of capacity; when my own experience, in accord-
ance with the history of the world, has shown
me that the race, as a race, is incapable of culti-
vation. I will not enter into all the argument to
sustain this view now; I only give my opinion.
I do not—and that is exactly the objection I in-
tended to make—I do not considerthe races equal.
In the providence of God, why He made the dis-
tinction, and when He made it, is one of those
matters which it is not for me to enter into. The
color alone does not constitute the difference. The
difference in the organic structure of the races,
as affccting their capacity, is far greater and more
prominent, though it may not be as obvious to
the eye, as the mere distinction of color. As I
view the negro race, whenever and however cre-
ated—whether sporadic in the first instance, or
how it may have pleased Providence to bring
them into the world—is not for me to enter into
and discuss here. It is enough for me to know
that, in my judgment, the difference exists; that
one race is more animal and less intellectual than
the other; that one race is incapable of civiliza-
tion; and if you attempted to carry it to the same
extent as the other it would result only in insan-
ity, and I cannot agree to put them on an equal-
lty.
By the bill, the honorable Senator from Mis-
sissippi [Mr. Brown] proposes to educate the
white race according to what is called the common
school system; he proposes to make a govern-
mental-education of the white race within the Dis-
trict of Columbia, where we have the power to do
it. Honorable Senators on the other side are not
content. If they admire the negro race so much,
why not introduces separate bill for the purpose
of also providing proper schools and proper edu-
cation for the black race within the District? But
they say to us—knowing well as they do, from the
representation in the Senate, that it is impossible
to suppose that, consistent with their opinions and
their duty to their constituents, the Senators on
this floorwho representslaveliolding States would
vote for placing the two races upon an equality—
they say to us: " The bill shall not pass without
these amendments." Thatis to say: "You shall
not make an appropriation for the education of the
white races without our bringing in the equality
of the black race. We are not content to place them
upon an equality in our own States by our own
legislation; but we will not permit you to do, what
it cannot be denied will be beneficial, to educate,
by governmental provisions in the District of Co-
lumbia, the white race, unless you tack to it the
education of the black race, on which we know
there is a division of sentiment in this country;
and we must press the question of the equality of
raceson the southern States of this Union." That
is the course of gentlemen on the other side, not
as regards their own legislation in their own States,
where these people exist in very limited, numbers,
but they mean to press it, wherever they have the
power, through the means of Federal legislation.'
This is the aspect in which I view it'; and I t-egsest,.
again, that whenever a majority of the ,pe6ple "of
a majority of the States of this Union are able* to
pass, by an act of Congress, a law which shall
place the negro race, so far as the Federal (Gov-
ernment has the power, on a footing of equality •
with the. white race, the Union is gone at ones
and forevef. That is my deliberate opinion;and
therefore, as I value the Union a great deal more
than I do raising these political questions of an-
tagonisms connected with races of men, 1 shall
vote against any measure that seeks to assume a
power in the Federal Government to equalize the
two races in this country. \ ,
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, the views that
I intended to present have been misrepresented,
unintentionally I doubt not. Who has proposed
an equality of the negro and white races? Is it in-
volved in the proposition submitted by the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire, or in the amendment
proposed by me ? If it be involved in either of
these propositions, I confess I am exceedingly
obtuse. In this proposition, the Senator from
Mississippi [Mr. Davis] concluded that we 'were
about to overturn the laws of nature. I would
inquire of him what law of nature is there that
prevents the strong from taking care of the weak;
that prevents the powerful, the rich, those who
are able, for providing for the education of the
ignorant, the poor, the weak, the feeble ? The prop-
osition now pending is, that those who are strong,
powerful—the superior, the dominant race—shall ■
provide for the protection of those that are feeble
and weak and dependent, and at the same time
promote their own best interests by guarding in
advance against the perpetration of crime and
against pauperism.
It does not seem to me that the question of the
equality of the races can bo involved in the ques-
tion of the education of cither the white or ths
black. Is it on that principle alone that you pro-
vide for tlip education of white children, because
they are all exactly equal with each other? What
do Senators mean by the term equality ? Do they
mean physical equality? Who has proposed to
make the negro, by law, as beautiful as the Anglo-
Saxon; as symmetrical in his proportions; as ca-
pable of enduring fatigue, or enduringtoil? Who
has proposed to make him his equal in intellectual
development, or in moral sensibilities ? Who has
proposed to make him his equal in a social point
of view? Nobody. Social equality, I suppose,
depends on entirely different laws, and on that
subject everybody must be a judge for himself.
Will either of those Senators tell me that he will
meet on terms of perfect equality every man of
his own race, admit every man to his own table,
or as a suitable suitor for the hand of his own
daughter in matrimony ? I apprehend not. Then
what kind of equality is referred to? I suppose
that every man in a free country must be left free
to choose his own associates; and if a negro be
taught ta read the Bible, to read for himself the
revealed will of God, docs he thence necessarily
become the social equal of the Senator from Del-
aware or the Senator from Mississippi ?
Well, is it political equality that is referred to?
Who has proposed to make them the equal of the
white race in a political point of view? Nobody.
At least the party of which I am an humble mem-
ber has never made any such proposition. They
propose, simply, that the strong and dominant race
shall provide for the protection of those who are
feeble and dependent; those who are their infe-
riors; and what is there in this that overturns a
law of nature ? The husband, I apprehend, feels
an honest pride in the idea that, by his strong arm,
by his acute and powerful intellect, and the moral
strength with which the Almighty has clothed him,
he is in a certain sense the protector of his own
wife and his own offspring. They are regarded
usually, in a physical point of view and in many
other respects, as the inferior of our port-ion of tho
human family; but merely because the lady may,
in a physical point of view, be inferior to her hus-
band, must she thence necessarily be deprived of
his protection, and the protection of the laws of
the country in which she lives? Because Minor
