2628
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 5,
day of settlement, and adding up the aggregate,
they struck the balance. By that mode of com-
putation the States were cut out of a very large
amountof interest to which they would have beon
entitled if the interest were calculated according
to the present style of computing interest, and
which has been in vogue in all the States for many
yeaTs past; that is, first allowing the payments to
be applied to the interest, and then the calculation
of interest upon the balance. In 1857 the State of
Maryland came before Congress, and they passed
an act which I will read to the Senate, showing
how that matter was disposed of on that occasion.
It is the twelfth section of the act called the mis-
cellaneous bill:
" Sec. 12. ~1ml be it further enacted, That the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury be, and they are hereby,
authorized and directed to reexamine the account between
the United States and the State ot Maryland, as the same
was from time to time adjusted under tlie aet passed on
the 13th of May, 1856, entitled ' An act authorizing the
payment of interest due to the State of Maryland;' and on
suell reexamination to assume the sums expended by the
State of Maryland for the use and benefit of the United
States, and the sums refunded and repaid by the United
States to tiie said State, and the times of such payments,
as being correctly stated in the account, as the same has
heretofore been passed at the Treasury Department; but,
in the calculation of interest due under the act aforesaid,
the following rules shall be observed, to wit: interest shall
be calculated up to the time of any payment made. To
this interest the payment shall be first applied; and if it
exceed the interest due? the balance shall be applied to di-
minish the principal, if the payment fall short of the inter-
est, the balance of interest shall not be added to the pun-
cipal, so as to produce interest. Second, interest shall be
allowed the State ot Maryland on such sums only on winch
the said State either paid interest or lost interest by the
transfer of an interest-bearing fund."
Under that provision the account of the State
of Maryland for interest upon her advances was
reopened, restated, and reexamined, in the Treas-
ury Department, and she had paid back to her
$272,000. Under the act in relation to Alabama,
for advances made by her during the Creek war,
the mode of computing interest which was applied
under this twelfth section of the act in relation to
Maryland, the act of 1857, was applied to Ala-
bama; and she has obtained a large amount of in-
terest, according to the present mode of calcula-
tion. But it has been refused to all other States;
the accounting officers not deeming themselves
authorized to reopen the accounts unless author-
ized by act of Congress. It is the just mode of
computing interest, as is established, I think,
now, and probably practiced certainly by all the
States of this Union, and perhaps by every civil-
ized nation on the face of the earth.
I will remark that the State of Maryland, when
this arbitary mode of computing her interest was
adopted by the accounting officers of the Treas-
ury, protested m writing against it, and demanded
a proper mode of settlement. The accounting
officers, however, declined to do it, because this
had been the law or regulation and rule of the
Department for many years. Now, sir, the other
States are asking Congress to do them the same
act of justice which has been done to Alabama
and Maryland. The States of Massachusetts
and Maine have appointed an agent, who is now
in attendance upon the Government, and has been
for two years past, at least, and I do not know
how much longer, asking that this act of justice
may be done to them.
My own State, which has a small amount, has
also appointed an agent; and he is here at the seat
of Government pressing this claim on the atten-
tion of Congress. The State of South Carolina
lias also instructed her agent, who is now here,
asking that this act of justice should be done to
South Carolina. The State of Virginia, by sol-
emn resolutions, has also called on the Govern-
ment to do her justice; and she is the State most
deeply interested in this question. She has ap-
pointed two agents, who are here prosecuting this
claim before Congress. All of the States, in fact,
are calling upon Congress, in the most solemn
form, to do them justice, and readjust their ac-
counts, and pay them interest, according to the
true and just mode of computing interest, and
according to the mode which was prescribed and
allowed to the State of Maryland and the State
of Alabama. The city of Baltimore, I believe,
has no agent; but it is ascertained, on the report
of the accounting officers at the last session, that
the city of Baltimore did make advances to the
Government during the last war -with Great Brit-
ain; and that, according to the mode which the ac-
counting officers appliedpin adjusting her account
for interest, she lost some twenty or twenty-five
thousand dollars. That much she asks should
be refunded.
The committee, in taking this question into
consideration, on the application of the States of
South Carolina, Georgia, Virginia, and other
States, thought they would not introduce a bill
for each particular State, but have introduced a
general provision applying to all the States. Some
of the States have not presented a formal applica-
tion to Congress for a readjustment. I believe
the State of New York.has not done so, and-the
State of Pennsylvania has not done so; and other
States may have neglected it; but inasmuch as
four or five States have come to Congress and de-
manded that justice should be done them in this
respect, the Committee on Claims thought itproper
that they should introduce a general provision,
and apply it to all the States who are similarly
situated; and that this amount should bo paid to
them, as it is just and proper, and ought to be
paid. It is a large amount, I confess; but still,
if it be due to the States, Congress cannot avoid
paying it, with honor; and whether you pay it
now or not, this amount must finally be paid by
the Government; and it is just in as good a con-
dition at present to pay this money, and do this
justice to these States, as it probably ever will be.
The State of Virginia is the only one largely in-
terested. She is interested to the extent of more
than a million dollars. She has never heretofore
pressed this claim on the attention of Congress;
but now that her finances have been to some ex-
tent crippled, and large sums have been recently
expended under circumstances familiar to the
whole of the Senate, she thinks she is entitled to
come to the Government, and ask that this simple
justice shall be done her, and this amount paid to
her according to the principles heretofore estab-
lished.
Mr. MASON. I must dissent from one of the
positions of the honorable Senator who introduced
this amendment, in regard to tlie reason which
he assigns for the action of Virginia. Sir, this is
a debt; and it is only for that reason that payment
is asked by Virginia. Wo all know that a debt
must be either paid or repudiated, if it is admit-
ted to be a debt. If the debt is admitted, the cred-
itor must pay, or he must admit his inability.
He cannot deny his obligation, if it is a debt. Va-
rious States, Virginia and Maryland among the
rest, made advances during the war—as they were
obliged to do for their own safety—of money for
military purposes, which it was incumbent on
the Federal Government to provide; and the Fed-
eral Government acknowledged its liability to pay
them back, and did pay back the principal, but
paid no interest, although the State was obliged
to pay interest as long as the debt was binding
on her. The representatives from the State of
Maryland,having, perhaps, more interest in this
matter, or probably being more attentive to their
business—1 do not know which—found out this
state of things. The Senators from Maryland,
more attentive to that which conccrned their duty,
found out that in the adjustment of this war debt
interest had not been allowed; and when it was
brought before Congress it was acknowledged
by law that the debt had not been paid, and that
it had not been paid because the Government had
not wiped off the interest; and a law was passed
by Congress acknowledging this as part of the
debt, and providing for the payment of interest.
1 do not know how the law wasdrawn, for lhave
not examined that, but subsequent investigation
shows that the law was drawn in such a way as
not to extinguish the interest; and in the case of
the State of Maryland, and in one of the other
States mentioned by the Senator from Georgia,
Congress again acknowledged by law that the
interest had not been wiped off, and passed alaw
for wiping it off, in the case of the petitioning
States, prescribing the mode in which the interest
should be paid. That is the whole matter. The
debt therefore not only exists, but is acknowl-
edged by the legislation of Congress in the case
of the State of Maryland. I hope the amendment
will preyail.
Mr. JOHNSON of Arkansas, and Mr. KING,
called for the yeas and nays; and they were or-
dered.
Mr. IVERSGN. I will raalpt this additional
statement: this amendment has a pf,.;yision in it
that the Secretary of the Treasury be authorized
to pay, either in money, or in bonds not bearing
more than five per cent, interest. The States, I
understand, are willing to takeGovernmentbonds.
I will also state that the amendment proposes only
to pay to the States, where they themselves, in
making the advances, either paid interest or lost
interest.
Mr. E RAGG. "What does the Senator mean
by " lost interest?"
Mr. IVERSON. Where they were drawing
interest on the fund at the time. For instance, if
they had funds bearing interest, and in order to
raise money had to sell those funds, that would
be losing interest, by the transfer of an interest-
bearing fund, in the language of the act hi regard
to the State of Maryland. Interest is paid, cither
where the State paid interest, or lost interest by
the transfer of an interest-bearing fund. That is
what I understand by it.
Mr. PEARCE. I do not know whether the
Senator from Georgia has guarded his amend-
ment quite as closely as the provision for the ben-
efit of the State of Maryland; but I presume it is
intended to be governed by the same rules in every
particular. In regard to the debt due to the State
of Maryland, it was provided that no interest
should be paid, except on that debt which had
been recognized and admitted by this Govern-
ment. The State of Maryland claimed more
money than she was allowed; but in the settle-
ments of the accounts of the war of 1812,the claim
of the State of Maryland was reduced by soms
one or two hundred thousand dollars. The pro-
vision in regard to interest stipulated that no in-
terest should be allowed, except on the sum which
was admitted by this Government to be the true
debt. Then, when the interest was paid and the
account stated, the Government of the United
States proceeded in this way—somewhat differ-
ently, I think, from what the Senator from Geor-
gia has stated—the debt of the State of Maryland
being, say, some two hundred or three hundred
thousand dollars, and there being an amount of,
say, §100,000 due for interest, when th e first pay-
ment of forty or fifty thousand dollars was made,
it was applied not to the liquidation of the inter-
est which they admitted to be due, but the inter-
est was put aside, and the first payment, and the
second and subsequent payments, were applied to
the liquidation of the principal until that was set-
tled; and when that was settled, then they pro-
ceeded to pay the interest without allowing any
interest; so that, instead of adopting the ordinary
rule which prevails between individuals with the
sanction of judicial decision, and which the Gov-
ernment inflexibly demands when it h9s a claim
against any other party, of requiring the first pay-
ments to be applied to the interest which had ac-
crued, they set aside the interest and liquidated
the principal, and then afterwards paid the inter-
est. This-manifestly was unjust. It was the adop-
tion of a peculiar rule known in the practice of no
other accountants than those of this Government,
where the Government was a debtor. Some ten
or twelve years ago I introduced a bill into Con-
gress, which was referred to the Committee on
Finance, I think, and which, at one or two ses-
sions, passed this body, but failed in the other
House. Finally, the "Senate became convinced
of the perfect justice of the claim, and passed it
as an amendment to one of the general appropri-
ation bills.
It does seem to me to be impossible to deny
that this is the proper rule of settlement; and al-
though I am sorry that the Government should
now be called upon to pay the large sum of money
which is due to the different States, yet, it being
a just claim, I cannot refuse to pay it. If I un-
derstood the Senator aright, there is some provis-
ion for issuing stocks,instead of paying the money
out of the Treasury. That would make it more
easy to the Government,and is an improvement.
I ought to have stated before that the interest
is not paid except in two cases: where the 'State
itself has paid interest, or has lost interest. The
State of Maryland gave her bonds for the money
which she had borrowed for the purposes of the
war. She afterwards paidthose bonds by money
which she raised by the sale of United States
stocks which she held, and thus she lost an inter-
est-bearing fund. The general rule was, it seems,
that no interest should be paid by the General
Government if the State took the money out of
