242
APPENDIX TO THE .CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 18,
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Texas Volunteer Regiment—Mr. Hamilton.
Ho. of Kefs.
try force, or such a force as wc are now asking
for. But just as long as the Indians pursue the
line of policy they have heretofore pursued, and
which we have no reason to suppose will be
changed, just so long will it be impossible for the
present character of force employed to chastise
them, or to prevent the constant recurrence of
these depredations.
It has seemed to me that because Texas has so
long and so patiently borne this state of things,
the public has become deaf to all appeals for pro-
tection to her interests.
I venture the assertion, that within two years
hundreds of her citizens have perished by the
hands of the Indians; many of them by their own
hearth-stones, m an y of them upon their farms; and
that almost as many more have been carried into
captivity. But this thing has been going on so
long, and the people of Texas have borne it so
patiently, that these outrages have not aroused in
the public mind that state of excited feeling which
would be aroused should the same thing happen
in one of the old States, where such things never
occurred, or if ever, so long past that they are no
longer remembered. People who live in the in-
terior and remote from danger are slow to realize
the condition of their brethren upon the frontiers.
I state it as a fact, that, within the last eighteen
months or two years, the line of our frontier has
receded, in some inslances^to the abandonment of
almost entire counties. In the whole tier of coun-
ties on the frontier tne people have been entirely
broken up, their property mostly stolen or de-
stroyed; and the people from thcintenor,as rccent
information authorizes me to state, were obliged
to send provisions to sustain the people on the
frontier, who had been compelled to leave their
homes and embody themselves in hastily con-
structed forts. Many of their citizens have been
killed or carried into captivity. And even within
sixty miles of the State capital persons have been
murdered, and women and children carried into
captivity, since 1 left home. I ask you, how long
shall we bear these things?
Is tins nuiuguinting a new policy in reference
to the Army, as claimed by a gentleman on the
Other side ofthoIlouse? This is> not the first time
in the history of the Government that temporary
troops have been called out to protect an exposed
line of frontier.
Another fact: General Houston, in one of his
late communications to the War Department,
states the fact—whether he was moved to it by
the idea suggested by the gentleman from Ohio,
the chairman of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, or not, I do notknow—but he states the fact
that, if charged with the duty of superintending
the organization uf this regiment, it will be his
policy not to make it up upon the frontier, but
from the interior counties of the State not subject
to hostile aggressions from the Indians, so that the
people upon thisfrontier, who have been worn out
in the contest with these Indians, may have repose
and rtroain at home, to improve their farms and
their condition. So that the influence which the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs so
much deprecates will not control the troops that
will be called into the service. But I tell the gen-
tleman, upon the responsibility of my position
here as a Representative, as well as upon my
honor as aman, that if that force were made up of
people upon the extreme frontier, where all these
sufferings have been endured, they would not
make war upon Indians not hostile, and that they
would not murder women and children. They
only want ample protection. They do not want
their property stolen, nor their wives and children
murdered or carried into captivity.
One woid in reference to another subject which
has been dragged into this discussion. Iwill not
say one word m disparagement of the late super-
intendentof the Texas Indians, Major Neighbors,
No one in the State of Texas deplored his death
more than I did. Iam well satisfied thathisobject
was to discharge his duties faithfully to the Gov-
ernment, and to protect the Indians'. On the other
hand, I have no doubt that his zeal m the dis-
charge of his duty led to-crimination and recrim-
ination on his part, which were not wairanted by
the state of facts. The people of the frontier had
caught the Indians in the very act of murdering
the people and stealing their property, and Major
Neighbors, in his zeal to protect and guard the
rights of the Indians, was reluctant to admit that
this wrong ws-s rightfully charged to them. It
seems that his death is to be made to cut some
figure in this discussion, and some correspond-
ence has been alluded to as if to show that his
death was to be traced directly to thefronticrpeo-
ple in their war upon the Indians. I state that
such is not the fact, and that it is not so understood
in Texas, or in any portion of Texas. His death
is direc'tly attributable to a private feud between
himselfandaman whom he had charged with steal-
ing horses. I state it as a matter of fact, and upon
as good authoiity as any man has here, that a man
who was a fiiend of Major Neighbors told me
that his death grew out of that charge.
Mr.OLlN. Theofficialcorrespondence^Ithink,
will show that his death was attributable, not to
the charge that a certain man was a horse thief,
but to the fact of some very free conversation by
him in reference to the death of an Indian.
Mr. HAMILTON* The gentleman from whom
I obtained my information was neither connected
with the Indians nor with the frontier people in
this controversy. He was a friend of Major
Neighbors, and was standing by his side when
he was shot. He told me that Major Neighbors
almost fell upon him when he lost his life; and
that the shooting grew out of the fact that the man
who shot him, and whose name I have forgotten,
was charged by Major Neighbors, or said lie had
been so charged, with being a horse thief. He
called upon him to retract what he had said.
Major Neighbors did not do it, and he was shot.
Mr. OLIN. 1 call the attention of the gentle-
man from Texas to what the Indian sub-agent
says on the subject, on page 702 of the report:
u The next morning Major Neighbor-, walked up in town,
and utter having accomplished his business, was attempt-
ing to return to our camp or tempoiary residence, bat was
assailed on the way by a man, who is piemmed to have
been an entire stranger to him, was shot, and died in twenty
minutes. This tragical affair was said to have been occa-
sioned by pretty tree convocation on lhe part of Major
NeigbboH on account ot'the killing u le^crvc Indian not
long since."
Mr. HAMILTON. That is just as I expected.
Now, what fact if) stated there? The sub-agent
says that this man was "presumed" to be a
stranger to Major Neighbors, and that the affair
was said to have been occasioned" by some re-
marks attributed to Major Neighbors. 1 do not
see that this is any authoiity at all; nor has it
been stated on the authority of any man, so far
as I have heard, that the shooting grew out of any
such thing. Onthecontrary,cveiystatemcntmade
Mild published to the country, by those who were
present at the time, attribute it to what I have al-
ready stated—a grievance which the man sup-
posed he labored under, because of a charge which
Mujor Neighbors made against his integrity as a
citizen.
So much for that matter. I did not want to
have the discussion of this measure trammeled by
the consideration that the death of this man (who,
I admit, was a faithful public officer, and who was
my warm personal fiiend) was to bo attributed
diiectly or indircctly to the troubles existing be-
tween the people of the frontier and the reserve
Indians. It was never so understood in Texas.
No friend of Major Neighbors there gave it that
version, so far as I have ever heard.
Mr. OLIN. One month before the death of
Major Neighbors, m a communication to the In-
terior Department of the Government, speaking
of the hostilities of these men who were exciting
troubles on the border, he says: " I have no doubt
they will take my own life"—a prophecy fulfilled
one month afterwards.
Mr. HAMILTON. That may be. He was
not the first man who anticipated his death; and
the fact that he had cause to believe there were
men there wlfTi did not owe him good will does
not prove that the act was committed by one of
these men. He might have been killed by one of
them, if he had not oecn killed in the manner and
for the reason I have stated. But I speak of the
facts as they existed.
Now, Mi. Chairman, I will trouble the com-
mittee for a few minutes by reading from Governor
Houston's official correspondence with the De-
partment of War, for the purpose of showing his
object, and of refuting the idea that there has been j
no official information communicated to the Gov-
ernment on which either this Government or Con-
gress ought to act in giving speedy relief to the
people of Texas:
, Austin, February 15, 1860.
Sir: T have the honor to foivvard, by my fiiend. General
Foibes Button, assistant adjutant general of the State, and
a prominent member of the State Senate, dispatches which
i deem of importance, and desire that his Excellency the
Piesident shall considerthe contents thereof. J deploie the
situation of Texa^j an empty treasury, the Indian troubjas,
unexampled for the iastten years,and the foiays from Mex-
ico on oui southern boiders, are well calculated to impress
the mind of the executive of the State of Texas with the
intricacies of the attitude which he hau, in justice to his
fellow-citizens and humanity, to.assume, should not the
Federal arm be speedily laised and extended in behalf oi
out sufFeung fiontier. The executive of Texas is greatly
dosiious to avoid any couise which might raise even a ques-
tion as to the piopriety of las action. Notwithstanding all
.his modeiation and desireto eschew an attitude unpleasant
to him, he may, in a short time, be required to resort to the
indelea«ible right of self-defense to protect his fellow-citi-
zens. lie will, m addition to manifest foibeatance, endeav-
'or yet iuither to defer to the action of the Fedeial Gov-
ernment. But matters newand ^tattling may arise,and he
may feel that his duty is to meet the emergency in carrying
his action so far as to not only repel the aggressions ot
Mexico, but to adopt fucli measures as will prevent the
occurrence of similar inroads upon our ftontier.
Texas can, and will if appealcdto, in thiity days be able
to muster m the field ten thousand men, who are anxious,
embarrassed as her finances are, to make reclamation upon
Mexico lor all her wrongs.
Can wc hope lor aid fiom the Federal Government?
I have the honor to be, 3 our most obedient servant,
SAM HOUSTON.
And again, under date of the 12th of March, in
a communication addressed to the Secretary of
War, is the following:
" Sir : Realizing that it is my duty to address your De-
partment, that it may be laid before his Excellency, the
President, I thus devote myself to action loi two pui poses—
fir.^t, to vindicate myself fiom misapprehension; and next,
to obtain, if possible, protection for our fiontier inhabitants, ~
whose suffering and losses, I feel assured, are not felt or
known by the Government.
"In a New Orleans paper my eye met a telegraphic
dispatch of the 3d instant, from Washington, stating that
the ' Piesident disapproves 01 the action taken by Governor
Houston in calling out volunteers in Texas to detond the
frontier.' I can but feel a>sured that this remark, m view
of the facts which havetrani-pired since my induction into
olFice, cannot be justified, and calls for refutation, for the
reason that J have oidered no troops 011 the Rio Grande,
or destined for that fiontier.
" To Hon. John tt. Floyd, Secretary of War."
A further extract from the same letter:
"Now, as to my calling out volunteers, you will be able
to judge of the piopi iety of niv call when you have the facts
which J present to the Department before you. Forthe in-
fonnation of the Department, I have to state that, within
the las>t four months, our Indian frontier, as well as some
counties considered in the inteiiO>, have been exposed to
ruthless depredations from the Indians, someofthem within
foity-four miles of our State capital. Accompanying thw
lcttei, 1 send the Department a list of persons killed, a> well
as the localities in which the nmtders vveie pei petiated. Tn
the last four months fitty-one persons weic killed, and many
wounded m escaping fiom the savages Horses to the num-
ber of eighteen hundred have been uolen, and within the
labt few days seventy horses were stolen from the dragoons
at camp Cooper.
<k When the orders which have been issued by the exec-
utive of Texas reach the Depuitmont, they will at once
show the necessity of his couise, as well as the propriety of
'calling out volunteers in Texas to defend the fiontier.'
" I (annot but urge most earnestly the calling out of a
regiment of rangers by the Fedeial Government, to protect
the lives and propeity of our citizens."
And again, in a communication addressed to
the people of Texas, on the 24th of March, the
executive of Texas uses the following language:
" Our bleeding and suffering fellow-citizens 011 the fiont-
lei call for aid. The services of all those in a Mtuation to
re-pond to the call of humanity are needed to anost the
thetts, minders, and rapine, of which tidings aie borne by
express almost daily to the executive. If there are any
who meditate an independent invasion of Mexico, he points
them to their own race—theirown kindied and lellow-cit-
izens—the helpless women and childien of the fiontier.
'• It will thus be seen that I have presented full) the con-
dition of Texas, and have used all proper mean'? 10 injure
the action oi the Fedeial Government, and save Texas the
necessity of acting for herself.
Tile ibHovvmg dispatch, just received from the Secre-
tajyol Wai, will hliow that my tender of voluntccis will
not be accepted, and that but a very small quantity or .arms
can be obtained.'1
Governor Houston has been continuously,from
the time he was inductcd into office up to the last
mails that have 1 eached us from Texas, cis a faith-
ful executive officer charged with the duty of see-
ing that the people of his State were protected,
urging on the Government the necessity of giving
such protection to the people of Texas. When
his first communication reached here, the Texas
delegation in Congress—the Senators and Repre-
