1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
going to refer to it. It did require a special act to
settle the accounts of the Clerk who had paid money
under such a resolution as this. I have never voted
for such a resolution, and I never intend to; and
I oppose them upon principle. What is that prin-
ciple ? If the ClerK is not paid enough, if $3,600 is
not an adequate compensation, increasehis salary.
I am for paying public officers all their services
are worth. I am in favor of paying them good
salaries, but am opposed to violating the provis-
ions of the law, by voting extra compensation by
this House. If this resolution is passed, I warn
gentlemen of others, of the same character, which
are to come after it. There are more extra com-
pensations to be paid before this session closes;
for never, since I have been a member of this
House, has a session passed that there has not
been more than one such proposition.
Mr. FLORENCE. Sufficient unto the day is
the evil thereof.
Mr. BURNETT. No man here would more
readily vote for any proposition in which the gen-
tleman from Illinois, the late Clerk, is interested
than I, if I were to consult my personal feelings.
But I am opposed to this resolution, because I
believe it wrong in principle; and hence, I called
for the yeas and nays upon it. And I say to gen-
tlemen now, that, whenever they want to pass
such resolutions, I will not open my mouth upon
them, if they will only give us a record vote upon
it. I move to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
Mr. PHELPS. I hope the gentleman will with-
draw his motion to lay upon the table.
Mr. BURNETT. The House can vote down
the motion, but I will not withdraw it.
The question was taken; and the motion to re-
consider was laid upon the table.  
Mr. SHERMAN. Before I submit amotion
to adjourn, which I shall presently do, I desire to
submit the motion that when the House adjourns,
it adjourn until Monday next; and I do it partly
to give the Speaker time to organize the commit-
tees of the House.
ARRANGEMENT OF TlfE HALL.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Will the gentleman
from Ohio withdraw his motion for a moment,
until I can submit a resolution to which I think
there will be no objection?
Mr. SHERMAN. I will do so until I can hear
the resolution read for information.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That a committee of thiec members be ap-
pointed by the Speaker to inquiie into the propriety of re-
moving the benches or seats from the Hall of the House,
and replacing the desks and chairs; and that the said com-
mittee ascertain the length of time which will be required
to make the proposed change, and the cost thereof; and
that they have leave to report at any time.
Mr. Burnett, Mr. Miles, and others, objected.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. COYODE. By the permission of the gen-
tleman from 01^>, I desire to give notice of my
intention to introduce a bill, at the earliest prac-
ticable period, for the purpose of raising revenue
to meet the necessary expenditures of the Gov-
ernment, to prevent fraud on the revenue, to es-
tablish home valuation, and to impose a specific
duty upon iron, coal, and such other articles as
may be necessary to protect American industry.
Mr. FLORENCE. I object to gentlemen giving
such notices in open House. It can be done un-
der the rules.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is no necessity of
giving notice of bills with such formality, as we
have a rule allowing members to give notice by
filing the same with the Clerk.
Mr. FLORENCE. If this practice is estab-
lished , we shall have a hundred of them every day.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move that when this
House adjourns, it adjourn to meet 011 Monday
next.
Mr. BARR. Let it be until a week from Mon-
day.
The SPEAKER. That would be contrary to
the Constitution, and it cannot be done.
Mr. PENDLETON. Does my colleague pro-
pose to defer the passage of the Post Office ap-
propriation bill until next Monday ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I think we had better ad-
journ over until Monday. That bill cannot be
acted upon in the Senate before that time, as they
have already adjourned over.
Mr. PHELPS. I ask the gentleman from Ohio
to withdraw his motion*
Mr. SHERMAN. I must insist upon my mo-
tion now.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would suggestto
the gentleman from Ohio that he should substi-
tute Tuesday for Monday.
Mr. SHERMAN. I cannot get the consent of
this side of the House to that. On Monday we
can elect all the other officers.
Mr. ENGLISH. I demand the yeas and nays
on the motion of the gentleman from Ohicr.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 113, nays 97; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Green Adams, Ad-
ram, Alley, William C. Anderson, Ashleyy Babbitt, Bealc,
Bingham, Blair, Blake, Brayton, Briggs/Buffintonj Bum-
ham, Butterfield, Campbell, Carter, Case, Colfax, Conkhng,
Corvvm, Covode, Cox, Curtis, FI. Winter Davis, John G.
Davis, Dawes, Delano, Duel], Dunn, Edgerton, Edwards,
Eliot, Ely, Farnsworth, Feriton, Ferry, Foster, Frank,
French, Gilmer, Gooch, Grow, Gurley, Hall, Hill, I-Ioaid,
Humphrey, Hutchins, Iivine, Junkm, Fiancis W. KeHo™,
William Kellogg, "Kenyon, Kilgore, Killingcr, DeWitt C.
Leach, Lce,Longneeker, Loomis,Lovejoy, Maelay,Mars-
ton, McKean, McICnight, Moorhead, Mouill, Edward Joy
Morris, Mojse, Nelson, Palmer, Peny. Pettit, Porter, Pot-
ter, Pottle, Reynolds, Rice, Christopher Eobm^on, James
C. Robinson, Royce, Schwartz, Seranton, Sedgwick, Sher-
man, Spaulding, Spinner, Stanton, Stevens. William Stew-
art, Stratton, Tappan, Thayer, Theaker, Tompkins, Train,
Trimble, Vandevei, Van Wyck, Verree, Wade, Waldro'i,
Walton, Cachvalader C. Washburn, Elhhu B. Washbuine,
Israel Washburn, Webster, Wellj, Wilson. Wood, and
Woodruff—113.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Thomas L. Anderson, Ashmoie,
Avery, Barksdale, Barr, Barrett, Bocock, Bonhain, Bou-
ligriv, Boyce, Brabson, Bri^tow, Burch, Burnett, Carey,
Floiace F. Clark, John B. Clark, Clemens, Clopton, Cobb,
| John Cochrane, Cooper, Burton Craigo, Crawford, Curry,
« Davidson, Reuben Davis, De Jarnette, Dimmick, Edmurnl-
■ son, English, Etheridge, Florence. Fouke,Garnett. Gattiell,
! Hamilton, Ilaideman, John T. Harris, Ilatton, Hawkins,
' Holman, Houston, Hughes, Jackson, Jenkins, Jones, Keitt,
j Lamar, Landrum, Lariabee, James M. Leach, Leake, IjO-
! gan, Love, Mallory, Chailc& D. Maitm, Maynard,MeClcr-
; nand, McQ.ueen, McRae, Mile-*, Millson, Montgomery,
j Laban T. Moore, Sydenham Moore, I>aac N. Morns, Nib-
: lack, Noell, Pendleton, Peyton, Phelp<, Prjor, Q,uarle°,
Reagan, Riggs, Ruffin, Rust, Scott, Sickles, Simms, Single-
ton, William Smith, William N. II. Smith, Somes, James
A. Stewart, Stokes, Stout, Taylor, Thomas, Vallandigham,
Vance, Whiteley, Winslow, Woodson, and Wright—97.
So the motion was agreed to.
After the call had been commenced—
Mr. GARNETT said: I desire to make an in-
quiry of the gentleman from Ohio 
Mr. GROW. I object. There has been an
answer on the roll-call.
Mr. GARNETT. I understand that there has
been no response.
The SPEAKER. If objected to, there can be
no debate during the call of the roll.
Mr. GARNETT. There was no response when
I rose.
Several Members. Yes there was.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Adams, of Massachu-
setts, had answered.
The Clerk proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. CRAW*FORD, when his name was called,
said: I desire, before I vote, to ask the gentleman
from Ohio, whether the Speaker desires an ad-
journment for the purpose of arranging the com-
mittees ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I understand that the
Speaker will be ready to announce the commit-
tees as early as Wednesday next-, but I have
moved an adjournment till Monday for the pur-
pose of enabling us to complete our organization,
by the election of the various officers of (lie House.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Why not do it now?
Mr. SHERMAN. Because we are not ready
on this side of the House. At any rate, we can
do nothing before Wednesday.
Mr. CRAWFORD. If the adjournment be not
for the purpose of enabling the Speaker to appoint
the committees, I shall vote (i 110."
Mr. IIUGIIES, when his name was called,
said: I am opposed to any adjournment till after
the Post Office appropriation bill is acted on. I
wish to see where the responsibility for delay rests.
I therefore vote " no."
Mr. LEAKE, when his name was called, said:
I I want to understand what I am voting about. I
; believe the motion is to adjourn till Monday next.
1 know no reason why the House should adjourn
till Monday, and I would like to hear one single
1 reason.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order,
Mr. SHERMAN. Shall I answer the gentle*
mail?
Mr. LEAKE. Certainly,
Mr. SHERMAN. We can do nothing by meets
ing to-morrow. A single objection would carry
over the Post Office appropriation bill, because,
by the rules which wc have adopted, that billmust
go to the Committee of Ways and Means. There-:
fore, I do not see how we can do anything before
Wednesday next, except to complete the organs
ization of the House. Every gentleman has a
little business to do, and he can attend to it by
our adjourning till Monday.
Mr. LEAKE. I am obliged to the gentleman
from Ohio. Will he answer me another question?
He says every gentleman has a little business to
attend to to-morrow. Do you want to have a
caucus to-morrow?
Mr. SHERMAN. We may want to have a
caucus.
Mr. RUST. Is this colloquy in order? If so,
let that be understood hereafter.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. LEAKE. If the motion be to a&jouj?ii till
Wednesday, 1 will vote for it.
Mr. HOUSTON. Oh, let us stay here aiid
finish the organization.
Mr. LEArCE. The result, then, is thisj they
have already succeeded, Mr. Speaker, in electing
you.
Mr. FENTON. I call the gentleman to order,
The SPEAKER. No debate is allowed while
the roll is being called, except by unanimous co ?
sent. Discussion is objected to.
Mr. LEAKE. It is too late to object now.
Consent was given, and I gave way to an answer
from the gentleman from Ohio, to whom I always
listen with attention.
Mr. FENTON. I renew my point of order,
Debate is not 111 order during the call of the roll,
for any purpose whatever.
The"SPEAKER. Debate is not in order, and
the Clerk will call the roll.
Mr. LEAKE. If that is the decision of the
Chair, then I know the Chair is right. The
Speaker is always right; particularly the Speaker
we have now. 1 submit. I vote "no."
Mr. NIXON stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Stevenson.
Mr. CORWIN stated that his pair with Mr.
Underwood was limited entirely to votes for offi-
cers of the House, and questions connected there-
with. He did not suppose that this was one of
them. Ho, therefore, voted 44ay."
Mr. BOCOCK. I thought that this delay was
asked for in order to allow the Speaker to ap-
point committees. Intending, myself, to extend
to the Speaker all the usual courtesies, I voted
"ay;" but, finding that the adjournment is not
for that purpose, I change my vote, and vote
44 no."
Mr. HATTON. I voted "ay," supposing tha£
the Speaker desired time to appoint the commit-
tees. Understanding now that that is not the ob*-
ject of the adjournment, I change my vote, and
vote 44 no."
Mr. PRYOR stated that Mr. Boteleu bad
paired olf with Mr. Millward.
Mr. FLORENCE moved to dispense with the
reading of the names.
Mr.^HOUSTON. I object. Better read them.
[ The result of the vote was announced as above.
j POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
! Mr. PHELPS. T ask unanimous consent to
! introduce a bill making appropriations for the
I deficiencies in the revenue of the post Office De-
I partment for the last fiscal year, and making an
i appropriation, m part, toward the support of the
| Post Office Department for this fiscal year. If the
: bill be received, I will enter a motion to commit
j it. As we have no Printer, it is useless to order
it to be printed; but I trust it will be published in
the proceedings of to-day, so that every member
may have an opportunity of reading it. I pro-
pose to call it up on Monday next. [Cries of
" Agreed!'*]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
ask one question of the gentleman from Missouri.
Docs his bill propose to reinstate the mail service
! of the country that has been discontinued?
: Mr. PHELPS. It does not, because that is a
i question to be considered at another time. I think
