1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2629
her coffers where it was bearing no interest, but
only where it bore interest, or where the State in
some way or other lost interest. The State of
Maryland lost interest by selling an interest-bear-
ing l'und. 'l'he State of Alabama lost interestby
taking her money out of her State bank and less-
ening the line of her discounts. In these two
cases interest was paid.
Mr. POLK. Prom the statement made by the
Senator from Maryland, it is very evident that this
is a kind of legislation, appropriating m'oney,that
•ought to be very carefully framed. It is offered
here to an appropriation bill. The amount is very
heavy. The condition of the Treasury is not
very plethoric; and the fact is, that though we
may feel that the claim is perhaps just, we enter-
tain great reluctance in voting for it at this mo-
ment. More than that, 1 do not understand that
the amendment provides that the amount shall be
paid in interest-bearing bonds,but that the States
may be allowed to take interest-bearing bonds.
Mr. IVERSON. It is left discretionary with
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay in that way
if ho chooses.
Mr. POLK. That relieves it of one very great
objection at the present moment, for I was about
to suggest that if we make an appropriation, that
appropriation should contain in itself the means
of raising the money necessary to meet it. It is
pretty hard on the new States, it is true. The
new States have been heretofore-compelled to let
the proceeds of their public lands go into the
Treasury, for the benefit of the old States as well
as the new States, when the old States have got
all the lands in theirown limits; and now the new
Slates have to bear a portion of this burden for
the purpose of paying this war debt. T do not
know that I shall vote against it, yet I feel very
reluctant to vote for it under present circum-
stances. I would much prefer that a bill should
be introduced in the ordinary way, and that it
should come up regularly, so that we should have
a better opportunity to examine into it than we
can have now. Itis new to many of the Senators—
bran new: probably they never heard of it until
this moment. I heard of it when it was before
the Senate once on a former occasion, and other
Senators who are in the same position as myself
may not have looked into it as much perhaps as
we ought to have done.
Every person will admit, I admit, thafthe mode
of calculating interest which has been suggested
by the Senator from Georgia and the Senator from
Maryland is the correct mode of doing it. Itis
themodethat I understand is universally adopted,
and I believe the only just mode. I should be
very sorry to have to vote on this amendment just
now. I would much prefer that the measure had
not come before the Senate now, but should have
been brought forward as a separate, independent
bill. We have already appropriated, I believe,_
upwards of a million dollars for the purpose of
fortifications on this bill, as an amendment brought
in by the Committee on Military Affairs; and now
here coracs an appropriation of ^1,(100,000 as an
amendment offered by the Committee on Claims.
Both ofthese are omnibuses, and cai i y heavy loads
of passengers m the way of appropriations. I
would myselfgreatly prefer that it were not pressed
on this bill.
Mr. IVERSON. The Senator from Missouri
admits that the debt is a just one.
^Ir.POLK. I did not admit that. I admitted
that the mode of calculation stated by the Senator
from Georgia is a lust mode of calculation.
Mr. IVERSON. Very well. The amendment
simply prescribes that that shall be the mode of
computation. If there is nothing found due in
that mode, of course nothing is to be paid; but if
anything is found duo under that, I think the Sen-
ator admits that it is just to the States to pay it.
He admits the modus operandi of arriving at the
result to be a just one. Then, unquestionably,
if anything is found due on the adjustment, it is
a just debt, and according to the argument of the
Senator from Missouri, the only objection to be
made is the inconvenience of paying. It is sim-
ply this; the Senator owes a just and honorable
debt, which he is bound by every principle of
justice and honor to pay; the creditor comes for-
ward and asks him to pay it: and he says, " It is
not convenient, and I will not pay the amount."
That argument of convenience is obviated, as he
himself admits, by the fact that we give a credit
to the Government—wifcdo not demand that the
Government shall pay the money in cash—but if
the Secretary of the Treasury thinks there is not
a sufficient amount in the Treasury to enable him
conveniently to pay cash, he is authorized by this
amendment to issue bonds to the States, and they
are compelled to take them. They are very will-
ing to take bonds bearing five per cent, interest.
That will give the Government an opportunity
of paying these debts without any inconvenience.
The Senator thinks it ought to have come up
on a separate bill. Sir, it has come up on an ap-
propriation bill whenever it has come up before
Congress. The law which was passed in 1857,
refunding this money to Maryland, was in an
appropriation bill. It was what was called the
miscellaneous bill. Two years ago this amend-
ment offered by me from the Committee on Claims
was put upon the miscellaneous appropriation
bill, and last year it was put on the Army appro-
priation bill; and on both occasions points of order
were made by the Senator from Virginia, the chair-
man of the Finance Committee, and on both oc-
casions overruled, the first by a solemn vote of
the Senate on the yeas and nays, and at the last
session by the Presiding Officer, so that the Sen-
ate has solemnly ad judicated oil two former occa-
sions that it is in order to put this amendment on
an appropriation bill. It has never come up 111
any other shape. It has been presented in an
appropriation bill always, whenever the question
has been presented at all; and if seems to me to
be eminently proper to go on the Army appropri-
ation bill. These were advances made by the
States for military purposes, to aid the Geneial
Government in fighting the enemies of the coun-
try; and certainly, according to every principle
that has ever been established by the Government,
the States were entitled to be reimbursed back
this money which they advanced for the common
defense. That principle was applied to the ad-
vances made by the States during the revolution-
ary war, and every dollar which the States ad-
vanced during the Revolution, or nearly so, has
long since been refunded back to the several States.
It is a principle as old as the Government itself,
and surely it is not proper now to withhold from
the States this measure of justice which the Sen-
ator from Missouri himself admits to be right.
Readmits that the States have had injustice done
them in computing the interest by the accounting
officers; but now, on an argument ofinconvenience,
because the Treasury may not be overflowing,
many Senators say, " Do not let us be called upon
to pay it; put it on some other bill; do not put
it on an appropriation bill." I do not think the
argument is one which is just to the States. I
certainly think, if this money is due, it ought to be
paid. The amendment does not preclude that,
question; it does not commit the Government to
any particular amount. It is true, that the ac-
counting officers of the Treasury, in response to a
resolution of the House of Representatives, have
reported the amount due to certain States accord-
ing to this mode of computation; and now this
amendment guards the Government against any
imposition, because it provides that no interest
shall be paid to any State except where the State
either paid interest or lost interest. That is the
provision of the bill which we passed allowing
interest to the States on advances, and that is
strictly adhered to ill this amendment; so that it
seems to me there can be 110 reason why it should
not pass now just as well as at any other time.
Mr. FESSifiNDEN. When this matter was
up before, some two or three years ago, Iliad
occasion to say a few woid about it, and to ex-
plain what my understanding of it was; and if the
Senate will pardon me. I will do so again, m
order to see if I have a full undeistanding of it.
The amendment proposed contains two prop-
ositions; and these propositions, if earned into
effect, will, as has been stated, involve a consid-
erable amount of money. I am not in the habit
of being very much frightened by an amount,
with reference to this Government, especially
when it is to payadebt that is due; and t do not.
think that, large and rich as the United States
are, they should be frightened by an amount of
money which they owe, when they can pay it a
great deal more easily than those to whom they
owe it can lose it. It only strengthens the argu-
ment in the case of a debt.^
The amendment, as 1 said, involves two prop-
ositions. One is this: it jays a State interest on
advances made to this Government, wherever the
State has either paid interest or lostiriteres.t; that
is to say, if a State, in making advances for.the
benefit of the Government of the United States,
was obliged to borrow money and pay interest
for it, the United States repays th?t interest; orif
a State, in making advances, was compelled to
sacrifice an interest-bearing fund, then it has lost
the interest, and the United States repays it. Is
there anything in the world more just? It is not
paying interest on an advance, where the money
was simply advanced, and there was no loss of
interest; but simply where, in order to make the
advance, the State was compelled to borrow itself,
or else to sacrifice a fund which bore interest.
That is one proposition.
There is another; and that is, that the accounts
of the several States for moneys thus paid, so far
as the interest is conccrned, shall be adjusted upon
theproperand ordinaryprinciples ofjustice recog-
nized between man and man through the whole
country; that is to say,%vhere a sum of money is
due from one man to another, which bears inter-
est, and payment in part is made, interest being
due, the payment is in the first place to be applied
to sinking the. interest; and then, if there is a bal-
ance, to be applied to the principal. That is the
ordinary, universally-received mode,and has been
for years; whereas, as stated by the Senatorfrom
Maryland, the mode adopted by the accounting
officers was, where a sum of money bearing in-
terest was due, and payment in part was made,
the whole of that payment was applied to the
principal, and the interest left to stand—a most
grossly unjust mode of making the application.
This provision requires that the accounts shall be
recomputed upon the common, ordinary princi-
ples of justice between man and man, and not
upon the strict, hard, unjust, illegal rule applied
by the Government itself m making its payments.
These are, the two questions submitted for con-
sideration. They are perfectly simple, and every
Senator can, without difficulty, see the operation of
them. Now, then, if such is the fact—andaboutthe
fact there is no dispute—is it a new thing? It is not
a new thing, for in the case of Maryland and Ala-
bama, the last has alredy been done; that is, there
has been a recomputation. With regard to the
former, it has been done in numerous instances,
which you will find scattered through the statute-
books. I have seen a reference to some three or
four cases. Virginia was one case where it was
done, where Virginia had paid interest and lost it
several years ago—I believe as long ago as the
time of Mr. Monroe, in accordance with a recom-
mendation of his. There is nothing new in it. It
is simply adopting two principles, perfectly just
and righteous in themselves, and applying them
to cases which have not been settled m accord-
ance with the measure of justice which has been
heretofore meted out to some States and not to
others. So not only arc right, justice, righteous-
ness, m favor of the measure, but precedent and
practice are in favor of it also. That is the way
the question now stands.
Now, what says the honorable Senator from
Missouri? He prefers that this should be pre-
sented in a separate bill. The answer is, that it
is presented in the way in which it has been pre-
sented heretofore. Being a military matter, and
arising out of a military matter, it is put upon the
Army appropriation bill—precisely where the
amendment was put in the case of Maryland.
There is nothing new in that, therefore. Then,
he says, he wants time to look into it; he does
not know that it has been considered. Why, sir,
it is not offered by an individual; it comes from
a committee who have carefully consideied the
wording of it. It is not a new movement. It has
been moved heretofore in the Senate twice, cer-
tainly once, and passed, with only ten or a dozen
dissenting voices; so that every Senator has had
an opportunity to look into it. • At any rate, if
you arc disposed to do justice at all, do it within
some reasonable time. The Senator from Mis-
souri must well understand that, if his mode of
arriving at justice in this matter is adopted, it is
only deferred indefinitely. If you refuse to put
this on the appropriation bill, what is the conse-
quence? A bill has to be brought in from a com-
mittee. That bill must pass through its various
stages in each House. The Senator has been here
long enough to understand that ajust claim, under
