1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
know, that prohibits the education of black chil-
dren. Even the slaves in the State of Georgia are
educated to that extent. They arc not permitted to
be taught to write, because that would bedangerous
certainly; for they might then carry on a corre-
spondence, and combinc; but they are permitted
to be taught to read, and they go to our Sunday
schools. There is no prohibition whatever, and
no penalty imposed in my State certainly, and I
think in no other, against learning them to read
the Bible, or to read anything else.
Mr. WILSON. I am very sorry the Senator
from Georgia does not understand the laws of his
own section of the country, ofhisown State. The
Senator from Virginia admitted it to-day. I re-
peat now, sir, that the laws of several of the south'
ern States do punish the teaching of reading to
colored men. In the State of Virginia, sihee I
have held a seat on this floor, Mrs. Douglas was
sent to the house of correction, or to the common
jail, for teaching little children to read God's holv
Word.
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator allow me a
moment?
Mr. WILSON. Certainly.
Mr. MASON. I said on the floor, this morn-
ing, that in the State of Virginia, and so far as I
knew, in Maryland, the established policy was
not to allow the negro race, bond or free, to be
educated. That is certainly the law in Virginia.
What the Jaw of Georgia is, I do not know. I
would ask permission to correct the Senator's
phrase thus far—not that I " admitted" it; I de-
clared it.
Mr. WILSON, Mr. President, the laws of
Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and
several other southern States, and I think the
State of Georgia 
Mr. IVERSON. No, sir.
Mr, WILSON. I am confident the Senator
from Georgia is mistaken. Mr. Stroud, in his
" Sketch of the Laws rplating to Slavery, in the
several States of the United States of America,"
sneaking of the laws of Georgia, says:
"TVtrce statutes have been made in Georgia on this sub-
ject, all of which appear to be stUi in force. The first was
in'1770, and is very similar to the act of South Carolina of
1740, differing chiefly in including in its prohibition, in-
struction in reading as well as writing, and fixing the pen-
alty at twenty pounds sterling. (2 Cobb's Digest, 981.).
il In 1829 it was enacted, i Jf any slave, negro, or free
person of colorj or any white person, shall teach any other
slave, negro, or free person of color to read or write either
written or printed chaiacters, the said free person of color
or slave shall be punished by fine and whipping, orpine or
whipping, at the discretion of the court; and if a white per-
son so offending, he, she or they shall be punished with fine
not exceeding^ueTiundied dollars, and imprisonment in the
common jail at the discretion of the court. (Ib. 1001.)
" In 1853 this further legislation occurred: £ If any person
shalt teach any slave, negro or free person of color to read ox
■un ite either written or printed characters, or shall procure,
suffer or permit a slave, negro, or person of color to transact
business for him in writing, such person so offending shall
be guilty of a misdemeanor, and, on conviction, shall be
•punished by fine, or imprisonment in the common jail, or
both, at the discretion of the court.' (Ib. 828.)"
He farther states that the city government of
Savannah, in 1818, adopted an ordinance "by
which any person that teaches any person of
color, slave or free, to read or write is subject to a
fine of thirty dollars for each offense, and every
person of color who shall keep a school to teach
reading or writing is subject to a fine of thirty
dollars, or to be imprisoned ten days and whipped
thirty-nine lashes."
The Senator from Virginia is right in his decla-
ration that the laws of his State forbid the edu-
cation of the colored race, free and slave. That
ancient Commonwealth enacted in her Code of
1849, that
" Every assemblage of negroes forthe purpose of instruc-
tion in reading or writing shall be an unlawful assembly
Any justice may issue his wan ant to any officer or other
person, requiring him to enter any place where such as-
semblage may bp, and seize any negro therein; and he or
any other justice may order such negio to be puuished with
stripes.
" If a white person assemble with negroes for the purpose
of instructing them to read or write, he shall be con fined to
jail not exceeding six months, and fined not exceeding one
hundred dollars."
Of the legislation of other slaveholding States,
Mr. Stroud says:
"In North Carolina, 'any free person who shall here-
after teach, or attempt to teach, any slave within this State
to read or write, the use of figures excepted, or shall give or
sell to such slave or slaves any books or pamphlets, shall be
liable to indictment, &c.; and upon conviction shall, at the
discretion of the court, if a white man or woman, be fined
not l£ss than one hundred dollars, nor more than two hun-
dred dollars, or imprisoned; and if a free person of color,
shall be fined, imprisoned, or whipped, at the discretion of
the court, not exceeding thirty-nine lashes, nor less than
twenty lashes.' (Revised Statutes, chapter 34. section 74,
page 209.) And lor a similar offense as to instruction, a
slave shall receive thirty-nine lashes on his oriier bare
back. (Ibid., chapter 3, section 27.)
" Legislation on the subject began in South Carolina at
a comparatively early date. By act of 1740, it was enacted
as follows: ' Whereas the having of slaves taught to write
or suffering them to be employed in writing, may be at-
tended with great inconveniences: Be it enacted, That all
and every person and persons whatsoever who shall here-
after teach or cause any slave or slaves to be taught to write
er shall use or employ any slave as a scribe in anymanncr
of writing hereafter taught to write, every such person or
persons shall for every such offense forfeit the sum of one
hundtedpounds current money. (2Brevard's Digest,243.)
"This was fallowed, in 1800, (leaving the actof 1740 also
in force,) by this enactment: 'Assemblies of slaves, free
negroes, njulattoes, and mestizoes, whether composed of all
or any of such description of persons, or of all or any of the
same and of a proportion of white persons, met together
for the purpose of mental instruction in a confined or secret
place, &c. &e., are declared to be an unlawful mcetin-;
and magistrates are hereby required, &c., to enter into
such confined places, &c. &c., to break doors, &c., if re-
sisted, and to disperse such slaves, free negroes, &c. &e.;
and the officers dispersing such unlawful assemblage may
inflict such corporal punishment, not exceeding twenty lashes,
upon such slaves, free negroes, $c., as they may judge ne-
cessary tor DETERRIJio THEM FROM THE like unlawful
assemblage in future.' (7 Statutes of South Carolina,
440.) And another section of the same actdeclarcs 'That
it shall not be lawful for any number of slaves, free ne-
groes, mulattoes ormestizoes, even in company with white
persons, to meet together for the purpose of mental instruc-
tion, either before the rising of the sun, or after the going
down of the same.' (Ibid.)
" She has sinec added a larger and more direct prohibi-
tion, by act of December 17,1834:' If any person shall here-
after teach any slave to read or write, or shall aid in assist-
ing any slave to read or write, or cause or procure any slave
to be taught to read or write, such person, if a free white
person, upon conviction thereof, shall for every such offense
against this act be fined not exceeding one hundred dollars,
and imprisoned not more than six months; or ifa/reeyer-j
son of color, shall be whipped not exceeding fifty lashes,
and fined not exceeding fifty dollars; and if a slave, shall be
whipped not exceeding fifty lashes; and if any free person
of color or a slave shall keep any such school or other place
of instruction for teaching any slave or free person of color
to read or mite, such person shall be liable to the same fine,
imprisonment, and corpoial punishment, as are by this act
imposed and inflicted 011 free persons of color and slaves for
teaching slaves to read or write.' (7 Statutes of South Car-
olina, 468.)
" By act of Assembly, of Louisiana, passed in March, 1830,
| all persons who shall teach or cause to be taught any slave
in this State to read or write shall, on conviction thereof,'
&c., ■' be impusoned not less than one nor moie than twelve
months.'
"And m Alabama,1 any person who shall attempt to teach
'iivyjrcc person of color 01 sfai-e to si'ELL, read or write, shall,
upon conviction,' &c.,' be fined in a sum not less than two
hundred and fiftv dollars, nor more than five hundred dol-
lars.' (Clay's Digest, 543, act of 1832, 10.)"
In speaking of the moral and religious instruc-
tion of the colored race in the slave States, Mr.
Stroud declares that " the efforts of the humane
and charitable to supply their wants are dis-
countenanced by law," and ho quotes from the
laws of Georgia in 1792, of South Carolina in
1800, of Virginia in 1849, and of Mississippi, to
show the restrictions imposed upon the colored
race in regard to moral culture. The laws
against the mental and moral instruction of the
colored race are against the precepts of Christian-
ity. They smite civilization in the face; they dis-
honor man; they disgrace the country and the
age. Instead of reading lectures to us When we
propose to educate the children of a few thousand
poor colored men in this District, Senators should
shange their own sentiments, which are hostile to
the sentiment of God's holy Word, that teaches
us to do unto others as we would they should do
unto us, and to love our neighbor as ourselves. I
do not believe those laws to be neccssary any-
where. I am sure they are not necessary herein
this District; and I say to the Senator from Vir-
ginia that, instead of conforming the legislation of
this District to the laws of Maryland and Virginia,
to those old colonial laws, or to any modern laws
upon this subject, we should adopt the wise,
humane, and Christian policy of aiding in the
education of every child, black or white. It is a
policy that will keep these children from the com-
mission ofcrimc—from the penitentiaries. It is a
policy that will enable them in the race of life to im-
prove andelevate their condition; and I am amazed
111 this sixty-first year of the nineteenth century,
in this national capital, that we should have this
resistance to educating two or three thousand poor
black children in the capital of this Christian Re-
public.
We are a nation of thirty million people—'■a
powerful nation—and here is a poor, despised,
degraded race. Do we fear them? Do we fear
their equality? This negro equality seems tb ruft
through the heads of southerngentleoien. Thijre
is great alarm about negro equality. Sir, let us
educate, if we can, these poor colored children",an#
enable them, as far as possible, to improve their
condition in life. There is not a Christian oj-W1
mane sentiment of-the human race that is not with
us, and for us, in a work of this character.
-. 11 believe it to be of great importance, Mr, Pres-
ident, to aid the schools of this District. I shall
vote for this amendment proposed by the Senator
from New Hampshire, because I want to extend
the blessings of moral and mental Culture to thfc
children sf the free colored race. If that is voted
down, I shall vote for the bill, nevertheless, for I
wish to do all the good I can, and 1 will not deny
education to the poor white child because I cannot
sccurcitto the black child. I aminfavor of both.
The Senator from Mississippiand the Senator from
Virginia, I take it, would not oppose any propo-
sition here that went to punish these people for
the commission of crime. Then, in God's name,
why should we notcontribu-te a fewthousand dol-
lars to prepare them to engage in the business of
life intelligently? They have theii" schools now;-
they are poor; they.need encouragement. There
is a noble woman here in Washing-ton teaching
colored girls, and if the Senator from Mississippi
er the Senator from Virginia visited that school,
and saw the mental culture there, if they would
not be proud of it, and thank God that these dark-
ened minds were being cultivated by the efforts of
philanthropy, I misunderstand those gentlemen
altogether.
I think the opposition to this measure inhuman, -
unchristian, contrary to the policy of the Govern-
ment, and I hope it is not to prevail. If, however,
the amendment should be voted down, I intend to
vote for the culture, at any rate, of the poor white
children of the District, and live in the hope that
when they are educated, this nation will be edu-
cated up to a position when its statesmen will not
fear the education of men of every race.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator objects to the argu-
ment which treats of the proposition of himself
and his friends, as the assertion of equality be-
tween the white and negro races. Do I under-
stand him as denying the equality, or does he
admit the equality ?
Mr. WILSON. Does the_ Senator want an
answer now ?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes.
Mr. WILSON. The natural equality of all
men I believd in, as far as rights are concerned.
So far as mental or physical equality is concerned,
I believe the African race inferior to the white
race.
Mr. DAVIS. " Natural equality" would im-
ply that God had created them equal, an A had
left them equal, down to the present time. Is that
what the Senator means?
Mr. WILSON. I mean this, Mr. President: I
believe in the equality of rights of all mankind. I
do not believe in the equality of the African'i'ace
with the white race, mentally or physically, and
I do not think morally.s I do not believe in tho
equality of the Indian rage with us; but upon the
question simply of equality of rights, 1 believe in
the equality of all men of every race, blood, and
kindred.
Mr. DAVIS. When the Senator says " equal-
ity of rights of all men," does he mean political
and social rights—political and social equality?
because what "rights" mean is a thing to be de-
termined afterwards. All men have a right to
just so much as belongs to them, so much asfhas'
been conceded to them by the Creator or "by tho
political institutions of the country. I wish to
know whether^ when he denies the equality be-
tween the races, or objects to the argument which
imputes the theory of equality of the races, he
means political and social equality ?
Mr. WILSON. I believe that every human
being has the right to his life and to his liberty,
and to act m this world so as to secure his own
happiness. I believe, in a word, in the Declara-
tion of Independence; but I do not, as I have said,
believe in the mental or moral or physical equal-
ity of some of the races, as against this white race
of ours.
Mr. DAVIS. Then the Senator believes^and
he does not believe, and he changes his position
so rapidly in giving his answers that.it is impos-
sible to tell what he does beliwe. He believes in
