1686
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
the Declaration of Independence, and intimates
that he .means by that all men are equal; but he
immediately announces that there is a difference
between the tws races.
Mr. WILSON. Well, Mr. President, I be-
lieve there are a great many men in the world of
the white race inferior to the Senator from Misis-
sippi, and I suppose there are quite a number supe-
rior to him; but I believe that he andjihe inferior
man and the superior have equal natural rights.
Mr. DAVIS. I suppose the Senator knows
what he means. I take it for granted he does;
but it is impossible for anybody to get it from
his language. I put to him the plain question:
whether there was equality of races under the
political institutions of the United States; whether
there was political and social equality >
Mr. HARLAN. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. DAVIS. Oh, yes.
Mr. HARLAN. Do you then believe in the
political and social equality of all individuals of
the white race ?
Mr. DAVIS. I will answer you, yes; the ex-
act political equality of all white men who are
citizens of the United States. That equality may
be lost by the commission of crime; but white
men, the descendants of the Adamic race, under
our institutions, are born equal; and that is the
effect of the Declaration of Independence.
Mr. HARLAN. If the Senator will allow me,
beingf" born equal" is a phrase that involves the
proposition that the Senator from Massachusetts
has stated. 1 inquired as to their social and their
political equality.
Mr. DAVIS. Their political equality, I stated,
exists, unless it is lost by the commission of
crime, or some disqualification which attaches to
the individual, not to the race. Their social equals
ity will depend upon a great variety of circum-'
stanccs, being the rosult of education and many
other contingencies. Those are conventional, not
political, rights. They do not belong to the insti-
tutions of the country. They may lie matters of
taste. Every man lias n right to select lus own
associates; and he may assert his superiority, and
the person he excludes may regard him as an in-
ferior. All that has nothing to do with anything
which wc have a right to consider. This is not
a debating society. We are not here to deal in
general theories anifmere speculative philosophy,
hut to treat subjects as political questions. The
Senator, therefore, has asked me a question which
does not belong to the occasion or tlft place.
But the Senator from Massachusetts, in his bold
words,announces that he will spealtof this, which
I could not get him to define, whenever he pleases,
and that we must listen to him as long as lie
chooses to speak upon it. Now, sir, as long as
Massachusetts chooses to assign the Senator a
seat here, he has a right to speak. If Massachu-
setts confers upon him the right to speak, he should
be carefil that he speaks as becomes the place
and the position which he holds. When Balaam's
ass talked as a rational being, the miraculous
event became matter of record; but rational be-
ings have brayodlike asses many a time since Ba-
laam's ass spoke, and no one took note of it.
In all the relations of life a gentleman owes it
to himself to avoid giving offense, unless he has
first made up his mind that he is responsible for
it. We do not meet here for the purpose of per-
sonal conflict, no more than for the other pur-
poses concerning which I answered the Senator
from Iowa. Why should propositions bo intro-
duced which it is known are offensive, and bold
words-spoken about the right to talk, and the obli-
gation of people to hoar? A gentleman has no
right to give an insult unless he feels himself bound
to answer for it. There is no man with true re-
spect for himself who will ever give offense, unless
he is willing to answer for it. I can feel but little
respect for that character of conscience which
permits a man to give offense but docs not permit
redress.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to ask the gentle-
man one question, if he will permit me.
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. COLLAMER. It is in relation to his last j
proposition; and the question is this: whether he |
really holds that a gentleman has a right to insult !
another if he will answer for it? j
Mr. DAVIS. I will say to the Senator he has |
no right. I
Mr. COLLAMER. I understobd the gentle-
man to say so.
Mr. DAVIS. I waive the words; and now say,
but if he docs commit an offense against the feel-
ings of a gentleman, he then redeems, as far as
may be, that offense by giving him redress.
Mr. COLLAMER. I understand the gentle-'
man aright; but he qualifies it somewhat. I take
it the Senator does not really mean to be under-
stood as saying that a gentleman has a right to
insult another anywhere, not even if he will
answer for it.
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly the right to aggress
does not exist. I believe I have answered the
question: that one redeems that breach of another's
rights by giving him redress.
Mr. COLLAMER. That is to say, if a gen-
tleman intentionally insults me, I am to invite
him out that ho may shoot me, and that is called
satisfaction.
Mr. DAVIS. It may be
Mr. COLLAMER. That is logic I do not
comprehend.
Mr. DAVIS. That may be. I put to the Sen-
ator a question.
Mr. COLLAMER. I did not hear it.
Mr. DAVIS. I say I will put it. Do you feel
you can use offensive language to another, and
then plead your conscience in bar of giving him
redress?
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire to answer that
question, because the gentleman and I will hardly
misunderstand each other, and htyrdlv hold differ-
ent sentiments about it. I answer that I under-
stand no gentleman has a right to insult another
at all.
« Mr. DAVIS. Grant it.
Mr. COLLAMER. And lie is no gentleman if
he does. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAVIS. Thatis going alittle too far, be-
cause men of hot temper sometimes do. I would
not write the gentleman a blackguard on account
of ajiot temper, and I know lie is a man of im-
patient temper.
Mr. COLLAMER. That may be true. I do
not call that statement an offense, because there
is too much truth in it. My understanding about
this subject is this: I regard an intentional insult
as no act of a gentleman. I think we shall hardly
disagree in that.
Mr. DAVIS. No; if itis deliberate and wanton.
Mr.COLLAMER. Thatiswhatlmean. Now,
a man may commit ail offense of that character
in haste and inconsiderately. Such a man should
immediately, whenever coolness and lcflection
name to him, give satisfaction by an apology.
That is what a gentleman will do—not satisfaction
by persisting in it intentionally, but satisfaction
by apology, and ns publicly as the offense was
made, if it is asked. That is the way I under-'
stand it.
Mr. DAVIS. And then, if he makes an apol-
ogy, if it is cordial, he takes care not to do the
same thing again; so that he docs not come into
the Senate and use defiant language, and in defiant
tone, cither that he shall make an apology or re-
fuse redress.
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President, I was not
in when, 1 suppose, that to which the gentleman
alludes may have taken place. I simply took up
the statement 1 understood him to make, to which
I have alluded. I know nothing about the trans-
action to which the gentleman alludes.
Mr. DAVIS. I have no doubt the Senator and
myself generally concur in the view which he
presents. I certainly would not hold any man
justifiable in wantonly wounding the feelings of
another.
Mr. DURKEE. I should like to ask a question
of the Senator from Mississippi, and it is a prac-
tical question: whether he is opposed to the col-
ored people of the District educating themselves >
Mr. DAVIS. I did not hear the question.
Mr. DURKEE. Are you opposed to leaving
the colored population to educate themselves by
law. >
Mr. DAVIS. Oh, no. I have no objection to
their having any education of which they are sus-
ceptible.
Mr. DURKEE. That is a practical question
before the Senate, and I thought I would ask the
Senator.
Mr. DAVIS. My remarks were first directed
to a constitutional point; to a point of political
power. I denied the right of Congress to take
money from the Treasury and distribute it to the
schools of the District.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to ask the gentle-
man a question: whether he thinks it is in the
power of Congress to take money from theTreas-
ury for the education of any children ?
Mr. DAVIS. That was the proposition I was
going on to state—that I denied generally the
power of Congress to take money from the Treas-
ury for the benefit of the schools in the District of
Columbia. Then I denied the fitness, the propri-
ety, the decency, and the fraternity, of attempting
to put negro children and the white upon the same
level, and to tax us to educate the negro children
of this District; that one was a social offense, while
the other was an offense against political law. I
met the two questions,'as founded upon funda-
mental error; the first, in attempting to put the
races upon an equality, and the other, in attempt-
ing to use the powers of this Government for elee-
mosynary purposes, either in the District or oat
of it. My objections were general. They went
to the whole proposition. I was not sustaining the
bill, and warring upon the nmendmentof the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire; but I considered them
both objectionable, but for different reasons, and
so stated when first on the floor of the Senate.
But, Mr. President, these objections to what I
considered an offense against the law of nature,
and against the Constitution of the United States,
are made the basis of high-sounding declarations
about the right of individuals and the obligations
of humanity. I doubt not the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts could, much nearer home than the Dis-
trict of Columbia, find objects for his humanity.
If the newspapers have spoken truly of the long
processions of men, of women, and of children
suffering for want of bread, and deprived of labor
by which to obtain it, he might in the village of
his own residence find objects more meet to re-
ceive, and having higher claims upon his human-
ity than the negro children of the District of Co-
lumbia.
But this is a cheap humanity, which finds in tffe
Treasury of the United States the source upon
which to draw for its gratification; and thatis a
cheap philosophy, too, which announces " do unto
others as you would others should do unto jou,"
and makes the application of it in violation of
those rights of others which it is the duty of every
man, as a social being, as well as a member of
the political community, to respect. I know that
wise maxim, that rule upon which is founded
nearly the whole theory of the obligation of man
to man, has been tortured into a justification of
theft—stealing people's negroes, on the ground that
you should do unto the negroes as you would the
negroes should do unto you; but I do not believe
a negro would steal him. It would be a bad bar-
gain if he did. These maxims, universal in their
application, are tortured from their^truc meaning
to justify outrage, not only upon constitutional
right, but upon moral obligations.
If Senators had thought proper to confine their
operations, in educating negro children, to their
own section, I know of no one who has ever ob-
jected to it; I know of no one who has ever ex-
pressed any fear about it. I know of no authority
by which the Senator speaks of the fear of south-
ern men if the negroes are taught to read. The
Senator from Virginia has well said that there are
conditions of socicty in which it became improper
for them to read, and that those are questions of
which each community may judge; but that con-
dition results m no small degree from the corrupt
tendency, the vicious purposes of those who are
ever intermeddling with the affairs of their neigh-
bors. If there were no incendiary publications
to be put into the hands of the negroes; if they
came truly, as they now fictitiously attempt to
present the question in the United States Senate,
with the Word of God in their hands, and had
come with that only, there never could have been
any objection to educating the negro children.
The Senator from Virginia has no doubt seen
often, as well in the family circle as in the parish
church, a class of negroes taught the great truths
of the Bible; taught prayers orally. The man
must bo wanting in common sense who does not
perceive that the owner of slaves will desire them
to understand the great maxims of rectitude which
that holy book contains. It is his interest, if he
had no higher motive to prompt him. It is a book
