666
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
that when the contractors have been six or eight
months without payment, and when the certifi-
cates issued to them by the Postmaster General
have been, at one time, at a discount of twenty
per cent, in the market, and as Congress is now
' organized, it is but right that we make appropria-
tions for the deficiencies in the last fiscal year; and
also to enable those needy and distressed con-
tractors to receive some money in order to carry
on the present mail service. When the bill ap-
propriating money to Supply the deficiencies of
this fiscal year—appropriating the revenues of the
Post Office Department for that purpose, and as
much as is necessary from the Treasury—comes
up, the question suggested by the gentleman from
Illinois can be considered in the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of irtinois. I desire to
ask another question. Will this other bill be im-
mediately taken up, so that that question can be
considered?
Mr. PHELPS. I cannot, answer that ques-
tion, and for this reason 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Docs this
bill embrace any appropriation extending beyond
the 31st December?
Mr. PHELPS. No, sir; in my opinion, the
appropriation will hardly be sufficient for the ex-
penses to the 31st December: but it is only to
cover that expenditure.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have no
objection to that, if it does not in any way inter-
fere with early action on my suggestion.
Mr. PHELPS. By n6 means. That is a mat-
ter to be disposed of when the other bill comcs
up.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to see if I under-
stand the gentlemen. 1 understand that this bill,
which the gentleman now proposes, appropriates
money to meet the deficiencies for the year term-
inating the 31st December, 1859.
- Mr. PHELPS. Let it be received.
Mr. HOUSTON. I thought it was received.
Mr. PHELPS. Let it be read a first and sec-
ond time.
There being no objection, the bill making ap-
propriations to defray the deficiencies in the ap-
propriations for the service of the Post Office De-
partment, for the fiscal year ending 30th June,
1859,and in part for the support of the Post Office
Department for the year ending 30th June, 1860,
was read a first and second time.
The following is the bill:
Be it enacted by the Senate and Howe of Representatives
of the United States of America in Consras assembled, That
trie sum of $4,296,009 26 is hereby appropriated out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the
purpose of supplying thr deficiency in the revenues and de-
fraying the expenses of the Post Office Department, for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1859.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That, towards the sup-
port of the Post Office Department, for the fiseal year end-
ing the 30th of June, 1860, the sum of $1,000,000, payable
out of any money in the Treasury arising iiom tin1 revenues
of th<" Post Office Depaitmcnt, is, heieby appropriated, and
the further sum of $2,400,000 is hereby appropriated, pay-
able out of any money in the Treasury not otheiwise ap--
propriated, said sums to be expended m conformity with the
provisions of the act of the 2d day of July, 1836, in the pay-
ment of salaries of officers and clerks, and for the transport-
ation of the mails.
Sec. 3. Jhid be it further enacted, That interest, at the
rate of six per cent, per annum, to commence one month
after the expiration of the quarter in which the service was
rendered, to the date of the approval of tln-> act, shall be
paid On all sums found due to the contractors tnr carrying
the mail; and that a sum sufficient to pav the same be, and
is hereby, appropriated out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated.
Sec. 4. Jind be it further enacted, That the sum of $1,000
be, and the same is hereby, appropriated for the services
"of temporaly clerks, in expediting the payment of creditors
of the Po^t Office Department.
Mr. PHELPS. Permit me to enter a motion
to refer the bill to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, merely to preserve it
from going to the Speaker's table. I do not de-
Hire thatitshallgo there. On the contrary, I hope
it will bo considered as soon as possible in the
House.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is the point to which
I propose to address a remark. The bill, as I
understand it, appropriates money to meet the
indebtedness of the Post Office Department for the
fiscal year ending June 30,1859. That is the first
part of the bill. It then appropriates money for
the expenses in part of that Department for the
current year. There then can be no objection to
the bill; or if there is any objection, it is really
because it does not appropriate sufficient for the
entire year. I think the bill ought to have em-
braced the entire year; but I will not urge that as
an objection, because I do not wish to interpose
any obstacle to speedy action upon the bill.
But I will suggest that, as the bill is a short one,
it can be very easily understood from its reading
at the Clerk's desk,in the presence of the House;
and, as the case is an extraordinary one, I sug-
gest that the bill be now read through, and put on
its passage.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am agreed
to that.
Mr. HOUSTON. Its provisions are simple;
and we can pass it without delay.
Mr. PHELPS. One word. Gentlemen upon
the other side of the House have been willing to
receive this bill; but they have expressed a desire
to me that the bill shall be printed, so that it may
be read by them. I have told them that if they
would make no objection to its introduction, I
would pursue the course I have indicated. If the
gentlemen upon that side of the House, to whom
I have made the proposition, are willing that it
shall now be put upon its passage, I certainly
have no objection. I am desirous of putting it
upon its passage at this time; but if objection be
made, I am bound to pursue the course I first in-
dicated. ,f
Several Members. Let the bill be read.
Mr. STANTON. I desire to make a suggestion
to the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Houston.]
The Senate have adjourned over till Monday; so
that, if we pass the bill to-day, it cannot reach the
Senate until that time. And I take it for granted
that, if we pass it on Monday morning, it will be
sent to the Senate the same day, and thus no delay
will occur. It appropriates about ten million
dollars, I understand.
Mr. HOUSTON. Let mc say one. word. It
does not appropriate so much as that. But the
gentleman will observe that if it is passed to-day
it can be put iri a condition so that it can be sent
to the Senate on Monday. It can then be passed
by them, and become a law on Monday.
Mr. STANTON. I will make no objection, if
nobody else does.
Mr. Q.UARLES. I object. I am very willing
that the bill shall be read through, if that is desired.
Mr. JONES. I object to the reading.
Mr. Q.UARLES. 1 think the course indicated
by the gentleman from Missouri is the proper one.
Let the bill go over until Monday, and, in the
mean time, it can be printed, and we can be pre-
pared to make any objections to any of its pro-
visions that wc may see proper. But to pass it
now would, in my judgment, be transacting busi-
ness of importance with too much precipitation;
and I therefore object.
Mr. PHELPS. I am satisfied that the better
plan will be to pursue the course I have indicated.
The bill will be printed in the proceedings of the
House, and be ready for action on Monday. I
therefore enter the motion to commit the bill to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
On motion of Mr. PHELPS, (at twenty minutes
to four o'clock, p. m.,) the House adjourned till
Monday next.
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 6, 1860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
The Journal of Thursday last was read and
approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report from the Secretary of State, communi-
cating, in obedience to law, and in compliance
with a resolution of the House of Representatives
of January 13, 1846, lists of the clerks and other
employes of that Department for the year 1859;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of the Interior, communicating, in obe-
dience to law, the annual statement of the appro-
priations for, and expenditures of that Depart-
ment; which, on motion of Mr. Fitzpatkick,
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also laid Before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of the Interior, communicating, in obe-
dience to law, the transcripts of nineteen private
land claims in New Mexico; which, on motion
of Mr. SliDell, was referred to the Committee
on Private Land Claims.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of the Treasury;, communicating, in
compliance with a resolution of the Senate of
January 23, 1860, information in relation to per-
sons employed by the Treasury Department,
whose appointments are not confirmed by the Sen-
ate; which, on motion of Mr. Fitzfatrick, was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of State, communicating, in obedience
to law, the annual statement of the contingent
expenses of that Department; which, on motion
of Mr. Fitzfatrick, was referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of the
Commissioner of Patents, communicating, in obe-
dience to law, the agricultural portion of his an-
nual report; which was ordered to lie on the table;
and a motion of Mr. Fitzfatrick to print the
report was referred to the Committee on Print-
ing.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of the
Superintendent ofPublic Printing, communicating
the seventh annual report of his office, showing
the condition of the public printing; which was
ordered to lie on the table; and a motion of Mr.
Davis to print the report was referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of State, communicating, in pursuance
of law, an abstract of returns of registered sea-
men; which was ordered to lie on the table.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of the
Secretary of State, communicating, in obedience
to law, a report of the commercial relations of the
United States with foreign nations for the year
ending September 30,1859; which was ordered to
lie on the table; and a motion of Mr. Clay to
print «he report was referred to the Committee
on Printing.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WADE presented the petition of Sheldon
Johnson, and others, praying that the militia of
the war of 1812 may be placed on the same foot-
ing, in regard to bounty land, as those who served
in the war with Mexico; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs and Militia.
Mr. KENNEDY presented the petition of Wil-
liam P. Bowkay, praying compensation for his
services, and for certain inventions adopted by the
Government in ship-building; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. MALLORY presented a petition of the
master workmen of the navy-yard at Charles-
town,Massachusetts,praying an increaseof their
pay; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
He also presented the petition of Thomas G.
Corbin, a lieutenant in the Navy, praying to be
allowed the difference between the pay he received
and that of a master, during the time he acted in
the latter capacity; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
He also presented a petition o^fhe master me-
chanics of the navy-yard at Gosport, Virginia,
praying an increase of pay; which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. HAMMOND presented the petition of
William B. Shubrick, praying to be released, on
the books of the Treasury Department, from lia-
bility for a certain sum of money expended for
the public service by him as commander-in-chief
of the naval forces m the Pacific; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. DAVIS. I have received a petition, very
numerously signed, praying that the militia of
the war of 3812, and of the Indian wars, may be
placed on the same footing-, in regard to bounty
land, as those who served in the war with Mexico.
I know nothing of the signers of this petition.
There is some variety in the handwriting, and I
suppose the original signatures are on the petition.
I more its reference to the Committee oil Mili-
tary Affairs and Militia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON presented a petition of Charles
A. Dana and other citizens of New York, praying
Congress to pass a law to prevent all further
traffic in and monopoly of the public lands, and
that they be laid out in farms or lots for the free
and exclusive use of actual settlers; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr, BIGLER presented the petition of J. Bald-
win and others, praying that pensions may be
