244
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 24,
36th Cong". .. .1st Sess. The Republican Land Policy—Homes for the Million—Mr. Foster.
Ho. of Reps.
those people had resorted to plunder. I have
heard the charge made that those people had plun-
dered the Indians. This will be quite as now to
the people of the frontier of Texas as many other
statements that have been made during' this de-
bate, and, Imay add, aboutas true. Such a charge,
if made against the frontier citizcns of Texas as a
community, or any considerable portion of them,
•whether those engaged in active participation in
procuring the removal of the reserve Indians, or
others, is an unqualified slander upon an honest
and worthy people, and deserves but one answer—
denunciation of the slanderer. This people—so
long the subjects of outrage, of robbery, murder,
and insult; worn down with the struggle of years
in resisting the accumulating evils which have
and still surround them—now appeal to the Repre-
sentatives of the people of the United States to aid
the Government m redeeming its plighted faith,
contained in the contract of the annexation of
Texas, to protect her citizens from their savage
foes.
[Here the hammer fell.]
THE REPUBLICAN LAND POLICY-HOMES FOR
THE MILLION.
SPEECH OF HON. S. C. FOSTEll,
OP MAINE,
In the House of Representatives,
April 24, 1860. *
Givt the public lands to the people, and yoit settle the
slavery question, obliterate the frontiers, rltspcnsc
with a standing army, and extinguish J\lormon-
ism.
Mr. FOSTER said:
Mr. Chairman: The proper disposition to bo
made of the public lands has been, from the ori-
gin of the Government, a subject of grave inn r-
est, upon which the great parties of the day
have been divided. The treaty of 1783, by which
Great Britain acknowledged the independence of
her revolted colonies, fixed the western limits of
the Confederacy at the Mississippi river. At that
day, the whole valley of the great river was an
unbroken wilderness; and, indeed, the settlements
Were almost confined to the belt of land near (lie
sea-shore. The western portions of the now old
States were at that period as wild and as un-
known to civilized man as the Rocky Mountain
regions are to us to-day. Ifwe look at the mod-
ern maps of the United States, the area included
"within the original limits of the Union will appear
small; but the proportion of land to the number
of the mhabtanta was, at the commencement of
our national existence, far greater than it is at the
present time. We have made vast acquisitions
of territory; but the increase of population lias
outstripped territorial expansion in a fourfold de-
gree.
This single comparison illustrates the immense
progress which the country has made in subdu-
ing the wilderness and subjecting it to the uses of
civilized life. It also gives promise of still greater
and more rapid victories of peace and industry in
the near future. Within the space of a lifetime
our population has advanced from the Atlantic
Slope of the Alleghanies, in compact army of States,
to the western frontiers of Missouri and Iowa.
We have planted States on the Pacific, and, in-
terspersed between these disjointed parts of the
Confederacy, wo have planted colonies, number-
ing tens o {'thousands of intelligent freemen, which,
under the fostering care of the Federal Govern-
ment, are destined to become States, and to com-
plete the chain of civilization from ocean to ocean.
In my judgment, the Government of the Union
is called upon by every consideration of human-
ity and expediency to encourage the settlement of
the Territories as rapidly as possible. "We now
have two frontiers exposed to the predatory at-
tacks of savage Indians, The States on this side of
the continent have a western frontier; the States
on the Pacific have an eastern frontier. From
whatever cause it may happen, whether from the
warlike habits of the Indians or from the unjust
encroachments of white men upon these children
of the forest, we know that a state of almost per-
petual hostility exists between the people of the ,
frontiers and the savage tribes. This state of:
things will become worse and worse, so long as
the Territories remain wild and unsettled, and the
Indians continue their savage customs.
In view of what has been accomplished during
the last eighty years from small beginnings, and
with small means, we hazard little in the predic-
tion that the whole of our Territories may, within
twenty years more, become organized and com-
pactly-settled States. Eighty years ago, our pop-
ulation was three million. It is now more than
thirty million. Within that period, those three
million, and their descendants, together with immi-
grants from Europe, have settled and subdued a
wilderness larger than that which now remains
initsw'ildstatc. Cannotthirty-oddmillion,backed
by an increasing tide of European immigration,
accomplish as much within the next two decades
as three million accomplished in eighty years ? Is
it too much to anticipate the obliteration of our
frontiers within that period ?
If we consult merely economical considerations,
it seems to me that the Federal Government is
bound to pursue a policy which will facilitate the
speedy settlement of the Territories. Why do
we keepastanding Army of twenty thousand men,
at a cost of $20,000,000 per annum? It is not to
protect the people of the United States from ag-
gression upon each other. It is not to defend
them against the assaults of the great Powers of
the earth. It is well understood that our immense
and rapidly-growing commerce is our best protec-
tion against the really formidable nations of the
earth. They cannot afford to go to war with us:
our trade is too important, too necessary to their
prosperity, to permit the idea of war. We fear
nothing from abroad; nothing from domestic in-
surrection or revolution. Why then, I repeat, do
we keep a standing Army at a cost of $20,000,000
per annum ? The reason is obvious. It is to pre-
vent the roving bands of Indians in the Territo-
ries from preyingupon the frontier settlers. These
Indian savages are f.-win numbers; but their trade
iff war, and their means of subsistence altogether
precarious. They are not engaged in cultivating
the earth, nor even in pastoral pursuits. Their
habits are those of mere savages, and their pur-
suits, hunting, Ashing, and war. When the first
two fait them, they report to the third. They rob
caravans, they murder and despoil emigrants,
and they attack settlements.
JNrow, sir, there is but one remedy for these In-
dian depredations, and that i'5, the purchase and
settlement of their lands. This can be accom-
plished in a very few years, if the policy of the
Federal Government is made to conform to the
natural tendency of American population. Let
us aid and encourage the settlement of the Terri-
tories by granting the public lands to actual set-
tlers, Tin* actual settlers are the men who make
the new States; it is their labor which confers
value upon the lands; they make, marts for the
commerce and manufactures of the older States,
and they are entitled to the lands. Pass this bill,
and every foot of our Territories will, within
twenty years, be as secure against Indian depre-
dations as Ohio or Kentucky is to-day.
But what is to become of the Indians ? I would
not ignore their rights*. Far from it. 1 would be
more just and kind to them than this Government
or people have ever been. I>ut 1 deny the right
of a handful of savages to monopolize a conti-
nent, when millions of men, more intelligent and
better every way, need homes. 1 would pay the
Indians liberally for their lands, and secure to
them and their posterity perpetual homesteads;
and I would extend to tneni every facility for
learning the arts of civilized life. Above all, their
present vagabond and destructive habits of hunt-
ing and war should be broken up They should
be assigned! a permanent -home, and confined to
it. They can never become civilizcd until they
become fixed to the soil, and learn to live by its
cultivation. They are now scattered over a mil-
lion of square miles of territory, and arc never-
theless dying- for want of the comforts of life. A
hundredth part of that space, if cultivated, would
support ten times their number.
i say, therefore, let the Indians be cared for;
let their condition be made tenfold better, morally
and physically; but let the wild lands on which
they roam be given to civilized men who will cul-
tivate and subdue them, The people and Gov-
ernment of the United States have fallen far short
of their duty to the Indian tribes; but their fault
consists in not taking sufficient pains to civilize
and christianize them. I know that honest ef-
forts are being made to that end, and that they are
crowned with the promise of success; but wo have
fallen far short of our duty. The worst thing that*
can happen for the Indians is to permit them to
continue their present habits of war and hunting,
to the neglect of agriculture, 'I repeat, that the
speedy settlement of the Territories is the only-
remedy for a state of continual war with these
savages, attended with the expense of a large and
growing standing Army.
There is another evil which the remoteness and
wildness of our immense Territories has fostered
into fearful importance. I allude to polygamy*
that foulest product of the nineteenth century,
which seems to denote a decline in civilization.
Mormonism, we are aware, sprung up in the older
States; but polygamy was unheard of until the
Saints removed beyond the reach of civilization.
In Missouri and Illinois that fanatical and perse-
cuted sect was suspected of some practices incon-
sistent with morality, but it was not until they
felt themselves secure in the mountain fastnesses
of Utah, a thousand miles beyond the frontiers of
civilization, that they threw off%all disguise, and
shocked the moral sense of the country and the
world by the open practice of polygamy. They
feel secure from molestation in that remote and
not easily accessible region. We know what their
history has been. They have pubhey defied the
Government. They have trampled on the laws
of Congress; and notwithstanding that millions
of money have been spent m sending an army to
subdue them, they still revel in licentiousness,
inyult your judges, mock your army, and murder
your citizens.
Sir, it was but the other day that a bill was
introduced in thisbodyfor the abolition of polyg-
amy. It met my hearty support. 1 had no con-
stitutional doubt or scruple about voting to sup-
press a practice which is a felony at common
law, and an insult to decency and morality. The
fact that a practice so monstrous has sprung up
in one of the organized Territories of the Union
proves the necessity of a general law to prohibit
it, not only in Utah, but in all the Territories.
But who is tr> pntthelawinforce in Utah? There
the institution of polygamy has been permitted to
grow up to such proportions as to defy suppres-
sion by any ordinary legal process. The whole
population sustain and practice it, or desire to
practice it. Who is to put the law in force? The
Mormons? Have we no experience of the integ-
rity of Mormon sheriffs and juries? Have they
not screened or acquitted the most heinous mur-
derers, who murdered in the cause of polygamy?
And are they the men to put in force your law
which abolishes their favorite institution? Sir,
it is idle to expect such a thing.
The only way to render the abolition of polyg-
amy effectual is to encourage the settlement of the
Territories as rapidly as possible. To effect this
result, no plan could be better devised than the
homestead bill which lately passed this body, but
which, I fear, is doomed to hang up for a long
time in the other wing of the Capitol, if it ever
passes that body. If such a law were passed, a
very few years would suffice to fill the Territories
with population, and to overwhelm the polyga-
mists of Utah beneath the advancing tread of
Christian civilization.
Another remedy has been suggested for polyg-
amy, namely: the division of the Territory of
Utah, and the annexation of its parts to the adja-
cent States and Tcnitones. But this plan, it
seems to me, would be as inadequate as the other,
without the homestead law to fill the vacant lands
with population. What, for instance, would the
polygnmists of Salt Lake care for the legislative
anathemas adopted at Locompton, a thousand
miles east; or at Salem, a thousand miles north-
west; or at Sacramento, equally far southwest; or
at Santa Fe, beyond the interminable and almost
impassable ranges of the Rocky Mountains? Is
it not apparent that such a scheme would be even
less effective than the simple act for the abolition
of polygamy which has been adopted in this
body?
Sir, there are three measures of Republican pol-
