2630
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 5,
such circumstances* involving such an amount of
money, may be indefinitelydelaycd by a minority
disposed to throw all obstacles in its way, simply
for the reason, for instance,.that it is a large sum
of money, and therefore disagreeable to be paid;
or, because it is not particularly interesting to the
constituents of somegentlcmen, and therefore they
•suppose It ought not to be paid; or, because the
money goes to the old States, and not to the new
ones, and therefore ought not to be paid—because
I think that is -an argument of the Senator from
Missouri on the other side, that the new States
are not to receive an portion of this money.
Mr. POLK. That is not an argument of mine.
Mr; FESSENDEN. Not an argument, but a
suggestion.
Mr. POLK. Not even a suggestion. How-
ever, I shall not interrupt the Senator, but say a
few words in reply.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If it was not meant so, I
shall not take it to be so. I know the Senator
from Missouri and his conscientiousness too well
to believe that he would ever advance such an idea
as a matter of argument in a case of debt. It un-
fortunately happens that all military debts, even
pensions, go to the old States. Everything of
that kind necessarily goes to the old States when
it refers to transactions long since passed. The
new States have grown up since the uay of trial and
tribulation, and have become part of the Repub-
lic; but it does no', follow that bccause they have
come into the firm as partners, therefore the old
concern is not to pay its debts. That is a kind of
argument that nobody would think of advancing
for an instant.
Now, sir, the amendment has been carefully
drawn. I have scrutinized it myself. The chair-
man of the Committee on Claims showed it to me,
and I examined it carefully. It is drawn, as he
stated, precisely as the amendment that was put
on the bill, perhaps two years ago. It is m the
same woids, with the exception of the explana-
tory provisoes which limit it.
Under these circumstances, is it right to delay
longer this matter, not brought up now for the
first time,but for the third; which has already
passed the Senate; which has met, in fact, the
condition imposed on it by the other House; for,
as the Senator from Georgia has well said, when
it went to the House,after the Senate had passed
it before, the House did not reject it, but only
said, we want to know what the amount is; and
they sent it to the Auditor for a calculation o(
the claims, thus saying: "Wh«n we know the
amount we will pay it, if it be just." They have
had that amount before them now for two years;
and it is time, after thoy have got it, that they
should at any rate decide it, and no longer plead
that they have not had a good opportunity to find
out what the claim was. It strikes me that time
enough has been allowed for that purpose.
Having said this much, it is only proper for
tne to add, what perhaps the Senate will under-
stand from the words of the proviso, that to a small
extent—1 do not remembei what the amount is—
the State of Maine is interested in this matter, and
the Senate may abate whatever thoy feel disposed
to take from my argument, on the ground that
some of the money is to go to my State.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Iam certain
there are enough States interested in this matter
to be able to pass it without further explanation
or discussion. [Laughter.] It is a palpable mat-
ter of fact, and perfectly plain and apparent to the
States interested, that the omnibus is large enough
now to take in a majority, and the amount is only
SI,600,000 to go on this bill and be charged up,
I suppose, against the Democratic party. They
need not try and convince themselves, as they arc
in a majority, that they are doing right by any
further speeches: but I hope they will allow us,
being in the minority of States that have to heat-
there sturdy, mendicants at the Treasury door—
these large old States that are forever begging and
forever proclaiming their sovereignty—to vote.
Do not consume the whole time, but just let the
omnibus take on board this $1,600,000, and let us
go on with the rest of these little cases that are
not able to take care of themselves.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, I wish to say
a few words, not to convince the friends of the
amendment, but to convince those who, like the
honorable Senator from Arkansas, remain op-
posed to it, after the very lucid arguments already
delivered on the subject* I think it can be made
to appear by a very few words, that this propo-
sition is one eminently just and proper.
It certainly is the constitutional duty of the
Government of the United States to defend all the
States against foreign invasion. There was a war
in the year 1812, in which the General Govern-
ment failed in the outset to perform that duty;
and it failed, as history and the recollection of
some of us will testify, because the credit, the
financial ability of the Federal Government, was
insufficient to guaranty the security of the States,
so that I recollect very well to have known at the
time that, owing to the impossibility of raising
money upon the Federal credit, the city of New
York and the State of New York and the in-
dividual credit of the Governor of the State of
New York were all brought into requisition to
defend the commercial metropolis and to defend
the frontier of the State of New York. The rate
of depreciation upon Federal securities was so
very great that individual credit stood higher in
the market than the Federal credit, and money
could not be obtained by the Government in suf-
ficient sums for the purposes of defense; and un-
der these circumstances, 1 suppose in Maryland
and in Virginia and elsewhere, the credit of the
States and the credit of the cities and the credit of
individuals was employed for the public defense.
That created a just debt on the part of the Fed-
eral Government to the States. That war, sir,
was no fictitious war or sham war. It was the
sequel, the sccond part of the war of independ-
ence; and but for the successful defense of the
sovereignty of the Republic at that time, it must
have ceased to exist.
Now, this is the condition of the debt due to
the several States, which has not been paid. The
principal has been paid, but paid only in part; or,
as I understand, the rule upon which the sum due
to the States was ascertained, was this: the prin-
cipal advanced by the States was ascertained, and
then the Government paid by installments, and
never allowing to the States any credit for interest
upon the moneys which they had advanced,
charged the States with interest upon the install-
ments which it paid; and, consequently, it is cer-
tain that the Government has never reimbursed
to the States even the principal which was ad-
vanced, to say nothing of the interest.
This, I think, shows that the debt is a just one.
Now, sir, this proposition is commended to our
consideration by the circumstance of equality.
If the Federal Government ought to practice any
virtue towards the States,it is the vn tue of equal-
ity. It has already paid to two States the prin-
cipal and interest. There remain the other States
which have not been paid any interest—in fact,
have not been paid the principal. Shall we select
certain of the States and give to them gratuities
or favors, which we deny to the others? Were
they more patriotic than those that have failed to
receive a sum equal to what they have received?
Certainly not. How shall we excuse it to the
States which have not been paid 5 We can only
do it upon the ground that when we are solicited
by individual States, we can, through favor or
through partiality, or we can, from some consid-
erations of ease and comfort to ourselves, grant
what is due to them; and, when justice is de-
manded for all the States, it is too heavy a charge
on our time and our patience.
It is said that this amendment provides for the
paymentof a large sum of money,inconveniently
large. Sir, it would seem to be a sufficient answer
to that to say that if the sum is large now, it can
nevergrow less, but must continually grow greater.
It is said that it is inconvenient to adopt the meas-
ure, in connection with the present bill, by an
amendment to the Army appropriation bill, to
which it would seem to me to be a sufficient an-
swer that it must be by amendment to this bill, or
not at all; and, therefore, the question of detail
which is raised is really a question upon the merits
of the whole proposition.
Mr. POLK. Mr. President, I must say that
the Senator from Maine misunderstood a remark
which I made when I was up before, judging from
the way in which he put it. I did not say that I
felt, as one, that I should be justified in opposing
this measure merely becausc of the fact that the
new States were compelled to pay their propor-
tion of the amount of it, whatever it might be. I
said, to be sure, that it was rather hard in their
case; but I did not mention that as a reason why
I thought it ought to be opposed; and I will ad-
mit that there is a precedent for the condition in
which this matter stands. This war debt in favor
of the old States seems to be in a line of safer
and better precedents than some of the other war
debts which have been before Ihe Senate. In the
case of Oregon, her war debt was not offered as
an amendment to an appropriation bill. The
Oregon claim was for defending herself against
Indian wars. So in the case of my own State,
there is a claim for defense against Indian incur-
sions. Both of these are brought in in separate
bills. I think such cases ought always to come
before the Senate in separate bills, and be exam-
inedasindependentpropositions, and pass through
the two Houses, not as attached to an appropria-
tion bill in one House, which will constitute a
great discrimination, if I may say so, in favor of
its passage when it gets into the other House.
I admit, as I said when I was up before, that
the mode of calculating interest that has been .sug-
gested by t'le Senator from Georgia is correct;
and if the interest ought to be paid, it ought to be
paid in that shape; but I am not willing to vote
for this proposition as an amendment to this mil-
itary appropriation bill. I shall vote against itfor
that reason, if for nothing else. 1 think it is out
of place. It has the precedent of the State of
Maryland, and the precedents that have taken
place in regard to this very claim, to be sure. ]
do not say that if the proposition was up in a sep-
arate bill, with an opportunity to examine it, I
shotild vote against it. Probably, on examining
it thoroughly, if the bill was completely guarded,
I should vote in favor of it, if it be true that it
merely puts back into the treasury of these States
the amount of money they have actually paid. L
think the two propositions in themselves arc jus-
and proper; b,ut I am not willing to take them, in
the shape in which they are now presented, as an
amendment to this appropriation bill.
Mr. BAYARD. I recollect,Mr.President,very
well when a. similar question to this first came be-
fore the Senate, in the case of the State of Mary-
land. I objected to that bill, which provided for
changing the mode of calculating interestin refer-
ence to a settled account. 1 thought the necessary
consequence would be, that if you did it in the
case of one State, you must apply the same rule to
other States; and if you unsettled the account of
one State, in order to make a different mode of
computation, so as to ascertain the balance of her
war debt, you must apply the same rule to the
other States. Congress, however, chose to pass
the bill, and the State of Maryland was settled '
with on a different principle of calculating inter-
est from any other State of the Union. Now, I
can see no reason why the same principle—which
I admitted, as an original principle, would have
been a sound one, because Congress has ahvuys
allowed to the States interest on advances—should
not be extended to other States. I opposed it, in
the case of Maryland, on the ground of their be-
ing settled accounts. Congress, however, chose
to say that the settled account should not bar the
restatement of the interest account on proper prin-
ciples; and, in my judgment, if the principle is
right as regards the settlement of the account with
the State of Maryland, there can be no reason
why the same principle should not be applied to
the settlement of the accounts of the other States
of the Union. I shall, therefore, vote for the jftrop-
osition
Mr. BRAGG. I only wish to say a word ex-
plaining my vote on the present amendment. I
shall vote against the amendment. I agree very
much with what has been said by the honorable
Senator from Missouri. I shall vote against it
for no other reason than because I look upon it
as being introduced at an improper time and in
an improper place. One word more, sir. This
amendment is offered here as coming from the
Committee on Claims. Now, I cannot see with
what propriety the Committee on Claims intro-
duce an amendment here 
Mr. IVERSON. If the Senator will rtllowme,
I will explain. It is because memorials were
presented from South Carolina and Georgia, and
other States, and referred to the Committee on
Claims; and the Committee oa Claims responded,
as was its duty to do.
Mr. BRAGG. I cannot admit that, by any
means. I do not think so. I am a member of
