I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
245
3Gth Cong.... 1st Sess. The Republican Land Policy—Homes for the Million—Mr. Foster.
Ho. of Reps.
icy which admirably harmonize with cach other
and cooperate for the common defense and the gen-
eral welfare of the Union. These are, the home-
stead for actual settlers on the public lands, the
construction of a Pacific railroad, and the sup-
pression of polygamy. The most effectual way
to bring about this last result is to adopt the other
two. It is to he hoped that a bill for the construc-
tion of a Pacific railroad will be adopted during
the present session of Congress. This Congress
has it in its power to make itself memorable,
through all coming time, by the inauguration of
the homestead and the Pacific railroad. They
should go together, because they will mutually
assist each other. The railroad will make the
lands more desirable to settlers, and the settlers
will make the construction of the road easier, and
add to its utility when completed.
These two great measures, if adopted, would
develop the resources of the country; they would
people the wilderness, and convert it into smiling
fields and peaceful homes for millions of Christian
families. This influx of population, as I have
pointed out, is the only sure remedy for polyg-
amy; and thus three seemingly independent meas-
ujcs arc so intimately blended in their beneficent
consequences, as to appear parts of one common
policy.
But there are other consequences which must
result from these great measures. I have already
alluded to one of first-rate importance. By the
settlement of the public lanfls, the frontiers will be
obliterated, Indian wars will be abolished, and a
large standing Army rendered unnecessary. There
is still another incidental benefit which must flow
from the passage of these important measures,
it addresses itself peculiarly to southern men.
They arc bitterly hostile to the old JelFcrsonian
policy of excluding shivery from the Territories;
and for a generation past, the very pivot on which
their polities has turned has been this question of
the power of Congress over shivery in the Terri-
tories. The most effectual remedy for the evil of
which they complain is to be found in the trans-
formation of the Territories into States.
Now, all that I have said goes to prove that the
most speedy way to make this transformation is
the passage of the homestead bill, and, I will add,
as its complement, a SjiII for the construction of
(ho P;icific*railroad. The first of these measures
has already passed this body; and if the southern
members are really anxious to banish slavery agi-
tation from the Halls of Congress, they should
exert their utmost influence to secure its passage
through the Senate, and its ratification by the
President. I hazatd little in the prediction that
the Republican pony will never be called upon to
prohibit slavery m the Territories, if this home-
bJi.Mtl bill shall become a law; and especially if it j
be accompanied by a bill for the construction of a
Pticifi'* laiiroad. For, before the Republicans
secure a majority in the other branch of Con-
gress, the homosfend and the railroad wiH have :
practically settled the question by filling theTcr-
ritorics with people. Before the Republicans ob-
tain power in all branches of the Government, 1
they will find that tlvir work has been done by
theVoluntary action of the people in the forma-
tion of State governments.
Now, would not this be better than to keep up
the agitation in Congress, and run the iisk of
bringing the Wilmot proviso upon you? Will
you not join u;i in superseding the vV i) mot proviso,
by the passage of the homestead and the Pacific
railroad bills?
We learn from the reports of the Secretary of
the Interior, that the Government had, up to Sep-
tember 30, 1859, disposed of 380,000,000 acres of
land. Of this vast aggregate, only 147,000,0013
acres, or a little more than one third had been sold
for eassh; while 241,000,000 acres were donated to
individuals, corporations, and States. The old
parties have had then-separate and conflictingpol- j
lcies in regard to the proper disposition of the pub- ,
lie lands, but neither policy has prevailed. The \
Whig policy was to divide the proceeds of sales j
among the States. This was never done but in one |
instance, when some twenty million dollars were :
donated to the States, if i am not mistaken, under ]
the form of a loan or deposit. That measure was ;
never regarded with general favor, and some of the j
States for a long period refused to icceive their dis-
tributive shares. The Democratic policy was to put
the proceeds of the land sales into the Treasury,
and disburse them as ordinary revenue, thus sav-
ingthe necessity of taxation to thatamount. This
scheme may appear very plausible to the lovers
of economy, who happen not to be acquainted with
Democraticpracticc;but the above statement,from
official sources, must open the eyes of all such per-
sons to the true state of the case. Only about one
third of the lands disposed of have been sold for
cash; the remaining two thirds hiivc been given
away. But it must not be supposed t'hat the one
third sold has brought^l 25peraere intotheTreas-
ury. Far from it. Out of the proceeds of sale
must be taken the whole expense of surveys and
sales, and oftho Land Office bureau. When these
expenses arc deducted, the actual clear receipts into
the Treasury will scarcely reach $100,000,000.
I will not undertake to say that the two thirds
of the public land which have boon-given away,
have been improperly disposed of. I admit that
the bounties to soldiers, and the grants for pur-
poses of education, have been generally well be-
stowed. It may be admitted, also, that the grants
for railroad purposes have generally tended to pro-
mote the welfare of the new States,although they
have, at the same time, more immediately bene-
fited the wealthy few engaged in the construction
of the roads. The mass of the people have come
in for incidental benefits; but the donations of the
Government have been made to the wealthy class-
es. Thus while the country is amused and cheated
with the idea which the Democratic party has
ever held up to view—that the public lands are to
be sold, and their proceeds put into the Treasury,
in order to save the necessity of taxation—they
are in fact voted away by millions of acres to
States and corporations. Tins practice of giving
away the public lands is becoming the general
rule, and selling them the exception. A brief
quotation from the last annual report of the Sec-
retary of the Interior will illustrate this remark:
II During tlic five rtuniters ending 30th September, 10^0,
(sa; s the Secretary,) 16,01^,183 aeres of public land* were
disposed of; 4,970,500 acres weic sold tor cash, yielding
.$2,107,47(3; 3,017,140 aeres were located with bounty land
ant-: 1,7i--010 acics were approved to Ihc several
.States entitled to tliem undei the swamp jriants of March
•J, i>';LI. and September '28,18.70; and 0,31^3,-203 aeres certi-
fied to States n-s falling to than under the grant> lot lail-
road purposes." ~~
So that, of near seventeen million acres dis-
posed of, only 4,070,500 acres wore sold at the
reduced or graduated price, and brought, only
$2,107,470! Out of tins sum, the expense of Sur-
veying and selling is to be taken, and the residue
is "the fruit of the Democratic policy.
Hut for the law which allows Kinds which have
been exposed to sale for a certain number of years
to be entered at reduced prices, the actual sales of
the last fiscal year would have constituted a mi-
nute fraction of the amount disposed of.
Now, sir, the country is growing tired of this
mockery. Whatever honest and unsophisticated
Democrats may have thought of the avowed pol-
icy of the party twelve or twenty years ago, it is
now clear that that policy has never been put in
practice; or that, if it ever was the practice, it has
for many years ceased to be, and that it will
never be again. I have shown what proportion
of the public lands were sold, and what propor-
tion were given away, during the last fiscal year.
During preceding years, the donations were still
larger m proportion to the sales. Under the con-
venient name of swamp land.*, nearly every foot
of the public domain in the southern and western
States have been given to those Commonwealths.
The last annual report of the Land Office Com-
missioner shows that, between March 2, 3849,
and September .'SO, 18.">!t, the enoirnous amount of
50,634,000 afires of land have been given away
under the designation of" swamp lands."
If these lauds are good for nothing the States
would not bo so anxious to receive them. If they
are valuable, but need draining, the Federal Gov-
ernment is able to boar the expense; and, for the
sake of the public health, as well as for the ad-
vantage of the Treasury, it should, in conformity
with its fav'orite policy, have drained and sold
them. How can either of the old parties which
voted away these lands to particular States recon-
cile their conduct with their avowed policy ? If
the public lands are the property of the country
atlarge, on what principle of equity were 3,259,000
acres given to Illinois, 4,343,000 acrcs to Mis-
souri, 11,256,000 acres to Louisiana, 7,273",000
acres to Michigan, 8,652,000 acres to Arkansas,
and 11,790,000 acres to Florida? Whigs and Dem-
ocrats voted for these enormous grants to the
States withouta constitutional scruple. Northern
men and southern men voted for them. There
was no sectional issue, when the proposition was
to give the lands to the States, to be managed by
the politicians for the advantage of parties and
classes; but the moment we propose to give the
lands to the people, to the actual settlers, south-
ern men hold up their hands in horror, and ex-
claim against agrarian laws.
I have stated, on the authority of the last an-
nua) report of the Land Office Commissioner, that
56,000,000 acres of land have been given to the
States under the designation of swamp lands. But
this is only one exhibition of Federal munificence
to the States. I find in the annual report of the
Commissioner for December, 1857, that up to that
period 24,247,335 acres of land had been granted
under various acts of Congress passed since 1850,
to the States for the construction of certain rail-
roads. I am unable to say whetheradditional grants
of the same kind have been made since the date of
that report. Nearly all these grants to railroad
corporations have been made since the inaugura-
tion ofPrcsident Pierce, and received his sanction.
Whether the present President has given his as-
sent to any similar measures, I am unable to say;
hut at any rate, the party which elected him, and
which sustains him, is responsible for them.
They have, no scruple in giving millions to States,
or rather into the hands of political managers,
and other millions to wealthy corporations, but
they are shocked at the thought of giving lands
to the landless people of the country. Is it not
clear that the party platforms have only served
as a pretext for' keeping the public lands out of
the hands of the people? When sold for cash,
which happens to about one acre in five, they as
often as otherwise fall into the hands of wealthy
speculators residing in the great cities. These
speculators never dream of spending a dollar for
the benefit of the country whose soil they monop-
olize. They calmly wait for poor men to settle
around the lands they have purchased, and thus
render them valuable, when they enter into other
men's labors and become rich, without striking a
blow, by a cheap investment in wild lands.
The lands donated to railroad companies an-
swer a useful end; but they also are held out of
market in order, at a future day, to be rendered
valuable by the progress of settlements around
them. It is thus the fate of the honest laboring
masses to be imposed upon and speculated upon,
whether the public lands arc sold to capitalists or
donated to the States for the construction of rail-
roads. The policy which has been pursued by
this professedly Democratic Government has been
literally to make the honest farmers and laborers
" hewers of wood and drawers of water" for their
more fortunate fellow-citizens who have money
or credit or political influence to procure land
grants.
Sir, I think it is about time to change this policy.
The Democratic policy has now been ostensibly
in operation since the foundation of the Govern-
ment, and its effect has been, to make the rich,
l ichei, and the poor, poQfcr. Now, let us try the
Republican policy, which is to give the public
lands to actual settlers, in tracts of one hundred
and sixty acres each. Whoever chooses to re-
side five years on a quarter section of the public
domain will amply repay the Government for it,
since he will be a pioneer of civilization and Chris-
tianity; he will, to that extent, curtail the area of
the savage wilderness, and limit the territory to
be defended by the Army. He will become a sen-
tinel on the outposts of civilization, and his com-
pensation will be not more than adequate to the
service he will render his country. Sir, the idea
of giving away the public domain to the people
is no new one. Indeed, I incline to the opinion
that the idea of selling them is new. The first
settlers oil this continent, we are informed by his-
tory, received the most magnificent donations of
land from those who had no right to give them,
namely, the monarch® of Europe. The court
favorites were munificently endowed with prov-
5
l/
