1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1687
not sealed against them. Many of them read it,
and very imperfectly; and#comprehend it scarcely
at all when they do read it. They learn it best
when explained to them by those who are able to
comprehend and to communicate its meaning.
Senators will not be suprised at this, for it is true
of ignorant people everywhere that they pore over
the Bible and spell it out, and comprehend but
little of its meaning; but there is no apprehension
of negroes who thus spell out the Bible being ren-
dered worse to the master, and I know of no one
who has any fear of their reading the holy truths
of that sacred book.
But, sir, when men employ their time in writing
tracts, in publishing newspapers, to indoctrinate
crime into the negroes—to teach them to commit
arson and theft and murder—then there is a reason
growing out of the crimes of our neighbors which
imposes it upon us, as a duty of self-protection,
to prevent the negroes from reading, as the means
of shutting out your unholy work. That is the
fact, as it presents itself; and that, I imagine, is
the foundation of all the objection which has ex-
isted to their being taught to read. Nor is the
objection as general as the Senator supposes.
Even the legislation to which he refers, in a few
States where it exists, has never been carried to
the point of forbidding them to read; but I tell
the Senator what, perhaps, he does not know, that
he will scarcely find a plantation on which lie will
not find many negroes who can read, and who
can write a little, too. We would not allow any
visionary person to come there and establish a
school to teach the negroes, because wo should
suspect the motive of such an individual. We
should expect to find his trunks packed with those
seditious publications, the purpose of which is to
incite an ignorant population to the commission
of crime.
My colleague has remarked, in relation to this
bill, what seems to be true of every question which
is presented to the Senate: that its purpose, piain
as it is, cannot be executed because Senators
insist upon mingling with every proposition the
discussion of the negro question. If this Govern-
menthad been instituted by the negro instead of
the white man, the subject of the negro race could
not be a more interminable one of discussion. I
have heard no question yet discussed as a great
political and constitutional question during the
present session of the Senate, but in every in-
stance, sooner or later, and generally by a single
bound, they plunge into the question of that species
of property which is held in the southern States.
Do we expect, Senators, to maintain the Govern-
ment which we have sworn to support, in this
manner ? Do we expect to legislate for the general
welfare ? Do we expect to transmit to posterity
the rich inheritance we received by a course like
this? Do we hope from old legislation to elimi-
nate what is wrong? Do we hope from passing
events to determine what is required in the fu-
ture? It cannot be done when every controversy
is one of a personal character, and every argu-
ment is one leveled at the interests of a section,
and not at the welfare of the people of the United
States.
I should not have voted for the bill if the amend-
ment had not been offered, and for the reasons
which I have stated. Nor do I believe, to come
down to the question as one of praclice, that the
indigent white children of this District, those who
most need free instruction, are within the limits of
the cities of Washington and Georgetown. They
are outside of them. The dark circle is one that
surrounds these corporations which are to have
the benefit of your grant of land and of money.
If the power claimed by the proposed legislation
had been delegated; if it were constitutional, it
would bo a question of expediency which gentle-
men have thought proper to torture into one of
sectional controversy.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, the Senator
from Mississippi has chosen to indulge in remarks
to which I feel it my duty hero and now to reply.
The Senator talks about tones, about manner,
about language. Who is more accustomed than
that Senator'to speak in tones of arrogance and
superiority on this floor ? Who is more accus-
tomed than that Senator, in his manner and in-
tercourse here, to give offense to members of this
body? Who is more accustomed than himself to
use language unworthy of the Senate of the Uni-
ted States ?
Mr. LANE. Mr. President 
Mr. WILSON. I beg your pardon; I do not
give way.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster in
the chair.) Does the Senator from Massachu-
setts give way to the Senator from Oregon ?
Mr. WILSON. I do not wish to be interrupted.
Mr. LANE. Very well.
Mr. WILSON. Sir, the Senator, while ad-
dressing the Senate in a tone and manner that
every man on this side of the Chamber who lis-
tened to him had a right to feel as wrong, not to
say insulting, asked if we were to suppose that he
and others were to sit here and listen to our dis-
cussions of negro equality. There was something
in his tone and manner that seemed to me a re-
buke of Senators on this side of the Chamber; and
for one I did not choose to be rebuked by that
Senator then or now, nor to be lectured by that
Senator then or now. In reply to that question,
I said that so long as the Senator remained here
he must listen to these questions when we chose
to discuss them. I did not know that there was
anything in my tone or manner or my language
insulting to that Senator. It waiyiot so intended.
My language was intended to be plain and ex-
plicit, but not to wound his feelings; and if I had
known that there was anything in my tone or
manner that would have done so, I would have
corrected it most speedily upon the spot; for it is
not my wish here now, or at any other time, to
wound the feelings of any Senator; and no one
would regret doing so more than myself.
But, sir, the Senator goes on and uses language,
and in a tone and manner that seem to be m the
form of a lecture to mc, as to what I have said
and what I have advocated on this floor. The
record is made. I am ready to leave the record of
my sentiments avowed here to-day to the coun-
try—to civilized, Christian, and enlightened men.
I am ready to let his sentiments and my senti-
ments go out to the American people, and let them
see which are most in harmony with the laws of
nature, the laws of God, and the laws of a refined
and Christian civilization. I shall not shrink from
the judgment of the country. The gentleman is
accustomed to come into this Chamber and to
bring the teachings, the philosophy of a slave sys-
tem, and blurt that into the face of Christian and
civilized men, and when we rebuke it, or rather
when we oppose it, lectures are read to us—ta
men who stand upon eternal principles, upon
Christian principles taught in God's holy Word;
taught in nature, taught by the experience of all
mankind. Sir, this slave system'whenever and
wherever it has existed in all times, and in all
lands, has taught nothing that elevates 6* ennobles
humanity. Christian men, who believe that God
made man in His own image, are against you and
against your system, and you know it; and yet,
because we propose to educate a few poor colored
children in this District Senators say that we are
insulting them.
Great God! has it come to this, that in the Sen-
ate of the United States, because we want to edu-
cate in the D;strict of Columbia, where we have
exclusive jurisdiction, a couple of thousand of
poor black boys and girls, we are to be told we
insult the Senators of the United States ? This is
strange language to use here. I advise Senators
to let the humane current of an advancing and
Christian civilization spread over this continent,
and to correct their own errors, and not come
here and complain of us, and taunt us with hav-
ing insulted them. Insult a Senator of this Chris-
tian land, of this democratic Republic, by propos-
ing to aid poor little black boys and girls to read
the ten commandments, the Lord's prayer, and
the invitation of our Savior to let little children
come to him!
The Senator talks about a responsibility. Sir,
the laws of our country have branded the infam-
ous code to which he has referred as a crime. As
a law-abiding man I cannot resort to it. The law
of God has put its brand upon it, and I will not
accept it. I say here and now to Senators, that
while I repudiate that code, I shall not shrink
from uttering.my sentiments here freely, and to ac-
cept the full responsibilities of them, and I shrink
from nothing that is legal and right in their vin-
dication. I think it is time to stop this talk in
(he Senate of the United States about this barbar-
ous code of the duello. I do not want it flung in
my face, and no Senator shall thrust it'inmyface
with the idea that because I do not accept it .I am.
not to use on this floor the language that becomes
a Senator or a man. The Senator says 1 am re-
sponsible for the manner in which I use language
here. I admit the responsibility! The debates
in this body and the experience of these mem-
bers will show that I have been at- least as care-
ful as that Senator in language, in manner, atid
in tone. I did not intend to say an offensive word-
to the Senator in my remarks, and I had no idea
that I had done so; but the remarks made by him
in reply were wholly and entirely unjustifiable,
and unworthy of this body.
Mr. DAVIS. I did not hear the Senator.
Mr. WILSON. I say the remarks made by
the Senator from Mississippi, in reply to the ob-
servations made by myself, were uncalled for,
unjust to mo, unworthy of the Senate, and of
himself. I seek no controversy with that Senator.
I would not seek to wound his feelings, or those
of any other Senator; but I ,cannot permit him
unrebuked to lecture me or to tell me, when I ut-
ter a word upon this floor that he chooses to refer
to, that I am not responsible to a code that my
country has branded as criminal.
The Senator says I had better look in my own
neighborhood; to my neighbors and friends. I
do look to them, and I say at home and abroad,
at all times and on all occasions, wherever I can
give a vote to lighten the burdens of a human be-
inj, that vote shall be given. I give it at home;
1 give it here; I give it everywhere; for I believe
it is my duty as a man and as a legislator, at all
times and on all occasions, to guard the rights of
man, to enlarge his privileges, and to do all in my
power to elevate arid improve his moral, intel-
lectual, and physical condition. It is not the first
time we have heard remarks made here about a
movement in my State, which is called "ij. strike."
Let me say to Senators, that they do not under-
stand it. Men are on "a strike" in my State
and town to-day that own the houses they, live
in—men who are worth thousands. They are
not satisfied with the present prices paid. They
want more. They have a right to demand more.
I sympathize with them in their efforts to obtain
higher prices for their work.
But let me say to Senators that the suffering
or starvation which they imagine, does not exist
there, and that, as a whole, the State of Massa-
chusetts is now in a high state of prosperity, almost
unexampled in the history of this country. It is
so with all portions of my section of the country.
New Englandis prosperous in almost every branch
of business in an eminent degree. Inonebianchof •
business it is not so, owing to plain and obvious
causes of a temporary character which will soon
pass away, and are now passing away. Massa-
chusetts is prosperous in alnjiost all branches of
industry; but in the boot, shoe, and leather trade
—a trade of great importance—she is not, and has
not been for more than one year, in a prosperous
condition. The intelligent and independent work-
men of that business, animated by a desire to
increase the wages of labor, have engaged in a
strike; and, although not wholly successful, the
signs of improvement are visible. If political par-
tisans, or men who predict the failure of free so-
ciety, hope to make anything by the movement
of the shoemakers of Massachusetts, they are
destined to be sadly mistaken.
The Senator says it is cheap to vote money out
of the Treasury of the United States. Sir, "there
is something higher and nobler in the action of an
American Senator than saving a few dollars. I
believe in economy in the Government; but be-
lieve the Government has something to do besides
supporting penitentiaries and supporting armies;
that here m this District our policy should be to
educate, and enlighten, and alleviate the burdens
of the people, and to have a condition of society
that we should be proud, and the country should
be proud, to look upon. Therefore, I support this
measure that has been so ably advocated by the
chairman of the Committee on the District of
Columbia, the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr.
Brown,] who has supported this measure with
an ability and with an earnestness that command
my admiration and respect.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator from Massachu-
setts says, in the manner and tone employed by
him, he had no purpose to be offensive or disre-
spectful. That announcement is enough for me;
and yet it is strange, indeed, that whilst the Sen-
