THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 5,
apply to all cases that may occur in future years,
or generations, or centuries, if you please. It is
to stand as the law forever, and govern upon the
question,of interest. It does not confine itself to
the present matter of §1,600,000.
Itis well known that this subject cannot befully
discussed now, except on suggestions from one
person to another in the course of remarks made
across the Chamber. There was once a settlement
of these accounts; and the very States which now
claim §1,600,000 had their representatives on this
floor, who were here as their judges on the settle-
ment, and were satisfied with it, and yet we are
now.called upon to vote fl,600,000.
1 will suggest further that the beneficiaries of
this amendment have now got a report from a
committee, and if their case is presented as apri-
vatebill, on its own merits, disconnected with the
appropriation bills, they have a strength that will
give them and secure to them consideration in
each branch of Congress always hereafter. That
is an advantage which no private claim has at all.
It is said that they are not here for the purpose of
asking favors, that they are not here as beggars;
but that they are here simply claiming and de-
manding justice. I should be glad to know if
there is any claim that we ever allowed which is
not stated m the same light. There are many
just as free from the charge of being beggars at
the,Treasury as the claimants in this case. Let
them all take the same chance together.
I shall present directly an amendment; and I
have no doubt the Chair, on a suggestion which
I am informed beforehand will be made, will be
asked to decide that it is not in order, because it
is a private claim; and I have no doubt it is to be
ruled out, because for a single individual, and he
has not political influence to carry it through.
Away out in the wilderness, that poor devil sup-
fjorted the Army through the whole winter with
lis five hundred oxen, under a contract with the
Government that it does not pay, and that be-
cause it has not an immediate appropriation out
of which the money is to come; but that case
cannot come upon this bill, because you say it is
a private claim; and yet that money was expended
to support the Army in a state of war with the
Indians. The money is due to the individual;
but he will notget it,because it is a private claim,
which cannot go on this bill. It will be ruled
out. Why? Because there is not that political
power, on behalf of those whom we may well
term poor devils, that enter into contracts with
the Government, and discharge their part, and
sustain a loss. We cannot get justice to them,
because they have not the power to force them-
selves oil the appropriation bills; but when these
States come forward, they not only get this pro-
vision for interest on adjudications already set-
tled by their own Representatives as judges, who
were satisfied with them at the time—not only
will this be passed to pay for them now, but to
provide hereafter to pay them.
Mr. IVERSON. The Senator is mistaken
about that.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I cannot but
believe it is as I state. It ought not to be put
here. It was done before several times, it is said,
when only ten men objected to it. I venture to
say it camc before the body when they were in a
hurry, as they are to-day, and at a time when
there existed nothing but ignorance in regard to
it, and gentlemen would not get up to controvert
the position. 1 do not consider, when there is no
debate on a matter, it establishes a precedent by
simple acquiescence and by silence. Such a pre-
cedent is not entitled to much weight. The fact
that ten men did not object to it before, is, in my
judgment, a case for suspicion against the prece-
dent that was settled in the case.
Mr. PESSENDEN. I merely want to call the
attention of the Senate to the fact that this is not
a new thing. In the act which was passed to re-
pay to States, to corporators, and to private in-
dividuals, money advanced in the late war with
Mexico, passed in 1848, there is this provision:
"That m refunding money under tins act and the reso-
lution winch it amends, it shall be lawful to pay interest at
the rate ofsix per centum per annum on all suim advanced
by States, corporations, or individuals, in all cases where
the State, corporations or individuals paid or lost the inter-
est, or is liable to pay it."
This is merely applying to the preceding war
the same principle that was applied to what. was
paid by States and individuals in the war with
Mexico. That is a more recent precedent.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I merely wish to give a
reason for my vote, not to continue this question.
I have voted for this amendment before, but I am
sorry to be obliged to vote for it again. I think
it is an unfortunate moment that it is brought for-
ward; but I examined this matter, and so far as
my judgment goes, it is just, and cannot be con-
tested. I am bound to vote for it if the amend-
ment is pressed. I wish it were not before us.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I merely wish to say one
word. I would like to know what principle there
is in paying interest to those States which had to
pay interest, or became liable to pay interest, and
not paying it to the others. Suppose a State had
the money , and advanced it. She is not to have
interest paid to her; but a State that has had to
pay interest, or has become liable to pay interest,
is to get interest back; but if they advanced the
money they are not to get interest. I think there
should be no such distinction as that in the amend-
ment. However, I design voting against the
whole of it; but it does not strike me that there
is any equity in such a principle as that.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 25, nays 29; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Benjamin, Bigler,
Cameron, Chesnut, Dixon, Fessenden, Fitch, Foot, Foster,
Hamlin, Hammond, Hemphill, Hunter, Iverson, Kennedy,
Latham, Mason, Pearee, Saulsbury, Seward, Simmons,
Sumner, and Wilson—25.
N AYS—Messrs. Bingham, Bragg, Brown, Chandler,
Clark, Clingnian, Davis, Doolittle, Durkee, Fitzpatiick,
Gumes, Hale, Hailan, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of
Tennessee, King, Polk, Powell, Pugh, Rice, Sebastian, Sli-
dtll, Ten Eyek, Toombs, Trumbull, Wade, Wigfall, Wil-
kinson, and Yulee—29.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. LANE. I offer an amendment as an ad-
ditional section, and I send up some papers explan-
atory of it:
AiJ be it further enacted, That the twelfth section of the
act of the yd ot Maieli, 1857, be extended so as to embrace
the pay proper and allowances of the militia of New Mex-
ico therein named: Provided, Theyshali receivenogreater
pay and allowances than were given to officers and soldiers
of equal grade at that peiiod in tlie Umted States service;
and that the amount hereby appropriated shall not cxeeed
the sum of §74,009.
Mr. PUGH. I raise a question of order whether
that is not a private claim, to pay certain persons
called into service in New Mexico. It is not to
give any money to a State or to a Territory. It
is to pay a claim of certain persons. It seems to
me that is contrary to the rules of the Senate on
appropriation bills.
Mr, LANE. I do not look on this as a private
claim at all. It is a claim for services rendered,
and which have been recognized by law and pay-
ment directed, as the Senate will see by listening
to the reading of the twelfth section of the act of
1S57, which 1 send to the desk for the purpose of
being read.
The Secretary read the twelfth section of the
Army appropriation bill, approved March 3,1857,
as follows:
" Jlndbe it further enacted, That the Secretary of War be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to settle the act-
ual and necessary expenses incurred by the militia called
intb service in the Territory of New Mexico by acting
Governor Messervey, in the year 1854, to suppress Indian
llostilnies III said Teintory, upon the piesentation by tile
Governor oi saul Territory, to the said Secretary, of a lull,
accurate, and detailed statement or estimate ot the actual
and necessary expenses incurred by said militia, accom-
panied by proper vouchers and satisfactory proof of the cor-
rectness thereof, authenticated in coulorinity with the
usages of the Department; and that the sum ot $>25,000 be,
and tlie same is hereby, appropi lated, out of any money in
the Treasury not otheiwise appropriated, to carry the pro-
visions of this section into effect: Provided, That the said
Secretary shall be fust satisfied that the calling out of said
militia was necessary and proper for the defense of "the
Territory."
Mr. LANE. Now I will ask that the latter
paragraph of the letter of the Secretary of War
upon this subject be read, and also the estimate
ofthe PaymasterGeneralofthe amountnecessary
to pay the troops who actually rendered the ser-
vice. I do not see how a claim could be more
just than this. The matter has been before the
Committee on Military Affairs, and I think that
the whole committee, with one exception,recog-
nized it as just; and I am not sure that the whole
committee did not hold that this claim was just,
and ought to be paid. To be sure, I was not in-
structed by the committee to offer it as an amend-
ment to this bill, for the reason that we had not
time at the last meeting to have it fully consid-
ered. It was given to a member of the committee
to examine and report to-morrow; but the bill is
up for consideration to-day; and the proposition
of the amendment is, I think, so manifestly right
that I do not see how the Senate can object to it.
I believe there is no member of the committee
who is not satisfied that the claim isjust. It has
been recognized by law, a settlement has been
directed, and the Paymaster General has made out
the pay-roll, and has sent it here to the Senate,
showing the amount of money necessary under
the existing law to pay these troops for services
rendered; and it seems to me that justicc requires
at our hands that these people in that remote por-
tion of our country should be paid for services
actually rendered.
Mr. PUGH. The original section, which was
read, was an appropriation of $25,000 for the pay-
ment of the expenses of suppressing Indian lios-
tihties in New Mexico. Now, it is proposed to
extend that to include another class of soldiers. I
do not say that the services were not fairly ren-
dered.
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senator will allow mc, I
think I can explain it.
Mr. PUGH. With pleasure.
Mr. DAVIS. The $25,000 was to cover neces-
sary expenses. It was applied to cover purchases
and other disbursements. The sum now asked
is for the pay and supplies of these men. They
got no pay before. That money was merely for
the necessary expenses and outlay which were
reimbursed.
Mr. PUGH. The answer I was going to make
was this: this may be a just claim; I do not say
it is not; but we can investigate a claim when it
is presented upon its merits separately, with a
greater degree of care; and if I recollect the rules
of the Senate, the very object is to prevent riding
the appropriation bills with even just claims. We
cannot consider them here with the same atten-
tion that we consider other claims. The last prop-
osition voted upon and this one seem to mc to be
in violation of the rule of the Senate. I desire to
know whether we shall ever finish this appropri-
ation bill, or whether the whole Private Calendar
shall be added to it.
Mr. WILSON. It appears that, in 1854, troops
were called out in New Mexico, under Governor
Messervey, to suppress Indian hostilities 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) The Senator from Ohio makes a
question of order; and unless it is withdrawn, the
Chair will be called upon to decide it.
Mr. PUGH. I* supposed the Senator from
Massachusetts was about to speak to the question
of order. That was the reason I did not inter-
fere.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Questions of
order arp to be decided without debate.
Mr. WILSON. I hope the Senator will with-
draw the point for the present.
Mr. PUGH. I will withdraw it, for the pur-
pose of hearing the Senator.
Mr. WILSON. In 1854, troops were called out
in New Mexico. Some time after, a call was made
on Congress to pay the expenses; and the twelfth
section of the act of 1857, which has been read,
was passed. Now a claim is made to pay the
officers and soldiers called out, I think, for about
six months. This matter came up in our com-
mittee; and I have made a brief examination of it.
It may be just, but I do not understand it; and as
they have waited six years for their pay, and when
they came here first only asked for their expenses,
not for their pay, it seems to me very extraordi-
nary; and I think we had better let this matter go
over to another session, and understand exactly
what we are doing. The committee does not re-
port the amendment; it is moved on the motion of
the Senator from Oregon. I do not say that it is
unjust. It may be right; but 1 do not see my way
clear now to vote for it; and I think no great harm
can be done in allowing the matter to go over to
another session, when we shall have time to in-
vestigate it.
Mr. PUGH. Now, I make the point of order
that this is a private claim.
Mr. LANE. Will the Senator withdraw that,
if he pleases?
Mr. PUGH. Certainly, if the Senator will
