246
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 23,
36th Cong....1st Sjsss.
The Slavery Question—Mr. Jones.
Ho. of Reps.
inces and principalities, and these favorites, I be-
lieve, sub-granted them to actual settlers, at nom-
inal prices, or at no price whatever.
The Norman conquerors of England, and the
Goth and Yandal conquerors of southern Europe,
we are told, divided the conquered countries be-
tween the officers. The feudal system was a home-
stead law; but, unfortunately, it only provided
homes for the great men, the generals and princi-
pal officers, and left the poor in a condition of
slavery. The ancient Roman Republic was in the
habit of making small allotments of land to the
common people. At a later period, when the
aristocracy or patrician order had grown unduly
strong1 in the government, this plan of giving lands
to the common people was abandoned; and when
the Gracchi endeavored to pass a law, or rather
to revive an old law, for the distribution of public
lands among the common people, in order that they
might be cultivated by freemen, instead of slaves, their
patriotic efforts were resisted with the greatest vio-
lence by the patricians. Sir, is it not singular that
the very same issue should again arise, in another
hemisphere, afterthe lapse of two thousand years?
It seems a literal verification of Solomon's say-
ing, that " there is nothing new under the sun."
If we go to the great cities and see thousands
of men and women crowded together, like "pigs
in a sty; if we reflect that their great numbers
furnish a supply of labor out of all proportion to
the demand; and that this undue competition for
employment has reduced them to poverty and to
vice, do we not wonder why such things arc to
be witnessed in a country which has a territory
half as large as Europe without inhabitants? Is
it wise, is it humane, is it just, to withhold from
these people lands which have remained untilled,
perhaps, since the dawn of crcation? By giving
them away, we change the wilderness into fruit-
ful fields*, we increase the productive capacity of
the land; we set thousands of idle hands to work;
we cnhance the wages of labor in the eastern
cities, by diverting the excess of laborers into
new channels of employment, and we create new
markets in the West for the manufactures of the
East.
It is a great mistake to suppose that the devel-
opment and settlement of the West will be inju-
rious to the eastern States. A little reflection will
satisfy us that emigration westward, so far fiom
injuring the East, by draining off its population,
is the very thing to make the East great and pros-
perous. What would New York, and Boston, and
Philadelphia, and Baltimore be to-day, but for the
constant tide of emigration that has for more than
half a century flown westward? AVhere would be
their markets for their manufactures and their im-
Eortations from abroad, if the great West had not
een settled ? The emigrants from New England,
New York, and Pennsylvania, from Maryland,
Virginia, and the Carolinas, to the Mississippi
valley and to the Pacific shores, have made the
Erie canal, the Central and Erie railroads, the
Pennsylvania, Maryland, and Virginia railroad
connections with the Ohio necessary. "Without
emigration to the West those great highways of
v* our internal commerce would never have existed;
the manufactures of New England, Philadelphia,
and Baltimore, would never have been heard of;
and the commerce of New York would have re-
mained what it was sixty y>ars ago.
The homestead law,^instead of injuring the
eastern States by drawing off their population,
will give to them new life and enterprise. The
unemployed will find employment; the homeless
will find homes; manufactures and commerce will
be invigorated by the new markets which will be
opened in the immense and fertile regions which
remain to be settled.
The history of the woild has been a history of
injustice and oppression of the poor. The rulers
of the world have ruled for their own advantage,
and the right.*, and interests of the people have been
sacrificed without scruple on the altar of individ-
ual ambition, or to promote the wclfaie of a fa-
vored few. But a better day is dawning. The
era of kings and oppressors is passing away, and
the era of the people is approaching. Govern-
ments are now instituted professedly for the ben-
efit of the governed, and there is reason to hope
that the day is not distant when the universal dif-
fusion of knowledge and the freedom of the press
and of speech will reduce theoretical justice and
equality to practice.
Sir, is it not a shame and a reproach to a Gov-
ernment like'ours, which professes to be a Gov-
ernment of the people, that it should contain, at
one and the same time, millions of families with-
out house and home, and a thousand million
acres of land which have not known the plow, or
seed-time and harvest, since they came forth fresh
from the Creator's hand?
On the first page of the Bible, we read the pat-
ent by which the Almighty gave the land toman:
" And God said, let us make man in our image, after our
likeness ; and let them have dominion over the fish of the
sea, and over the {owl of the air, and over the cattle, and
over all the earth, and over every creeping thing that creep-
eth upon the earth. So God created man m hi a own image,
in the image of God created he him ; male and female cre-
ated he them. And God blessed them; and God said unto
them, be fruitful, and multiply, and replenish the earth, and
subdue it; and have dominion over thelUh of the sea, and
over the fowl of the air, and over every living thing that
moveth upon the earth."
We are again told that, after the flood,
" God blessed Noah and his sons, and said unto them,
Be fruitful, and multiply,and replenish the earth. And the
fear oi you and the dread of you shall be upon every beast
of the earth, and every fowl of the air, upon all that moveth
upon the earth, and upon all the fishes of the sea; into
your hand aie they delivered. Every moving thing shall
be meat for jou $ cvnn as the green herb have ] given you
all things." * * * * " And you, he ye fruit-
ful, and multiply; bring forth abundantly in the eaith, and
multiply therein."
Such, sir, is the language of the Bible, and it is
equally the language of reason and philosophy.
Every rational being must feel its force and au-
thority. For his sins, man was turned forth from
the garden of God, and told to go out and redeem
himself, by converting the whole earth into a gar-
den. It was a merciful sentence. Happy will
he be when, through labor and sorrow, through
patience and effort, he shall have extirpated the
thorns and thistles, the savage beasts ana poison-
ous reptiles, which are but the outward symbols
of his inward moral evils. Shall Governments
interpose obstacles to the fulfillment of the Divine
commands? Above all, shall a Government of
the people annul the patent right which the Al-
mighty has given to every man to cultivate the
earth ?
It is worthy of remark that the Divine gift of
the earth was made, not to rulers, not to a favored
few, but to man—that is, to mankind. Human
Governments have appropriated the lands, and
dole them out to the people at a price—generally
at such a price as the poor cannot pay—or else
the Governments have bestowed the lands upon
the most worthless part of mankind, namely,
court favorites. But in the beginning it was not
so. We are told by sacred history that God had
no court favorites, no favored class, and that He
gave the whole earth, without money and with-
out price, to mankind,on the condition that they
should subdue it and cultivate it.
THE SLAVERY QUESTION.
SPEECH OF HON. JOHN J. JONES,
OF GEORGIA,
In the House or Representa™ es,
Jipril 23, 1860.
The House being m the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. JONES said:
Mr. Chairman: I have been endeavoring for
nearly two months to get the floor. Having ob-
tained it, I give notice before I commeAo, that, as
my time is limited, I shall not submit to inter-
ruptions from friend oi foe.
I desire, sir, to submit a few remarks to the
House upon the much-vexed question that has so
long and so fearfully agitated this country. I
mean, sir, the question of slavery. I am aware
it is a trite subject—one that has so often been dis-
cussed and rediscussed upon this floor, it has al-
most ceased to interest the House; and 1 may not
hope, on the present occasion, to add anything
new to what has already been said.
This subject has time and again engrossed the
attention of the profoundest intellects of the land;
our wisest and best statesmen have grappled with
it in vain; they have reviewed it in all its lengths
and bearings; they have, time and again, suggested
expedients and compromises by way of bringing
this tedious controversy to a final settlement.
Their patriotic efforts have thus far proved abor-
tivc—th£ir fondest hopes of adjustment have been
dissipated as the early cloud and the morning
dew. In spite of all their efforts, this question stiu
stands before the country unsettled, raising its
hydra head as a disturbing element between the
North and the South, to distract and divide us
as a people. And such is the magnitude of the
interest involved, so great the excitement in the
public mind upon this subject, it now threatens
seriously the overthrow of this Confederacy.
For eight long weeks this House was engaged
inafruitlessefforttoorganize; two months elapsed
before we could elect a Speaker, and the country
naturally inquires the cause. It is useless to dis-
guise the fact: the delay is attributable alone to
this question of slavery; this anti-slavery senti-,
ment that has grown up, with such rapid strides,
in the northern portion ofthis Confederacy,array-
ing section against section, and engendering feel-
ings of the most bitter hate and intense hostility
against the southern people, on account of what
these anti-slavery fanatics are pleased to term
" the curse of slavery." Out of this anti-slavery
sentiment a powerful sectional party has arisen in
the non-slavcholding States, known as the Black
Republican party—a party having no nationality,
based entirely upon a sectional issue; having but
one idea, and that is, hostility to the South and
her institutions. And it is this party that is re-
sponsible for the delay in the organization of the
House; for if they, as a party, had not made this
sectional issue; if they had not stirred up this strife
and jealousy, there would have been nothing in
the way of a speedy organization of the House.
But, sir, I find I am departing from the purpose
I had in view when I rose to address the House.
My object was not so much to review the organ-
ization of the House as to review the slavery ques-
tion itself. It has been, time and again, gravely
chargcd by gentlemen upon the Republican side
of this House, that the South was responsible for
this whole slavery agitation. There is hardly a day
passes over our heads but what we hear this charge.
It was made particularly by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Hickman,] and \%y the gen-
tleman from Connecticut, [Mr. Ferry.] Mr.
Sherman, in his late speech in the city of New
York, has also placed the responsibility upon the
South. I propose, for a moment, to inquire into
the truth of this assertion. I assert the contrary
to be true. Let us glance at this question, and
see upon whom rests the responsibility for this
agitation that has now assumed such an alarming
attitude in our national councils. So far ftom the
South being responsible for it, I contend that to
the anti-slavery fanatics of the North belong the
Alpha and the Omega of this controversy. They,,
and they alone, have brought all this excitement
and trouble upon the country.
As far back as 1787, this question of slavery
was a disturbing element in the convention that
framed the Constitution of the United States. By
reference to the debates in that convention, we
find that there were three compromises made upon
this question. In the first place, the basis of con-
gressional representation was compromised, by
allowing every five slaves to be counted as three.
Secondly, the difference of opinion in reference
to the suppression of the African slave trade was
compromised by the adoption of that clause re-
straining Congress from prohibiting it prior to
the year 1808. Lastly, the demand on the part
of the slaveholding States for some guarantee in
reference to the rendition of fugitive slaves was
settled by the adoption of that clause of the Con-
stitution which is in these words:
" No person held to seiviee or labor In one State, under
the laws thereof, escaping into another,'shall, in conse-
qucnee of any lavvor tegulation therein, bo discharged from
such service or labor, but shall be delivered up on claim of
the party to whom such scrvice or labor may be due."
And without such a constitutional guarantee it
is evident that the slaveholding States never would
have ratified the Constitution. As to how far it
has been faithfully observed,we shall see hereafter.
Thus ended this slavery controversy in the con-
vention that framed the Constitution. Theframers
of the Constitution, in adopting the clauses just
alluded to, no doubt considered this a final adjust-
