1688
THE_ CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
ator makes it, he precedes and follows it by lan-
guage which, in the school in which X have been
reared, would be deemed offensive. It may be
owing, perhaps, to the different standard to which
we have been taught to bring things for measure-
ment. I have -said, however, that it is enough
for me to know that the Senator does not intend
to be offensive. He cannot be less willing to have
controversy with me than I am with him. I would
greatly prefer with him, as with everybody else,
to have easy and friendly intercourse in our offi-
cial relations. There are differences of sentiment
which are becoming every hour more and more
repcllant, and there is no need to precipitate the
consequences which they may bring about. When
gentlemen do not mean to be offensive, it is surely
to be regretted if their language or their manners
should be such as to provoke resentful replies. I
do not see the use of denouncing the hazard that
a 'man may encounter when there is no hazard to
him.
When nobody denies the right of a Senator to
speak on any subject which is before the Senate,
in a manner becoming the body of which he is a
member, X see 110 reason in announcing the pos-
session of that right, as though he were defying
some danger to wli ich he was exposed, if he should
exercise it. It is unnecessary for a man to gird
up his loins when he is going to bed. Thus we
are led to misunderstand his meaning. I have
only to say now, that if I could have appreciated
the Senator, as it appears he intended me to appre-
ciate him, I surely should have had nothing in
reply to say to him which ho could have consid-
ered in any degree offensive.
Mr. HALE. I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, Jlpril 12, I860.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. John Chambers, of Philadelphia.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
BILLS UPON THE SPEAKER'S TABLE.
Mr. WHITELEY. I move that the House
proceed to the consideration of the Senate bills
upon the Speaker's table. My only object is, that
they shall be taken up, and referred to the apprp-
priate committees.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I object.
PENSION LAW.
Mr. DUELL. I move that the House take
up the motion to reconsider tile vote by which
House joint resolution No. 18, giving a construc-
tion to the second section of the act of February
3, 1853, " to continue half nay to certain widows
and orphans," was referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. BRANCH. If that joint resolution was
introduced under the understanding that, after it
was referred, it should not be again brought into
the House by a motion to reconsider, I object.
The bill was read. It provides that the second
section of " An act to continue half pay to certain
widows and orphans," approved February 3,
1853, shall be construed to grant pensions to the
widows in said section described, from the 4th of
March, 1848, pursuant to the decision of the Court
of Claims in the case of Jane Smith; and that all
pensions accruing to such widows between the 4th
of March, 1848, and the 3d of February, 1853,
shall be paid out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, upon the certificate
of the Commissioner of Pensions, issued as in
other cases of revolutionary pensions; provided,
that no pension shall be allowed to any widow,
under this resolution, for the same time during
which the husband for whose services she claims
was living and in the receipt of a pension.
Mr. DUELL. I think that there can be no ob-
jection to that resolution. I want its provisions
to go before the House and the country. It ex-
plains itself.
Mr. HOUSTON. How does that bill come in?
The SPEAKER. It came up on a motion to
reconsider. There is some misapprehension on
the subject, however. The resolution was intro-
duced under a rule which forbids a motion to re-
consider, unless with unanimous consent.
Mr. BRANCH. Then I object to its consid-
eration.
Mr. DUELL. I want the House to understand
its provisions, and I give notice that I will call it
up at as early a day as possible.
Mr. BRANCH. That resolution must have
its first consideration in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, under the rules,
for the reason that it makes an appropriation in
express terms..
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
bill cannot be taken up on a motion to reconsider,
if objection be made.
GEORGIA AND 1'LORIDA BOUNDARIES.
Mr. WHITELEY. I understand that there is
now no objection to the proposition 1 made, that
the House procced to the consideration of the bills
upon the Speaker's table, for reference only.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. 1 must insist on
my objection, unless the gentleman from Dela-
ware will withdraw the objection he made to my
resolution in reference to improvements in agri-
culture.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I trust that there will be
no objection to the proposition made by the gen-
tleman from Delaware.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I do not with-
draw my objection.
Mr. FENTON. I call for the regular order of
business.
Mr. GILMER. I rise to aqucstion of privilege.
Mr. DAVIDSON. It will be better for the
business of the Hokuse that wc shall now take
jrom the Speaker's table the bills of the Senate for
reference to the appropriate committees. There
are a large number of private bills there which
had better be disposed of at this time.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection?
Mr. BRANCH. I have no objection, if it be
the understanding that they arc not to be brought
back on a motion to reconsider.
Mr. COBB. I object to the understanding be-
ing imperative that none of them shall be consid-
ered in the House, for there is an important bill
upon the Speaker's table which ought to be con-
sidered at this time.
Mr. HOUSTON. If my colleague will with-
draw his objection to taking bills from the Speak-
er's table for reference with the understanding
that they arc not to be brought back on a motion to
reconsider, nobody else will object to that course.
I prefer jt to any other mode for the disposition
of these Senate bills.
Mr. CO^.B. Let me state my purpose. There
is a Senate bill upon the Speaker's table which
ought to be considered and passed at this time.
It is a bill in which the' United States and the
State of Georgia arc interested. It is in reference to
the boundary between Georgiaand Florida. There
is a groat deal of conflict of title which ought torbe
quieted. This bill quiets the title and settles the
matter. Ifitbc agreed that that bill shall be taken
up and passed, I will not object to the proposition
that we shall go to the Speaker's tabic and take
up the remaining Senate bills for reference. I do
not want the bill I have indicated to be referred.
There is no use in referring it; for the Committee
on Public Lands have already informally consid-
ered it, and its provisions are so palpably right,
that they unanimously favor its passage.
1 ask that the bill betaken up and considered
to-day. It has laid on the table until it is already
old. I hope there will be no objection.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 propose that the
House proceed to the business upon the Speaker's
table, and take up the Senate bills in their order,
with n view to their reference to the appropriate
committees, with the exception of the bill to which
the gentleman from Alabama has referred.
Mr. COBB. If the House will take up the
bill I have indicated, and put it upon its passage,
I will withdraw all objection to the proposition
which has b^en made. Otherwise I must object.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to
taking up that bill, and disposing of it? It is the
first bill in order.
Mr. HOUSTON. Let the bill be read for in-
formation.
Mr. FENTON. I would inquire what effect
this oourse is to have upon the morning hour ? Is
it to come o'ut of the morning hour?
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has not
yet commenced. ^
The bill, which was read, provides that when-
ever the dividing line between the States of Georgia
and Florida shall have been finally surveyed, ap-
Eroved, ratified, and confirmed, as the boundary
etween these States, the Secretary of the Interior
shall be authorized to adjudicate, upon principles
of equity and justice, all claims under sales or
grants by the State of Georgia to lands which
may fall within the State of Florida; and all of
said claims which may be approved by him shall
be ratified and confirmed, provided that the State
of Georgia shall first ratify and confirm all sales
and grants made by the United States of lands in
Florida which may fall within the limits of the
State of Georgia, under the final adjustment of
the boundary line aforesaid.
Mr. COBB. I can state the purpose of the bill;
and then, if the House chooses, they can hear the
correspondence upon the subject by the Secretary
of the Interior, who recommends the passage of
this bill. I have had the subject informally be-
fore the Committee on Public Lands, and they
are unanimously in favor of it. The boundary
between the States of Georgia and Florida has
heretofore been a doubtful question; and the Gov-
ernment of the United States has sold lands, since
the last adjustment of that line, which really be-
longed to the State of Georgia. Then there is a
portion of country, which was supposed to be
within the limits of Georgia, which really falls
within the jurisdiction of Florida. Upon that por-
tion of land which Georgia disposed of, perhaps
half a century ago, settlers have been living for
many years; and unless some bill of this charac-
ter is passed, these titles will be rendered doubtful
upon a readjustment of the boundary. Should
lands that have been granted by Georgia be found,
on tho final adjustment of the boundary between
the two States, to lie m Florida, they would, in
the present state of the law, be regarded as lands
of tho United States, and the Government would
not recognize sales thereof that had been made
by the State of Georgia. An act of Congress is
necessary to confirm such sales or grants. The
bill contains a proviso that the State of Georgia
shall reciprocally confirm sales or grants of lands
along tho line made by the United States, as of
lands in Florida, but which, by the final survey
of the boundary, may be thrown within the limits
of Georgia.
There being no objection, the bill was read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. COBB moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I now insist upon my mo-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
there is no objection to taking up and referring
the bills upon the Speaker's table.
LOUISVILLE AND PORTLAND CANAL.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask leave to report to the
House, from the Committee on Roads and Canals,
a joint resolution of the Senate relating to the
Louisville and Portland canal, with a recommend-
ation that it do pass; and I ask that the House
will take it up now, and act upon it. It is a mat-
ter of public interest to the whole country, and
one in which the whole Ohio valley is as deeply
interested as in any measure that can come before
this House. The resolution proposes no appro-
priation of money out of the Treasury; but simply
confers upon the board of directors of th<) canal
authority to enlarge it, and to build a branch, so
as to make that work subserve the great purpose
for which it was originally constructed.
Mr. FENTON. I must insist upon carrying
out the understanding of the House, which was,
to proceed to the business upon the Speaker's
table, and take up and refer the Senate bills.
IIARLEM RIVER.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Pres-
ident of the United States, in compliance with a
resolution of the House of March 20,1860, request-
ing him to transmit to the House oil information
in the possession of the officer in charge of the
Coast Survey, showing the practicability of mak-
ing Harlem river navigable for commercial pur-
