1860.j
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
24T
36tii Cong....1st Sess.
The Slavery Question—Mr. Jones.
Ho. of Reps.
ment of the whole subject. The Constitution was
the result of concession and compromise; its great
object was ** to form a more perfect union, estab-
lish justice, and insure domestic tranquillity,"and
its framers had a right to expect that its sacred
guarantees upon this, as well as other subjects,
would be faithfully observed by all the parties to
the compact; that this irritating question would
be allowed to rest where the Constitution had
placed it, and that it never would be again a dis-
turbing element between the different sections of
the Union. And I hesitate not to say, that such
would have been the case if the non-slavehold-
ing States had hot renewed the agitation.
Now, sir, in order to test this question of re-
sponsibility for theslavery agitation, let us inquire
who first renewed this agitation after the adoption
of the Constitution? Who first commenced it?
From what section did it come? Was it from the
South? No, sir. The first thing we hear of this
question, after the adoption of the Constitution,
was in the form of abolition petitions presented
to Congress. The Constitution was adopted in
1787; and in 1790, only three years thereafter, the
Abolitionists commenced presenting their peti-
tions to Congress. This, sir, was the beginning
of thai agitation, which has now become so deep
and wide-spread—so threatening in its aspect.
My limits will not permit me to dwell upon this
subject. I have an abstract of the history of these
abolition petitions, made out from Cluskey's
Political Text-Book, and I will embody it in my
printed spcech. Here it is:
On the 11th ofFebruary, 1790, Mr. Fitzsimmons of Penn-
sylvania, piesentcd to Congicss a memorial of Quakers
praying the abolition of the slave trade. Mr. Lawrence, of
New York, at the 'same tune piesentcd n memonal of the
* Friends' of New Yoik city to the same effect. On the
next day a memonal was presented from the Pennsylvania
.society lor promoting the abolition of blavcry, the iclirf of
free negroes unlawfully held m bondage, and the nnpiovc-
ment of the African race. These memorials, after much
debate, were teferred to select committees., ami afterwards
to the Committee of the Whole, which resolved that Oon-
giess had no authoiity to legislate upon the subject, &e.
On the 2Gth of November, 1792, a memorial of Warner
Mifflin, a Quaker, on tbe same subject, was piesentcd to
the House of Representatives by Mr. Ames, of Massachu-
setts, which, after much debate, was returned to the peti-
tioner.
On the 30th of January, 1797, Mr. Swanwick, of Penn-
sylvania, presented the petition of foui slaves, repieseutmg
that they had been emancipated, and under some law ol
Nortli Carolina they could be reduced to slavery ; that they
had escaped to Pennsylvania; and prayed Congress to look
into tins law of North Carolina, and give themiehcf. After
much debate, it was lejected. On the 30th November,
same year, Mr. Gallatin, ot Pennsj Ivatna, presented a peti-
tion upon the same subject, and it was releired to a select
committer.
On the 21st of Janu.ity, 1805, Mr. Logan, of Pennsylva-
nia, presented a petition to the Senate, from The Quakers,
pleading the cause of the Afncan race, and asking Con-
gress to take steps to pievent the extension of blavcry in
the Territories of the United States. Jt was received. On
the same day, a like petition was presented to the House
of Representatives, and leferred.
Ill January, 1817. several petitions again>t the slave trade
were pi evented and referred. During the firstsc<>sion of the
Sixteenth Congress various petitions against introducing
slavery in any new Stale weie presented—some leferred,
and some not icfencd.
On the 12th of February, 1827, Mi. Carney, of Maryland,
presented a petition ol citizens of Baltimore, piajing the
passage of a law declaring all ehildion hcreatter born ot
slave parents m the District of Columbia should be free at
n certain age, and moved to print it; which was refused.
On the 12th of December, 1831, Mr. John Q. Adams pre-
sented sundiy petitions to the House of Representatives,
fiom numerous persons of Pennsylvania, praying the abo-
lition of slavei y and the slave tiade in the Distuct of Colum-
bia ; which was referred to the Committee for the Distuct
of Columbia.
In the Senate, January 7,1836, Mr. Morris, of Ohio, pre-
sented several petitions from citizens of Ohio, praying the
abolition of slaveiy m the District ot Columbia. Mr. Cal-
houn objected to the reception of this, and others of like
character, and spoke at length against it. It was icceived.
In 1833, abolition petitions became so numei uus that i ev-
olutions were adopted ordering them to be laid on the table
without being printed or referred.
In 1837 £he petitions pouted in upon Congiess m such
numbers as to cause intense excitement. It was during
tins session that occurred one of the mOht exciting scenes
ever known mthe House of Representative-5, and resulting
in the withdrawal of a large portion of the southern mem-
bers from the Hall, caused by Mr. Slade, of Vermont, getting
the floor, making an inflammatory abolition speech, and per-
sistently lefu-sing to yield it contrary to the wishes of a large
majority of the Ilou-?e. It was at this Congress that Air.
Caihoun introduced bis celebrated resolutions m leference
to slavery, defining the iclative powers of the Geneial Gov-
ernment and the States concerning the same.
In J840, Congress adopted what is known as the Gist
rule, which was against the reception of these petitions.
This rule gave peace to the country for a shoit while, hut
in 1844 it was rescinded and the doors of Congress again
thrown open toihe reception of these petitions. Abolition
petitions continued to be piesentcd to Congress until 1850 j
since then they have excited little or no attention. The Abo-
litionists having organized themselves into a regular party,
known as the Black Republican party, are now seeking to
control the Government in a more effective way.
It is due to the memory of Mr. Calhoun to say,
that he always raised his warning voice against
the reception of these abolition petitions. He
took the bold ground that Congress ought to meet
these agitators at the threshold—close the doors
against the reception of these petitions, as the only
way to stop agitation. But there were then, as
there are now, temporizing politicians who said
there was no danger; let them come in; it was
the right of the people, the dear people, to peti-
tion; that it was only a few old women and crazy
fanatics at the bottom of this movement, and that
no harm could grow out of it. But Mr. Calhoun,
the able expounder and hold defender of the Con-
stitution, the uncompromising Champion of the
fights of the South, with that far-seeing ken that
always characterized him, told them that it wa^
wrong; that this was a question that could not be
tampered with; that if these petitions were received,
it would encourage instead of suppress fanaticism;
that Congress would be flooded with them, and be-
come the mere channel through which the institu-
tions of the South would be assailed. He told them
that strife and sectional animosity would be engen-
dered ; that the excitement would deepen and widen
until it became mixed up with the politics of the
country; that, if once it became a political ques-
tion, a source of political aggrandizement at the
North, it could never be arrested, and would end
finally in the overthrow of tbe Government. Time
has only proved every word he then uttered to be
true. What was then prophecy has now become
history.
Now, sir, the object of this brief review of ab-
olition petitions, and the excitement consequent
thereon, is to settle this question of responsibility
for slavery agitation, and place it where it prop-
erly belongs. We see, sir, the first thing we hear
of this slavery question after the adoption of the
Constitution was in the presentation of these pe-
titions to Congress. They commenced with them
as far back as 1790; continued to present them
year after year, becoming more and more numer-
ous, more and more arrogant in their demands,
having but one object in view; and that was to
agitate, agitate, until they should succeed in build-
ing up a powerful sectional organization, that
would at length control every department of the
Government, and thus put slavery under the ban.
With these facts staring us m the face, it does
seem to me there can be no cavil as to who is
responsible for this slavery agitation. It docs
seem to me that no honest, fair-minded man can
deny that this agitation had its origin in the pre-
sentation of these petitions to Congress: and that
the whole responsibility rests entirely upon those
northern agitators, who, with one persistent pur-
pose, continued to thrust them before Congress.
When, therefore, gentlemen on the other side of
this House get up here and gravely charge the
South with being responsible for the agitation of
this question, I beg them to remember the origin
of this agitation: that it had its foundation in the
presentation of those petitions; that they came
alone from the northern States of this Union; and
upon them, and them alone, rests the responsibil-
ity for the agitation of this question.
But I stop not hf re; whilst upon this question
of responsibility, I desire to recur to an important
crisis in the history of this country that I lui"ve
passed over. I allude to the ever-memorable and
never-to-be-forgotten excitement consequent upon
the application of Missouri for admission into
the Union. And when gentlemen on the Repub-
lican side talk so flippantly about thc'South being
responsible for this agitation, it would be well for
them to recur to the scenes of that day. The
facts connected with that eventful period are fa-
miliar to us all—to the whole country. In 1820
Missouri came forward for admission into the
Union. She had previously formed a constitu-
tion ni the regular way, m pursuance of an act
of Congress giving her permission to do so. Her
constitution came up to the requirements of the
Constitution of the United States, was " republi-
can in form,and was otherwise unexceptionable.
Yet when she came forward her admission Was
refused on«the part of a large portion of the Rep-
resentatives of the northern States, for no other
reason than because her constitution contained a
clause recognizing slavery. This refusal was^
contrary to all precedent, and was a violation of
the Constitution. A great excitement grew out
of the controversy, and came well-nigh severing
the Union itself. It was, however, settled by
admitting her into the Union with a proviso that
slavery should forever be excluded from all ter-
ritory outside of Missouri lying r rth of the par-
allel of 36° 30r. Here, sir, the fatal error was
committed by the South. She ought never, in
my judgment, to have submitted to this compro-
mise. It was unconstitutional, odious, and un-
just—a denial of our equality in the Union, and <
has been the. source of countless evils. But I
cannot dwell upon this point. My only object
in alluding to this Missouri controversy was to
fix this question of responsibility. And I ask,
with triumph, who was responsible for all the
excitement that grew out of that question ? Who
commenced the agitation ? Will any man upon
this floor deny that the northern members in
Congress at that day were entirely responsible
for it? Docs not every one know that the whole
excitement grew out of the refusal of these north-
ern agitators to admit Missouri, merely because
she recognized slavery in her constitution?
But I stop not here. I pass to the next politi-
cal crisis—the territorial controversy of 1850—and
inquire who was responsible for that agitation ?
The facts arc briefly these. At the close of the
Mexican war, the United States had acquired
from Mexico a vast extent of territory. In organ-
izing territorial governments for this new domain,
a great controversy arose between the North and
South, more formidable than that of 1820, threat-
ening the peace and permanency of the Union.
This territory was the common property of all
the people of the United States—had been ac-
quired by the common blood and treasure of both
sections, and each had a right to an equal partici-
pation in it. Yet these same restless spirits that
had lashed the country into fury in 1820, again
commenced their work of agitation. They in-
sisted upon the exclusion of the South from the
whole of this acquired territory by the application
of what is known as the " Wilmot proviso." This
arrogant assumption on the part of the North was
of course resisted by the South. The South, with
that spirit of concession which has always marked
her course, first proposed to adjust the difficulty
by extending the line of 36° 30' to the Pacific
ocean. We said that, whilst we were opposed
to this geographical line,as an unwise arid unjust
discrimination against the institutions of one half
of the sovereign States m this Union, and ought
never to have been submitted to in the first place,
yet, for the sake of harmony and upon the prin-
ciple of a division of the territory, we wore will-
ing to divide by the line of 36°30' The North,
notwithstanding their professed devotion to this
time-honored line, indignantly deejcctcd the prop-
osition, and said they would have all, or none.
This fearful controversy was at last settled upon
the principle of nun-intervent'tbn. That is to say,
there was to be no slavery restiictmn placed upon
these Territoncs, but they were to be left open to
the free settlement of the people of all sections,
with the ]fcnver to decide this question for them-
selves, when they came to perform their first act
of sovereignty in the adoption of a State constitu-
tion, preparatory to admission in the Union.
But in order to get this simple principle—the poor
boon of allowing the slaveholder to go into the Ter-
ritory and settle there with his slave property
upon equal terms with the northern man—the
South was again compelled to make another con-
cession to appease the insatiable mate of abolition-
ism . She was required to waive all irregularities
to the admission of California, submit to the dis-
memberment of the sovereign State of Texas, and
to the abolition of the slave trade in the District
of Columbia. Such were the facts in this contro-
versy of 1850; and my object m alluding to it, is
to fix this question of responsibility. Audi ask,
who were the agitators in that contioversy ? Did
theSouth commence it? Doesnoteverybotiy know
that all the excitement of that day grew outof the
fact that these same northern agitators insisted
upon placing congressional prohibition of slavery
