1690
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
the question come before the House, and if any
gentleman wants the yeas and nays he may have
them so far as f can assist him to o"btain them.
It is simply a question whether we will author-
ize the directors of that company to enlarge the
canal in such a manner as shall not -pledge the
faith of the United States.
Mr. BRANCH. I ask the gentleman whether
the whole of that property does not belong to the
Government?
Mr. MALLORY. No, sir; it does not. I will
tell the gentleman how it is held. The property
is held by a corporation for the benefit of western
commerce. 'It is really held by the Government;
but it must be so held as will subserve the pur-
poses of commerce. By the act of 1842, the whole
work was transferred to the Government, abso-
lutely, upon certain conditions; and one of those
conditions is, that the canal shall be made avail-
able to the commerce of the West. The Govern-
ment of the United States is a stockholder to the
amount of about five hundred thousand dollars,
and has received its dividends regularly up to this
time. A portion of the revenue which sustains
the Government has thus been raised by a tax
upon western commerce. Wow, sir, it is pro-
posed that the Government shall give up its inter-
est in that work, in order that the commerce of
the Ohio valley may be freed from this tax.
Mr. BRANCH. Let me ask the gentleman
from Kentucky another question. I understand
him to say that this canal has cost the Govern-
ment about five hundred thousand dollars ?
Mr. MALLORY. Yes, sir; the Government
has taken stock to about that amount.
Mr. BRANCH. And, if I do not misunder-
stand this bill, it provides, in one of its clauses,
that, after this enlargement shall have been made,
the tolls shall be reduced to such a rate as shall
merely defray the cost of keeping it in order. In
other words, it provides that the Government
shall relinquish its interest in the work.
Mr. MALLORY. Thatistrue. Thatfeature
of the bill was placed upon'it in the Senate, upon
the motion, I believe, ofMr. Toombs, of Georgia.
Mr. BRANCH. I do not know but this bill
may be all correct, butitinvolvesamatter ofsome
importance; and I would be glad if the gentleman
would postpone its consideration for an hour, to
give me an opportunity to look into it. Imay be
satisfied that it is a just and proper measure. I
dislike to object to it, if it has merits.
Mr. MALLORY. Can I make an arrangement
by which it can lie brought up within that time >
Mr. BRANCH. If the gentleman will with-
draw his application, he will have just the same
opportunity of bringing up the bill then that ho
has now.
Mr. COBB. The gentleman cannot bring up
his bill now except by unauimous consent.
Mr. MALLORY. I am aware of that.
Mr. BRANCH. I think the gentleman from
Kentucky had better withdraw his application
now and make it at some other time. I desire very
much to examine the question before I consent
that it shall bo brought before the House in this
manner.
Mr. MALLORY. I think I can make an ex-
planation in a minute that will satisfy the gentle-
man from North Carolina. Under the laws as
they exist, the Government has purchased nearly
the entire stock of the company; but the whole
amount has been repaid out of the dividends made,
and the Government has received an excess over
theamount of some twenty-four thousand dollars.
Mr. BRANCH. Do 1 understand the gentle-
man to say that the Government has been reim-
bursed for all it has invested in this canal'
Mr. MALLORY. Yes, sir.
_ Mr. BRANCH. Then I shall make no objec-
tion to the bill, so far as I am concerned.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I object.
Mr. MALLORY. I think there will be no ob-
jection to the bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia objects; and the bill, therefore, cannot be
brought before the House.
TERRITORY OF MINNESOTA AGAIN.
Mr, MILLSON*. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. I move to reconsider the vote by which the
House a few minutes ago passed the following
resolution:
Whereas it i- claimed that tho portion of the Terriloiy
of Minnesota not included within the State of Minnesota
still remains an organized Territory, and the residents
thereof are entitled to have a Delegate in the House of Rep-
resentatives t Therefore,
Resolved, That the President be requested to communi-
cate to this House, if not incompatible with the public in-
terest, all such information a3 he may possess in relation
to the existence of any such Territory.
When- the resolution was introduced by the
gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Gilmer,]
it occurred to me that it was adopting a course
which the circumstances of the case would hardly
warrant; but as no oneobjlfeted, or suggested any
opposition to it, I preferred to consider a little
upon it before acting upon the views which sug-
gested themselves to my own mind. Further re-
flection, however, has satisfied me that sucliu res-
olution would be regarded by the President as a
very extraordinary one. It seems that we are
calling upon the President to give this House all
the information in his possession as to the exist-
ence of the Territory of Minnesota.
Now, it really seems to me that this is purely a
legal question. If there be any doubt as to the
existence of the Terxitory of Minnesota, it has
been caused by the action of this House itself;
and it is not at all proper, as it seems to me, to
call on the President of the United States to de-
termine this legal doubt.
I hold, Mr. Speaker, that where a Territory is
organized and aState afterwards admitted into tho
Union out of a portion of that Territory, the law
admitting the State is, ipso facto, a repeal of the
law establishing the Territory. That has always
been the construction given to such laws. When
Missouri was admitted into the Union as aState,
the territory included within her limits did not
include one third the population embraced within
the limits of tho Territory of Missouri." Yet the
Territory of Missousi was considered as de-
stroyed by the admission of tho State of Missouri.
But, however this may be, it is purely a legal
question. If there is any doubt about the ques-
tion, let it bo referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, to settle it and resolve the doubt; but
do not let us call upon the President of the United
States to give us all the information in his pos-
session of the existence of a Territory", when, in
fact, if there be such a Territory in existence at all,
it is in consequence of our legislation; and if the
Territory hasbcen destroyed, it has been destroyed j
by our legislation. Believing that this is not a i
proper subject of inquiry by the President, I move j
to reconsider the vote by which the resolution was !
adopted, with a view of affording an opportunity !
of making such modification as the circumstances !
may require.
Mr. GILMER. I care nothing atall aboutthis
resolution; but I have not been able to see the
difficulties which my friend from Virginia dis-
covers. It seems to me that he is alittle particular
upon the subject. It simply calls upon the Presi-
dent for such information as he may have in his
possession.
Mr. MILLSON. I am not at all particular;
but I think perhaps—not probably, but possibly—
the President may regard it as a reproach to call !
upon him for all the information in his posses- 1
sion in regard to the effect of the laws we have
passed
Mr. GILMER. Nothing of thaj. kind was in-
tended, and I presume that no gentleman ill the
House, except my friend from Virginia, ever had
any such idea. If my friend will consult the au-
thorities to which he refers, ho will find that their
bearing is different from that he alleges. In the
case of Ohio, the territory remaining outside of the
State limits was considered by the House as still i
j existing under the government of the organic \
territorial act; and, sir, under that action of the ;
House, a Delegate presented himself here and took !
a seat upon this floor. Such was the action in
the case of Michigan and Wisconsin. Here a i
Territory, called Minnesota, has been admitted
into the Union as a State, but tho limits of the
State are not those of the previous Territory, i
Now, sir, it is a very grave question whether the J
territorial act does not apply to tho territory out- !
side of tho State limits and within the limits of the ;
Territory of Minnesota with the same force and 1
effect that it did previous to the admission of the i
State of Minnesota? It is not so plain a matter I
as my friend from Virginia [Mr. Millson] sup-
poses. While it is a fact that no Goverifcr and no j
judges have been appointed for the Territory by the !
President of the United States, yet, sir, the people
there have adhered, and still adhere, to the idea
that they are an organized Territory, under the
former act of Congress. They believe, and have
believed, that they have all the rights and privi-
leges of a regularly organized territorial govern-
ment. They have selected their Delegate to rep-
resent their interest upon this floor. Why not,
therefore, let the President send to this House,
for its deliberate action, all the information that
he may happen to have on the subject? Is it not
a fair proposition ? Let him state to this House
why he has not appointed a Governor and United
States judges for the Territory. Let him give us
what facts are in his possession why a Territorial
Legislature has not been elected and convened.
The request is courteously made. We ask no
action further than this call for information. If
the resolution be adopted, we may get facts that
may be useful to us.
Mr. MILLSON. The resolution calls upon the
President for information with reference to the
existence of tho Territory. The question may bo
a difficult one; and I do not want to call upon the
President to settle a legal question which we ought
to settle for ourselves.
Mr. GILMER. It is a question of fact. ,
Mr. GARTRELL. It was not the intention of
the Committee of Elections, as I understood, that
the resolution should call upon the President for
a legal opinion as to whether or not a Territory
existed, but simply thatthe President bo requested
to furnish this House, and through it the Com-
mittee of Elections, with all the facts within his
possession connected with this alleged Territory
of Dacotah; whether there was any territorial or-
ganization there—any territorial officers cle faclo;
but not by any means to extract, or endeavor to
extract, from the President, a legal opinion; for,
sir, I agree, with the honorable gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Millson,] that that would be
highly improper. This House is, under the Con-
stitution, the proper tribunal to determine the
■ existence of a territorial government.
Mr. MILLSON. Then, let the resolution be
brought before the House on a motion ts recon-
sider, and amended so as to conform to that in-
tention of the committee.
Mr. DAWES. I wished to get the floor when
the resolution was adopted, for the purpose of
offering an amendment. I had no idea, in con-
senting that a resolution should be reported, that
the President should be requested to furnish this
House with any legal opinion whatever; and, sir,
I did not suppose that the resolution was drawn
in that form. As the gentleman from Georgia
[Mr. Gahtrell] has suggested, it was the design
to inquire of the President as to what had been
done, since the State of Minnesota had been ad-
mitted, with reference to the recognition of a terri-
torial government in Dacotah; as to what had been
done by the Executive—whether he had appointed
officers and whether the territorial government
had been kept up, or whether there had been any
relations kept up between the Executive and tho
Territory of Minnesota. That was the way I un-
derstood it, and that was the way I hoped to have
had an opportunity to' shape the resolution, by
amendment, before it was adopted.
Mr. HOUSTON. The resolution, as constfued
by the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Gartrell,]
as well as by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Dawes,] probably would not be objection-
able; but, sir, I cannot perceive what information
the President may have as to the pretended or-
ganization of a territorial government there, or
what ho can send us with reference to his recog-
nition of it, that will have anything to do with
the settlement of the question of law that is un-
derlying this whole matter. The question is,
whether that portion of the Territory not included
within the State of Minnesota has any organized
government under the laws of Congress; whether
the law organizing the whole of the territory ex-
tends with the same effect and force over the por-
tion outside of the limits of tho State of Minne-
sota, or whether the creation of the State by act
of Congress does not of itself nullify and destroy
the territorial act. If the President has recog-
nized the Territory as organized under the former
act of Congress, that has nothing to do with the
law of the case submitted to us. It would likely
have no influence upon the minds of the members
of this House whether the President declared that
