248
APPENDIX TG THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[ApriJ 23_,
36th Cong....1st Sess.
The Slavery Question—Mr. Jones.
Ho. of Heps.
uponall that territory—thatthiswas thosole cause
of that fearful struggle which came well-nigh sun-
iering the Confederacy? Yet gentlemen on the
"bther side of this Chamber talk about the South
being responsible for this slavery agitation. When
did the South act in any other way except upon
the defensive?
But let us, pursue this subject a little further.
Let us come down to the next crisis we had upon
the slavery question—I mean tjie excitementgrow-
ing out of the Kansas-Nebraska act-—and let us
inquire who was responsible for this agitation ?
It has been gravely charged by gentlemen on the
other side—I think by this same gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Hickman]—that the South
reopened the slavery agitation at this time. It is
a foul calumny. The truth of history will vindi-
cate the South from such a charge. What arc the
facts of the case? In 1854 it became necessary
to organize territorial governments for Kansas and
Nebraska. We had just come out of the fearful
territorial conflict of 1850, caused, as wc have just
seen, by the friends of congressional restriction
attempting to ingraft their odious and unjust pol-
icy upon our public domain. This controversy
had been happily adjusted by the abandonment of
all congressional restriction, and the adoption of
the new principle vf non-intervention; thus remov-
ing this irritating question from Congress, and
referring it to the people of the Territories, to be
decided by them when they came to form a State
constitution. The two great leading parties of the
country, the Whig and Democratic, had acqui-
csced in this compromise—accepted it as a final
adjustment of this territorial question. When,
therefore, Congress came to organize the Territo-
ries of Kansas and Nebraska, it was of course de-
sirable that the same territorial policy that had
been adopted in 1850 should also be applied to
Kansas and Nebraska. Good faith, as well as the
common peaco of the country, demanded a rigid
adherence to this principle, which was now re-
garded as the fixed policy of the Government.
But it may be asked, m applying this principle
to Kansas, why should the Missouri restriction
be repealed ? My answer is, it was nccessary to
carry out in good faith the policy of 1850. Kansas
was a part of the Louisiana purchase lying north
of the line of 36° 30', and slavciy was forever
excluded therefrom by the Missouri restriction of
1820; and it was impossible for the compromise
of 1850 to have any practical effect in its applica-
tion to Kansas so long as this restrictive clause
remained upon the statute-book. Hence the ne-
cessity of declaring it "inoperative and void;" if it
had not been done, it would have been a reafiirm-
artce of congressional restriction, which it was the
object of the legislation of 1850 to abandon.
This, however, was seized upon by the Aboli-
tionists as a pretext for renewed agitation. This
class of men live by agitation, and a re indebted
alone to the agitation of this question for their
seats upon this iloor. It was really amusing to
see " what u change came o'er the spirit of their 1
dreams." The very men who had all their lives
opposed the Missouri compromise, always voted
against it when offered by the South, and had
denounced every northern man that dared to vote
for its maintenance as a "doughface" a " trai-
tor," were the first to create a panic about its re-
peal, were the first to raise their hypocritical wait-
ings about " the sacrcdncss of compacts." All of a
sudden their consciences became very tender about
the sanctity of a compromise, which they themselves
had disregarded and trampled under foot for thirty
years. 'that Missouri compromise, which had j
hitherto been regarded by them as a mighty bar- '
rier in their pathway to universal freedom, was :
suddenly transformed into a covenant as sacred as
that made by God with Abiaham and Isaac. Not-
withstanding their open repudiation of it ever
since it becamc a law, now, after it had been ren-
dered by their own acts a mere "nndum pactum," [
and the South declared it should no longer remain :
as adead letter upon the statute-book, these piotts '
compact gentlemen were the first to raise a how!,
and shed crocodile tears over its repeal.
But these agitatators, these malcontents, not
only stirred up the popular mind all over the north-
ern States upon the subject of the repeal of the • !
Missoiui compromise, but they stopped not m j|
their work of agitation until they had succeeded in
stirring up bloodshed and civil war in Kansas.
They organized emigrant aid societies, purchased
arms and ammunition; sent out company after
company of lawless marauders, with old John
Brown at their head, armed with Bowie-knives and
Sharpe's rifles to forestall and control public opin-
ion in Kansas. They called conventions; got up
bogus constitutions; and, after they had fully ac-
complished their fell purposes, had aroused pop-
ular indignation all over the North, and had set
Kansas in a blaze of civil war, they then turned
round to the Democratic party, raised their hands
in holy horror, and said to them,." My God,gen-
tlemen ! what a fuss you Democrats have got up.
Oh, my! you rascally Democrats have ruined the
country. What excitement, what strife, what dis-
cord you have stirred up at the North; how
much bloodshed and civil war you have brought
upon poor, bleeding Kansas, and all on account of
your shameful disregard of the sacred compact of
1820!" This is the way these hypocritical Phar-*
^ecs talked then; this is the way they talk now,
and this is the way they preach to their people at
home; and no wonder the northern massessnould
be so much misinformed upon the subject. These
arc the men who get up here day after day, and
charge the South with being responsible for this
slavery agitation. After what I have said, sir,
no one can deny that the Republican party seized
upon the repeal of the Missouri restriction as a
mere pretext for agitation, and that they, and they
alone, are responsible to the country for whatever
of agitation grew out of this question.
Let us come now to the last eventful tragedy
upon this question. I mean the recent raid of John
Brown in the State of Virginia. So far as the re-
sponsibility for this event, and the consequent ex-
citement growing out of the same, arc concerncd,
there can be no cavil; it will hardly be contended
by the gentlemen on the other side of this House
that the South was responsible for this event—that
she was the agitator in this case. Who, then,is re-
sponsible for it ? I do not hesitate to place it where
it properly belongs, \tpon the Republican party of
the North. In my judgment, the recent invasion
of Virginia was hut the legitimate offspring of that
deep-settled hate to slavery and southern institu-
tions which it has always been the peculiar prov-
ince of the Republican party to engender and
foster in the northern mind. Now, sir, tins is a
grave charge, and it is due to myself and to the
country that I should give the reasons upon
which I predicate it.
In the first place, it is well known that John
Brown had large quantities of arms and ammuni-
tion for this foray. Prom all the facts in the case,
it is evident that his outfit—his implements of
warfare—were furnished him, either by general
subsciiption among the Republicans, or by the
abolition societies. Now, sir, men are not apt
to give their money unless they know to what ob-
ject it is to be. applied. Those men, therefore,
wljo contributed money for the purchase of these
arms and ammunition, with a knowledge of the
object in view, can be regarded in no other light
than as acccssorks before the fact, and arc as much
responsible forthc commission of the act as Brown
himself.
Again, sir: there can be no doubt that this
foray of John Brown was, in part, the result of
that deep-seated prejudice to slavery he had im-
bibed in his early educational training. It is a
part and parcel of the abolition tactics to instill
their principles into the young and rising genera-
tion. Tliey teach them in their schools and col-
!e<res to look upon slavery as a sin against God
and man; the slaveholder as an unmerciful tyrant
and usurper; and that it is but doing God service
to liberate the slave by any means in their power.
They inflame the passions and prejudices of the
youthful mind by fabulous stories and horrid pic-
tures of the master, with whip in hand, inflicting
all manner of tortures upon the unoffending slave.
It was by this system of education that John
Brown received those early impressions against
slavery that, in after life, led to that strange
frenzy and fanaticism which culminated m his
raid at Harper's Ferry. In so far as the Repub-
lican party are responsible for this system of edu-
cation, just so far are they responsible, as a party,
for this outrage upon the soil of Virginia.
But, sir, £ take higher ground still. There can
be no doubt about this party being responsible for
this invasion, when we come to look at the senti-
ments and doctrines taught by this party for the
last five or ten years. Upon a calm review of the
matter, I do not hesitate to declare that this Har-
per's Ferry affair was but the legitimate fruit of
those anti-slavery teachings—those treasonable dog-
mas—taught by the ultra leaders of the Republi-
can party—such leaders as Giddings, Phillips,
Garrison, Seward, and others. These men have
poisoned the fountains of learning and literature,
polluted the legislative halls, defiled the ermine of
the judiciary, and desecrated even the sacred desk
by their unhallowed teachings.
Now, sir, as an evidence-of the truth of this po-
sition, I will here read a few extracts from the
speeches of these leaders, showing the treasona-
ble and insurrectionary sentiments proclaimed by
them.
Mr. J. R. Giddings, in the House of Repre-
sentatives, said:
" The gentleman, however, says the Abolitionists look
to the insurrection of the slaves. Sir, who does nut look
to that inevitable result, unless the slave States remove the
heavy burdens which now rest upon the downtrodden and
degraded people whom they oppress? Is there a slave-
holder who can shut his eyes to this finale of slavery? And
why should we not expect it?"
Mr. Giddings says, again:
" I would not be understood as desiring a servile insur-
rection ; but I say to souther^ gentlemen that there are
hundieds of thousands of honest and patriotic men who will
4 laugh at your calamity, and will mock when yuur fear
cometh.'" *********
" Sir, I would intimidate no man ; but 1 tell you there is
a spirit in the Noith which will set at defiance all the low
and unworthy machinations of this Executive, and of the
minions of its power. When the contcst shall come; when
the thunder shall roll, and the lightning flash; when the
slaves shall rise in the South ; when, in imitation of the
Cuban bondmen, the southern slaves of the South shall feel
that they arc men; when they feel the Stirling emotions of
immortality, and recognize the stirring truth that they are
men, and entitled to the rights which God has bestowed
upon them ; when the slaves ^liall fi-el that, and when mas-
ters shall turn pale and tremble ; when thcirdwellings shall
smoke, and dismay sit on each countenance; then, sir, I
do not say ' wc will laugh at your calamity and mock when
your Jear cometh but I do say, when that time shall come,
the lovers of our race will stand forth and exert the legiti-
mate powers of this Government for fiecdom. We shall
then have constitutional power to act for the good of our
country, and do justice to the slave. Then will we stnke
off the shackles from the limbs ol the slaves."
Mr. William O. Duval said:
" I sincerely hope a civil war may soon burst upon the
country. I want to see American slavery abolished in my
time,"' * * * * "and when the time arrives
for the streets of the cities of this' land of the free and home
of the brave5 to mn with blood to the horses' bridles, if the
writer of this be living, there will be one heart to rejoice
at the letrihutive justice of Heaven."
William H. Seward, inhis Rochester speech,
said:
"l Shall 1 toll you what this collision means? They who
think that itr< accidental, unneeessaiy, the work of inter-
ested or tanatic.il agitatois, and theretoie ephemeral, mis-
take the case altogether, it is an irrepicssiblc conflict be-
tween oppoMns and enduring forces; it means that the
United States inu;t and will, eithersooncr or later, become
either entirely a slaveholckng nation, or entitely afiee-labor
nation."
Mr. Seward, in his speech at Cleveland, said:
" Slavery can be limited to its present bounds ; it can bo
ameliorated. Xt can be and it must bo abolished, and you
and I can and must do it. The task D as simple and easy
aj. its consummation will be beneficent and its reward glo-
nous. It lequires to follow onlj this simple rule of action :
do everywhere and on every occasion what we can, and
not to neglect or refuse to do what we can, at any time,
because, at that precise time, and on that particular occa-
sion, we cannot do more. Circumstances determine pos-
sibilities." * * * * * "
''Correct your own error, that siavciy lias constitutional
guarantees which may not be incased, and ought not to be
relinquished." * * * u You will soon bring
the parties of the country mto^n effective aggression upon
slavery."
Mr. Seward said, again:
" Whenever the public mind shall will the abolition of
slavery, the way will open for it "
James Watson Webb said:
"On the action of^his [the Republican] convention de-
pends the fate of the country; if the Republicans fail at tho
ballot-box, we will be foieed to drive back the slaveocracy
with fire and sword."
Such are some of the atrocious doctrines taught
by these high priests of Republicanism. These
extracts speak for themselves, and need no com-
ment from me. Here wc sec the great " irre-
pressiblc-conflict" doctrine clearly foreshadowed:
" slavery can and must be abolished;" peaceably if
