2634
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 5,
.through with to-morrow, if we do not dispose of
it now.
Mr, TRUMBULL. I think not. Wc have
got now to a stage of proceedings wjiere appeals
are taken from the decision of the Chair. I think
we had better adjourn.
Mr. DAVIS. If the point of order and the ap-
peal could both be withdrawn and let us vote on
the amendment, I think it would be a saving of
time.
Mr. PUGH. I was about to say to the Senate
that, if the yeas and nays are to be called and time
lost, I would rather withdraw my objection, and
let us have a vote by general consent on the amend-
ment itself. ["Agreed."]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By common
consent that may be done, not othewise. [" No
objection."] The Chair hears no objection, and
the point of order and the appeal are considered
as withdrawn. The question is on the amend-
ment of the Senafor from Oregon.
Mr. LANE called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 23, nays 22; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Benjamin, Biglor, Bragg, Brown, Davis,
Fjtch, Fitzpatrick, Green, Gwin, Hemphill, Iverson, John-
son of Arkansas, Kennedy, Lsinc, Latham, Nicholson,
Polk, Powell, Rice, Saulsbuiy, Sebastian, Toombs, and
Yulee—23,
"NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Chandler, Claik,
Doofittle, Durkee, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Grimes, IJale,
Harlan, ilunter, Johnson ot Tennessee, King, Peaiee,
JPugh, Simmons, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wilkinson, and
Wilson—''XI.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FITCH. The Committee on Indian Af-
fairs have directed me to offer the following amend-
ment, to be added to the bill:
For the purchase and transportation of provisions and
presents, and to meet the necessaiy expenses in holding a
council with the Kioways, the Camanchcs, and other In-
dians who roam near the Arkansas river, west of the one
hundredth degree of west longitude, munbeung, as nearas
e«n be estimated, eleven thousand souls, $100,000.
For the purchase and transportation of provisions and
presents, and to cover the expenses neces&ary to hold a
council with the Arrapahoos and Cheyennes, located be-
tween the south fork of the Platte liver, their aggregate num-
ber being about thirty-five hundred souls, ,•$&">,000.
For the purchase and transportation of provisions and
presents, and to meet the expenses requisite to hold a coun-
cil with the Sioux, Ciovvs, and other tribes ot Indians of
the plains, to bo concentrated for the pinpos-c at Deer Creek,
a tributary of the Platte river, said tribes numbering in the
aggregate about eight thousand souls, $80,000.
Mr. HUNTER. Is not this the same amend-
ment which was thrown out on the Indian bill?
Mr. FITCII. A similar amendment—almost
the same with one exception—was thrown out on
the Indian appropriation bill. This has been es-
timated by the Department and reported by the
committee. It was thrown out on a misunder-
standing of its merits. The Senator from Oregon
urged that it was bad policy to hold these coun-
cils and make presents to the Indians. Certainly
he is mistaken. The history of our own Govern-
ment, and the history of British intercourse with
the Indians, show the error. The history, in-
deed, of our intercourse with the Indians m his
own Territory, shows it. But for our disregard of
our treaties with those Indians, our refusal to ratify
them, millions of dollars, part of which we have
paid, and the rest of which we must pay, and have
already provided for the payment of, would have
been saved to the country. This is a small appro-
priation of about two hundred and fifteen thousand
dollars, which will probably save us in five years
more than five million dollars. We must commit
the very great oversight of supposing that the In-
dians are not governed by the same human nature
which governs us. They will not permit their
possessory rights to be trespassed upon, year
after year by our people, without resenting the
affront. Our people are now settling on their terri-
tory in the Pike's Peak region; they arc crowding
them in western Kansas and western Nebraska.
Difficultiosare presenting themselves to the knowl-
edge of the Department by the reports of its agents,
-—which reports I have here; and recent events
in the Carson Valley alone, if no where else, should
teach us the propriety of conciliating these In-
dians. It is much cheaper to do it by making
them animal presents of blankets and other neces-
saries, than it is to fight them. That course is
the secret of the success on the part of the English
and Canadian Governments, in their intercourse
with Indians. They are never involved in tl*ar
with the tribes in their midst and upon their
frontier, simply from the fact that they make
them annually small presents of necessaries, and
the fear of losing these annual presents keeps
them perfectly in peace. I trust thai, although
the Senate refused to adopt this provision before
—then it was different from its present shape and
omitted one clause of this amendment entirely—
there will be no serious opposition to its adoption
now.
Mr. PEARCE. It is incongruous; and, if for
no other reason, I think it ought not to be
adopted.
Mr. PUGH. I thought wo were to finish this
bill very.soon; but it seems a new committee has
opened upon it, and I move now that the Senate
adjourn. ["Oh,no!5'] Itseemstobeinterminable.
Mr. FITCH. This is the only amendment of
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. PUGH. Well, if it is the only one the
Committee on Indian Affairs intend to report, and
no other committee expects to add to the bill, I
will withdraw the motion.
Mr. FITCH. I cannot speak for any other
committee.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I intend to
offer one amendment.
Mr. MASON. I hope the Senator from Ohio
will withdraw his motion, and allow us to have
an executive session.
Mr. PUGH. I have withdrawn it, to let the
Senator from Indiana have a vote on his amend
ment.
Mr. HUNTER. Let us finish the bill.
The amendment was rejected. *
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I am instructed
by the Committee on Military Affairs to offer, as
an amendment to this bill, the proposition which I
send to the Chair, and I will say that I should
not bo a particle surprised if it was objected to in
the same way that I have seen others objected to
throughout this whole day.' I shall not be one
particle surprised if the first step taken were to be
an objection to it as a private claim. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
•And be it further enacted. That to enable the Secretary
of War to pay to David Waldo, foi damages sustained by
him on account of the non-tulfillment on the paitof the
Government of a contract made with him by tlm War De-
partment, in 1?50, tor delivering coin at Foit Laramie, the
sum of $9,93G heieby appiopinitod.
Mr. IVERSON. The only objection I have to
it is, that the condition of the Treasury at the pres-
ent moment is of such a character that it would
deplete it to pay this debt, which 1 think is highly
just. I have no objection to the claim; I expect
that it is a very justone; but I really do not think
we are at present able to pay, and, therefore, I
shall vote against it.
Mr. HUNTER. I must raise the question of
order. That is all I have to say.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. What does the
Senator from Virginia say?
Mr. HUNTER. I raise the question of order;
and ask the Chair if this be not a private claim.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. That is just
what I have been expecting. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
of opinion that it is a private claim.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I hope the
Chair will not decide without hearing me.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
hear the Senator.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I trust so. I
know the Senator from Georgia has no unkind
feeling towards me for the opposition I made to
his proposition to take §1,600,000 out of the Treas-
ury when it is m such a stress as he now says.
My opposition to that ought hardly to be brought
up now; but I think the Senator from Virginia
can, with ill grace, come forwaid now and say
that he raises the question of order on this amend-
ment on the ground that it is a private claim.
That nidkes fish of one. and flesh of another. Here
is a poor devil who cannot have what is justly due
to him because it is not in order on this bill; but
it is in order to propose to vote $1,600,000 to rich
sovereigns; not so much for money they advanced,
as for interest; and not for interest so much that
was not paid before, as for interest which they
themselves acknowledged, on a full settlement,
was not due to them; for they were satisfied at the
time with what was paid. 'Phem we allowed to
come in and get a vote on the merits of their case.
Then an amendment was offered by the Senator
from Oregon to pay for certain services in New
Mexico, to a party of persons collected together
to fight the Indians. They ought to have been
paid, of course. They'were a number of indi-
viduals. The point of order was raised on that
case; and after it had been made, (and decided, in
fact,) thfe Senate allowed a vote upon it. They
allowed a vote on each of those propositions; but
now objection is made when the Committee on
Military Affairs report this amendment for this
poor devil—for I will not speak of him in any
other terms—a man who is entitled to sympathy;
a man who was poor, and who, by the action of
the Government, has been made a great deal
poorer than he was, and the Government has got
the benefit of his very services. The Committee
on Military Affairs have considered the case; the
proper Department have considered it. This man
was actually in the Government service, and not
only performed his duties to the Government,but
he was under bond, with security, to do so; but
the Government has failed to do her part, and we
cannotgetanappropriation to pay him. TheSecre-
taryof Warrecommendeditto us; the quartermas-
ter's department, with General Jesup at the head,
whose rigid scrutiny is well known, and his des-
perate determination against all claims that are
illegitimate and unjust, recommends it; and the
Committee on Military Affairs indorses it. The
Secretary of Warsentalctterto the committee sug-
gestmgthatit should be added, as an amendment,
to the Army appropriation bill. This poor fellow,
who went out into the cold and snow, spreading
upon the snow his loads of fodder to his five hun-
dred oxen, and waiting all the winter at the post
ready to do his duty, could not get a cent of
money, was broken up, turned off, sent away;
and now 1 come before you and ask for an appro-
priation in this specific bill, in accordance with the
recommendation of the War Department and of
the Committee on Military Affairs, and the ques-
tion of order is raised. The States can get a vote on
their claim. Individuals in New Mexico can get
a vote on theirs. Now I only ask a vole on this.
If this man's claim is not right, with all this tes-
timony, vote it down as you did the proposition
in regard to the States. I think you did right in
voting that down; but I hope this will not be
voted down. Just give me one trial, and you will
get clear of the ease, and can pass the bill. What
is the use of the chairman of the Finance Com-
mittee making himself so uneasy when there is
only one man concerncd,andnot a State? I pro-
test against it.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not know that a point
of order is to be settled on a question of personal
consistency; but I maintain that the question of
the State claims has not been treated by the Sen-
ate as a matter of private claim. This matter of
State claims has been settled twice by appeals to
the Senate. I believe I raised the question of
order myself the first time, and was overruled.
The Senate have never treated State claims as
private claims.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. If the Senator
wants to come seriously to the case, I will do so,
with the understanding that, if the Chair decides
against me, I intend to appeal to the sense of jus-
tice of the Senate to protect the helpless and the
defenseless; and' I hope we shall pay the little
claims, even if we do not pay those that go up to
millions.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. With very
great respect to the Senator from Arkansas, and
adopting to some extent the opinion which the
Chair understood him to avow some short time
since, the Chair must think this amendment is
within the rule, and not in order.
Mi. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I thought the
decision of the Chair was going to fall in the other
line; and I rose, with that expectation, before the
Chair got through, to express my thanks. [Laugh-
ter.] Not long since, a proposition was decided
to be out of order; and yet, by common consent,
a vote was allowed to be taken upon it. That
involved a large amount, and to numerous per-
sons. I hope, then, you will not turn off this*
poor devil in this way, when 1 have shown you
that his claim is recognized by the Committee on
Military Affairs and by the War Department,
and that it is entiieiy just and right. It is esti-
mated by the Government, and recommended by
