THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February &
l understand. The Senator from Michigan, whom
-I" did not hear "very distinctly in the beginning of
his remarks, I thought, presented for public judg-
ittentJthe consideration whether it was himself or
the President who was ignorant of the subject of
which the President treated. Of course I ao not
pretend to decide that question. I hope the Sen-
ator did not, in the course of his argument, intend
tadecide it in favor of himself. He is willing, I
-presume, to leave it to the public to decide that
question of comparative intelligence. I say, let
the public pass judgment. I have nothing more
to say on that.
The Senator, however, assumes that which the
President concedes, and directs his arguments
against the message of the President as though
he had denied it. He assumes that this work is
necessary for military defense, and arraigns the
President for vetoing a work so essential to mili-
tary defense; but the President says he admits
the-power of Congress to construct works which
are necessary for military defense. Therefore,
the position of the President is not that he will
disapprove an appropriation made to construct a
work which is necessary for military defense, but
that he vetoes this appropriation because he does
not consider it necessary for military defense. In
that he but exercises a discretion which the Con-
stitution confers upon the Executive officer;'and
>10 one can gainsay the exercise of that right,
though some may dispute the premises on which
the action is based.
I concur with the President in the view which
he takes 011 that question. I concur with him 111
the position that if we should over have a battle
with the only Power which would involve the
necessity for using this channel, it will not be
fought by vessels upon the lakes, but that the
growing power of the United States will take its
position north and west of the lakes, and the bat-
tles will be fought on British and not on Ameri-
can or doubtful soil. In peace, as in war, this is
Valuable as a commercial channel; but if I be not
mistaken in the prowess and energy of the people
pf the United States, and if it be true that we are
to maintain the same national boundary as now
in time of war, then it must be by railroads not
exposed to British power, rather than by this
channel, which runs along the British shore, that
wc mustexpect to communicate between the army
and the depot of supplies.
The St. Clair flats is a subject which has been
before Congress a great many years, has been dis-
cussed both in its hydro-dynamic and its political
aspect. In past time I have taken a position en-
tirely adverse to that held by the Senator from'
Michigan this morning, and I have 110 occasion
now to review the position thus taken. I do not
concur with him in" the proposition, either as a
political problem oras'a problem in civil engineer-
ing. The dredging of that deposit which is thrown
up where the current of the river meets the deep
water of the lake is one which is not to be term-
inated by merely dredging the channel. It is to
be an eternal work until jetties are constructed,
projecting far into the deep water of the lake, and
there receiving the wave of the lake as the wind
drives it from the shore and allows it to pass be-
yond its head. That cannot be done, according
to my recollection of the estimates, for less than
about a half a million dollars.
Mr. CHANDLER. Will the Senator pardon
me for interrupting him ?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will state that the report
of Captain Whipple shows that it does not fall,
it has not fallen during the past two years; and,
furthermore, that the passage of propellers and
other vessels over that channel, although it stirs
tip the loose deposit, that deposit floats off, and
the channel remains intact. In his estimation,
and in the estimation of men well acquainted with
those flats and with that trade, this cut will be
sufficient and will be permanent.
Mr. DAVIS. There is a great diversity of
opinion among civil engineers in relation to the
matter. There is a great diversity, too, in rela-
tion to a proposition which the Senate seemed to
decide as though it was as plain as A, B, C—the
question of a fluctuation, running through a term
of years, in the tides of the lake. I shall not enter
into these problems. They are not necessary to
any conclusions which I wish to draw, and I do
not cheese, on this occasion and in this place, to
discuss a problem so entirely outside of our legis-
lative duties. I think the President relies on au-
thority, whifth very few will successfully dispute,
in relation to the increase of water in a term of
years. Captain Whipple, an officer of very high
intelligence and very high attainments, who has
cllarge of the particular work, anticipates a sub-
sidence of that tide to a state of things which will
require an appropriation in the manner in which
the President presents the question in his veto
message.
It has also been argued by some of the best en-
gineers that the channel will be worthless if other
work is not done. Others have argued that by
giving it sufficient width it could not be filled up;
and others, again, have argued that it ought to be
narrowed, so as to maintain a strong current. All
these are questions, however, which do not enter
into the line of argument which, I think, leads me
to the only conclusion we have to adopt: is this
a work for the United States, or is it not? I con-
cur with the President, that it is not necessary for
military purposes. It, therefore, resolves itself
into a consideration, if it is our duty to keep open
this channel as one of the channels of commerce.
That it will contribute to the military strength of
the country in time of war, is unquestionable. So
will every work of internal improvement in the
United States. So will a canal around the falls of
the Ohio. Wherever transportation is required,
providing the means for that transportation will
increase the power of the United States, and en-
able them to meet the contingencies of war. It
must, however, to bring it within the power to
maintain an army and provide for the exigencies
of war, be so directly and palpably essential to the
military uses of the country as to be put outside
of the general eonsidoration which belongs to
everything that advances the general power of the
United States.
As a question of commerce, 1 do not think the
Senator's criticism at all fair against the Presi-
dent's objection to deriving from the power to
regulate commerce the powei to create it. It
matters not to tell me that so many hundreds of
tonnage are employed. It is nothing but a means.
If there be the power to create a channel over
which those vessels float, it might with equal pro-
priety be argued that there was a power to build
the vessels 111 which the goods were to be carried.
It is the creation of commerce, whether it be the
creation of the channel, whether it be the creation
of the vehicles', or whether it be the goods them-
selves, furnished by the United States; and equally
subject to the objection which is made on the con-
s', tutional power, whether it be Qne or the other.
The power "to regulate commercc," that is to
make rules for commerce, as the President argues,
implies nothing for the improvement of the chan-
nels of commerce. I concur with the arguments
which the President presents against this bill, and
I think it is also quite unfair to arraign him for not
signing a bill which he had not even the power to
examine, when he had not even time to learn what
appropriations had been made, and what work
had been performed. Now he comes forward,
after having had time, and presents his views,
which he might have presented to Congress be-
fore if they had given him the bill with a sufficient
number of days to examine it on merits.
Mr. BINGHAM. Will the gentleman frojn
Mississippi allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. BINGHAM. I wish to know whether he
concurs also with the President in the practicabil-
ity and feasibility of the State of Michigan levy-
ing tonnage duties to improve the channel over the
St. Clair flats.
Air. DAVIS. I will say to the Senator from
Michigan that the words " tonnage" and "ton-
nage duties" have been the subject of some dis-
cussion and criticism here before, and that my idea
of the power to impose tonnage duties upon ves-
sels has never extended to vessels sailing from one
part of the United States to another; but I have
always held that it was for Michigan to improve
the channel, and impose taxes on those whoavailed
themselves of the improvement which had been
made, as in the case of the toll-gates erected upon
the Cumberland road. I had to refer to the veto
message of Mr. Monroe to show what was the
doctrine held by himself, and the doctrine of the
Democracy, at whose hoadjie stood, during his
administration.
Mr. BINGHAM. Yes, sir; but this is a chan-
nel which runs between the United States and the
British provinces A large share of the commercc
going through that channel goes to Illinois, Wis-
consin, New York, Ohio, and Pennsylvania.
Michigan has no control over the channel. It be-
longs to the United States.
Mr. DAVIS. I understand the Senator. Being
navigable water of the United States, of course
Congress must give its consent, just as it gave its
consent to the city of Baltimore to levy tonnage
duties on vessels coming up the river to the city
of Baltimore, being within the jurisdiction of the
United States. I take the last case, ThePresident
cites only one. I take the last case of such a law.
Being water within the jurisdiction of the United
States, the State of course could not close it, be-
cause it is a national highway; but, with the eon-
sent of Congress, the State could lay taxes or tolls
and make improvements so as to facilitate the
transportation of commerce across it. And, in
relation to the St. Clair flats, I may say, that this
question is not to me entirely new. In the failure
of appropriations, the merchants of Detroit, at
one time, thought it advisable that they should un-
dertake to improve it themselves. I cordially con-
curred in the view which they took of it at that
time, made an estimate of such assistance as it
was possible for the War Department to furnish
in the shape of dredging-boats, and other things
they then had on hand, that for §121,000 they could
open the channel so that it would answer for the
year's commerce. The President's view, there-
fore, in relation to the city or State sustaining the
channel itself, and imposing a tax on the (local
commerce which would maintain the local im-
provement, is in exact accordance with the opin-
ion I hold now, and have held ever since I exam-
ined the question. I entirely approve his message
in that particular.
I think, then, if I be right, that the Senator
from Michigan properly desires to know how im-
provements can be made; and I answer him, by
tolls, by taxes, by wharfage duties, by light taxes,
by all of those taxes which the sovereignty of a
State may impose, or joint sovereignties, having
equal control of the river, by the consent of Con-
gress, may impose, upon the commerce which
passes over it. In practice, I see that it has many
difficulties; but I believe it would be a better plan
than the one we now have. I think it would give
some continuity and congruity to the conduct of
works thus undertaken, and render secure that
commerce which is now interrupted by the failure
of an appropriation one year, the obtaining of an
appropriation another, the greater portion of which
is expended in getting ready the material and ma-
chinery, and then the appropriation fails; the boats
either rot in the water, or are sunk to preserve
them as long as possible, or are sold, perhaps,
because the Government can make no use of them
in another season. It is no argument to me, to
tell me how much of commerce goes through a
channel. That has been no argument to me in
relation to the commerce which floats past the
door of my own residence—the greatest commerce
in the United States. I hold, in one place as well
as another, at home, as well as in any other por-
tion of the United States, that this power to tax
the whole people of the United States to improve
the navigation of one'locality, is an oflense against
the Constitution, and not to be drawn from any
of its specific grants.
I do not suppose that a tax upon the cotton of
Missouri, which the Senatorsays passes over this
channel, would amount to much. The tobacco,
perhaps, would give something. Missouri cotton,
I think, would yield very little. Whatever the
tax be, it will be for the people themselves to de-
cide. They will put it as low as they can, and
they will administer the fund as economically as
they can. Instead of bargains, contracts, jobs,
wasteful expenditure, as it is now presented to the
public, we shall have that rigid economy, both in
the sum to bo named and in the expenditure of
the sum when collected, which will give a full
statement to every one for every cent which he
has taken out of his pocket. It would be a great
improvement in the machinery and operation of
the Government.
As to the arraignment of the President for his
position, I will only say that, from the time of
Mr. Monroe down, it has been the position of
those who constituted the party of which the Pre^
