250
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 23,
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
The Slavery Question—Mr. Jones.
Ho. op Reps.
Mr. Giddings also said:
" Gentlemen will bear with me when I assure them and
the President that I have seen as many as nine fugitives
diuing at one time in my own house—fathers, mothers, hus-
bands, wives, parents, and children." * * * ,
" 1 tod them, I clothed them, gave them money for their
journey, and sent them on their way rejoicing."
Mr. Seward said:
" We deem the principle of the law for the recapture of
fugitive slaves unjust, unconstitutional,and immoral; and
thus, while patriotism withholds its approbation, the con-
science of our people condemns it."
Wendell Phillips said:
<< We confess that wc intend to trample under foot the
Constitution of this country."
* Senator Wilson, of Massachusetts, said:
" I tcH you here to-night, that the agitation of this ques-
tion of human slavery will continue while the foot of a
slave presses the t>oil of the American Republic.
" We shall change the Supreme Court of the United
States, and place men in that court who believe with its
pure and immaculate Chief Justice, John Jay, that our
prayers will be impious to Heaven, while wc sustain and
support human slavery."
Mr. Conkling, of New York., said, in the
House of Representatives, April 17, 1860: „
"A reorganization and reinvigoration of the court, with
just regard to commercial and political consideration?, is
one of the auspicious promises of Republican ascendency."
* *********
" With this reform accomplished, the vampire of slavery,
now flitting among the shadows of a sheltering tribunal,
will spread its wings once more over that hospitable do-
main wheie its mimstiations arc considered essential to
the full development of ' the highest type of white civili-
zation. 1"
Such, sir, are some of the startling doctrines and
principles of this self-styled Republican party—
a party professing to follow the footsteps of the
fathers of the Republic; a party that has stolen
the livery of heaven, that they may better accom-
plish their works of darkness; a party that is ever
and eternally crying "Great is Diana of the Ephe-
siatts!" " Great is this Union!" " Great is the Con-
stitution!" and yet every day of their lives they
are trampling under foot the sacred guarantees of
the Constitution, and sapping the very founda-
tions of that Union thw are now so loudly pro-
fessing to glorify. Pfcc this party m power,
give them the control of the Government, and can
anyone doubt that they will carry out all these
odious and unconstitutional measures? Sir, no
one who has watched the progress of this anti-
slavery sentiment at thcNoith can for a moment
doubt the purposes and aims of this Republican
party. This tide of fanaticism has rolled on and
on, until it has now become a great moral and re-
ligious sentiment with the masses at the North,
pervading their whole social and political fabric.
With these stubborn facts before us, 1 confess I
have but little hope for the perpetuation of this
Union. The southern people, if they are true to
themselves, their pledges, their homes, and their
firesiefcs, can never submit to the foul domination
. of such a party.
Thus far, Mr. Chairman, I have only given
you the principles of this Republican party. I
propose, now, to test them by their acts—it is said,
"that actions speak louder than words"—"by
their fruits ye shall know them." Tried by this
standard, I am prepared to convict them at the
bar of the country of not only being agitators—
disturbers of the public peace—but of being ene-
mies and violators of the Constitution of our com-
mon country. Wherever they have had political
power they have shown themselves capable of
every enormity; neither oaths, nor compacts, nor
constitutions, can bind them; they have overleaped
all these in their ownward career to universal
freedom. Now, sir, this is strong language, but
it is not stronger than the facts of the case will
justify.
The first count in the indictment upon which 1
arraign them is this: that they, regardless of then-
oaths, have set at naught and violated one of the
plainest provisions of the Constitution. ^ I mean,
sir, the clause in reference to the rendition of fu-
gitive slaves. By reference to the legislation of
the non-slaveholding States, you will find that in
nearly ail of them laws have been passed, either
directly or indirectly, nullifying this clause of the
Constitution. It has certainly been done in all
those States where the Republican party has been
in power. It is a source of congratulation and
pride that the Democratic party has never lent its
aid to such acts of perfidy. They have ever been
true and loyal to the Constitution. This subject
has been lately extensively reviewed in Hie other
wing of this Capitol by one of the Senators from
my own State, [Mr. Toombs,] and according to
his calculations, at least nine of these States have
passed laws with the intent to abrogate this clause.
I see, however, by the report of the Harper's
Ferry investigating committee before the Virginia
Legislature, that nearly every non-slaveholding
State, without a single exception, has in some
form or other passed laws having in view this
object.
The whole legislation of the non-slaveholding
States on this subject has had but one object in
view, and that is, the violation of this clause of
the Constitution. Some have accomplished it in
one way, some in another; some openly and de-
fiantly, others covertly. The more bold and dar-
ing have openly set at naught this clause of the
Constitution by their infamous "personal liberty"
bills, with the severest fines and penalties attached
thereto. In some cases, every Federal officer, at-
tempting to fulfill the obligation of his oath to
support the Constitution of the United States, is
fined $1,000, or imprisoned at least one year.
Others' have sought to cover up their infamy un-
der their " habeas corpus" acts, their "mandamus"
acts; some under the specious pretenses of pre-
venting kidnapping; all having m view the same
avowed purpose—that of defeating this plain pro-
vision of the Constitution for the rendition of fu-
gitives. And marvel not when I tell you that
every one of these Republican legislators who
passed these abominable laws had previously
taken a solemn oath upon the Holy Evangelists to
support the Constitution of the iTnitcd States; and
yet, while their oaths were warm upon their lips,
they turned round, and passed laws to violate it.
Now, sir, what are we to think of such men?
What excuse or extenuation have their confeder-
ates upon this floor to give for their perjury? Yet
these arc the men who are loudest in their denunci-
ations of southern men who dare to get up here,
and demand of the North a rigid adherence to their
constitutional obligations. These are the men
who raise the cry of treason! traitor! against every
southern man who does not see proper tamely to
submit to these infractions of the Federal com-
pact, and who prefers peaceably to withdraw from
this Union, rather than to fellowship with men
that neither oaths, nor compacts, nor constitutions
can bind.
But, sir, our grievances stop not here; if I had
time I might swell the catalogue. Not only
has this Ilcpublican party, thus knowingly, will-
fully, and deliberately trampled under foot the
Federal Constitution by their State enactments;
but they are every day of their lives committing
hostile depredations upon the property of their
confederates—planning and scheming by every
foul combination, and by unfriendly legislation, to
rob the slaveholder of his property. It is a no-
torious fact, that in agood many of the non-slavc-
holdingStates the Republican party have regularly
organized societies—underground railroads—for
the avowed purpose of stealing the slaves from the
border States and carrying them off to a free State
or to Canada. These predatory bands are kept
up by private and public subscriptions among the
Abolitionists; and in many of the States, I am
sorry to say, they receive the sanction and pro-
tection of the law. The border States lose annu-
ally thousands and millions of dollars' worth of
property by this system of larceny that has been
carried on for years. In addition to this, all the
Abolition States have passed laws, in my judg-
ment, violative of the spirit of the Federal com-
pact and of all comity between the States, depriv-
ing the southerner of the right of carrying his
slave property, even on a visit, to any of these
States; by attaching heavy penalties to the master,
and declaring the slave free the moment he puts
his foot upon free soil.
Besides this, we have all manner of contumely
and abuse heaped upon us as southern men, be-
cause, like the patriarchs of old, wo recognize the
right of property in man. As an evidence of the
cruelty of the master over the slave, wc have been
even charged here upon this floor [by Mr. Van
Wyck] " cf burning negroes alive." Their Legis-
latures, their party presses, their leaders, their
orators, and their pulpits, are every day thunder-
ing the vilest anathemas and calumnies against us.
Such is a sample of the rights of reciprocity we
receive from our confederates in this Union. It
will not do for the Republican party to tell me
they are not responsible forthese things; my an-
swer is, they affiliate with, support, defend, and
place in power, the men through whose instrumen-
tality these outrages are committed. And yet
these are our brethren in this glorious Confed-
eracy, against whom we must not even utter a
murmur of dissatisfaction. No harm for brother
to rob brother—for brother to steal a brother's
negro. Oh, no! say they; stand it lilce a clever
fellow; we are all common citizens of this glorious
Union, and for Heaven's sake domot let us have
a fuss.
These are the men who cry out so lustily for
the Union—the glorious Union. It must, however,
be a Union of their own—a Union in which they
can be permitted to do as they please—violate the
Constitution ad libitum; and wo must tamely sub-
mit. If we dare to whisper a complaint, we are de-
nounced as traitors and disunionists,a.nd threatened
with the bayonet if we should even think of with-
drawing ourselves and our imperiled institutions
from atJnion thatgives no protection to property
or security against constitutional aggression. Let
me say to gentlemen, oriteforall, this Union can
never be preserved by singing peans to the Union;
it can only be maintained by a rigid adherence to
the Federal compact, by mutual forbearance and
respectfor tho constitutional rights of all sections.
And it is for this reason that I have no confidence
in these great Union demonstrations at the North;
they amount to nothing. Asageneralrule, those
who sign the calls for these meetings, and figure
most conspicuously in them, are the very men
who go to the polls and vote for legislators and
Congressmen openlypledged to violate the Consti-
tution—the only bond of Union. Now, if our
northern brethren arc really sincere in their desires
to perpetuate the Union, let them " show their faith
by their works;" let them lay the ax at the root of
the evil; let them reform the ballot-box; let them
turn out these public enemies, these violators of
the Constitution, from our State and national
councils, and put in sound, national, conservative
men, who will respect the rights of all, and stand
by the sacred guarantees of the Constitution. Let
them do this, and then may we talk about Union.
Having thus given you a brief outline of the
principles, objects, and aims of this Republican
party, as well as some of tlieir acts, I ask, in all
candor, what have we to expect, for the future by
remaining in this Union? The picture is indeed
a gloomy one, becoming more and more so every
day. As it was remarked by the immortal Patrick
Henry, " I know of no way of judging of the fu-
ture but by the past;" and judging of the futuro-
by the past, I wish to know what there is in the
past history of this abolition cxcitement to solace
gentlemen with the hope that wc can ever roll
back this wave of fanaticism, restore peace to the
country, justice to all sections, and mutual regard
and respect for the compromises of the Constitu-
tion ' With such a party as the Republican party
in power in this Government, I ask what hope
would the South have for equality in this Union?
What hope would she have for the maintenance
and expansion of her institutions? Place this
party in power, and who doubts that they will
carry out their programme? Wc have seen how
they use power when they get it. Wherever
they have had the control in the State Legisla-
tures, they have shown themselves reckless and
regardless of all constitutional obligations. If
they will knowingly, willfully, and deliberately
violate the Constitution of the United States by
their State enactments, will they not do the same
thing if you give them the control of the Federal
Government? The great body of the masses at
the North look upou slavery " as a sin against
God and a crime against humanity;" and with
such a sentiment animating their bosoms, what
regard will they have for a Constitution that rec-
ognizes and perpetuates such a "crime?" This
feeling has already become a religious fanaticism
with them; and we are told that fanaticism takes
no step backwards. Let this Government then
pass into the hands of such a party; give them
the majority in this branch of Coegress; give
them the majority in the Senate; give them the
