1692
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
Mr. HICKMAN called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
(he affirmative—yeas 86, nays *4; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs.Charles F. Adams,Green Adams, Allen,
Alley, Thomas L. Anderson, William C. Anderson, Beale,
Boyee, Branch, Briggs, Bris>to\v, Buffinton, Burnett, Carey,
Horace Clark, Cobb, John Cochrane, Conkling, Craw-
ford, Curtis, Davidson, Delano, Edmundson, Etheridge,
Farnsfrorth, Fenton, Ferry, Gartreli, Hamilton, Hardeman,
John T. Harris, Hatton, Hill, Hoard, Houston, Humphrey,
Jackson, Jenkins, Jones, Killinger, Larrabee, James M.
Leach, Leake, Love, Mallory, McQueen, McRae, Mill-
Son, Laban T. Moore, Sydenham Moore, Morrill, Isaac TV.
Morris, Nelson, Niblack, Pendleton, Perry, Pottle, Pugh,
Cluailes, Reagan, Riggs, Christopher Robinson, Ruffin,
Rust, Sedgwick, Singleton, William Smith, William N.
H. Smith, Spinner, Stallworth, Stanton, Stevens, Stokes,
Stratton, Taylor, Thomas, Tompkins, Underwood, Vance,
Yandever, Israel Washburn, Wells, Wilson, Winslow,
Woodruff, and Woodson—86.
NAYS—Messrs. Adrain, Aldrich, Ashley, Avery, Bab-
bitt, Barr, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Bouhgny,Brayton, Burn-
ham, Butterfield, Carter, Case, John B. Clark, Colfax, Coi-
win, Covode, Dawes,Dunn, Edwards,Eliot, Ely, Florence,
Foster, Frank, French, Gooch,Gurley, Hale, Hall, Haskin,
Helmick, Hickman, Howard, Hughes, Hutching, Irvine,
Junkin, Francis W. Kellogg, lvenyon, Longnecker, Loo-
mis, Lovejoy, MarstQn, Maynard, McClcrnand, McKcan,
McKnight, Millward, Montgomeiy, Edward Joy Morris,
Morse, Noel!, Olin, Pettit, Phelps, Porter, Rice, James C.
Robinson, Royce, Schwartz, Scott, Sickles, Thayer, Thea-
ker, Tiain, Trimble, Waldion, Walton, Cadwalader C.
Washburn, Webster, and Windom—74.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
tablo.
During the vote,
Mr. BARKSDALE stated that he had paired
off with Mr. Kilgore, but -had forgotten the fact
when he voted on the last question. He asked
leave to withdraw his vote.
Leave was granted.
Expenses op investigating committees.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, asked the unani-
mous consent of the House to report from the
Committee of Waysand Means ajomtrcsolution,
appropriating the sum of $48,000 for the payment
of the expenses of the several investigating com-
mittees of the House of Representatives during
the present session; the same to be added to the
miscellaneous item in the contingent fund of the
House.
Mr. COLFAX. This joint resolution might
be disposed of to-morrow. This is probably the
last day we shall have for public business for the
next two weeks.
Mr. RUFFIN. I object to ftny such resolution.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I trust there will
be no objection. Let the resolution be amended
and passed; for these expenses will have to be
paid.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Is it in order to
move for a committee of investigation on that res--
olution? If so, I will^nake such a motion.
There being objection, the resolution was not
introduced.
new york public stores.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a letter
from the Secretary of the Treasury, in answer to
the resolution of the House of March 26, calling
for information and a report in respect to a con-
tract for the perfoimalice of certain labor at the
public stores in the city of New York.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I move the refer-
ence of that communication to the, special com-
mittee to investigate this contract.
It was so referred.
public printing.
The SPEAKER stated the business first in
order to be the report of the Committee on Public
Expenditures, in reference to the public printing.
Mr. HASKIN. The gentleman from Ala-
bama [Mr. Ci.ofton] and the gentleman from
Arkansas, [Mr. Hindman,] my colleagues on the
Committee on Public Expenditures, have left the
city this morning for their homes, being called
there by indisposition ill their families. They
have prepared a minority report, which should
have been considered, if they had remained here,
in connection with the majority report. At their
request, and to accommodate them, I move to
postpone the consideration of this subject till
Wednesday, 25th of April, immediately after the
morning hour. That meets with the views of the
committee. The motion is made to accommodate
those gentlemen who have gone home.
The motion was agreed to.
french spoliation bill.
The SPEAKER stated the business next in
order to be the consideration ofthebill (H.R.No.
510) to provide for the ascertainment and satis-
faction of claims of American citizens for spolia-
tions committed by the French prior to the 31st
dav of July, 1801.
Mr. CORWIN. I learned this morning that
the report of the committee in this case had not
been printed till this morning. Itisavery lengthy
and elaborate report. I desire very much, before
any action be had on the bill, that every member
shall have an opportunity of reading that report,
as I tliink that will save a great deal of time that
would probably be occupicd in the discussion of
the question when it comes up. I have consulted
with the committee on the subject, and they have
very generally agreed that the bill shall be post-
poned till the 7th of May.
Mr. BURNETT. When this bill was post-
poned before, there was aquestion of order raised.
1 have no objection to the direction which the
gentleman proposes to give this matter, with the
understanding that it is not to prejudice the ques-
tion that has been raised—namely, that the bill
should be referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the stato of the Union.
Mr. CORWIN. Certainly, the question of
order goes along with it.
Mr. BURNETT. Well, if there is to be no
advantage taken of the postponement, I have no
objection.
Mr. CORWIN. I should be very willing to
have the question decide! now, but there arc a
number of gentlemen on all sides of the House
who desire very much to make speeches to-day
in Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. I know the pain it gives a man who de-
sires to make a speech to be deprived of the oppor-
tunity of doing so, and I am unwilling to inflict
that pain.
Mr. BRANCH. As I raised the point of order
when this bill was reported from the Committee
oil Foreign Affairs a week or ten days ago, I de-
sire to say now that I have no objection to the
bill taking the course indicated by the gentleman
from Ohio, and being postponed to some day
which shall suit the convenience of the House. I
presume the 7th of May will be convenient. What
day of the week is it?
Mr. CORWIN. It is the first Monday in May.
Mr. BRANCH. I would prefer, for reasons
personal to myself, that a day of the week should
oe fixed upon later than Monday, as I desire to
be here when the bill conies up. Will thft gen-
tleman say Wednesday, the 9th of May?
Mr. CORWIN. I will agree to that.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would suggest, that on
Wednesday, the 9th of May? several gentlemen
expect to be absent, in Baltimore, and though
they may do no more than'vote, still they have
several votes which gentlemen on one side or the
other may want.
Mr. BRANCH., How long does the gentle-
man think the Baltimore convention will sit?
Mr. HARRIS,ofMaryland. Aboutlongenough
to make a President. [Laughter.]
Mr. BRANCH. I suggest, then, to the gentle-
man from Ohio, that he postpone the bill until
after all the conventions.
Mr. CORWIN. There arc so many conven-
tions that I have found it quite impossible to do
any business if I attemptto suit them all. I have
accommodated the Democratic convention. I
should be very glad to accommodate the Chicago
convention, as well as the Union convention;but
the Democratic convention being considered the
most important, I thought that if we passed that,
the others could take care of themselves. Let the
bill be postponed until Wednesday, the 9th of
May.
Mr. BRANCH. I concur in that entirely.
Mr. CORWIN. I am very sure that the gen-
tleman from Baltimore and his friends will all be
back before that day.
The motion to postpone the further considera-
tion of the bill until Wednesday, May 9, was
agreed to.
telegraph to the pacific.
The House then proceeded, as the next business
in order, to the consideration of an act (S. Wo. 84)
to facilitate communication between the Atlantic
and Pacific States by electric telegraph, reported
from the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads with amendments. „
Mr. COLFAX. Mr. Speaker, I suppose that
I shall save the time of the House which would
be consumed in the reading of the bill by pre-
senting, very briefly, the main features of the bill
as it passed the Senate, and the amendments unan-
imously agreed upon by the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads of this House.
The bill which passed the Senate by a very
large majority, granted to nine persons named
therein—the presidents of various telegraphic com-
panies in the United States—the privilege of con-
tracting with the United States for the construc-
tion of a line or lines of telegraph, to be built by
them, from some point west of the Mississippi
river to San Francisco, with a Government sub-
sidy for ten years of $50,000 per annum. The
bill, as passed by the Senate, also provided that
they should be privileged to charge private citi-
zens four dollars for a message of ten words over
the line. It also gives them the right of Way over
the unoccupied public lands of the United States
for ten years, w4h the occupancy of a quarter sec-
tion of land for stations every fifteen miles. It
also provides for a branch line to Oregon, and
gives the use of the line, free of charge, to the
Coast Survey, to the Smithsonian Institute, and to
the National Observatory, for scientificopurposcs.
These are the main features of the bill as it passed
the Senate. When it came to the House, it was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads. They decided to reduce the Govern-
ment subsidy, to reduce the charge to private in-
dividuals Jor messages, and also to adopt some
salutary restrictions which they thought the Sen-
ate had omitted. They propose to reduce the
Government subsidy from $50,000 to $40,000 per
annum. The company are to carry messages for
the Government on public business of the Gov-
ernment, up to that amount, free of charge, as they
are to receive, under their contract, $40,000 a year.
If, in case of war, the Government requires more
than that amount of service, an amendment pro-
posed by the committee provides that the Secre-
tary of the Treasury shall certify such excess to
Congress, and, of course, that amount, if not un-
reasonable, will be paid by Congress.
The committee also propose to reduce the charge
for private messages. Although that proposed in
the Senate bill is no larger than the price usually
paid for messages in every other portion of the
globe, yet as this would be a Government enter-
prise, built in a large degree by Government aid,
the committee decided that this company should
reduce the price of messages to private individ-
uals to the lowest living rate; alia we have there-
fore limited the amount to be charged for a mes-
sage of ten words to three dollars. I need scarcely
say,to gentlemen who are familiar with telegraphic
operations, that this is a lower rate than is paid
for telegraphing the same distance in any other
part of the world.
The committee have also adopted this amend-
ment, to the second section of the bill: that" should
any of said quarter sections be deemed essential
by the Government, or any company acting under
its authority, for railroad purposes, the said con-
tractors shall relinquish its occupancy, receiving
an equal amount of land in its stead."
The object of that amendment is this: that if
stations should be located by the company in
mountain parses, and they should be found es-
sentially necessary for the location of a railroad,
the Government may require them to surrender
those lands and occupy other lands instead. We
may, however, ask the House to modify this, and
only require them to surrender so much of the
station quarter section as may be necessary for
railroad purposes.
The committee also propose the following
amendment as a proviso:
Provided, further, That messages received from any in-
dividual, company, or corporation, or fiom any telegraph
iincs connecting with this line at either of its termini, shall
be impaitiaiiy tiansmitted in the order of their reception,
excepting that the dispatches of the Government shall have
priority.
That proviso compels them to receive mes-
sages from connecting lines, which may be com-
peting lines, and to transmit them impartially in
the order in which they are received.
The committee also propose the following
amendment, as an additisnalsection:
Jlnd be it further cnacied, That if the persons herein
