THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 1860.
New Series No. 43.
idem is the head for tlic time being; that he has
but announced in this message in language spe-
cific and applicable to the particular case, the po-
sition which we haveheldforso manyyears; and
that if these principles arc involved in any debate
which renders it necessary to defend them, I may
then, or others who can hotter perform it, may
enter into the defense of these principles. For
the present it is only needful to show that the
President directs his objections to a particular act,
both constitutional and special, and founds them
upon the facts of the case, which I deem wholly
to justify them.
Mr, HAMLIN. Mr. President, I think I
understood the Senator from Mississippi to say,
with regard to the imposition of tonnage duties,
that they must be imposed upon vessels coming
from a foreign port, and not on those coming from
one port of the United States to another.
Mr. DAYIS. That is rather my impression.
Mr. HAMLIN. I so understood the Senator,
and concur with him in opinion.
Mr. DAYIS. The Senator from Maine will
recollect that we had that discussion here once
before, and my position did not receive a great
deal of favor. I always thought that there were
other points in the Constitution covering it.
Mr. HAMLIN. I recollect the discussion,
and was very glad to learn the Senator's opinion
to-day, because I had been told that oil a review
of the question, he had deemed his former opinion
erroneous. I am very glad to learn that he still
maintains his original opinion on this point, which
I am inclined to think is right.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator heard me say m
the Senate that upon a review of the subject, be-
cause of a discussion here, I found a point taken,
I think, by a Senator from Georgia, that to allow
goods from a foreign port to pass from a port of
one State to he entered in a port of another with-
out paying duty, was a fair construction of one
clause of the Constitution which has been quoted
on this subject. I did not change my opinion on
the other point.
Mr. HAMLIN. I agree with the Senator in that.
Mr. CLA"^. 1 only wish to say on this sub-
ject that I differ entirely with the two Senators
who have just expressed their opinions. I do not
think the Constitution contemplated there should
be any discrimination whatever between tonnage
from a foreign port and from a domestic port; and
as I have prepared a bill, with the consent of the
Committee oil Commerce, giving the assent of
Congress to the levying of tonnage duties by the
State of Alabama upon the tonnage entering the
port of Mobile, whether it be from any foreign
port or any domestic port, I think proper to .say
that I prepared that bill after a due examination
of the question, and that I am satisfied, whenever
the Senate comes to consider it, and examine the
history of that clause of the Constitution as ex-
hibited in the debates of the convention, and the
subsequent action of Congress for a period of forty
years, they will see very clearly, as I belie\e, that
there is no such discrimination. For thirty or
forty years after the Government wentinto opera-
tion, such bills were common; and I shall be pre-
pared, when the occasion arises, to show that
many of them were enacted by the States, with
the consent of Congress, levying duties on ton-
nage engaged in the coasting trade just as upon
vessels from foreign Powers.
Mr. DAYIS. My friend from Alabama noti-
fied mc of the introduction of his bill, and it was
understood between us that we were to have a
conversation. If I had had the benefit of that
conversation, perhaps I should this morning have
announced to the Senator from Maine a change of
opinion. Whenever he can convince me that I
am wrong, 1 shall change my opinion on the
question. I have not changed it yet, though I am
open to conviction, and I must sav I am ready to "
be convinced; because 1 see the difficulties of my
own position, and I see how they may be removed
if his is right.
Mr. CLAY. It is due to the Senator and my-
self to say, that I did not advise the Sonatorfrom
" 43
Maine that he had changed his opinion, although
I believe it was a subject of inquiry.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, I think
it would be extremely inexpedient, without re-
ferring at all to the question of power, to allow
the States to impose such duties as are alluded
to—duties on commerce between the States, or
duties on commerce between this country and
foreign countries. It must inevitably lead to
abuses; it can hardly fail to do so; and it seems
to me it is a much more dangerous power to- be
exercised by the States than that of this General
Government appropriating money to make these
improvements.
I regret very much that the Presidenthas thought
proper to persistin thwarting the will of the legis-
lative department of the Government by his veto
of this bill. I believe it has passed Congress three
times within my recollection, and on one occasion
within my recollection the executive veto was
overruled by a two-thirds majority m this body
and the other House. Yet, notwithstandingall this
high authority, three Congresses, both branches
concurring, having affirmed their power to pass
this appropriation, having affirmed the expedi-
ency and necessity of passing it, three several
Presidents have persisted in defeating the will of
Congress; and thus it has happened that the will
of the legislative department of the Government,
the will of the Congress of the United States, has
been overruled by the executive department in a
question as to the construction of the power of
Congress. The Executive has prevailed upon a
question of construction, and has thought itself
authorized upon three several occasions to veto
acts passed by Congress for the accomplishment
of this improvement.
I do think, sir, it is a great abuse; it is an abuse
of the exercise of the veto power. Wemusthave
some way of settling this question; it is not to be
endured forever that Presidents from year to year
are to veto through all time to come the opinions
of the people of the United States, as expressed
by their representatives, on a question of the
construction of their Constitution. Wemusthu\c
some end of such controversies, some end to such
difficulties; and it seems to me it would bo but a
very moderate exercise of discretion and of pru-
dence, of pioper prudence upon the part of the
President, to yield his individual opinion to the
will of the nation on a question of this sort.
I cannot but think that the President has not
given sufficient importance and sufficient consid-
eration to the decisions of Congress on the sub-
ject, or he might well say: " My individual opin-
ion is yielded to thegeneial opn.ionof the country;
I bow to the authority of three successive Con-
gresses." Such an obstinate persistence in opposi-
tion to the legislative will and legislative power, T
do no' think is warranted. I regret"that the Presi-
denthas thought it proper to take the course which
he has pursued. I shall myself now instantly, on
the first occasion when the opportunity is offered
to me, assert this power. I will never abandon
this power of Congress which has been asserted
by three Congresses in my time, and perhaps
oftener, but I certainly recollect three times. It
is not to be expected that the nation is to surren-
der this great and important power at the man-
date of a President, or of three Presidents. 1 will
not do it; and it shall be with me an additional
reason for voting for this bill, that thereby I may
show my constant and perpetual and everlasting
resistance to the exercise of an authority as arbi-
trary as I conceive this to be under all the circum-
stances. The first time the oppoitumty is offered
to me, I will vote for the icenactment of the bill I
which the President has vetoed, and I will see if |
the Executive is in all time to come to control \
Congress in the exercise of its proper legislative .
power. 1 will sec which is the authority of the
most weight. One must ultimately yield. Is it j
better that the Congress of the United States shall
yield its power to the successive vetoes of Presi-
dents of the United States? If it is becoming m
one or the other to yield, that one, in my opinion,
should be the President.
Mr. TOOMBS. Mr. President, I very much
regret to hear the extraordinary position taken
by my friend from Kentucky, and I altogether
approve the veto of the President of the united
States, and his reasons for it. I must have some
other authority than the fact that three Congresses,
or four, or five Congresses, by majorities in the
Senate and House of Representatives, have un-
dertaken to assert that this power exists. . Sir,
the Constitution has better securities than the hon-
orable Senator from Kentucky chooses to give it.
It protects itself by appointing the President of
the United States its expositor, as much as the
legislative department. Wo ye now sitting in
the Thirty-Sixth Congress. For thirty-four years
of the existence of this Government, no act was
passed coming within the principles laid down
m this bill. The cotemporaneous exposition is
clearly and distinctly against this power. It has
been asserted in bad times, in my judgment, and
it is a total departure, not only from the plain
reading of the Constitution, but from the exposi-
tion of those who understood it best. This policy
is nothing more nor less than an endeavor to take
money out of the public Treasury for the benefit
of particular localities. Wo have the testimony
of Mr. Madison, we have the testimony of Mr.
Jefferson, we have the testimony of the early
fathers in all the departments of the Government.
We have the fact that bills like this have been de-
feated, over and over.again. It is true that great
and powerful local interests have been able at
times, combined with party interests, to override
as clear a want of power as exists in any case
where authority has been withheld from this Gov-
ernment, in my judgment.
If the President of the United States holds this
opinion, he dare not follow the advice offered him
by my friend from Kentucky, because in his
judgment, as he says in this veto message, there
was a want of authority in the Constitution of the
United States. That being the case, he would
stand false to tjaat instrument if he did not placc
his objections to the bill, as lie is commanded to
do -by the Constitution which he has sworn to
support, although there were a hundred Con-
gresses for it. A man of honest convictions, oc-
cupying his place, is not to surrender them to the
legislative or any other department of the Gov-
ernment, when he is called upon to perform his
official duty. When a bill passes Congress, by
the Constitution itself, " if he [the President] ap-
prove, he shall sign it; if not, he shall return it,
with his objections." That is just what he has
done. Then the Congress of the United States
has the right, by a vote of two, thirds of each
House, to pass the bill.
I deny what seems to he asserted by the Sena-
tor from Kentucky, that the Constitution has ever
been referred to the popular will. It is a subver-
sion of the Government to putit there; and I trust
in God the rights of the people of the United States
will never rest on so frail a tenure as that of the
popular will. Sir, we know nothing, especially
m this body, of the popular will in the exposition
of the Constitution. The State of Rhode Island,
or the State of Delaware, stands equal on this
floor to the State of New York, although the latter
has more than three million inhabitants, while the
two small States which I have named have, the
one, about one hundred thousand, and the other
less than two hundred thousand people. Num-
bers do not carry a measure here. A bill may-
pass this branch against the wishes of three fourths
of the people of the United States. This is an or-
ganization of Government which has been devised
by our fathers in order to secure public liberty,
secure the fundamental law, secure minorities
against majorities. «
Upon this very question with reference to ton-
nage duties. I say the doctrine now asserted is a
new doctrine;.a doctrine started by doubters of
very late years. The Constitution of the United
States is explicit in reference to the laying of ton-
nage duties. Gentlemen wish to get rid of the
authority, because they do not want their com-
nmrce to pay for its own facilities; they desire to
