1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
named, or a majority of them, fail to file their acccptanc'e
with the Secretary of the Treasury within thirty days after
the passage and approval of this act, the said Secretary is
hereby directed to advertise for seaied proposals, to be re-
ceived for thirty days thereafter, (and the fultillment of
which shall be guarantied by responsible parties, as in the
case of bids for mail contracts,) to build the line or lines
herein authorized, with the franchises hereby protfere^
and under the limitations and conditions herein stated ; and
shall award the same to the lowest responsible bidder or
bidders: Provided, Such proffer docs not require a larger
amount per year from the Government than the amount
herein stated.
This opens it to competition, if'they should de-
cline to accept the reduced subsidy and the other
restrictions and conditions we have proposed.
' So much for the details of the bill, as passed by
the Senate, and as proposed to be amended by the
Post Office Committee of this House.
A few words now in regard to the utility of the
establishment of a telegraphic communication be-
tween the Atlantic and Pacific States; and that
argument is hardly needed, for every gentleman
present knows that it is an essential necessity.
Certainly, incase of a war, we should have a com-
munication with the Pacific of the speediest pos-
sible character; for should we become embroiled
in war with a foreign nation, and especially with
a potential nation, like England or France, it is
of the utmost importance that such a means of
communication should be established, for upon
that Pacific region would the heaviest blow fall;
because there is a long line of exposed coast, and
our cities and ports upon that coast are without
fortifications, and comparatively wiLhout defense.
I say, therefore, that it is a matter of vital im-
portance, in case of war, that we should have the
speediest possible means of communication with
that coast. Why, sir, every gentleman is familiar
with the recent San Juan difficulty, which at one
time threatened to embroil this Government with
that of England, and so important was it regarded
by the President, that he deemed it essential to
dispatch thither the lieutenant general, the com-
mander of the Army of the United States, to the
post of danger and difficulty; and it was the delay
in communicating with that distant region which
more than all things else threatened an actual col-
lision. Well, sir, if that difficulty had ripened
into actual hostilities, the existence of such a
means of communication as is contemplated by
thig bill would have been of priceless value to us—
a thousand times more than the amount which it
is proposed to expend by this bill.
During the recent troubles in Utah, if a tele-
graphic communication had been established as
far as the Salt Lake valley, it would haye more
than remunerated us for the amount which this
bill pledges the Government to pay. And more
recently the establishment of this telegraphic com-
munication to Utah, at a cost to the Government
of the amount which this bill contemplates, would
have been an economical expenditure upon our part
in the hostilities which have existed on the fron-
tiers of Texas, by enabling the Government to
have sent reinforcements from the forces stationed
in Utah with more rapidity than they have been
fib]® to do, .
But, sir, it is unnecessary for mo to detain this
House with arguments showing the utility of a
telegraphic communication to the Pacific, and I
come now to speak of former propositions which
have been made to Congress on the subject. This
matter was before the last Congress, and I regret
that it did not, in some shape or other, receive
the favorable consideration of that Congress.
They were too much engrossed with Lecompton
and the other matters pending before them to give
this matter their attention or regard. A bill was,
however, proposed to the Senate on the 24th day
of May, 1858, and I now desire to read from that
bill to show how much more economical this bill
is to the Government than the one then proposed.
The following is the bill then before the House:
"A bill to facilitate communication between the Atlantic
and Pacific States by electric telegraph.
"Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
for the puipose of connecting, by telegraph, the Mississippi
river with the State of California, the Postmaster General
be, and lie is hereby, authorized and directed to contract,
for the term of ten years from the completion of the said
telegraphic connection.with Henrj^O'Itielly, John J. Speed,
jr.. and Taliaferro P. Shartner, their associates and assigns,
to transmit by the said telegiaph all messages sent by the
United States Government, for the sum of §70,000per an-
num : Provided, however, That if the said business exceed
the sum above mentioned at the rate of charges for private
business, the said contractors are to be paid for the excess
transmitted at the rates aforesaid; and the Postmaster Gen-
eral shall settle and pay monthly the accounts of the said
contractors; and the said contractors shall have the right to
selcct the route or routes for the said telegraph from the Mis-
sissippi river to California, so as to connect, by branch lines,
Rock Island, Illinois; St Louis,Missouri; Memphis,Ten-
nessee ; and Vicksburg, Mississippi, with San Francisco,
California; and the same contractors shall have the right
of way for one hundred feet in width, and the right of pre-
emption to three hundred and twenty acres of land for each
telegraph stockade station, not to be nearer to each other,
on an average, than ten miles; and for connecting, by tel-
egraph, the capitals of Oregon, Washington, Utah, New
Mexico, or with any of the Territories of the United States
liereatter to be organized, the said contractors may consruct
branch line-or lines to each or ali of them, and all the rights
and immunities granted to each or ali of them ; and all the
rights and privileges reserved to theGovernment by thisaet,
respectively, shall be applicable to such branch line or lines,
except that the Government is only to pay for such business
as it may transmit over any of said branch lines.
" Sec. 2. Jind be it farther enacted, That the Government
business, when required, shall have precedence over all
other business on said telegraph; and in time of war, the
Piesident of the United States may exercise such super-
vision over all messages sent ovei said telegraph line as, in
hi£ opinion, the public interest may require.
" Sec. 3. Jind be it further enacted, That the President of
the United States is hereby authorized to loan the said con-
tractors arms belonging to the United States to equip the
men at the telegraph stockade stations, taking bond, with
secuuty, for their return; and if, at any time during the
construction of said telegraph, the Government shall estab-
lish pari passu with the const!uetion of said iine stockades
for the piotection aud maintenance of said telegraph against
the depredations of the Indians or others, then, in that case,
the said contractors shall send the Government business on
the said telegraph free ot charge, not to exceed, Inftvever,
the sum of $71,000 per annum."
Thus, sir, that bill proposoda subsidy of §70,000
per annum, for ten years, while this bill, as pro-
posed to be amended by tfee PostOffice Committee,
fixes $40,000 per annum instead.* That bill pro-
posed a preemption of three hundred and twenty
acres every ten miles on the route. That bill only
proposes to grant the right of occupancy as stations
of one hundred and sixty acrcs every fifteen miles.
The present bill, as passed by the Senate, fixed
tlid rate of charges for private citizens at four dollars
pertenwords. ThePostOfficeCommittcethought
that rate too high, and when the aid of the Gov-
ernment was sought to establish the line of com-
munication to the Pacific, they, felt that it was
their right and duty to protect the citizens of the
country from the possibility of exorbitant charges
for sending messages over that line; and therefore
reduced the limit from four dollars to three dollars
for every ten words, which they considered a rea-
sonable charge.
This bill grants not more than one quarter or
one third the amount of land which was proposed
by the bill of the last Congress. And again, that
bill granted the right of way one hundred feet in
width, for the whole distance. This bill simply
grants the right of way necessary for the wires
and the poles over the unoccupied public kinds.
I state these facts merely to show that this bill
is far more reasonable in its provisions than the
bill of the last Congress. X believe this bill, if
passed, will not cost theGovernmentof the United
States a single cent. I believe the messages it
will be necessary for the Government to send
between the Atlantic and the Pacific coasts, with
those intended for Indian superintendents, Army
officers, &c., in the intervening region, will,at the
rate of charges fixed, amount to the sum for which
we propose to pledge the Government. Certainly,
in time of war it will far exceed that sum.
This bill also provides the right of the Govern-
ment to connect this wire with the various encamp-
ments of the Army and fortifications, wherever
they may be; and if carried out, will enable the
President of the United States to communicate
almost instantly with the various encampments of
soldiers,wherever they may be upon the frontier,
in regard to any of the Indian difficulties or trou-
bles that may occur.
Now, Mr. Speaker, with these explanations,!
will yield the floor to any other gentleman who
may desire it.
Mr. STOUT. I do not desire to detain the
House, or occupy its attention for any consider-
able length of time in what I may say on this
occasion.
I regret very much that the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads found it necessary or
advisable to reduce the amount contemplated in
the Senate bill to aid in the construction of this
line; for I fear it will tend to delay the undertak-
ing. I believe the Senate bill was just and proper
in sill its provisions, so far as Government aid is
concerned. I believe it provided for as small ;ui
amount of money-as .would be indispensable! to
aid in the construction of this line- . The com-
mittee, however, differed from me in relation to
the matter; and I am not here to attempt to make
an argument in defense of the Senate bill, or against
the amendment made by the House committee.,
1 will leave that to a committee of conferen.cebe-
tween the two Houses hereafter, if the Senate fail
to accept the amendment proposed by the com^
mittee of this House. I do say, however, (lutt
the project which it is the object of .this bill to
aid, is one of the utmost importance to the peo-
ple on the Pacific coast. X do not expect that
perhaps, for the present, or within a few years,
the Federal Government will realize a return of
the moneys that they may be called on to appro-
priate under the provisions of this bill; but 1 do
say that the passage of it will ultimately tend
greatly to the benefit and advantage of the whole
country. It will open a communication across the
country which has not yet been done. It will be
the pioneer of the Pacific railroad. If a telegraph
line is built, it will require stations to be estab-
lished every fifteen or twenty miles along the
whole route; and you will find at each of these
stations small settlements, and farmers raising
produce for themselves and the emigrants who
may require it. Sir, I look upon this as a. step,
towards the establishment of a great thorough-
fare between the Atlantic and Pacific coasts. In
this way, if in no other, will a line of settlements
immediately spring up through the great interior
country between the two groat oceans.
Mr. Speaker, the emigration to the Pacific which
is of most importance, as a general thing, to our
agricultural interests, is that composed of those
who take their families across the plains, and go
there among us with no intention of returning.
We especially desire this character of emigration;
and while I would not ask Congress to legislate
especially for our benefit in this respect,-! do ask
that, while Congress is expending money to carry
on the Government, either in transmitting intelli-
gence or otherwise, the expenditure should be so
made as to result most advantageously to the peo-
ple. Establish this telegraph, and you will have
taken one step, at least, towards strengthening
the bonds of the American Union.
I trust, therefore, the House will not deny to
this company the limited aid which the Post
Office Committee have reported in favor of. As X
said in the first place, I regret sincerely that that
committee has found it necessary and proper, in
their judgment, to cut down the amount which it
is proposed by the Senate bill to appropriate.
Mr. HELMICK. I offer the following amend-
ment:
In the eighth line, after "James S. Graham," insert
".Luther It. Smootand George Chorpenning."-
Mr. COLFAX. I desire, with the consent of
my colleague on the Committee on the PostOffice
and Post Roads, and in order not to complicate
this matter, to move the bill, as amended by that
committee, as a substitute for the Senate bill. It
ofiens up both the Senate bill and the proposed
substitute for amendment.
Mr. HELMICK. I wish to state to the House
in explanation of the amendment I have submit-
ted, that the gentlemen named are the contractors
for carrying the overland mail, and that, in a con-
versation with one of the incorporators named in
the bill, he informed me he would have no objec-
tion to have those names added. In building this
line of telegraph the company will bo compelled
to use the stations of the mail company.
Mr. PHELPS. Are the gentlemen named, in
any way connected with the telegraphic lines of
the country?
Mr. HELMICIC. I do not think they are.
Mr. PHELPS. I think that then a good reason
why they should not be included among the in-
corporators.
Mr. BURNETT. Mr. Speaker, the first ob-
jection I have to this bill is one, perhaps, that will
'have but little weight with a good many gentle-
men upon this floor. I deny that we have the con-
stitutional power to engage this Government in
the building of telegraphic lines. If there is such
a power, I do not know from what clause of the
Constitution it is derived. Gentlemen may tell me
that this power lias been exercised by Congress
heretofore. That may be true. I admit that it is
true. Yet, sir, that does not meet my objection to
