1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2687
necessary for me to preserve at least the dignity
of my State from having everything lugged on its
back, 1 beg the Senator will consider that I am
standing up for it everywhere, oti all occasions,
as I always will do, and always have done, every
time it occurred. The case did not come up from
Arkansas, as I understand it. I am a member of
the committee, and I am sorry that the Senator
brings it in. My colleague referred that case to
the committee; but this came up independently.
I did not urge the case that came from my State,
and I submit it to the judgment of the Senator
from Mississippi, for I have very great confidence
in it.
Mr. DAVIS. My friend from Arkansas will
see how very needless and how very improper his
interruption was. A memorial was presented here
and referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
That memorial was sent to the War Office, and it
was reported upon to indicate a great deal of merit.
It was from a gentleman in Arkansas. I do not
know why that is called lugging Arkansas in. It
was the good fortune of Arkansas to have a citi-
zen able to inventsuch a thing. It isnodepreci-
ation of Arkansas to have a citizen able to present
a new system of communication by secret signs
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. It was not rec-
ognized, though. There was no report from the
committee on it.
Mr. DAVIS. Then I leave Arkansas out. I
will say, if that will allow me to go on, that a man
of an unknown region presented a memorial,
which memorial was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, which memorial was referred to
the War Department, and on which we had a re-
port; and in the consideration of that came the
question also of the signals discovered by this
Dr. Myer; and in the consideration of this whole
subject, the Secretary of War, finally, upon an
application made by a surgeon of the' Army, an-
swered to the committee that he thought it would
be better not to attach this officer to any particu-
lar corps, (which was the idea of the committee,)
but that he should have the rank of a captain,
without promotion It was not designed forany
particular individual; and in the consideration
which I gave it—I may be permitted to speak for
myself, I hope—I thought itabsolute absurd-
ity to create an officer with duties which were to
ramify over the whole Army, and not connect
him with anybody else, not make him a part of
the corps which is the organ for the communica-
tion of orders, the Adjutant Geueial's, not a part
of the engineer corps, which goes with armies to
make reconnoissances. It cL-gencratcd, in my
view, into nothing better or worse than a mere
job to give, an office to somebody, and that is the
only view which I have been able to take of it.
Nor is it a small reward to create an officer in-
dependent of control by anybody else, and give
him field grade in the Army. It is a higher re-
ward than has been bestowed for the most bril-
liant services performed upon the field. Far better
that you should give to the officer $50,000—yes,
§100,000, than to form this nucleus for the creation
of a new corps, and they to be selected by the
President without any restraint, forhim to go foot-
loose over the whole country, and find his favor-
ites wherever they may be, and gather them into
this favorite bureau, where they have no duties to
perform—absolutely none. If an officer is required
to perform such service, the Senator from Oregon
has told you you must call on somebody who
belongs to a regiment. He has indicated the ad-
jutants of the regiment. Here, then, a man is to
be set down in Washington, at the head of anew-
made buieau, and the adjutants are to perform all
the service in the field. I cannot imagine any-
thing so utterly absurd in itself, and so utterly
violative of every military principle.
If it be a secret, such as my colleague describes,
incomprehensible to a man of good sense, it is of
no value; but, sir, I esteem it no secret, no mys-
tery. It is easily solved. Lieutenant Alexander
appeared to me to be entirely master of it. It was
one of the high boasts which was made in relation
to it, that all the signals which would be required
for communication between armies operating
' withinsightof each other, could be communicated
in an hour to an intelligent officer.
I think that the Senate surely, if they will
look at this matter as a matter of public con-
sideration; if they will divest themselves of the
idea, which seems to exist in the minds of some
persons, that a particular individual is to have it,
and will approach it as a subject connected with
military organization and the public good, they
cannot allow this innovation upon the usages of
the Government from its foundation. I should
be opposed to creating any officer at all unless he
was attached to some corps. If you want to add
a captain to the corps of adjutants general who
has special knowledge of any particular branch
of the service belonging to the communication of
orders, very well. If you want to add to the en-
gineer or the ordnance corps a particular officer,
having special knowledge, do that. Why not
make Captain Rodman a major of big guns ? fa0
this biggun that stands on the avenue has merit of
an extraordinary character in it. Why not make
him a major for the castingofhollowguns—a thing
of far more merit than the mere invention of sig-
nals, l-equiringamuchhigherorderof science, and
likely to confer a much more lasting benefit on the
Array? Why is it thatall other service of a similar
kind, performed by officers in their appropriate
duty, developing what belongs to their particular
branch of their profession, bringing out something
which was not known before, and contributing to
the efficiency of the Army, find its only reward in
the reputation which they acquire; and that this
one, by a system of boring, is to be excepted from
the general rule, and, with eye directed to a par-
ticular individual, an office is to be created for his
particular benefit? If this great outrage is perpe-
trated on all military usage and propriety, I trust
the President will disappoint those who thus effect
it, by appointing somebody else—anybody else.
I will not refer to the Arkansas man. My friend
will not allow me.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I think that the
Senator from Mississippi certainly suffered him-
self, on account of my interruption, in which I
gave no offense, to go into a vein 
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator from Arkansas will
allow me to say that it is true that, ruffled by in-
terruption, and anxious to go on, and not know-
ing what the reference to Arkansas had to do with
the point I was making, I may have answered in
the way he describes; but certainly without any
purpose to be insulting or discourteous.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Then, I have
nothing more to say on that point; and now I will
state the reason why I did not like the connection,
and I supposed that, if the Senator would let me
suggest, he would at once appreciate it. Like the
Senator from Mississippi, I am always ready to
coriect anything in my manner which may be
exceptionable. In regard to this matter, I have
carea but a very little about it; though I know
there is a great deal of ?eeling in reference to it
outside of this body, and I do not know how much
of that feeling has been brought into this body.
The Senator from Mississippi, the chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs, we all know,
has pursued his course consistently, without ref-
erence to whether it was gratifying or whether it
was painful to other parties. I have paid espe-
cial deference to his opinion on military matters,
wherever he has expressed it; and it has been
rarely indeed that I have ever differed with him
on such questions. When this subject was before
the Committee on Military Affairs, he will pardon
me if I call his attention to the fact, that I did not
hear him speak in the language he has now used
with regard to it. If I had had the benefit of that,
I should, pchaps, have thought differently from
what 1 did think. If I recollect correctly, the
committee felt disposed to agree to this proposi-
tion, and authorized its report.
Mr. DAVIS. Oh, no, sir.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Then I would
ask what support the Senator from Oregon had
in bringing it forward '
Mr. DAVIS. I will state to the Senator from
Arkansas that the Committee on Military Affairs,
and myself, as much as any other member of it,
did value this system of signals, and did think it
desirable to have it introduced into the Army. I
desire now to introduce the method. I was will-
ing to provide for the introduction of this system
of signals into the adjutant general's corps, or
into the engineer corps, but never to provide for
the creation of a new bureau, with an officer at
the head of it with the rank of major.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. 'I am very cer-
tain that there was a judgment given in committee
in behalf of this improvement over that which
came from citizens of my State—a State that I
may now say here, in the annals of the execution i
of the laws of the United States for the benefit of
the western States, has been the most' rigidly and
uniformly honest that I know of, and that in con-
nection with what has been made a geneAl re-
proach to the new States—the public land system.
Mr. GREEN. Will the Senator from Arkan-
sas allow me 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Npt junless the
Senator has something special to say in this con-
nection.
Mr. GREEN. It is very special.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Very well.
Mr. GREEN. It is special if the Senator will
allow it, not otherwise. It is, that we adjourn.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Well, sir, I
think it is hardly kind in the Senator from Mis-
souri 
Mr. GREEN. I would not ask it without the
Senator's consent.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I do not do
these things to the Senator or others. I think it
is not kind of the Senator from Missouri, and I
can scarcely appreciate it. I do not like this kind
of interruptions. They are not respectful.  
Mr. GREEN. It was respectful, I beg the.
Senator to understand.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. It may be good-
humored; but there may be a tone of disrespectin
the good humor with which you intrude on a
man. The Senator from Missouri is certainly
one of the most sensitive men to be found in this
body about that very thing. I have seen it over
and over again, and I have never intruded on him
or suffered myself to interrupt him at all in any
such way.
Mr. DAVIS. My friend from Arkansas will
allow me. I shall merely correct what I now
perceive and I did not before comprehend, that he
considered there was a reflection upon Arkansas,
because of the character of the invention sent here
from that State. I did not mean that; and that I
did not mean it, is most apparent from the fact
that I do not now feel it. It was a different sys-
tem of communication; itwas asystem of cipher,
instead of signals. It had high merit. It was so
recognized at the Adjutant General's office. I
meant no reflection either on the individual citizen
of Arkansas or the State.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I did not so
understand the Senator
Mr. DAVIS. Any such inference would be
very unjust, because the thing had merit m it,
and the individual displayed talent.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I think so; and
I presume that the humblest man from that State,
if he will present an honest record and a sound
and unstained escutcheon, will be regarded as
good as a man who comes from any other State.
I am tired of flings at my State, and I have never
submitted to them with patience. In this case I
recognize that the Senator from Mississippi did
not intend anything of the kind, and I am glad to
recognize it.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President 
Mr GREEN. If the Senator from Massachu-
setts will yield the floor, I will move to adjourn
now.
Several Senators. Let us vote.
Mr. GREEN. We cannot vote; because I
know several Senators want to make remarks on
this question.
Mr. WILSON. If it is the wish of the Senate
to take the vote to-night, certainly I am ready to
stay here and do so. If they wish to adjourn, I
am ready to adjourn; but, if we are to stay, I
want to say a word or two in regard to this matter.
Mr. GREEN. There are several others who
wish to say something; and therefore I move
that the Senate adjourn.
The motion'Svas agreed to; there being, on a
division—ayes 22, noes 17.
And the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, June 5, 1860.
The House met at eleven oMock, a.m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockto.y.
CALL OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. PHELPS. There is no quorum present,
and I move a call of the House.
Mr. ELIOT. I understand there is a very long
Journal of yesterday, some twenty-five pages, to
be read; and I" suggest that it be read, and if there
be no quorum, a call of the House can then be had.
