2638
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 5,
Mr. PHELPS. The Journal is read for the
purpose of being corrected, if any error has oc-
curred-
Mr. ELIOT. I know that is the theory.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I ask the gentle-
man from Missouri if he expects *any gentleman
here who will closely scrutinize the Journal ?
Mr. PHELPS. There is no quorum here, and
I insist upon my motion.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Thisis committee-
meeting morning, and I have no doubt members
will be here, in a few moments.
The motion of Mr. Phelps was agreed to.
The roll of the House was then called, when
the following members failedHo answer to their
names:
Messrs. Charles P. Adams, Green Adams, Aldrich, Al-
len,1 Alley,-Thomas L. Anderson, Babbitt, Beale, Blair,
Bocock, Branch, Brigg«, Brown. Burnett, Burroughs,
Campbell, Case, Horace F. Claik, Clemens, Clark B. Coch-
rane, Colfax, Conkling, Covode, Cox, James Craig, Craw-
ford, H- Winter Davis, Reuben Davis, De Jarnette, Delano,
Diumiiek, Edmundson, Edwards, English, Farnswortli,
Ferry, Florence, Frank, French, Garnett, Gooch, Grow,
Gurley, Hall, J. Morrison Harris, Iiaskin, Ilatton, Hawk-
ins, Hill, William Howard, Hutcluns, Jenkins, Keitt, Kil-
-gore, Kunkel, Lamar, Larrabee, Love, Mallory, Marston,
Charles D. Martin, Elbert S. Martin, McClemand, Mc-
Queen, McRae, Miles, Millson, Miliward, Montgomery,
Laban T. Moore, Sydenham Moore, Isaac N. Morris,Nixon,
Olin, Palmer, Pendleton, Pettit, Potter, Pryor, Pugh,
Quarles, Itufiin, Scianton, Sedgwick, Sickles, Singleton,
Somes, Spinner, Stallworth. James A. Stewart, Under-
wood, Vallandigham, Van Wyclc, Cadvvalader C. Wash-
burn, Israel Washburn, Wilson, Woodson, and Wright.
During the call,
Mr. DUELL stated that Messrs. Ferry and
Briggs were absent in attendance upon the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Chums.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia, stated that Mr.
Jenkins left the Hall yesterday on account of
sickness, and that he presumed lie was sick this
morning.
A quorum having answered to their names, all
further proceedings in the call wore dispensed
with.
The Journal of yesterday was then read and
approved.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
roiled Bills, reported as truly enrolled a bill and
resolution of the following titles; which there-
upon received the signature of the Speaker:
An act (S. No. 22) for the relief of John Scott,
Hill W. House, and Samuel 0. House; and
A resolution (S. No. 27) authorizing the set-
tlement of the accounts of John It. Bartlett, late
commissioner of the United States to run and
mark the boundary line between the United States
and Mexico, and for other purposes.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House acommunieation from the War
Department, submitting a report of First Lieu-
tenant J. C. Ives, topographical engineers, upon
the exploration of the river Colorado of the West,
with the accompanying maps, called for by the
resolution of the House of Representatives of
the let instant; which was laid upon the table
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. PHELPS. That is a very importantdoc-
ument; and I submit a resolution to print five
thousand extra copies.
The resolution was, under the rules, referred to
the Committee on Printing.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. COBB. On Friday last, during the excite-
ment here, the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Dawes] used the following language:
" I want to see the member of this House who considers
it gentlemanly to willfully, perversely, and intentionally
violate the rules of the House."
I then got up and said:
" The gentleman will look at me and see a gentleman of
this House who does not believe that that is ungentle-
manly."
I noticed this language of the gentleman from
Massachusetts yesterday for the first time; and I
wish now to state to the House and the country,
that, had I heard the words, " willfully, per-
versely, and intentionally," I should not have
presented myself; for I assure gentlemen that if,
through excitement or otherwise,I should do any-
thing " willfully, perversely, and intentionally,"
I could not uphold it. Those word|r escaped my
hearing, and J only heard the words, " violate the
rules of the House/' Now, I do not consider it
ungentlemanly to violate the rules of the House;
for wc all, with the exception of the gentleman
from Massachusetts, do that; and I do not sup-
pose any gentleman will claim that he does not,
with the exception I have mentioned.
There is another matter. A man must keep
his own record clear. Several days ago, when I
reported a bill from the Committee on Public
Lands, I stated that the committee had directed
me to move a certain amendment. The gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Lovejoy] remarked that
.the committee had not agreed to any such amend-
ment. I have since then shown the record of the
committee to the gentleman from Illinois, and sat-
isfied him that he was wrong in the statement that
he made. He promised me that he would make
the proper correction. I do not want a member
of my committee to contradict me in face of the
House and in face of the country. The gentle-
man intended to make the correction, but he has
not had the* opportunity to do so. A man must
take care of his own record.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I took the floor to correct a
mistake, but was not recognized.
Mr. COBB. Yes, sir; I must state that. I know
that my colleague on the committee took the floor
to make the correction, but was not recognized.
I make this statement, that my record may be
clear.
SLAVE TRADE. 4
Mr. REYNOLDS. I now call up the consid-
eration of Senate bill No. 4G4, to amend an act
entitled " An act in addition to the acts prohibit-
ing the slave trade;" which was reported back
from the Committee on the Judiciary with some
amendments.
The bill was read in extenso. It provides that
it shall be lawful for the President of the United
States to enter into contract with any person,
society, or body corporate, for a term not exceed-
ing five yeais, to receive from the United States,
through their duly constituted agent or agents,
upon the coast of Africa, all negroes, or persons
of color, delivered from on board vessels seized
in the prosecution of the slave trade by command-
ers of the United States armed vessels, and to
provide the negroes with comfortable clothing,
shelter, and provisions, for a period not exceed-
ing one year from the date of their being landed
on the coast of Africa, at a price in no case to
exceed $100 for each person; provided, that any
contract so made may be renewed by the Presi-
dent from time to time as found necessary, for
periods not to exceed five years on each renewal.
It authorizes the President to issue instiuctions
to the commanders of the armed vessels of the
United States, directing them whenever it shall
be practicable, and under such rules and regula-
tions as he may prescribe, to proceed directly to
the coast of Africa, and there deliver to the agent
or agents of the United States all negroes and
persons of color delivered from on board vessels
seized in prosecution of the slave trade, afterwards
bringing the capturcd vessels and persons engaged
in prosecuting the slave trade to the United States
for tiial and adjudication; and also authorizes the
President to take immediate measures in his dis-
cretion in accordance with existing laws, and
with the provisions of the first section of this act,
for removing to the coast of Africa, and there
providing with food, shelter, and clothing for a
term not exceeding one year from the date of
landing in Africa, the captured Africans recently
landed in the southern district of Florida; and
appropriates $200,000 for that purpose.
Mr. TAYLOR. I hope that the gentleman from
New York will give way for a moment. It will
be remembered that I gave notice of an amend-
ment I wished to make to the bill before us, by
striking out the proviso in the first portion of the
bill and inserting, in lieu of it, the following:
Provided, That no contract which may be entered into
by the Picsident, under the authority of this act, shall be
renewed by h:m until a convention shall be entered into
between the United States and Gieat Britain, making joint
provision lor the return of all Africans captured as al'oie-
said to the coa->t of Africa, on the same teim3 and condi-
tions.
I now offer that amendment. Mr. Speaker, 1
wish to say only a few words, in order to put the
House in possession of the object I have m view
in offering that amendment. It is well known to
all that at this time there are a great number of
negroes at one of our ports, who have been taken
from slavers captured in* the waters of Cuba.
The object of this bill is to furnish the Presi-
dent with the means of returning them to the coast
of Africa, and supporting them there for a limited
period of time. 1 have no disposition to interfere
with that object. I voted in committee to carry
it out. I voted for the adoption of the amend-
ments necessary to enable the President to cairy
out that measure, according to his own views of
propriety, and according to the exigencies of the
public service. But there are circumstances which
are within the knowledge of the civilized world,
with which wc are alf acquainted, that, to my
mind, make it necessary for us to adopt some
new provisions in the future, in reference to this
very subject. A considerable augmentation in
the value of tropical productions has taken place
in the markets of the world within the last few
years, and the result has been an increase in the
value of slave property. This has been particu-
larly the case in the island of Cuba. Within the
past few years that species of property has in-
creased in value from fifty to one hundred per
cent, in that island; and to that fact the remark-
able activity now displayed in the slave trade is
to be attributed. That appreciation in the value
of that species of property is still going on, and
the probability is, that with the employment of
steamers in this branch of the public service, the
captures of slavers will become numerous; so that
the numbers of ncgiocs brought within the limits
of the United States, which it will become our
duty to make provision for, will necessarily be-
come very large, an4 entail a very great burden
upon the nation.
Now, sir, it is known to all that, while the
United States has made such captures, and has,
in obedience to the spirit of the treaty stipula-
tions with which, she has trammeled herself with
Great Britain, returned the negroes on board of
these slavers, at great expense, to the coast of
Africa; while that is true of the Government of
the United States, it is not true, however, of the
Government of Great Britain. The Government
of Great Britain, by treaty stipulations entered
into with us, is bound, precisely as we are, to
make use of a certain naval force for the purpose
of breaking up the slave trade. But whilst this
is true, it is equally true her conduct in the dis-
posal of the captured;noeroes is not in consonance
with our practice, or with the spirit of the treaty.
It is known to all that, since the adoption of her
system for the emancipation of the negroes in her
West India colonies, that she has discovered that
the prosperity of those colonies can only be re-
stored by an increase in them of compulsory labor.
To obtain this a system has been adopted under
which coolies from Asia and negroes from Africa,
under color of pretended contracts for personal
service, are supplied to those colonies for the pur-
post- of invigorating their culture, and swelling
their channels of trade.
It is true that these coolies and Africans are not
known as slaves; but they are under the opera-
tion of the same system of laws which are now in
force in Mauritius and Cuba, by which they are
compelled to labor; so that their situation, so far
as relates to the industrial interests of Great Brit-
ain, is precisely the same.
Well, sir, what is the course of Great Britain
under the treaty which requires her to employ a
naval force expressly for the purpose of capturing
the vessels of her people when engaged in the
slave trade? It is known to us all, through the
piess, that when captures of this kind arc made
by the cruisers of Great Britain, at such a distance
from the coast of Africa that there is at least a pre-
text for taking them into the ports of their Amer-
ican colonies, instead of the negroes so captured
being retrrned to the coast of Africa for the pur-
pose of being restored to a condition of freedom
upon their native shores—it is known to us all, 1
say, that they are taken into the ports of her trop-
ical colonies, in the western world, and disposed
of under a system of laws whereby they are made
to contribute to canymgout the interested policy
of Great Britain, to supply her possessions with
the compulsory labor which she now finds is re-
quired in them.
While I am in favor of the execution in the
most complete manner of the duties imposed on us, *
whether it may be by the letter or the spirit of the
stipulations of that treaty, I am indisposed to per-
mit Great Britain, instead of discharging her duty
under that treaty, as it was intended it should be
discharged, to make the employment of the naval
force she bound herself by tho treaty to maintain
