1694
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
this bill. We have Congress voting the public
domain by millions of acres for almost every con-
ceivable purpose. We have projects for the ab-
sorption of the entire public domain by giving it
away in the shape of homesteads. The last prop-
osition we have is, that this Government shall
vote money from the public Treasury directly into
the pockets of private incorporators, for the pur-
pose of constructing a line of telegraph from the
Atlantic States to the Pacific slope. I Bay that
my intellect is so obtuse that I have never been
able to ascertain from what clause of the Consti-
tution we derive the power of Congress to perform
this character of legislation. But that I suppose
will not for a moment weigh with gentlemen here
who have advocated all these schemes for despoil-
ing the Government of its public domain; and I
cannot believe that these considerations will deter
those gentlemen from voting this bonus into the
pockets of these private incorporators.
The next objection I have to the bill is, that it
creates a monopoly for ten years between the At-
lantic States and the Pacific slope, so far as a line
of telegraph is concerned.
Mr. STOUT. If the gentleman will allow
me 
Mr. BURNETT. Certainly.
Mr. STOUT. I think that the gentleman is
mistaken when he states to the House that this
bill creates a monopoly. It does not, as I under-
stand its provisions, createanymonopoly. Itonly
jjrovides that for ten years the Government shall
afford this aid to this line of telegraph. Other
parties are not precluded, for as many as choose
may build other lines of telegraph. .
Mr. BURNETT. This bill confers upon the
parties named in it the exclusive right to build a
line of telegraph from this side to the Pacific. It
authorizes them to establish lateral branches con-
necting with Oregon, or in any other direction,
as they may sec fit. It gives tnem the exclusive
right of way over the public domain. It not only
does that, it confers upon them a quarter section
of land for each station; and it is provided that if
the land should be needed for the construction of
n Pacific railroad, that other land shall be selected.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. The gentleman
from Kentucky has certainly not read the bill, for
if be had, he would not fall into the mistake that
ho lias.
Mr. BURNETT. The bill provides that—
For the purpose of establishing L-talion<; for repairs along
said line or lines, not exceeding at any station one quarter
section ot' land, sucil MationtJ not to exceed one in fifteen
miles on an average of the whole distance.
Mr. COLFAX. Let me read a single line from
the bill, which precedes the provision referred to.
It is this:
With the free use during the said ten in of such lands
88 may be necessary for the purpose of establishing sta-
tions, See.
Itonly provides that they shall have the use of
the land during the term of their contract.
Mr. BURNETT. I understand the term occit-
panajj and so do, I am sure, the gentlemen who
reported this bill. We all know what is to be the
result of this thing.
The bill confers another power upon this cor-
poration, and it is this: that they shall have the
right to enter the land along this line of telegraph
at$l per acre. Itcreatesnotonly a telegraphic
monopoly; it not only gives this company §40,000
a year; it not only does all this; but it gives this
company the exclusive right of entering the pub-
lic land along this telegraph line at$l 25 per acre.
Yet gentlemen toll me that this bill will pass.
Doubtless it will; for you cannot introduce any
proposition here, voting money from the public
Treasury, or giving away the public domain, that
_ will not receive a majority of the votes of this
House. For one, I desire to enter my protest
against the passage of this measure.
This bill, sir, not only gives to this company a
monopoly of this telegraph for ten years, but it
gives them from the public Treasury §400,000.
I want gentlemen to tell me, I want the chairman
of the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads to tell me, when, under this bill, this com-
pany can draw the firstsubsidy of §40,000. When
will this company come to the Treasury for this
$40,000?
Mr. COLFAX. I will answer the gentleman
with pleasure. If the gentleman from Kentucky
will read the twenty-ninth and thirtieth lines of
the first section, he will find that it is provided that
No such contract shall bo made until the said line shall
be in actual operation, and payments thereunder shall ccase
whenever the contractors fail to comply with their contract.
No payment," sir, can be made until the whole
line is put up and in actual operation. When that
is done, when the line is in actual operation, then
the Secretary of the Treasury pays out at the rate
of $40,000 per annum. Of course, the Govern-
ment gets the service before it pays,
Mr. BURNETT. You must take those lines
in connection with another section of the bill.
There it is provided that, thirty days after the pas-
sage of the bill,-the incorporators shall signify, in
writing, their acccptance of the terms of the con-
tract, and that when they have done that, and
entered upon the worjc, they are entitled to the
§40,000 granted by the bill.
Mr. COLFAX. Docs the gentleman say that
in the teeth of that provision of the bill which I
have indicated? I know that he wishes to do
justice, although an opponent of the bill.,' It is
provided that if they fail to signify their accept-
ance of the contract, then the Secretary of the
Treasury shall advertise for sealed proposals for
the exccntion of the work. Not a word is said
in that section of the company being paid until the
line is completed. They cannot, under this bill,
receive one cent from the Treasury of the United
States until both branches of Congress, with the
concurrence of the President, shall hereafter pass
a bill making an appropriation for that purpose.
This bill only provides fpr the contract; and the
payments undo it have to be provided hereafter,
as payments are provided to mail contractors for
carrying the mail.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to address to the
consideration of the members of this House one
question. I ask them upon what principle of pub-
lic policy, upon what ground as wise legislators,
we should pass this bill conferring such gigantic
powers of exclusive monopoly upon private in-
dividuals ?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. In what- sec-
tion of the bill does the gentleman find this con-
ferring of exclusive monopoly ?
Mr. BURNETT. If the gentleman will read
the bill, he will pcrceivc that the bill confers an
exclusive right of way on this company from the
Atlantic, States to the Pacific slope.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. I think that
the gentleman is mistaken.
Mr. BURNETT. If the English language, in
which it is couched, means anything, it means
what I have stated.
Mr. COLFAX. I do not like to interrupt the
gentleman, but when he speaks of what was in-
tended by those who reported this bill he must
allow me to set him right when he falls into amis-
take. The bill docs not give the company an ex-
clusive right ofway. It only gives them the right
of way. There can be, if it be deemed proper by
others engaged iij the telegraphic business, fifty
more lines between the Atlantic and the Pacific.
Mr. FLORENCE. Is it likely that any com*
pany will seek to build another line?
Mr, BURNETT. Certainly not, when you
bring into competition with private enterprise the
strong arm of the Government. If wc grant a
subsidy of ^40,000 a year to this company, it is
hanlly possible that private individuals will come
into competition with it.
Upon the point that I have been arguing, let
me read the language of the bill:
That the Secretary of the Treasury, under the direction
of the President of the United States, is hereby authorized
and directed to contract with Zenas liamum, Thomas R.
Walkei, John II. Berryhill, Hiram Sibley, Norvin Gicon,
John O. Caton, Ficderic A. Bee, Chailea M. Stcbbins, and
James S. Graham, or their assigns, or a majority of said
contractors or assigns, for the u^e by the Government of a
lino or lines of magnetic tclegiaph,tobe constructed within
two years from the 31st day of July, 1860, from soiwe point
or points west of the Missis&ippi liver, by any route or routes
which the said conti actors may select, (connecting at such
point or points by teiegiaph with the cities of Washington,
New Orleans, New York, Clmileston, Philadelphia, Bos-
ton, and other cities in the Atlantic, southern, and western
States,) to the city of San Francisco, in the State of Cali-
fornia, for a period of ten years, at an annual late of com-
pensation not exceeding §40,000; and permission is hereby
granted to the said parties, or a majority of them, and their
assigns, to use, until the end of the said term, any unoccu-
pied public lands on the route of said line or lines which may
be necessary for the same, unless said lands shall beie-
quired by the Government of the United States for railroad
or other purposes, and provided that no right te preempt
any of said lands under the laws of the United States shall
inure to said company, their agents or servants, or to any
other person or persons whatsoever.
Now, sir, every gentleman here who is a law-
yer will say, when you once confer upon this com-
pany the right to build this line of telegraph; when
you have once made a contract with them; when
they have once undertaken the work under the
contract, that they have a vested right in it, and
that Congress cannot hereafter confer a similar
right upon another company; because that would
, be interfering with the vested right already con-
ferred upon this company. Hence I say this bill
bestows an exclusive monopoly, so far as a tele-
graph line is concerned,between the Mississippi
and the Paciiic coast.
There is another branch of the bill to which I
desire to call the attention of gentlemen. I do
not wish to weary the patience of the House, but
I regard this as an important measure, and I must
call the attention of the House to another branch
of the bill. But before I do that, I want to say
one word to my friend from Oregon, who urges
the passage of this bill bccause it will plant civil-
ization along the line from the Mississippi to the
Pacific coast. Well, sir, I have not thought that
that is one of the powers granted under the Fed-
eral Constitution to the Congress of the United
States. I have not been taught that it was our
business to vote money from the public Treasury
for the purpose of enabling private corporators to
build telegraph lines for the benefit of private in-
terests, in order that, in connection with that, and
as incidental with it, we might have civilization
and population.
Mr. STOUT. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Kentucky what, in his opinion, is the differ-
ence, so far as his constitutional objection is con-
cerned, between paying for information carried
through the mails, and paying for it sent over a
telegraph wire to the Pacific coast?
Mr. BURNETT. I shall not discuss the reasons
which may have governed the founders of this
Government in framing the Federal Constitution.
I know that, under that Constitution, we have
the power to establish post routes and all that
sort of thing. But for the purpose of transmit-
ting telegraphic messages, I have not yet found
any express authority in the Constitution; and,
being a strict constructionist, I do not claim such
power for the Government.
Mr. BURCH. Does the gentleman know the
opinion of the framers of the Constitution in ref-
erence to telegraph lines?
Mr. BURNETT. I suppose they had no opin-
ion, as there were no telegraphs in existence. Tho
gentleman from California is for this bill, as I un-
derstand; and if I did not suppose that he asked
the question jestingly, I would urge his pro-
pounding such a question as a reason why the bill
ought not to pass, for if he was not apprised of
that fact, he should not have asked the question;
and if he was, there is no good taste in propound-
ing it.
I desire to call attention to the last section of
this bill. If you are determined, gentlemeh*, to
pass this bill, I ask you to pass it upon principles
which are just and equitable to the entire country.
If it is your purpose to vote from the public Treas-
ury this large sum of money for the benefit of
private enterprise, then I say, strike out the names
of these corporators, open this thing to the field
of enterprise throughout the entire country, and
give to all those who may have knowledge of
telegraphing, or who may not have, the fullest
right to compete for this right of way. I am one
of those who are opposed to conferring an ex-
clusive benefit in this form or shape. The last
section of the bill, as it comes from the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads, is as
follows;
Jh\d be it further enacted, That if the persons herein
named, or a majority of them, fail to file their acceptance
with the Secretary of the Treasury within thirty days after
the passage and approval of this act, the said Secietary is
hereby directed to advertise for sealed proposals, to be re-
ceived lor thirty days thereafter, (and the fulfillment of
which shall be guarantied by responsible patties, as in the
case of bids for mail contracts,) to build the line or lines
herein authorized, with the franchises hereby proffered,
and under the limitations and conditions herein stated ; and
shall award the same to the lowest responsible bidder or
bidders, provided such proffer does not require a larger
amount per year from the Government than the amount
herein stated.
Now, if gentlemen want a fair bill—if they are
