674
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
levy out of the honest labor of honest men; to
plunder that labor for the purpose of cheapening
the transportation of their commodities. That is
what it means, and it means nothing else. If you
levy duties on the commodities that are trans-
ported by means of a particular improvement,
whether it'be a canal, railroad, or river, if the
commerce using the improvement pays the ex-
pense of cheapening the transportation, or lessen-
ing its hazards, that is legitimate and just; but if
you levy it out of those people who do not use it,
who cannot be possibly benefited by it, or who
arc directly injured by it, you use the power of
numbers in order to extort money from the weak
and put it into accursed pockets. That is what
it is, and it means nothing else.
Suppose that, in order to clean out the Missis-
sippi river and cheapen the transportation of my
produce down that river—and I have to use it for
six hundred miles in my own business—you levy
a tax on the man v$\o lives on the hills of South
Carolina or Georgia: what is the effect of it? The
valley of the Mississippi is a great country; prop-
ably its products are twice or thrice as great as
those of many of the people whom you would tax
for its improvement. You extort by the force of
numbers, from those less favored, in order to
cheapen the expense of getting to market produce
that comes in competition with theirs. That is
the result of it. If I were to vote for one-of these
bills, it would have just that effect on my con-
stituents. They pay in proportion to their con-
sumption, with all other people of the United
States, into the nublic Treasury; and in voting for
a bill like this, I should be levying a portion of that
money, paid by them, to improve the Mississippi
river m order to cheapen the transportation of my
produce raised on the Arkansas river, and get it
to Liverpool cheaper, where it comes into compe-
tition with them. Therefore, I make them pay
to cheapen my produce in order to come into
better competition with them in foreign markets.
Sir, this has been a vexed question, it is true;
but the existence of this power has been denied by
the best and most patriotic men who ever sat in
the presidential chair. Arc not their vetoes, time
and time again, recorded with the approbation of
the people; or, if not, according to the honest judg-
ment of patriots whose opinions could receive
neither increase nor diminution by any such testi-
monial r
As to the question of tonnage duties, the Con-
stitution is clear and express. Its language is:
"No State shall, without the consent of Congress, lay
any duty on tonnage, keep troop# or ships ot war in time
of peace, enter into any agreement or compact with another
Slate, or with a foreign Power, or engage in war, unless
actually invaded, or in such imminent danger as will not
admit of delay."
By the consent of Congress, then, the States
can lay duties on tonnage. If you will read Mr.
Madison's Debates of the Federal Convention, you
will find that this clause was expressly put in the
Constitution for the purpose of enabling the States
to improve their ports. That was the intention,
and that alone; the power was given, and it was
given upon all tonnage, without any distinction
being taken between foreign and domestic ton-
nage. No such distinction can be found in the
words ofthis clause of the Constitution.' It has
no word of authority, cxcept the vain babblings
of those who started it in the. last few years m
order to protect their ships. Nobody can find any
such distinction asserted for forty years in the
history of this Government. In many instances
Congress authorized the States to levy tonnage
duties, making no distinction between foreign and
domestic tonnage; and the power was given for
the purpose of enabling the different States of the
Union to improve their harbors. They had done
it before the Constitution, under the old Confed-
eration; and Congress gave its consent in various
instances, from the time the present Government
was formed,down,I think,aslateas 1843. There
are various acts, stretching from J792 to 1843,
which are stated accurately in the message—I
speak merely from*memory. As I remarked, the
power was expressly given for the purpose of en-
abling the States to make these improvements. I
tell my honorable friend from Kentucky that,
when the fathers met at Philadelphia to form this
Constitution which he and I revere, when it was
proposed togive Congress the power to build roads
and canals for facilitating commerce, it was ex-
pressly refused on the ground that those who paid
the tax would not get the benefit of the improve-
ment. He will find iu the Madison Papers that
the very argument which I used to-day was used
in the convention by the men who made the Con-
stitution.
The President says, in his message:
" To this provision several of the States resorted until
the period when they began to look to the Federal Treas-
ury instead of depending upon their own exertions. Mas-
sachusetts, Rhode Island, Pennsylvania, Maryland, \ir-
ginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia, with
the consent of Congress, imposed small tonnage duties on
vessels, at different periods, for clearing and deepening the
channels of rivers, and improving harbors where such ves-
sels entered. The la&t of these legislative acts believed to
exist, is that of Virginia, passed on the 22d February, 18^6,
levying a tonnage duty on vessels for {improving the nav-
igation of James river, from Waiwick to Kockett's Land-
ing.' The latest act of Congress on this subject was passed
on the Q4th of February, 1843, giving it<? oonsentto the law
of the Legislature of Maryland laying a tonnage duty on
vessels lor the improvement of the harbor of Baltimore,
and continuing it in forcc until 1st June, 1850."
Some of the ports that applied for this power
in some of the States limited the duties to foreign
commerce, because they did not wish to charge
it on the domestic commerce. From time to time,
various States asked leave to levy these duties,
and Congress granted it. I say, then, this is a
construction of the meaning of this clause of the
Constitution; and on the other point, on looking
into the Madison Papers, you will find that, on
the direct application for the grant of the power
to make internal improvements, it was refused;
not because the power was already contained in
the Constitution; not by any pretext which any
man who means to give a fair construction of the
Constitution, of his country can get around; but
the reason given and the argument was the ever
continuing and ever just reason, until the last
trump shall sound, and the reason why, if you
had the power, it ought not be exercised, that
those who paid the tax would not get the benefit
of the improvement. That argument was used in
the integrity of Ijie honest framers of the Consti-
tution of my country, and that is true to-day; and
that is the reason why I would oppose it now,
even if the power existed.
Gentlemen talk about the mode of doing this,
and they tell us that ships cannot bo compelled to
stop nt the St. Clair flats without using cannon.
Suppose a vessel clears from Oswego, from Buf-
falo, or from Cleveland, for Chicago, cannot the
custom-house officer,at the port of departure, or
at the portof arrival, levy whatever tonnage duty
is necessary to keep the St. Clair flats m order?
I know you cannot make vessels, bound from one
State to another, call at Michigan, and there enter,
clear, or pay duties. If a vessel clears from Buf-
falo, in New York, to Chicago, in Illinois, there is
an express constitutional prohibition that it shall
not be compelled to enter, clear, or pay duties in
any other State, and, therefore, you cannot make
it stop at Detroit; that would be unconstitutional;,
but, if that vessel uses an improvement at the St.
Clair flats, its duties can be paid at Buffalo, of any
description that the State of Michigan may choose
to lay for that purpose, provided they are con-
stitutional; or the duties can be paid at Chicago;
or, if a vessel from a foreign country, bound to
Chicago, passes over the St. Clair flats, it can be
compelled to pay its^luty for that improvement
when it reaches its port of arrival; for the pro-
vision of the Constitution is the same with regard
to foreign and domestic commerce. A vessel bound
to Chicago can go there, and there pay its tonnage
duties, its light duties, or whatever duties the Gov-
ernment may charge. That is the plain meaning
and interpretation, and, m fact, the exact language
of the Constitution.
Where did the power which is claimed for this
Government, of making internal improvements,
come from? Mr. Madison said it was nowhere;
he was some authority; I would rather take his
authority than that of an interested majority in
one Congress, or two Congresses, or three Con-
gresses. Mr. Jefferson said there was no such
power in the Constitution; General Jackson said
it was not there; Mr. Tyler said it was not there;
Mr. Pierce said it was not there; Mr. Buchanan
says it is not there. It has been denied since the
beginning of the Government; but now and then,
in bad times, when the Federal party have been
in power, they have managed to wring from nine-
teen to twenty-one million dollars out of the pub-
lic Treasury for these purposes. The policy has
been resisted by the friends of the people, the
friends of honest government, the friends of the
Constitution, since it was first asserted until now
They liavft resisted it, generally, With success,
but occasionally, m the fluctuations of the Gov-
ernment, those who desired these appropriations
have been able to put their hands into the public
Treasury; but the total amount they have got has
not exceeded $21,000,000.
I say, then, the Constitution is clear in its lan-
guage. No such power is given. It is some"
times put under the authority " to regulate com-
merce .'' Sometimes itis claimed under one clause,
and sometimes under another. It is a vagrant.
It is put wherever it may suit the fancies of par-
ticular individuals. The truth is, that not only
does the power not exist, but the framers of the
Constitution expressly refused to grant it. They
said distinctly, in totidem verbis, "we will not
grant it at all, and we will not grant it for a good
reason." I know that there is a powerful interest
arrayed on behalf of this alleged power. I do not
care if the Mississippi valley contained seven
eighths of the people of the United States; I know
they would be very apt to put their hands in the
Treasury, for I admit the overwhelming influence
that self-interest controls. Put all the people in
that valley, and they would be very apt to give
the Constitution a meaning to suit themselves on
this point.
Mr. BROWN. Confine that to those on the
upper waters.
Mr. TOOMBS. I include the lower waters too,
at least as far down as the Arkansas. We all
know it is a principle of human nature that men's
intellects are perverted where self-interest is in-
volved, and that they are very apt to persuade
themselves, honestly, if you please, but, whether
honestly or not, they are apt to persuade them-
selves that that is right which promotes their in-
terest.
Sir, when you look to the just rules of interpre-
tation; when you look to the language of the Con-
stitution; when you look to the arguments of the
men who made it; when you look to its cotem-
poraneous exposition for more than thirty years,
you find an absence of this power, and you find
the sages and patriots of the Republic resisting it
firmly, even against the popular will. I say, then,
this action of the President of the United States is
cause of congratulation; and I congratulate the
country that we have in the presidential chair a
man firm enough to stand by the Constitution of
his country against the clamors of (congressional
majorities.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, I feel no
spirit of controversy on this subject, and certainly
intend no more than simply to reassert my confi-
dence .and faith in the power which I, with others,
have exercised in the passing of this bill, to which
the President has returned his veto. I wished to
save myself from any conclusion, or the world
from concluding that I, or any gentleman who had
voted for the bill, or the Congress of the United
States had abandoned, or intended to surrender,
the power which was denied to them by the Pres-
ident of the United States. I do not intend now
to go into the argument of the subject. I mean
to say this: that the argument of the President is
a very unsatisfactory one indeed. The President
denies to us the power of appropriating money to
accomplish the object out of the Treasury of the
United States; but advises, if I understand the
message, and is ready to give his consent that we
may levy duties upon vessels for the specific pur-
! pose of doing that thing. Why, sir, this is but
| another mode for supplying the money necessary
j for the improvement. "It is only a different mode
i of exercising the power. The President says the
' General Government can furnish the money to
accomplish an improvement by authorizing him
to levy duties on vessels passing through the lake.
Youmustdo it,however,for that specific purpose,
he says. That is one mode of accomplishing it;
one mode of giving the money by this Govern-
ment. Without the authority of this Government,
a State, it is admitted, can levy no tonnage duties,
nor any other duties. What is it, then, butdoing
indirectly, what he says we have no power to do
directly ? Can any gentleman stand on that argu-
ment. and say that this Government is without
any authority whatever to make or authorize the
making of any work of internal improvement; it
cannot give a dollar out of the Treasury, but it
can give to a State the power to tax other persona-
