1860.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
253
36th Coxa.... 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Morris.
Ho. of Reps.
less great capitals are employed, the cultivation
of the soil yields only a bare subsistence, until
the near approach of large towns and manufac-
tures. They obviate the necessity of transport-
ing farm products for sale to distant points, by
creating a body of consumers in the midst of the
grain-growingdistricts,and both producerand con-
sumer then prosper alike. Schools and 'churches
spring up in every direction; and scientific pro-
cesses of culturo augment the annual yield of the
soil. No longer isolated from centers of intelli-
gence, the farmer is brought in contact with the
spirit of the age, and is animated by its enterpris-
ing stimulus to new improvements and to a more
enlightened order of life. No division of Amer-
ican society has a more immediate interest in the
prosperity of manufactures than the farmer, and
upon none docs its disasters act with more bane-
ful influence.
Everybody, says Colton, knows how quick the
farmingmterestsfeel the benefits of a new manufac-
tory, or a new manufacturing village or town, that
has sprung up in the midst of them, under a pro-
tective system. The farms instantly rise in value;
some of them, in the neighborhood, are turned
into gardens—the most profitable species of hus-
bandry—a new and lively market is opened ior ag-
ricultural products; agricultural labor is in greater
demand, and better paid; its products command a
higher price; and in this way the increase of man-
ufacturing establishments over the face of the
^ country, under the fostering care of the same sys-
tem, di (fuses the same benefits over the agricultural
interests of tin; whole land. The operation is
simple, and may easily be explained. In the first
place, the market is brought home to the door of
agriculture, instead of being remote m a foreign
land. Next, the wants supplied and the profits
mhdc by the sale of agricultural products are sup-
plied and made at home; and the capital on both
sides is in the country, stays here; is used here;
and by being turned over and over again, in differ-
ent hands, to different productive ends, is thecausc
of ceaseless and cumulative wealth among all par-
ties; whereas, if the same wants had been supplied
from abroad, this capital would have gone abroad,
and been lost to the country forever. In all these
transactions, and as a consequence, besides the
benefits to the agricultural interests, and besides
the activity and profit which they afford to every
species of business connected with them—and it
extends to all kinds of business—there are con-
stantly growing up m the country those great in-
terests, with incrcasingamounts of capital, which,
having been first the cause of these wide-spread
and univeisal bent, fits, are the perpetual nui turors
of the same, imparting benefits to all anu receiving
benefits from all. It is the creation of a new and
countless family of interests allied to each other,
and all profiting by the active operations of winch
they, in such connection and by such reciprocal
influences, are the cause. The country and all
parties are enriched.
Benjamin Franklin, in 1771, said:
" It is well understood that whenever a manufacture is
('H.ibh^hed which employ* a number of hand-*, it iaiscs the !
vahio ol kuuls in the mnghhoi country all around it, ;
paitiy by the greater demand near at hand for the pioduce I
ot the land, and partly from the plenty of money chawn by j
the manufactured to that part of the counhy. it seems >
therefore, the mtei ej-t of all om faimeis and owneis of lands
to encourage our > oun<* manulactuies in preference to for-
eign ones imported amony u-* hom distant countiie-s.'1
A revenue system winch floods the country
with foreign goods involves us in heavy indebt- j
edncss to Europe, which must bo discharged for :
the most part by the export of specie, as it is only ;
occasionally that there is any considerable demand :
"for American breadstuffs abroad. This confirm- j
ous drain of gold and silver deranges all the oper-
ations of trade, endangers the security of our i
banks, forces them to curtail their accommodations :
to the business community, and eventually leads '
to a suspension of specie payments and general |
bankruptcy. While the importer, who, under our \
mischievous ad valorem system, is generally an j
unnatuuilized resident, and who has no intention !
of becoming a citizen of the United States, is en- j
riched, the functions of the whole trading commu- |
nity are disordered, and millions of American j
capital are sunk. Thus the interests of the mer- j
chant are closely allied with those of the manu- j
facturer, and the legislation which is pernicious l
to the latter, is equally so to the former. Of the
effects of such a system of inadequate protection,
the following table, from the report of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, is a clear example:
United States exports and imports of specie during a period
of nine years, from 1851 to 1859, inclusive; and the a««rc-
«ate for a period of twenty-seven years, from 1824 to 1§50,
inclusive.
Specie Imports. Exports,
1851 §5,453,592 $20,472,732
185-1  5.505,044 43,674.135
185 3  4,201,382 27,48^,875
185 4  0,958,184 41.43(3,456
1855   3,650,812 56^047,043
185G  4,207,632 45,145,485
185 7 12,461,799 G9,130,922
185 8  19,074.496 52,633.147
185 9  7,434,789 57,502,305
#69,150,<30 $422,335,420
G9,156,730
Surplus exports over imports, 1851-59....,'£353,178,090
Specie loss to the countiy.     
Unless the present tariff is very materially
changed in its leading features, this excessne ex-
port of precious metals must continue, in order to
extinguish our present liabilities in Europe, while
we sow the seeds of further trouble by contract-
ing others. With such a tariff in existence, no
safe business calculations can be made by either
the merchant or manufacturer, and both must live
in a state of constant apprehension as to the fu-
ture. A dark cloud, charged with evil to our act-
ive interests, will be overhanging over our heads,
ready to burst at any moment and discharge
desolation and ruin on the country. Is it not the
duty of sagacious statesmen to avert these threat-
ened evils, and to guaid against their lveurienee
by such preventive legislation as experience sug-
gests ? if the existing tariff stimulates importation
to an unhealthy degree, raise the duties, and
bring the native into wholesome competition with
the foreign manufacture. If it drains the country
of specie, so reform it ns to check the excess of
exports over imports of the precious metals.
But, sir, we are told that the interests of capital
and labor are not identical, and that the one may
suffer without prejudicing the other. They who
propagate this idea may delude themselves, but
they c^pnot deceive those who earn their bread
by the sweat of the brow. Thero never was a
protective tariff enacted m this country that did
not increase wages. Take two dates,'on-' ante-
rior to the tariff of 1842 and another subsequent
to that act and while it was m operation, and tli"
influence cf protection on wages will be made
manifest. The following is a table of wagevpiuj
at the Pawtuckct mills, Rhode Island:
December, 1840. Dctcmlmr, 1815.
Female weaver^  $11 42 £17 03
'     U 16 1* 80
" "   30 76 17 f\)
" "   10 60 21 K>
" «•   13 32 17 27
Engineer, per day  1 33 3 73 j
Machinist,   J 33 t 75
Fneman, "   75 1 03
The savings banks, at such places as Lowell, ;
show the amount of surplus earnings of factory :
laborers, and distinctly mark the increase or de- :
crease of wages. In the savings bank at Lowell, [
the amount of deposits in 3811 was £448,190; m
1842,$478,365;ml843,$462,650;in 1844,$591,9]0; '
in 1845, <>730,890. Under the protective system
the laborer is well paid,and is enabled to support 1
himself in comfort and ease, and to lay the basis !
of future independence. Tariffs approximating to
free trade reduce wages to the pauper standaid of
wages in Europe, and are the greatest ciirse that
can be inflicted on our industrious, hard-working |
community. Who that really sympathizes with ;
the well-being of his fellow-men, who desires their i
e'evation and improvement, and to raise the stand- 1
ard of moral and intellectual culture, does not '
esteem it the highest duty of the American Gov- i
ernment so to act as to secure well-rewarded and ]
constant employment to the laborer, whether he i
drive the loom and shuttle, ply the anvil, delve in 1
the mine, or guide the plow? The labor of a na- ;
tion is the real source of its greatness; and the more ;
intelligent it is, the more successful will be its ap- !
plication. That system which degrades labor by ;
reducing wages, is a worse form of oppression and ,
wrong than the most arbitrary despotism. |
The Government, sir, lias as great an interest in ;
the revision of the tariff as the people. Its ex-
pendi tures now-annually average $80,000,000; and
though reductions may occasionally be made on
that amount, they will hardly be less, at least so
long as the prodigality and wastefulness that have
distinguished this Administration arc continued.
The bill under discussion will, on a fair average
importation, yield sufficient to pay the current in-
terest of the national debt, to leave a surplus to
accumulate for its final extinguishment, and-to de-
fray the expenses of the Government, economi-
cally administered. We need a more rigid econ-
omy to purge the Government of corruption,and
to remove the temptations to profligacy and ex-
travagance on the part of its officers and employes.
The lavish expenditure of the last few years is
demoralizing the whole tone and character of the
executive branch, and it is now necessary to re-
strict it within proper bounds. I would nafesufc-
pend appropriations to useful objects; to improve-
ments of lake and river navigation, of a national
import; to scientific explorations, intended to fix
the geography and ascertain the nature and char-
acter of the comparatively unknown intra-oceanic
regions of our vast domain. But I would retrench,
whenever retrenchment could be made without in-
jury to the general interests; and, above all,rigidly
execute the contract laws, and nob pamper polit-
ical favorites, by plundering the public Treasury
and violating the plain provisions of law.
As the actual revenue from customs, in 1859P
was only $49,568,824, it is evident that the main-
tenance of the tariff, as it now stands, will lead to
a larg'1 annual deficit, and to a steady increase of
debt. Moreover, under an ad valorem system of
duties, the Government is cheated of such alaige
proportion of revenue, by false invoices, that no
safe and reliable estimate of income can be made.
This kind of duties cannot be regarded ns protect-
ive, except accidentally; for they are in such a
constant state of fluctuation that the manufacturer
is always at a loss to know what they actually
ore. W hen prices are low abroad, owing to over-
stocked markets, and protection is more neces-
sary than ever, they afford the least protection.
In consequence of some sudejen and unlooked-foi
change in Eurojjcan affairs, the sale is checked
abroad; and our manufacturers find themselves
undersold and ruined by excessive importations
which they could not anticipate. With specific
duties, such as the bill from the Committee of
Ways and Means proposes, the American man-
ufa-Juter will know exactly the amount of pro-
tection accorded to him, and will be enabled to
conduct hts business with safety and success.
In 1859, although the gross amount of ad va-
lorem duties was inconsiderable, the British Par-
liament raised a committee to inquireinto the ex-
pediency of converting them into specifics. That
committee made an elaborate report, with a large
mass of testimony, all going to show that6i ad
valorem duties, however good in theory, operate
badly in practice." Such were the frauds com-
mitted under them, they state, that while their
gross amount, in 1850, was only <£188,332, dur-
ing the same period the number of seizures was
four hundred and twenty-one. Specific duties are
the rule in the British tariff, and ad valorems the
exception. To obviate the frauds to which ad
valorem duties always lead, and to remove the
temptation to perjury on the part of the importer,
and to bribery on the part of the officers of cus-
toms, the British (Government has substituted
specific for ad valorem duties, wherever practica-
ble, and with equal benefit to the revenue and the
industry of the kingdom.
In 184G, in a speech in the Senate, Mr. Web-
ster introduced the following letter, in illustration
of the frauds practiced under the ad valorem sys-
tem:
" Boston, July 17, 1845.
" Dear Pin: I am infoimed that a respectable hou>e in
iliih city leccivi.-ci <ui invoice of Euiopean goods fw>n> a for-
eign house, the amount of which was about two thousand
dollars, and that after entering the goods at the custom-
house by the invoices, tlicy received another invoice valu-
ing thu same good- at about eight thousand dollars, with a
letfei, stating thai the firs>t invoice was to kvy duties by,
and the «ceond to .sell by.
CiThe cou-j.rne< l eie, who is alto an impoitur, not being
\vilim2 to be a party to the fraud, deposited both invoices
at the custom-house, where they were yesterday."
• Fraudsof thischaracter,tothe seriousdetrimcnt
of the revenue are of common occurrence, and no-
