2640
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 5.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I desire to sen
whether I understand this question. I inquire of
the Chair, whether this bill was not reported, and
the question propounded whether it should bo
considered in the House ?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. No, sir; there was
no such question propounded.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the facts
in relation to the matter. The bill was called up,
and the House, without objection, proceeded to
the consideration of it. Amendments have been
offered, debate has been had upon it. The pre-
vious question has been called, and the Chair
decides that it is now too late to make the objec-
tion that it must have its first consideration in a
Committee of the Whole House.
. Mr. BINGHAM. That is the decision; and
now I object to any debate upon it.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Mailie. I desire to know
whether I understand this question before I am
called upon to vote upon it. I understand the Chair
now to decide that the rule which required the bill
first tobe considered in a Committee of the Whole
House was virtually suspended by the unani-
mous consent which was given to consider the bill,
51s much as if a direct vote had been taken on a
motion to suspend the rule.
The SPEAKER. That is the opinion of the
Chair-
Mr. SICKLES. I understand that the rule re-
quiring a bill first to be considered in a Commit-
tee of the WlTole House may be suspended by a
two-thirds vote on Monday, or by unanimous
consent on any day. Now, I wish to ask the
Chair whether the question was propounded
whether there was any objection to the suspen-
sion of the rules to consider this bill in the House ?
If that question was stated to the House, I shall
vote against the appeal. If it was not, I shall
vote for it.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, addressed the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia must be aware that debate is not in order.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I may have the Hour
surely long enough to exercise the poor privilege
of withdrawing my appeal. [Laughter.] I ask
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Reynolds]
to allow me to have a vote upon the following
amendment to the bill:
Provided, That no African or negro found on a vessel
engaged in the slave trade, which may be captured by an
armed vessel of the United States, shall be returned to
Africa against his consent.
Mr. REYNOLDS. With all respect to the
gentleman from Virginia, I cannot consent to
allow that amendment to be offered.
Mr. BARR. I ask my colleague to allow me
to offer an amendment, and have a vote on it in
the House.
Mr. HICKMAN. I object. No amendment
or debate is in order pending the demand for the
previous question; and I ask that the rule may
oe enforced.
Mr. BARR. My colleague has the right to
withdraw the demand for the previous question,
and allow tne to offer my amendment, which I
desire to do in good faith.
Mr. WLNSLOW. May I ask the gentleman
from New York whether the amount appropri-
ated in this bill covers the last cargo which has
been landed in Key West*
A Member. The amendment covers it.
Mr. REYNOLDS. I must insist upon my
demand for the previous question.
Mr. BARR. I call for tellers upon seconding
the demand for the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Kf.llogg
of Illinois, and Crawford, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 96, noes 37.
So the previous question was seconded.
Mr. BARR. Now, I again appeal to my col-
league to allow me to offer an amendment to this
bill.
Mr. REYNOLDS. There are several gentle-
mon who desire to offer amendments; and if I
yield to one, I must to another.
Mr. CRAWFORD. X desire to offer an amend-
ment to this bill in reference to the support of
these Africans; and I think it is the duty of the
gentleman from New York, and the other side of
the House, to allow me to offer that amendment.
Mr. REYNOLDS. Let me say to the gentle-
man from Georgia that the point' involved in his
amendment is the whole point involved in the
bill. If he is for such an amendment, he must,
therefore, vote against the bill itself.
The main question was ordered to be now put.
- The first amendment reported by the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary was as follows:
In line fourteen, first section, insert "fifty" after the
words " one hundred;" so that the section will read as fol-
lows :
That it shall and may be lawful for the President of
the United States to enter into contiactwith any person
or persons, society or societies, or body corporate, for a
term not exceeding five years, to receive from the United
States, thiough their duly constituted agentor agents, upon
the coast of Africa, all negroes, mulattoes, or pei sons of
color, delivered from on board vessels seized m the prose-
cution of the slave trade by commanders of the United
Stares armed vessel?, and to provide the said negroes, mu-
laitoes, and persons of color, with comtortable clothing,
shelter, and provision?, for a period not exceeding one year
from the date of their being landed on the coast of Afuca,
at a price in no case to exceed one hundred and fifty dol-
lars for each person so clothed, sheltered, and provided
with food.
Mr. REAGAN. I ask the yeas and nays upon
that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The amendment was agreed to.
The second amendment proposed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary was to increase the entire
appropriation in the bill from $200,000 to $250,000.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I call for the
yeas and nays upon that amendment.
Mr. BRANCH. I trust the gentleman from
New York will have read a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Interior, which, I think, will satisfy
gentlemen on this side of the House, that this
additional amount is necessary. I hope permis-
sion will be given for the gentleman from New
York either to have that communication read, or
to make a statement in reference to it.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I will withdraw
the call for the yeas and nays.
The amendment was then agreed to.
The question then recurred on Mr. Taylor's
amendment.
Mr. PHELPS demand the yeas and nays on
the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ADAMS, of Kentucky. Is it in order to
divide the question ? 1 am willing to vote to strike
out the proviso in the bill, but 1 am not willing to
vote to insert the words proposed by the gentle-
man from Louisiana, [Mr. Taylor.]
The SPEAKER. Under the rules there can
be no division. The question is indivisible.
The question was taken-, and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 77, nays 99; as follows:
YEAS—Mess-r*. Green Adams, Ashrnorc, Avery, Barks-
dale, Boeoek, Bonham, Holder, Bouligny, Noyce, Blanch,
Bugg% Bnstow, Burcli, Buinett, John B.'Clark, Clopton,
Cobb, John Cochrane, Burton Ciaige, Craw 1'oid, Curry,
Davidson, John G. Davis, Edmundson, Fouke, Gaitrell,
Gilmer, Hamilton, Hardeman, John T. Harris, Ilutton,
Hmdman, Hoiinan, Houston, William Howard, Jackson,
Jones,Landrum, James M. Leach, Leake, Love, Muelay,
Mrnloiy, Maynard, McQueen, Millson, Laban T. Moore,
Sydenham Mooie,Isaac N.Morris, Niblack,Noell, Peyton,
Phelps, Pr>or, Pugh, Quaiies, Reagan, Riggs, James C.
Robinson, Ruflin, Uust, S<*ott, Sickles, Simms, Singleton,
William Smith, William N. H. Smith, Stalhvorth, Steven-
son, James A. Stewart, Stokes, Thomas, Underwood,
Vance. Whitcley, Wmslow, Woodson, and Wright—77.
NAYS —Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Adram, Aldrich,
Allen, Beale, Bingham, Blake, Brayton, Butfinton, Builm-
gaine, Hurnham, Huttcrficld, Carey, Carter, Case, Colfax,
Convin, Covode, Curtis, ji Winter Davie, Dawes. Delano,
Duell, Dunn, Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Etheridge,
Farnsvvorth, Fenton, Ferry, Fo^er, Frank, Fiencli, Gooch,
Graham, Hale, Hall, Ilaskin, Hclimck, Hickman, Hoard,*
William A. Howard, Humphrey, Irvme, Junkin, Francis
W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, lCilgore, Killmger, DeWitt
C. Lcach, Lee, Longnecker, Looims. Lovcjoy, McKeau,
McKnight, McPhersou, Montgomery,'Moorhead, Morrill,
Edward Joy Morris,"Nelson, Perry, Pettit, Porter, Potter,
Pottle, Reynolds, Rice, Christopher Robinson, lloyce',
Schwartz, Sherman, Spaulding, Spinner, Stanton, Ste-
vens, William Stewart, Stratum, Tappan, Thayer, TLea-
kei, Tompkins, Tiain, Trimble, Vandever, Van Wyck,
Yeuee, Wade, Waldron. Walton, ElUhu B. Washburne,
Israel Washburn, Wells, Windom, YVood, and Woodruff
—99. '
So the amendment was rejected.
During the vote,
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland, stated that he was
paired with Mr. Davis, of Mississippi.
Mr. HAWKINS stated that he was paired
with Mr. Sedgwick.
Mr. BONHAM stated that his colleague Mr.
Milks, was paired with Mr. Alley.
Mr. MORSE stated that he was paired with
Mr. Garvett.
Mr. TAYLOR stated that he was paired with
Mr. Blair.
Mr. LOGAN, not being within the bar when
his name was called, asked leave to vote.
Mr. BINGHAM objected.
Mr. LOGAN stated that, if permitted to vote,
he would have voted in the affirmative.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Hickey, their Chief Clerk, notifying the
House that that body had passed, without amend-
ment, House bill No. 284, for the relief of John
W. Taylor, and certain other assignees of pre-
emption land locations; also, that the President
of the United States had notified that body that
he did, on the 1st instant, approve and sign Sen-
ate bill No. 299, to increase and regulate the pay
of the Navy of the United States; also, that that
body had agreed to the amendment of the House
'to Senate bill No. 117, for the relief of Guadalupe
Estudillo De Arguello, widow of Santiago E. Ar-
fuello; and also, that the Senate insist on their
rst and third amendments, disagreed to by the
House, to House bill No. 503, making further
appropriations for the service of the Post Office
Department during the fiscal year ending the 30th
of June, 1860, and ask a conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses thereon, and
have appointed Mr. Pearce, Mr. Yulee and Mr.
Cameron, the managers at the said conference on
the part of the Senate.
Mr. COLFAX. I ask the unanimous consent
to make a motion regard to the last bill.
There was no objection.
Mr. COLFAX. I move that the House insist
on its disagreement to the first and tlurd amend-
ments of the Senate to the House bill No. 503,
making further appropriations for the service of
the Post Office Department during the fiscal year
endiug the 30th of June, 1860, arid agree to the
conference asked by the SenaLe on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses thereon.
The motion was agreed to; and the Speaker
appointed Mr. Colfax, Mr. Crawford, and Mr.
Washburn of Maine, managers at the said con-
ference on the part of the House.
THE SLAVE TRADE AGAIN.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. REYNOLDS. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. CRAWFORD demanded the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 122, nays 56; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Green Adams, Ad-
rain, Aldrich, Allen, Bingham, Blake, Botclor, Bianch,
Rrajton, Brig«s, Brinow, Huffinton, Burcti, Burhngame,
Burnham, Carey* Carter, Case, Clark B. Coclnane, John
Cochrane, Colfax,Corwin,Covode,Curtis, II. Winter Davis>,
John G. Davis, Dawes, Duell, Dunn, Edgeiton, Edwards,
Eliot, Ely, English, Ethendge, Fenton, Feny, Foster,
Fiank, Gilmer, Gooch, Graham, Hale, Hall, Ilaskin, Hat-
ton, Hulmick, Hickman, Hoaid, Ilohnan, William How-
ard, William A. Howard, Humphrey, Irvine, J unkin, Fran-
cis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Kilgoie, Killmger, De-
Witt O. Leach, .Lee, Logan, Longnecker, Loomis, Love-
joy, Maclay, Mallory, Charles D. Martin, MciCean, Mc-
knight, McPherson, Millson, Montgomery, Moorhead,
Morrill, Edward Joy Morris, Isaac N. Morris, Nelson,
Niblack, Noell, Perry, Pettit, Poiter, Potter, Pottle, Rea-
gan, Reynolds, Rice, Christopher Robinson, James C. Roh-
uison, ltoyce, ltust, Schwartz, Sherman, William N. H.
Smith, Spaulding, Spinner, Stanton, Stevens, William
Stewart, Stokes, Stratton, Tappan, Tha>er. Thcaker,
Tompkins, Train, Trimble, Vallandigham, VaiuU.vor, Van
 Wyck, Verree, Wade, Waldron, Walton, Eilihu B. Wash-
burne, Israel Washburn, Wells, Windom, Wood, and
Woodruff—129.
NAYS—Messrs. Ashmore, Avery, Barksdale, Barr, Bo-
cock, Bonham, Bouhgny, Boyce, Burnett, John L>. Claik,
Ciopton, Cobb, Burton Craige, Crawford, Curry, Davidson,
Edmundson, Gartreli, Hamilton, Hardeman, John T. Har-
ris, Hill, Hindman, Houston, Hughes, Jackson, Jones,
Lamar, James M. Leach, Leake, Love, Maynard, Mc-
Queen, Laban T. Moore, Sydenham Mooif, Peyton,
Phelps, Pryor, Pugh, Quarles, Ruffin, Scott, Sickles,
Simms, Singleton, William Smith, Stalhvorth, Ste\enson,
James A. Stewart, Thomas, Underwood, Vancc, White-
lev, Wmslow, Woodson, and Wright—56.
So the bill was passed.
During the vote,
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM said that if he had'
been present he would have voted for the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr. Tay-
lor,] and he now voted "ay" on the bill itsclfin
order to execute fully and in its spirit our treaty
