678
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
Maryland exerted it for the improvement of the
harbor of Baltimore, Georgia for the improvement
of the harbor of Savannah, and Massachusetts for
the improvement of Boston harbor.
For thirty years Congress said to the States,
improve your navigation; clear out your harbors
by using this power of taxation; come to us and
get our consent, so that we may see the power is
riot abused. In 1823 they quit coming here; and
from that moment, as the effort had been made a
few years before in Mr. Madison's administra-
tion, they determined that they would seize the
* public Treasury and make the public pay for the
benefit of their commerce—that is, put their bur-
duns on other men's backs. That is the whole
of it. It has no other foundation. I say that no
State in the Union has pursued any such policy
at home.
I am justified in stating that to be the truth,
because, when I refer to the internal improvements
made by each of the confederated States, I find
that they themselves made those who use them
pay for them, and this Government does not. I
have shown you that they did so in ancient times
and in modern times, it is just what the com-
mon sense of all wise governments has been until
you set up this system under this miserable apol-
ogy of a Government, in order to combine and
unite, when certain interests are strong enough,
to use it as a syphon in order to run dry the pock-
ets of honest labor in other sections of the coun-
try that arc not benefited by it. When the canal
was built around the falls of the Ohio, wc re-
quired those who used that canal to pay tolls
for it. It worked well; it paid for itself; it paid
the stockholders $140 on every $100 paid in; it
reimbursed the United States; and finally, they
wanted to give it all to us, and then we had peti-
tions coming in from Kentucky and Indiana and
Ohio asking the Federal Government to enlarge
it. Here is a valuable improvement; so valuable
that there is hardly honesty enough in that whole
country to hold the property; and for fear of its
being wrenched from them by its profits, they
say, " let the Government come here and enlarge
the canal; it is too small for modern progress;
-whereas we formerly had boats fifty feet long, we
have them now three hundred feet long; therefore
let the Government enlarge the canal;" abandon-
ing the principle upon which we embarked in the
enterprise. We were besieged, since I have en-
tered Congress up to the time the canal altogether
belonged to the Go'farnment in 1852, to accept it,
pay the stockholders, and then levy on the public
Treasury" to relieve the people and boats that
passed through it. If you have a bridge, I do not
see any honesty in making me pay toll if I do not
use it. 1 do not see any more honesty in it than
"In my requiring the United States to pay for carry-
ing my cotton to Liverpool. Might 1 not, on the
same principle, ask you to pay the expense of
sending my cotton to Liverpool out of the Treas-
ury of the United States ? it is unjust. The true
principle is, to let every honest branch of indus-
try bear its own burdens. There has been a con-
tinual effort made in this Government, on the part
of a majority here, to throw all the burdens they
could of their business upon the common Treas-
ury.
Hence, this Government pays for light-houses
and supports them. Commerce pays for them in
other countries, and your commerce pays for
them everywhere else, all over the world; but
here the mercantile interest was sufficiently strong
• to put that expense on the common Treasury. So
when people wanted a rock blown up, or a snag
removed out of the Ohio or Mississippi river, they
came to Congress, saying " it will lessen the cost
of tranportation, and insurance will be less, and
freight will be less; here is a bar, take it away, so
that a larger boat can pass." If this Government
can appropriate money to such a purpose, and
for such objects; if it can remove obstructions to
enable a man to get his cotton to market for half
a dollar a bale, instead of a dollar, and to get his
corn and bacon twenty per cent, cheaper, why
cannot Congress make an appropriation for a
road from my gin house, to enable me to reach a
market?
I say the people who are injured by this sys-
tem will not submit to the skinning because three
Congresses have passed such a bill. I tell my
friend frsm Kentucky, Congress may pass it
until the last trump shall Sound, and it will not
be acquiesced in by this people. I show you the
authority of the framers of the Constitution. I
show you their assertion that the power was not
given; and even if it had been given, justice would
thunder in your ears until the day of judgment,
and even at the judgment seat, that you-were un-
just in its exercise. 1 would thunder it into any
man's cars, that the robbing of honest people,
who are not benefited, taking money from them
without consideration and transferring it to the
pockets of others, is not just.
As to the question of tonnage duties, I stated
the reason for giving that power. I have shown
that it was looked to as the very means for making
these improvements. My friend from Kentucky
has made two speeches in favor of the power of
Congress to make these appropriations,and where
does he put the authority ? I have given you the
Constitution; I have given you the debates of the
framors of it, as reported by Mr. Madison; I have
given-you their practical interpretation for years.
Nobody has ever yet been able to find a decent
place-in which to put this power to make internal
improvements. As my friend from Alabama sug-
gests, the only place they have got to put it- is
the construction of Congress. I think that is a
very poor-reliance; and I think my friend from
Kentucky made a great mistake when he counted
up nine hundred members of Congress as assert-
ing this power. I have been in some of those
Congresses of which he spoke, and I beg to be
left out. I have never gone for it at any time, or
under any flag, and I have fought under several
flags, i go wherever duty calls me; I have fought
under the Whig flag, under the Union flag, and
under the Democratic flag; and I will go where
duty and justice call me. Wherever I have been
I have foughtagainst this iniquity, aswell in one
party as in another. Fourteen years ago, in the
Congress of the United States, I supported the
veto of Mr. Polk, which is referred to in the pres-
ent veto message of the President of the United
States. But I referred to the question of tonnage
duties. That matter came up in the Federal con-
vention.
" Mr. McHenry and Mr. Carroll moved that
' No State ^linll lie restrained trom laymgdnties of ton-
nage lor the purpose ot'clearing harbors and erecting light-
houses.'
•• Colonel Mason-, in support of thin, explained and urged
the situation of the Chesapeake, which particularly re-
quned expenses of this sort.
"Mr. Gocverkcijr Morris. The States are not restrained
from laying tonnage, as tne Constitution now stands. The
exception ptoposed will imply the contrary, and will put
the States in a worse condition than the gentleman [Colo-
nel Mason] wishes.
"Mr. Madison. Whether the States arc now restrained
from laying tonnage duties, depends on the extent of the
power ' to legulatc commerce.' These terms are vague, but
soem to exclude this power of the States. They may cer-
tainly be restrained by treaty. He observed that there were
other objects for tonnage duties, as the support ot the sea-
men, &e. He was more and more convinced that the reg-
ulation of commcrce was, in its nature, indivisible, and
ought to be wholly under one authority.
"Mr. Sherman. The power of the United States to reg-
ulate tiade. being supreme, can control interferences ot the
State regulations, when such interferences happen ; so that
there is no danger to be apprehended from a concurrent
jurisdiction.
" Mr. Langdon insisted that the regulation of tonnage
was an essential part of the regulation of trade, and that
the States ought to have nothing to do with it.
" On motion ' that no State shall lay any duty on tonnage
without the consent of Congiess/—
"New Hampshire, Massachusetts, New Jersey, Dela-
ware, Maryland, South Carolina—ay, 6; Pennsylvania,
Virginia, North Carolina, Georgia—no, 4 ; Connecticut di-
vided.'*
Then even upon the question of requiring the
consent of Congress to allow the States to exer-
cise this power, the proposition was carried by
one majority—six States for it, four against it,
and one divided.
•'The jomainder of the paragraph was then remolded
and pas&cd, as follow5*:
"No State shall without the consent of Congress, lay
any duty of tonnatre, keep troop*, or ships of war in time
of peace, enter into any agreement or compact with another
State, or engage in war, unless actually invaded, or in such
imminent danger as will not admit of delay."
It was demanded for the express purpose of
enabling the States to cWr out their harbors.
Some urged that they had the power any how;
but to make it more ccrtain, the clause was in-
serted. They refused to give the Federal Gov-
ernment power to make internal improvements,
and they inserted this clause for the express pur-
pose of giving the States authority to clear out their
harbors and rivers. Now, I ask my honorable
friend: " Believest thou the prophets "5" Here is
their language. It is clear. Here is their cotem-
poraneous exposition. Here is their declaration
of what they meant. Here are their reasons for
it; and they are as good to-day as they were when
the fathers met at Philadelphia and framed the
Constitution. The reason was given by Mr.
Sherman in one brief line—that the money was
taken out of the public Treasury and the benefit
received by the people of the particular localities.
I say even those who advocated the granting of the
power, did it upon a juster, a higher, a nobler
ground than is pretended by these men now; for
Mr. Wilson, of Pennsylvania, one of the ablest
men who sat in that body, said it might be a source
of revenue. Those who ask for these improve-
ments do not say that now. They will not even
havetonnagedutieslevied. They attemptto divest
themselves of their authority by all schemes pos-
sible: they want to get rid of an express power given
expressly for this purpose, in order to reach the
Treasury; and when they reach your Treasury,
they do not then seek to make the people who use
the improvement, or who arc benefited by it,
finally reimburse the Treasury for its outlay.
I have shown that this system is against the
judgment of honest people everywhere. If it be
a right rule in every State of the Union to make
those who use works of internal improvement pay
for them, why is it not a right rule in the Federal
Government? If it be right for the States, which
use their money in improving rivers and harbors
and making railroads and canals, to reimburse
their people out of the pockets of those who use
them, why is it not just in the Federal Govern-
ment? If it be a good rule in France, when the
Government makes improvements, to charge the
passengers and merchandise that pass over them;
if it be a sound rule in Russia; if it be a sound rule
wherever civilization prevails, why not here ?
There may be individual exceptions in some States.
I know that my State sunk many thousand dol-
lars in trying to improve rivers, and she did not
collect any tolls, because nobody was benefited;
the improvements turned out to be worthless.
All the States of the Union which have carried
on great, enduring, permanent improvements,
whether by turnpikes, canals, or railroads, or
even when they have given charters to others to
construct such works, have allowed those who
made them to reimburse themselves by proper
charges upon those who use them. And this is
the judgment of honest men passing on their rights
everywhere else; but when we come to the Fed-
eral Government, it is proposed to improve the
navigation over the St. Clair flats at the expense
of the Federal Treasury. That improvement cer-
tainly will nort help those who do not use it. It
will not help any man in South Carolina or m
Georgia. You say it adds to the general pros-
perity, He gets that any way; but if you take
, money out of the public Ireasury to promote gen-
eral prosperity, you pay for general prosperity in
a way that no honest Government ever will pay
for it. You might say, on the same principle,
that it would add to the general prosperity to build
a railroad to some man's gin-house or sugar-house,
for the reason that he makes cotton and sugar and
sends them abroad to pay his debts, and to that
extent it benefits him, and therefore benefits so-
ciety.
The just rule is, that wherever the expense of
Government is divisible, you shall divide it. I
know that gentlemen are very apt to respond by
telling me that the Army and Navy are supported
at the public expense. I have jirgued that ques-
tion before with my friend from Kentucky. The
public defense is indivisible. The whole of so-
ciety owes to every man, irrespective of what he
owns, protection in his life, liberty, and property.
It lays upon him the burden of a social system,
and is bound to protect him. Hence the public
defense is indivisible. But wherever you can
divide any public expenditure,and make the man
pay who is really benefited by it, truth and hon-
esty andgood government require that you should
do it.
I say, then, in conclusion, that, standing on the
Constitution itself, standing upon the Constitu-
tion as interpreted by those who made it, stand-
ing upon the Constitution as it was followed by the
fathers for forty years, if a thousand Congresses
pass this, I would thunder in your ears it is un-
constitutional, it is unjust,
Mr, CRITTENDEN. Mr. Prenident, I have
