256
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 25,
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Territorial Policy of the Government—Mr. Eliot.
Ho. 05 Keps.
laration of certain men clothed with the ermine of
our highest judicial tribunal, the President of the
United States declares to us, in his message to the
•present Congress, that
" The tHu has been established of every citizen to take
bis property of any kind, including slaves, into the common
Territories, belonging equally to all the States of the Cou-
fedoracy, and to imvo it protected there under the r edcial
Constitution. Neither Congress, nor a Toriitonal Legisla-
ture, nor any human power, Has any authouty to annul or
to impair this vested right." _
And that is the political phase now assumed by
that question which demands adjustment by the
freemen of this Union.
If now we go back for u few years, it is easy
to see how the southern Democratic party, sus-
tained by northern friends under the lend of a
northern President, and the falsfend treacherous
counsclings of a northern Senator, have forced
into life and combined into a solid and overpow-
ering; organization the Republican party of the
Union. Sir, during all the weary weeks that pro-
ceded the organization of this House, while the
confusion of tongues prevailed, aiul our tortm-ed
language was made the unnatural vehicle ot an-
athema and abuse against men who w«o i(-pre-
senting upon this floor the " sentiment" tor which
the fathers contended—during a!i those week.!,
when the red hand of the South seemed to be raised
in menace against us, and the voice oTd isun ion, un-
checked and applauded even, echoed madly in these
Hails, one great fact was always recognized, the
fact of this national power winch was tauntingly,
but harmlessly, styled the "Black" Republican
party. If any man can patiently work his way
through those harangues" to tlic country "—where
the main and controlling end and aim appeared to
be, not to convince, but to inflame; not to persuade,
but to enrage constituencies already too much and
too wildly excited—he will be struck, as I was,
■who heard them, with the manifest sense of na-
tional greatness with which that Republican-pai ty
had impressed the Democracy of the South. It
■was the premonition of coming defeat, and not
the " Helper book," which lashed into fury the
champions of southern slavery; and yet, it aeon- ^
stitutional majority, in a constitutional manner and ,J
form, shall enable that political party to inaupt- j
rate m these modern time.", an administration tlutt [
shall claim torepresentthe policy ol Washington, 1
and to carry out into effective lealily some of tin-
ardent yearnings of the heart of Jefferson, I ap-
prehend that no urut will use on this iloor ami
say to UK that a way will not be found to meet the
crisis according to the law in such ease made and
provided.
Mr. Chairman, when the theory of Mr. Cal-
houn was becoming crystallized into a political
creed, the possibility of a KepaMtean party be-
came a necessity. At that time two great parties j
—the Whig and the Democratic organizations— |
contended Cor political power; and these resolu- i
tioiis of Mi'. Calhoun comi[bated greatly in dis-
cjuiet the public mind of the whole Noiih. The !
"iirebiaml" took effect. The millions of men in
the non-slaveholding States were confounded at
the bold advance of the slave (lower. Distin-
guished Democratic politicians perceived at once
that such new aggressions of the South would
make them all slaves, by a logical necessity, it
such doctrines were admitted as Democrat a , and
the party which annonuced thein should have
power to vitalize them by legislative laws. In
many of the northern States, m <aucus and m
convention, icsolutions were adopted by both
political parties, to the end that the men enrolled
under their bannoi's who loved freedom, and be-
lieved in its nationality; who dreaded the slave
law and the slave trade, and the institution tin y
fostered; and who believed as Washington and
his copatriots, in the senate and in the field, at
the South and at the Worth, believed, that it must
be restricted, and that it ought to be abolished.
- To the end that such men should be retained within
their ranks, resolutions weie adopted declaring
in advance the suBstantial doctrines of our Re-
publican party as their true and accepted faith.
For, Mr. Chairman, it was beginning to be Celt
expedient, for their own preservation, and to con-
ciliate the growing discontent among themselves,
to put upon the record their opinions upon sub-
jects that were assuming such alarming signifi-
cance in the popular mind.
Sir, if the newspapers of that period should be
consulted, it would be found that the northern
Democrat of the straitcst sect—brought,up at the
feet of Gamaliel himself—in State convention,
would rival the Whig of most anti-slavery pro-
clivities in the art of framing resolutions in de-
fense of freedom. I do not stop to prove by his-
toric reference—it could not be done in the hour
you assign me—the truth of what 1 say. But
there are men now on this floor, Republican Rep-
resentatives, then belonging to both parties, who
can attest its truth. We were actors and ob-
servers, and I am speaking of what I know. Then
came the session of the compromises. Mr. Cal-
houn had, three years before, denounced all com-
promises. He did not believe in them when prin-
ciples were involved. It would have been better
for all of us, perhaps, on both sides of the House,
if some of those measures, which together were
styled the compromises, had never become laws.
But itdid at one time seem that the "conflict, "so
far as it depended upon the action of the two
controlling parties in the country, was to be re-
pressed .
I do not mean to say, nor to permit it for a
moment to be supposed, that I approved of the
whole legislation of 1850. or of the subsequent
political action of cither of those parties respect-
ing it. I speak now as an individual, and not for
any party. There are different opinions and va-
rious judgments here upon this side of the House
regardingit. The honorable gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Corwin] has taken occasion to restate his
approval of one of those measures, known as tWe
fugitive slave act, which were placed as laws upon
the statute-books of Congress while he was a dis-
tinguished member of Mr. Fillmore's Cabinet.
Oilier gentlemen have stated, in more or less gen-
eral phrase, their willingness to submit to what
was done. I cannot, as a legislator, assent to
their opinions. Whatever we"may do, or what-
ver we may feel bound nor to.do, as citizens, we
stand hero m Congress clothed with higher power,
and burdened with different duties. 1 prefer the
doctrine of Mr. Buchanan—not the President, but
the Senator. 1 appeal from Mr. Buchanan in the
White House to Mr. Buchanan in the Senate.
Hear what he said, speaking upon the bank ques-
tion, in the Senate, in July, 1841:
" Now, it' it were not unparliamentary language, and if I
(111! eot lies in: to treat all my li lends on tins [Wing] side ot
lie: llouse with the icspoet vrluell I feci for tlii'in, t would
<:iy that the idea of llio question luivitl? been settled so as
:> bind the consciences oi' members of Congress, when voting
oil lliepa'seiit lull, is T die' a':^urd. If ([lithe judges
and all0ie latctfcis in Chustcndom h:u! deeided in tlieafliiill-
alive, when the que,!ion is thin brought home to one as a
legislator, bound to vote for or aiainst a new eliarte., upon
(Mlh lo Mi[)[i0it the t.'onstitution, I must exercise my own
judgment. 1 would treat with profound respect tile ,n<;ii-
liients and op.niuns of judges and constitutional law}it- ;
hat ii, after all, they tail to convince me Unit the law
was constitutional, J should be guilty of perjury before high
Heaven if X voted in its, favor.
" IJtit even if the judiciary had settled the question, I should
lievci hold in)self Ijuilnd by tlu-u decision while acting m
:i legislative character. Unlike the Senator from Mas-sa-
clHisett--, [Me ll.ite-i,] I shall nci'Cr consent to place the lib-
erties of the people in the handsof any judicial tribunal.
No man holds in hicher esteem than 1 do the memory
of Chief Justice Ahii'hall; hat I should uei-erhave consented
to male ecen hua the Una! arbiter between the Oovfi nincnt
andtke people oj llih loantrij on questions of lonstitulional
hberi
My own examination of the constitutional power
of Coneress to pass the act of 1850 has induced a
conviction that i am unable to surrender; and in-
dependent of the peculiar provisions of that act,
which seemed to me at tile time of its enactment
to characterize it as a law unfit for the approval of
civilized and Christian btw-givri-s, it has seemed
eleartome that when the seveial States adopted, as
1 a bond ofconimonunion, the provisionsofourFed-
oi-al Constitution, it was not within their intent to
confer upon Congress the power which such legis-
\ lotion involves.
But i go further back than the gentleman from
that sober and thinking men, who had not been M Ohio [Mr. SiniKMAy] did yesterday, and would
politicians, were getting to be alarmed. Third |[ be willing, altogether, to meet the gentleman from
parties werebeeomingstrong; and both the Whig jj Virginia, who discussed one portion of the act ot
party and the Democratic party found it to be II 1850, and discuss the question with him. If the
question were a new and open one now; if the
right under the Constitution to pass any law,
either that of 1793orthatof 1850, could be argued
in the Congress of the United States, I think that
all constitutional lawyers must come together
upon that proposition. AU that can be said now
is, that an early Congress, after the adoption of
the Constitution, passed an act; that the Supreme
Court have decided upon its constitutionality; that
the courts of the various States have sustained it;
that the legislation of 1850 is claimed to be in pur-
suance of it; and because of the action of Congress
and of the judiciary, that the question ought to be
deemed and taken to be settled.
That doctrine was not the doctrine which com-
mended itself to Mi. Buchanan; for he said, and
said well, that ho was unwilling that the liberties
of the people should rest in the judicial tribunals
of the country. But when, in the course of time,
the judicial tribunals came to say that the negro
has no rights the white man is bound to respect;
when, going out of their proper sphere, outside of
the case before them, they sought to pass upon a
question of constitutional law,then the President,
forgetful of the past, and of his early love and
reverence for the liberties of the people, is willing
to indorse the doctrine of the Supreme Court, ana
to declare to us that the question is settled and
that now no power upon earth, congressional,
territorial, or judicial, can affect the right of the
slaveholder to carry his slave within the Territo-
ries of the Union.
Sir, I do not care to stop now to discuss the
question of the constitutionality of that lav/. I
should not have felt myself called upon to refer
to it at all, except for the fact that seveial gentle-
men upon this side of the House have thought it
proper for tliem to say that, in their judgment, the
law was constitutional. The Republican party,
it is true, has nothing, as a party, to do with it;
hut I felt unwilling to let this occasion pass, and
have it for a moment supposed that I concurred
in the opinion to which I have alluded. Nor do
I feel at all willing to rest under the suggestions
which luivc been made the other day, in regard to
the question of slavery in the District of Colum-
bia. I speak as a man; as an individual; as the
representative of no party; but 1 love this District
with the affection of a child. During my early
years here, 1 learned my lesson from books; dur-
ing my boyhood here, 1 listened to the eloquence
of men from the North and South; and I tell you
it would be a proud and happy day to me could
I aid the men of this District, coming voluntarily,
as I trust under God they may one day, and ask
us to strike off the shackles from the slaves. It
would be a glad day to m  could I aid them un-
der the law, and under the Constitution thatcovers
us all, in that most happy work
No, sir, I could not agree that 1 would not vote for
the abolition of slavery in this District. We shall
sec that time, my friends. Ought we nqt to do
so, when the laws arc brought to bear here to sup-
press free speech ? Were I to say outside what
I am saying here, I ask what security I have that
I should not be puumderbojidstokeep the peace?
I might be put under bonds were I to say m this
capital of the nation that I should not be afraid
to dcfuid John Crown. 1 tell gentlemen such
things cannot happen without attracting the at-
tention of tho vrh^k? land; and when the time
comes, as come I trust it will—not forcibly nor
violently, butat the instance and request ot those
men whose interests are at stake within this Dis-
trict—-I hope the North and the South may strike
hands and say that, if the owners of slaves desire
that slavery shall cease in the Distiiet of Colum-
bia, we, in the Congress of the United States, will
aicKthem in that work.
But, Mr. Chairman, I am admonished that my
time is passing. These compromise measures
were incorporated among our laws. How long
the apparent peace would have been real, no one
can determine. But we all know how the war
began again, and from what quarter the declara-
tion of hostilities was made. It was reserved for
the Senator from Illinois to marshal and to con-
duct the army of the South to what seemed a
victory, but will prove a sacrifice of the party
which followed hint so valiantly and fought so
well. It is only a question of time. But that vio-
