1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
679
only a word or two to say in reply to the gentle-
man, some of whose expressions could scarcely,
with any propriety, be left unreplied to. I admit
that, upon any new question of appropriations or
accomplishing any great object in in ternalimprove-
ments, even supposing the power to exist, it would
be proper for Congress to consider the justice and
expediency of making that particular appropria-
tion; and, when an application shall be made, and
a vote required upon the application of somegen-
tlemn n who wants Congress to appropriate money
to build him a sugar-house, I suppose there will
not be much difficulty on the part of Congress in
determining that question. X suppose the judg-
ment of Congress, and their integrity, will be a
sufficient security against any abuses of that sort.
It is the only security which we haver against the
squandering of the public money in a thousand
illegitimate and impolitic modes. "Why should
any greater security against impolitic appropria-
tions have been imposed in respect to appropria-
tions for internal improvements than other modes
of squandering the public money that are within
the acknowledged limits of your power, and are
equally liable to abuse? What has the gentleman
brought forward to settle a constitutional ques-
tion ? The citations he has made from the debates
of the convention, and the propositions of Dr.
Franklin and Mr. Madison, have been known to
the public for years; they have all been consid-
ered; and when they were all considered, the pub-
lic mind was left in doubt. The public mind has
been acting on the subject with that evidence be-
fore it. It has not satisfied the public mind that
the power does not exist. It has satisfied the hon-
orable Senator's mind. It has satisfied his mind
not only of the proper construction of the Con-
stitution, but it has satisfied his mind that no
honest man will differ from him. Every honest
man, he thinks, must agree with him; and those
only have the contrary opinion who mean to
plunderthe public Treasury and make the public
pay their proper expenses. The gentleman can-
not be contented himself to abide by this sort of
denunciation of the men who have entered into
the defense of the power of Congress on this
subject 
Mr. TOOMBS... I said the scheme originates
in that; not that cach man who votes for it holds
that, but that is the animating principle on which
it lives.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I might as well con-
tend that the opposition to the adoption of it, as a
universal principle, was from gentlemen occupy-
ing parts of the country which required no appro-
priations of this kind, or that it originated with
gentlemen who, from notions of strictState rights,
apprehended that the General Goverilment, by the
exercise of this power, might increase its popu-
larity and increase its power to encroach on those
rights. That is an evil to be guarded against, I
admit; but I choose to refer it all to that natural
difference of opinion which will result from free
minds operating on the construction of a great in-
strument like the Constitution". Mr. Madison's
amendment might have been rejected by men who
supposed that if they went to introducing all these
little specific objects of inquiry into the Constitu-
tion they could never get through with it. It was
an instrument to consist rather of great general
principles and great general powers than to be run
out into specific constructions as to particular ob-
jects. It is exactly like the ease of Mr. Jefferson,
who said there was no power in our Constitution
to acquire territory; yet Mr. Jefferson acquired
territory, and demanded an amendment of the
Constitution to justify it. Thdre was no express
power there to acquire territory by conquest or by
treaty, no more than there was, as the gentleman
says, to make internal improvements; yet the
country has decided, Congress has decided, that
there was power to make acquisitions by treaty,
and we have since decided that they may be made
by conquest as well as by treaty. Where is that
power? Can you put your finger on it in express
language? No, sir. Is every power invested in
this Government expressly named in the Consti-
tution of the United States ? Could a constitution
be made so general, so elaborate, so particular,
and so specific, that you could put your finger on
every particular power*
But 1 do not intend to go into this general ques-
tion. Mr. President, I only want to say that the
judgment of Congress will always be a sufficient
guard, or as good a guard, against improvident
and improper expenditures for internal improve-
ments, as against improper expenditures on any
other question. We have the same security against
improvidence and wanton expenditure in that re-
spect that we have in every other; and there, I
think, our security ought to consist—not in de-
priving the Government absolutely of making
every possible improvement of the face of our
country, opening our channels of commerce. Mr.
Calhoun was himself obliged to get rid of his strict
doctrine on the subject; not, perhaps, by changing
his opinion on the general question of interim!
improvements, but by declaring the Ohio and Mis-
sissippi rivers to be internal oceans; that is what
he declared when ho attended a great meeting of
internal improvement men at Memphis. Now,
sir,shall tlusGovernmcntbc deprived of all power
to make any improvement whatever? Is there
none so connecting the States together, that the
States themselves are incapable of executing the
work, and the General Government is capable of
it? General Jackson said that national improve-
ments might be made. He vetoed the Maysville
road bill, because he said that was not a national
work, but a mere State improvement. He ad-
mitted, still, the power of internal improvement.
That is the only question here—whether that i«
a power to be admitted.
My position is this, Mr. President, without
undertaking to argue the original question upon
which my friend from Georgia pronounces in such
decided and peremptory terms that no such power
exists: I say all that we can now justly and prop-
erly assume is, that the power is questioned; that
that question of questionable power ought to be
determined, and must, for the good of the Repub-
lic, have some settled solution and decision; and,
I think, if Congress continues to divide with the
President, it is the President, who is not of the
legislative branch of the Government, that ought
to yield to the legislative hrnneh.
i Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, I do not desire to
protract this discussion; yet, perhaps, in consid-
eration of my relationship to the President, both
as a member of the same party, and as chairman
of the Committee on Commerce, to which this
bill was referred, and by which it was reported,
it is due to myself to say, at least, that I cordially
concur in the principles and sentiments avowed
in his message, and that at a proper time I shall
endeavor to vindicate them. At this time I do
not propose to add anything to what has been so
well said by my friends from Texas and from
Georgia, but this, with due deference to my hon-
orable friend from Kentucky—whom i highly es-
teem as an honest man and a patriot—to protest
against the doctrine, he has avowed and repeated
whenever he has taken the floor, that it is the duty
of the Picsident, m his opinion, to defer to the
judgment or the will of a majority of the people
of the United States, and a majority of Congress,
as often expressed. Why, Mr. President, with
all respect for that Senator, it strikes me that this
sentiment is as bad in morals as in politics. I
understand the President of the United States to
have taken an oath to support the Constitution of
the United States; and will the Senator pretend
that it is the duty of the President to surrender
not merely his judgment to the keeping of Con-
giess, or a majority of the people, but his con-
science also? Must he perjure his soul in defer-
ence to the will of the majority of the people, or
the majority of Congress? God forbid! And I
trust that the Senator himself does not appreciate
the obligation of that oath or the duty of the Presi-
dent as I do, or he would not have uttered such
a sentiment.
It is, too, against the theory of the Federal
Government, which is not a Government of a
mere numerical majority. I do not hesitate to
say here, thatlf it was a Government of an abso-
lute numerical majority, I would be its foe, and
would have the Union dissolved to-day; because
I do not believe that the weaker section of this
Union could live in any security or peace, or en-
joy its rights, either constitutional or reserved, if
it were such a Government. Sir, the form and
spirit of this Government contradict the intima-
tion that it is if Government of a popular majority.
That has been illustrated by the Senator from
Texas in the remarks he made a short time since.
Now, let me suggest to the Senator from Ken-
tucky where that doctrine will carry us. It may
be very convenient and very expedient for the
distinguished Senator from few York, not now
in his place, to advocate such a doctrine, as I have
heard him do time and again. It may suit the
Empire State of New York; it may suit tlie great
North, with its immense numerical majority, to
maintain that the will of the majority of the peo-
ple or of Congress should prevail over the nega-
tive of a President of the United States; but it
does not suit that weaker sectioji, numerically
speaking, to which the Senator from Kentucky
and I belong. I think, and I trust that he thinks,
that we have rights, constitutional and reserved
rights, which no majority can override; that the
little State of Florida, with her one hundred thou-
sand inhabitants, has not only a voice as potent
on this floor as thegreat State of New York, with
j her four million; but she has rights, and the
humblest of her citizens have rights, which no
| majority of the people of the United States or of
I Congress can take away.
| Mr. CRITTENDEN. I never asserted the
S contrary of that.
| Mr. CLAY. Then I misunderstood the Sen-
I ator. I understood him to maintain that the Pres-
ident should defer to the oft-e£pressed will of a
majority of the people and of Congress, in favor
of these internal improvements;ana it was to vin-
dicate him against the judgment of* the Senator
that he had done wrongand had abused his power,
or had not properly exercised it in not deferring
to that majority, that I rose to speak. I hope I
did misunderstand him. Such a doctrine as I
thought he enunciated is, in my judgment, ut-
terly at war with the spirit of the Constitution
and the rights of minorities. I understand the
Constitution to have been made chiefly for the
benefit of minorities, not majorities; to shield the
former against the abuse of the latter. Therefore
I am prepared, at any time, to vindicate the veto
power. Therefore I trust that no President will
ever so far forget what he owes to his country
and to himself as to surrender, at the bidding of
any majority, either of the people or of Congress,
however strong.
But the Senator is &£ fault in one matter, rather
immaterial in itself, yet it is due to the President
to correct it. Pie says that this bill has thrice
passed Congress, and has been vetoed by three
Presidents. Therein the Senator is wrong. An-
other bill for an appropriation to the St. Clair
, flats was passed by Congress, and was vetoed by
; Mr. Pierce; and I regret to say that it was after-
wards passed by the constitutional majority over
his veto. There is nothing in the career of Frank-
lin Pierce, as a public servant—which was illus-
trated from beginning to end by devotion to the
Constitution and the rights of the States unsur-
passed by any President—I may iustly and truly
say was in stricter accordance with the true State-
rights, strict-construction doctrines of the fathers
of that instrument, of the men of 1798 and 1799,
than any of his predecessors—I say there is nothing
that sheds a brighter halo around his name than his
veto of those bills. I well remember that when
those bills were sent him,in 1856,1 told him that
vetoing them would be signing his political death-
warrant; that the convention which was shortly to
assemble at Cincinnati would furnish him no vote
fromthegroatNorthwestforrenomination. I shall
never forget his answer. It was worthy of the
noblest Roman or Greek in the proudest days of
their history. It was worthy of an Aristides ora
Phocion. "Sir," said he, "bettersign my polit-
ical death-warrant, than violate the Constitution
of my country and dishonormyself;" He knew,
when he signed his veto of those bills, that he was
sacrificing himself to save his conscience and his
country. But, sir, I trust that the people of the
United States will eventually do him justice, and
that history will record his name among the purest
patriots and noblest heroes either of our military
or civil annals.
I cordially thank the President for this veto. I
thank him for recommending by it a bill which I
expect to report to the Senate within a day^ or
two, carrying out his suggestion of authorizing
the States to make such internal improvements
by levying tonnage duties.
The Senator from Kentucky, in reply to the
Senator from Georgia, quotes, as authority for
the constitutional power of Congress to carry
! on these improvements, high names, venerable
1 names, names which I respect quite as much as
