1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
iw:
day by the Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Mason*.]
It will bo remembered that he stated that Mr.
Sanborn was taken from the custody of this pre-
tended officer by a mob. That was the statement
of the Senator from Virginia, made hero, and go-
ing to the country; and I think a calumny upon
the people of Concord, How are the facts, as
authenticated by the official papers? The return
by the sheriff is as follows:
Middlesex, «• JlprilZ, 18GD.
By virtue or' this writ, and in obedience thereto, i thi*
day "took the body ot the wjthm-named Fiank U. Sanborn
frorfi the custody of Silas Cailutou, at Concord, in said
county, and now have him, under sate and secure conduct,
before the chief'ju tice of the supreme judicial couit, now
Killing at Boston, in the county of {Suffolk, as within di-
rected. And I have also summoned the withm-named Silas
Carleton to appear before ktid court, and there show cause
of the taking and detaining the feaid Frank 13. Sanborn, by
reading to him the within writ,and have also given him in
hand au attested copy thereof.
JOHN B. MOORE,
Deputy Sheriff,
Now comes the return of this very Carlcton,
the pretended officer:
Commonwealth or Massachusetts, Suffolk, $$.
Jiyril 4, 1860.
Before Lemuel Shaw, chief justice of the supreme judi-
cial court of Massachusetts.
In the metttcr of F. B. Sanborn.
And now before the said chief justice comes SilasCar-
letoti, the deputy—
He so calls himself—
of Dunning R. McNair, Sergeant-at-Arms ot the Senate
of the United States of Ameuca, and for answer saith:
that by virtue of a certain warrant duly issued by author-
ity of the Senate of the said United States, now in session,
on the 16th day of February, A. D. 1861), a copy of which
if hereto annexed and made part of this answer, that he
did arrest, for the causes in ^aid warrant and the said copy
thereof more fully set forth, on the 3d day of April, instant,
the body ot the said F.H. Sanborn, at Concord, m the county
of Middlesex and Commonwealth aforesaid, and that after-
wards, (after having airested him,) to wit: on the day and
at the place aforesaid, he, the .••aid F. 13. Sanborn, was taken
fro.m his custody by one John D. Moore, then and there act-
ing as one of the deputies of the sheriff of paid county of
Middlesex, and that the said F. JL Sanborn was so taken
from ins custody by the said John 13. Moore, by virtue of a
proceeding or writ issued under the hand and seal of the
Honorable Ebenezer Kockwood Iloar, associate justice of
the said supreme judicial court, on the 3d day of April, in-
stant. SILAS CAIILETON,
Deputy of the Sergeant-at-Jlrtns Senate of United States.
Suffolk, ss. April 4, i860.
Subscribed and sworn to before
S. M. CiUlNCY,
Justice of the Peace.
There, sir, is the official response to the asser-
tion of the Senator from Virginia. The Senator
says he was rescued by a mob. It is true there
was a mob in Concord. Jt was a mob of kidnap-
pers, who went there in the name of the Senate of
the United States to seize a citizen of Massachu-
setts. 1 have Jicre a letter which I have received
from one of the most distinguished citizens of
Concord, who was present at the time. This is his
statement:
u No rescue by the crowd was made or attempted till the
writ of habeas corpus was served; and this,even,Carleton
and his fellows resisted tiii the deputy sheriff was obliged
to use force to take Mr. Sanborn from him." * ■* *•
" The arrest was as brutal, cowardly, and outrageous a pro-
ceeding as I ever knew in seven years' experience as sheriff
of that county."
Sir, it is not unnatural that an arrest made under
such circumstances should have attracted attention
in that town and throughout the Commonwealth
of Massachusetts. It has. It has excited a feeling
of indignation against the act; and perhaps that
is increased when people put this question:" Why
all this effort to seize Mr. Sanborn ? Why this
overthrow of law to accomplish that purpose ?"
It is notorious that there is a citizen of Virginia,
formerly the chief magistrate of that State, who
has openly avowed that he knew much in regard
to the very matters in inquiry before that com-
mittee, and that rubies should not bribe him to
disclose it. He has thrown the challenge down
to that committee and this Senate before the whole
country, refusing openly to testify; and yet that
committee makes no motion to bring ex Governor
Wise before the Senate, and compel him to testify.
Instead of that, it seeks a northern man, Mr.
Hyatt, now in jail, and another northern man,
Mr. Sanborn, who it is well understood know
nothing on the matter; and it follows up Mr.
Sanborn by an act which I characterize here as
simply an act of kidnapping.
I oner these papers, and ask that they go with
the memorial already •« the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the papers presented by the Senator from
Massachusetts will, for the present, fie with the
memorial on the table.
Mr. MASON. Before that is done, the" Sen-
ate will allow me to say a word in reply to what
has fallen from the Senator from Massachusetts.
"When he presented the memorial of this man
Sanborn, I objected to the reference which he pro-
posed to give it, upon the ground that I thought
no action could be taken upon it until we had the
official return upon the warrant under which he
had been arrested; and, in the course of the re-
marks which were made in reply, according to
my recollection, to what then came from that
Senator, I stated that I, of course, had no per-
sonal knowledge of anything that transpired; but
that, as well as I could gather from a hasty corre-
spondence with the marshal, whose deputy was
the party that made the arrest, Sanborn, when ar-
rested, had been rcscued by a mob in the town of
Concord, from the officers of the law. That was
denied by the Senator, on information that he
had received to the contrary. 1 had no other in-
formation, of course, than that communicated to
me by the correspondence. Since then, I have
received—and only last night— the official return
of the officer who made the arrest; and it is my
purpose, on Monday, under the instructions of
the select committee, to present the question to
the Senate for the disposition that that committee
have instructed me to move shall be made of the
subject. It may possibly involve an inquiry which
will ascertain the facts, which would seem to be
in controversy between the party making the arrest
and the deputy sheriff who served the habeas cor-
pus. I will not now go further into the subjcct;
but we have the circumstances that transpired
under oath of the party who made the arrest—the
deputyof the Sergeant-at-Arms. I shall, I say,
on Monday, move, under the instructions of the
committee, for the disposition of that subject
which they have instructed me to move.
In reply to what fell from the Senator in refer-
ence to the action of the committee, I will say this:
it has been the pleasure of that Senator to say that
a citizen of the State of Virginia, who was late its
chief magistrate or Governor, as he learns through
the press, has stated that lie had information on
the subject which the committee were required to
inquire into with reference to the occurrences at
Harper's Ferry which rubies could not bribe him
to disclose; and it has been the pleasure of that
Senator to assume that the committee have taken
no action to have that gentleman brought before
them as a witness, and to assume that they have
done it from a desire only to get that sort of in-
formation from northern men. Now, I will say
to the Senator that he has spoken upon a subject
of which he has no information. I assume that
the members of the committee have disclosed noth-
ing as to that. I say, therefore, the Senator has
stated here, as matters affecting and impugning the
conduct of the committee in the inquiry committed
to them, that upon which he can have no informa-
tion. What has been done in that matter, if any-
thing, will be divulged in good time, when the re-
port'is made. At present, the Senator can have
no information on the subject.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I profess to
have no information except what is open to all
the world; and there are two things that arc open
to all the world, that is, so far as they are known
through the press: first, that the ex-Governor of
Virginia has more than once declared that he had
important information in reference to that matter,
and that rubies would not tempt him to disclose
it; and secondly, it is known that the ex-Gov-
ernor of Virginia has not been brought to Wash-
ington as Mr. Hyatt lias been, and as an attempt
has been made to bring Mr. Sanborn. No kid-
nappers have been sent into Virginia, nor hand-
cuffs put upon ex-Governor Wise.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The papers will
lie on the table.
PATENT LAWS.
Mr. BIGLER. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of the bill (S. No. 10) m ad-
dition to "An act to promote the progress of the
useful arts."
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill.
Mr. BIGLER. I suggest that that part of the
bill which lias been reported as a substitute is
the only part that perhaps need be i*ead.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill haa never -
The Secretary will read
been read in the Senate
the biil at length.
The Secretary proceeded to read the bill. ' ?
Mr. B1GLEII. I suggest—and pei*haj>s tjh«-;
Senate will agree by unanimous consent—*as this
bill was recommitted to the committee and a sub- *
stitute reported for the entire bill, that only the
substitute be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Pennsylvania states that this bill was recommitted
to the Committee on Patents, who have reported
a substitute for the entire bill; and he asks unan-
imous consent to suspend the reading of the bill,
and that the substitute only be read. If there be
no objection, that course will be pursued. The
Chair hears no objection. The Secretary will
reard the amendment of the committee.
The Secretary read the amendment reported by
tho committee, to strike out all after the enacting
clause of the bill, and insert the following in lieu
thereof:
That the Commissioner of Patents may establish rul<?&
for taking affidavits and depositions required in case?
pending iti the Patent Office, and such affidavits aud depo-
sitions may he taken before any justice of the peace, or
other officer authorized by law to take depositions to bo
used m the courts of the United States, or $i  the State
couits of any State where such officer shall reside; and in
any contested case pending in the Patent Office, it shall be
lawful for the clerk of any court of the United States for
any district or Territory, and he is hereby required, upon
the application of any party to such contested case, or the
agent or attorney of such party, to issue smbpenas for any
witnesses residing or being within the said district or Ter-
ritory, commanding such witnesses to appear aud testify
before any justice oi the peace, or other oftieer as aforesaid,
lesiding within the said district or Territory, at any time
and place iu the subpena to b.i stated ; and it any witness,
alter being duly served with such tubpenu, thall refuse or
neglect to app-var, or, altrr appearing, shall refuse to testify,
(not being privileged from giving testimony.) such refusal
or neglect being proved to the satisfaction of any judge of
the couit whose clerk shall have issued such subpena, said
judge may thereupon procccd to eniorce obedience to the
process, or to punish tho disobedience m like manner as
any court of the United States may do in ease ot disobedi-
ence to process of suhpena ad testificandum issued by such
court; and witnesses in such cases shall be allowed tho
same compensation as is allowed l« witnesses attending
the eouits of the United States: Provided, That no wit-
ness shall bo required to attend at any place more than
foitj miles from the piae:' wheie the subpena vhall be
served upon him to give a deposition under this law : Pro-
vided aisa, That no witness Shall be deemed guilty of eon-
tempt loi refusing to disclose any secret invention made
or owned by him : Jlnd jnoculed further, That no witness
shall be deemed guilty of contempt for disobeying any sub-
pena directed to him by virtue of this act, unless his fees
for going to, returning from, and one day's attendance at
the place of examination shall be paid or tendered to him
at the time of the service of the subpena. *
Sko. ii. *ftnd he it further enacted, That, for tii6 purpose
of srccuring greater uniformity of action in the grant and re-
fusal of letters patent, there shall be appointed m the same
manner as now provided by law lor the appointment of ex-
aminers, a boaid of thiee e\aminer -ui chief, at an annual
salary o: $.%000 each, to bo composed of persons of compe-
tent legal knowledge and scientific ability, whose duty it
shall bo, on the written petition of the applicant for that
puiposc being filed, to revise and determine upon the valid-
ity o'* decisions made by examiners when adverse to the
grant ol letters patent; and al-o to revise and determine in
like manner upon the validity of the decisions ot examiners
in interference cases, and when required by the Commis-
sioner in applications tor the extension of j>atents, and to
perform such other duties as may be assigned to them by
the Commissioner; that trom the decisions of this board
appeals may he taken to the Commissioner of Patents in
person, upon payment of the fee hereinafter prescribed;
thai the sa.d examiners in chief shall be governed in their
action by the lules to be prescribed by the Commissioner
of Patents. No appeal shall hereafter be allowed from the
decision of the Commissioner of Patents, except in cases
pending prioi to the passage of this act.
Sec. 3. Jind be it further enacted, That no appeal shall
be allowed to the exainmers-in chief from the decisions of
the primary examiners, except in interference cases, until
after the application shall have been twice rejected ; and
the second examination of the application by the primary
examiner shall not be had until the applicant, in view of
the reference-* given on the first rejection, shall have re-
newed the oath of invention, as piovided for in the seventh
section of the act entitled " An actio promote the progress
of the useful arts, and to repeal all act* and parts of acts
heretofore made for that puipose," approved July 4,183G.
Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further enacted, 'That the salary of the
Commissioner of Patents, from and alter the close of the
piesent fiscal year, shall be $4,500 per aimum, and the
salary of the chief clerk of the Patent Office shall be §2,500.
Sec. 5. Jlnd he it further enacted, That the Commissioner
of Patents is authorized to restore to the respective appli-
cants, or when not removed b> them, to otherwise dispose
or'such of tile models belonging to rijyeted applications as
he shall not t>.mk necessary to by preserved- The same
authority is aUo given m relation to all models accompany-
ing applications for designs. He is furtb«r authorized to
dispense, in future, with models of designs, when the de-
sign can be sufficiently represented by a drawing.
