I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
257
36tii Cons.... 1st Sess.
Territorial Policy of the Government—Mr. Eliot.
Ho. op Reps.
lation of honor and of compact, consummated by
the passage of the Kansas-Nebraska bill, followed
quickly, as it has been, by territorial outrages and
by judicial or extra-judicial action, as surely in-
dicates that the party must die, as the ax at the
root of the settler's tree foretells its fall. At once
the anti-slavery sentiment of the whole nation was
aroused. It was felt and proclaimed here in Con-
gress, that no compromises could be relied on.
Those who had sustained the action of 1850 de-
clared themselves fully exonerated from that day,
and political aspirants for the power which the
people hold in their own gift as well as the think-
ing and reflecting1 men all over the land who sought
no political advancement, united in condemning
the Democratic rescission of the line of freedom
as a wanton and gratuitous aggression of the
southern interest, in defiance of acorrtpact wfiose
consideration had been fully enjoyed.
From that moment the Republican party camc
into conscious life. The people demanded it.
And the people intend that the party shall do its
proper work. It is not a work of aggression, but
of defense. But no threat can intimidate, and no
denunciation can repress it. The simple truth is,
that the people of the United States demand that
the theory of this Government shall be carried
into practice. The theory of the Government is
anti-slavery. The Government is pro-slavery.
The free people of the United States demand that
the rights of the slaveholder shall be recognized
only where the State laws lecognize them. The
Government has declared that thoscf rights exist,
without law; that wherever the master leads his
slave upon the lands of the United States, and
within the Territories of the Union, there the
rights of the master must be protected under
the .Constitution. And, what is still more bold
and daring, the southern Democratic statesman
avows, and the northern President declares, that
no power upon the earth—not the people within
the Territory, nor the Congress of the United
States, nor any other tribunal, legislative or judi-
cial—can do an act, or say an effective word to
interfere with or dimmish the vested rights of the
sovereigns of the land to carry their vassal slaves
where they will, within the public lands or the
organized Territories of the Union. Nor is this
the whole that must be said now to the slave
power of the Government and its supporters.
The southern party, sectional always, is not
content with argument. The Representatives
upon this floor have not stopped upon logic, or
rested upon the reason of their faith. Their mod-
est proposition is: We are right and your are
wrong. You must disband, no matter whether
ou represent a majority or a minority of the peo-
ple of the United States; but if you do not disband,
and let us keep the Government and its patron-
age and power, we will shatter the Union, and
destroy, if we cannot govern, the United States.
The election of a Republican President is of itself
an act of such aggicssion upon our vested rights
that we will not submit to the deep disgrace in-
volved in its consummation."
Gentlemen, that remains to be proved. But
surely it is time to discontinue these threats of
disunion. I wonder if gentlemen remember when
these threats began. There is nothing in them
new or original. I will give you one of early
date. The following notice was published in a
Virginia paper, under date of July 31, 1795:
" Notice is hereby given, that m case the treaty entered in-
to by that damned arch traitor, John Jay, with the British
tyiant, should be ratified, a petition will be presented to the
next (Jeneral Assembly of Virginia, at their next session,
praying that the said State may recede from the Union, and
be undei the government of one hundred thousand free and
independent Virginians.
" i\ S. As it H the wish of the people of the said State
to enter into a treaty of amity, commerce, and navigation,
with any State or States of the present Union, who are
averse to returning again under the galling yoke of Great
Britain, the printers of thy (at piesent) United States are
requested to publish the above notification. Richmond,
July 31, 1795.:>
Mr. Chairman, the President of the United
States was at that time a "Virginian. He knew
that words were sometimes things. He knew that
certain words a brother Virginian had recently
uttered, declaring certain inalienable rights which
man had received from God, were'words which
were full of life, and could impart life. But he
New Series—No. 17.
was a man not of action only, but of intuition; and
he knew that words were some times vox et pretvrea
nihil, and the treaty was ratified which John Ad-
ams and Benjamin Franklin and John Jay had
made. And the Union did not slide; and the one
hundred thousand free and independent Virginians
remained within the Union, free and independent
still.
Mr. Chairman, we all know something of the
history of John Jay, that arch traitor! He was
a Black Republican; that is what John Jay was.
But Washington rather liked him; for he was a
good deal of a Black Republican also ! "Wash-
ington offered him any office that he desired. And
it will not bo forgotten that he was the first man
who filled the office of Chief Justice of the Su-
preme Court of the United States. There have
been few men in that chair since his appointment
who have been his equals. Indeed, the history
of that court will show that, with the exception
of a very few years, that office has been filled by
three men—Jay, Marshall, and Taney. Do you
think that Jay would have indorsed the message
of the President to us? No, sir; he was too arch
a traitor, I fear. Hear him:
"Little can be added to what ha? been said and written
on the subject of slavery. I concur in the opinion that it
ought not to be introduced nor permitted in any ol the new
Suite?!, and that it ought to be giaduallv diminished and
finally abolished in all of them. To mc, the constitutional
authonty of Congiess to prohibit the migration and im-
poitation of slaves into any of the States does not appear
questionable. The first article ot the Constitution specifies
the legislative powers committed to the Congress. The
ninth section of that article has these words; < The migra-
tion or importation of such persons a* any of the tio\v ex-
isting States shall think put per to admit, shall not by piohLb-
itcd bv the Congress prior to the year 180S liut a tax or
duty may be imposed on such imputations, not exceeding
ten dollars lor each person.'
u I uncloi.->Tand the t-en-e and meaning of this elausc to
be, that the power of the Consress, although competent to
prohibit the migration and impoitatiori, \\ as not to he exet-
euecl with lespect to ihe then existing States ^and tho>c
only) until the year18h8 ; hut that the Congies-- w^ie at l.b-
e;ty to make Mich prohibition as to any new State winch
might, in the mean time, be established ; and further, that
from and alter that period they were authouzed to make
sue!) prohibition as to all the States, whether new or old.
It will, i presume, be admitted that slaves were the peisons j
intended. The word«Zu:yes wa* avoided piobably on ac- '
count of the existing toleration of shiver}', and ot diseoid-
ancy with the principles or the Revolution, and from the
consciousness ot its being repugnant to the following posi-
tions in the Declaration of Independence : ' We hold these
truths to be self-evident—that all men are created equal;
that they are endowed by their ('rcator with eci tain inalien-
able lights; th.it among them aie life, libeity,and the pur-
suit of happiness.' "
Sir, these doctrines of John Jay, as they pre-
ceded, so they will outlive, the modern doctrines
recently declared by the successors of John Jay
from the same chair.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman tell us
from what authority he is reading?
Mr. ELIOT. I am reading from what I believe
to be an extract from Mr. Jay's writings.
Mr. MAYNARD. But which of Jay's writ-
ings is the extract taken from ?
Mi. ELIOT. If the gentleman will call upon
me by and by, I will go into the Library with
him, and endeavor to satisfy him.
Mr. MAYNARD. I was asking iM>t for my
own individual benefit, but for the benefit of the
country, which listens with pleasure to our
speeches.
Mr. ELIOT. The gentleman says he does not i
ask for his own benefit, but for the benefit of oth- j
ers who are ignorant. Now, if the gentleman !
knows where to find it, I will not stop at this j
time to instruct these ignorant people while my j
friend is himself quite familiar with the fact. |
Mr. Chairman, at this time, when the freemen j
in all the States of this Confederacy are pre- J
paring to inaugurate a new Administration, it is j
of some importance to determine by the record I
who the men arc that mean to enforce the princi- |
pies of the fathers, and who they are that disre- j
gard and nullify them. 1
The Democratic party proposes to elect a Pres- j
ident upon a southern platform. The Republican
party proposes to clect a President upon a plat-
form that was consecrated by the founders of the
Government, and upon principles that have been
always recognized until desperate counsels com-
pelled revolutionary action, and political heresies
have come to be regarded as the truth of history.
There is not one doctrine of the Republican party
that docs-not find its origin in the confessed and
recorded judgment of the wise statesmen who
decreed that it had been " the pride and boast of
America that the rights for which she contended
were the rights of human nature."
There is not one doctrine of the southern party
which we deny, so far as it concerns the vital
question of human freedom, that does not conflict
with the declared faith of the very men who are
vouched as their ancient teachers and guides.
Let us see how true these propositions arc. It
is wholly in vain for politicians from the North or
the South to discharge their anathemas against
the historic scripture which has come down tou&n
from the prophets of the past. Wo stand upon the
record, and the people will not be slow to judge
which they will choose.
Our earliest legislative anti-slavery society was
our first continental Congress. On the 5th of
September, 1774, they sought to prohibit the im-
port and purchase of slaves after the 1st*day of
December, 1774, and to decree, by an article of
their association, that they would discontinue the
slave trade, and neither be concerned in it them-
selves, nor hire vessels nor sell commodities to
such as were concerned in it. On the 19th of
April, 1784, the first territorial report was made,
Mr. Jefferson, of Virginia, and Mr. Chase, of
Maryland, were two of the three members of the
committee who made the report. By the terms
of that report it was provided that, after 1800,
" No slavery nor involuntary servitude should exist in
any of the said States, otherwise than in the punishment of
crimes, whereof the party shall have been convicted to be
personally gmlty."
This report covered all cessions made and an-
ticipated, and called for a division of the whole
land into seventeen States, of which eight were to
be below the falls of the Ohio, and nine above
them. The report referred to them as44 States,"
although then existing as Territories. Six Slates
and sixteen m mbers voted for this report, and
three States and seven members voted against it.
The Articles of Confederation required nine States
to vote affirmatively,and therefore the proposition
did not succeed. Mr. Jefferson, of Virginia, and
Mr. Spaighf, of North Carolina, voted in the af-
firmative. Three years after this, the ordinance
of Nathan Dane was passed for the government
of the Northwestern Territories, embodying the
anti-slavery clause in the language of Mi\ Jeffer-
son. It will be remembered that, at this time,
North and South Carolina and Georgia had not
ceded the territories within their boundaries to
the United States.
During this same year, 1787, the Constitution
of the United States was adopted, and by the
several States it was afterwards ratified. No ar-
gument is required to prove that the statesmen
who assumed to control the question of slavery
in the Territories at that day were not the advo-
cates of the principles of the Cincinnati platform,
and could not have assented to the proposed doc-
trines of18G0.
By the terms of the cessions made by Georgia
and North and South Carolina, the Territories
ceded were to remain slave Territories; and there-
fore, Tennessee, Mississippi, and Alabama, be-
came slave States. But no statesman of that day
contended that Congress had not the power to
protect the magnificent wilderness of the North-
west from the baleful effects of domestic slavery.
That is the doctrine of Mr. Calhoun, and of more
recent converts to principles which Mr. Benton
prophetically called "firebrands." It is one of
the purposes of the Republican party to extin-
guish those firebrands forever.
Mr. Chairman, the territorial policy initiated
before the adoption of the Constitution in 1784,
and recognized by the action of 1787, was main-
tained unswervingly and unquestioned until about
the period of Mr. Calhoun's resolutions, in 1847.
That policy has been confirmed by sixty-three
years of substantial national legislation, initiated
by the South, approved, maintained, and enforced
by the South. But, m these latter days, we of
the Republican party are notified that if we do
not repudiate and abandon that doctrine which
lies at the foundation of our political organiza-
tion, and especially if we shall make the doctrine
