1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2643
requiring the introduction into free territory of
persons who are already slaves, or to prohibit sla-
very by excluding from that territory those who
arc there as slaves, then it was still more plain that
Congress, under the Constitution, has no power
to make a slave out of a freeman, or a freeman
out of a slave.
But, sir, my colleague now seems to hav« dis-
covered that it is altogether within the pale of the
Constitution to affect tho condition of an African
by congressional legislation, and to reduce an
African free negro to the condition of quasi-sla-
very. That great power of sovereignty, which
even the States shrink from exercising—the power
of changing the condition of a freeman or a slave
—this power, sir, without any grant in the Con-
stitution, is to be exercised by the Congress of the
United States, in the effort to reduce freemen—
freemen undei the laws of the United States—to
the condition of actual slavery, but which my
colleague mildly terms a condition of quasi-sla-
very.
Mr. LEAKE. I do not want to argue this
question now; I did that some time ago; but if
my colleague will permit mo, 1 will put a ques-
tion to him.
Mr. MILLSON. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. LEAKE. My colleague talks of reducing
a freeman to a condition of qrttasi-slavery. i wish
he would tell us in what condition are the seven-
teen hundred Africans now in the southern district
of Florida, who have been taken from a slave
ship and consigned to the walls of a slave dungeon
erected by the United States Government? Is
their condition that of quasi-slavery, and if so,
how docs my colleague propose to set these cap-
tured Africans free ?
Mr. MILLSON. My colleague, who asks the
question, would hardly agree that the enlarged
notions of freedom, which he suggests, should be
reduced to practice by the Government of the
United States in its treatment of these captured
Africans. lie would scarcely desire that these
captured Africans should be allowed the enjoy-
ment of their native freedom, and, m the full fru-
ition of this inestimable privilege, left to perish of
hunger, or to be devoured by wild beasts. Would
that, sir, better accord with the notion of freedom
that my colleague has suggested,than the course
of treatment adopted by the Government of the
United States? They are subjected only to those
restraints which humanity imposes and requires.
Infants, boys, and girls of tender years, they are
not to be at liberty to roam wherever they please.
The State of Florida would protest against it.
Every southern State would protest against it.
Although some gentleman did propose that they
should not be forced to go back to Africa against
their will, yet I venture to say that there is
scarcely a slaveholding State in this Union which
would notprghibit the landing of some twelve or
fifteen hundred free negroes, to remain there as
residents, and especially such rude, savage, un-
civilized free negroes as these captured Africans
me. Would the State of Alabama permit them
to remain there as free negroes ? Would the State
of South Carolina permit them to remain there as
free negroes? Not one of them would. I know
that Virginia would never consent to it. If they
are not,then, to remain as free negroes, tell me by
what authority this Government can make slaves
of them ?
I say that I was much struck with the propo-
sition of my colleague. I was much surprised at
the implication of power in this Government to
make slaves of freemen, or to make freemen of
slaves; and if he still maintains the constitution-
ality of this mode of treatment, I ask him to tell
*ne in what clause of the Constitution he finds it.
He cannot find it. If it results, as it must, then,
necessarily result, from the general relation be-
tween the States and the Federal Government,
then I beg leave to suggest to him this startling
consequence: if, under the general relation be-
tween the States and the Federal Government, in
the absence of any constitutional grant, Congress
possesses the powerto make slavesof freemen, it
would also possess the power to make freemen of
slaves. Look to gentlemen upon the Republican
side of the House. Sir, I believe a doctrine like
that would hardlybesupported even byanymem-
oer of the Republican party. There may be some
enthusiastic, fanatical Abolitionist in the country
who believes that the power of Congress extends
to the emancipation of the slaves even in the
States; but I do not believe that the gentleman
will find a solitary member^on the Republican
side of this House who will claim for Congress
authority to emancipate a slave within the States.
Yet, sir, my colleague virtually claims the correl-
ative authority of the United'States to make,
within the States, slaves of freemen.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I wish to put a
question to my colleague. It is this: I want him
to tell this House whether the compulsory return
of these negroes to Africa is an act recognizing'
their freedom or slavery?
Mr. MILLSON. If I understand the question
of my colleague, he asks me whether the compul-
sory return of these Africans to Africa is an act
recognizing their freedom or slavery? I retort
upon my colleague this question,and in it hewill
find the answer to his own: if a pirate be cap-
tured, and there be found on board the piratical
craft a number of children who had fallen into the
hands of that pirate, is the involuntary return of
those children to their homes abroad an act of
freedom or of slavery?
Sir, these men are sent home because you can-
not make any other disposition of them. In the
absence of all legislation on the subject; m the ab-
sence of ahy express constitutional authority, the
comity of nations would require that men who
have come into your possession shall not be
placed in a worse condition, by the exercise of your
power, than they were in before. You have taken
these negroes from the custody of men engaged
in the slave trade. They were about to be sent
to Cuba. There they would have been reduced
to slavery; but tlu-y would have been provided
with food and clothing and shelter. You took
them from the possession of those who were sup-
porting them and supplying their natural wants.
Then you say that we have no power to make
provision for giving them the subsistence and sup-
port which they were in the enjoyment of when
w took possession of them. This is cruel mercy.
You must send them to Afiica, because you can-
not do anything else. You can not help yourselves.
Mr. Speaker, if there be any method of pre-
venting the recurrence of such exigencies as now
exist, it is only by executing the laws punishing
those engaged in the slave trade. But, as well at
the North as in the South, these trials have always
ended in acquittal, and sometimes against tfie
clearest and strongest evidence.
If there be any diseased feeling abroad which
prompts a jury or a judge to sympathize with the
culprit who has been arrested in the prosecution
of this infamous traffic, 1, at least, do not sym-
pathize with him; and I say to those gentlemen
who now object to the expenditure of the neces-
sary amount of money to carry these men back
to the coast from which they were taken, that if
there were an effective administration of the laws
there would be less frequent occasion for our being
called upon to make appropriations out of the
public Treasury.
My colleague, however, would have them dis-
charged, if not within the limits of southern States,
yet within the limits of the northern States. I
ask by what authority may the Congress of the
United States, or any part of this Government,
throw upon either a northern or a southern State
twelve or fifteen hundred foreign paupers? It is
only a few years ago when a portion of the peo-
ple whom I represent complained, and justly com-
plained, that the Governmentof the United States
arrested the men engaged with William Walker j
in a descent upon the territory of the friendly i
Power of Nicaragua, brought them to the port j
of Norfolk, and there discharged them. One hun- j
dred and fifty or two hundred men were there |
discharged, without means, without money, and j
lefi to the chanty of the people of the neighbor- |
hood. We had'then the right to complain, and |
we did complain, that the Government of the |
United States, which brought these men to Nor- .
folkm a national ship, did not send them back to .
the jurisdiction from which they had escaped, and j
surrender them into the custody of the law. But '
they were simply brought back and landed as j
paupers upon the coast of Virginia, without any t
provision for their support. j
Now, sir, the disposition of these Africans pro- j
vided for by this bill is the only one that can be j
made. There is no occasion for sensitiveness or j
jealousy upon this subject. It involves no issue j
in reference to which the parties of this country
differ from one another.
I have before declared that the principle upon
which the system of slavery now existing rn the
southern States is founded demands a condemna-
tion of the slave trade, and every argument by
which the slave trade is sought to be justified is
an argument directed against the justice of this
system. Those who would make the African
slave trade and the system of domestic slavery
stand upon the same foundation, and justify or
oppose them by the same considerations, wholly
misunderstand the subject; for I hold myself
ready to demonstrate that the very grounds upon
which our system of slavery is justifiable demand
the suppression of the African sla've trade.
Mr. LEAKE. I find that the first section of
this bill provides:
"That it shall and maybe lawful for the President ot'the
United States to enter into contract with any person or per-
sons, society or societies, or body corporate", tor a term not
exceeding five years, to receive from the United States,
thiough theii duly constituted agent or agents, upon the
coast of Afiica,all ncgioes. mulattos, or persons of color,
delivered from on hoard ve^ek seized in the prosecution
of the slave trade by commanders of the United States
armed vessel^ and to provide the said negroes, mulattoes,
and persons ot color, with comfortable clothing, shelter, and
provisions for a peuod not exceeding one year from the
date of their being landed on thf coast of Africa, at a price
in no case to exceed one bundled dollars foi each person so
clothed, sheltered, and piovided with food : ProrwWjThat
any contract so made as alorcaaid may be renewed by the
President from time to time as found necessary for periods
not to exceed five years on each renewal."
The point to which 1 wish to invite the .atten-
tion of my colleague is that, under that provis-
ion and that proviso, the President of the United
States maycontinue to supply these persons with
necessary food and clothing as long as they shall
live. There is no limit to the time, and therefore
the contracts may, after the expiration of tho first
term, be renewed indefinitely. Now, I ask my
colleague if he can support a provision like that?
Mr. MILLSON. Does not my colleague see,
does not my colleague know, ilmt from llie found-
ation of the world there is a difference between
the means and the extremes? Does not my col-
league know, that, from the beginning, night has
been different from day, and light from darkness;
and although it may not be within the power of
any man to say what is the precise moment when
day ceases and night begins, is there no differ-
ence, in the nature of things, between night and
day, or light and darkness? I put the question
to my colleague. When these Africans are cap-
tured, will you, the moment afterwaids, throw
them into the sea? I ask my colleage to answer
this question.
Mr. LEAKE. No, sir; and let me give my
reasons. I did not expect, let me say, that my
colleague would demand a categorical answer,
yes or no, to such a question. I would not throw
them into the sea; but I hold that the Federal
Government has discharged all her obligations
the moment she has rescued those persons from
actual servitude upon a slaver,and returned them
to the African coast. But this idea of establish-
ing a colony, to continue as long as tho latest
survivor of these seventeen hundred Africans
shall live, I hold to be an idea that nobody can
concur in.
Pardon me for observing that I do not believe
that this Government has any power whatever
to interfere with the slave trade between foreign
Governments. It is where the trade is between
this Government and others that the right to in-
terfere is given by the Constitution.
Mr. MILLSON. My colleague would not
plunge them into the sea. He would give them
breakfast; and pray, why not dinner ? And when
you have supplied them dinner, why not give
them supper? Are they to be permitted to feast
at the expense of the Government for only one
single day, and are tiiey afterwards to be thrown
into the sea, orare they to be battened down under
the hatches, and then left to starvp to death ?
Mr. LEAKE. J once heard a minister of the
Gospel say, in preaching, thataman might be per-
fect forever: for he might be perfect one moment;
and if perfect one moment, why should he not be
perfect four moments? and if for four moments,
why not a day? and if a day, why not a year* and
if a year, why not for twenty years? and if for
twenty years, why not his whole life? So, there-
fore, if my colleague can live one moment with-
out food, why cannot he live two? and if two mo-
