1700
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 13,
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the tenth section
of the act approved the 3d of March, 1837, authorizing the
appointment of agents for the transportation of models and
specimens to the Patent Office, is hereby repealed.
Sec. 7. And he it further enacted, That the Commissioner
is further authorized, from time to time to appoint, in the
manner already provided for by law, such an additional
number of principal examiners, first assistant examiners,
and second assistant examiners as may be required to trans-
act the current business of the office with dispatch, pro-
vided the whole number of additional examiners shall not
exceed four of each class, and that the total annual expenses
ofthe Patent Office shall not exceed the annual receipts.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioner
may require all papers filed in the Patent Office to be cor-
rectly, legibly, and clearly written, or printed at the cost of
the parties filing such papers; and for gross misconduct he
may refuse to recognize any person as a patent agent, either
generally or in any particular case; but the rgasons of the
Commissioner for such refusal shall be duly recorded, and
subject to the approval of the President of the United States,
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That no money paid
as a fee on any application for a patent after the passage of
this act shall be withdrawn or refunded, nor shail the fee
paid on filing a caveat be considered as part of the sum re-
quired to be paid on filing a subsequent application for a
patent for the same invention. v
That the three months' notice given to any caveator, in
pursuance of the requirements of the twelfth section of the
aetof July 4,1836, shall be computed from the day on which
such notice is deposited in the post office at Washington,
with the regular time for the transmission of the same
added thereto, which time shall be indorsed on the notice ;
and that so much of the thirteenth section of the act of
Congress, appioved July 4, 1836, as authorizes the annex-
ing to letters patent of the deseiiption and specification of
additional improvements is hereby repealed, and in all cases
of additional improvements, a separate patent shall be is-
sued. *
Sec. 10. And be it farther cnactcd, That all laws now
in force fixing the rates of the Patent Office fees to be
paid, and discriminating between the inhabitants of the
United States and those of other countries, aie hereby re-
pealed, and in their stead the following rates are established:
On filing each cavcat, ten dollars; on filing each original
application for a patent except for a design, twenty dollars;
on issuing each original patent, ten dollar's; on eveiy appeal
from the examinors-in-chief to the Commissions, twenty
dollars: on every application for a patent for a design, fifteen
dollars; on every application for the reissue ot a patent,
thirty dollars; on every application for the extension of a
patent, fifty dollars; and fifty dollais, in addition, on the
granting of every extension; on filing each disclaimer, ten
dollars; for certified copies of patents, and so loi ih, twelve
cent* per hundred words; for recording every assignment,
agreement, power of attorney, and so forth, of three hundred
words or under, one dollar; for recordingevery assignment,
and so forth, over three hundred and under one thousand
words, two dollars; for recording eveiyassignmentorother
writing, if over one thousand words, three dollars; for copies
of drawings, the reasonable cost of making the same.
Sec. 11. •And be it further enacted, That all applications
for patents shall be completed and prepared for examina-
tion within two years alter the filing of the petition, and in
default thereof, they shall be regarded as abandoned by the
parties thereto; and all applications for the extension of
patents shall be filed at least ninety days before the e.\pua-
tton thereof; and notice of th« day set fin the heating of
the case shall be published, as now requited by law, lor at
least sixty days.
Sec. J 2. And be it further enacted, That in all cases whcie
an article is made or vended by any person under the pro-
tection of letters patent, it shall be the duty of Mich person
to give sufficient notice to the public that said article is so
patented, either by stamping theieon the woui patented,
together with the day and year the patent was gi anted ; or
when, from the ehaiaeter of the aiticle patented, that may
be impracticable, in the judgment of the Commissioner of
Patents, by enveloping one ot more of the said at tides, and
affixing a label to the package, or otherwise attaching
thereto a label on which the notice, with the date, is printed;
on failure of winch, in any suit for the infringement ot let-
ters patent by the party failing so to label ot stamp the ar-
ticle the right to which is infringed upon, no damage shall
be recovered by the plaintiff except on proof that the de-
fendant was duly notified ot the infringement, and con-
tinued after such notice to make or vend the article pat-
ented. And the sixth scction of the act entitled " An act
in addition to < An actto promote the progress ofthe useful
arts,' " and so forth, approved th«29th day of August, 18-12,
be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That all act-* and paita
of acts heretofore passed which aie inconsistent with thp
provisions of this act be, and the same are hereby, re-
pealed.
Mr. BIGLER. I desire to make a few unim-
portant amendments before the Senate votes on
the substitute reported by the committee. In sec-
tion ten, line twenty, line twenty-three, and line
twenty-five of the substitute, I propose to strifife
out the words " and so forth, and insert the
words "and other papers."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. BIGLER. I propose another amendment,
in section eleven, line five, after the word "there-
to," to insert: "unless it be shown to the satisfac-
tion of the Commissioner of Patents that such
delay was unavoidable; nor shall this section be i
construed to apply to applications now pending;" '
so that the scction will read:
And he it further enacted, Thatail applications for patents
shall be completed and prepared for examination within two
years after the filing of the petition; and in default thereof,
they shall be regarded as abandoned by the parties thereto,
unless it be shown to the satisfaction of the Commissioner
of Patents thai such delay was unavoidable; nor shall this
section he construed to apply to applications now pending;
and all applications for the extension of patents shall be
filed at least ninety days before the expiration thereof, &c.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It strikes me that amend-
ment ought not to be made. Surely, if we limit
those who are hereafter to file their applications
to two years, there is no propriety in allowing
those who have already filed them, more than two
years. Why should you exclude those who have
already filed their applications from the operation
of the law? It is a mere limitation. You pro-
pose to limit the rights of these parties to two years
—to require them to offer their applications within
two years—and you make this prospective to all
applications hereafter to be filed; and now an
amendment is offered allowing those who have
already filed their applications more than two
years to perfect them. There is no propriety in
that. If they have already filed their applications,
•and have the same length of time hereafter as a
person who hereafter files his application, it is all
any one can require. I think there should be no
such exception as that. On the contrary, in pass-
ing limitation laws, it is frequently the case—where
we limit the right of action, for instance, to five
years, on causes of action hereafter arising—that
it is provided that, for the causes of action that
have heretofore existed, two years shall be the
limitation; but nobody ever thought of giving those
who previously had a cause of action a longer
time than was given in favor of those who should
hereafter acquire a right of action. I think the
amendment ought not to be adopted.
Mr. BIGLER. One suggestion to the Senator.
There are cases pending where this section might
operate hardly. The Senator from Illinois will
observe that there mi^ht be some difficulty about
the construction of this section. It is not clear
that it would be held to be applicable to cases here-
tofore presented. There are cases pending now,
that, as he has remarked very truly, have been
there for much more than two years; and it is sug-
gested that, in some cases, it can be shown that
the delay has been unavoidable; that it has been
no fault of the applicant; nothing over which he
had any control that caused the delay. Now, this
section provides that, after the term of two years,
an application, if not perfected, shall be regarded
as abandoned. I suggest to the Senator that a
change in the language of the amendment might
perhaps meet his views.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Limitation huvs have never
been construed to have a retroactive operation.
Mr. BIGLER. I suggest these words: " that
cases now pending shall be treated as original
applications."
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to
that, of course.
Mr. BIGLER. That would give the cases now
pending two years, and that is all that is desired.
1 will, therefore, modify the amendment to read,
" that cases now pending shall be treated as ori-
ginal applications." That meets the difficulty
presented by the Senator from Illinois. That will
give two years from the passage of the act for
these cases.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the amendment to the amendment can be
so modified. The Secretary will read the amend-
ment, as modified.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
In scction eleven, lino five, after the word "thereto,,1
insert: " all cases now pending shall be treated as original
applications."
The amendment to the amondment was agreed
to.
Mr. BIGLER. I propose to amend section
twelve, in line eight, after the word" impractica-
ble, "by strikineout the words "in the judgment
of the Commissioner of Patents;" because the
judgment ofthe Commissioner of Patents would
not be susceptible of proof.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. BIGLER. Now, if I can get the attention
of the Senate, I will go over the main features of
this bill, and endeavor to explain them 
Mr. SIMMONS. I should like to call the at-
tention of the chairman of the Patent Office Com-
mittee to a provision here with reference to appli-
cations for patents for design. It is m the twelfth
and thirteenth lines of the tenth scction. I think
the committee struck out the power of patenting
designs, and, of course, that being the case, we
ought not to leave any fees for them. I think
there are no designs patentable by the provisions
of the bill; but I see there is a fee here for that.
I think it would be proper to strike out the twelfth
and thirteenth lines of the tenth section, fixing a
fee for a patent for a design. You cannot patent
a design under the bill as it is amended.
Mr. BIGLER. There are designs under the
old law.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senators will
pause. The Chair must call up the business set
apart for to-day.
Mr. BIGLER. I hope the Senate will post-
pone the regular order for, sa'y, half an hour. I
move to postpone the order of the day until two
o'clock.
Mr. IVERSON. I object to that. I shall con-
sent to let the Senator have half an hour, if he will
agree that at the end of that time he will not press
the subject longer.
The VICE PRESIDENT. What is the mo-
tion of the Senator from Pennsylvania?
Mr. BIGLER. To postpone the regular order
until two o'clock; but I will modify it, and say
half past one o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair calls
up the Private Calendar, the regular order for this
hour. The Senator from Pennsylvania moves to
postpone it until half past one o'clock, to consider
this bill.
Mr. HAMLIN. I am disposed to aid the Sen-
ator fiom Pennsylvania in getting along with his
bill, but I do not think it is within the scope of pos-
sibility for him to get it through in another hour.
There arc several objections to the bill, which
will certainly occasion some discussion, and I
hope the Senator will not press it now. He will
press it against the friends of the bill, if lie is dis-
posed to do so. I want to amend the bill in the
tenth section. If I understand that scction, it
provides for reciprocity in invention. 1 want to
confine that reciprocity to those nations that will
give reciprocity to us. In other words, I want to
add after the word "countries," in the fourth
line, the words " which shall not discriminate
against the inhabitantsof theUnited States;" and
there are several amendments to be offered by
gentlemen around me. I hope it will not be
pressed now.
Mr. BIGLER. My object was to explain al
these matters. Prussia is the only country, ex-
cept the United States, that does discriminate
Canada has interdicted the issuing of patents to
Americans as a matter of retaliation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion to postpone the Private Calendar until
half past one o'clock, to continue this bill.
The motion was not agreed to.
DAVID MYERLE.
The first bill on the Private Calendar was the
bill (S. No. 118) for the relief of David Myerle.
Mr. CLARK. The Senator from Florida [Mr.
Mallory] had some interest in this bill. Ho is
absent from the city; and I hope it will be post-
poned until next private bill day.
Several Senators. Oh, no; let us pass it.
Mr. CLARK. I have no objection. I sup-
posed that the Senate would desire a postpone-
ment; but if it is desired to pass the bill now, I
shall not press the motion.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 hope it will be post-
poned. I do not know what interest that gentle-
man takes in it; but I could never myself see very
well how Mr. Myerle is entitled to §44,000. I
know something of his operations in Kentucky;
and how he has ever conferred benefit enough on
the State of Kentucky, or employed himself in
labor sufficient to earn $44,000, or half that sum,
I am entirely ignorant of; and it was just in my
neighborhood that he was sent to teach the peo-
ple of Kentucky how to manage and handle their
hemp. I renew the motion to postpone.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I-do not know what Mr.
Myerle himself wishesabout it. I understood that
the bill was coming up. I do not wish to oppose the
postponement, if the chairman of the Committee
on Claims [Mr. Iverson j thinks it best to post-
pone it. I only know that I have formed a vc y
decided opinion as to the matter, and that it -.p
probably familiar to most of the members of the
