680
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
he doe's; but let me suggest for his consideration
and that of other Senators, these facts: the Sen-
ator from Georgia shows that the power to con-
struct such works was asked for Congress in the
Federal convention. 1 defy any Senator to show
that the power was given. The Senator from
Georgia further shows that the power was ex-
pressly reserved to the States, with the consent
of Congress, to levy tonnage duties for the con-
struction of these improvements. He shows by
the cotetnporaneous debate that that was the
object of reserving this power to levy tonnage
duties. Then, in corroboration of these cotetn-
poraneous expositions of the Constitution and
the purpose of its framers to refuse to Congress
.power to make these improvements, and to leave
them to the States, we have the conduct of Con-
gress for the first thirty-four years of this Gov-
ernment. Up to 1824, no bill for such improve-
ment was passed. No appropriation for any
work of internal improvement was asked. While
the framers of the Constitution, the fathers of the
Republic lived, while they had tlieir seats on
either floor of Congress, no one dared to invoke
the aid of Congress and the use of the public purse
for the construction of these local improvement's.
It was after they had passed from the stage of ac-
tion, and new men of a second generation, who
had not participated in the framing of this Gov-
ernment and did not understand as well the pur-
pose of its makers and the intent and spirit of the
Constitution, that these improvements were un-
dertaken by Congress.
The Senator from Kentucky intimated, how-
ever, if I understood him, that it was because we
did not have the money to make the improve-
ments. There, again, I take issue with him. I '
think that at one period of our history previous
to that time we had a surplus revenue, and that
Mr. Jefferson suggested an amendment to the
Constitution, for the purpose of getting rid of the
excess of revenue; yet none of these improve-
ments were proposed.
Mr. President, I have said more than 1 intended
to say upon this subject. I shall avail myself of
an early opportunity to express my views on it,
and will endeavor to fortify, with such arguments
as I may use, the very able and excellent mes-
sage of the President.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, I have
been drawn very unexpectedly and very uninten- I
tionally into this debate. I have regretted, from
time to time, the obligation under which I felt to |
reply to gentlemen who have also engaged in it. !
I feel myself bound to make some little reply now
to what has been said by the gentleman from Ala-
bama.
The gentleman asks me, and with great em-
phasis, if 1 would have a President of the United
States perjure himself and violate Lis conscience.
This is an appeal to which I ought to make some
answer. I say, no; 1 would not. But, sir, I have
nothing to do with the President's conscience.
The Prrcident's conscience is not my ruler. That
is nut the dark oracle which I am to seek out, and
on which I am to depend for great constitutional
and, political questions. The President of the
United States, for instance, is sworn to see that
the laws are executed.. How does he do that?
His consciencc is bound to execute the laws, and
no law is referred to for doing it; there is no lim-
itation upon his power, but he is to see that the
laws arc executed. How is he to execute them?
To cxecute them according to the powers that are
granted him for the purpose. That is the way he
is to execute them. He takes this oath as the
President of the United States. He is sworn as
an officer. It is no appeal to his conscience. It
imposes on him an obligation to see that the laws,
as far as he can do so by the means that Con-
gress has placed in his hands, are executed; that
is all.
I have nothing to do with the conscicnce of the
President, When a law is executed, I do notgo
to him and say, you have violated your con-
science." The President says, 41 Congress has
given me no power, passed no law investing me
with the power; that is my excuse; it is not my
conscience that is appealed to; it is the laws of
the country, and my duty to execute them." He
is a mere political character. His conscience as
a man I nave nothing to do with: it is not my
ruler. The Constitution never made it my ruler.
The C6nstitution appointed him to perform cer-
tain duties specified by the Constitution or by the
laws of thp land, and appointed the means by
which these duties are to be performed. When
he sees that the officers? are in their place, he can
do no more. Now, sir, in this matter of the ex-
ercise of the veto power, what is his duty c I say
it does not depend merely on his conscience.
Suppose the Supreme Court of the land have set-
tled any question of law against the President's
conscience; suppose the Supreme Court had de-
cided expressly that Congress had power over
thi^ subject of internal improvements, and Con-
gress was to pass a bill asserting that power, and
lay it before the President: what becomes of the
President's conscience then, I will ask?
Mr. CLAY. In reply to my friend, I will state
that the Supreme Court of the United Stales has,
by the Constitution, the po\ver to construe that
instrument, and its judgment upon all matters
properly within its view, are, perhaps, obligatory
on all officers of the Government; but the people
of the United Srates have no power to construe
it, or, if they have, the Constitution points out
the mode in which it shall be exercised.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I am putting a question
to my friend as to the judgment of the Supreme
Court on a question of this very law, and he says
the President is to conform to it. Why? Be-
cause his conscience is informed by it. t)oes he
sacrifice his conscience in doing it? No, sir; he
obeys a political rule of action; that is the con-
stitutional rule. It is not his private individual
conscience. It is not, as he understands the Con-
stitution; it is fis the Constitution is understood
by the other departments of the Government who
have a right to understand it and a right to ex-
pound it. It is his duty, then, as a political agent,
and he is nothing more, to be governed by polit-
ical principles—not by what his private conscience
may dictate. The President would not sacrifice
his conscience in conforming to the decision of
the Supreme Court, and signing a bill against
which his conscience originally would have dic-
tated a dillerentcourse. That is the idea in which
I regard the Prcsident'of the United States as a
mere official character; and when I say he ought
to yield to the force of opinion as expressed by
Congress, to the will of Congress, to the judg-
ment of Congress, and if it can be superadded to
it, the judgment of the country on a question of
this sort, 1 but say he ought to yield to an au-
thority which, though less legally binding than
the judgment of the Supreme Com t of the United
States, is of a weight sufficient to control the dic-
tates of a private opinion. That is the, whole ex-
tent of my doctrine; and 1 ask him if he can find
anything to dissent from in that, cither in morals
or in polities'?
I have heard the gentleman's remarks, as I al-
ways do, with the greatest possible respect; they
are always worthy; but I think he has a little
confounded, m this instance, the character of a
President with the individual who occupies the
place. He is governed here by great political
principles; constitutional and legal rules; and they
arc to be followed, and not the crooked ways of
a man's own conscience. That is the way in
law. How is a judge to expound a law ? He
goes by the weight of authority. How is a Pres-
ident to act? By the weight of authority and
upon principle. When I appeal to principle to
decide in a conflict between the will of the legis-
lative department of the Government and the pres-
idential office, which ought to yield? On every
principle of fair political reason, to attain the ob-
jects of political government, ought not the exec-
utive branch of the Government to surrender its
veto, rather than Congress its legislative power?
That is the question I put. The gentleman may
be of one opinion, and I another; but I think he
cannot regard the opinion which I entertain upon
this subject as at all preposterous, or an opinion
I without some proper foundation. I think it is a
i sound one.
! The gentleman still supposes me to have said
j that the will of the people ought to rule. There
! are cases in which the will of the people ought to
govern; but surely I could not have been under-
stood to say that the will of the people is to take
the place of the Constitution. I explained at first,
I explained afterwards in reply to the gentleman
I from Georgia, that I meant by it, even upon a
{ question of construction, that where the mmd of
: the people had not been employed to set aside fhe
Constitution, and circumvent its object, but their
judgment had been elicited on a question of con-
struction as to its true meaning, that deserved the
consideration of the President of the United States.
Surely there is nothing objectionable in that. It
should be a weight in his mind, not a weight
against admitted law, but a weight upon the mind
of the President in forming his judgment of the
construction of the law. When a whole people
has come to one conclusion on a question of con-
struction, and the President, as a public officer^
upon political principles, and in conformity to the
principles of popular government, is to make up
his own opinion on that subject, I say it is but rea-
sonable, politic, and just, that the opinion of the
people should have great prepondciating influence;
that the opinion of the country against his own
individual opinion should sway his judgment—not
make him decide against his judgment, but sway
his own judgment, just as a judge allows his own
judgment to be swayed by the judgment of all
around him. That is all I have said, all I have
contended for; and I think the gentleman will find
no heresy in this.
Sir, as to whether this is a place proper for the
exercise of the power, in my judgment, is another
question. On that, I do not intend to occupy a
moment of the Senate in debate. I only wished
to state the principle on which I resist the Presi-
dent's veto.
Mr. BROWN. If other Senators do not pro-
pose to debate this question, and it leads to no
practical result, I move to lay the motion of the
Senator from Michigan on the table.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire that it should be
deferred until to-morrow.
Mr. CLAY. 1 raise a question of order. I
ask whether the motion to reconsider was in or-
der. I understand the motion is to reconsider a
vote 
Mr. CHANDLER. A vote which occurred at
the last meeting of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright
in the chair.) The motion is to reconsider the
vote ordering the document to be printed.
Mr. CLAY. The order has been executed:
and it has been more than three days.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Not three
legislative days.
*Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President 
Mr. BROWN. If my friend from Wisconsin
desires to debate the question, I move to postpone
it beyond to-morrow, because I have some reso-
lutions that I want to get up to-morrow. ["Go
i on now !"] Does the Senator propose to speak
j now ?
I Mr. DOOLITTLE. It will not be very mate-
j rial to me Whether I submit what I have to say
! to-day or not.
; Mr. BROWN. I suppose no Senator desires
| to speak after half past four o 'clock. If the Sen-
i ator from Wisconsin desires to discuss this ques-
! tion, I propose to postpone it to a day beyond to-
morrow, because to-morrow I desire to have a
vote on my resolutions, and then I know the reso-
lutions moved by my colleague will come up on
Wednesday at one o'clock.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the honorable Senator
will say Wednesday or Thursday next, I hare no
objection.
Mr. BROWN. I have no objection to that.
Mr. GREEN. Allow me to make a suggestion.
The resolutions offered by the two Senators from
Mississippi have so much resemblance, so many
points of agreement, that the subjects ought all
to be considered together; and I think,therefore,
the resolutions of the Senator from Mississippi
[Mr. Brown] had better go over to Wednesday,
and come up as an amendment, or otherwise; and
I make the motion that this subject be made the
order for to-morrow, in lieu of the resolutions of
the Senator from Mississippi, and that the Senator
from Mississippi may bring up his resolutions on
Wednesday, m comparison with and to be con-
sidered at the same time with the resolutions of-
fered by his colleague.
Mr. DOOLIT1vLE. I would hardly ask to
have the subject laid over at all on my account;
for what I desire to submit will occupy but a very
few^moments. Besides, I understand that tho
honorable Senator from Vermont is expecting to
submit some observations to-morrow on the reso-
lutions of the Senator from Mississippi, and J
would not like to interfere with that, understand-
