1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
' r! 1 i
1701
Senate. I do not want-to interpose any objection
to it, if the chairman thinks it best to postpone it,
or any other member of the Committee on Claims
thinks so, but I am ready to act upon it to-day.
Mr. IVERSON. I dicl not hear the Senator
from Kentucky express a reason why he desired
to have this case postponed. I do not understand
that there is any reason for its postponement.
The Senator from Kentucky has not expressed a
desire to examine it. I apprehend he is familiar
with all the facts of the case It is an old cus-
tomer; has been here along while; and 1 presume
the Senator cannot plead ignorance of the case. 1
hope the motion will not prevail; but theft the case
will be considered to-day. The -Senate is in a
condition to understand it and decide it to-day as
well as it will be next Friday, or any other time.
It is not important that the Senator from Florida,
who reported this bill, should be here. He does
not desire to be present, particularly. He has
made a report, which I think is quite sufficient to
enlighten the Senate as to the facts of the case,
and the principle on which the claim is based. I
hope the motion will not prevail, and that the hill
will be acted upon. It has been here for a long
time. I think there have been seventeen reports
made by committees, all favorable to this claim.
The claimant has been prosecuting it for sixteen
years at least—I think more than sixteen years;
and I apprehend that the whole Senate is familiar
with the facts. There can be no good reason, I
think, why it should be postponed to another day.
It was postponed last Friday until to-day, upon
the motion of some Senator; and now it is to be
postponed again; and postponement has been the
universal cry that has beset this claimant from
the time he has presented his claim to Congress
until the present day. You postpone,, and post-
pone until the old man will sink into the grave,
and never getadollar for the important service he
rendered the Government. I trust the Senate will
not consent to postpone it.
Mr. CLARK. I desire to say one word in
regard to this motion to postpone, having made it
originally. I did not do so to express any hos-
tility to the bill, but simply to get the aid of the
Senator from Florida. I supposed the friends of
the bill might desire to have his aid. If it is
thought better to pass it now, I have no objection.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I have not been able to
take any active part about this bill. I understand
this old gentleman is now an aged man, and in
-<reat affliction. I have not the heart to take any
active part in saying anything about it. I under-
stood, however, from the gentleman who made
ibis ^lotion, that the Secretary of the Navy had
iesired this subject to be postponed.
Mr. CLARK. Mr. Mallory, the head of the
Naval Committee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He made the report, and
is aosont.
Mr. CLARK. I supposed he might flesire to
have it postponed.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I did not want to say any-
thing about it; and if the sum were less than it is
represented to me, I should not feel disposed to say
anything under the circumstances. This claim
nas been here a long time. It is an old acquaint-
ance. It has been here for twenty years—I speak
from general recollection—it cannot have been
hero less. That is no great evidence, I think, of
the validityor justice of the claim. It would have
been allowed long ago, if it had stood upon a clear
foundation. I can state to the Senate, from recol-
lection, the origin of this claim. It was asked,
of course, how came Mr. Myerlc by any claim
upon the United States; by whom was he ap-
pointed, and for what was he appointed? He
was not appointed by the United States. There
was no law for such an employment, or such an
office. The Secretary of the Navy undertook to
make a bargain with him, and sent him to Ken-
tucky, as I said, to teach the people how to water-
rot their hemp. It was a private arrangement
between them, the Secretary of the Navy having
no more authority to make that employment than
1 had. Mr. Myerle was these, damming up and
showing the people how to dfmi up little streai -\s,
and how to put hemp into the water and take it
out again; and he remained there one or two
years, practicing and teaching about the counties
of Woodford and Fayette, over a small scope of
country; and now this service is magnified into a
demand for a reward of $44,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I do not
understand whetherthe question is actually before
the Senate or not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion-to
postpone is before the Senate.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I made the motion, but
I will withdraw it. I supposed Mr. Mallory
had information about it, and had signified some
disposition to oppose the bill.
Mr FESSENDEN. He reported in favor of it.
Mr. CRrTTENDEN. I withdraw the motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the bill is
before the Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not feel disposed to
say anything about this matter, if any member of
the Committee on Claims, at the present time,
will do so. I have taken, heretofore, some inter-
est in it, from having formed a very decided opin-
ion upon the claim. I retain that impression now.
The remarks which have been made by the hon-
orable Senator from Kentucky show me very
exclusively that he has not read the reports that
have been made from time to time upon the sub-
ject; or, if he had read them, that they have passed
entirely from his memory, and that he is unac-
quainted with the facts of the ease.
The circumstances are very simple. Theground
taken by the honorable Senator in one particular
is correct; in another particular is entirely erro-
neous. It is true, that nobody had authority to
make such a contract with Mr. Myerle, as the
Senator has stated; but Mr. Paulding, when Sec-
retary of the Navy, was exceedingly desirous that
the experiment of water-rotting hemp should be
tried upon an efficient scale, to settle the ques-
tion whether it could be done advantageously.
There was such a prejudice in Kentucky, as ap-
pears from the papers, and in the other western
States, against water-rotting hemp, on the ground
that it was unhealthy, and simply on theground
that it was unhealthy, that it was impossible to
prosecute that business. It was the belief of Mr.
Paulding, and of others, that if it could be suc-
cessfully tested, there would be no difficulty what-
ever in carrying out the matter to its conclusion.
Mr. Myerle went to the Department upon busi-
ness. He was engaged largely in the manufacture
of cordage. He had two establishments—one
in St. Louis, Missouri, and one in Louisville,
Kentucky—bothofwhich were m successful oper-
ation, and in both of which he was doing well.
He went there on business connected with the
manufacture of cordage. When there, Mr. Pauld-
ing proposed to him that he should undertake the
business of testing this experiment; and said to
him—as Mr. Paulding testifies himself—that if
he would Undertake it, whether successful or not,
he should be remunerated for what he might ex-
pend in relation t^ it. Mr. Myerle still declined
—such is the testimony—saying that his own
business was sufficiently profitable, and engaged
all his attention. Mr. Paulding appealed to liis
patriotism, told him he was the right kind of a
man, and begged that he would undertake it, and
he so testifies. Mr. Myerle was persuaded to do
it. He neglected his own business; he undertook
it; and Mr. Paulding, for the purpose of remu-
nerating him and making him whole, gave him
an advantageous contract to deliver five hundred
tons of water-rotted hemp, at a fixed price,.$300
a ton, a remunerative price, which would give
him a handsome profit for his experiment. That
was the contract that he made. He went into it.
He encountered great obstacles. He sacrificed a
great deal of property. Ho sacrificed his time
for six or seven years. He had to conquer the
prejudices of the people of Kentucky, as men from
Kentucky testified over and over agaia. They
threatened to tear down his dams, and so they did
in Missouri; but he succeeded. The testimony
is conclusive, that the experiments that had been
made before that to water-rot hemp had failed.
Bounty had been offered by the Government in
one instance; and solongas the bounty continued,
the hemp was furnished; but when that was with-
drawn, it failed. He went into that business and
succeeded.
The testimony is as conclusive as any testimony
whatever can be to that fact; and in the mean time
he sacrificed his own business. He delivered his
hemp in Boston, and it was rejected at the navy-
yard; and the testimony is just as conclusive that
it was most wrongfully rejected. Several Secre-
taries of the Navy state that fact m succession;
and the President of the "United States, either iha
speech or a letter—I thinfr in a letter—states the
same thing. Mr. Paulding states it; 'Mr. Mason
states it; and other Secretaries of the Navy state
it. The consequence was, that he met'great Itfss.
He was broken up in his business; ke was en-
tirely destroyed. From being a man of means,
and of substance, and a man of energy, he'was
broken down and made poor; owing to his yield-
ing to the solicitations of an officer of the Gov-
ernment. That is the simple fact.
If his hemp had been accepted instead of being
wrongfully rejected by men who were ignorant in
point of fact, and who did it to meet the"prejudices
of ccrtain individuals in Boston, connected with the
navy-yard, who imported the article, the result
would have been, as is stated by the committee,
that he would have made $65,000. He tost that
amount by that act. He brought the matter be-
fore Congress. The Senator from Kentucky says
that the fact that the claim has been pending so
long, is evidence to him that it is wrong. I oeg
leave to differ from him. I think it is no evidence
atall onthatpoint. The evidence is rather that itis .
right, for my experience and observation here have
convinced mc that with regard to a claim of any"
size, a bad one is much more likely to get through
soon than a good one. It has been-before Con-
gress, and what does the committee state? There
have been, in this period of twenty years, seven-
teen favorable reports from committees of Con-
gress on this very case; how many unfavorable
ones I do not know. 1 have never seen any.
There have been seventeen favorable reports. The
bill has passed this body several times, and passed
the House of Representatives several times. I do
jiot know that it has ever been rejected on a vote.
My impression is, from the examination I made
of it two or three years ago, that it had never
been -rejected on a vete in either body; but it has
so happened, as with reference to other claims,
that at a Congress when it has passed one House
it has not passed the other, ana the consequence
is that it has never become a law.
He has gone before the Court of Claims and
made out his case. They have taken testimony
not ex parte; and although they state—and very
properly state—that Mr. Myerle has no legal claim
upon the Government, they state also that he has
a manifest equitable claim. They state, as a mat-
ter of fact, that he undertook this business at the
express request of the officer of the Government*,
that he did engage, in fact, in the experiment he
made, and that he was ruined by that experiment,
and ruined by the wrong that was done him by
other agents of the Government, in rejecting his
hemp to gratify the prejudices or "feelings of rope-
makers in their own employ in Boston who were
accustomed to manufacture hemp of a different
description, of not so long a fiber; and the testi-
mony is universal, from every witness, that that
hemp itself was stronger and of a better charac-
ter and quality, and the only defect in it was in
cleanliness; but it was sufficiently clean for the
purpose.
That is the simple state of facts in reference to
his case; and as to his going about teaching the
people of Kentucky, or any other people, he un-
dertook it at the request of an officer of the Gov-
ernment. He did have to conquer their prejudices.
It was not dew-rotting, it was water-rotting hemp,
and he succeeded; and since that period, (as the
report which I hold in my hand, and the testi-
mony of the witnesses show,) the manufacture
of water-rotted hemp has so increased that it ha's
almostbanished the Russian hem&from the market
for all these purposes, though before there was
none of any consequence in market to be had,
and if the people of Kentucky knew before how
to do it, they certainly did not do it to any con-
siderable extent. The statements of the Secre-
taries of the Navy as to what the Navy wanted
and what the country needed on this subject, arc
certainly entitled to some consideration, for they
must have known the facts about which they
spoke.
I intended only, sir, to give a mere outline of
the facts as shown by all the reports. I know it
is*very easy to say that he has no legal claim on
the Government; very easy to say that the officer
had no authority to make a contract with him;
but we cannot wink out of sight the fact that this
experiment was undertaken at the request of that
officer of the Government from patriotic motives;
