1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
264&
found truly enrolled, bills of the following titles;
when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (S, No. 338) for the relief of M. C. Gritz-
^An act (S. No. 249) for the relief of Samuel J.
Wpn^lev"
An act'(S. No. 117) for the relief of Guadalupe
Estudillo de Arguello, widow of Santiago E. Ar-
^Arfact (S. No. 371) for the relief of certain
settlers in the State of Iowa; and
An act {S. No. 188) for the relief of the surviving
grandchildren of Colonel William Thompson, of
the revolutionary army of South Carolina.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined, and
found truly enrolled, House bill No. 284 for the
relief of John W. Taylor, and certain other as-
signees of preemption land locations; when the
Speaker signed the same.
MISSOURI CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. DAWES. I now call up the consideration
of the resolutions reported by the Committee on
Elections, in the contested-election ease ofBiair
against Barret. *
Mr. SHERMAN. Before the gentleman be-
gins his remarks, I offer the following privileged
resolution:
Resolved, That the Senate be requested to return to the
House the concurrent resolution of the House, ptoviding
for the adjournment of the two Houses of Congress.
Mr. BRANCH. I object. I would like to
hear from the gentleman from Ohio whether there
is any reason for the adoption of the resolution
he proposes? If there be any good reason, it
ought to be stated to the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to the resolution,
and ask for no reasons.
Mr. SHERMAN. I believe that it is in order
for me to move that resolution. It has, I think,
always been held to be in order.
Mr. HOUSTON. If we have to get the reso-
lution back from the Senate, it will do as well a
week or ten days from now.
The SPEAKER. The resolution cannot be re-
ceived, if objection be made.
Mr. SHERMAN. It has always been the cus-
tom in the House, or in the Senate, to let a reso-
lution of this character come in at any time. It
provides for the return to this House of a con-
current resolution of the House.
Mr. SINGLETON. 1 object to the resolution,
and! object to any further discussion of the matter.
Mr. DAWES. I ask the Clerk to read the res-
olutions reported from the Committee of Elections.
The Clerk lead, as follows:
liesolred, That Hon. i. Kiehard Barret is not entitle*! to
a scat in the Thirty-Sixth Congiess from the fust congres-
slrmal district of Mivsoini. , ,
llesolled, That Hon. F. P. Blair, jr., is entitled to a seat
In the Tiiirty-Sixtli Congress hum the frr&t congressional
district of Missouri.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, before proceed-
ing to discuss the merits of the resolutions reported
from the Committee of Elections, I wish to say
that the evidence in this,case, which covers about
one thousand pages of testimony, has, I doubt
not, been duly considered by every member of the
House, because the members of this House are
the judges who are to pass on the case. But it
will be seen at once that whoever discusses this
question on its merits, will be likely to consume
more than an hour's time. I know that the time
of the House is getting exceedingly precious. In
the outset, therefore, I propose that, by unani-
mous consent, the contestant and the sitting mem-
ber be allowed one hour and a half each.
Several Members. Two hours.
Mr. DAWES. I propose an hour and a half,
reserving:, however, the limit of one hour upon
whoever else discusses the subject. It seems to
me that it is best for us to settle the question how
much time we shall extend to these gentlemen
before we go any further. If we do it now there
will be no desire on tl 3 part of any one after that
to extend the time. If we go on without having
. any understanding on the subject, the natural tend-
ency of the thing will be that a member obtain-
ing the floor, and discussing the resolution will
find himself wanting further time, and in that way,
further time being granted to others besides the
contestant and sitting member, more of the time
of the House will be consumed than can be af-
forded. I propose that, by unanimous consent,
there be extended to the sitting member and the
contestant, if they desire it, the privilege of occu-
pying one hour and a half each.
Several Members. Two hours.
Mr. STEVENSON. Let the time be extended
to two hours. It is impossible that any gentle-
man can discuss this question in an hour and a
half. These two gentlemen are more deeply in-
terested in this case, better informed on the law,
and the fact, than any beside them possibly can
be in the time allowed us. I am satisfied that two
hours is the shortest time in which justice can be
done to this case. I think that the House will
find itself a gainer in time by allowing these gen-
tlemen, who understand the ease, to occupy two
hours each.
Mr. LOVEJOY. If we allow two hours to
each, to the contestant and to the sitting member,
is that to be the only discussion in the case? I
have no objection to let the discussion be confined
to the sitting member and the contestant.
Mr, GILMER. If we allow two hours each
to the contestant and to the sitting member, the
remarks that will follow them will be in the way
of explanations that the House may ask for. If
we go on in the way we have usually discussed
these questions, we will find ourselves a week on
this case. I think that wo will save time by giv-
ing the contestant and the sitting member two
hours each. I hope that there will be no objec-
tion to the proposition extending that privilege to
them.
Mr. DAWES. I leave it with the House to
say whether an hour and a half or two hours
shall be given to these parties.
Mr. STEVENSON. Say two hours.
Mr. WASHBUNRE, of Illinois. Let the
House decide whether an hour and a half or two
hours shall be allowed. I am in favor of two
hours.
Mr. DAWES. I accept that suggestion.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Stevens, of
Pennsylvania, in the chair.) Is there objection
to that proposition ?
A Member. What proposition ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That two hours
each be allowed to the contestant and the sitting
member.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. DAWES. I give notice that I propose to
call the previous question on this case to-night,
and to take the vote to-morrow.
Mr. WINSLOW. Name the hour.
Mr. DAWES. I will make a few remarks to-
morrow, after the previous question, closing the
argument: and then I will call for a vote.
Mr. WINSLOW. Let the gentleman say one
o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. STEVENSON. Will the gentleman call
the previous Cjuestion to-day, or to-morrow?
Mr. DAWES. To-night, with the understand-
ing that the vote shall not be taken until to-
morrow.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman will see that
gross injustice may be done in that way, be-
cause.  .
The SPEAKER pro tempore. All this conver-
sation is out of order. The previous question is
not now called, and it will be time enough to con-
sider that matter when the previous question is
demanded. The gentleman from Massachusetts
will proceed. ,
Mr. GARTRELL. I desire to suggest to the
"cntleman from Massachusetts that it should be
understood that he will not call the previous ques-
tion until to-morrow. . .
The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a matter
which cannot now be considered.
Mr DAWES. I am hardly willing to consent
to the suggestion of the gentleman from Georgia,
for I am desirous that gentlemen should remain
hero this evening and hear this case discussed, be-
cause I consider them as the judges who arc to
pass upon it, and the notion of their coming in at
the last moment and passing upon it without hear-
ing it discussed, is not according to my ideas ot
the duties of a judge. . . ,
Mr. PHELPS. With the permission of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, I desire to' Say
that it now lacks but twenty minutes of tin ee
o'clock, and if you allow the contestant and the
sitting member each two hours to speak, you will
find, at the expiration of that time, but very few,
members here. The object of giving the sitting
member and the contestant this time to argue the
ease, is for the purpose of their presenting the.
points to us as a jury, in order that we may de-
cide upon it as jurors and judges. The difficulty
which will arise, is that, as we are all affected
with weak stomachs, we shall disappear at four
or five o'clock, and it will be impossible to keep
a quorum here after that hour.
Mr. GARTRELL. I hope that in such a case
as this all the members of the House will remain.
Mr. PHELPS. If the contestant and the Bit-
ting member should speak to-morrow, they will
have an opportunity of presenting the case to a
full House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. This debate is
out of order, as there is no subject before the
House upon which this debate can bo had.
Mr. PHELPS. I was only making sugges-
tions upon this subject.
Mr. DAWES. Before calling the attention of
the House to the merits of the report and resolu-
tions, I desire to make a correction or two in the
report of the committee. The corrections do not
go into the merits of the case, but are made merely
for the purpose of historical accuracy. On the
9th page will be found the words:
" As to the precinct at the court-house in the fifth ward,
there was no allegation, in the notice of contest, that the
judges were not qualified."
This is a mistake into which the committee fell,
from the fact that that precinct had two different
names. But as this is a mistake which docs the
sitting member no injury, I make the correction
only that the report may stand conect and true.
On the 23d page of the report, in the list of
names of the votes which, in thc^ opinion of the
committee, were illegally cast, is the name of
William Hcaton. That name is there by mis-
take; and I desire to say that it should, in fact, be
stricken out.
On the 42d page, which is the minority report,
it will be found that the nairies of three persons
are set down by the minority, which I find, upon
examination, are not put down by the report of
the minority as illegal votes, and which are not
in the list of illegal voters, as considered by the
majority of the committee. All examination of
the evidence shows them to be illegal, and to havo
been cast for the sitting member; and the effect
of the several changes will not, in fact, be less
favorable to the contestant than if the changes
were not made.
With corrections thus made I have to say that
a careful consideration of this case since the print-
ing of the report has only confirmed the commit-
tee in the correctness of the conclusion to which
they have arrived. The ease is one of such.mag-
nitude that the committee are aware that it will
necessarily come about that too much reliance
will have to be placed upon the conclusions of the
committee. Though it is the duty of each mem-
ber to read, consider, and weigh for himself the
evidence in the case, the committee cannot shut
their eyes to the fact that, in the press of business
before the House, the result will be that members
will too much depend upon what the committee
have said in their report, or may say in support
of it. This is to be regretted. At the same time,
however, I think that both the majority and the
minority of the committee, feeling this to be the
fact, have approached this ease with a determina-
tion to weigh it fairly and candidly, and to apply
as much time to it as the nature and importance
of the case demand. They have desired all along
that each member of the House, as well as them-
selves, should be able, as far as possible, to see
all the evidence which has been presented to
them, and to listen to all the arguments which it
has been their pleasure to listen to upon the one
side and the other. And, sir, so far as it has been
within their power m this report, and so far as it
may be in their power in this debate, it will be
their sole purpose to reproduce, as well as may-
be, all the evidence and the arguments upon which
their conclusion is iounded, for the consideration
of the House. When this is done, their respons-
ibility to this House will have ceased; and the
House will then take upon itself the responsibility
of passing upon this question; and to an appie-
