1702
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aprir 13,
that the man left a good and prosperous business,
sacrificed his property and his time for many
years in an experiment he made; that the experi-
ment was in fact successful; that he was injured
in the decision with reference to his hemp. Com-
modore .Nicholson, who succeeded to the navy-
yard in Boston after this was done, states that
the decision was entirely wrong, .in his judg-
ment. Mr. Myerle undertook this thing from
the purest and the best of motives, being, in re-
ality, urged to it by the officers of the Govern-
ment. He succeeded in the thing itself, and then
was injured and broken down by the Government.
As I said before, it is easy to say that there was
no legal contract made with him, for that is true;
but it is not easy to satisfy my mind of the justice
of refusing to make this old man some reparation.
I have gone on that ground from the beginning,
and tt4s impossible for me to come to any other
conclusion, on a careful consideration of the tes-
timony in the case. I think no man can read the
.last report that was made by the chairman of the
Committee of Claims on the part of the House
of Representatives, with any fair view of doing
justice to a suffering man, without coming to the
same conclusion, if Senators choose to oppose
this bill on a mere legal, technical ground, they
have a right to do so, of course.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not purpose to enter into
the merits of this bill, because the matters have
fmsscd from my memory. I have a distinct recol-
ection, though, that when it was before the Senate*
some years ago, shortly after I become a member
of the body, 1 did read the reports, I did examine
all the testimony, and I arrived at the conclusion
myself that there was no such claim established
against the Government that 1 thought we could
.safely make a precedent of, by paying the monev
.that was askeu. 1 had many conversations at
the time with the gentleman who had been for
many years a Senator from Missouri, and way
then a member of the other House, (Mr. Benton.)
The facts he stated to me have now passed from
my memory; but they were very conclusive as
to this claim. As 1 examined the testimony, I
thought it imperfectly proved,exceptas to the un-
doubted fact that the Secretary of the Navy had
entered into some kind of an arrangement with
him without warrant of law, and my impression
is strong that there had been an attempt to give
fluch an authority to contract, in an appropriation
hill, and that Congress had refused the authority.
That is my recollection; 1 maybe mistaken, but
I think the fact is so, and that the officer only
held out inducements, without making" a positive
contract, and that the party did enter into this
business.
On the question of the merits of the services
rendered, there was a diversity of opinion; the
balance probably being in favor of the merits of
the claim; but 1 know that the former honorable
Senator from Missouri was decidedly against the
idea that any real merit or benefit had been done
to the country from the services of this individual.
How that may be, it is impossible for me now to
say; but 1 then went on the principle, on which
1 shall vote now, that 1 cannot, by my vote, sanc-
tion the precedent, that if an officer of the Gov-
ernment, without the authority of Congress, and
not within the line of his pubUc duty or the scope
of his powers, undertnkcvs to enter into a quasi
contract, or any species of engagement, with any
person whatever, ho can thereby create a claim
Upon the Treasury of the Untied States, even
imperfect in its character, which it may be either
sound policy or wise legislation to ucognize. 1
think the precedent too dangerous; and I oppose
iton that ground, without entering at all into the
question of what Mr. Myerle's motives weie. It
seems to me his motive was wh&t would actuate
most men: that is, he had a desire to render ser-
vice to the country, no doubt; but a desire, also, to
enter into a profi;able business for himself. Oil
my former examination of the claim, it did not
- strike me as a case of extraordinary merit as to
the motive. He desired to make money out of
a transaction that he supposed would be profit-
able; but it failed.
I cannot myself vote in favor of the claim, from
my recollection of it. t have not read the presunt
report, which I suppose to be founded on a dan-
gerous principle; because, if in one case you estab-
lish this precedent, we all know how it will be
referred to hereafter. Then, if an officer of the
Government chooses to entangle or complicate
the Government, by going beyond the scope of his
authority, though it might be that at the time
while he is still an officer, if the question were
brought up, the natural jealousy of Congress
would refuse compensation, we all know that as
the memory of an event passes away and the
actors pass off the scene, then comes a disposition
to pay, bccause an officer of the Government has
done that which is wrong. I hope that precedent
will not be set. I cannot vote for the bill.
I believe I am not wrong in statii^;, also, that
this case went to the Court of Claims as a claim
under the law. I think it did; 1 am not sure. -If
it is not so, I wish gentlemen would correct me.
Mr. FESSEiXDEN. I do not know how it
went there. 1 stated the fact as to the report that
was made by the court.
Mr. BAYARD. I think it went to the Court
of Claims, and the court decided against it as an
obligation, under the terms of the law which we
passed; b.ut they have taken testimony and re-
ported it to Congress, for us to say whether, uiider
the testimony and the facts, we should make com-
pensation. I think that is the mode in which it
now stands before the Senate. I maybe wrong;
if so, I am willing to be corrected. I have not
read the testimony taken m the Court of Claims;
but I was speaking of the testimony which was
before Congress at the time this case was referred
to a committee, of which 1 was a member; and it
did not strike me, from my examination—it is
impossible for my memory to carry it now—that
there was any sufficient proof of the value of the*
services, whatever; that there was any sufficient
proof as to the wrongfulness of the rejection
of the hemp that was sent to Boston, and re-
jected by the appraisers, or inspectors, of the
Government there. I did not see any proof of
wrong on their part. Mi. Badger, I think, was
Secretary of the Navy at the time it was done. I
perceive subsequent statements of Secretaries of
the Navy, that it ought not to have been rejected,
founded on subsequent proof; but the officers of
the Government who had rejected it were not exam-
ined as witnesses. We only heard one side of the
case. That is the way it stood then, in my view.
I do not think the merits of the claim were suffi-
ciently proved. Independently of that, 1 was
against the claim on the ground that I think it a dan-
gerous precedent to establish. An officer having
high discretion, beyond the scope of his authority,
undertook, it' he did undertake, to make a con-
tract, whether it was a perfect contract or an im-
perfect contract; and wo are asked to ratify that,
years afterwards, by paying money; thus holding
out inducements to your officers to violate the law,
and to enter into engagements to bind the nation
which it was not intended by the law that they
should enter into. I thought the principle un-
sound; 1 think so still. I think I am right in my
recollection—I am not positive about that, but the
impression is very strong—that an attempt was
made at the time to give authority to the Secretary
to make the contract, and that Congress would
not give the authority. It only makes the objec-
tion stronger.
Mr. IVEItSON. I do not rise to make a speech
in this case. 1 am perhaps not sufficiently familiar
with all the facts of the case to elaborate them to
the satisfaction of the Senate. There was a re-
port made by the Senator from Florida, [Mr.
Mali.ory,] who is a member of the Committee
on Claims at this session, and I think that that
report, if read to the Senate, and if the Senate
would listen to it. would satisfy every unpreju-
diced mind that the claim is just and ought to be
paid * I will not, however, call for the reading of
the report, as it is somewhat elaborate, but 1 will
take the liberty to read a portion of the report
made at the present session of Congress in the
other House by Mr. Tappax, the chairman of the
Committee of Claims of that body. 1 think it sets
forth the case in a very condensed and appiopii-
ate view; and if the Senate will listen to it—it is
not very long, and 1 shall not read the whole j
report—I think they cannot fail to come to the
conclusion, even the Senator from Delaware, that
this is a claim having eminent foundation, and
which appeals very strongly to the justice of Con-
gi\:ss. The report proceeds to say, that
uMr. Paulding, who was Secretary of the Navy at t'ae
time, in 1**39, in employing the claimant to embark upon
the enterprise ot demonstrating the practicability ot water-
" rotting American hemp, was governed by a desire to confer
a great and lasting benefit upon the country."
It will be remembered that at that time we were
depending entirely on the importation of foreign
hemp for the use of the Navy, and for every other
purpose.
" Mr. Paulding says, in his deposition"—
not. a statement of Mr. Paulding, without oath,
but it ismad6 under oath. 1 do not say that that
gives a*hy additional sanction to the statement of
Mr. Paulding, because he is a man of such emi-
ncnt.character that his simple statement would go
as far, perhaps, with the Senate as his deposition
under oath; but still 1 state the fact to show the
character of the evidence:
that while presiding over the Navy Department his mind
had been frequently drawn to a consideration of the prac-
ticability of procuring a supply ot' Amerienn water rotted
hemp adequate to the wants of the United States Navy, and
thus tendering it independent of foreign nations for that
indispensable article; and that it was within his uttie.al
knowledge that, by more than one of his predecessors, n-i
well as Congress, attempts had been made for the attain-
ment of that object, but had invariably Jailed, lie further
i-ays-, in the samo deposition, jn relcrencc to his transactions
with the claimant, that advertisements for proposals were
not issued, nor was any security demanded for the fulfill-
ment of the contract, as the whole affair was regarded as an-
expsrtment, made with a view to settle a question of great
national importance; that his object, in thus depnitinglrom
the usual mode of makingcontracts, was not merely to pro-
cure a temporary supply of American water-rotted heinp,
but to lemove, if possible, that prevailing impression or pre-
judice against the process of water-rotting, which was the
preat obstacle to its production, and at the same tune dem-
onstrate the practicability of preparing a domestic article
which would Mtccessluily compete with the first quality of
Russian hemp."
The prejudice against the process of water-rot-
ting was on account of the sickliness and disease
which it created; and it was important to demon-
strate by an experiment that the process could be
conducted without creating disease:
" [letup, being an important article of naval equipment,
and iudi>pensably necessary to the efficiency of a naval
toree, it was quite natural, and consistent with a cense of
public duty, on the part of the Secietary of the Navy, to
led a solicitude for the establishment of a domestic ic-
source lor an ample supply ot a staple of such indispensable
importance to the arm ot the public service over which he
presided.
u Previous to entering into contracts with the claimant,
Mr. Paulding officially consulted Hon. Felix Grundy, then
Attorney Genetal ot the United States, as to the dL-cie-
tionary pmvei of the Secretary of the Navy in making con-
tracts toi the supply of material*, on the quality of winch
the saiety ot ves&els of war mainly depended."
It would seem, therefore, that the Secretary did
not act on his own discretion and will in this mat-
ter merely, but consulted the Attorney General of
the United States as to his power to make this
arrangement:
" It als-o appears, from the testimony, that Mr. Paulding,
subsequent to his having contracted with the claimant, in
<*rder to afford him eveiy reasonable facility in the prose-
cution ot lii-s undertaking, requested Hon. James Buch-
anan, then a memb. r of the Senate of the United States,
to otter a resolution to enable the Secretaiy of the Navy to
make advances to the claimant, from tune to time, to "the
amount of .§&>,000 * which resolution passed the Senatj,
but tailed in the llouse, for the want of time, as he then
uudej^ood. Thus it appear* that liis course in the trans-
action was dd vised by the Attorney General and bancttoned
by the Senate of the United States.5'
It had, therefore, the sanction of the Secretary
of the Navy, of the Attorney General of the Uni-
ted States, and of the then Senate of the United
States:
" Anterior to the embarkation of the claimant on the en-
terprise of demonstrating the fallacy of the prejudice again-4
the? process ot water- rotting hemp in our county wo wera
entiieiy dependent on a foicign market tor a supply of hemp
for our naval and commercial marine. Importations uom
the tialtic had previously been out entiie dependence, Toe
anxiety felt to render in independent in that particular
seems to have been mamfrftcd in extiaoidmary efforts to
induce the psodueersof hemp topicpare it by water-rotting
lor manufactui mg pin po-es ; but t.o strong were th<* pseju-
dseet. agamt-t the pioee.-s that ail ffioit* tmled. William
Oab.m, an adverse witness, m his deposition, (llep. C. C.,
Uoe. tfl, Thirty-Fourth Conjue.-s, third session, page 47,)
says, while testUyimr in regatd to the hemp which was of-
fered by the claimant for inspection:
'"This wa> the hift lot of Anieiiean water-rotted h<mp
I ever knew oik-rcd to the Government, nor did I know uf
any in the market at the tins •. I had seen a few specimens
ofConnectieut water rotted hemp, some years before, when
the Government garc a bounty for but it had gone out vf
the tnar'.et after the bounty had ceased.1
So it appears that even the extraordinary expedient of
effenng a bounty to stimulate the production and prepara-
tion of tiie aiticlc Itult^jfrf accomplishing the olreet; lot,to
soon n> the bounty eeased, the overruling prejudice agunst
the proee^ resumed it* sway.
" At the tune at winch Mr. Paulding, as Secretary of the
Nav\, induced the claimant to embark upon this enterprise,
oui eouutry wa* threatened with a war with Great Britain,
growing out of the difficulty of settling the northeastern
boundary question; and in the event of such a wai, the
