I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
261
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
0,1ie Slavery Question—Mr. Jenkins.
Ho. of Reps.
in the South to fill all these offices. Sir, you would
there, as you would all the world over, find plenty
of those who arc willing to rcceive the thirty
pieces of silver. You might not, indeed, find
them in the shape and guise of Republicans atfirst*
but you would find plenty of the materiel, which
the magic influence of patronage would easily con-
vert into any form you might desire. You would
find in the South, as everywhere else, human
nature in its best and its worst for ms, and in every
intermediate degree; and unless the people of the
South are radically different from the great broth-
erhood of humanity, you would find there poverty
not always accompanied with the virtue to resist
temptation; wealth notalways free from cupidity;
prodigality not always furnished with the means
to gratify its propensities; and, last of all, you
would find ambition and ability not always gov-
erned by principle.
Wfto will say that, from these fruitful seeds,
tended and fostered with care, and enriched with
the patronage of millions, there would not spring
up the germ of a Republican party in the very heart
of the South; armed with the forms of law and the
administration of the Federal (government; sowing
dissensions in our very midst; dividing our people,
distracting our counsels, and paralyzing our encr%
gies, until it would be too late for resistance? Is
this a fancy skctch ? If it be not literally true to
the life, then does the history of the human race,
from its primal period to this hour, belie itself;
then does the relation of cause and effect cease to
exist. If the events of the future, in case the Re-
publican party predominates, do not verify this
result, why, then, you had as well abandon negro
slavery, at all events; for you may be sure the
Ethiopian will change his skin, and the leopard
his spots.
But, sir, I must pass to another point. The next
extremity to which the South would be reduced
would be to witness the whole moral weight of
this Government at home and abroad throughout
the world thrown into the scale against the institu-
tion of southern slavery. Every organ and mouth-
piece of the Government abroad, from ministers
plenipotentiary down to the humblrst consul,
whose salary is his t{fees," would be giving forth
a constant utterance of denunciations against sla-
very, and styling it, in the language of your last
presidential platform, " slavery, like polygamy,
twin relic of barbarism ;"andasouthern gentleman
making his appearance at a European court would
be received by your Republican minister very
much as he would rcceive the patriarch of Utah.
Sir, I have not time to consider this point as I
could wish, und to show in detail what the institu-
tion of slavery would suffer from having the whole
moral weight of the Government throughout the
civilized world pressing down upon it. The evils
winch would eventually'follow in its wake will be
obvious to all upon reflection.
I come now, sir, to speak of still another alarm-
ing danger which the success of the Republican
party forebodes. I mean, sir, that the legislative
power of this Government would be turned,with
all its batteries—not only open, but masked—
against southern slavery. One of these, sir, is the
Republican doctrine of prohibiting slavery m all
the Territories of the Union, present and pro-
spective, by congressional legislation, even though
the people of the Territories might desire to have
the institution. Another is, the admission of no
more slave States. I take it that no Republican
on this floor, in good standing and "fall commu-
itioti" with his party, will deny either of these
propositions to be Republican doctrine.
I have not time to dwell on these two propo-
sitions; and, indeed, it is the more unnecessary,
bccausc the same ground has been traveled over
so often heretofore in discussions upon the ques-
tion of slavery; and also, because their effects
would not be so immediate as those which would
flow from other parts of Republican policy. But
I only give expression to the universal sentiment
of the South on this subject when I say that we
would regard the enforcement of this doctrine
against the South as leading ultimately to her cer-
tain destruction.
Now, sir, in case of the supposed success of
the Republican party, what refuge has the South
from the ills which such a state of things would
bring upon her? Will she find security behind
the bulwark of the judiciary—in the decisions of
the Supreme Court of the United States? Why,
sir, we forget that one of the dogmas of the Re-
publican party is to 6 (reform the judiciary." What
is fully meant by that expression we shall, per-
haps, never know until we are called upon to wit-
ness the infamy of its consummation. But this
much we do know: that it means, at the very
least, that the judiciary shall not stand in the way
of the complete and entire establishment of so-
called Republican principles in the administration
of this Government. Reform the judiciary! Sir,
what a spdfctacle we should behold! To see the
chief of a sectional organization, backed by his
minions,genter the very sanctuary of justice, and,
with the rude and sacrilegious grasp of a parti-
san, hold with partial hand the scale which should
only vibrate to the touch of right!
Such, sir, is the protection which the South is
to expect from a reformed judiciary.
What other hope would we have of averting the
misfortunes which a Republican triumph would
bring upon us ?
There is one, oft talked of, and by some be-
lieved in; and therefore I wish to call attention to
it; for I believe it to be deceptive and illusory to
the last degree. It is the idea, sir, that'even a Re-
publican Administration, when once installed in
power, would become conservative upon the sub-
ject of slavery. Sir, when did tyranny first be-
come conservative of the rights of others? I mean,
sir, when did it ever, after accession to power,
yield up any pretensions it had previously ad-
vanced?
Does not all history, on the other hand, teach
us that the constant tendency of every form of
despotism, whether in the shape of an individual
tyrant or in that more terrible form, a numerical
majority, is to increase, not mitigate, its preten-
sions? Yet, we arc told that a Republican Presi-
dent would become conservative—less radical and
less hostile in his pretensions against the institu-
tions of the South5 Sir, as often as I have heard
this proposition advanced, I have never yet heard
a man give a philosophical reason for it. They
only say it always has been so; and then they
will give you instances of anti-slavery men who,
while President, became comparatively conserva-
tive and sound upon the question of slavery. I
grant that; but so far from substantiating their
proposition, it substantiates just the reverse. Let
us look at this point rationally, and inquire why
did these forrher Presidents becomc conservative on
the question of slavery? Manifestly because the
party was so to which they owed their official ex-
istence, and upon whom they depended for aid in
administering the Government. Take the case of
Mr. Fillmore, so often cued. All know liisanti-
slavery sentiments when he was nominated for
"Vice President, and southern Whigs, having, a
southern man on their ticket for President, were
willing to take Mr. Fillmore for Vice President,
forthe sake of giving availability to their ticket in
some parts of the North; and believing that, as the
mere president of the Senate, his anti-slavery senti-
ments could do no harm. Well, sir, when, upon
the death of General Taylor, he became President,
I am free to say that he adminstercd the duties of
his office quite as much to the satisfaction of the
South as General Taylor himself would have done.
Mr. Fillmore became conservative on the question
of slavery for the reason just assigned, namely:
because the political organization to which he be-
longed, which had made him what he was, and
upon whose continued support his future de-
pended, was conservative, and much of it pro-
slavery, extending over and embracing,as it did,
the whole South; having a majoiity m some of
the southern States and a formidable and contest-
ing minority in the rest. He could not, under the
circumstances, become otherwise than conserva-
tive on the question of slavery. But, sir, will a
parity of reasoning prove that Mr. Seward, or
any other Republican, supported and elected alone
by the Republican party, would become alike
conservative? On the contrary, sir, would not
the same process of reasoning prove the very re-
verse? Receiving in the canvass, in all human
probability, not as many votes south of Mason
and Dixon's line as there are people in the small
town in which he lives; elected by exclusively
northern votes, and not even receiving the con-
servative vote there — the Democratic and the
American and old-line Whig vote — what, sir,
should render his Administration conservative ?
Nay, sir, when we remember that the main ele-
ment of his party—the Abolition element—which
gives vitality ana energy to the whole Republican
organization, lighting up with its zeal and enthu-
siasm the party camp-fires, is more radical even
than the supposed future Republican President
would be; when wc remember that he would be
at the head of a great radical party whose fanati-
cism he dare not affront, and whose very preju-
dices he would fear to offend, we may conclude
that he might become more radical in his hostility
to slavery,butcouidnotbecomemore conservative.
Suppose, for illustration, sir, that such a President
was inclined to manifest his conservatism—though
I cannot imagine what should so incline him—by
carrying out the provisions of the fugitive slave
law in Ohio, ana returning t<J slavery a negro
from the middle of the Western Reserve; would
he do so—I will not say at the hazard— but with
the certainty of thereby offending the whole Re-
publican voting population of that locality, which
would inevitably destroy the ascendency of the
Republican party in the State? No, sir; it would
be idle to expect it. The leaders of a powerful
pai-ty must travel in the same direction with the
great army behind. They mustalso move quite as
fast, must press on, must run on, or be run over.
They never dare stand still, much less turn back,
without forfeiting their leadership.
Having seen then, sir, that neither the judiciary
nor this idea of a Republican President becoming
conservative upon the question of slavery fur-
nishes the South with any hope of refuge from
the evils of Republican ascendency, let us inquire
what other remote prospect is there of their alle-
viation. Will it be found in a fair and candid
survey of the future? Sir, if, in the election of a Re-
publican President, the present should fill us with
alarm and apprehension, the future should strike
us with despair. Once in power, and with the
patronage of this Government at its disposal,
think not that the Republican party would not
find means to perpetuate its ascendency. Sir,
there is one point to be noticed under this head
that puts the question beyond all doubt. I mean,
sir, by the admission of newStates into the Union.
From the immense territorial domain, already
having considerable population and provided with
organized governments—some of them, too, claim-
ing now to be admitted into the Union—it is plain
that the Republican party, once in possession of
the Federal Government, would carve out as many
new States as party expediency might demand,
and, by the adjustment of their boundaries and
the dispensation of patronage, determine their pol-
itics. And, sir, it need not stop at this point We
should soon be, if possible, still more completely
at the mercy of the North; for as it requires only
an ordinary legislative majority to admit new
States, and the same majority, with the consent of
the State itself, to divide an old State and convert
it into two, it is plain that the North could, in less
than the term of one Administration, number three
fourths of the States of the whole Union; and
then, sir, then the bulwarks of the Constitution
would be gone indeed; for the North would then
have the power, without the aid from the South,
constitutionally to change the Constitution. And
then, sir, those fanatics who rave so madly for an
anti-slavery Constitution, an anti-slavery Bible,
and an anti-slavery God, could have the first of
these three fashioned after their own heart; though
I think it would perhaps be some time longer be-
fore they could experience a similar gratification
with relation to the latter two.
Sir, what a miserable appendage would the
South be to this Republic; how completely bereft
of the capacity for legitimate resistance; ho w would
her institutions depend upon the very breath of
northern fanaticism, when* against the wishes of
every southern State, and in spite of all they could
do, the Federal Constitution could be converted,
from a bulwark of safety, into a battery of destruc-
tion in the hands of her enemies.
Mr. Chairman, I do not deem it necessary to
pursue the investigation of this branch of my sub-
ject further. I think that all fair men who will
look at it from our stand-point of view, must see
that, ill the triumph of the Republican party, the
