1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
683
the information upon which the appropriation of
these several sums is predicated ?
Mr. PHELPS. I will state that the amount
proposed to be appropriated in the first section of
the bill was obtained from the settlement, by the
Auditor of the Treasury for the Post Office De-
partment, of liabilities which remain unpaid, and
which were incurred in pursuance of law. That
amount is stated to be $4,296,009 26.
Mr. GROW. I desire to remark that, in the
Post Office bill passed at the last session, that was
about the amount proposed to be appropriated.
Mr. PHELPS. Nearly four million dollars
was appropriated in the bill which received the
approbation of this House at the last session of
Congress towards the deficiency of the last fiscal
year.
Mr. COVODE. Mr. Speaker, I wish to make
a suggestion to the gentleman from Missouri, rel-
ative to this question of interest, for his consider-
ation and the consideration of the House. I do
not wish to keep back the passage of this bill one
minute; but, in considering this matter, I have
come to the conclusion, after understanding the
position of contractors and parties claiming inter-
est, that it is our policy to pay interest zX once.
Many of the contractors do not want to get the
interest in this bill. They want to come before
the House with claims for damages; and I am
satisfied that these claims will amount to millions
of dollars. Now, the suggestion that 1 have to
make to the House is this: that if we pass this
bill, appropriating principal and interest, and im-
pose upon it the condition that it shall be a release
of claims for damages, we will get the whole ques-
tion settled at once. The parties will take principal
and interest, and release their claims; but, if we
go on and pay principal only, and then pass an-
other bill to pay interest, the contractors will refuse
to take the interest, because they know they can
better themselves by pressing their claims for
damages, if the House will insert the clause for
interest, and attach to it the condition that its ac-
ceptance will release claims for damages, we will
have no more trouble with the question. Other-
wise, the claims for damages will conic before us
and will amount to millions.
If the gentleman from Missouri will adopt my
suggestion, and allow the bill to pass with the
third section, as reported, which provides for the
payment of interest, I am satisfied, from calcula-
tions that I have made, that less than one hun-
dred thousand dollars will pay the whole amount,
and save the Government millions. It is proper
in this connection to state, that the Government
has not had the money on hand to spare to make
the payments to contractors without borrowing
and paying interest elsewhere. It is also an act
of justice for the Government to pay the interest,
either to the contractors or to the parties that ad-
vanced the money on the certificates, thus enabling
the contractors to continue the mail service.
Mr. FLORENCE. And they ought to be paid.
Will the gentleman from Missouri permit me, at
this point, to ask a question of my colleague ?
Mr. PHELPS. Wait a moment. Let me an-
swer the question propounded by the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Maynard.] I have an-
swered, in part, that inquiry. He inquired of me
how I had arrived at tin; amount specified in the
bill; and I responded that, so far as concerned the'
amount specified in the first section of the bill, I
arrived at it by the settlement made by the Aud-
itor of the Treasury for the Post Office Depart-
ment, on the expenditures of the Post Office De-
partment for the last fiscal year, as stated in the
annual report of the Postmaster General, derived
from the report of the Auditor. That sum remains
unpaid, because there wasno moneyappropnated
by Congress for that purpose.
"So far as the other two sums are concerned, I
have this to state: the $4,000,000 payable out of
the revenues of the Post Office Department is
one half of the estimated amount of the revenue
accruing from postages for the fiscal year. We
propose to appropriate that sum in gross, limited,
nowever, as provided in the end of the second
section, to the compensation of postmasters and
clerks, and for the transportation of the mails.
The Postmaster General estimates that there will
be needed $4,800,000 to be paid out of the Treas-
ury in order to maintain the present mail service
of the country. We propose now to appropriate
$2,400,000 of that sum, so that the contractors can
be paid for the service they have rendered during
this fiscal year.
Mr^FLORENCE. As pertinent just here, I
desire to ask the gentleman from Missouri, in ad-
dition to the question propounded by the gentle-
man fromTennessee, whether the estimate is made
for the diminished service, or for the'original con-
tract service ?
Mr. PHELPS. As I stated, it was made on
the existing service.
Mr. FLORENCE. Now, there is a difference
of opinion, and a very material difference of opin-
ion,as to what is the existing service. Itis known
to the House that the Postmaster General has di-
minished the mail service very materially; and it
is questioned whether that was done in pursuance
of law. I desire, at this time, to restore that ser-
vice; and if I get an opportunity I will present an
amendment having that object in view. I do not
desire to interfere with the gentleman from Mis-
souri; but I give notice that, if I have an oppor-
tunity before the previous question is demanded,
I intend to present an amendment restoring the
diminished service.
Mr. PHELPS. I have only to say to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, that if an amendment
of that kind be proposed to this bill, it will give
rise to considerable discussion and delay; and will
defeat the object we have in view, which is to afford
immediate relief to the Post Office Department.
The matter can be considered at a future time.
Mr. GROW. I agree in the propriety of strik-
ing out the third section for the reason given by
the gentleman from Missouri, that we arc not in
a condition to relieve these creditors as they should
bo relieved, immediately, or to discuss the mode
of relief proper to be given to them. When you
propose to allow six percent, to these contractors,
while many of them have paid twelve and fifteen
per cent, and higher, you arc doing injustice to
seven thousand creditors of the Government.
While you have this large class of meritorious
creditors, is not the question important enough to
receive the consideration of the House by itself,
instead of attempting to provide relief in this hasty
mode ? We have to adopt this hasty mode in con-
sideration of the distress of these public creditors.
I hope that no gentleman will propose now any
mode of relief for this large class of creditors.
That should be a proposition by itself, to be con-
sidered by itself. Por my part, I would tender no
paltry compensation of six per cent, to men who
have been compelled to pay twenty per cent., and
without any fault of theirs.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Will the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania allow me to ask him what
mode and measure of compensation would bejust,
m his opinion ?
Mr. GROW. So far as I am concerned, I would
do this. In regard to the present service that has
been unchanged during this fiscal year, I would
direct that all that class of creditors should be paid
so much per cent.—1 do not care what it is—for
damages. As to all those contractors whose ser-
vice was discontinued or diminished, I would di-
rect them to be paid the amount specified in their
contracts, as they stood on the 30th June, 1859,
save to the mail contractors on your railroads. 1
would place them in an independent class, lor I
do not regard them as being so meritorious a class
of creditors as are those who carry the mails by
coaches, horse-service, or in other such modes.
The railroad people run their cars at all events;
and the diminution of mail service dues not inter-
fere m the least with their arrangements. But
those mail contractors who had agreed to carry
the mails six times a week, and who have had the
service curtailed to three times a week, have, in
my judgment, sustained a loss of one third of their
contract. I did not wish, however, to be led into
this discussion at this time.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania whether it is not a part
of the contract between the mail carriers and the
Department, which appears on the face of the
contract itself, that the Department may discon-
tinue the service either in whole or in part when-
ever it sees fit, on the payment of a specified sum ?
Mr. GROW. I hold, Mr. Speaker, that when
Congress refuses to appropriate money for the
support of a branch of the public service, (I care
not for what reason,) an executive officer of the
Government has got no discretion to curtail that
service.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire the gentleman to
answer the question whether, in such cases,'the
contract is violated at all ?
Mr. GRCW. If the gentleman asks me a
question, I hope he will allow me to answer it.
Mr. PHELPS. I must resume the floor.
Mr. GROW. When no money is appropriated
for an arm of the public service, I take it to be
the duty of the executive officer of the Govern-
ment to leave that service standing untouched, or
that the President should call Congress together
to make an appropriation. If those who carry on
that branch of the public service choose to con-
tinue their services and to trust to the action of
Congress for compensation, they may do so; but
the law never contemplated giving a discretion-
ary power to the Postmaster General to ruin mail
contractors of the Government because Congress
has made no appropriation for the service. He
might change the service on the ground that the
public interests did not require it, but not on the
ground that Congress had made no appropriation
for it, and that therefore he was to cut down the
expenses to the means on hand.
Mr. PHELPS. I am satisfied that the best
way to secure the passage of this bill, and to pay
the mail contractors their just dues, is to strike
out the third section of the bill providing for the
payment of the interest. That is the amendment
which I have submitted. I do not desire to de-
bate the question any further. I move the pre-
vious question.
Mr. MILLSON- I rise to a question of order.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask the gentleman to
allow me to propose my amendment before ho
insists on the previous question.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to press my point
of order. I submit that the gentleman cannot
propose two amendments at the same time; and
I insist that the Chair shall settle that question.
There is but one amendment to be entertained by
the House at a time. The gentleman from Mis-
souri cannot spot his bill through from beginning
to end, from the enacting clauso to the closing
sentence, and deprive other gentlemen of the op-
portunity of proposing amendments.
Mr. PHELPS. I ha\e submitted my amend-
ment and called the previous question.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman proposes to
debate my question of order. Now, sir, if the
gentleman debates it, I also desire to do so. I
am willing, if the House will allow it, to meet
him in debate upon it, and I should like an op-
portunity to debate some of the provisions of the
bill.
Mr. PHELPS. The amendment which I have
submitted is but a single amendment to amend
the second section of the bill, and simultaneously
to strike out the third section of the bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Mis-
souri debates my point of order, and I now pro-
pose to debate it also.
" Mr. PHELPS. The point of order is not de-
batable.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman has debated
it already.
Mr. PHELPS. Not at all. I have not de-
bated it.
Mr. HOUSTON. I supposed that would be
the gentleman's course, having debated it him-
self, to cut off all debate upon the part of others.
Mr. PHELPS. Debate is out of order.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is true; but the Chair
knows as well as I do, that two amendments have
been offered proposing to amend the bill at vari-
ous points. Now, unless the gentleman proposes
a substitute for the entire bill, he cannot amend
it in that manner. He may offer a substitute for
the entire bill, making such changes as he pleases;
but he cannot accomplish his purpose by a sim-
ple amendment.
Mr. PHELPS. I must call the gentleman from
Alabama to order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that it is a single amendment that has been pre-
sented, and the previous question having been
called, all debate is out of order. The question
before the House is on seconding the demand for
the previous question.
Mr. HOUSTON. Docs the Chair overrule my
point of order ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. WASHBURNE. of Illinois. I hope we
