1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2647
ural to infer that they were laborers, honest la-
borers I have no doubt, but not men of fortune,
who were living out there and doing business in
the city. I shall have.to say hereafter that it is
not a place, from the nature of the business in
that locality, where men would be likely to re-
side, to locate their country seats, and go into the
city to do business. It will be seen, byreference
to the report, that it is claimed on the part of the
sitting member that a portion of these men who
were at the Gravois coal mine had been in the
habit heretofore of voting in the city; but con-
cluded, on this occasion, to go out to their resi-
dences at the Gravois coal mine and vote there.
Indeed, it was in two instances a gentleman tes-
tified that they did live there, and that they cast
their votes usually in the city; but cast them, on
this occasion, out there. 1 hope my friend from
Missouri is satisfied with reference to the allu-
sion I made about their kind of business.
Mr. NOELL. The gentleman made reference
to the character of men being known by their
business; and i thought it was a remark which
needed explanation.
Mr. DAWES. I did not mean the character
of men, but their habits. When I am in the coal
business 1 do not work with gloves on.
.Now, sir, in 1856 the vote in this precinctstood:
for Kennett,(American,) 47; Reynolds, (national
Democrat,) 4; Biair, (free Democrat,) 4. In this
last election the vote at the same precinct stood:
for Breckinridge, (American,) 24; Barret, (na-
tional Democrat,) 153; Blair, (free Democrat,)
7. It will be seen that, in this last election, both
the candidates of the American party and of the
free Democracy, held their own, while the vote
of the national Democratic party candidate in-
creased thirty-eight times. It multiplied thirty-
eight fold.
In the election of 1856, at the Carondelet pre-
cinct, the vote stood: for Kennett, 114; Reynolds,
44; Blair, 104. In the election of 1858, the vote
stood: for Breckinridge, 56; Barret, 286; Blair,
159—an increase of 249 votes. At the eastern
precinct of the ninth ward, at the last election,
the American had 240; the national Democrat 47;
and Biair 271. At this election the American had
234; Mr. Barret, the national Democrat, had 492;
Mr. Blair 196, and so on. In these four precincts,
inconsiderable in themselves, casting ordinarily
a few hundred votes, there was an increase of the
vote of the national Democrat overthatcastatthe
last election of 1,152 votes; while there was only
a falling oil on the part of the American of 62,
and 60 on the part of Mr. Blair. There is an ab-
solute increase of 1,030 votes in a vote of 2,305.
It is an increase whu,h, if it had been distributed
in the same ratio over the whole district, would
have polled, at that election, 26,453 votes, against
13,765 at the last election. The majonty of the
sitting member would have been, at the same rate
and proportion, 10,984.
Now, I say that it was not attempted to trace
this increase to any legitimate and honest source.
It will be perceived that the votes of the free Dem-
ocrats and of the national Democrats at the last
election amount to just about the vote of the sit-
ting member at this election—perhaps a little
more. This coincidence suggested to the counsel
for the sitting member this explanation, which is
embraced in the report of the minority of the
committee. The minority of the committee have
adopted it in their report as a sufficient explana-
tion. It is this: that the Democracy, at the last
election, were divided into the national Democ-
racy and the free Democracy, and that each had
its candidate; while at this election the sitting
member was the candidate of both the national
Democrats and the free Democrats; that the two
wings of the party had been folded together in the
person of the sitting member, and that he had
taken the votes of both wings, which were di-
vided between the contestant and a national Dem-
ocrat two years before. This is adopted by my
learned friends in their minority report as ac-
counting for the increase of vote for the sitting
member.
If that be so, and if that is the true explanation,
then it is not traceable to any other cause than
this union of parties. It does not come from an
increase of population, nor does it come from any
latent vote. If it comes from the fact that the two
wings of the Democracy joined, and my friend
the sitting member had the capacity and the abil-
ity to be the candidatcof both wings, and to take
the votes of both wings at that election—and I
will not doubt his capacity to do it—it would be
a difficult road to travel; but I will not doubt his
ability to travel it if anybody can. I only say
that if he did, and if he polled the vote of the two,
then it can be traceable to no other cause, and we
might as well lay the others out of the case. But,
sir, what troubled me at the time this suggestion
was made, and what has troubled me ever since,
is, that this leaves unexplained where Mr. Blair
got his 6,600 votes this time. He got 416 more
votes this time than he got before. He got all he
got before and 416 more. If the two wings united
upon the sitting member, whence, I ask, came the
votes for Mr. Blair at this election ? Then, if we
turn to the Gravois precinct, the whole vote of
the two wings of the Democracy at the last elec-
tion was only 8. That vote was divided with
great impartiality. The national wing took four,
and the free wing took four; and the two to-
gether made 8. But, sir, when they are folded
together in the person of my friend the sitting
member, they count up 153; and Mr. Blair is still
loft with 7. I ask my friends how they have
omitted to explain this fact. If the two wings
united in the person of my friend the sitting mem-
ber, 1 ask how the minority have omitted to ex-
plain whence came all the votes which were cast
for the contestant at this time, namely, all he got
before and 416 more?
In this connection it may, perhaps, be well
enough for me to allude to another error into which
my friends of the minority have fallen, by putting
too much confidence in the brnfof the sitting
member. Tho brief of the sitting member's coun-
sel alleges that eight men voted for the sittingmem-
ber, and were counted for the contestant. The
matter will be found on the 43d page of the mi-
nority report, it is to be found precisely in the
same words m the printed brief of the counsel
for the sitting member. It is stated that J. B.
Carroll voted for the contestant, and is not a voter;
and thatPatnek Sullivan voted for him, and that
he is not naturalized. Then follow right men
who voted for Mr. Barret and who are counted
for Mr. Blair. So says the brief of the counsel
of the sitting member, and so say the minority in
their report. It is testified to that J. B. Carroll
voted for Mr. Blair. The testimony is, that he
voted once for Mr. Blair, and four or five times for
Mr. Bairet. .Patrick Sullivan, they say, voted
for Mr. Blair; and he himself swore that he was
not naturalized. The record shows, on pages 64
and 66, that ho voted three times, and every time
for Mr. Barret, the sitting member.
The minority report, following this brief, says
that William Kerr, James L. Farrell, James
Shields, John McMorrow, Patrick Scholly,
Roger Mullally, William J. Mitchell,J. 11. Wash-
ington, John Fitzmaunce, and Pat Hennessy,
all"voted for Banet, but were counted for Blair.
Now turn to page 79 of the evidence, and you
will see that Kerr (No. 87) voted for Ban et; turn
to page ttO, and you will see that James L. Far-
rell (No. 152) voted for Barret; to page 8i, and
you will see that James Shields (No. 156) voted
for Barret; to page 80, and you will see that John
McMoriow (No. 306) voted for Barrel: to pace
80, and you will see that Patrick Scholly (No. 65)
voted for Barret; to page 83, and you will see
that William J. Mitchell (No. 37) voted for Bar-
ret; and to pages 80 and 84, and you will find
that Pat Hennessy (Nos. 27 and 162) voted twice
for Barret; and to page 45, and you will see that
Thornton Grim by (No. 181) voted for Brcckni-
•ridge and was counted for him. Turn to page
30, and it appears that Charles G. Mauro is
counted precisely as he swore that he voted.
There no such name in the printed list as Charles
G. Mauro; but there is one Charles G. Munroe,
(No. 122,) and 1 presume he is the same man,
and he voted for Breckinridge. And these eight
men upon the one side, transferred to the other
side, make a dilfeience of sixteen; and then two
more are deducted by the minority from the poll
of the contestant, when, m point of fact, they
should have been left just as they were, with the
exception of one of them, who, as the evidence
shows, voted four times tor Barret; and therelore
three votes should be taken from Barret's count;
and another, who voted twice for Barret, one of
which votes should also be taken from Barret's
count.
With this brief review, I propose to State to
the House in what manner the committee have
attempted to purge this vote. As was to be ex-
pected, such an increase of votes, traceable only
to fraudulent votes, would be naturally found in
precincts where they could be most easily cast.
Hence, most naturally, such precincts as the Gra-
vois* coal mines—little precincts where ordinarily
but about 50 votes are cast, and where little atten-
tion was paid to the polls—would be selected for
this purpose; and in thatprecinct there were found
to have been eight-fold the ordinary number of
votes cast. There were four or five other such
Erecincts. In such precincts, of course, it would
e natural that you should find irregularities; but
the judges of election could not, if they were res-
idents, fail to observe that strangers came there to
vote; and though the law requires that every man
who undertakes to vote in any other precinct than
that in which he lives shall take an oath that he has
not voted and will not vote in any other precinct,
yet it appears from the testimony that this oath
never was administered at those precincts; that,
when the judges wore called upon to administer
the oath, they failed to administer it, placing their
refusal upon the ground that if a voter was per-
sonally known to them, they could not, upon
their construction of the law, be called upon to
administer the oath to him. The committee were
of opinion that the law was intended to place some
check upon the voter, in requiring him to swear
both that he had not already voted, and that he
would not thereafter vote.
Then there were, as set forth in tho report of
the committee, irregularities; showing themselves
in the fact that there would be a number of votes
with the same number upon them; and men voting
sometimes twice, sometimes thrice, sometimes in
the same, and sometimes in different precincts,
thereby multiplying their vote manifold in the
general result. And when you come to an exam-
ination of the forms of the returns in this instance,
we find them peculiar. Tho law of Missouri, in
reference to the vote for member of Congress,
provides that the judges of the election shall take
an oath of office peculiar in its phraseology, and
calculated, if heeded, to put some check upon
irregularities at the polls. The form is this:
"I do solemnly swear that I will faithfully and impar-
tially discharge tlie duty of judge of the present election,
according to law, and to the beta of my ability, and that I
will studiously endeavor to prevent fraud, deceit, and abuse
in conducting the same*"
Now, in none of these precincts was this last
clause of the oath imposed upon the judges. For
some reason, none of them swore in so many
words that they would " studiously endeavor to
prevent fraud, deceit, and abuse in conducting3'
the election. But the committee did not think
that that materially affected the case, because, if
a judge had sworn in good faitfi that he would
faithfully perform the duty of judge, it was the
opinion of the committee that it covered the whole
ground.
Butthe statute of Missouri, in reference to con-
gressional elections, prescribes that a certificate
of this oath shall accompany the returns. Now,
in three or four of these precincts, where this
most singular development of the increase of votes
appeared, there was no such certificate accom-
panying the returns. There was, therefore, no
evidence before the committee that the judges of
those precincts had been qualified; and the com-
mittee came to the conclusion that, as the forms
of law were designed to secure to the elector a free
exercise of the elective fnmchise, so they never
should be used to thwart that exercise; they there-
fore decided that, though there was no evidence
of the qualification of the judges returned with the
votes, accoiding to law, nevertheless, it was per-
fectly competent to prove that the judges had been
qualified.
The contestant alleged, in his nineteenth speci-
fication of the grounds of cont« st, that in this par-
ticular precinct the judges weie not sworn. The
certificate required by the law to accompany the
return, as evidence that they had been qualified,
was wanting. It was perfectly competent, in the
opinion of the committee, to prove that the judges
had been qualified; but who should prove it?
Should the man who says that these votes should
