684
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
shall now take the vote upon seconding the de-
mand for the previous question.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope the gentleman from
Missouri will allow me to have my amendment
read for information.
Mr..PHELPS. I should be very willing to
gratify my friend; but 1 think my proper course
is to insist upon the demand for the previous
question.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. This is taking an
unexpected judgment of the House.
Mr. BURNETT. I call the gentleman from
New York to order. The question is not debat-
able.
The SPEAKER. The question is, on second-
ing the demand for the previous question.
Mr. MILLSON. I suppose it is in order to
have the amendment reported to the House. The
Chair decides, I understand, that it is but a sin-
gle amendment. I ask that it may be reported to
the House.
The amendment was reported.
Mr. GROW. I now call for a division of the
amendment when we come to vote upon it.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the Speaker decides that
that is but one amendment, I want the House to
say whether it is or not, by its recorded vote.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decidcd that the
amendment offered was a single amendment, for
the reason that it was offered as such, and no ob-
jection taken at the time to its being so regarded.
The Chair thinks it is now too late to raise an
objection.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Chair forgets. I rose
to a point of order as soon as the gentleman from
Missouri proposed his amendment; and, if the
Chair will reilect for a moment, he must know
that such was the fact. As soon as I could got
the floor, I stated my point of order. I called the
attention of the Chair, as soon as I could get the
floor, to my point of order; so that the reason on
which the Chair decides against me docs not exist.
Now, I take an appeal from the decision of the
Chair, because it is important that we shoxdd set-
tle our rules of proceedings in these matters; it is
important that we should go upon some principle
or other by which we a<fe to be governed in the
transaction of our business. If the gentleman who
holds control of the bill, has the right, at the same
time, to offer a dozen, twenty, or an unlimited
number of amendments, call them all one amend-
ment, and thus put it in the power of the major-
ity, with an iron rule, to prevent the minority ft om
offering amendments, and from all debate, £ think
the House should so decide, by its recorded vote.
I therefore take an appeal from the decision of the
Ohair. and call for the yeas and nays upon the
appeal. If the House says the Speaker is right,
then I shall say no more, though I shall still think
the decision wrong. -
Mr. AVASHDURNE, of Illinois. I move to
Jay the appeal upon the table.
Mr. REAGAN. 1 call for the yeas and nays
upon that motion.
Mr. MILLSON. I wish to make a proposi-
tion to the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Hous-
ton] and to the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Phelps.] Mr. Speaker, it was to prevent this
very difficulty that I voted against suspending
the rules, to enable us to consider this bill in the
House. I now propose to the gentleman from
Alabama that he shall withdraw his appeal from
the decision of the Chair—which, by the way, I
think is well taken—and that the gentleman from
Missouri propose that, by unanimous consent, the
bill shall be considered in the House as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, that it be read, section by
section, for amendment.
Mr. GROW. I desire to know whether my
demand for a division of the question was recog-
nized?
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to debate.
Mr. GROW. I rise to a question of order. I
am not debating.
Mr. HOUSTON. One question of order is
aheady pending, and another cannot be made at
this time
Mr. GROW. I appeal to the Chair to know
whether my call for a division of the question was
recognized, for the reason that I am compelled to
leave the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. I call the gentleman to
order.
: The SPEAKER. The Chair understood that
no objection was taken to the call of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, and the vote will there-
fore be taken separately upon the two branches
of the amendment. The question is upon laying
the appeal upon the table, upon which the j'eas
and nays have been demanded.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 135, nays 59; as follows:
Y EAS—Messrs.Charles F. Adams, Green Adams, Adrain,
Aldnch, Alley, Ashley, Babbitt, Barrett, Beale, Binshani,
Blair, Blake, Boyce, Brayton, Brigg*, Bnstow, Buffinton, ;
Builingame, Burnham, Burroughs, Butterfield, Campbell, j
Carey, Carter, John B. Clark, Clemens, Colfax, Conklmg, ,
Corwin, Covode, Cox, James Craig, Curtis, II. Winter j
Davis, Dawes, Delano, Dimmiek, Duell, Edgerton, Ed- |
wards, Ely, Farnswoith, Fenton, Furry, Florence, Foster, j
Frank, Gilmer, Gooch, Graham, Grow, Gurley, Hale,Hall, ;
flamilton, Haskm, Hatton, Hawkins, Helnnck, Hickman,
Hill, Hoard, ilolman, Howard, Humphrey, Iiutchins, Ir-
vine, Junkin, Fianeis W. lOllogs, William Kellogg, Ken-
yon, Kiigore, Lamar, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, Loomis,
Lovejoy, Maliorv, Marston, Charles D. Martin, MeKcan,
McKmght, Miles. Mill ward, Montgomery, Moorhcad, Mor-
rill, Isaac N. Moms,Moise,Nelson,Nixon,Noell, Palmer,
Perry, Pettit, Peyton, Phelps, Porter, Potter, Pottle, Pryor,
Reynolds, Rice, Christopher Robinson, Royce, Schwartz,
Seranton, Sedgwick, Sherman, Somes, Spauldins, Spinner,
Stanton,Stevens, William Stewart, Stokes, Stout,Tappan,
Thayei, Theakei, Tompkfns, Tiain, Trimble, Vandever,
Verree, Wade, WaUlum, Walton, Cadwalader C. Wash-
bimi, Ellihu B- Washburne, Israel Washburn, Webster,
Wells, Wilson, and Woodruff—135.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Thomas L. Anderson, Ashmore,
Avery, Bavksdalc, Bonbam, Botelcr, Bouligny, Brabson,
lUirch, Burnett, Clopton, Cobb, John Cochrane, Cooper,
Crawloui. Cuny, John G. Davis, Reuben Davis, De Jar-
nette, Edmund-on, English, Gaitrell, Hardeman, John T.
Harris, Hmdinan, lloucton, Hughes, Jackson, Jenkins,
Jones, lieitt, Lamlrum, Lairahee, Leake, Logan, Maelay,
Eiheit S. Maitin, Maynard, MeClcrnand, McQueen, Mc-
Rae. Million, Sydenham Moote, Niblack, Quarles, Reagan,
Rizis. Jame<C. Uohm^on, RufTin, Rust, Singleton, William
N II. Smith, James A. Stewait, Taylot, Thomas, Vance,
Window, and W light—
f !3o the appeal was laid on the table.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. DUNN stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Ste>enson* for to-day.
Mr. BUFFINTON stated that his colleague,
j Mr. Ei-iot, had paired off with Mr. Lo\e until
Monday.
The question then recurred upon seconding the
demand for the previous question.
Mr. HOUSTON. Before the question is taken
on seconding the previous question, I notify gen-
tlemen that I shall object to a division of the
question on the amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gentle-
man is too late. It was demanded by the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Grow.]
Mr. FLORENCE. I demand tellers on sec-
onding the call for the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Buffinton,
and Dams of Indiana, were appointed.
The House divided, and the tellers reported—
t'lyes one hundred and four, noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded.
The mam question was then ordered; being first
upon the first branch of the amendment, as fol-
lows:
Strike from the second section the wordssalaries of
oificeis and cleikV a,id in lieu thereof m^eit:
Exclusively lor compensation to po->tma«tcrs and clerks
in their offices, nml depredations, and special agents.
Mr. HOUSTON. I know that there is a class
of public cieditors left out; and I ask the gentle-
man from Missouri to state who they are.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Those who have
furnished mail-bags, locks, and other material.
Mr. PHELPS. The amendment merely changes
the phraseology without changing the disposition
of the fund.
Mr. HOUSTON. This amendment, however,
I leaves out a portion of the public creditors.
! The amendment was adopted.
: Mr. PHELPS moved to reconsider the vote
bv which the amendment was adopted; and also
; moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
i the table.
| The latter motion was agreed to.
i The question recurred upon the second branch
j of the amendment, to strike out the following sec-
i tion:
t Sec. 3. Jlnd he it further enacted, That inteiest. at the
} late ot six per cent, per annum, to commence one month
[ after the expiration of the quarter m which the service was
I rendered, to the date of the approval of this act, ^hall be
i paid on all turns found due to the eontiactors for cariyntg
j the mail; and that a sum sufficient to pay the samebe,and
. is herebj, appropriated out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Notwithstanding
that the previous question has been seconded, I
have the right now to do what the rules of the
House authorize, and that is, before the question
is taken upon the motion to strike out the section,
to perfect it by amendment. By the reading of
| the substitute which I propose, the House will
; perceive that I desire to include in the section
! those who have furnished mail-bags, locks, &e.
j The Clerk read, as follows:
! Sec. 3. And he it further enacted, That inteiest at the
j rate of six per cent, per annum, to commence one month
I after the expiration of the quarter in which the service was
! rendered, and to the date of the approval of this act, shall
• be paid on all sums found due to eontiactors, for cariying
the mails, furnishing mail-bags and locks, furnishing paper,
blanks, and all other materials for the u^eof the Po.-t Otfiee
Department; and that a sum sufficient to pay the same be,
and the same is hereby, appropriated out oi an) money m
the Treasury not otherwise appiopriated.
Mr. PHELPS. I make the point of order that
the amendment is not now m order, the main
question having been ordered.
The SPEAKER. No further amendment can
be made, in the opinion of the Chair.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I submit to the
decision of the Chair.
Mr. MAYNARD. Do I understand that it is
not in order to perfect the section before the ques-
tion is taken upon the motion to strike out?
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that, the
main question having been ordered, neither de-
bate nor amendment is in order, except by unan-
imous consent.
Mr. MAYNARD. I do not propose to take
an appeal from the decision of the Chair, but I do
i state that I wish to move an amendment to the
j! section before the question is taken on the motion
l! to strike out.
Objection was made.
Mr. RUST demanded the yeas and nays on the
motion to strike out.
Mr. CRAWFORD demanded tellers on the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Nixon and
Maynard were appointed.
i The House divided; and the tellers reported—
'! ayes 33, noes 104. *
So (one fifth voting in favor thereof) the yeas
and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided m
I; the negative—yeas 76, nays 118; as follows-:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Adrain. Aldrich,
Alley, Babbitt, Beale, Bingham, Blau, Blake, Builingame,
.! JRmrongh«. Butterfield, Carey. Case, Horace F. Claik,
;i Conkling,Corwin, Curtis, II. Winter Davis, Duel!, Edger-
li ton, Edwards, Ely, Farn^vortb, Fenton, Fiank, French,
j! Gooch, Gutley, Hall, Helmick, Hoatd, Ilumpbiey, Htitch
'' ins, livnie, Frmcis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Kenyon,
;i Killmger, DeWitt C. Leach. Lee, Lovejoy, Marston, Mc-
■ Kcan, McKmght, Moirill, Morse, Nixon, Palmer, Perry,
' | Pettit, Pholp-s, Potter, Pottle,Reynolds. Rice, Roj ce, Scran-
'I ton, Sedgwick, Sherman, Spnulding, Spinner, Stanton,
: Stevens, William Stewart, Stokes, Train, Vandever,Wade,
i. "Walton, Cadwalader C. W.i-hburn, Ellihu B. Wa&hburnc,
K Israel Washburn, Well*. Wilson, and Woodruff—76.
NAYS—Messrs. Green Adams, Allen, Thomas L. An-
;: der?on, Ashley, Ashmore, Avery, Barksdale, Barr, Barrett.
' Bocock, Bonbam, Bot'Ier, Bouligny, Bojce, Brabson,
I, Brayton, Bristow, Buffinton, Burch, Burnett, Burnham,
:j Campbell, John B. Clark, Clemens, Clopton, Cobb, John
j: Cochrane, Colfax, Coopei, Covode, Cox. James Craig,
II Burton Craige, Cravfoid, Curry, John G Davi^, Reuben
j' Davis, Dawes, De Jarnctt", Delano, Dimmiek, Edmundson,
j! Ferry, Florence, Foster, iWke, Gartrell, Gilmer, Graham,
i! Hale, Hamilton, John T. Harris, IIa>kin, Hatton, Hawkins,
j; Hill, Ilindman, Holman, Houston, Howard, Hughes, Jaek-
iLson, Jenkins, Jones, Junkin, Kent, Kilgore, Lamai, Lan-
, drum, Leake, Logan, Loomis, Maelay. Malioiy, Charles
!; D. Martin, Elbert S. Maitin, Maynard, McQueen, McRac,
i' Mdlson, MiHwaid, Montgomery, Lahan T. Moore, Sjdcn-
! ham Moore, Moorhead, Ed waul JoyMoiris, Isaac N.Mor-
i ri*, Ncl&ou, Niblack, Noell, Pendleton, Pejton. Porter,
i Q.uai!o>, Rertsan, Rigg-?, Clnwtopher Robinson, James C.
; Robinson. RufFm. Rust, Schwartz, Sickles, William Smith,
■ ; William N. H. Smith, Somes, James A. Stewart, Stout,
; Tappan, Taylor, Thomas, Tompkins, Trimble, Vance, Van
:j Wyek, Veriee, Webster, Winslow, and Wright—118.
,i So the third section of the bill was not stricken
J! OUt.
;; During the above call,
j' Mr. ENGLISH stated that he had paired with
i: Mr. Waldron until it should be otherwise an-
il nounced.
i! Mr. GARNETT stated that he had paired with
j! Mr. Grow.
Mr. STANTON said: I vote in the nfiirniatixe
to striko out this third section, for the reason that
it contains no provision that the receipt of int(r-
; est is in full for damages, and because it is stated
that question will receive the consideration of the
" House hereafter.
Mr. ALLEY said: Mr. Speaker, I wish to
