1704
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 13,
was before the Senate, and which I think passed
the Senate, the amount was greatly l$ss; I think
probably not more than twenty thousand dollars.
I cannot recollect now. If I had time to examine,
I would look; but I think, at that time, as it could
not be ascertained with accuracy before the^pH
passed the Senate, those who were in favor of it
found themselves obliged, as there was no ev-
idence to sustain such an amount of claim, to put
the amount down; and my impression is, that in
that shape it did pass the Senate, though it was
resisted. By looking back to the Congressional
Globe 1 can tell. It is within a period of some
seven or eight years that that occurred. The case
was before Congress often before that. It was
resisted, and resisted as a case of no merit, by the
honorable Senator then representing the State of
Missouri, as I mentioned. I know that gentleman
was a man very often of strong prejudices; he
may have been misinformed; but lie entertained
an opinion against the merits of this claim, and
I am very sure he resisted it. There were other
able and intelligent men in public life, nearer to
the time of the transaction than we arc, who were
opposed to the allowance of this claim.
feut I rest my own vote upon what I have stated
—that X think the precedent too dangerous to be
sanctioned by Congress; and as to Mr. Pauld-
ing's subsequent statement—that if he had re-
mained in the Department he would have ordered
the hemp that was rejected to be received—how
could he tell anything about it? He was no
proper judge of hemp. He never examined this
hemp. He took the statements of others after he
was out of office; and it was natural. Able as
Mr. Paulding was—and I do not deny it; man of
undoubted integrity,as he was—and 1 do not deny
it—1 do not think he was a remarkable adminis-
trative officer; I do not think he was so estimated
throughout the country. He wrtfe a man of a high
>rder of ability; a great writer, in many respects;
but 1 do not think the impression made on the
country was, that his particular/w/c was admin-
istrative talent. These opinions; are but the opin-
i >ns of a gentleman supporting a contract which
bo had made without authority of law. He had
n.  competency to decide about this hemp. His
opinion, therefore, intervowen into the report of
tne House committee, is entitled to little weight.
As to the question of corruption, I agree with
fie honorable Senator from Louisiana. At the
tune to which I have referred, I examined the tes-
timony which was before the Senate when this
question was discussed before, and which had
been for years before it, and certainly it afforded
no possible reasonable ground for attacking the
character of the inspe< tors on (he ground of cor-
ruption, though their was the imputation that
foreign importers m Ri,ston had influenced them
m their decision; but theie was no proof of that
whatever; nor were the men themselves examined.
The testimony was all on one side, as it always
was in Congress at that day. I have a strong
conviction that, where a man seeks to do justice
n a matter of this kind, he must not only hear
both sides, but he ought to hear the evidence on
both sides; and in a case involving the character
of those officers of the Government, I think they
had a rtelit to be heard, and not to be condemned
by Mr. Paulding, after he went out of office, or
by any other man, as guilty of corrupt practices,
or undue or anluwful acts, without being heard,
and without having their own statements of the
grounds and reasons on which they acted. The
Secretary of the Navy at that day did not choose
to send it back; did not choose to make the allow-
ance. Why could it not have been done? Why
could not the party, if his hemp was improperly
rejected, have come and applied to Mr. Badger,
who was then Secretary of the Navy, I believe,
and have said to him, "Sir, send this back for
reexamination by somebody else, because it has
been un justly rejected, under improper influences,
by these inspectors in Boston r Would not that
have been the natural course, when the inquiry
could be made at once; made while the hemp was
still there, and could be the subject of examina-
tion by persons skilled in the examination ? Yet
did all that take place 5 No; not from any evi-
dence that I reccollect in this case.
On the whole, sir, without the slightest preju-
dice against this party, or xathur with a feeling of
sympathy for hini, because lie had embarked in
a losing undertaking—for that was my feeling—
I cannot reconcile my mind to vote in favor of an
allowance by Congress of a sum to Mr. Myerle,
because it involves the recognition by Congress
of an undoubted assumption of authority beyond
the extent of his powers by the Secretary of the
Navy; and which, if recognized by Congress,
will only lead to further assumptions by other
officers under similar circumstances.
Mr. SLIDELL. Mr. President, I do not think
the exact state of this case has been precisely pre-
sented yet by any Senator. Mr. Myerle was a
gentleman whose attention had been turned to-
wards the culture of hemp. He had his own ideas
on the subject. He thought, no doubt, that while
benefits could be rendered to the country, he could
profit himself by the introduction of such culture.
He applied to the Secretary of the Navy, or, if
gentlemen please, the Secretary of the Navy ap-
plied to him. He did not ask that a certain sum
of money should bo given to him for the purpose
of stimulating this enterprise; but he said to the
Secretary oftheNavy, "ifyou will givemo a con-
tract"—in the first instance, I believe, for three
hundred tons of hemp, which was afterwards in-
creased to five hundred—"if you will give me a
contract for such a quantity of hemp, on such
terms as I think will be remunerative, I will under-
take to make the experiment." That was the in-
duccmant held out to Mr. Myerle. The promise
said tohavc been made was asubsequentone. Mr.
Myerle went to work in good faith and attempted
the culture of hemp. Certainly, he could never
have expected to make the quantity of five hun-
dred tons by any single establishment in a new
enterprise of that sort, and by labor supervised
only Dy himself. I presume he intended to do it
by sub-contracts. He did produce a certain quan-
tity of hemp, and delivered it at the navy-yard in
Boston; ana it was there inspected by the proper
officers of the Government and rejected.
It has been confidently asserted by the Senator
from Maine, that the testimony was conclusive
thatthishemphad been improperly rejected. Now
I differ toto ccelo with the Senator oifc that point.
There is no such evidence. On the contrary, the
evidence proves that the hemp was not equal to
the sample foj- which the contract stipulated. The
hemp was rejected. Mr. Myerle then applies to
Mr. Paulding, Secretary of the Navy, and he tells
him he will see him through—he shall not lose
any money. Here the first question presents it-
self, whether mere vague conversations of an offi-
cer of the Government, however high, to induce
a man to enter into an enterprise, impose any
moral obligation oil Congress. I speak not of
legal obligations. To what injurious consequences
to the public Treasury, and the public morals too,
might not such a system lead? Now I assert
most positively that,'in the first place, there is no
proof that this hemp was improperly rejected. I
assert most positively, that the proof is complete
that Mr. Myerle did not comply with the terms
of his contract. He has not pretended that he
complied with them. However, in the first in-
s-tance, I am disposed to meet the assertion made
by the Senator from Georgia. He states that it
was conclusively proved that this hemp was re-
jected in consequence of some collusion and cor-
ruption on the part of the officers.
Mr. IVEIlSOT^j No; but I said that was my
conclusion.
Mr. SLIDELL. The Senator from Georgia
referred to the report of Mr. Mallory, the chair-
man of the Naval Committee; and I will here, by
the way, state that my first impressions about
this case were derived from a verv careful exam-
ination of it when I was first jjhriember of the
Committee on Naval Affairs. 1 thought then
that the claim was unfounded; but a majority of
the committee thought differently, and a report
was made on the subject to the Senate; the bill
was discussed with a great deal of zeal and talent
on both sides of the question; the matter was fully
examined by the Senate, and the result of the
deliberations of the Senate on that occasion was,
not to pass a bill for the sum of §45.000, but, if
my recollection serves me—and I will appeal to
the Senator from New Jersey [Mr. Thomson] on
that subject, for he took a very active interest in
favor of the bill,and spoke upon the subject—the
bill, as it passed the Senate, gave Mr. Myerle
$10,000, and no moie. Now, as to the'charge of
corruption, which is said to be sustained against
i the inspectors 
Mr. POLK. If the Senator will allow me, I
think it is due to this claimant that I should make
an explanation which meets the point that was
first referred to by the Senator from Delaware,
and now again by the Senator from Louisiana,
that the bill, as it on one occasion passed the Sen-
ate, was for a less amount than it has been re-
ported both by the committees of the House and
Senate this year. The increase has been put upon
the amount for the reason that, after the case went
to theCourtof Claims there was testimony taken,
as I understand, pretty extensively on both sides,
and it showed that the amount originally claimed,
and for which a bill formerly passed the Senate,
was too small; and hence the committee became
satisfied that the amount was not adequate to re-
pair the damage that had been inflicted upon, or
perhaps I ought to say that been suffered by, Mr.
Myotic. That is his explanation of it.
Mr. SLID ELL. To recur to what I was about
stating as to the evidence which was so confidently
asserted to exist, showing collusion and corrup-
tion on the part of officers m Boston, the whole
foundation of this charge is a single paragraph of
a letter of Mr. Paulding, the Secretary of the
Navy. He says:
" Had I been at the head of the Navy Department at the
time your hemp was rejected,! wouM mo t assuredly have
taken upon mvself the responsibility of directing it to be.
received, notwithstanding it was reported somewhat in-
ferior, not in quality, I believe, but in cleanliness, orsome-
thmg of that sort. I have always suspected that wrong was
done you by the persons who made the trial, in consequence
of sonic secret influence excrcUed over them; and this sus-
picion was verified to me by the late Commodore Nichol-
son nbout three years ago. The commodore succeeded to
the command of the yard at Boston, and assured me you
had not justice done you in the trial.''
In another letter, he says that Commodore
Nicholson assured him—
"That corrupt means had been used to induce the in-
spectors to come to that conclusion."
What is*this? It is the statement of a Secre-
tary of the Navy,^ho really knew nothing about
hemp. It is derived from conversation with an
officer who was not in command at the time, and
knew nothing of the transaction but what he had
hoard from officers there. No attempt was m$de
before the Court of Claims, or no successful at-
tempt, no evidcncc was produced before the Court
of Claims to show that this contract had been
violated by the United States, or that any dam-
ages resulted from that contract. The claimant,
it appeals, endeavored to showljy testimony that
this hemp had been improperly rejected; but the
court say:
" It is not contended by the claimant that these contracts
have been pei formed on ins part, or that he has anv eauso
or action against the United States arising out of any fail-
ure on then part to perform the stipulations in the contract.
The claimant alleges that the liability of the United States-
depend: on a verbal contract made between himself and
the Secretary of the Navy (Mr. Paulding) m the year 1839."
I am not disposed to occupy the attention of the
Senate m this matter; but I will send to the desk
to bo read a portion of the opinion of the Court
of Claims, that'I think points out the danger that
will result from legislation of the character con-
templated by this bill in the strongest terms. I
ask the clerk to read page 59.
The Secretary read, as follows:
"There is no doubt that the Navy commissioners, under
the direction of the Secretary, were competent to make the
contracts in question for the deliveiy of American water-
lottedhemp; but no question on that point need bo made in
the present case. The question presented t*, whether tho
Secietary could bind the United States by hi« promise to in-
demnity the claimant for any loss he might sustain by mak-
ing the experiment whether Amcncan water lotted hemp
could be successfully introduced. Such a promise gives the
claimant liberty to make any experiments on the subject, at
any time, and at any place within the United States. He
is not limited, either as to the amount of capital he might
inve-n, oi the extent of the liability he might impo>e upon
the Government. lie is to select the place ot his operations
the agent* to conduct the business, and the maimer in which
the experiments should be tiied. It is in suh-tanee the ap-
pointment of an agent of the United States to exercise his
own discretion, subject to no limitations, and personally
responsible for no lo^es, except such as might happen in
consequence of his own bad faith. The buMnes- was the
claimant's, and the profits of it belonged to him, while the
losses were to be made good by the Government. If theex-
peiimejit* were successful, the benefit to the United States
would be that we should depend upon American hemp for
the supply of the Navy, without being compelled to impoit
it hom Russia.
Now, u is very clear that this is not a contract for the
delivery of hemp to the United States ; it is mei <'ly a con
tract to indemnify a citizen fni an expet mient which might
or might not result in a national benefit. We are not aware
that, by any act of Congress, or b> any practice, any tfec
retary is authorized to make a contract subject to no lim
