I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
265
3Gtii Cong.... 1st Sess.
The Slavery Question—Mr. Washburn
Ho. of Reps.
State that should deprive me of the use of that
discretion and judgment which I am allowed to
use in regard to the admission of a free State?
In the admission of Minnesota into the Union,
several southern members voted against the ad-
mission because aliens were allowed to vote; and
yet, they were not reproachcd with trespassing
upon any constitutional right. If a southern man
votes against the admission of a free State because
her constitution allows aliens to vote, it is all right
in the estimation of the Democracy; bitf if a north-
ern man votes against the admission of a State
because her constitution allows slavery, the whole
pack of northern doughfaces open outin full cry,
and declare that you have violated your oath to
support the Constitution. From this it may readily
be seen in how much higher estimation is held the
right of the people in the new States to hold human
beings in perpetual bondage, than of the same
States to secure the privilege of voting to citizens
of foreign birth; such is modern Democracy. I
may be pardoned for a few words more upon this
question of the admission of more slave States.
Mr. Chairman, what says the Constitution in
regard to the admission of new States into this
Union? The following is its language upon that
subject:
" New State* may be admitted by the Congress into this
Union; but no new State shall be formed or erected with-
in the jurisdiction of any other State ; nor any State iorrncd
by the junction of two or more States, or parts of States,
without the consent of the Legislatures of the States con-
cerned, as weli\s of the Congress."
The above is all the Constitution says on the
subjcct.
New States may be admitted. Nowhere does
it declare that new States shall be admitted, re-
gardless of all other considerations, except the
requisite population, and a constitution republican
in form. A fair construction of that clause of
the Constitution clearly leaves the question en-
tirely in the discretion of Congress.
Could there be any doubt as to the construc-
tion of this clause, I would quote some opinions
upon the subject of some of our wisest men who
have expressed themselves upon it. 1 will,how-
ever, quote the opinion of but one man, and he a
man whose authority upon a question of consti-
tutional law will be regarded as the very highest
that could be invoked. I need not say that I al-
lude to the " great expounder of the Constitu-
tion, " Daniel Webster.
In the year 1837, Mr. Webster, in a speech at
Niblo's Garden m New York, discussed the slave
question at length, and spoke of the danger of its
extension. After remarking that Congress had no
power over it in the States already in the Union,
ne spoke as follows:
'• But when wo come to speak of admitting new States,
the .subjcct assume* an entirely difFetent aspect. The tiee
State* and all the States are then at liberty to accept oi le-
ject. When it is proposed to admit new member? into this
political partnership, thuold members have the right to.^ay
on what terms such nevvpai ujum are to come xn, and what
they arc to bun? aloiv with them.'5
In the Senate of the United States, in 1848,
when discussing the Oregon bill, Mr. Webster
said :
" I have said that I ?hall consent to no extension of the
area of slavery on this continent, nor to any incieas>e of
slave representation in the oilier IIounp of Congress. f
have now stated my reasons loi my conduct and my vote.
We of tile Noith have already gone in this respect tar be-
yond all that any southern man could have cxpected, or
did expect at the time ol the adoption of the Constitution.
I repeat the statement ot the iact of the creation of five
new *)avehoidiri2 States out ot newly-acquired temtory.
We have done that which, if tho-e who framed the Con-
stitution had foreseen, they never would have agreed to
slave icpresentation."
The speech from which I have just quoted con-
cludes with the following emphatic words:
"I have made up my mind for one, that under no cir-
cumstances will I conscnt to the further extension of sla-
very in the United States, or to the further increase ofslave
representation in the House of Representatives."
And in his famous 7th of March speech, 1850,
he expressed the same sentiments in the follow-
ing language:
"It has happened, that between 1837 and this time, on
vaiious occa-ions I have express-ud my entire opposition to
the admission of new slave States or the acquisition of
slave Termors to be added to the United States. 1 know,
sir, no change in my own sentiments or my own puipo^es
in this iexpect."
The same idea, only in stronger language,was
subsequently expressed by him in a speech in
Buffalo in 1851; but I have not time to quote it,
or to dwell longer on this subject.
My colleague says that he " once had respect
for the Republican organization." I think, Mr,
Chairman, thatt^| Republicans will feel bad when
they come to hear that he respects them no longer.
He did not inform us when he withdrew from the
Republican party that which is so necessary to
its reputable existence—his respect. I suppose
the time when he respected the Republican party
was the time when the Democratic party of Wis-
consin occupied the same position on the slave
question that we then and now occupy. Because
the Republican party has not changed position
with the Democracy on this question, it has for-
feited his respect. Sad calamity! But before he
proclaims his want of respect for the Republican
party, he had better give hi3 southern friends
some reason for his party'schangingfront. They
distrust all those who make so radical a change
as from freedom to slavery; and they want"a
reason, and a good one, before they will believe
in its sincerity; and they svant to know why it is
that the Democracy of Wisconsin, a few years
ago, laid down, in solemn State convention, a
platform of principles which he now repudiates.
The following are some of the resolutions passed
at that convention:
ii Resolved, That we are opposed to the extension of
slavery into territory now free.
" Resolved, That we are opposed to the admission ofany
new States into this Union, the constitution or Jawi of
which create or sustain slavery.
" Resolved, That all national laws which sustain or recog-
nize slavery, except where th«' institution exists as a dis-
tinct State light, should be repealed-
" Resolved, That we believe it to bo the duty of Congress
to incorpoiate the proviMons ol the ordinance of 1787, pro-
hibiting slavery or involuntary servitude, .into all torii-
tonal organic acts hereafter to be passed, and to oppose the
admission into the Union of any more slave States."
Now, I think thatsouthern gentlemen will agree
with me, thatai comes with an ill grace for a gen-
tleman, the platform of whose party was embraced
m these resolutions, to boast of his want of re-
spect for a party which entertains the same opin-
ions that his party taught. The great majority
of the gentleman's constituents arc to-day opposed
to slavery and slavery extension: and Mr. Iver-
son was right when he declared in the Senate, the
other day, that he had no confidence in the pro-
testations of northern doughfaces, that the North
was sound on the slave question. He declared
his belief that the Democracy of the North was
" rotten" on that question. If rottenness con-
sists in their opposition to slavery, they are rotten.
1 have three times canvassed my district as a
candidate for Congress, and on each occasion my
opponent has claimed to be a better and more de-
cided opponent to slavery than I was, and con-
tended that the policy of the Democratic party
was better calculated to prevent the spread of sla-
very than the policy of the Republican party, and
that the object of the Kansas-Nebraska bill was
to give the North advantages it did not before
have. This ground was distinctly taken in our
late gubernatorial election, which took place since
the raid of John Brown into Virginia, as I will
show, before I close, from a verbatim report of
a speech made by Hon. H. C. Hobart, the late
Democraticcandidate forGovcrnor in Wisconsin,
which speech was repeated many times in differ-
ent parts of the State.
He succeeded well in persuading the people
that the Democratic party was really the party
most opposed to the extension of slavery; and it
is not unlikely that he would have been elected
had not my g^lleague, in an evil hour, taken the
stump for him. He came into my district, the
largest district in point of population of any in the
Union; a district which, at the late fall election,
polled over fifty-four thousand votes; a district
which is bounded on the west, for a distance of
three hundred miles, by the mighty "Father of
Waters," and on the north by the largest inland
sea in the world, and commenced preaching a
new doctrine. As he passed along the astonished
land, the unterrified Democracy stood aghast, and
many hung their heads from very shame.
They had not been in the habit of hearing their
stump orators eulogize slavery as a good thing,
or members of Congress proclaim their love for
the fugitive slave law, and trumpet to the world
theireagerness for a chance to testify actively their
admiration of that enactment. The result was,
that in one senatorial district canvassed by my
colleague, which elected-a Democratic State sen-
ator two years ago by several hundred majority,
a Republican was chosen at the late election by
aboutfour hundred majority. In the other district
visited by my colleague, which elected a Demo-
cratic senator two years ago, l^y about three hun-
dred majority, a Republican was chosen by a
majority of over eleven hundred. Thus the Re-
publicans, by the teachings of my colleague,gained
two State senators, and about two thousand votes
in two senatorial districts alone. Could he have
gone through the State and repeated the same
speech that he spoke in my district, I have no
doubt that, instead of the Republican party having
a ma jority of four thousand in the State, they would
have had a majority of twenty thousand.
My colleague favoredthe House and the country
with a disquisition upon the different races of men.
He does not believe in the unity of the human
race, and claims to be the inventor of a new idea.
He thinks that St. Paul was slightly mistaken
when he stood upon Mars' Hill and declared to
the haughty Athenians that " God had created of
one blood all nations of men to dwell on the face
of the earth." He doubtless belongs to that class
of philosophers that Hudibras speaks of;
" Some philosophers of late here
Write men have four legs by nature;
And that ;tis custom makes them go
Erroneously upon but two."
In support of his theory of plurality of races,
my colleague has made the wonderful discovery
that the African race is the most affectionate of
beings, from which he deduces the conclusion
that ho was made to be enslaved. That the affec-
tions do largely predominate in the African race
is no doubt true; and because it is so, because in
all the relations of husband and wife, parent and
child, they feel more deeply than others, he Vnakes
it a reason for upholding and extending an insti-
tution which disregards all the ties of affection,
teai s asunder husband and wife, parent and child,
and consigns them to a life of perpetual bondage.
Because tins race, according to my colleague, pos-
sesses the gentlest of sensibility, is a reason with
him why these sensibilities should be taxed to
the utmost power of human endurance. Because
they arc affectionate and docile, he would trample
them under his feet. But, Mr. Chairman, I have
heard this discourse upon the races before; indeed
I have heard that same speech in the main more
than once before. I always did like that speech.
It did us great good in Wisconsin at the last elec-
tion, as I have already said. The gentleman also
spoke the same piece, I am informed, through
Minnesota during the late canvass there, and
helped our friends, as I am assured, to many thou-
sand Republican votes; and in behalf of the Re-
publicans of that young and growing State, I now
publicly thank him for the good he did our cause
there.
My friends from Connecticut in this House in-
form mc that the same old speech did duty up
there at their late election, much to the advantage
of the Republicans. I believe that, in most of the
towns where he spoke, the Republicans rolled up
increased majorities. The old pro-slavery dea-
cons up there were considerably set back by his
discourse on the races.
My colleague says that the black man is out of
place on the earth when in contact with the white
man. I agree with him; the Republican party
agrees with him. And because he is so out of
place, we propose keeping him out of the free
Territories, and not allowing him, with his un-
paid labor, to come in contact with white men
and white labor. But he inquires, "what arc you
to do with them?" I answer,that we propose to
prevent their increase as much as possible, by re-
fusing to open new territories tone despoiled by
them, and by colonizing, in Central or South
America, such free blacks as are willing to go there,
according to the plan elaborated by Francis P.
Blair, jr., and our colleague m the other end of
the Capitol, [SenatorDooLiTTLE]—apian -which I
heartily approve as the best, if not only, solution
of the question of " what are you to do with
them?"
But this question of slavery in the Territories
is purely an abstract question, says my colleague;
