688
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7.
committee have not investigated them or decided
then). We just report them back as they came |j
^ from the Court of Claims, for the consideration jj
and dccisioft of the Senate.
I will take this occasion, however, to say that |!
the committee, at the last session of Congress, |.
did investigate many of the cases, and decided tj
against the decision of the Court ol Claims, and i|
came to a different conclusion from that court. j
Sonic of the bills reported by the Court of Claims
the comtmttec did not think ought to pass, and
they made reports unfavorable to their passage, I
Some of the bills reported by the court, the com- j
mittee modified. In other caaes, where the Court j
of Claims made adverse reports, the committee jj
overruled the decision of the court, and reported j'
in favor of the claimants. But at this session, |
inasmuch as upon consultation it appeared that ,j
the act establishing the Court of Claims required !j
that all the cases should be put on the Cakndar i,
  and considered by the two Houses, the commit- ||
tee have not thought proper to investigate any 1
case, but report the facts to the Senate for their ,]
consideration. ;!
COMMAXDEU IX. ,T. IIA11TSTENE. \
Mr. HAMMOND. The Committee on Naval ;
Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of H. ;
J. Hartstonc, a commander in the Navy, praying '
that certain expenses incurred on account of the ;
bark Resolute may be allowed m the settlement j
oS his accounts, have instructed mo to report a !
joint resolution for the relief of Commander II. J. ;
* L-Iartstene, of the United States Navy. I ask that i
it he put on its passage at once. !
There being no objection, the joint resolution
(S. No. 11) for the relief of Commander H. J.
Hartstenc, of the United States Navy, was read .
twice bvits title, and considered as in Committee 1
ofthc Whole. It directs that the sum of ^2,008 60 j
be paid to him by the accounting officers of the
Treasury, on account of extra expenses mcuncd
by him m restoring the bark Resolute.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate ■
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for [
a third reading, read the thiid time, and passed. '
CAPTAIN WILLIAM BRANFORD SIIUBKICK. |
Mr. HAMMOND. The Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom the subject was referred, have
instructed me to report a joint resolution giving
the consent of Congress to William J3. Shubriek
to accept a sword presented to him by Captain
General and President Urquiza, of the Argentine ;
Confederation. 1 ask that that may also be put :
on its passage now.
There being no objection, the joint resolution ,
(S. No. 12) giving the consent of Congress to ;
Captain William 13. Shubriek to accept a sword
presented to him by Captain General and Piesi- ,
dent Urquiza, of the Argentine Confederation, u as
read twice by its title, and considered aa in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It grants the consent of
Congress to Captain William Bran ford Simhnck,
flag-officer, late commanding in chief the squad-
ron on the coast of Brazil and Paraguay expedi-
tion > to ftccept a sword presented to him by his
Excellency Justo Jose de Urquiza, Captain Gen-
eral andPrcsident of the Argentine Confederation, ,
as a mark of his appreciation of the distinguished ;
character of that officer, the sword having been !
worn by the President on the occasion of sign-
ing the new act of confederation of the Argentine
' States.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate i
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for I
a third reading, read the third time, and passed. •
HOUR OF MEETING. !
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, the organi/a- 1
tton of the two Houses now will, of necessity, ;
require that the committees shall be diligently at:
work. 1 know that those with whom I am con- 1
nectcd require more time than wc have, and I ■
have been instructed to ask the Senate that the
hour of meeting hereafter shall be again at one ;
o 'clock. I move, therefore, that when the Senate
adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet atone o'clock |
to-morrow, and so hereafter until further ordered. |
The motion was agreed to. j
PATRONAGE OF THE PRESIDENT. I
Mr. WILSON. I submit the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That a committee of •
hp appointed to
inquire into the extent of the patronago of the President of
the United States, resulting from his power ot lemoval and
appointment to oific^; and to that end, to inquire and re-
poit the number of officers or places of tins tarn! pi ofit under
the contiol of the President, (exclusive ot those ot the i
Army and Navy.) and includingbuch as are undei the con-
tiol of the heads of Departments, subordinate or inferior offi-
cer-, with the amount paid to those who aie appointed to
euch ofiicos  by the Pie&idcntorothenvise ; and,lmrhor,to
inquire whether, if in any, and in whatcasPs, fetich power
and patronage have been everted, or attempted to be ex-
eitetl or exercised, to influence the legislation by Congress,
or to direct, contrul^gr influence the votes or conduct ot
officeholder? or others, in the elections of States or Teui-
tories; and, lurthcr, to iiu|uiie whether any and what Minis
of money have been paid, or required to be paid, by pel-
sons holding offices oi tiu&t or piofit as then contributions
in support ot elections; and, fuither, to inquire into the
extent of the power and patronage of the Pie&ident of the
United States, icsultmg iiomthe expenditure of the public
money by or through the heads of Departments, subordin-
ates, and inferior othcer*, and others, excluding those whose
salaucs or wages* aic fixed by Jaw, and including wages,
fee®, and compensation ot all kinds not fixed by law, paid
to officers of Government lor semces, or gratuities, or as
participators in contiactsand iob> ie:-uHing fromorpot-
taming to their official btations, or otherwise; and, al?o,
the allowances made to contractors of ali kinds tor supplies
or services without and above their contracts or engage-
ments; to agents employed m puichasing or selling lands
or sitej for oi belonging to the Government; to agents or
p.Mions who have been employed to purchase voxels foi
the United States, tolurnif-h engines, oidnanee, ormiluary
f toie-, an<i tran^poitation tor thrt Army or the Navy ot the
United States ; and to leport by bill oi otherwise.
RELATIONS OF THE STATES.
Mi. SAULSBURY. I desire to offer a few
amendments to the resolutions offered by the Sen-
: ator from Mississippi, [Mr. Davis,] and 1 now
J ask the consent of the Senate to present thom, and
1 have them printed.
: The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
iiick in the chair.) The Chair hears no objection.
The amendments will be read.
The Secretary read them, as follows:
Amend the sixth lesolution by adding thereto, after the
woul " ledress," the follow nig : (-\\ i thin the hmitations'and
reductions of the Federal Constitution "
I Fuither amend by adding the following as the seventh
! resolution:
7. Resolved, That the Constitution of the United States
having hecn ordained and established by the people of the
several States, in oulor to loan a nioic poiteet union, estab-
lish justice, Insure domestic tianquilnty, provide foi Un-
common defence, promote the gonial wolfaie, and secure
the blesMugj of hbetfy to theim-clves and then' posteutj,
ha - been eminently piomouve ot the objects of its foima-
tiim ; and ihat it is ot infinite moment that the propie of
this whol" country should piopei ly estimate the immense
value of their Fedeial Union to their collective and indi-
vidual happiness; that they should cherish a cordial, habit-
ual, and immovable attachment to it, accustoming them-
selves to think and "peak of it u< ot' the palladium of their
political saictv and piospority; watching for its preseiva-
tmn with jealous an.urty; discountenancing whatever maj
>>U' gest oven a - u-piciou that it can in any event be aban-
doned. and indignantly fiowning upon the first dawning of
evciy attempt to alienate any portion of our countiv trom
the ir-.r, or to enteeble the sacred ties winch now link
together the various paits.
The motion to print the amendments was
agreed to.
i METEOROLOGICAL REPORTS.
; Mr. FITCH. The Committee on Printing, to
: whom the subject was referred, have instructed
me to report the following resolution:
; Resolved, That there bo punted, in addition to the usual
' number, in quaito fonn,wilh the plates to illustrate the
i bame, tlnce thousand copies ot therepoitof the Commis-
sioner of Patents on metcoiological observations, for the
u c of the Commissioner of Patent5? and the Secretary of
the Smithsonian institution.
The report was concurred in.
Mr. HUNTER. Is this a new appropriation
for printing? I do not understand what it is. I
sltould like to know something about it.
Mr. FITCH. It is new. The report of the
meteorological observations came to the Senate,
accompanying the annual report of the Commis-
sioner of Patents upon mechanics. It is the
,i leport of the several observers throughout the
■! United States, to whom instruments have been
ij furnished, I believe, by the Smithsonian Institu-
I tion, returned, m accordance with an arrangement
between that institution and the Interior l)epart-
! ment, to the Commissioner of Patents; and, of
is coursc, being returned there, it has come in with
>i his annual report. The observations will be found
II very valuable, incalculably so. The extra num-
'■\ ber, which the committee propose to print, is very
l! small, less than either the Secretary of the Smith-
li sonian Institution or the Commissioner of Patents
i desires; but all that the committee now feci at lib-
• ! erty to report in favor of.
ij Mr. HUNTER. This seems to be a new sub-
'i ject of jurisdiction falling undor thf Interior De-
partment—meteorology. I am unwilling to sanc-
tion it; I am unwilling to vote for printing these
reports. 1 hope the Senate will not agree to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair wilt
say to the Senator that the decision having been
announced, the question can only be reached by
a motion to reconsider.
Mr. HUNTER. I suppose I am entitled to
move to reconsider. I make that motion. I move
to reconsider the vote by which the printing was
ordered.
Mr. FITCH. It is due to the Senator from
Virginia to say that the request to publish this
report came personally from the Secretary of the
Smithsonian Institution, and by letter fiom the
Commissioner of Patents. His letter accompa-
nies the estimate. He urges it. The request was
complied with on the part of the committee from
a knowledge of the general value of these obser-
vations, and from deference to the source whence
the request came. The expense will be small.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to reconsider.
Mr. HUNTER. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that motion. I desire to know whether this
Interior Department is to take the subject of me-
teorology and other scientific matters under its
charge. I should like to have the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COLLAMER. We have heretofore printed
a large volume of meteorological reports, which
had been digested by Professor Blodget—a large
volume ofmX-teorological reports from the various
military stations of the United States, from which
• he had digested# certain tables and made charts
j with isothermal lines in relation to the country—
j a very valuable production. I believe those ob-
servations were made under the War Department.
Though estimating properly the value cf returns
of this kind, I should like to know if this report
covers the same regions of country and the same
periods of time as the one to which 1 have referred.
That volume was certainly made up with great
care, and published at great expense to the Gov-
| ernment. It seems to me that we are getting up
I a new matter, and what wc have never heretofore
published as derived from the returns furnished
by the Smithsonian Institution, and I should de-
sire to know whether it really covers new periods
and different regions of country.
Mr. PEARCE. It does.
Mr. HAMLIN. I should like a little more in-
formation on this matter than I now possess. If
I understand it, these are not reports that have
ever been made to Congress. They are reports
that have been made either to the Smithsonian
Institution or to the Patent Office—a bureau of the
Interior Department. It seems to me one objec-
tion to printing this volume is, that the aggregate
for the printing of this body, and of Congress, is
very large, and this goes to swell the amount for
j i purposes with which wc are in no way connected.
11 I do not undertake to say that it is not a valuable
work; I do not undertake to say that it should not
be printed and promulgated to the public; but I
do think that Congress ought not to be the pack-
horse to print everything the Departments may
desire to ha\e printed, and make us assume the
responsibility. The Departments have power to
do their own printing, and let it bo charged to
them. They ought not to come here and ask us
to do it. I do not mean to utter a word against
the work as a valuable one, for I really have no
information about it; but I am opposed to the
printing of this volume for the simple reason that
| it is a tiling that never has been transmitted to us;
a report that has never been made to Congress for
its consideration; but a report that has been com-
piled from returns \yluch have been made by gen-
tlemen who have been appointedtill over the coun-
try to make these observations, to the Smithsonian
Institution, and, perhaps, to the Patent Office. It
seems to me that they should do their own print-
ing, and not call on us to do it.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator is mistaken in say-
j ing it is a report not made to Congress. The Com-
missioner of Patents—through the Secretary of the
Interior—sent it to Congress, and the Senate re-
ferred it to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. HAMLIN. They sent it to get us to
print it.
Mr. DAVIS. Precisely. It is, however, a
report made from the Secretary of the Interior,
and accompanying the Patent Office report. If
