1708
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business,
and after some time spent therein the doors were
reopened.
A. M. FRIDLEY.
Mr. FITCH. I ask the Senate to take up, and
actupon it at this time, the joint resolution (S. No.
28) for the relief of A. M. Fridley, late agent of
the Winnebago Indians. To show the Senate
the propriety of doing so, I will state the facts of
the case.
On the 30th September, 1850, money was ap-
propriated to pay certain arrearages due the Win-
nebagoes. This money waspaid to Joseph Bryan,
the regularly authorized attorney for the Indians.
A. M. Fridley was appointed United States agent
for the Winnebagoes m December, 1850. On the
15th of October, 1851, the Indians held a council
to take into consideration their indebtedness to
certain white men, traders. The Indians acknowl-
edged an indebtedness, and requested Fridley to
investigate the amount, and pay it out of the ap-
propriation in Bryan's hands. The traders as-
sented to the arrangement, and Fridley accepted
the trust. The Indians gave him a power of
attorney, dated 17th October, 1851, to draw the
money from Bryan. On October 19, 1851, Fridley
inclosed the power of attorney to Bryan, and re-
quested that the money should be forwarded to
himself in drafts. On November 3, 1851, Bryan
sent the drafts, as requested, to Fridley, (nmount-
ingin the aggregate to $17,758,) undei cover from,
and franked by, Luke Lea, Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs. On the same day, (November 3,)
under the same cover, Mr. Lea instructed Fridley
to pay certain claims of P. Choteau, jr., & Co.,
and others, against the Indians, out of the money
that day inclosed to him. On December 12,1851,
the traders (Lowry and others) who were parties
with the Indians to the arrangement of the 15th
and 17th of October, sued outan in junction against
Fridley, restraining him from paying the money
to any other parties than themselves. The court,
in fact, seconded their demand that the arrange-
ment should be carried out. On December 22,
1851, Fridley acknowledged the receipt of Lea's
letter of November 3, and informed him of the
arrangement of the 15th and 17th October;, and
also that ho (Fridley) had been restrained by in-
junction from paying the money to' any other than
the traders who were parties to the arrangement,
and asked Leu to reconsider his instructions.
f'n March 26, 1852, Commissioner Lea an-
swered, reiterating his instructions, as follows:
"I lave carefully considered this matter, and am
satisfied that it is simply a case m which the only
Oueilion is, which of two sets of claimants against
tile Indians shall obtain satisfaction of theirclaims
out of the money of the Indians, in your hands.
1 have no difficulty in deciding this question, not-
withstanding the power of attorney and the in-
junction to winch you refer. In no case whatever,
can an agent make any private contract or ar-
rangement with an Indian tribe by which lie is to
be absolved from his official obligation to obey the
orders ofthis Department. As "to the injunction,
It is 'onsidered at best a mere nullity. The judge
who granted it assumed jurisdiction of a matter
whit h, by express provisions of law is committed
to the discretion and management of the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs. In regard to the merits
of the two classes of claims, I am clearly of opinion
that the oldei class is entitled to priority of claim.
My order of the 3d of November is thcicforow
renewed, and you will carry it promptly into
effect."
He likewise proceeded to direct Fridley to pay
any balance of the $17,758 which might remain
in his hands after paying the claims of Choteau
& Co., and others, on other claims "in such pro-
portion as Indians in open council shall direct."
llus letter was addressed to Fridley in this city,
whither he appears to have come on this business.
On April 24,1852, Fi idley carried out the instruc-
tions by paying Choteau & Co., and the other
claimants^ mentioned by Lea, and applying the
balance ol the §17,758 to other claims, as directed
by the Indians "in open council."
Suit was presented against Fridley in conse-
quence of his disregard of the injunction. The
suit was defended for lum by Darnel H. Dusten,
United States district attorney, and William M.'
MeCarty and A. R. Dodge, attorneys at law.
The suit was protracted until the 15th January,
April 13,
1856, when judgment was rendered against Frid-
ley for $22,792 33, and on March 26,1858, Fridley
paid the judgment, with interest, according to the
laws of Minnesota, amounting to $28,262 49.'
He now simply asks that the judgment shall be
"credited to him in the final settlement of his ac-
counts. We provide that it shall be done; and
we further provide, that as the money was paid
for the benefit of the Indians, the Secretary of the
Interior shall withhold it from their annuities, as
money advanced on their account for a debt which
they acknowledged to be due.
Mr. COLLAMER. Was the money recovered
of him paid to the men to whom the Indians di-
rected it to be paid ?
Mr. FITCH. The amount of the judgment
was paid to the parties to whom the Indians had
directed the payment.
I move to take up the joint resolution.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint reso-
lution (S. No. 28) for the relief of A.M. Fridley,
late agent of the Winnebago Indians, was read a
second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It directs the accounting oflicers of
the Treasury, in the settlement of his accounts,
to credit him with the amount of judgment paid
by him on the 26th of March, 1858, which was
obtained against him oil the 15th January, 1856,
in the United States district court for the second
district of Minnesota Territory, in consequence
of his having, under positive orders of the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs, disregarded an in-
junction obtained against him in that court in re-
gard to the payment of certain moneys belonging
to the Winnebago Indians, and which orders he
was compelled to, and did obey and carry out.
The Secretary of the Interior is to deduct the
amount of the judgment, or so much as has been
paid for the benefit of the Winnebagoes, from the
annuities due them under the treaty ofOctober 13,
1846, and pay the amount thus deducted into the
Treasury.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bill and joint resolution from the
House of Representatives were severally read
twice by'their titles, and referred as indicated be-
low:
A bill (No. 513) for the relief of Hockaday
& Ligget—to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
A joint resolution (No. 34) for the relief of
John T. Robertson, of Virginia—to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
LEMUEL WOKSTER.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask the Senate to take up a
bill reported by the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr.
Powell,] to grant a pension of eight dollars a
month to Lemuel Worstcr. It has passed this
body three times, and passed the House three
times.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I hope we shall go on
regularly.
Mr. HAMLIN. It is a hard case. The poor
fellow is deaf, dumb, and blind.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
395) for the relief of Lemuel Worstcr was read
a second time, and considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It directs t-he Secretary of.the In-
terior to place the name of Lemuel Worster, of
Lebanon, York county, Maine, on the roll of in-
valid pensioners at the rate of eight dollars per
month, from the 1st of January, 1855, to continue
during his natural life.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. SL1DI5LL. I move that the Senate ad-
join n.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, April 13, 1860. '
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Ilev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
ADMISSION OF CHABLAIXS TO THE FLOOR.
Mr. NIXON I ask the unanimous consent !
of the House to introduce the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Chaplains of the Senate and House
of Representatives, for the tunc being, be entitled to ad-
mission on the floor of the House.
I am sure, Mr. Speaker, that no gentleman will
object to the passage of the resolution.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered, and agreed to.
RAILROADS IN KANSAS.
Mr. DUNN, by unanimous consent, reported
back from the Committee on Roads and Canals
certain petition's from citizens of Kansas, praying
for grants of land for railroad purposes, and asked
that they be referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
It was so ordered.
POWER TO COMMISSIONER OF PATENTS.
Mr. ELY, by unanimous consetnt, introduced
a bill empowering the Commissioner of Patents
to summon witnesses, and for other purposes;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
NOTARIES PUBLIC.
Mr. KILGORE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to authorize notaries public in the
District of Columbia to take acknowledgments
of deeds for the conveyance of real or personal
estate therein; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
PRACTICE TN UNITED STATES COURTS.
Mr. PENDLETON, by unanimous consent,
introduced the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
ite.<of e</,That the Judiciary Committee be instiucted to
inquire into the expediency of amending the laws regulat-
ing the depositions m tliecourts of the United States,so as
to provide that in all eases notioof the time and placc shall
he served on the opposite party, or his attorney; and also
into the expediency of providing that in criminal eases
whci e the defendajitis acquitted, the fees of witnesses called
by lum. and other costs incurred by him, shall be paid by
the United States.
ACCOUNTS OP DISBURSING OFFICERS.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I am instructed by the
Committee on Commerce to report back, with a
recommendation that it do pass, the joint resolu-
tion (S. No. 4) to allow credit to certain disburs-
ing officers therein mentioned; and to a.sk that it
be put upon its passage.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to hear the resolu-
tion read for information.
The joint resolution was read. The preamble
recites that, by the act of the 30th of August, 1852,
entitled " An act making appropriations for the
improvement of certain harbors and rivers," the
following appropriations' (among others) were
made, to wit: " For tho improvement of the navi-
gation of the Mississippi river, below the raj-ids,
|90,000; the Ohio, including repairs of the dam at
Cumberland island, §90,000; the Missouri and Ar-
kansas rivers, each $40,000; and for the construc-
tion and repair of snag-boats, dredge-boats, dis-
charging scows, and machinery to be used on the
Mississippi, Ohio, Missouri, Arkansas, and other
western rivers, $]50,000;" that m carrying into
effect the said provision of law, the officers and
agents pf Government intrusted therewith, and
with the application and disbursement of said ap-
propriations, did apply and disburse part of the
money appropriated as aforesaid, for " the im-
provement of the navigation" of said rivers, for
the construction or repairs of the said snag-boats,
dredge-boats, dischargingseows, or machinery, ill
aid of and 111 addition to the appropriation of
$150,000 made for this specific object, and which
proved to be inadequate; and that in consequence
thereof, and of this application to one object of
money appropriated to another, the officers or
agents are unable to settle their accounts, though
prepared, as they allege, to show that said money
has been expended in the service of the Govern-
ment.
The resolution therefore directs that the ac-
counts of the said officers #nd agents so chargeable
for the disbursement of said appropriations, re-
spectively, shall be settled at the Treasury of the
United States uj^on equitable principles, and ail
just credits allowed for the building or repaiiing
of said boats, scows, and machinery, without re-
gard to the fact of their exceeding in amount the
