1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
26153
DAVID WALDO.
Mi*. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I am directed
by tU« Committee on Military Affairs to report a
bill for the relief of David Waldo. I ask that it
may be read a first time.
There being no objection, the bill (S. No. 495)
for the relief of David Waldo was read the first
time, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I now ask that
the Secretary read this letter. This is the case
that was under discussion yesterday, which it
was proposed then to place on the appropriation
bill, and as I am authorized by the committee to
present this bill, and there is no question of its
being a correct account, and one that ought to be
passed. I shall ask, after the reading of the letter,
that the bill be put upon its passage.
The Secretary read the following letter:
War Department, March 29, 1860.
Sir : Herewith is the certified copy of a report Irom the
Quartermaster General on the claim of David Waldo, for
damages sustained byimn, amounting to§9,93o,on account
of the non-fulfillment on the part ot the Government of a
contract made with him. 1 consider the claim a perfectly
just one, and as there is no appropriation from which a
claim for damages can be paid, I would recommend this
amount to be intioduced as an amendment to the Army
appropuation bill, when the tame shall liuvueome before
the Senate.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JOI1N B.FLOYD,
Sccretaiy of IVar,
Hon. Jefferson Davis,
Chairman Committee on Military Affairs, Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Arkansas asks unanimous consent to consider the
bill further at tins time. The Chair hears no ob-
jection.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I should like to know
by the conduct of what officer of this Govern-
ment we have been subjected to damages to the
amount of ^IOjOOO5
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Well, sir, 1
will ask the chairman of the committee, who has
investigated this case very fully, to state the facts
in regard to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Let the bill be read
a second time first.
There being no objection, the bill was read a
Second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It directs the Secretary of War to
pay to David Waldo the sum of $9,936, being the
amount of damages awarded by the report of the
Quartermaster General of the United States Army
for the non-fulfillment on the part of the Govern-
ment of a contract made with him in May, 1850,
for delivering corn at Fort Laramie, and the pay-
ment of which is recommended by the Secretary
of War.
Mr. COLLAMER. Is there a report accom-
panying that bill? If there is, I should like to
hear it read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is no report.
A letter has been read from the Secretary of War;
but there is no report accompanying the bill.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. 1 am instructed
by the committee to report verbally in favor of
the bill, and ask for its passage-
Mr. DAVIS. The case is a simple one. This
Waldo was a contractor to transport corn to Fort
Laramie in 1350 and 1851. If my memory serves
me, his contract required him to transport eight
thousand bushels. He was, not called upon to
transport the whole of it; he transported very
little of it; but he had in the mean time prepared
himself for the transportation under his contract.
He had the wagons and he had the oxen, and he
had to keep the oxen through the w intui. The
cost of keeping the oxen through the winter is
the estimate of the Quartermaster General as to
the amount of loss which he had suffered. He
claimed not only for those, but for the wagons
also. The report of the Qnartermuster General,
a copy of winch I hold in my hand, states the
basis of an allowance. Five hundred and fifty-
two yoke of oxen, at the known cost of keeping
them through thp winter, makes the sum of $9,936.
If the Senator from Kentucky chooses to have
the letter of the Quartermaster General read, it
will give him the information, peihaps, in a more
sucemct form than I could present it.
The Secretary read the following letter:
Quak'ilrm vster General's Office,
Washington. Juhj 13, l&o9.
Sir : ] have the honor to make the following lepoit on
the claim ot David Waldo, winch was refrtied to this ofhee.
Ou the -28th ol May, lb^O, David Waldo contracted with
Major Ogden, assistant quartermaster at Fort Leavenworth,
to deliver at Fort Laramie at any time previous to the l&t of
October, in the years 1851-5:2, such quantities of corn—not,
however, to exceed twelve thousand bushels in either year
—as may be required to be delivered there for the public
service by the quartermaster at Fort Leavenworth, said
corn to be of the best quality—*hn]led—and putupingood,
stout gunny bags. The United States quartermaster at
Fort Laramie to pay, upon the delivery of the corn, at the
rate of $3 91 for every bushel of fifty-six pounds.
For the faithful performance of this contract,Mr Waldo
gave the required security of $25,000. Sureties, Jabez
Smith and William McCoy.
There wad received here, May 17, 1856, the following
account from David Waldo, viz :
" For deficiency in receiving eight thousand bushels of
corn, to wit:
"1,807^ bushels, at fifty-six pounds to the bushel, in
1851 101,220 lbs.
£> 6,439 bushels, at fifty-six pounds to the bushel,
m 1652 360.804 "
461,804 lbs.
t( Divide 461,804 by 5,000—one wagon load—gives nine-
ty-two wagons.
u Six yokes of oxen to each wagon gives five hundred
and fifty-two yokes of oxen.
•'Wintering five hundred and fifty-two yokes oxen at
eighteen dollars per yoke, .<>9,936. To this amount of
$9,936, add the Jossof ninety-two wagons, the number not
used in the minimum transpouatlou of eight thousand
bushels.
w In the spring of 1851.1 purchased foity new wagons
to add to the number on hand, so that I should be prepared
fully for the eight thousand bushels, and m part of the maxi-
mum."
On the 30th of May, 1856, the papers were returned to
Mr. Waldo, with the following letter irom this office, dated
May 30 :
'•'In reply to your letter of the 28th instant, I have to in-
form you that 1 make no estimate for damages. All my
estimates are for the actual want* of the active service;
hence i have no money to pay for the losses incident to the
failure on the part of the public to comply with a contract,
if your case is similar m its principle^ to that ot Mr. Jones,
to which you leier. it i-> coveiedby Mr Conrad's decision ;
hut ail the appropiiations for that period are exhausted, arid
there is not a dollai which can be legally applied to your
case, you vviJi have either to go to Uongiesss, to the Court
ot Claims, or get the amount added to the appropriation bill
as an amendment when it comes up in Congress. The
papers are herewith returned."
[Signed by the Quarteimaster General.]
May 30, 1S56, the following wa  addressed to Mr. Waldo
from tins office, viz :
"1 herewith inclose the lettPr of John S. Jones to Mr.
McCoy, dated August 20,185-2, in ielation to the settlement
ot his claim with the Department Mirnlar to the one pte-
sented by you on the 17th instant. The omission to inclose
it with the papers sent you jesterday wan mine, and was
caused by it* being misplaced and overlooked at the time.
"CHARLES TIIOMAS,
u Quartermaster General."
The followingisaeopyofa letter addressed to Mr. Waldo
by thN office on the 10th of June, 1856, xu:
"Jose 10, 1856.
" Sir: In reply to your request of this date, a*kmg to be
informed what sum you would bt  entitled to loi damages
for the necessary non-lulfdlment on the part of the public
of your contract for fuini'-hing corn at Foit Laramie, Kan-
sas, in 18T>2, undei thedcciMun oi lion. C. M. Comae!, Sec-
retary of War, m the ease of John ri. Jones, conti actor, for
furnishing corn at Fort Kearny in the same year, 1 have
to uilorm you that, agreeably to said decision, you would
be entitled to $9,9Jo, to wit • foi wintering five iiundied and
fifty-two yokes of oxen at eighteen dollais a yoke ; and 1
consider that vour claim 1* similar to that of Mr. Jones.
'•'For this allowance, an appropiiatiou by Congress will
be nccessaiy, a^ the appropnations for that year are entirely
exhausted, and their are no lands at my disposal by winch
jour claim can be settled; behides, we estimate tor active
service onl\, never for damages.
"Til: S.JESUP,
u Quartermaster General
In Older to understand the reteience made throughout
thlar case to that of John S. Jones, or of Jones & Kussell, I
have attached hereto copies of the following letters:
Uuaiteimaster Geneial, July 20,1852, to Secretary Con-
rad ; Hon. John S. Phelps, to the Uuartermaster Geneial,
dated August 6, 1852; Captain L. C. Laston, assistant
quartermaster, to John S. Jone®, of same date, and the ac-
count of Jones & KusspU, together with indoisunent of
Uuaitennabtci Geneial for pcijment.
No iueh eeitifieate as that mentioned in Mi. \\aldo «let-
ter to Senator Grten was given 1 merely ^expressed the
opinion, in m\ letter ot June, 1856, to Mi. \\ aldo, which 1
believe to lie coneet, that the amount specified was due.
This case is similar to that of John S. Jonuh, heiotofore
mentioned, and I would recommend that the amount be
included m the next annual estiiyatc.
Estimates have nevei heietofoie been made for damages,
and there i , therefore, no appropuation Irom which a
charge for damages can be legally paid.
Should it be thought advisable toi thefutmeto pay claims
of this diameter as thev arise, 1 would respectluliy recom-
mend that an es&inate, separate from that lor active ser-
vice, be made toCongu-ss for the means to meet their pay-
'"Respectfully submitted, and the papp herewith re-
1 H « S. JL&ul ,
' Quartermaster General.
Hon. John 13. Floyd, Secretary of War.
Mr. CRITTENDEN*. I amperfectlysatisfied.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I ask that the
bill may be passed now.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third-
reading, read the third time, and ) 1
ARTHUR EDWARDS VETO MESSAGE.
Mr. BINGHAM. I wish to give notice that
to-morrow morning I shall ask the Senate to takes
up the veto message of the President on .the bill
in relation to Arthur Edwards and his associates.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
call up the special order at this hour, which is the
unfinished business of yesterday—the military
appropriation bill.
Mr. PUGH. If that bill is up, I ask permis-
sion to enter a motion to reconsider the vote by
which the Senate refused to concur with the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the subject ofan appro-
priation to pay the volunteers m New Mexico.
I make the motion now, because I shall be absent
for an hour or more, and I promised the Delegate
from New Mexico to give him another chance for
a vote in the Senate.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. There have been so
many delays already in the progress of the bill
concerning the Houmas land claim, reported by
the Senator from Georgia, the chairman of the
committee, that I move to postpone all other busi-
ness and take up that bill, and let us decide upon
II The VICEJPRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kentucky moves to postpone this, and all other
special orders, with a view to take up the bill to
repeal the second section and other portions of an
act passed the 2d day of June, 1858, entitled "An
act to provide for the location of certain private
land claims in the State of Missouri, and for other
purposes."
Mr. PEARCE. I ask that that question may
be taken by yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SIMMONS. My colleague [Mr. An-
thony] has desired me to state that he has paired
oft" with the Senator from North Carolina, [Mr.
Climgman.]
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 27, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bingham, Cameron, Clark, CoXfamer,
Crittenden, Dixon, Doohttle, Burkee, Fessenden, Foot,
Foster, Grimes, Hale, Hamlm, Harlan, Johnson of Arkan-
sas, Johnson ul' Tennessee, King, Seward, Simmons, Sum-
ner, Ten Eyck, Toombs, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson,
and Wilson—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Bigler, Bragg, Bright, Brown,
Chesnut, Davis, Fitch, Fitzpatnek, Gwin, Hemphill, Hun-
ter, Iverson, Kennedy, Lane, Latham, Mallory, Mason,
I'earce, Polk, Powell, Saulsbury, and Sebastian—23.
HOUMAS LAND GRANT.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the con-
sideration of the bill (S. No. 307) to repeal the
second section and other portions of an act passed
the 2d day of June, 1858, entitled "An act to
provide for the location of certain confirmed pri-
vate land claims in the State of Missouri, and for
other purposes, and also to provide for the final
settlement of certain private land claims in the
State of Louisiana."
The VICE PRESIDENT, if no amendment
be offered, the bill will be reported to the Senate.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I understand that the Sen-
ator from Delaware [Mr. Bayard] had the floor
on the bill. There are one or two other Senators
who wish to address the Senate upon it.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I was notde-
sirous to go on with the remarks I had to make,'
to-day. They shall be very brief, however, for
I do not feel well enough to speak at length, and
it was so intimated to the Senator from Georgia,
who has felt it necessary to press the further hear-
ing of it. It is not for me, however, to stand in
the way of the Senate, though I feel very little dis-
posed to embark m any discussion this morning.
Yesterday, when the bill was before the Senate,
I endeavored to establish the position, if, indeed,
it requited establishment, that Congress has no
authority to pass a bill divesting the title to land,
no matter how or when that title is vested;
whether it is derived from a grant of its own or a
grant of a previous Government, which had held
the land, and which grant has been confirmed,
either by judicial proceedings or by an act oi Con-
gress. I am unable to distinguish, myself, be-
tween the case of a confirmation of a gramas vest-
ing a title, and an actual grant by the Government
itself. The Supreme Court certainly make no such
