THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN 0. RIYES, WASHINGTON, D. Q.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1860.
New Series No. 44.
the Senator from Maine objects to printing these
meteorological observations as made, not by order
of the Government, not by the employes of the
Government, he is right, and the objection goes
to the whole volume, called the agricultural part
of the Patent Office report, and if he will object
to the whole operation of the Interior Department
in connection with agriculture, meteorology being
but a branch of it, I am not sure that I shall not
sustain him. 1 have opposed effort, so far as it
tias been within my power, to establish an agri-
cultural bureau; but! see one growing up without
authority of law. If we are to publish the agri-
cultural 'report, composed in the same manner
exactly, of the reports or statements of individuals
holding no official relation to the Government,
then I sec no objection to publishing these meteor-
ological reports, more valuable than the mass of
those contained in the agricultural volume. I
think, however, we should do one of two things:
either arrest the publication of matter thus col-
lected and collated to constitute the volume form-
ing the agricultural portion of the Patent Office
report, or we should publish that which is more
valuable, in my opinion, to agriculture than any
other portion of it.
Mr. FITCH. The Senate is assumed to know
something of the character of reports made from
the Departments to this body; and if they can-
not arrest this thing in the very incipiency, they
cannot expect their committees to do it." They
referred this matter to the Printing Committee;
and of course the reference carried with it the sup-
position that the committee should inquire into
the value of the work, and see whether it was or
was not worth printing. In addition to their in-
quiry, and their own knowledge in relation to the
report, they have the urgent solicitation of the
Departmentfrom whence itcame to print it. They
have no alternative left. It is with the Senate now
to say whether the report shall be printed or not.
The committee have no feeling in the matter.
They have merely discharged what they supposed
to be their duty; and, as is well known from their
action during the lastsession, would be veiyglad
to arrest the whole practice of printing extra num-
bers of documents of any kind.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I feel inclined to add
a word in relation to this matter. 1 have been
engaged with others here in trying to arrest the
practice of printing, by order of Congress, at the
public expense, large quantities of what might be
valuable matter, because I thought the thing was
carried very much too far. If these are reports
that have been sent to Congress without having
emanated at all from anything done originally by
Congress, with a view to prepare them; if they
have been done without authority, at the motion
of others, 1 think it is as good a tune as we can
find to establish some sort of principle in refer-
ence to the thing, and stop the printing of all that
description of material.
Now, sir, with regard to what litis been said by
the Senator from Mississippi, it may be strictly
true, and yet there is a very broad distinction be-
tween this merely scientific matter which is to go
into the hands of scientific men, from which re-
sults are to be drawn, and matter winch applies
itself to common information, and without any
further examination may be spread over the coun-
try, as the agricultural reports have been. The
ground upon which they have been published
hitherto, has been that they furnished a great deal
of very valuable information, which might be
placed in the hands of all the people of this coun-
try who can read, and from which they can de-
rive benefit. I have been inclined to publish very
considerable editions of that book, and cut off the
printing of a great many books which might,
perhaps, m some senses, contain information of
greater importance to a certain class of individ-
uals, and from which, perhaps, more important
results miffht be drawn. 1 think there is a dis-
tinction between the two cases put by the Senator
from Mississippi in that relation, and I am dis-
posed to adhere to what he himself would seem
to admit to be a good rule, that where this mate-
U
rial has been collected not under the authority of
Congress, without the consent of Congress, and
without the knowledge of Congress, and then sent
here to be printed, we may just as well begin now
to put a stop to the idea that it can be printed,
for there is no knowing where it will end. Sen-
ators know that, for several years, we have been
trying to cut down, in order to reduce the expense
of printing within some reasonable limits. It is
a bad time to begin to run it up again. If we be-
gin at one point, there is no knowing where we
shall end; we shall soon get to as high a point as
we have e\cr been.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 28, nays 15; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bingham, Bragg, Brown, Chandler,
Clay, Chngman, Collamer, Crittenden, Doohtllo, Fostfcn-
den, Fitzpatiiek, Foot, Green, Guinea, Hamlin, Hammond,
Ifaun, Hunter, ivcrson, Johnson of Tennessee, Ma>.on,
Nicholson, Powell, Sewaid, Slidell, Toombs, Trumbull,
and Wado—28.
NAVrf —Mestrs. Anthony, Blight, Cameron, Clark,
Dixon, Fitch, Fo^or, Gwm, Hemphill, Lane, Pearee,
Saulsbuiy, Sumnei, Wilkinson, and WiUon—15.
So the motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. FITCH. I move that the further con-
sideration of this subject be deferred. I do not
care about deferring it to any special time; but
let it go over, subject to come up at some future
time, so as to enable Senators to look into it,and
votcfunderstandingly.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
WILLIAM li. D13 GROOT.
Mr. CLARK. There was a vote passed yes-
terday, by winch the petition and papers of Wil-
liam H. Do Groot were referred to the Court of
Claims, and the Committee on Claims disehaiged
from their consideration. I move, now, to recon-
sider so much of that vote as referred those papers
to the Court of Claims. I do not ask that they
be referred again to the Committee on Claims, but
I ask that they may come back here, and he on
the table until some action may be had in the
House of Representatives, where there is a peti-
tion and evidence still pending. The petition asks
for further legislation, and it is not a proper sub-
ject for the Court of Claims. I simply desire that
it may come back here until we ascertain whether
the Rouse of Representatives will take any action
on the subject: and if they do not, no action will
be asked for here. The order that has been nude
only puts the petitioner to the unnecessary ex-
pense of going to the Court of Claims, where he
cannot hope for any redress, because itis beyond
the power of the court to grant what he asks.
Mr. IVERSON. As 1 made that report from
the Committee on Claims, I feel it duo to the case,
as wed as to the Senator who makes this motion,
to make an explanation. The case of De Groot
was before the committee at the last session, and
110 action was taken on it. At this session, the
committee took up the case at its last meeting, and
considered it pretty elaborately, and came, almost
unanimously, to the conclusion that the prayer of
the petition ought not to be granted; and if a re-
port had been made by the committee, they would
have reported against the claim. Upon the motion,
however, of one member of the committee, it took
the direction which has been given to it, of refer-
ring the case to the Court of Claims for its inves-
tigation. I will state the principle on which the
committee acted. The allegation of the petitioner
is, that m ascertaining the amounts expended by
this party in preparing his brick-yard to comply
with the contract lie had made to furnish brick
under his contract, in order to enable the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to adjudicate the amount of
damage and loss he had sustained, under a joint
resolution passed by the two Houses some three
or four years ago, the Secretary had not, in fact,
looked into his vouchers, but had come to a con-
clusion as to the amount expended from the mere
ex parte statements of witnesses who were exam-
ined. It was believed by the committee thatjustice
would be done to Mr. De Groot, by allowing the
ease to go to the Court of Claims; that the court
could examine all the expenditures this party
had made, look into the whole case, scrutinize it
closely, and if they differed from the Secretary of
the Treasury, and awarded a larger amount to
this claimant, it would have an influence with
Congress in guiding its decision.
As it is, the committee will be utterly unable
to investigate the case as it ought to be investi-
gated and may be investigated by the Court of
Claims. In the letter of the Secretary of the
Treasury, in reply to a letter addressed by me, as
chairman of the committee, asking for all inform-
ation bearing on this case, the Secretary said that
the vouchers filed by this claimant in the Treasury
Department filled a large box, and he had notcler-
ieal force enough in his Department to copy them
for the committee; and he invited the committee
to go to the Department and examine them, but
he said he could not permit the original vouchers
to go out of the possession of the Treasury. That
it is impossible for the committee to do, and it is
utterly impracticable for us to examine the case
as it ought to be examined; and, for the purpose
of enabling the claimant to have a fair adjudication
and a full adjudication of his case, the committee
thought proper to refer it to the Court of Claims,
where these vouchers may be examined, all of
them, and passed upon, at the leisure of the court,
and then the decision may have some weight on
Congress.
I have no objection, however, to the course in-
dicated by the Senator from New Hampshire; but
if ho wants to bring the case back again, 1 will
tell him, that whenever the case comes before the
Committee on Claims, the committee is almost
certain to make a report against the claim, on the
present evidence; and, unless it is backed up by
a decision of the Court of Claims, and backed up
by all the vouchers of this party, I doubt very
much whether any bill for his relief will ever get
through. I am rather inclined to be favorable to
the claim, and my opinion is, that his best course
is to let it go to the Court of Claims, and let his
case be backed up by a judgment of that court.
Without that, my impression is, he will never
get a dollar.
Mr. HUNTER. As the morning hour is over,
I move to postpone all prior orders, for the pur-
pose of taking up the Post Office appropriation
bill. We till know the circumstances under which
that bill conies before us. The contractors are
anxious to get their money.
Mr. CLARK. I hope my motion will be dis-
posed of.
Mr. IVERSON. I make no objection to the
motion of the Senator from New Hampshire.
Mr. HUNTER. I am afraid it will lead to
debate.
Mr. CLARK. Not at all. I think not.
Mr. HUNTER, ff it will not lead to debate,
I withdraw my motion.
Mr. CLARK. 1 will simply say that I do not
now propose to discuss the merits of this claim
at all; I do not propose to say anything about the
evidence which shall go to one side or the other.
I simply wish to have it withdiawn from the
Court of Claims, not to be referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims, but to remain here upon your
table, until it shall bo known whether the House
of Representatives will take any action upon it.
That, certainly, is not an unreasonable request;
and then, whatever maybe the action of the Sen-
ate, if the House should do anything, I shall be
content therewith. I ask that this claimant may
not be sent to the Court of Claims to prosecute a
claim which he knows he cannot recover there.
I hold in my hand a resolution which was re-
ported by the committee of the House last year,
which directs the Secretary of the Treasury to
settle this claim according to the principles of
equity and justice. He thinks he has an equit-
able claim. He knows that the Court of Claims
can only decide on the legality of his claim. If
the Senate will permit it to lie over until he can
see whether the other House will take some action,
(his petition is before the House, and his evidence
is there,) it will be desirable to him. vThat is all
I have to say.
