690
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
Mr. HUNTER. Tf there is no objection, I
shall let the question be taken before I press my
motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire to reconsider the vote referring certain pa-
per! to the Court of Claims.
; The motion was agreed to.
POST OffXCE DEFICIENCY BILL.
'.Mr. HUNTER. I now submit my motion to
postpone the unfinished business, and all prior
orders, and take up the Post Office appropriation
till.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (H. R. No. 1) making appropriations to
defray the deficiencies in the appropriations for
the service of the Post Office Department for the
ijscal year epding 30th Juno, 1859, and in part
for the support of the Post Office Department for
the year ending 30th June, 1860. It proposes to
appropriate $4,296,009 26 out of any moneys in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the
purpose of supplying the deficiency in the reve-
nues and defraying the expenses of the PostOffice
Department for the year ending June 30, 1859.
Towards the support of the Post Office Depart-
ment for the fiscal year ending June 30,1860, the
second section appropriates $4,000,000, payable
out of any money in the Treasury arising from
the revenues of the Post Office Department, and
the further sum of $2,400,000, payable out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated; both sums to be expended, in conformity
with the provisions of the act of July 2, 1836, m
the payment exclusively of compensation to post-
masters and clerks in their offices, mail depreda-
tions, and special agents, and for the transporta-
tion of the mails. The third scction provides that
• interest, at the rate of six per cent, per annum,
to commence one month after the expiration of
the quarter in which the service was rendered, to
the date of the approval of the act, shall be paid
on all sums found due to the contractors for carry-
ing the mail. The fourth section appropriates
$1,000 for the services of temporary clerks in ex-
pediting the payment of creditors of the Post Office
Department.
The bill was reported back from the Committee
on Finance with certain amendments. The fust
amendment of the committee was to add at the end
of scction two the following:
For wrapping- paper; mail-bags; blanks, and pap°r lor the
same; mail-lock:-, keys, and stamps; postage stamps and
stamped envelope-*.
Mi*. HUNTER. I will state, in regard to that,
that this section of the bill, as it came from the
House, provided only for certain classes, to wit:
postmasters, and clerks in their offices, mail dep-
redations and special agents, and for the trans-
portation of the mails. The Postmaster General
addressed us a letter tiiis morning suggesting that
these others ought to he provided for; and we have
proposed the amendment accordingly.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance was, at the end of the third section, to in-
sert:
Provided? That such interestshall be payable only to the
contiactois themselves; and the same is hereby declared to
h« In tull of al! damage, by reason ot' failure or delay in
payment, and the same shall be receipted for accoidmglv;
but no interest shall be allowed on payments for the last
quarter, endm? the 31st of December, 1659.
Mr. HUNTER. The object of this amendment
is to give the interest to the contractors, not to the
assignees, in liou of damages. The contractors
alone can release the United States from a claim
for damages. The assignees could not claim them.
Resides.that, it was the opinion of many that, as
the contractors sold their certificates at a great dis-
count-, they ought properly to get the interest. The
last provision is to prevent interest being given,
as it would by the bill as it came from the House,
upon payments that were due for the last quarter.
Those payments arc not payable under the law
until the month of February. If the bill passes,
they will be paid as soon as they would be entitled
to be paid, and, therefore, they ought not to get
interest on them. It confines the interest to the
preceding quarters.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I wish to suggest to the
chairman of the Finance Committee that I have
personal knowledge of one or two cases where
the contractors, after having got their certificates
from the Department that so much was due, sold
them to other persons, who did not buy them at
heavy rates of discount with the expectation that,
bearing interest, the certificates would be an in-
vestment. I think, theteforc, great injustice may
be done by this amendment to some of the as-
signees of contractors, who have purchased their
claims against the Government at a fair price;
who believed they would receive interest on the
amount they invested on the faith of the Govern-
ment.
Mr. HUNTER. The reply to that is, that if
there was any understanding or agreement at the
time of making the bargain by which the certifi-
cate was assigned, by which the assignment was
to carry any contingent claim for interest which
the contractor might have, it is a question between
the vender and vendee, and it would be settled in
courts of law, or elsewhere; but our object is to
secure the United States. There may be claims
for damages because the money was not paid, and
wc make the measure of damages the interest we
propose to pay—interest to those who alone can
release us, to wit: the contractors. As to any bar-
gain between them and the assignees of the cer-
tificates, we have nothing to say. They can pursue
their remedy elsewhere; but we can secure the
United States in no other mode than by paying
the contractors, and requiring their discharge from
all claims for damages.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I would suggest that it
can be obviated in this way: by making it a con-
dition that the acceptance of the amount by the
contractors should be a discharge from all liabil-
ity on the part of the General Government. Pro-
vide that interest shall be paid to the assignees
where the claim has been assigned; and in case
the original contractor accepts the payment as
provided for in the bill, that shall be a discharge
of the General Government from any further lia-
bility.
Mr. HUNTER. The contractor will have no
interest in discharging us from damages if the
assignee is to get the interest; he will let the as-
signee trke the interest, and then he will come
against us for damages; but by this provision we
make it his interest to discharge us. Wo give
him the interest as the measure of his damages,
and then Jet him settle his private contract with
the assignee according to the principles of law,
or according to the nature of that contract. I
see no other way in which we can t>ecure the Uni-
ted States, and probably it is equity. It so hap-
pens that by taking a legal course we reach what
maybe the equity of the case. Still, I do not
assume to decide in regard to the contract between
the original contractor and the assignee. The
principle upon which we act is obvious. We
propose to get a discharge from these damages,
and pay for it. We cannot be discharged except
by the contractors.
Mr. TOOMBS. I wish to move an amend-
ment 
Mr. HALE. Before that matter of interest is
passed on, 1 wi&h to make a suggestion, if the
Senator from Georgia will permit me. If I can
get the ear of the chairman of the Committee on
Finance for a moment, I want to inquire if the
interest proposed to be paid to the contractors
here is confined to those debts that accrued under
the deficiency of the last year, or is it proposed
to pay interest to the contractors for services
during the current year ? There were four or five
million dollars due, as I understand, when we
were here in the last Congress*, and by the failuie
of the Post Office appropriation bill then, no ap-
propriation was made for that deficiency; and
since that, I understand the Department has been
going on, and new debts have accrued. My own
judgment is, that the interest should be confined
to the $5,000,000 deficiency of last year, and not
be paid on the current expenses of this year. I
ask the chairman how the bill is in that particular?
Mr. HUNTER It pays interest on all the
expenditures except for the quarter ending the
31st of December last. For the previous quarter
it pays interest. It pays interest in other words,
from the time it was due. But after the quarter
ends, two months are allowed to the Department
in order to settle the accounts; and the bill pays
interest from a month after the quarter ends, be-
cause it was then.due. We have proposed a spe-
cial exception for the quarter ending the 31st of
December last, because the Department has all
the time until the end of February to pay that,
and, therefore, there is no interest due for that
quarter.
Mr. HALE. 1 know that this bill comes to us
under very peculiar circumstances; and I shall not
oppose it, even if that clause is retained; but I
think it is wrong. The $5,000,OGOdeficiency which
existed at the last Congress was a debt that ac-
crued under existing laws—under contracts that
were made by law. Since then, contracts have
been made by the Postmaster General in one of
the divisions, without any appropriation being
made by law. I suppose tnatthe judgment of the
country and the judgment of the Senate would
be, that the extraordinary circumstances under
which the Postmaster General found himself,
justified him in going on; but, to my mind, it is
a very dangerous precedent indeed.
Mr. HUNTER. Will the Senator from New
Hampshire be kind enough to tell me what the
precedent is ?
Mr. HALE. Yes, I will. I was going to do
so. When the Congress of the United States fail,
or neglcct, or refuse to make an appropriation for
any particular branch of the service, for the officcr
of that service to go on and make contracts for
the service just exactly as he would if the appro-
priations would be made, that is the precedent
which I say is dangerous.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The general law required
him to make the contracts.
Mr. HALE. Wiihout any appropriation?
There is a provision of law on that point, which
I have looked at, and 1 see that the Postmaster
General is not included m it.
Mr. COLLAMER. By the act of 1825, the
Postmaster General is directed to enter into con-
tracts for four years for carrying the mails. He
makes one division of the contracts each year.
That is a general statute, providing for contracts
perpetually.
Mr. HALE. But there were no appropria-
tions to meet the contracts. That.was the diffi-
culty. When Congress failed to make an appro-
priation for the Army, three or four years ago,
the then Secretary of War and then President
did not think it was proper to go on with their
Army operations without appropriations, and
Congress was called together instanter. I think
the bill will pass, and I shall not vote against it. I
know the demands of these public creditors; and
the sense of honesty in the people that these ser-
vices have been rendered and ought to be paid for
will override all these objections; but still I think
it is a very bad precedent; and I think that, par-
ticularly in regard to these contracts that were
entered into when there were no appropriations
made by law to meet them, interest should not
bo paid.
Mr. HUNTER. The Postmaster General was
obliged by law to make these contracts. He did
not pledge the Government to pay interest. We
do that as the measure of damages. We think
these men sufFeied loss because they were not
paid promptly; and in order to meet the claim
for damages they may have, and because it is
equitable and just, Congress proposes to pay them
interest. The Postmaster General never assumed
to have the right to do so. He could not pay
them, because there was no appropriation; but
the law required him to make contracts. Those
who contracted since the appropriation bill failed,
knew that no appropriation had been made. They
took it with all the risks. He conccaled no fact
from them, and assumed no responsibility. He
has done nothing but discharged the duty which
the law imposed upon him.
Mr. GREEN. I shall vote against the amend-
ment. When these certificates were assigned, they
were sold in two ways: one with an express guar-
antee that any interest which Congress might
allow should go to the assignee; and m the other
case, that it should be retained by the contract-
ors. I hold that Congress has no right to make
an appropriation in a manner that violates the
contract between the individuals concerned; and
I shall vote against this amendment. This is the
same thing that was attempted, I believe, in the
first or second Congress which met at Philadel-
phia, with reference to theoid revolutionary debt.
An attempt was then made to prevent assignees
from getting their just interest; but the common
judgment of the country was, that a contract, hon-
