1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2655
The court, therefore, hold that the bonds issued
by the county under these circumstances, as the
constitution of Indiana had, in the interim, before
the subscription was made, prohibited such a
contract, were void; because they were against
the powers which, under the constitution, were
vested in the county commissioners; and that is
the whole of that decision. I do not think that
interferes with the view which I presented at all,
that a vested right of property it is not competent
for Congress or a State Legislature to take away,
under the clause which enables them to take pri-
vate property for public use upon just compen-
sation. I say it matters not whether you view the
grant as emanating from the Government itself,
or from some other source and confirmed by the
Government; and whether it has been confirmed
for one year or ten years, equally, when the right
vests, the act becomes irrevocable as regards the
power of the Government to interfere with it.
Unless lam entirely wrong in my view, that the
direction to issue a patent does not touch this
question of confirmation, J hold it clear that you
have no authority to repeal the second section of
the act of 1858. I do not think it does touch it.
I think it is merely directory to the officer. .That
you have a right to suspend the issuing of the
patent, I do not deny; you have aright to pre-
vent your executive officers from doing more: but
you cannot divest the title which you have con-
firmed. The courts of justice, without your patent,
would establish the rights of the parties as con-
firmed by the act of 1858, notwithstanding your
attempt to repeal it.
X cannot, with my convictions, vote ill favor of
a bill which I think violates the Federal Consti-
tution, even if this were a case, as was the case
of Fletcher vs. Peck, where the allegation on
which the Legislature repealed the previous law
was fraud—fraud practiced upon the preceding
Legislature, to which many of them were parties.
Oil that ground, in that case, they repealed the
preceding law, and made a new grant; and yet
the Supreme Court held that there was no author-
ity to make that new grant, and they established
the title under the prewous grant.
Here, oil the same ground of improvident or
hasty legislation, you undertake to repeal a law
by which you confirmed a title and vested a right
of propel ty, or else the decisions of your Supreme
Court go for nothing. You confirmed a right of
property in the party, designated and described
by the tribunal who originally decided it under
your own lajvs—the commissioners m 1806. You
confirmed their action; you confirmed the title
absolutely; and whether the patent goes or not,
the parties have both a legal and an equitable title.
I say you cannot repeal such a law as that. ou
cannot recall your action, so as to give back the
land to the public. Even suppose that the con-
firmation was wrong, putting it on that ground;
suppose the parties cannot sustain their title to
the whole locus in quo to the whole extent of the
grant: yet I say you are bound by your act, and
the Government cannot recall it, because the con-
firmation operates in the nature of a grant, and
the confirmation is of an act which describes the
entire quantity confirmed by Congress.
For these reasons—I might expand on them, but
I do not feel the strength, nor have I had the time
to investigate the subject as much as I would de-
sire—I cannot vote for this repealing clause. As
I stated, if any individual right comes before me,
founded on a grant of the Spanish or French
Governments, and it is shown to me that that
right has been affected by ouractof confirmation,
I think we can remove that difficulty by confirm-
ing that title, and leaving the courts to decide the
conflict between the parties equally confirmed.
But if there be no such title or cltfim as that,
then, not having myself any particular respect
for the rights of "those who went upon lands not
in a case where they were open to entry, but
where the teuns of the act of Congress expressly
proscribed that no entry should be made on those
lands to which a claim had been adjudicated by
the board of commissioners m favor of the par-
ties, confirming the survey made under the order
of Governor Claiborne—if they chose to go ^on
the lands under tnese circumstances, in the face
of the law, I say, let them take the consequence
of their own act. I will not interfere by any
legislative act for their benefit.
Mr. WIGFALL. Mr. President, when this
measure was brought up a few days ago, I lis-
tened with much attention to the debate; and,
gathering such facts as I could from the state-
ments and arguments of Senators on each side, I
then gave the reasons which would have con-
trolled my vote, had the bill then been put on its
final passage. Since that time, as it seemed to be
understood that the Senate would in a few days
take final action on this question, I have, with
such leisure as I could command, investigated
both the questions of fact and law, for the purpose
of seeing if the impressions 1 first formed were
correct or not.
I have long known some of the parties who are
most deeply interested in this transaction. My
impressions, from my knowledge of their charac-
ter and statements, were, therefore, always most
favorable to the justice and equity of their claim.
Knowing the parties; knowing that they were gen-
tlemen upon whom suspicion had never breathed,
I could not believe that they would hold titles
which were doubtful, or that they would urge the
confirmation of fraudulent claims upon this Gov-
ernment. My feelings of strong personal attach-
ment to some of these gentlemen induced me to
doubt whether I had taken an entirely impartial
view of this matter; and therefore, as I have said,
I have used such leisure as I could command to
investigate both the questions of law and fact in-
volved in the decision of this case.
There was another motive. We are called upon
to repeal an act of Congress which, in my judg-
ment, vests a property right. If we repeal that
act, and litigation shall grow out of it, as it must,
for one, I should desire not to vote here in favor
of the repeal of a measure, which repeal the Su-
piemo Court of the United States would, in a year
or two, declare to bo utterly and wholly void.
In order, then, that 1 mightbc satisfied that 1 was
not influenced by personal considerations, and
also ill order to guard myself from being placed
in an unfortunate dilemma of advocating and vot-
ing for a measure that was upon its face void, I
have looked both into the facts and the law with
such care as I could.
About the yrar 1803 the Louisiana Territory
was acquired. It was known that there was much
vacant land in that Territory. It was known that
there was much valuable, iaiul held by grants from
the Spanish Government. Persons from all sec-
tions of the Union, but especially from the South,
flocked into that country for the purpose of seek-
ing new homes and bettering their conditions.
Now, sir, I will suppose that an individual of
large means and great energy, determining to
build up for himself and for his family a stu-
pendous estate, visited Louisiana, examined the
lands upon the Mississippi river, and having
found a site which suited him, proceeded to inves-
tigate the title. I will suppose that he was pleased
with the Iloumas tract, and, under these circum-
stances, that he began investigating the claim of
the owner, and that lie did investigate it before
he undertook to pay the price asked. What were
the facts which lie found ? First, a title in form
—1 do not speak of the original title, the original
parol agreements, or purchases fiom the Indians,
but a deed, a title in form—dating back from 1776,
(its inception actually before the origin of our
Government,) and its augmentation from 1777;
he found an unbroken usage of the country equiv-
alent to a low that surveys made in such form,
and with the description of such a grant, were
held by the Spanish Government to run to the
depth, and in the manner then claimed by the
holders, and now cU'imed by his representatives.
He found that, within a few months after the
grant, the original grantee, in the most solemn
and public form known to the Spanish colony of
Louisiana, by notarial act in New Orleans, had
asserted that the Government surveyor, in his
proceeding, upon which the Governor, Galvez,
acted in making this grant, put him in possession
of lands " in depth to the lake," (et fondo hasta el
lago;) and that a purchaser on the spot had ac-
cepted the title so asserted, and paid his money
for it.
He found that the original grantee, Maurice
Conway, m 1792, in like most solemn and pub-
lic form, made his nephew, William_ Conway,
his testamentary heir; and that in 1795, William
made a mortgage, also by notarial act, to
money to Santiago Mather, of a portion of the
Houmas grant, describing it as so many arpents
front, "y fondo hasta a lago"—that is, "in depth
down to the lake." (See Memorial Heirs Hamp-
ton, p. 23, H.)
He found that the same William Conway, on
the 16th April, 1799, mortgaged a portion of the
same tract, and again gives the same description
of it—" in depth down to the lake." (Memorial
Heirs Hampton, p. 7.)
He found that the original grantee, Maurice
Conway, had, for $600, sold a different portion of
the Houmas tract to a prominent personage,Col-
onel Gilbert An tonia De St. Maxent,and described
that portion as being upwards of four leagues in
depth. This sale must have been as early as 1791,
as St Maxent's will (also a notarial act) speaks
of the purchase having been made some seven
years before, and St. Maxent was dead in 1798,
as shown by the proceedings upon his estate, and
as it may be fairly inferred that he died after he
made his will. (Memorial, p. 24.)
He found that, upon proceedings for the set-
tlement of the estate of Colonel St. Maxent, the
syndic for the creditors, Pierre De Marigny,
Knight of the Order of St. Louis, represented to
the Intendant of the colony, Juan Ventura Mo-
rales, (io/io was especially charged with the superin-
tendence of the land belonging to the King,) that this
portion of the Houmas grant was " upwards of
four leagues in depth," and laid great stress upon
that fact, as very largely increasing- the value of
that tract. That, upon objecting to the offers
made for the land, the syndic desired that public
notice should be extended of this important fact,
as, to use his own words, "perhaps the inhabit-
ants, being ignorant of the depth belonging to the
said plantation, have not made the biddings ac-
cording to the value which that depth must give
it." (Memorial, p. 28.)
He found that, upon this representation, Mo-
rales referred the matter to Evan J ones, command-
ant of the parish of La Fourche, where the land
was situated; that, on the 1st of August, 1798,
Jones appointed two persons " acquainted with
the quality and other circumstances of the land"
as appraisers of its value, whose appointment, on
the 3d of the same month, was confirmed by Mo-
rales, and they were directed to be sworn under
oath; that they, under oath, immediately, before
the same notary by whom they were sworn, Car-
los Ximenes, proceeded to perform their duty, and
made a return that " they were well acquainted with
the Houmas lands, belonging to the estate of the
late Gilbert Antonia De St. Maxent, at about
twenty-four leagues from the city; that, consid-
ering that the said lands measure about twenty-
nine arpents in front by upwards of four leaguesin
depth, they appraise them at a certain value, "&c.,
&c (Memorial, pp. 24 and 25.)
He found that Morales thereupon issued an
order that the notary should call on the printer
of the journal, and show them the foregoidg ap-
praisement of the Houmas lands, and cause him
to publish a notice informing the public and fix-
ing a time for the sale of the lands; and he also
found the certificate of the said notary (Ximenes)
that he had obeyed the order. (Memorial, p. 25.)
He found extant the paper containing the ad-
vertisement in which the said portion of the ,
Houmas lands is offered for sale as a tract of
'1 twenty-nine arpents in front, by about four leagues
hi depth." (Memorial, p. 26, translation; p. 29,
original.)
He found, that in 1798, the Spanish Govern-
ment actually solda portion of the Houmas tract,
extending from the Mississippi to the Amite, in
consequence of the delinquency of the owner in
not keeping up the levee; thus recognizing the
grant to its full depth, as now claimed. (Senate
Doc. No. 45, page 119, Twenty-Eighth Congress,
second session.)
All these claims and recognitions of the validity
and extent of the grant had been made for a series
of years during the Spanish dominion over Lou-
isiana; the first at a date prim- to the very exist-
ence of our own Government, and extending con-
tinuously, and without objection, down to the
time when wo acquired the country. It is to bo
regretted that all notice or allusion to those facts
has been omitted by the committee, to whom this
subject has been referred, absolutely conclusive
as they are of the good faith and perfect in tegrity
of all those who, subsequently to our acquisition,
have claimed under this grant.
Next, he found that in the solemn act by which
