1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
m
estly made, honestly entered into, ought to be
honestly fulfilled.
Again, when they were sold with the under-
standing that the interest, if allowed, should go
to the purchaser, they sold at a higher rate. They
paid that higher rate; and now to excludc them
from the benefit of that interest is doing them
gross injustice.
Mr. DGOLITTLE. It seems to me that the
amendment offered by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance is clcarly right. We do not
deal with the assignee at all. We have nothing
to do with the assignee. Wo deal with the con-
tractor, and with the contractor alone. If the
contractor holds his contract and his certificate
against the Government, he is entitled to the pay
upon it. If he has transferred it to the assignee,
then the matter, as between him and the assignee,
will depend upon the terms of their contract, and
it will depend upon a court of justice to determine
what that contract is; and if, according to law or
according to equity, the interest belongs to the
assignee, the court will so decide it. But if we
should impose upon an officer of the Government
the discretionary power tp determine whether,
according to the terms of that contract, the inter-
est should belong to the assignee or belong to the
contractor, he would be involved in interminable
difficulty. That belongs clearly to the courts to
decide as between the contractor and the assignee.
We pay the contractor what the Government is
bound to pay him. We pay him this interest by
way of damages. He acquits us by his receiving
it. Then, as between him and the assignee, if
there is any dispute, let the courts settle it. We
do not violate any contract af all between him and
the assignee. We do not set aside any contract.
The contract stands, and may be enforced between
the parties by the courts. It seems to me that the
amendment is clcarly right.
Mr.GREEN. TheiSenatorismistoken. When
the assignment was made, the understanding was
that the assignee should go to the Treasury and
draw the money when appropriated, without any
controversy; but if, at the time of the assignment,
it was intended that the accruing interest should
belong to the assignee, it was so specially staled
in the contract.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. Very well. The court will
so decide, and make the contractor pay over to
the assignee.
Mr. GREEN. I understand that; but where
are the contractors ? Scattered all over the United
States. And when the assignmuit was made, as
I was repeating, it was understood the assignee
should go to the Treasury and draw the money,
without a long, tedious suit in a court of justice.
If he can draw the principal, it is by virtue of the
assignment. That same assignment is just as ef-
fectual to carry the interest, if such was the agree-
ment. Therefore it involves no more difficulty
with the accounting officer, or pay officer, of the
Government, in regard to the interest, than in re-
gaid to the principal itself. The one is as com-
plicated as the other; the one is as express as the
other; and if you say ail this payment shall go, [
principal and interest, first to the contractor's i
hands, and run the risk of being recovered hack j
from the contractor by the assignee, I say you !
are doing injustice to the assignee; and I think, I
moreover, that if this example is to be set, and j
there should, m the future, be some unfortunate j
contingency, in which an appropriation fails, this >
kind of scrip will sell twenty per cent, lower than it ]
now did. Purchasers look to their interests, and
contractors are capable of taking care of them-
selves; they need no guardianship in the shape of
Congress or anybody else; and, if they make a
voluntary contract, and specially stipulate that the i
accruing interest on the certificates shall belong to '
the assignee, 1 think it very wrong in us to direct !
the accounting officer not to pay it to the assignee. ;
Mr. HUNTER. The difference between this j
and the revolutionary case, where the certificates ■
bore interest, is, that these certificate s bear no in- |
tcrest. There is no legal right to interest on them; j
but we determine to pay it as compensation for |
damages that might be claimed—by whom'1 Not \
by the assignees, but by the contractors; and as
the Senator from Wisconsin has well said, any |j
question between the assignees and the original jj
contractors can be settled m the courts of law. L
Mr. TRUMBULL. As I understand this bill, |i
it proposes to' pay the interest after thirty days ' I
i from the time that the service is rendered. I un-
| derstand that the Department has sixty days in
i which to make up its accounts. I should like to
j know why this is thirty days, and not sixty days;
for the Senator from Virginia has stated that we
allow no interest for the service for the quarter
ending the 31st of December last, because the
Department has all February to make the settle-
ment.
Mr. HUNTER. I agree it oughtto be amended
to read so. It came over from the House differ-
ently. The Postmaster General stated the ques-
j tion in the alternative, and said Congress would
! determine, They had all of two months before
| it was due, or they might pay it at the end of one
i mouth. The House determined to pay it at the
j end of one month. I admit it was not due until
j the end of the two months, and I would be very
. willing to agree to such an amendment as the Sen-
ator suggests.
| Mr. TRUMBULL. That disposes of that; and
: now I will call attention to another feature of the
bill. I understand that it is proposed now to pay
interest on all sums found due to contractors for
carrying the mail. That extends back to tho pay-
ment of interest for services rendered the last iiscal
year.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
rick.) The Chair will say to the Senator from
Illinois that the section which the committee pro-
pose to amend, mav be amended now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I move to amend
it by striking out " one month," and inserting
'* sixty days," so as to read:
Th.it mtoieict ut the mte of h*x per centum per annum,
to commence sixty days a'tei the expiration of the quarter
in which the seiviee was rendeied.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now, I should like to know
if it is proposed to pay interest on all this defi-
ciency, going back prior to the 30th of June last.
Had we passed the appropriation bill at the last
Congress, these parties would have received no
interest, though the sen ice might have been ren-
dered six months before that. Now, is it proposed
by this bill to go back, and pay interest for the last
year and a half? If it is simply a proposition to
pay interest for services rendered this year, for
which there was no appropriation, that is one
thing; but if it is a proposition to pay interest on
the deficiency of last year, that is another. Iam
not prepared to say that we should pay interest
on that deficiency. It arose contrary to law; or
I ought perhaps not,to say contrary to law; but
the deficiency of last year arose for extraordinary
service. The ordinary appropriations were made
for the last fiscal year in advance, and I am not
prepared to pay interest on that whole deficiency.
Perhaps it might be proper for six months of the
Irtst year. At least, I should like some explana-
tion about it.
Mr. HUNTER. As I understand it, under
the bill no interest would be paid until the time
when the accounts for the last quarter would be
due. I suppose the deficiency of last year would
not be due until the 30th of June or the 1st of
July last, and interest would not commence until
sixty days afterwords, according to the amend-
ment of the Senator from Illinois. I have not
seen the account stated, but I have no idea that
there was anything of last year's deficiency due
sooner than that, it was due at the end of the
quarter, because I presume they paid the most
ancient demands in all cases, and they were the
recent demands which constituted the deficiency.
I presume so; but I have no objection, if the Sen-
ate so desire, to saying that no interest shall be
paid prior to the 1st of September, 1859. If the
Senator chooses to offer such an amendment as
that, I shall not resist it. I do not think interest
would be paid prior to that; but still, out of abun-
dant caution, if lie is afraid it would be, I will
agree to that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The bill now reads ex-
pressly:
u That interest at the rate of six per ceriram per annum,t
commence day-, after the expiration of the quartei in
which the service \va< rendeied to the date nf the approval
ofthi-> act. shall be paid."
If the service was rendered five years ago, the
interest would commence to run from sixty days
after the expiration of the quarter in -nTliichit was
rendered. If it is not intended to pay interest m
that way, certainly I think the bill ought to be
made to say, specifically, that no interest-Sfcall'be
computed prior to the 1st of September last.
Mr. HUNTER. Let the Senator submit that
amendment.
Mr. GWIN. Before the Senator submits that
amendment, allow me to malce a suggestion in
relation to this deficiency of the lastBs'cal year.
There was 110 failure of payment during the last
fiscal year that could have occurred before the
end of the first quarter after our adjournment;
and 1 should suppose that some portions of the
deficiency of that year would be due probably for
the quarter ending the 31st of Marcn, and then
for the quarter ending the 30th of June, 1 should
suppose a portion of it would be due at the end of
those two quarters, because the appropriation for
deficiencies last year was intended to cover a de-
ficiency during that fiscal year; and I think the
failure of that bill has left some contractors, whose
compensation was due the 1st of April and the
30tli of June, unpaid; and it seems to me that if
we pay interest to any, we ought to pay it to
them. Let the Senator offer an amendment that
no interest shall be paid further back than the 1st
of April last.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suggest this amendment:
to add after the word " rendered," in the fourth
line of the third section, the words," but in no case
prior to the 31st of August, 1859;" so that it will
read:
That Interest at the rate of six per centum per annum, to
commence sixty days after the expiration of tile quarter in
which the service was rendered, but in no case prior to tile
31st of August, 18ol), to tile date ot the approval of this
act, &.e.
Mr. GWIN. I have another objection to the
amendment in that form. If I understand the
object of the Committee on Finance, they offered
their amendment in the form in which it has been
presented for the purpose of getting clear of these
contractors coming before Congress for damages
hereafter; but if you exclude a portion of them,
if there is a portion m this deficiency that is due
to contractors for service that was performed prior
to the time named by the Senator from Illinois, in
his amendment, they will come before Congress
for the same relief that has been granted to oth-
ers. I think if he will put it in the form I sug-
gested, we shall get clear of a question that may
hereafter give us a great deal of trouble, and pre-
vent them coming before Congress for damages.
Why not let them have compensation according
to their contracts ? My suggestion is, that the
interest should be paid on no account prior to the
1st of April, 1859; because I believe a portion of
the deficiency, as we failed to appropriate the
money, was to pay contractors whose service
ended at that time, and one of the principal ob-
jects I have is to get clear of those contractors
coming before Congress hereafter for damages,
because their accounts were not paid when they '•
were due.
Mr. HUNTER. Let the Senator from Illinois
say the 1st of May; because lie will observe it was
owing to our failure to pass the Post-Office defi-
ciency bill that we did not pay for that quarter
which was due the 1st of May. If we had passed
the Post Office bill last year, we should have paid
that deficiency without interest; but owing to our
failure to pass that bill we did not pay it. There-
fore let him say the 1st of May—it will not cover
a great deal—and then we shall be certain that we
accomplish all that justice requires. I hope he
will put it in thaUform, and then I will vote for
it. It is true a good deal of this deficiency was due
the 1st of May, and I am not willing to go back
further than that; but I think we ought to com-
mence at that time. I hope the Senator will ac-
cept that modification and say the 1st of May
instead of the 31st of August.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will do so, for the pur-
pose of having some limit put to it. I think it
would be as well, however, to put the limit as I
first had it. Still, to satisfy Senators, I will
modify my amendment by saying, " but in no
case prior to the 1st of April, 1859."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Illinois
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TOOMBS. It seems to me, that there is
an amendment necessary in this section to meet
another class of cases. It often occurs that a
contractor sub-lets his contract. He takes a con-
tract and lets it out to somebody else who does
