270
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 30,
36th Gong.... 1st Sess.
The Slavery Question—Mr. Wade.
Ho. of Reps.
and perversion stamped upon every part of it;
and that it has been tlie fruitful source of all the
political ills which have afflicted the country since
it became -a law, and which now disturb the tran-
quillity of the public mind and threaten the sta-
bility of the Government.
Sir, this utter disregard by the Democraticparty
of all pledges and compromises, its sanction of
the gross wrongs and outrages perpetrated upon
the inhabitants of a distant Territory seeking to
throw off the usurpations of Missouri mobs, bogus
Legislatures, and slave State constitutions, has
been the great procuring cause of the existing
evils which the President so feelingly deplores.
He need not have gone beyond his own party to
find the origin of the evil. The wrongs which old
John Brown suffered and endured in Kansas, in
common with those he loved, maddened him, and
he sought retaliation. It is charged that the North
were in complicity with him in his raid upon Har-
per's Ferry. A word will disprove that. The
old mtiu range?! thejand, through its length and
breadth, for two long years,for succor and recruits,
and, at the end of that time, could muster only
seventeen white men and five negroes to attempt
his enterprise. "While Virginia and the whole
South were terribly agitated at the occurrence, the
North, of all parties, deploring and disapproving
the act, remained unmoved, except with contempt
for those who attributed to her treasonable designs
against the peace and tranquillity of the South.
Unjust aspersions have been cast upon the action
of the executives of some of the States, who
have been applied to for the arrest of such as have
escaped the vigilance of Virginia.
I can only say, in relation to the State which I
have the honor in part to represent on this floor,
that, upon a compliance with the simplest forms
required by law, her executive will always re-
spond with readiness to the requisitions of any
State of this Union for the surrender of fugitives
from justice. Butas the law requires that a requi-
sition shall he accompanied with the-copy of an
indictment or an affidavit taken before a magis-
„ tratc, charging that a crime has been committed
within thp limits of the State from which the
requisition comes, this necessary showing will Be
insisted upon. If it is sometimes admissible to
dispense with the ordinary forms of law in recap-
turing a fleeing negro—such forms will at least
be insisted upon in Iowa in regard to white men
—neither the usages of Virginia nor of any other
State are regardect as common law in the country
where 1 live.
The gentleman from Louisiana, who preceded
mo upon the floor, from the few remarks which
I heard, seems to think that the Republican party
are pledged, as a party, to resist the admission of
any more slave States into the Union.
Mr. Chairman, for my own part I do not so re-
gard the position of the Republican party. I do not
know that any one controverts the right of a State
to form and regulate her domestic institutions; she
necessarily exercises that right when she frames a
constitution. She undoubtedly has the same right
then, which she has at any subsequent period of
her history, to determine the character ef her
institutions. Massachusetts may, to-day, by a
change of her constitution, legalize the holding of
slaves within her limits; and it would be no part
of the business of the General Government to in-
terfere with her.
What i object to, sir, is this doctrine of the
Democratic party, that slavery may go into Ter-
ritories, and that there is no earthly power to keep
it out. If, under the operation of such a policy
as that, the sentiment of a Territory should be-
come depraved to such an extent as to lead to the
adoption ofo slave constitution, under the auspices
of the Federal Government, I would treat that
constitution as Lecompton has been treated—con-
sign it to the merited condemnation of all man-
kind. No power under heaven could ever induce
me to aid in any manner in entailing the wrong
on coming generations. I maintain the doctrine
which Mr. Clay maintained in 1850, that slavery
does not exist by law in any Territory which was
free at the time we acquired it; and I contend that
it ought to be kept free; then when its people
come to form their constitution they will be no
more likely to legalize slavery than Massachusetts
is likely to legalize it to-day within her borders.
Now, sir, what is all this controversy about?
It is a simple issue between the two great parties
of the country, for the extension of slavery upon
the one hand and its restriction on the other; and
I cannot better conclude than by repeating the
language of Mr. Clay, used in 1850, in the debate
on the compromise measures:
"But if, unhappily, we should be Involved in war, in
civil war, between the two parties of this Confederacy, in
which thp effort upon the one side should be to restrain the
introduction of slavery into the new Territories, and upon
the other side to force its introduction there, what a spec-
tacle would.we present to the astonishment of mankind, in
an effort, not to propagate rights, but—1 must say it, though
I trust it will be understood to be said with no design to
excite feeling—a warto propagate wrongs in the Temlories
thus acquired from Mcxico. It would be a war in which
we should have no sympathies, no good wishes; in which
all mankind would be against us; for, from the commence-
ment of the Revolution down to the present tune, we have
constantly reproached the British ancestors for the intro-
duction of slavery into this country."
THE SLAVERY QUESTION.
SPEECH OF HON. EDWARD WADE,
01? OHIO,
In the House of Representatives,
April 30, 1860.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of tile Union—
Mr. WADE said:
Mr. Chairman: On the day that I was unex-
pectedly called away to attend the sick bed of a
member of my family, I had secured the floor
with the intention of making some remarks on thef"
Helper book, but, of course^ lost the opportu-
nity at that time. I had heard considerable of
that book at that time, and some little since. I
was one of the signers of that book, and I do not
rise for the purpose of making an apology to the
other side of the House for that; but I would state,
however, that the circumstances under which I
indorsed it, so far as I did indorse it, were these:
at the final adjournment of the House at the last
session of the last Congress, I was in the office of
the Sergeant-at-Arms to settle my account with
him. Coming from his room, and passing through
the Hall to go to my lodgings, preparatory to
taking my departure from this city, I saw my
friend, Mr. Morgan, of New York, upon one side
of the House, surrounded by n number of his
friends. Mr. Morgan beckoned to me to join him,
which I did. His object was to put in circulation
an epitome of the Helper boolc. I told him I had
seen some extracts from that book, and that I dis-
approved of some of the sentiments of that book,
for the reason that they might be construed into
recommendations of the use  f violence for the
overthrow of slavery. For, notwithstanding all
my hostility to that system, 1 had never advocated
its violent overthrow, or any measure which, in
my judgment, was calculated to lead to that end.
I have, perhaps, been an open opponent of the sys-
tem of slavery from an earlier period than any other
gentleman -who occupies a seat on this floor; and
I never have, for a single instant, given my coun-
tenance to any measure calculated to overthrow
it by violence. I said then, to those gentlemen,
that there were some passages in the Helper book
that I disapproved; but was informed by them that
the book was to be abridged, and all those objec-
tionable passages omitted. So I wrote my name
to the recommendation, and went on. Now,
sir, I am not uwaie that in so doing I committed
"treason, felony, or a breach of the peace."
Nevertheless, I believe we upon this side of the
House have been accused of all these things, and
even more, if there be any crimes worse than
these m the criminal code.
Such is "the head and front of my offending."
I find,in the indictmentwhich was brought against
the Republican members at the very opening of
the session, there were extracts read from this
Helper book—from fourteen pages of it; there
being two hundred and fourteen pages in the whole
book. Now, if those extracts contain all there is
objectionable in that book, I must say that the
balance is altogether in its favor, as compared
with most books of a political character. I will
not trouble the committee by enumerating the
different charges that were brought against us,
for they are 111 found upon page 17 of the Con-
gressional Globe, where they can be read and
pondered by all. But it is for that act, for that
unconscious indorsement of those passages, that
we upon this side have been accused of inciting
insurrection, arson, bloodshed, and murder; en-
•dangering the peace and the lives of families; and,
in fact, of committing treason; for which the
mildest gentleman 011 the other side of the House
said we were " not fit to live."
Now, sir, let any man, be he a slaveholder or
non-slaveholder, bo he a pro-slavery or an anti-
slavery man, read that book through, and he must
inevitably come to the conclusion that it is a book
calculated to advance the greatest good of the
freatest number; and that, I believe, is the ortho-
ox test of the morality of anything in this day.
The greatest good to the greatest number is said
to.be the great fundamental principle of morals.
How is it with that book? Are the recommend-
ations contained in it, couched in the very lan-
guage of the founders of this Republic, felony?
Would gentlemen dig up the remain! of their an-
cestors and gibbet them, as I believe the kings of
England did. the remains of Cromwell, because
thoy spoke and wrote the very sentiments for
adherence to which we are now so ferociously
denounced? I, sir, go no step in advance of
Thomas Jefferson in my disapprobation of sla-
very. I take for my exemplars slaveholders from
Virginia and the South, and 1 am willing to be a
learner, sitting at the feet of those Gamaliels, and
obtain my ethics upon that subject from the fath-
ers of these very men who come into this Hall
and accuse us of every crime in the calendar. Sir,
I ask no higher honor, no better guarantee for the
morality and the political rectitude of my course,
than the indorsement of those men who gave us
the institutions we now enjoy, and who based
them on the rock of freedom, never dreaming that
they were to be perverted to the end of extending
and perpetuating human bondage, or used as a
means of supplanting our white population, and
filling their placcs with black barbarians from the
jungles of Africa.
Now, sir, my objection to the course of the Dem-
ocratic party is, that their policy leads inevitably
to the reopening of the African slave trade anu
the introduction of these barbarian negroes as sub-
stitutes for the intelligent and well-to-do (if I may
use the expression) free white laborers, who are
content to lay up an honest competence against
old age, for the education of their children, by
honest and intelligent industry.
Why, sir, throughout the free States, multi-
tudes of the leading men are men who were brought
up in the honorable callings of manual labor. So
far from labor being degrading there, it is honor-
able. This being si gentleman does not pay in the
State of Ohio. This affectation of contempt for
those who earn their bread by the sweat of their
browis not popular in that region, orin the North-
west. Hence, sir, we are anxious to preserve the
Territories of the United States for those white men
who are willing to till the soil, to labor on it, and
to rest, for the support of their families, 011 the
labor which they bestow with their own hands
on the soil purchased by their fathers' blood and
defended by their own.
Now, I admit that this Helper book, in a few
instances, comments on the system of slavery in
needlessly harsh language. It is a sort of blus-
ter which seems to be indigenous to the soil on
which Helper was born and bred. I do not ap-
prove of it. I would not have recommended the
book to go forth with those harsh expressions in
it;-still, that does not materially impair the utility
of the work, beeause intelligent men throughout
the free States distinguish between those parts of
it that are unreasonably violent and denunciatory
and those parts which are free from that blemish.
There is nothing said in the book worse than
what has been said by tho great men of Virginia,
and of North Carolina and South Carolina and of
the original thirteen States in general. Indeed, a
large part of the book is composed of extracts from
'the writings of these great men. But we are now
informed that the Democracy have discovered a
new principle in ethics, namely, that the idea set
forth as early as the age of Homer, as to making
a man a slave, does not work at all now-a-days.
There is no man, be he black or white or red,
who does not loathe the condition of slavery;
