THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF COXGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, IbT Session
THURSDAY, JtJx'fE 7, 1860.
Series No. 167.
painful anxieties ofa litigation deemed closed that
half century ago.
Again: concede that the board was to report,
and that Congress was to act. What then? Why
the board did report, and Congress has acted. It
acted in 1858, by the law now sought to be re-
pealed. It did then what it ought to have done
fifty years before; it complied with its treaty stipu-
lations; it performed its promise under the act of
1805; and its power over the subject is exhausted.
Congress was bound to know, and must have
known, as the curator of the public lands, as the
guarantors of treaty stipulations, what was doing
on these premises; and knowing that, what sort
of faith shall we call it, which beguiled the claim-
ants into heavy investments, vast labor, enormous
oulays, until their skill and energy had rendered
their lands valuable and the country attractive;
until, by the action of its own land office, hordes
of speculators, groat and small, had been collected
for the spoliation of,their title, when the gates of
litigation should be raised and the unfortunate
owners be submerged beneath its flood?
This brings us to the consideration of another
point.
Can Congress repeal the act of June 2, 1858?
Can Congress at its pleasure divest vested
rights?
Can Congress repeal a legislative grant or con-
firmation of land?
And here I must confess my surprise that this
question lias been mooted at all, for certainly I
have thought it had been, long ago, so firmly set-
tled that no one could now be found who was
willing to assail the principle, that a legislative
grant or confirmation is beyond the power of the
Legislature. The collection of authorities at page
57, &c., of Mr. Janin's brief (printed with the re-
port of the committee) shows conclusively what
is the law of the land. Justas often as the question
has been examined, so often has the point been
decided against the power of the Legislature to
meddle with granted, rights or interests in the
matter of private property. The right to property
in land precedes existence of government; it is
complete in itself; it lies at the foundation of the
social compact, at least of ours, and is an original
cause for the foundation of government.
No one can doubt the power of Congress to
cede to an individual whatever interest it may
have in lands. It mav effect the cession in sev-
eral modes. It may direct the issue of a patent
through the instrumentality of its subordinate
officers, or it may deal with the matter by a direct
act of its own. The result of all the authorities
on the subject is this: the legislative branch may,
by statute, make a contract—such, for instance,
as a legislative grant—in which, although there
are no words of covenant, there is an implied
agreement that the rights given shall not be dis-
turbed, nor the grant resumed. Such act being in
the nature of an executed contract, whatever rights
are created cannot be impaired by subsequent
legislation.
If a grant can be repealed by the enacting power,
then, is every land title in Louisiana and in all
the new States at the mercy of Congress. For,
in all these, all old titles are confirmed mediately
or immediately by its statute; and upon what is
the right of the preemptor based but upon an act
of Congress ? If Congress has the power claimed,
it can repeal all. This it dare not attempt; but it
may do worse: it may selectsome particular grant
and" put it to the torture, to sec what it can exact
fioni its sufferings.
It would be impossible to examine or even re-
cite the long list of authorities which form my
opinion and conclude my judgment; but T may
ask the attention of the Senate to the few, but
emphatic, words of Judge Story in rendering the
decision of the Supreme Court m the case of Tor-
re tt vs. Taylor, 9th Cranch, page 50. He says:
" It irf not. however, accessary to rest this cause upon
the general doctrines aheady asserted> tor admitting that,
by the Revolution, the Church lands devolved upon the
State, the statute of 1776. chapter two, operated us a new
grant and confirmation, though to the use of the Church.
It the Legislature possessed the authority t© make such
167
a grant and continuation, it is very clear to cur minds tsiat
it vested an indefeasible and irrevocable title. We have
no knowledge of any authority or pimciple winch could
support the doctrine that a legislative giant is revocable in
its own nature, and held only durante bene plcccito. Such
a doctrine would uproot the very foundations of almoptali
the land titles in Virginia, and is utterly inconsistent with
a great and fundamental principle of republican govern-
ment, the ught of the citi/seiib to the free enjoyment of their
property legally acquired."
But it is urged that Congress can repeal the act
of 1858, because the giant to the Houmas tract
gave a " complete title,"and was as valid without
a confirmation as with it; that, as nothing passed
by the act, it will divest nothing to repeal it. It
would seem, however, that something must have
passed in the nature of property, else why this
desperate effort to repeal it? The very attempt
at repeal presupposes somv benefit conferred by
the act. Surely the time of the Senate would
scarcely have been taken up in attempting to
make void a void act, to undo nothing. If the
statute passed nothing more, it gave an immunity
from further vexation by the Government—a
most important matter for the full enjoyment of
property. But whatever was the cliect of the
statute, be it much or little, that much or little has
passed from Congress, and cannot be resumed.
Further, it is urged that Congress should repeal
the act, in order that all the parties whom it in-
vites to litigation should stand upon an equality.
It must be observed at once that this position,
very plausibly urged upon the Senate, is utterly
inconsistent with the one just examined; for itis
obvious that if nothing of benefit was given by
the act, there is no advantage to the claimants, so
that the two arguments on the same side may be
stated thus: " Congress has given nothing by the
statute, and therefore can repeal it: Congress has
given too much by the statute, and therefore should
repeal it."
It would be embarrassing to have to meet two
conflicting and mutually destructive propositions
emanating from the one and the same side, were
it not, as in this case, that they may be safely left
to perform their office on each other. In fact, the
existence of the power claimed -can be supported
consistently only by the doctrine that Congress can
repeal all confirming or healing acts, all preemp-
tion laws, all patents emanating from it directly
or indirectly, and thus put every title derived from
or through it afloat. k< Such power is the prerog-
ative of despotism, not of free Government."
(People vs. Supervisors, 4th Barbour, (New York)
p. 71.) Will the Senate set a precedent fraught
with gigantic evils ?
Bat, in reality, the last proposition, the one
most urged under the guise of fairness, has noth-
ing fair about it. The effect would be to put the
Iloumas grant at a disadvantage. It asserts that
there aie conflicting grants which the Government
must protect against it. It is a new function of
the Federal Legislature to act upon the lights to
land as between citizens of a State. But pass that
over. If the principle of this bill is to prevau,
then impartial jus tic e requires that all patents and
conjlrmations to grants cunfading with this should
be •tcpealbd simultaneously with it. Thus alone can
equality of position be preserved, for it exists
now, and will exist, unless disturbed by this bill,
among all the confirmed grants. Like this claim,
they have been before the commissioners, have
been reported on favorably, and by action of Con-
gress, mediately or immediately, have been con-
firmed. So has the Houmas. Then why dis-
criminate? At all events, do not, in the name of
equality, create inequality.
The bill uncW discussion seems to me so re-
markable in its provisions that they certainly
must have escaped the attention of the committee
who reported them. I believe it is eoncedeu tnat,m
any view of the subject, the Iioumas giant must
be considered valid to the extent first granted:
that is, to forty arpents in depth from the uvei;
and I understood the chairman, the other day,
to admit that the formei Attorney General, Mr.
Clifford, was clearly wrong when he would re-
strict the augmentation to two arpents more iu
depth. Here, by confession of the chairman, is
a portion of the grant which is entitled to every
protection of law; which it is clearly the duty of
Congress, as an act of common honesty, to ac-
knowledge and confirm; which it ought to have
acknowledged and confirmed years since; which
it has acknowledged and confirmed by the act of
June, 1858; and which, notwithstanding all this,
it now proposes to submit to further litigation.
Acknowledging this portion of the claim to be
just, entirely just, the bill yet requires that it, too,
i shall be proved over again by proceedings within
two years, or be forever confiscated. The Sen-
ator from Ohio feels the difficulty, and strives, but
m vain, to evade it. JNTo hardships, says he, can
arise under the bill; because, if we sell the land
as public land, and it is not ours, no title will
pass, and the land will still be yours.
Can this be the conduct of an upright and just
Government? You first of all concede this to be
a good title; but, in the same breath, order the
owner to prove what you cannot deny. So that
if, perad venture, in the course of eighty-four years,
any evidence of this title has been lost, cither of
the original grant or of any intermediate dcraign-
mcnt, your own courts are ordered to pronounce
it public land, and liable to sale. Can you go still
further, and say that you will sell to a public pur-
chaser a doubtful title? Will you put it in the
market, make the sale, pocket the proceeds, and
then consolc yourself with the reflection that if
you have sold anybody else's land, your purchaser
will take nothing by Ins bargain ? Certainly some-
body then must be cheated; either the man whose
conceded good title has been seized, or the pur-
chaser whose money is in your Treasury. That
will be a noble page in the history of our Govern-
ment, which will tell how Congress did not act for
fifty-three years upon what it admitted to be an
entirely just title; then did act, and enforced it, and
then rejected that action to speculate upon the
chances and changes of years; upon the corroding
eflocU of time; upon muniments and their sup-
ports; upon the infirmity of human memory, and
the transition of human life, in those who could
and actually did once prove the complete right of
property. Disguise it as you may, this is the bill.
This is the bill in its own working and effect,
not only as to the land now disputed by some
speculators upon title, but even as to that, against
the justness of the claim to which no voice has
been raised to this very hour.
Again: the act, revived and made of force, for
this particular case, litis been over and over again
decided, by the United States Supreme Court, to
be adapted only to the examination of incomplete
titles; yet it is heedlessly to be brought back into
existence, and to be applied to a title decided, a
half century since, to be a cernpletc title. Cer-
tainly this cannot, be said to be well-considered
legislation. To inciease the difficulties and stim-
ulate the heatof litigation, the bill proposes, not as
in the land law of California, that the claimants
shall make the United States a party, and the con-
test be between iliem and the Government, but it
requires the claimants to make every opposing
person or resident a party to the proceeding, and
to serve a copy of the petition upon him; thus
making him a party to the suit. Suppose, from
ignorance of the existence of some one who may
have come the night before upon some part of the
ground,his name should be omitted: what thenr
Will the grantees lose their suit? How much of
their land will gi* for this oversight? Certainly
this is worthy consideration. Still more to em-
bitter this litigation, eath of these parties is, of
right, to employ and pay hi* own counsel, whose
position then becomes equal to that of the Gov-
ernment's law officer. Evary step in the title must
be examined anew; and if anything shall have
been obliterated by time, the grantees must fail.
The United States coui t must pass not only upon
the validity of the original title, but upon the suc-
cessive events under the State law, by which the
property has vested in the hands of the present
owners. .
Let us examine this bill from another point of
view. It seems to me there must be outstanding
