THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
lion of the very deficiency provided for in this
bill was in the postal appropriation bill that was
rejected at the last Congress. That is the ordi-
nary mode of making such provisions. At one
time, the. Post Office appropriation bill was made
the means of reducing the postage—a measure
"wlywb has got us into a great deal of this trouble,
and which has caused a great portion of these
deficiencies. The speediest and the best way , as
everybody knows, to pass a measure of this kind,
is to attach it to an appropriation hill. That is one
reason why I am infavorof this amendmenthere.
There are two classes of people who are in
favor of abolishing the franking privilege. One
really want it; they want it because it is right;
because it is to the public advantage; and there-
fore they take any and all opportunities in legiti-
mate legislation to get it. There is another class
who want to vote for it whenever it cannot pass;
who are perfectly willing, like the Senator from
Maine, [Mr. Hamlin,] to vote for it in an inde-
pendent bill, because independent bills are easily
smothered. We understand what is meant by
independent legislation. We cannot shut our
eyes to the facts around us. I am one of tiiose
who want to abolish the franking privilege,and I
am willing to vote for its abolition whenever the
proposition is presented to me in a shape in which
it can be effectual. 1 know of no bill with influ-
ences behind it that will get it through quicker
than this. It came to us before the organization
of the House of Representatives; it goes with
lightning speed through this House, and there-
fore I say that it affords the best and quickest
way of getting a real reform, winch I believe was
voted for unanimously by this body in the last
Congress. I say the vote was unanimous; there
may possibly have been two or three votes against
it, but not more. 1 am for putting it here. It is
a plain, simple proposition. The Postmaster
General tells us that this privilege costs the Pest
Ofjioe Department $1,800,000 a year directly; that
the free matter going through the mails, if charged
even at the present low rate of postage, would
bring the Department a revenue of $1,800,000 a
year. Now, when we are voting money out of
the public Treasury to supply the deficiencies of
this Department, when we are going to the pock-
ets of the people to pay the cost of the business
of letter-writers, of professional men, and of mer-
chants, can there be a better time to endeavor to
release the people from some of their burdens'
You propose now to put your hands into the
pockets of the people—literate and illiterate; those
who write letters, and those who do not write; all
the agricultural people of the country—for the
benefit of a class whose sufferings are no more
meritorious than the labors of the industrial
classes of your people. A bill goes through with
more than railroad speed which puts burdens on
their backs, but you will not lift a finger to take
one off. This single proposition will effect a
direct saving of $1,800,000 o year to the Depart-
ment, according to the report of the Postmaster
General; and here we find ourselves deficient
$5,000,000 a year in this Department, and it is
objected thatabill providing for such deficiencies
is not a proper place for an amendment like this.
I say it is.
The deficiencies provided for by this bill do not
all grow out of the failure of the Post Office appro-
priation bill at the last session. Five million of
these deficiencies would exist even if you passed
forty Post Office bills, unless you authorized the
Department to go into the Treasury to an unlim-
ited extentm order to pay for the correspondence
of the mercantile and other classes. The defi-
ciency for which this bill provides docs not result
from defeating the Post Office bill; but it is the
result of your postal system; and this is the right
time, and this bill is a right place, to effect re-
forms in that system.
The Senator from Maine [Mr. Hamlin-] ex-
presses astonishment at such a proposition being
offered here. Let me ask him, how was the Post
Office Departmentgotinto this predicament? Was
it not by a proposition contained in a Post Office
appropriation bill? I believe it was by a section
in an appropriation bill that the postage was re-
duced from five to three cents. Now, when we
want a real reform, you say: "Oh, no! take any
form but this; thigis likely to get through; contract-
ors are about here; there are contractors through-
out the United. States in every man's district;
this bill must go through;" and therefore they
will put the proposition in some other bill. They
are willing to pass it in a separate bill. Suppose
it is put in a separate bill: what will be the result?
It will be passed by the Senate, go to the House
of Representatives," and be placed upon the Cal-
endar of that House to sleep forever, so that men
may go home and say, " We voted for it, but it
did not come up.'! It is very easy for men to
make it impossible for a bill to come up there,
and then go to the people and say they are in favor
of a thing, when they have used no good faith or
real exertions to pass it. Here is a simple ques-
tion. We do not need to argue-it at all. Every
gentleman's mind ismadeup; itneednot take five
minutes. The objection seems to be, that this is
the wrong place for it. That I have disposed of.
.The next objection, that made by the Senator
from Illinois, is in relation to .the proviso con-
tamed in this amendment. I think that proviso
is eminently just, and it was incorporated in the
amendment for the reasons given by the Senator
from Maine, [Mr. Fessenden.] They are good.
The amendment abolishes the franking privilege
to every extent, at once and forever. If it be
adopted, all letters' sent to members of Congress
must be prepaid; whoever writes them must pay
postage. Then it was said, and said with a good
deal of force, many members of Congress can-
not very well bear the buidens of their duties; it
becomes their duty to write to their constituents
on their business, or the public Business, and it
is proper to do it on many accounts. These are
expenses not. growing out of the member's own
business, but out of the public business; it re-
sults not from his private correspondence, but
from his attention to his public duties. Now, is
it legitimate to throw the expense which grows
out of his attention to the business of the people
on the pocket of the member himself? 1 do not
think it is. I do not think it is fair to put even
$100 or $200 expenses for postage on a gentleman
who is acting in the service of the people. The
persons benefited ought to pay it. The man who
writes to him pays for his letter before it is sent,
and when the member writes to him make him
pay again. That is what the proviso does, it
is not an anomaly even in our system; and if it
was, that would be no objection to it. Newspa-
pers arc sent through the post office without the
postage being prepaid. I know that letters are
required to be prepaid, but there are receipts for
mail matter at the office where it is received.
This proviso simnly puts this burden on those
who are benefited by the correspondence. It
would not perhaps be just to put it on members
of Congress, some of whom are very little able
to bear it, and to many of whom it would be an
inconvenience to bear it. Probably those who
are most industrious, who have a constituency
that have most to do here, and who arc therefore
the most overworked, arc the least able to bear
it; but distributing it among his constituents, ac-
cording to the business of each, it amounts to
little or nothing. The amendment, while pro-
viding for the total abolition of the franking priv-
ilege, simply protects the public servant from
paying other people's expenses, and distributes
this burden among those who are benefited by
the correspondence. I think that is a just and
a sound principle, and the Finance Committee
adopted it for that reason.
I say then to the friends of this measure, the
place is eminently proper. Why? Because it is
most likely to succeed here. The proviso is em-
inently just. Why? Because it distributes this
burden of postage where it ought to be. For
both reasons, both as to time anck place, this
amendment ought to commend itself to the friends
of the abolition of the franking privilege.
Mr. HALE. I am not going to say a word on
the bill; but I desire to move a vory slight amend-
ment to the amendment. If I heard it read aright,
it fixes the time when it is to go into operation at
the 1st of May. I have no doubt that is as en-
tirely accidental as anything could well be; it was
put m, i suppose, because some time must be put
in; but I prefer to change it to the 1st of April;
and for this simple reason: by extending it to the
1st of May, you carry the franking privilege all
through the Charleston convention that sits in
April, and cut it off from the Republicans, who:je
convention sits in June. Make it the 1st of April,
and you will cut them both off.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have no objection to that.
Mr. SIMMONS. It is a little singular to me,
Mr. President, that this proposition to go into the
whole question of postage should come up on this
deficiency bill. I tried very hard this morning to
mducc the committee to include in this bill another
description of contractors, just as meritorious a 
these, who are waiting for their pay; but the com-
mittee said there was such a pressing- necessity for
the passage of the bill, that if anybody else was
provided for in it but these mail contractors, it
could not pass to-day. I find now, however, that
the committee have proposed a thing here which
defeated the whole bill last year.
I am not one of those who intend to abuse the
franking privilege if I keep it, or who cares much
about it if I do not have it; but I have no idea of
having such a privilege taken from the members
of Congress upon a deficiency bill to pay contract-
ors, and to be hurried through by the necessities
of the public. If there is merit in this question,
it will carry itself. But the Senator from Georgia
says that unless"it is put on some such bill as this,
it will not rise from the table of the Speaker of
the House of Representatives until doomsday; for
that, I believe, is about the time to which the dis-
solution of the Union is to be postponed.
If it is a great privilege to members of Congress
to buy speeches and frank them for their constit-
uents, I have no great objection to losing that
privilege; and that is about all the burden which
is cast on the postal system by it. 1 have no
doubt that, if all the free mail matter which is
now carried, was charged at regular rates, and
you could get letter postage on the speeches that
are sent out, you would get a vast amount into
the Treasury; but that is not the great evil, that
is not the way the public coffers are drained the
most. Itisby printing such an everlasting amount
of documents, that it is enough to wear anybody
out to frank them, much less to pay for printing
them; and I suppose it was principally for that
purpose that the franking privilege was to be taken
away.
I am willing to consider this question, and to
debate it temperately; but I say that- this bill is,
of all others, the most improper place for a pro-
vision of this kind. If there is any foundation
for the bill itself, and for its being urged through
the other House before it was fairly "organized,
11 and coming here, and without waiting twenty-four
hours, being considered to the exclusion of every-
' thing else, and to shut out everybody but mail
contractors, who seem to have suffered more gen-
erally than others, I think this is an improper
place for the proposition. I think the objection
taken by the Senator from Maine [Mr. Hamlin]
was well taken. The proper consideration of this
question would require a great deal of debate;
and, to insist on it here, is an attempt to force the
other House to do what they refused to do, to
submit to other terms than those they sent to us,
m order to get this privilege, as it is called, away
from them. I think there was a plan adopted a
year or two ago by which a statement of the num-
ber of documents franked by Senators was pub-
licly read here; and, if it was followed up every
year, it would bring home the abuse of the priv-
ilege to those persons who abused it. It makes
some difference to hear a man's name read here
as having franked three hundred thousand docu-
ments m one year, while another had franked but
three hundred—a great disparity; and, I think,
after a while gentlemen would be a little more care-
ful of their franks.
But whatever may be the final determination of
the Senate, I think this is an improper method
of trying to force the measure through Congress
upon a bill that is intended, honestly intended, for
the relief of people out of doors, who are really
suffering for the want of money honestly dup, on
which we are paying interest while we are de-
bating this question; and the interest on the sum
due will amount to more than the franking privi-
lege costs, if you keep it up three or four months,
if the measure can be brought up at some other
time, it is perfectly indifferent to me whether the
franking privilege be withdrawn or not; but
whenever it comes up, I desire to have some in-
formation in reference to the printed matter that
is sent through the mails. It is my deliberate
judgment that it costs §3,000,000 a year more
than it comes to. I do not say that 1 should not
"be willing to pay it i^money enough came from
