1714
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 13,
we are introducing a system of doing business
which supersedes the consideration of this Private
Calendar wholly.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia will understand that the gentleman from
' New York is reporting a bill from the Committee
for the District of Columbia, which has just been
eallcd.
The resolution was read by its title, as follows;
A resolution (S. No. 24) for the compensation
of R. R. Richards, late chaplain of the United
States penitentiary in the District of Columbia.
Mr. CARTER. I ask that that resolution may
be substituted for the House bill already upon the
Calendar.
Mr. HOUSTON. Let it go upon the Calendar.
Mr. CARTER. I move to put the resolution
upon its passage.
The resolution, which was read, directs that the
sum of $300 be paid to the Rev. R. R. Richards,
late chaplain of the United States penitentiary in
the District of Columbia, out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, in full
of one half year's salary, ending J une 30, 1857.
The resolution was ordered to a third reading;
and was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. CARTER moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was passed; and also moved
;o lay the motion to reconsider on the,table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOIIN W. NYE.
Mr. CARTER,"from the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported three bills for the re-
lief of John W. Nye; which were severally read
a first and second time, referred to a Committee
of the Whole House, and, with the accompany-
ing reports, ordered to be printed.
CLERK TO COMMITTEE.
Mr. CARTER. I am also instructed by the
same committee to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee for the District of' Colum-
bia be authorized to employ a cleik, at a compensation of
four dollars per day while actually employed.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I object to the in-
troduction of that resolution.
Mr. BURNETT. 1 want to say to the chair-
man of the Committee for the District of Columbia
that I thought that I had been present at every
regular meeting of that committee, and I did not
know that such a resolution had been authorized
by them. I desire further to say to the House
that that committee has no use for a clerk.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. And I wish to say,
in this connection, that this system of employing
clerks for committees is very exceptionable.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon the
adoption of the lesolution.
Mr. BURNETT. I make the point of order
that this ia not a private bill, and cannot, under
any rule of the House, be reported when the
committees are being called for reports of private
bills.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state that
the employment of a clerk would apply to the
private as well as to the public business of the
committee; and the Chair can see no reason why
the chairman of the committee might not report it.
Mr. BURNETT. I then move that the reso-
lution be recommitted to the Committee for the
District of Columbia; and if the chairman of the
committee insists upon the resolution, 1 will call
for an exhibition of the records of the committee,
to see who were present when the resolution was
authorized.
Mr. HOUSTON. Is not the call of the com-
mittees this morning for the report of private bills
exclusively ?
The SPEAKER. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOUSTON. This is private bill day; and
if a committee proposes to report a public bill, is
it not the duty of the Chair to decline to receive it?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has just stated
that the service of a clerk applies to the private
as well as the public business of the committee.
He is to act for private as well as for public busi-
ness, and the Chair does not see how he can de-
cline to receive the resolution.
Mr. HOUSTON. Of course, if he has to act
for public business that makes it a public meas-
ure, and that would exclude the resolution from
being received under a call of committees for pri-
vate bills. A bill may bo both a private and a
public bill. That is, many of the public bills
have provisions in them which have a private
effect upon individual parties in the country; but,
nevertheless, in every such case they are public
bills. But a private bill is one exclusively con-
fined to private individuals; and has no aspect of
a public measure in it. This resolution, there-
fore, must be a public measure.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has already ruled
that the resolution is a private measure
Mr. CARTER. I am surprised to hear the
remarksof my colleague on the committee. I have
stated that 1 was ordered by a majority of the
committee to report this resolution. If the gentle-
man from Kentucky was not there at the time, it
is not my fault. I am not his keeper. I cannot
call him there. I am very sorry to say that the
members of our committee are not so prompt or
regular in their attendance as I should desire to
see them. But for a gentleman to get up here and
impugn my motives or my truth in saying that I
was directed to make a report as chairman of the
committee, is something that astonishes me.
Mr. BURNETT.' I did not impugn the gentle-
man's motives or his truth. But I will say this,
that since this resolution has been introduced I
have conversed with several members of this com-
mittee, and they have no recollection of the chair-
man of the committee being authorized by them
to make this report to the House I have attended,
I believe, every regular meeting of this committee
since it first met. If I have been absent once I
do not now remember it.
I desire, also, to say this to the House in con-
nection with the resolution: this system of em-
ploying clerks, as I have said before, is all wrong,
except for a few committees of the House.
I have served on the Committee fur the District
of Columbia during two Congresses. Nearly the
entire business that was to come before that com-
mittee at this Congress has been already disposed
of. We have reported to the House the bills and
resolutions referred to us, and we have now, com-
paratively, but little business before us. What
is tire object of having a clerk? It is, when there
is such an amount of business before a committee
that they cannot hunt up statistics, cannot make
calculations, cannot copy the papers that may be
necossary. All these things, 1 understand, come
within the scopc of the legitimate duties of a clerk
to a committee. Never having had one, I am now
supposing a case, for I do not know what is done
by clerks to committees. I say to the House that
I could do all the writing of the Committee for the
District of Columbia—except the preparation of
reports, which every memberprepares forhimself,
I presume—in fifteen minutes, every morning we
meet. 1 was on that committee last Congress, and
owing to the sickness of its chairman, the la-
mented member from Virginia, (Mr. Goode,) I
had the honor, ordinarily, to act as chairman of
the committee; and I never found any necessity
fora clerk. The committee does not need a clerk.
The only use he can be applied to—as is done in
other committees—is to frank the documents of the
chairman, and attend to his private writing. That
is all the use thatcommittee can have for a clerk;
and, without any reflection at all on the chairman—
for none is intended—I say this to the House, in all
frankness, that the purpose is to employ a clerk
at this late period of the session, and put him in
the committee room—to do what? So far as the
public business is concerned, nothing.
I therefore, sir, withdraw my motion to recom-
mit, and ask that we may vote on the proposition,
if the gentleman from New York insists on it. I
hope, however, we may have the yeas and nays,
and see whether this sort of useless expenditure
is to be kept up.
Mr. CARTER. Mr. Speaker, I am a new
member of this House; but so far as my knowl-
edge thus far extends, I believe that the duties of
this committee are as laborious as those of any
committee of the House. We have the citizens of
this District coming before us continually. They
may not have been before the member who has
last spoken, but they have been before us, and
we have to examine into all the minutiae of the i
business of this District. It has isolated me en- ;
tirely from the common business of the House, \
confining me altogether to the business of the '
District, If there be any committee of the House !
entitled to a clerk, it is the Committee for the Dis- i
trict of Columbia. ;
Mr. HUGHES. As a member of the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia, I think it just
to our chairman to say that, early after the organ-
ization of the committee, I gave my assent to that
recommendation for a clerk. I do not recollect
whether it was in committee or not; I think it was
not. I assented to it on his representation that a
clerk was necessary, and I certainly thought that
a clerk would be a great convenience. I must
say that I believe there is a great deal of business
before the committee. I did give my assent to the
reporting of the resolution.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to say, in connec-
tion with this matter 
Mr. SINGLETON. I wish to inquire of the
gentleman from Kentucky whether it was ever
d eemcd necessary that that committee should have
a clerk heretofore?
Mr. BURNETT. That committee has never
had a clerk. I do not desire to detain the House;
but I desire to say this, in justice to myself: I
think 1 have been present at every regular meet-
ing of that committee since it first met, and I state
that if there ever has been any authority to re-
port this resolution for the employment of a clerk,
I have no recollection of it. In that statement I
have been sustained by other gentlemen of the
committee. That this resolution ought not to
pass, is apparent to every member who will give
the matter one moment's consideration. *As I
said before, there is no necessity for it, so long
as that committee has a chairman who is a busi-
ness man like the distinguished member from
New York. I call the previous question on the
resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; which was on the pas^ge
of the resolution.
The question was taken; and the resolution was
rejected.
Mr. BURNETT moved the reconsideration of
the vote by which the resolution was rejected;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SERVICE ON A COMMITTEE.
Mr. CARTER. I now respectfully decline serv-
ing any longer on the Committee for the District
of Columbia, and ask to be excused.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to say that the gen-
tleman from New York is a little excited now,
and I hope that that motion will be postponed.
Mr. CARTER. I call for action on my motion.
Mr. BURNETT. Ifthegentleman insists upon
it, he ought to be excused.
Mr. STANTON. I move to postpone the con-
sideration of that motion till next Saturday.
Mr. MAYNARD. Whenever a member has
desired to be excused from service on a commit-
tee, he has always been excused.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I hope my col-
league will not persist in that motion. The unties
of chairman of the Committee for the District of
Columbia are, I know, onerous;- but, in conse-
quence of those devolved on that committee by
the passage of the polygamy bill, [laughter,] I
hope he will retain his place. It is necessary that
these duties be discharged; and I entreat my
friend to remain in his position. We, nis col-
leagues, ask him to do so; and, no doubt, the
House will recommend him to remain.
Mr. CURTIS. ' Has the gentleman from New
York-a personal interest in the system?
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I am personally in-
terested in all that concerns the District system.
[Laughter.]
Mr. CARTER. I did not hear the remark of
my colleague, but I felt his eloquence passing by
me, as a feather goes over the waves, leaving no
ripple behind. [Laughter.]
Mr. HUGHES. I hope the gentleman will
not be excused. I know it is rather a delicate
matter to vote against excusing a gentleman; but
the service of the gentleman from New York is im-
portant to the committee, and I hope he will not
be excused.
The question was taken; and the House refused
to excuse Mr. Carter from service on the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia.
NORMAL SCHOOL.
Mr. BURNETT, from the Committee for the
Districtof Columbia, made an adverse leport upon
the petition of citizens of Washington, asking ail
