1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
f.
the ease his own personal bitterness. Had the
learned judge been possessed of foresight, as ho is
of judicial clearness of vision, he could not have
more pointedly condemned, in advance, justsuch
flimsy, " inequitable'5 legislation as the bill pro-
poses. And yet it is gravely proposed by the
Senator from Ohio that the grantees should accept
this bill in lieu of the act of 1858. To what de-
cision they may comc upon that proposition, I
cannot know. But it seems scarcely reasonable
to suppose that they will agree to consider their
title infirm; to give up rights of long standing,
and accept, in their stead, a bill of pains, penal-
ties, and confiscations.
And if the principle prevails which underlie*
the bill, the right to repeal an act confirming title—
what, then, after alP Once before Congress pro-
vided means to examine this title, and has con-
firmed the result. We repeal the confirmation,
and appoint another tribunal to examine. Sup-
pose the principle to beconect, this other tribunal
may confirm, and yet another Congress may re-
peal. Our successors may repeal our grants, or
promises of grants, if we can repeal those of our
predecessors. To evade this, the honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio [Mr. Pugii] finds out that the act
of 1858 is, as he termsit, " in fieriNow, how
did it get " in fieri ?'J "Why," says he, " by
virtue of a resolution passed in 1859." It is usu-
ally supposed that it requires as solemn a pro-
ceeding to repeal a statute as to enact it. But let
that pass. In consequence of a resolution passed
at a subsequent session of Congress, the act of
1858, goes the argument, " is yet in fieri; no right
has been vested under it; no right has been fixed
under it." This seems to me, with all respect,
iving strange potency to the phrase " in fieri."
t seems generally understood that, when an act
of Congress does not fix any other time for its
going into operation, it takes effect immediately.
Whatever lights are to be vested, unless other-
wise declared, vest then. They need no subse-
quent act, much less a confirming lesolution. If
the rights granted or confirmed are, in their na-
ture, irrevocable, they pass at once beyond the
control of subsequent act or resolution of Con-
gress.
One of two propositions is sure: either Con-
gress has the right to lepeal the act of 1858, or it
has not. If it lias the right, why appeal to this
" in. fieri'1 proceeding? If it lias not the right,
surely it cannot attain that right by a resolution
of its own. It is evident that potency can be
given to the resolution only by begging the ques-
tion. It must assume that Congress can repeal
(for suspension pro tanto amounts to a repeal) a
legislative grant; otherwise, the resolution is void.
But that the grant can be repealed,_is the very
point to be proved. If the power exists in Con-
gress, it needs no resolution to support it; if it did
not, no resolution can confer it. So that this
formidable creature "in fieri"—brought in as the
hero of the argument—turns out a very harmless
middle term.
But I think the honorable Senator has been
misled by not observing the difference between a
legislative grant and a patent, and irom suppos-
ing that the patent was necessary to confer rights
upon confirmees. At least so I supposed from
some of his subsequent remarks. Ii so, he is m
grave error. A legislative grantor confirmation,
if not otherwise restrained, acts in presently and
vests the rights under it the moment the statute
goes into operation. The patent, in such cases
as this, is only the act of the ministerial officers,
and follows the right as an incident. The patent
may be, and is, a convenient instrument for the
evidence of the right; but it is the statute wliiCxi
vests the right, and does it effectively and entirely -
After that, the ministerial officers (I mean in the
case of a direct legislative grant or confirmation,
as this is) have no function to perform, but to
furnish the ordinary certificate of the fact, which,
under our usage, is the patent. And this is such
well-settled law that it needs no further discus-
sion. (See Grignon's lessee vs. Astor, 2 How-
ard, 319; Strother w. Lucas, 12 Peters, 454.)
I have now given fully my views on this sub-
ject. 1 have examined the circumstances under
which General Hampton involved himself m this
large purchase, and expended not thousands, but
hundreds of thousands, in improving and reclaim-
ing these lands. I have shown, I think, "good
faith" on his part, and that he had good reason
to suppose he was receiving firm title to all he
has ever claimed. In dealing with such ques-
tions, "good faith" in the claimants has ever
been held by every department of our Govern-
ment, as it is in justice, the great test of merit-
Small quibbles have always been disregarded by
the Supreme Court, and every presumption of
law has been invoked in aid of the frank and open
claimant. It is the secret, suppressed title, hid-
den until the country becomes settled, and then,
for the first time, produced, that the court has
properly dealt rigidly with.
General Hamilton was a man of enlarged and
bold ideas, but cautious and particular in his con-
tracts. Before his purchase, he was well satis-
fied with the title for which he was to pay; for
whatever mistakes may he made, the payment or
contract for payment by a solvent man. ofa large
sum, indicates pretty clearly his idea of security
in the title which he purchases, the more espe-
cially if he buys not for speculative purposes,
but for permanent enterprise or solid investment.
In this case lie did buy for permanency; he bought
for a purpose of large scope; and bestowed ins
labor, pledged his cicdit, and embaikcd his cap-
ital without stmt.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President 
Mr. BIGLER. Does the Senator from Ken-
tucky desire to speak on this subject?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Yes, sir.
Mr. BIGLER. I thought there was an under-
standing that we should take up the Kansas bill
at one o'clock to-day.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope not. I hope we shall
go on with tnis subject until we get through with
it. I hope it will be disposed of before we take
up any other business.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I believe X have the
floor.
Mr. PUGH- I hope the Senator from Ken-
tucky will be allowed to proceed, as we have got
this bill up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Kentucky is entitled to the floor.
Mr CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, I am
sensible how much the Senate are weaned with
this discussion, so diy in its details, and rather
of a private than of a political character, and I
shall be very brief. Indeed, I apprehend that 1
shall be able to add but very little to what has
been said, or to the force of it, and this will be
another motive to be very brief.
Mr. President, the only question involved in the
controversy between the claimants of the JI ou mas
claim and'the Government is, m my judgment,
and according to the report made, as to the extent,
and not the validity of the claim. _ That the par-
ties under whom the lioumas claimants derived
their title hud a title to ninety-six arpents or
ninety arpents front oil the river, with forty
arpents running off into the rear, there is no
question; and I shall not contest it. That they
have also a right to what is called a back conces-
sion, I am not disposed to contest either, it is the
limits of that back concession that has produced
all the controversy between the Government and
the Houmas claimants. That is the difficulty, j
The original grant was, say, ninety-six arpenta i
(for such it turns out to be) on the river, with
lines running forty arpents back. So far is cer-
tain; but in this particular instance, owing to the
curvature of the river, which forms the boundary
of the river line, these lines have a great expan-
sion; they run off to the rear, both to the right
and to the left, so as to include greatly more land
than a square would include. According to the
mode of surveying in all the old United States, it
would he in a square and include a precise definite
quantity; but according to the rule which pre-
vailed m surveys made in the province of Lou-
isiana, it is said,and we accord that to the claim-
ants, that each line running back of a survey
whose boundary is upon the river is to run ex-
actly perpendicular to the course of the river
where the line starts from. It is in consequence
of the great curvature m the river that the two
side lines, instead of running right square off from
a common base, to be made by mathematical in-
struments, arc to run off exactlyperpendicular to
the river. The consequence might possibly be,
that these lines would run, one north and the
other south. The curvature might be such as to
produce that effect exactly. Here it does not pro-
duce that effect; but it produces a considerable
approximation towards it,- the - lines diverging
from their very commencement, and that diver-
gence continuing to increase as they go back,'
But the claimants were entitled, according to
this rule, to a tract of ninety-six arpents on the-;
river, with lines running back forty arpents in?
the rear. That, according to this mode of star*"
veying, would give them about four, thousand
acres of land. In addition to that, they are en-
titled to what is called a back concession. Tt
is the claim which they assert under that bade
concession which produces the controversy.
Now, sir, what is that? The committee did- not
think proper to determine the question. That-
back concession has no final line closing the sur-
vey. The two side lines are protracted indefi-
nitely, according to their mode of surveying, but
there is in the grant no prescribed line by which
that survey is to be closed in the rear. It is,
however, a back concession, and this very term
has a reference; it refers to an original concession.
Upon that original concession, and to that, is to
superadded a back concession. That is a term of
description. What are we to gather from this
reference ? The common construction is, that the
back concession, which in terms had reference to
the primary concession, is in its form and in its
quantity, in the length of its lines at any rate,.if
not m its quantity, to conform to the original,
Here is an original concession; and by reference
to it, you assume that that which is incidental to
lt is to take the form of.the original; and this, I
say, is the common construction. • ^
Construed in that way, to make out the back
concession you would commence upon the back
line of the original concession, protracting the
lines for forty arpents, the depth of the original
survey,and closing it with a hneconnectingthese
two lateral lines together. Thus you would form
two tracts of forty arpents in depth each;and that,
it seems to me, was probably the fair and proper
construction to be given to the survey.
The language of the grant, to be sure, is the
land lying back of the original survey, provided
it be vacant. That is, in substance, the language.
What land lying vacant? What was in contem-
plation of the grantor ? AH the land lying back
of it—all the universe, all the world lying back of
it? Such a construction as that would have ren-
dered it void for uncertainty. A grant must have
defined limits; a grant must have a specific object
and grant a specific thing. Agrantin terms which
does*not define the boundary of the land granted
is void for uncertainty; and this, not only by the
judgment of courts of justicc, but by the judgment
of every man of sense who will reflect for a mo-
ment on the subjcct. The grant is that which
separates a particular piece of land from every-
body else's land, and makes it the property of tho
grantee. If it be so uncertain that you cannot set
the limits to it, then it is so vague that it is void
for uncertainty.
Now, according to my construction, the effect
of having no back lines to the back concession
produces the uncertainty; and I am for remedy-
ing that unceitainty by interpretation. There
may be very little to interpret; but still, as there
is an original grant, and as this is a grant con-
nected with that original grant, having reference
to it; and as there is no other rule of limitation
given for its extent backward, I consult the refer-
ence which is made, and having an original to go
by, I make that which is secondary conform to
that which is original; and that, I say, according
to my knowledge of the land laws of Louisiana—
quite imperfect, to be sure—is the rule adopted
by their courts of justice as a general thing. They
^commonly had this expression with them: "the
common depth." That is the term used here in
the original grant—"the common depth back."
So exactly had law and custom, or law or cus-
tom, established the depth of a grant, that to say
"forty arpents back," was understood to mean
precisely the same thing as to say, " the common
depth." The expressions are used as perfectly
equivalent; the custom was so universal of limit-
ing grants to the depth of forty arpents.
That being the general principle of their law,
I adopt it, to save the claim from condemnation
as too uncertain and too vague, by supplying a
boundary from the common usage of the country,
and giving them the benefit of the common depth.
When you look at the acknowledged facts ot the
case, I think that this construction is strengthened.
