1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
appropriation for a normal school in the District
of Columbia; which was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. BURNETT. On the last objection day
there were a couple of bills reported to the House
from the Committee of the Whole, with a recom-
mendation that they do pass. They were passed
by the House, after which I entered# motions to
reconsider. I desire now to call up thosQ,motions,
to have the reports read, and then I will detain the
House but for a moment.
Mr.FENTON. I hope thegentleman willfirst
allow the committees to oe called through.
Mr. BURNETT. Very well. I have the right
to call up the motion to reconsider at any time,and
I will defer it at the request of tlie gentleman from
New York.
WASHINGTON MARKET-HOUSE.
Mr. KILGORE. I am directed by the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia to report back
Senate bill No. 192, authorizing the corporation
of Washington city to make a loan and issue stock
to the amount ©f $200,000, for the purpose of
building a market-house.
Some time ago, this bill was passed by the Sen-
ate, and sent to the House, authorizing the issuing
of this stock to build a market-house, to the amount
of $200,000. By the act of incorporation it is pro-
vided that the city of Washington shall at no time
contract a debt beyond §10,000 without submit-
ting the question to the people; and when the bill
came to the House the Committee for the District
of Columbia reported in favor of striking out the
Senate bill, and substituting a bill'providing that
the loan should be made for this purpose on the
question being first submitted to the people of the
city, and approved by tliem. The bill in this shape
passed the House, and went back to the Senate.
The Senate struck out the material amendments
made by the House, and inserted again a clause
authorizing the creation of the debt without sub-
mitting the question to the people. The commit-
tee now recommend that the House do not concur
in the amendment of the Senate; and I make-that
motion.
Mr. HUGHES. I trust the House will not
adopt the motion «f the gentleman from Indiana.
He-has stated very succinctly the history of the
matter thus far. The Senate have twice considered
the matter, and they have twice refused to insert
the condition in the bill. The bill was originally
passed by them without the condition; and when
inserted by the House, they refused to concur with
us in it. This is a matter of a good deal of con-
sequence to the city of Washington. The people
of the city desire to construct this great public im-
provement. It is greatly needed, in a business
point of view, and it will be an ornament to the
city in an architectural point of view. In every
aspect it will be of very great utility to the city at
large.
It is very true that the charter of the city pro-
hibits them from incurring a debt of more than
$10,000; and they cannot issue bonds to exceed
that amount withoutfirstsubmitting the question,
for the approval of the people, at an annual elec-
tion. But I understand that, by giving them this
permission, they will be enabled to construct the
market-house for twenty or twenty-five thousand
dollars less than by issuing bonds, from time to
time, of §10,000 each, as they would be compelled
to do under the charter. The House will readily
see that it will be subjecting them to very great
inconvenience by compelling them to resort to
such a plan for the building of this market-house.
It is again very important that the question be
settled at once, so that no more time need be lost
in commencing the work, for the time is rapidly
passing away. I understand that they have prop-
ositions to construct the whole work within the
$200,000.
Mr. CARTER. Do 1 understand the gentle-
man from Maryland to say that the corporation
oi' the city of Washington have the right, with-
out any submission to the people, to create a debt
of $220,000, by issuing, separately, bonds of
$10,000, and continuing the issuance of them,
without waiting for each to be redeemed, until the
whole'amount of $220,000 has been reached?
Mr. HUGHES. Not at all. They cannot issue
bonds at any time to the amount of over ten thou-
sand dollars; but when those bonds shall have
been taken up, they can issue $10,000 more, and
so on; but certainly not in the way my friend_
understands it. It is to prevent any embarrass-
ment, in consequence of this provision, that we
desire to give them authority to issue bonds for
this purpose, not to exceed $200,000, as provided
in the Senate bill.
But to show that there is no necessity of re-
sorting to the popular vote, I will say that there
is no danger of any tax being imposed upon the
people for the redemption of'these bonds. The
old market-house now yields a revenue to the
city of some thirteen thousand dollars a year; and
it has been ascertained, as I understand, by in-
viting proposals in advance, contingent upon the
erection of the new market-house, that the reve-
nue that will be derived from it will amount to
the sum of thirty-five or forty thousand dollars a
year. So that, in all human probability, this
will never prove a tax upon the people here in
any manner or form. I see, therefore, no cause
for imposing this condition upon the authorities
of the city of Washington. I hope the bill will
pass the "House as it came from -the Senate. I
repeat, that it is of great importance that the work
should commence as soon as possible. The en-
tire revenues to be derived from the new market-
house are pledged to the redemption of these
bonds; and I see no reason why permission should
not be given to issue them, without further delay.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I understand the
gentleman from Maryland to say this is a very
important question to the interests of the city.
Mr. HUGHES. Yes, sir.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I ask the gentle-
man, then, if he is afraid to trust the people in a
matter of great importance to them ?
Mr. HIJGHES. No, sir; but I am unwilling
to subject the matter to further delay, and I will
say to the gentleman further, that it is the univer-
sal experience, in matters of this sort, that rival-
ries exist between different sections ofa city which
it is injudicious to stir up by the submission of
such a question as this.
This question has agitated this community for
the last ten or twelve years. It has entered into
almost every municipal election which has taken
place in that time. I understand that it entered
actively into the last election which was held. The
gentlemen then elected to the City Councils have
passed a bill appointing commissioners for the
purpose of having this market-house constructed.
They have appealed to us for the passage of this
measure. It may be that, if the question be sub-
mitted to the people, there will be embarrassment
and delay. It will be difficult to explain the mat-
ter; and there will be great confusion at the polls
in taking the votes in the manner proposed. In all
events, the proposed submission will do no good.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. If the gentleman
will permit me, I would like to inquire what ne-
cessity there is for rushing the construction of this
building to its completion in such extraordinary
haste ?
Mr. HUGHES. The old market-house is a
great nuisance, and it ought to be abated as speed-
ily as possible. It is a dirty, miserable place. It
is so filthy, that in the warm summer months it
may, if left standing, generate disease in the neigh-
borhood. I believe, with others, that the sooner
it is torn down the better. Besides, I want to see a
sightly structure erected, that, by its architectural
embellishments, will not only be useful, but orna-
mental to the city.
Mr.CARTER. HasthegentlemanfromMary-
land estimated what Will be the interest on the
money to be borrowed ?
Mr. HUGHES. It will be at the rate of six
per cent. That will amount to some thirteen thou-
! sand dollars per annum.
Mr. CARTER. What is the gentleman's be-
lief in leference to the probable revenue of the
market-house ?
Mr. HUGHES. My estimate is, that the rev-
!l emie from the maiket-house will be $35,000 per
■ annum. That, sir, will not only pay interest
; upon the money borrowed, but create a fund for
i the payment of the principal.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I have not
5 mad the bill, and I would like the gentleman to
ii tell me whether it provides the length of time the
!! debt shall run before the United States will be
!i called upon to assume it.
Mr. HUGHES. Yes, sir; I believe it is the
day of judgment.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. That is
longer than I expected, a good deal.
Mr. KILGORE. As I have before stated, the
act of incorporation prohibits the creation of a
debt beyond $10,000. The object of the Senate
bill is to amend that act of incorporation, in so far
as to permit the issue of this loan on the part of
the city. The provision of the act of incorpora-
tion is a wise one. It has been ingrafted up*tn
the constitutions of many of the States with good •
results. It has been provided that debts shall not
be incurred, unless the question has been previ-
ously submitted to the people, who ultimately are
to redeem the debt. The provision was wisely
ingrafted upon the act of incorporation of this
city. The citizens of Washington are those who
are to be responsible for the payment of this loan.
The city has now a debt of nearly a million dol-
lars hanging over it. There is over eight hundred
thousand dollars of a funded debt, and a floating
debt of perhaps a hundred and fifty thousand
dollars. Here, in addition to that, is a propo-
sition to increase the debt of the city of Wash-
ington by a loan of $5220,000, for the purpose of
putting up, as the gentleman from Maryland
[Mr. Hughes] remarks, a building that will be
an ornament to the city.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I am inclined to think, from
the drawings I have seen of the proposed market-
house, that it will be, if built, more ornamental
than useful. There are to be, besides a large hall,
offices, and other arrangements.
A word in reference to what has been said about
delay. There can be no unreasonable delay cre-
ated; for I am informed the letting of the contract
has already been had. The contract is already let
for the construction of the new market-house. Iam
assured, by the Mayor of the city, that if the ques-
tion be submitted to the people there will hardly be
two hundred found voting against it. He told us,
expressly, that not more than twohundred citizens
within the city limits would be found voting against
the loan. If that be so there can be no danger in
submitting the question to a popular vote. I have
been visited by persons who are interested in the
market-house, and who live in the neighborhood
of its site. They have informed me that if the
question be submitted to the people it will have the
effect to prevent the construction of the proposed
market-house; for that, outside of the fourth ward,
there cannot be found two hundred citizens who
will vote in favor of it. So, then, we have the
statement, upon the one hand, of people who are
directly interested in this matter, and upon the
other the, statement of the Mayor. _ They do not
agree, but are diametrically opposite. One says
that if the question be submitted, it will be carried
almost unanimously, and the other that it will be
almost unanimously defeated. We propose that
the question shall be submitted to the people; and
that, if they'are in favor of the construction of an
expensive market-house they will say so; and if
opposed to it theyswill evince that opposition at
the ballot-box.
In conclusion, Mr. Speaker, I hope that the
House will not concur in the amendment of the
Senate to the amendment of the House, but that
it will insist on its amendment to the original bill,
and permit the people to settle this matter in their
own way.
Mr. THEAKER. I have been through the
market-house in this city, and I do not know what
there is about it so filthy as to create a. fear that
it will generate disease. Everything seemed to be
right there. Miasma cannot arise from a clean^
washed pavement, which extends from one end of
the market-house to the other.
Mr. HUGHES. I meant no particular reflec-
tion against the market-house. Perhaps there
may be a difference in our olfactories. It is, how-
ever, as we all know, an old, dilapidated building;
and although it may, with regard to stenches, be
like cologne, there certainly is no cologne water
anywhere about it. The stench from it is very
offensive, and the nuisance ought to be abated.
Mr. SPINNER. Was not the late election for
municipal officers made with reference to the con-
struction of this new market-house?
Mr. HUGHES. It was. .
Mr. SPINNER. Then why again submit the
question to the people?
