696
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
. The amendment, Mr. President, divides itself
into two classes of considerations; first, it is to
reform an abuse, and secondly, it is to change the
policy in relation to the transportation of the mail.
As to the abuse, I dissent from a great portion of
the argument which has been offered, and it spems
to direct itself towards the correspondence of
members. That is a small matter, indeed. If
Senators do allow others to put their names and
thus exercise the franking privilege, they violate
the law. That is an offense. I do not speak of
' that. I speak of the abuse only. I will here,
however, say, that I think it is due to my asso-
ciates to state that I do not believe the practice
does prevail of Senators allowing others to write
their names to public documents; that exceptions
have been taken for the rule.
The abuse, however, in the view which I take
of it, is the franking of large documents, burden-
ing the mails with immense numbers of pounds,
and as a consequence creating the desire to print
large numbers of documents which will be accept-
able to the constituents of those who have to dis-
tribute them. It thus, in the first place, imposes
the expense of transportation in the view we are
now taking; but connected with that transporta-
tion is the still greater cost of the material and the
work which produces the documents thus to be
senj. through the mail. It then embraces the cost
of transporting the mail, because of the large
weight lyhich has to be transported. You must
use wagons and coaches, where otherwise a horse-
back mail would do, or you must occupy a large
portion of a steamboat or rail car; and thus you
enhance very greatly the price at which you get
a contract to carry the mail over a particular route.
The saving in tins respect, I think, would be
$3,000,000, at least. I diminish the sum stated by
the Postmaster General in relation to the trans-
portation; I take one half the sum which we have
paid for printing the documents that arc trans-
ported; I throw out of consideration the reduccd
price at which the contracts will be taken, and still
I say there will be a saving of |3,000,000.
Then to reform this abuse brings this great
economy in its train. If we print a book which
our constituents desire, why not wait until they
ask for the book, and then send it through the
mail at the expense of the person who desires it,
just as if he sent an order for a book to be pur-
chased at one of the bookstores of the city? He
who receives it should pay for the transportation,
not his neighbors who derive no benefit from it.
The policy which seems to be looked to as the
final result of this amendment, is to make the Post
Office Department self-sustaining. This is one
step in tlnitdirection; and I do not doubt that the
Senator from Vermont has correctly said it will
not suffice for that purpose. It will contribute in
a small degree.
Mr. COLLAMER. If the gentleman will in-
dulge me. I will suggest wiiat is the radical diffi-
culty. Up to 1851, by the law of 1825 and the ;
revision of 1836, it was a standing rule and lini-
ltation that all appropriations made for the mail
service by Congress should be payable only out
of money in the Treasury derived from the Post
Office; and therefore when the appropriation bill
was passed, no matter whether it said so much
for keys, so much for mail-bags, so much for
postmasters and all that, wc could draw not a dol-
lar, except what came from the Post Office reve-
nues. That kept the head of the Department all
the while limited in its expenses.. It, operated as
a sort of tether. Whenever a man came to inquire
whether he would increase such a mail service, or
set up such a route according to the act establish-
ing the post road, he immediately inquired of his
fiscal agency of the Department—Mr. Marron,
as you all know—what is our pecuniary condi-
tion? Can wc afford to do this thing; can we
afford to do that, and go on with the ordinary im-
provement of the Department? A few hours or
a day or two would enable him to answer. A
member of Congress, an honorable Senator, calls
for such a piece of service to be set up in his State,
or increased m his State. He is told by the head
of the Department, " Well, sir, I do not know;
this is a large matter; it will cost twenty or thirty
or one hundred thousand dollars; I will see- if
you will call next week 1 will inform you; I do
not know whether I am able to do it; I will do
what I can." At the end of the week he calls
again. The Department has examined its finan-
cial condition. He answers the gentleman at once,
" I cannot do that; I find upon examination of
the state of the Department that I am not able to
do it." He, as an honorable and candid man, is
satisfied. The people who employ him to go there
on that business are satisfied. It is ended for the
time, and the service will be established when it
can be properly done.
In 1851, when Congress passed the act estab-
lishing the three cent rate of postage, there was a
provision made in that act, that the Department
should not lessen its ordinary increase of the ser-
vice of the country, nor should it discontinue any
service then existing; but it should go on still in-
creasing the service, notwithstanding the passage
pf that act, and the reduction of the income.
Then the Department was thrown off without
limitation, and from that day to this, there has
been no limit on the Department, and the head of
the Department may increase all the service, may
double all the service, and put daily sei-vice on
every route which Congress declares to be a post
route throughout the United States, and involve
this Government in not merely five or six million
but twenty or thirty million a year, if he pleases.
That has been the condition of the Post Office De-
partment from 1851 to this day. That is its con-
dition now. Gentlemen may see their way through
this; but whether this Government is to have any
limitation to the expense of that Department, or
any tether of any kind on it, each gentleman must
decide for himself.
Mr. DAVIS. I am very glad that I have caused
the Senator from Vermont to state his opinions
so distinctly. They agree entirely with my own.
I wish to see the Postmaster General reduced to
the necessity of considering the revenue of the
Department. I wish to leave him with a larger
discretion than belongs to that condition that
Congress prescribes—saying, here is a post road,
and then ordering the Postmaster General to per-
form the service; and. leaving him without any
reflection as to the means to come at the. end of
the year, to report how much money is required,
and to ask Congress to appropriate it, gathering
as it rolls, increasing in the absence of any re-
sponsibility, and prompted by the desire of every
member to increase the facilities for his own co'n-
stituents. The evil is one which might have been
anticipated; which now is cleaily seen. The
sooner, then, we apply a reform to this, the soonei
we may hope to make that Department self-sus-
taining. If the rate of postage is found to be too
low, the Postmaster General, when he depends
on his revenue, will have every consideration to
perceive it promptly, and to call on Congress to
apply the remedy. Now he has none.
It has led to another abuse. Prom that time
down to this, the accumulated amount of annual
expenditure has been noted as an evidence of in-
creased corruption by those who ignorantly sup-
posed there had been no change in the law. It
was not peculiar to that D ;partment, but entered
also into that of the Treasury, where appropria-
tions had to be made to cover all the expenses
connected with customs and custom-houses; and
those sums have served to increase, or are con-
stantly presented as increasing, the amount re-
quired for the support of the Government. We
are, I say, no%v taking a step backward; or rather,
we are turning round to the position we formerly
occupied. This is a first and important step to-
wards making the Departments self-sustaining, f t
is also a' step in the direction of equity. There
is no justice in allowing a member of Congress
to select his correspondents, and to send them,
through the mail, whatever he chooses of books,
of letters, of seeds, of cuttings, and to charge the
whole body-politic with the expense entailed by
the favors thus conferred on a few. A just Gov-
ernment is that which imposes its burdens most
nearly in proportion to the benefits which indi-
viduals receive. This is a departure from the rule.
It is wrong in principle, and I would vote for the
reform, if it were for the principle only, and did
not carry with it the correction of vast abuses
which, though remotely, are connected vyth and
so dependent on this, that if this be taken away,
the others will cease. For that reason, f shall
vote for the amendment of the Senator from Geor-
] gia; vote for it in this bill, for the reason which
j he gives, that it is most sure to attain its passage;
' and then, I will rely on the Congress to make all
• the other legislation conform to this change.
Mr. COLLAMER. I want topresent an amend-
ment; not that I say that I will vote for the whole
amendment, if this were adopted, but I present
this as an amendment to the amendment of the
committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright
in the chair.) There is an amendment to that
amendment now pending.
Mr. COLLAMER. I thought the Senator
from Georgia proposed an amendment.
Mr. TOOMBS. No; this is an amendment
from the Committee on Finance. I am defending
that.
Mr. COLLAMER. I propose an amendment
to that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Illinois has offered an amendment to the
amendment, to strike out the proviso. Theamend-
ment of the Senator from Vermont, however, will
be read for the information of the. Senate.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Insert after the word "next'' "and that the permanent
annual appiopriations made to the Post Office Department
by the acts of March 3, 1847, and March 3,1851, tie, and
the miiu' are hereby, repealedso that it will read:
That the laws authouzing the franking privilege be, and
the same are hereby, repealed, from and after the 1st day
of May next; aiul that*the permanent annual appropria-
tions made to the IVi-t Office Depaitment by the acts of
Match 3, 1847, and Alajeh 3,1851, be, and the same are
hereby, lepealed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In moving to strike out
the proviso, my object was to get rid of the whole
franking system, and to prevent abuses from being
continued under it. I am answered by Senators
! who say that, when they are written to on busi-
ness and required to respond, it is not proper that
they should be charged with the payment of post-
age. The reply to that is very simple: how easy
it is to inclose a postage stamp. That is done
now every day; and every gentleman who writes
to another upon his own business, and expects
from him an answer, will always inclose a post-
age stamp. The amount of postage which they
would have to pay upon letters written to gentle-
men who address them upon their own business,
would be a very small matter to members of the
Senate.
But, sir, there is an objection to this proviso;
and I wish the attention of the Senator from Geor-
gia, whose voice is always raised against abuses,
to it for a moment. What is to prevent those
persons who now so construe the franking privi-
lege that they allow clerks to write their names
for them, sending out under their frank all sorts
of matter to the remote post offices of the coun-
try, and when it arrives there, if itis printed mat-
ter, how are you going to tell whether the postage
is collected on it, or not ? Is it not known to the Sen-
ator from Georgia that thousands of newspapers
pass through the mails now of which no notice is
taken in many of the post offices ? But here is the
objection: what are you going to do with the mail
mdttei ? I put this case: suppose a member,hav-
ing this right to fiank, franks a thousand docu-
ments to a postmaster living a thousand miles from
here. When they arrive at that post office, what
is the postmaster to do with them ? He is not to
return them here to the. dead letter office. What
will he do with them? He will distribute them;
and that is exactly what the member who franked
them wanted to have done with them. Suppose
I choose to do up a hundred speeches here, and
send them to the postmaster of my town, franked
under this proviso. When they arrive there, what
is he to do with them? Suppose they are ad-
dressed to particular individuals, and those indi-
viduals do not choose to pay postage and take
them out; the postmaster, then, if he be my friend,
will sell them, perhaps, in the street, or throw
them away as waste paper. What is to be done
with them ? There is no provision for returning
printed matter of that kind to the dead letter
office.
It is because of the abuse of the present system
that I am in favor of abolishing the frankiugpm-
llege. I believe that it is useful. I am ni fa\ or of
disseminating information among the people of
this country, and I think the franking privi'effe,
properly cxercised and notabused, ttotildbe riirht
enough; but because I see it subjected to gross
abuse, I am for abolishing it entirely; and when
we abolish it, I do not wish to leave tin- remains
here by which persons now exercising the frank-
ing privilege can continue to exercise it: and by
