2660
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
What is the object of the petition? It is to run j
back a little further. The grant of the first forty
arpents back from the river did not take the
grantee,as he said, to the timber which would be
useful and necessary for the use of the plantation.
He wants to ran, then, a little way further back
to*get to the cypress swamp. It does not appear,
that I know, of—very certainly, from the facts of
this case—^whether forty arpents more of a back
concession would take him there or not; but cer-
tainly the negative is not shown. This is the
object for which the second grant is prayed for;
it is the purpose for which it is made—incidental
altogether to the original gfant; and when it is
said that he should have the land back of the first
grant, it would imply, according to the construc-
tion which the committee were inclined to put on
it, that he was to have the forty arpents back,
provided the land to that extent was vacant.
Now, the question is, which of these two con-
structions is the most reasonable one? What
was the grant? Did the Spanish Government
intend to grant this survey without a limit back-
ward? If the gentlemen do not take these limit-
ations, what other limitation will they have to
close their survey in the rear? If you discard
the position of the cypress swamp; if you disre-
gard the implied rule, which I give you, of making
the second grant conform to the original, then
you have no limit backward, unless you go to
the uttermost verge of the Spanish possessions?.
It is not said that you are to run back to Jake or
river; nor is there any custom or law that you
shall run back to lake or river. There is no cus-
tom or law that ever I heard of to that cffcct.
The grantor is to grant something specific; he is
to have something specific in his mind. If he
knows of the river which is to bound the grant, he
should call for it, and would do so. lshe, m mak-
ing a grant in a terra incognita, with its streams
unknown to the grantor, to be supposed to act so
incautiously, so arbitrarily, so foolishly, and so
absurdly, as to make a private grant to an indi-
vidual of lands extending how far he does not
know, and diverging at every step they run—
every chain's length diverging and including more
and more land ?
Under this grant of two tracts of ninety-six
arpents long and forty arpents back, including,
even with this extension, not more, I suppose,
than about ten thousand acres of land, they have
run these lines indefinitely; one of them to the
border and utter boundary of the Spanish domin-
ions in that quarter of the country, one to lake
Maurepas, and the other to the bayou Manchac;
and these lines, closed from these points, contain,
it is said, one hundred and eighty-odd thousand
acres of land. Can it be supposed that was the
intention of the grantor?
But we did not intend to decide that question;
nor do I make an argument now for the purpose
of convincing anybody that the construction of
the claimants may not be right. To be sure, I
do not think they are right; to be sure, it is not
very clear,I think, in point of law, that they are
right; but what, then, is to be done? I do not
want the Congress of the United States to under-
take to exercise a judicial power in deciding on
the rights of individuals. I hold these granted
rights as sacred to the utmost extent they can
fairly go; and the judiciary is the proper tribunal
to decide. By the act of 1858, we undertook to
decide it, and to decide it in favor of these claim-
ants, and against a whole .settlement of people,
who, under the impression that the grant did not
extend over them, have settled on these one hun-
dred and eighty thousand acrcs of land, not within
the limits of the original grant, nor yet within the
limits of the back concession, if that be limited to
forty arpents, but beyond that they have settled, j
and beyond that they are now living—some of j
them men of substance, with large farms, as I
am informed, and sugar estates—men that were
born there, and, as tne committee have been in-
formed and given to understand, have ever since
been living there. You, by the act of 1858, un-
dertook judicially to decide on not only the valid-
ity of the grant for the first and second concessions,
but upon theextent of these claims. You under-
took by that act to decide that the one hundred
and eighty thousand acres of land are fairly in-
cluded; and that the lines of the second survey,
one of which was run to lake Maurepas, and the
other to the bayou Manchac, are rightly and
properly run according to the interpretation of
the grantee. It is doubtful, I think, to say the
least of it, whether this is the coriectconstruction.
We did not want to decide that question. We
therefore thought Congress ought to refer it to
the judiciary; and this bill, which proposes the
i*epeal of the act of 1858, does refer it. Let them
decide upon the construction of the grant; and to
their decision the claimants are entitled. This at
least is my view.
The whole question, then, is one not as to the
validity of the grants, but as to the extent to
which these grants, admitted to be valid, shall be
allowed to include the public domain—as I see
it estimated, about three hundred square miles of
land.
I cannot help thinking that it will be regarded
as quite reasonable on the part of the committee
to recommend this reference to the judiciary, and
not undertake to decide arbitrarily that all but two
thousand acrcs of this laud, properly included
within the two surveys, belongs to us. We do
not want to give away the public land; much less
do we desire to takeaway any man's land. There
is an impartial umpire—the judiciary. We think
it would be better to repeal the act of 1858, which
undertakes to decide the case, and to decide it in
favor of the claimants, and against men who have
had life-long settlements on this land; and we
think it is fair between theso parties, all of whom
are claimants to the land, to have this matter fairly
set before a court of jusucc. The claimants say
their claim is a lawful one under the Spanish Gov-
ernment, and under this Government. Suppose
it is. When your patent is wholly^incertain as
to its boundary, if you cannot find some corner
trees, you do not go to your State Legislature to
ask them to look into the question, and give a new
patent fixing the boundary by now landmarks.
.Nobody ever heard of such a thing. The pai ties
claimant have to cairy the documents before a
court of justice, and by their determination a mat-
ter of controversy as to boundary between neigh-
bors is decided. That is the principle on which
the committee, have acted in proposing to repeal
the act of 1858, and refer this question of bound-
ary, for it is no more, to the decision of the courts
of justice.
In the course of the discussion complaint has
been made of the Government of the United States
in regard to the history of this ea.se. We have
been told that the United States have done this
and that great injustice to these claimants. I do
not see that there is the least particle of ground
for any complaint of that sort. These parties
have the legal title upon which they can sustain
a judgment, if their title be such as they consider
it. if their title have the boundaries, and have
the extent that they ascribe to it, there is no reason
why they might not have brought suit at any time
since the cession of Louisiana to the United States.
They have brought no suit that we know of; they
have not attempted to come in litigation or com-
petition with the title of any man living on the
land. Now, if you were to grant them by act of
Congress a title, undertaking to decide a question
which you are not very competent to decide,
which another department has been created to
decide—the exposition of the boundaries of a land
grant which ought to be fixed by the judgment of
the courts; if you undertake to supersede that au-
thority, and interpose your own judgment, and
to grant another patent, what is the effect of that
other patent, or of a confirmation,'if gentlemen
are correct in saying that that is equal to a new
grant? The man who has had possession ever
since the Territory was ceded to theUnited States
cannot plead that possession against the patentof
the Government of the United States. No pos-
ssssionantecedeiu to the patentcanbe relied upon;
and why? The Government is not barred by
lapse of time; and if the Government, to-day,
grants me her title, she grants it free from all in-
cumbrance of an antecedent possession, which
would not have affected her. That is the estab-
lished docliine in the Supreme Court of the United
States; it is the established doctrine in my own
State, and in every State whose laws I know of.
There would, then, be that great difference made
by granting a patent now on our own judgment
as to boundaries, in which we may be wrong. It
may be right; but we are not the tribunal to de-
termine unchangeably, to determine judicially,
what is the proper boundary. We ought not,
then, to act on it. That is the whole basis on
which the committee recommcnd this bill. '
But it is objected that we cannot touch the le-
gislation of 1858; that we cannot correct it be-
cause it granted and vested a title in the claimants
which we cannot disturb; and a confirmation, it is
said, is equal to a grant. These general propo-
sitions sound very forcibly, and I admit that, m a
case to which these arguments applied, they would
be such. Where the United States, by act of Con-
gress, or by a patent, have granted to a party a
specific piece of land, the general law prohibits
them from repealing or retracting that grant; but
tell me where the provision of the Constitution is
that prohibits such a thing. The Constitution of
the United States inhibits any State from passing
a law impairing the obligation of a contract. That
is an inability imposed by the Constitution of the
United State* upon the States. No such inhibi-
tion is placed upon this Government. It i:-:, I
acknowledge though, a great principle that a
Government ought not to' have it in its posver to
deprive a man of his property, stated in that plain,
clear, way; and the Government, which is in the
habit of exercising such a power, must be an ar-
bitrary and adespoticone; butis this taking away
any man's property? Docs this come withiu the
sense and within the principle that I have laid
down? Here is an act of Congress, among others
which we pass, that was passed in a moment of
inattention and negligence, when you say you did
not know what it contained. For myself, 1 must
go further, and say that I do not know whether
[ was in the Senate when it passed. I have no
recollection, pro or con,, on the subject. You find,
upon examination, that you were mistaken, so to
speak, in passing that law; you were in error as
to its operation and effect; you turn around in-
stantly and try to retrieve an unadvised patent
which you had ordered to be issued, an unadvised
grant which you had made by law. You turn
around, as soon as apprised of it, to correct your
error, not to take from a man hisj property, but to
refer it to a court of justice to decide what was
his property. Is that adopting the principle of a
Governmenthaving power to take away the prop-
erty of a citizen at its despotic will? Is endeav-
oring to correct your mistake, that has done or
may do justice to others, and repealing a law
which had made an unjust grant to others, and
correcting your own error and mistake—is that the
despotic principle talked about? In terms, and
in language, and in forms of logic, it may have
some plausible apparent application; but when
you look at the thing, it is a different case. Be-
tween man and man you annul a deed that you
did not know was read improperly, or which you
did not hear read at all; which you did not know
the meaning of; as to which, for the time, you
were blind. The court of justice that sets aside
that deed is not a power that can despotically
destroy the muniments of title and throw the prop-
erty of the country into confusion. It is an equi-
table power.
But this is not the only answer, nor the satis-
factory answer. I do not like to trouble the Sen-
ate by reading anything; but look at the third sec-
tion of the act of 1838, which has reference to this
matter; observe, how it begins:
"That the locations authonzed by the preceding section
of this act shall be entered with tlie legiater of tne proper
land office, who {-hall, on application loi that puipobe,
make out loi s>uch claimant,or his legal representatives, as
the case may be, a certificate of location."
Mind, the locations authorized by the preced-
ing section—that is, the second section of the act.
This third section authorizes the location of these
very lands which are ultimately to become the
property of the claimant. Where are thny to be
located ? Read the whole section—anywhere;
there, or elsewhere. I desire to have the whole
section read; and I shall be very much obliged to
my friend from Vermont if he will read the whole
of the third section.
Mr. FOOT read, as follows:
"Skc. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the location# au-
thonzed t>y the preceding section shall he entered with the
ipgister oi the propei land otiioc,who shalJ, on application
lor that pmpose, mane out lor such claimant, or his legal
representative*, (as the case may be,) a certificate of loca-
tion, which shall be tian^mittcd to the Commissioner of
the freneral Land Office; and if it shall appear to the sat-
isfaction of the faid Comim.ssuoner that said ccitiiieate lias
been lanly obtained, aceonhug to the true intent and mean-
ing of tin.-* act, then, and m that ca->e, patents *haU bu is-
sued for the iand so located a4? in other cases; and for each
and every certificate as aforesaid, issued by the register of
