1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
anv laud office, it': .-tit!! receive t!t" sum <■/' one dollar: that
mail ca-c~oi count.nation hy fin- net, oruiiore any pn\ate
laud claim ha> bowi confirmed by s-:- . and the -aim:,
in whole or in parr, has not been located or -.r,i- :]<■<}. ciihei
for want of a specific location prior to Mich continuation, or
for any reason whatsoever, other than a discovervof fraud
in sueli claim f ubsequcut to Hicli confirmation, it iiiail be
tlie duty of the surveyor (rcneial of the district in which
such claim wassituated, u|)on satisfactory proof that such
claim lia-5 been so confirmed, and that the same in whole
orm part iciriaiu* un-ati-fied, to i.-sue to the claimant, or
his legal representatives, a certificate of location for a quan-
tity of laud equal to that so cotifiirued and unsatisfied;
Wlhcll eeitificate tna> be located upon any of the public
lands of the United .States subject-, to sale at private entry
at a price not exceedmc; £'1 2.) per acre: Provided, Tirat
such location i-hali conform to legal divisions and subdi-
visions."
Mr. CRITTENDEN. There it is. It lias ref-
erence to the second section, which is now pro-
posed to be repealed. Under that law what was
done? There is the law, which the gentlemen
say grants them a specific, indefeasible title. 1 he
very land is not yet located; they do not know it
themselves; the Government does not know it;
nobody knows it; and yet it is said to be a spe-
cific grant. No, sir. It is nothing more nor less
than a regulation of your own laws and systems
in regard to land titles. It directs your register
what he is to do in a certain state of the case; it
directs your surveyor general what he is to do;
and after all these have performed their functions,
and after the claimants have made selections
throughout this wide domain, then a patent is to
issue.
Can this be language of confirmation? Can
this law be said to confirm this title ? What is the
law? Where the land is not specifically granted,
the parties may take it elsewhere. If these lands,
notwithstanding the want of a back line, can be
said to be a specific grant, avoiding all contro-
versy, all litigation, go to the register for the
whole quantity, make locations of it, and obtain
patents.
My object is now to show that this act does
not grant or vest any particular piece of land
whatever in any of these claimants. It gives
them rights; gives them a choice. The third sec-
tion makes such conditions that the party is to
go and locate the whole of this land, either there
or elsewhere, at his pleasure. It refers to the
locations authorized by the preceding section of
the act. I might read that to show you that there
is nothing in the second section of the act but a
simple confirmation of some claims that arc al-
luded to.
Why cannot the claimants of this Houmas
grant go to the register anywhere and make the
location authorized by the second section of the
act r What location is it that is authorized by
the second section ? A party goes, with a loca-
tion drawn out, and says to the register, " here
is my location, put it upon your books." It lias
to depend, then, at least, on the judgment of the
resist.>r whether he will or not. I do not know
whether he. would have the power of rejecting it,
under that statute. He shall do it, it is said.
Who is to make outthelocation? Not the regis-
ter, but the party claiming is to make his own
choice and his own location. What then? That
location being made, he is to getfrom the register
a certificate; he is to present that certificate to
the surveyor general; and the surveyor general
is to recognize his claim, and he is to have a
patent. That is the substance of it. What sort
of a certificate is he to got from the register' He
is to get the register to certify that the certificate
has been fairly obtained. That is all. You have
not vested any power in the register, nor have
you made or prescribed any rule to him by which
lie is to exercise a judgment as to the propriety
of allowing any location at all; but it you can
get this register to admit your location, and get
from him a certificate in winch he will certify that
he has acted fairly in giving that certificate, then
the whole woik is clone; the claim is consum-
mated, as to its locality; and the surveyor gen-
eral, unless he knows of some fraud that has
been practiced to obtain it, some improper means
used to influence the man who gave the certificate—
the register—is bound to regard it as authentic,
and the claim is to be held valid.
Now, sir, I am sure that Congress would not
be willing to establish tins as a system in the dis-
position of its lands. We propose, then, to re-
peal to much of this law as refers to the second
section—that is the proposition—and simply to
restore all these parties, the claimants and the
settlers, to the exact position in which they stood
111 relation to each other before the passage of the
act of 1858; to do no harm to any one; not to
assume upon ourselves to judge of this title. We
arc called upon here, as a committee, to give the
reasons why we have recommended the course
we have done: and it is in vindicating the propri-
ety of the report alone that we have been com-
pelled to enter into these arguments. We do not
propose this because we desire to have the slight-
est influence whatever on any judicial decision,
much less to decide the matter ourselves. We
have shrunk back from that, not being so com-
petent as another tribunal which the Government
has furnished. Therefore we propose to repeal
a law by which we have undertaken to decide a
controverted matter—for the controversy between
the United States and these settlers and the Hou-
mas claimants has lasted for pretty nearly half a
century—-a notorious controversy; the Govern-
ment rejecting and refusing to recognize and sanc-
tion this claim, to which the claimants thought
themselves, I have no doubt, honestly entitled.
I take it for granted that their pretensions are
founded in good faith. They think that, on a
fair construction and on fair evidence, they are
entitled to what they claim. Instead of deciding
it by legislation, we prefer to refer it to the courts.
That is all.
Now, sir, another word as to the constitution-
ality of our divesting a party of a granted and
vested right, which is the argument of my friend
from Delaware. I have shown you, I think, that
the second mid third sections of this act, taken
together, present a very different, case from that
of a granted and vested right. The case to which
the gentleman alluded, ami which was read in the
Senate to-day, was a late decision,at the last term,
by the Supreme Court of the United States, with
regard to a charter establishing a railroad com-
pany. In that charter the company was author-
ized' to receive subscriptions of counties that
might be willing to subscribe in aid of the woik.
It was provided by law that the counties should
bcauthorized to subscribe; that ail election should
be held in each county to determine the amount
to be subscribed, and whether they would sub-
scribe at all. The election was held under that
law, and the people in one particular county de-
cided to subscribe. After the county had voted
to subscribe; after all had been done that the Le-
gislature required; and after the obligation was
perfect upon the commissioners to subscribe, arid
the company could have enforced that subscrip-
tion by mandamus, the constitution ot the State
interfered. The county voting the sum to be sub-
scribed, and voting their willingness to be taxed
for it, made it the duty of the commissioners to
subscribe; but they failed to do it. In the mean
time, after the election; after the obligation had
become perfect on the commissioners to subscribe,
but bcfoie tlicy had actually done the act, a new
constitution was made inhibiting all such sub-
scriptions, and providing that counties should not
subscribe on credit to such works. The question
came before the Supreme Court; and what was
their action ? They said, we regret to decide as
we shall have to do; the parties have acted upon
the faith of the subscription; the bonds have act-
ually been given; the subscription was made;
but through carelessness, the transaction, as the
couit said, was not consummated before the in-
hibition; and therefore the court held that the
subscription was void, the bonds were of no ob-
ligation; and that because the last act necessary
to the consummation was not done. Where is
the last act done under this third section neces-
sary to the consummation of the title of tho par-
tics here? Tho locations are yet to be made—if
not as to the whole, it answers the purpose of my
argument just as well if it applies to any part—
the very locations arc not made upon which the
patents are to be issued. The transaction is not
consummated. There is no right in any piece of
land. It is just like a land warrant issued bythe
State of Virginia, or the Government of the Uni-
ted States, which may be located anywhere at
the instance of the holueis. Suppose a State, or
the United States, issues a land warrant giving
the holder a right to locate it where he pleases:
would it be infringing on the rights of the holder
if the State were to change its whole system, and
say to him: "You shail not locate where you
! please; we will scctionize all the lands in the
State, and then you must take the land according
to its subdivisions?" Would that be divesting
the man of anythipg? Ave they, by. granting
such a right as that to an individual, inhibited
from all the great and salutary powers of legisla-
tion in relation to the subject? This would be a
most curious and fatal sort of extension of the
doctrine of the inviolability of contracts and the
inviolability of rights. Ill the broad sense of the
term, everything may be said to be a contract;
Government maybe said to bea contract; the re-
lations of citizens to the Government may be said
to be a contract. So the Supreme Court say in
its broad sense; but it is not in that sense that the
word is used when Governments are inhibited
from impairing or taking away vested rights.
That must bo- understood in a much more re-
stricted sense; in a sense so restricted as to leave
Governments at full liberty to change their system
I as their general policy may direct; and to that
| general policy the rights of all peisons must con-
form.
But now, sir, one word more, and I shall say-
nothing further on the question of constitutional-
ity. The committee saw that there might be some
fair and honest difference of opinion on this point.
If we had b&en convinced that the proposed ac-
tion was unconstitutional, of course, we should
not have reported the bill. We were not con-
vinced of that. We did not intend to deprive the
claimants of any right. If the repeal of this law
be unconstitutional, be forbidden by,any policy
or any principle of the Constitution, the Supreme
Court of the United States will give the claimants
the benefit of that nullity of our act repealing the
law of 1858. I differ in opinion about the consti-
tutionality of it. My honorable friend from Del-
aware—a high authority with me, particularly on
questions of law and of Constitution generally; a
most respectable and respected authority—differs
with mo as to the constitutionality of the proposed
action. What ought we to do in this state of
things ? If there is a fair ground for difference of
opinion, let this question go with all these others,
as it will nccessanly, to the court to whom we
would icfer these claimants for an exposition and
settlement of their rights. They will have the
benefit of it there, and we are relieved from the
disagreeable apprehension that we ourselves, by
deciding this question,have done an irretrievable
injury to the claimants. They may bring up this
question of constitutionality before the court and
have the benefit of it there.
Where was this question of constitutionality
when we voted upon the joint resolution suspend-
ing the operation of this law? Is that resolution
unconstitutional? I do not remember whether I
voted for it or against it; my memory is entirely
at a loss about it; but how can tho gentlemen who
voted for it stand up here and say that this bill is
unconstitutional? You have no more right to
suspend a private right granted fairly by legisla-
tion than you have to repeal it and annul it alto-
gether. If you can suspend it for an hour, you
can for a day. If you can suspend it for a day,
you may for a year, or for a hundred years; or
you may annul it utterly and entirely for the
same reason; and no reason can bo given, no con-
stitutional provision can be shown, to demon-
strate that we have not a right to repeal that law,
which does not equally prove that we have not a
right to suspend it. We have once voted that it
was constitutional to suspend.it. Now, when the
thing is done, we are to determine upon the idea
that we cannot repeal it. I call for the difference
in point of argument, or law, or constitution,
which shall show the right to do the one and not
to do the other. That which is yours, I have
no more right to takeaway from you for one hour
than I have to take it away for life; and I as
much commit a trespass by taking it for an hour
as for a year; and I say no argument can be made
to show that such a resolution suspending the
right was constitutional, and that this repealing
law would be unconstitutional.
Mr. President, I have lived far away from these
lands and from this scene of controversy. I feel
no interest about it in any way. My sole object is
to desire to see fair and equal justice done to all.
I believe it was in that feeling and in that motive
that this committee acted uiroughout in this mat-
ter. I should have been very glad it it had been
in our power to gratify all the parties and satisfy
