I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
275
36th Conu....1st Sess.
Slavery Question—Mr. Smith.
Ho. op Reps.
is levied upon them. The people know that they
Eay the taxes which go into the public Treasury;
ut how, when, and on what articles, few ever
inquire. Even when duties are the highest "an
invisible tax-gatherer" collects the taxes, and it
is only by degrees they are made aware of its
blighting effects. If, instead of this indirect mode,*
the common tax-gatherer should go and demand
of every man, for each hundred dollars'worth of
cotton or woolen goods, sugar, salt, or iron, he
may have bought, twenty-four dollars, to be
handed over as a bounty to the manufacturers,
what would be thought of such a demand ? And
yet this is the amount of tribute now levied on the
consumers for that favored class, and still they
clamor for more.
The people whom I have the honor to repre-
sent do not object to bear their full share of the
taxation necessary to support this Government.
"With few exceptions, they prefer the present mode
of raising revenue to direct taxation. They arc
also willing for the manufacturers to derive all
the benefits which may accrue to them from the
incidental protection afforded under a revenue
tariff; but they are not content to be taxed beyond
what the wants of the Government may require,
nievely for the protection of the ironmongery and
manufacturers of the North; nor for the support
of the thousand and one cormorants who feed and
fatten on the public spoils; nor are they willing to
contiibute, of tli^ir hard earnings, the means to
build marble pnl.ic.es for custom-houses, court-
houses, post offices, and light-houses, where none
are needed; nor to pay New England seamen for
catching codfish; nor for the support of a large
standing Army in time of peace, when every sol-
dier costs the Governmentovoi* one thousand dol-
lars; nor to pay millions for printing and publish-
ing costly books which few can get and none ever
read.
The honorable gentleman says, (quoting the
lcmark of Lord Londonderry, an English noble-
man,) the South has always " exhibited an igno-
rant impatience of taxation." The taxing power
has always been viewed with jealousy by every
free people. It was one of the principles we de-
rived from the mother country along with Magna
Charta,that taxation without consent was tyran-
ny. This was one of the complaints set out in the
Declaration of Independence: " lie has imposed
heavy taxes upon us without our consent." Since
the foundation of this Government the taxes have
always been most unequally imposed. While one
section has contributed much the largest shore of
revenue, it has received back but little m the way
of appropriations; while it has been a heavy bur-
den to the one, it has been a bounty to the other.
Under the high protective tariff laws of 1816,
I8i24, 1828, and 18-12, the South was borne down
by most onerous taxation. No free people of
the same intelligence «md spirit ever submitted
to such unjust and oppressive legislation. Had
the same been imposed by a monate.h, he would
have shared the fate of Charles I., of England:
tf the block would have drunk his goic and iiis
head have soddened in the sun."
Bat it seems that the doctrines of passive obe-
dience and unconditional submission, winch never
have found any foothold in old England since the
days of the Stuarts, have been inculcated and me
now flourishing here in full v 11401. Even to speak
of causes which would justify resistance to thin
Government is regarded by some as little better
than treason. The past forbearance of the South
encourages a continuance of the same system of
iniquitous legislation. Go on, then, gentlemen;
pass this odious protective tanlf bill; legalize the
robbery of the South. We are 111 a small minor-
ity here, and therefore powerless to protect our
constituents. What they may do hereafter 1 know
not. A long series of insults and injuries have
been borne by them. The compact has again and
again he^n broken,and still love of the Union has
caused them to submit. Heavy burdens, as I said,
have been imposed upon them against their con-
sent and despite then* remonstrances: and still the
old revolutionary fire has shown no spark, no signs
of vitality. I sometimes almost fear that it has
gone out forever. God grant that it may not be
so; and that the example of Hampden, in resist-
ing the illegal tax on ship money, and of our
fathers in resisting the illegal though trifling tax of
threepence per pound on tea, and of all those who
have periled life and fortune in the cause of lib-
erty and independence, may not be lost upon the
South; but that every son of hers may so act in
the future as to prove to the world that they
" know their rights, and knowing, dare maintain
them."
SLAVERY QUESTION.
SPEECH OF HON. W. N. H. SMITH,
OF NORTH CAROLINA,
In the House of Representatives,
May 2, 1860.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. SMITH, of North Carolina, said:
Mr. Chairman: In the year 1850 we had gath-
ering over our heads a storm not less pot teutons
than that which now threatens the peace of this
country. When Millard Fillmore, who had not
the confidencc of a considerablenumberof the ex-
treme southern States,enteied upon the pi eviden-
tial office, he encountered obstacles of no ordinary
difficwlty to overcome. By the aid of patriotic
men of all sections of the country, and of all po-
litical parties, the pending troublesome questions
were arranged. California came into the Union.
The slave traffic in this District of Columbia was
prohibited. The controversy with Texas was
adjusted, and Utah and New Mexico organized
upon plans which promised to secure the perma-
nent peace and repose of the country upon ques-
tions of a sectional nature. Although the vote
upon these various propositions indicated no entire
concurrence with regard to them all, yet, as a se-
ries of measures constituting a compromise, this
country, from one end of it to the other, accepted
them, and both political parties which met next
after their adoption—that noble party, sir, with
which I have always claimed the honor to belong,
and the Democratic party—declared, in the most
solemn form to the country, thcirpurposc to abide
by the measures which constitute the legislation
of 1850. More than that. He whoso name is
never mentioned without awakening; recollections
of a patriotism worthy the better days of the Re-
public, Henry Clay, and other brave men, signed a
solemn proclamation to the country, in which they
made known their unalterable purpose to sustain
for no legislative office, State or Federal, any man
who was disposed to disturb and uproot the com-
promise which had been made, and upon which
depended the public repose.
Millard Fillmore's administration was the only
Whig Administration that this country has seen;
and when ho retired from the public sei vice he
carried with him the meed of his country's ap-
proval: " Well done, good and faithful sei vant."
Hix administration had been firm, yet moderate;
and when his sun set, it set full-orbed, as it was
m its meridian splendor, without a spot upon its
disk or any diminution of its brightness.
Another party succeeded to the possession of
power. Two terms have passed, and we have
reached a period in our pi ogress in which we
have the same portentous future before us that
was before the minds of the statesmen of 1850.
We now have a deep-seated excitement and a
wide-spread agitation that, perhaps, we may in
vain look in the past history of this country for
their parallel. We have heard uttered here upon
the floor of this House language of crimination
and recrimination which has pained the heart of
one entering this House for the first time. I have
listened with deep regret to the expiessions of
menace and defiance uttered by both of the cx-
ttenie parties. It but indicates the depth and
extent of that agitation which now rocks this very
Union to its center. Sir, well may the heart of
the patriot quail when he thinks that now these
groat men of the past, of whom Massachusetts
claims the one and Kentucky the other, and the
nation both, are not living to bring to this discus-
sion their pacific counsels and their healing moas-
ui es.
Mr. Chairman, we must look at the facts as
they are. Instead of the language of violence and
menace, which has been too often indulged in
upon tins floor, we ought, and do, according to
the theory of our Government, meet here for the
purpose of friendly consultation, and with the
view of striking out some measures of public pol-
icy that shall redound to the honor, the "well-be-
ing;, and the prosperity of this great country,
which wc all proudly claim to be our home. Now,
what are the existing subjects of controversy?
Gentlemen on my right charge that the South has
been the aggressive party almost from the very or-
igin of our government down to this hour; and one
gentleman has even brought forward, in the form
of a specific- accusation, a series of charges, in
which we are made to do violence and wrong-to
the section of the country which he represents.
Why is it that wc have no peace ? Why is it that
these disturbing elements ar6 still in our midst?
In 1820 wo had the beginning of this sectional
strife, which is now upon us in its intensity.
But, Mr. Chairman, I prefer to go back, for one
ortwo moments, to the origin of our Government,
to its earliest history, to repel a charge which has
been heralded from one end of this land to the
other, that the spirit of the Constitution under
winch we lho is hostile to the existence of do-
mestic slavery, and will ultimately subvert and
destroy it. It is true, as gentlemen have repeat-
edly stated in this discussion, that Virginia ceded
a magnificent empire on the northwest of the
Ohio with a knowledge that Congress had passed
an ordinance forever excluding slavery from any
portion of it. But, in this connection, itmustnot
be forgotten that Virginia, also, by an act passed
in December, 1789, consented to the formation of
the State of Kentucky within her limits, and Ken-
tucky, as a slavcholding State, was admitted into
the Union in June, 1792.
North Carolina, by deed in February, 1790, ex-
ecuted under an net of her General Assembly of
December preceding, ceded to the Federal Gov-
ernment that rich territory now represented by
the ten membeis from Tennessee; and in securing
the benefits of the ordinance of 1787, m the fourth
section of the act, expressly provides, ''that no
regulations made, or to be made by Congress,
shall tend to emancipate slaves."
And Georgia, which in 1802 ceded all her ter-
ritory west to the Mississippi river, required of
Congress, in the treaty which she and the Federal
commissioners entered into for its transfer, that
the provisions of the same ordinance, in all its
parts, should be extended to the ceded territory,
" that article only excepted which forbids sla-
very. "
Now, do not these facts show that, in the early
history of our Government, and when its bound-
aries were expanding, it was no well-founded
objection to the acquisition of territory, and the
formation of future States therefrom to be brought
into the Union, slavery would be permanently
established there? And although it was excluded
from the whole Northwest, it is planted inerad-
icaUy upon the soil of that entire region which
stretches westward from the Atlantic slaveholding
States towards the Mississippi.
When the nation has accepted these cessions,
and upon these terms, why is it that at this late
clay gentlemen urge, whatever may have been
the individual opinions of the statesmen of the
age to which 1 have referred, that the policy of
the Government at that time was hostile to the
existence of slavery, and intended, so far as its
powers could be exercised, to prohibit it and
curtail its extension ?
Again, m 1803 we acquired that territory lying
west of the Mississippi liver, known as the Lou-
isiana purchase, and entered into a distinct and
solemn covenant with the first Napoleon that the
inhabitants of the ceded territory should be, as
soon as practicable, according to the principles of
the Federal Constitution, admitted into the Union,
s< with all the rights, advantages,and immunities
of citizens of the United States; and in the mean
time should be maintained and protected in the fret
enjoyment of their liberty, property, and the religion
which they profess."
And when huei in 1810, we obtained possession
of Florida from Spain, it was acquired as slave-
holding territory—held as such during its terri-
torial existence, and so ultimately was received
into the Union.
Do not these facts and this brief review show
that if the policy of the early fathers of this Ke-
/
V
