1860.
" THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
emi
the connivance of postmasters the very same
abuses will exist that now exist, or even without
the connivance of postmasters, for I do not know
what is to be done with the printed matter when
it arrives at its place of destination, and the par-
ties to whom it is directed refuse to take it out of
the post office. I take it for granted that it will
then get distributed, if the postmaster happens to
be the friend of the man who franked the docu-
ments; but if ho is his enemy, it will very likely
find its way into the fire. I do not want any sys-
tem to exist that can be abused in this way; and
I think, when we are abolishing the franking- priv-
ilege, we should wipe it out entirely, and leave
no remnant of abuse behind.
Mr. TOOMBS. Gentlemen have hunted very
hard to find excuses for not voting for this prop-
osition; and, to show the character of these ex-
cuses, I will take up the last one first. The Sen-
ator from Illinois says that if a thousand of his
speeches be sent to the postmaster of his town,
lie will take them and distribute .them. Not so,
because the postage is charged to him; they are
on the way-bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Printed matter is not on
the way-bill.
Mr. TOOMBS. Then, newspapers are in the jl
same condition. Every newspaper that is sent
' is exactly 111 the same condition in which printed
matter will be under this amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What becomes of the
printed matter that is not called for in all our post
offices? Is it not sold for wrapping-paper?
Mr. TOOMBS. It may be burnt up, perhaps;
but if you sent a letter to a person under our sys-
tem, before prepayment was required, if he did
not take it out, it was sent to the General Post
Office. If you send a newspaper now, it need not
be prepaid, but is sent to the office, where it ar- |
rives, and is to be paid for there. Suppose no- t
body pays for it there. 1
Mr. TRUMBULL. Whatbecomes of it then?
Mr. TOOMBS. It is destroyed, I suppose;
but if the postmaster uses it or sells it, he violates
his duty, and is liable to indictment. If you take i
away the franking privilege and send the matter-
through the mail, to be paid for at the office of
delivery, the postmaster has no right to touch it
for his own purposes, and if he does so, he vio-
lates his duty") and is subject to be indicted, and
may be put into the penitentiary for that as much
as for any other fraud on the Government.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think there is no penalty
prescribed for it. I am not aware what the prac-
tice is—probably the Senator from Vermont can
inform us—in regard to newspapers that are not
called for.
Mr. TOOMBS, lam taking the Senator 011 the
case he put, to show how he is hunting for ex-
cuses. He puts the case of his sending to a post-
master a thousand speeehes, on each of which
there is half a cent postage, and lie says that the
postmaster, if hi' is a friend of his, will use them,
or sell them. I say if he docs so, he commits a
fraud, and we have nothing but the penal laws to
look to for a remedy. I say this is an abuse we
cannot prevent. We suppose, of course, that men
do not commit high crimes and misdemeanors.
Surely members of Congress, it is to be piesuined,
will not send documents to a postmaster in the
way supposed by the Senator, for it would be ;
illegal. No member of Congress, if he was a gen-
tleman, would send them to the postmaster to he
used by him, without having the postage paid.
There must be some faith given to somebody; and 1
what is now proposed is only the system under ■
which our Government went 011 prosperously for
seventy years. Up to 1851, prepayment was not
required as to letters, or anything else; and up 1
to that period, the, receipts from postage were
$1,000,000 ahead of the postal disbursements of ;
the Government. At that period, when you at-
tempted to throw the Post Office Department upon ,
the Treasury, the deficiency commenced; but un- '
til 1851, when that system commenced, there was
actually a balance of §1,000,000 to the credit of
the Post Office Department in the Treasury of the
United States, and that arose under a system
which did not requiie prepayment. Now, printed
matter is sent all over the country eveiy day
without prepayment being required. If people do
not take it out of the office, the postmaster, per-
haps, may burn it up; but surely he would not
sell it, The law is, that if newspapers are not
taken out of the post office, the postmaster is to
send them back to the office of publication, orgive
notice to the publisher, and then they are stopped.
That is the law; it has been the law for fifty years.
They do not belong to the postmaster; he cannot
use them. His duty, as pointed out by the law,
is not to sell the matter which is not taken from
the post office; and if he docs so, it is a fraud.
The Senator from Vermont takes amostextraor-
dinary'ground; and the amendment he has sug-
gested is one of the strangest things I ever heard
from a gentleman of his experience. He says, if
you abolish the franking privilege you will need
other legislation, because there are some laws
under winch the Department annually receives
#700 ,000 for transporting the free matter. Sir, the
amendment of the Committee on Finance needs
110 sort of legislation now, or at any future time;
there is no other connected with it of any sort.
Why do you want to repeal the laws granting the
$700,000 appropriation> The only effect is to put
the deficiency at the other end. According to the
estimate of the late Postmaster General, now de-
ceased, there was $6,000,000 of deficiency for this
fiscal year, and that was to last only until the
meeting of Congress. When he made those esti-
mates he had the permanent appropriation of
§700,000; and counting that, there was a deficiency
of $6,000,000. Not counting it, the deficiency
would be $>6,700,000. Then you cut off at the head
to add to the tail; you cut off at one end of the
string to add to the other. If there is a deficiency
of $6,000,000, with a permanent appropriation of
$700,000, necessarily there will be a deficiency of
$6,700,000 without it; and the Senator from Ver-
mont says it is necessary to repeal the $700,000
appropriation in order to carry out this proposi-
tion. Why should we repeal it? Whether you
make that appropriation by a permanent law, or
by annual laws, makes 110 difference. The result
would be, that whatever deficiency existed would
be increased precisely by the $700,000—for the
deficiency was estimated 011 the basis that the De-
partment would have the$,700,000—so much from'
the postages, and so much from the permanent ap-
propriation. I say, therefore, the amendment of
the Senator from Vermont is wholly unnecessary,
and there is not the slightest reason for it. If you
repeal the laws to which lie refers, you will sim-
ply have to put $700,000 more on Mr. Holt's esti-
mates.
Mr. COLLAMER. The point between the
gentleman and myself is this: the $700,000 is ap-
propriated by law for the franked matter. Now,
suppose we do not have any franked matter: why
make the appropriation?
Mr. TOOMBS. The Department will need the
$700,000 anyhow, and if you repeal it, you will
have to add $700,000 more to the estimates; that
is all. As is propcily suggested by my friend
from Mississippi, [Mr. Davis,] the $700,000 can-
not be drawn until the revenue of the Department
proves deficient; but everybody knows that that
is now put down among the ordinary levenues:
and then, with all the accruing revenues of the
Department, there is yet $6,000,000 of deficiency;
and the repeal of the acts referred to by the Senator
from Vermont, will simply add $700,000 to that
deficiency. That is the long and the short of it.
Then, what is the use of such legislation? Cu-i
bono ! Does the Treasury save anything ? Does
I anybody save anything? Why do you want to
do it: It is a matter wholly immaterial to me,
i except that yon must put it somewhere else; you
must increase your deficiency; and this very bill
will have to be increased by $700,000 the moment
you repeal those acts.
Mr. HAUN. Will the Senator permit me to
ask him a question'
Mr. TOOMBS. With pleasure.
Mr. HAUN. Will the addition to the bill of the
' amount reported by the Committee on Finance
reduce the expenditures of the Post Office De-
partment for the present fiscal year a solitary
cent: or are not the contracts already made, and
i is not the Government now indebted for the
amount appropriated in the bill?
Mr. TOOMBS. From the very day this re-
form goes into operation, it will commence in-
creasing the revenue of the Department; it will
give you money fiom the postal service which
you will not otherwise get. The very instant
you put it into operation, it will increase, the rev-
enues of the Post Office Department, and there-
fore diminish the deficiency for which you go to
the Treasury. The Postmaster General tells ua
that for the next fiscal year, ending the 30th of
June, 1861, his deficicncy will be so much—a very
large sum of money. One of the great difficulties
in uiis whole matter has been not only that the-
franking privilege was an abuse of itself, but it
was the mother of a whole brood of abuses; your
printing abuse 
Mr. HAUN. I aslt the Senator if the contracts
for carrying the mail now, involving the carrying
of printed matter which he endeavors to get rid
of, are not already made? Are not the expenses
already incurred?
Mr. TOOMBS. They are incurred; and when
the matter is carried it will be paid for. Now, the-
franked matter is carried free, and we propose to
increase the revenue by making " dead heads"
live heads. You have contracted for carrying
everything that goes through the mail; and if you
abolish the franking privilege it will affect future
contracts of course. It will affect the Post Office
revenues, if it does not affect the contracts. I do
not know that it would affect existing contracts.
The gentleman's question is very appropriate,
but I must tdl him this: in many of the routes in
the United States—the smaller routes, the horse-
back mails and buggy mails—whenever there is
a representation to the Department that there is a
great increase of mail matter, there is a rule con-
stantly followed to weigh the mail matter, and if
it reaches a certain weight the mail contractor is
allowed additional compensation. In that view,
this provision would affect existing contracts, be-
cause it would diminish the weight of the mail.
It would certainly affect the revenues of the De-
partment by making that matter pay which is
now exempt from payment. That will be the
effect of the amendment of the committee.
Mr. COLLAMER. Allow me to suggest that
it would make 110 difference, as respects the ex-
pense of the Department under existing contracts,
until July. It is to take cffcct in April, but it may
as well be fixed for July as April. The Depart-
ment will not pay anything more or less, in con-
sequence of this provision, until next July.
Mr. TOOMBS. Thatisnotso. All these are
excuses. The Department can alter the service
whenever they please, and if they find that the
effect of this measure will be to prevent the print-
ing and circulation of a great mass of books,
PatentOfficc reports, 01- any other trash, and they
find that 011 a certain route four-horse post-coaches
are not necessary, they can put it down to one
horse. The Postmaster General can alter his
contracts; and if he finds the, mails are still more
affected, he can dispense with the service 011 one
particular route entirely, except some special con-
tracts created by law.
Mr. COLLAMER. He can do that on paying
a month's advance.
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes; that must be paid. I
have had occasion, 111 the discharge of my duties,
to look a good deal through these laws, though I
am not exactly familiar with all of them. Their
general principles 1 have deemed it my duty to
learn, though not at all particularly charged with
thatbranchofthepublicservice. I say the Depart-
ment can change these contracts according to their
necessities; and even if that were not the case, the
result of our amendment would be to increase the
revenue if it did not diminish the contract ex-
penses. The moment you pass such a provis-
ion you commence improving the revenue of the
Department, and you can instantly, as soon as
the Department can see its effects, lessen its ex-
penses, for the general control which the Post
Office Department lias over the mail contracts is
so great that it can alter, modify, or change them,
with reference to the public interests. It is neces-
sary to make its contracts 011 that basis.
The Senator from Vermont, as well as I could
hear him, was arguing against a system of franks
that was not here at all. I recollect that it was
proposed at the last session to allow each member
$175 worth of stamps, but 110 gentleman voted
for it; and I do not think a legitimate argument
can be drawn from that, against this amendment.
This amendment simply seeks, first, to abolish
the 1 ranking privilege, to make everything that
goes through the mails of the United States pay
the existing rates of postage; and next, in order
that the biiiden shall not be thrown on the public, -
sonants—those who by their position are com-
