m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 2,
3€th Cong—1st Sess.
Slavery Question—Mr. Smith.
Ho. op Reps.
public contemplated the spread of free institutions
westward of the free States, it equally contem-
plated the extension of slave institutions westward
of the slave State's, in their progress onward to
the barrier of the Pacific ocean ? And while this
was their policy, it was almost identically the
policy of those who adopted the act known as the
Missouri compromise of 1820—that of providing
for the formation of free States westward to the
Rocky Mountains and the Pacific, leaving to the
settlers south of that line all the rights to which
they were entitled in the absence of any prohib-
itory or adverse legislation. It seems as if the
history of this Government disclosed the fact that
they contemplated and intended to carry out, even
down to 1820, that policy of a fair and just division
of the common territory west of the Mississippi
•between the two sections that make the Federal
uUnion.
Some gentleman has said that the Missouri com-
promise was itself an aggression upon the rights
of the northern States. An aggression, to extend
a prohibitory act to all the Territories which lie
north of 36° 30', and to leave the others subject to
all the contingencies which attend the formation
and establishment of infant political communities.
And this is all that was done by those who adopt-
ed the measures of 1820. Slavery is prohibited
north of 36° 30', without any declaration as to the
condition of the territory lying southward of that
line. Well, sir, who were the parties to make the
compromise line ? A recurrence to that portion of
our history will show that at that time a more dan-
gerous proposition—one now scarcely advanced
by any politician—was asserted and attempted to
be ingrafted into our policy; and that was, the in-
sertion into the fundamental act for the admission
of new States a permanent disability to establish
the institution of slavery there, although there we
stood face to face with the most solemn covenant, by
. which we had pledged the faith of this nation to
the French Government to give to Missouri and
every other part of that territory which we ac-
quired all the rights which appertain to any other
State when they come into the Federal Union.
There was a proposition to restrict and hamper
her, to introduce Missouri into the Union subject-
ed to disabilities which do not attach to any other
State of the Confederacy.
The history of these proceedings shows that
the South was not disposed to accept tluit or any
prohibitory legislation; and if gentlemen will ex-
amine, as I have done, the. record of the various
votes which were given while that measure was
under consideration, and during the session of
Congress at which it was ultimately adopted, they
will find the two diverse theories which the Sen-
ate proposed and which the House proposed;
that in the House being a peremptory—present,
and prospective—prohibition of slavery within
the limits of tile State of Missouri; and the counter
proposition in the Senate, ultimately adopted and
constituting the prohibitory .section of the Mis-
souri compromise, as it is now so well known to
the country. Coming from a northern Senator,
offered to the South by the North, that ultimately
was adopted by a vote which the Journals show
consists of a larger propotion of northern than of
southern members.
While it is true that northern Representatives
preferred and pressed their amendment excluding
slavery from the incoming State, yet when they
found the Senate unyielding in its opposition,they
reccded, and adopted the restriction in its present
form by a vote of 134 ayes against 42 noes. In
this affirmative vote there were 95 northern mem-
bers and 39 southern; while the negative consisted
of 5 northern and 37 southern members. So that
while the vote of southern Representatives stands
nearly equally divided, that of northern is as 95 to
5. Has the South ever faltered in her efforts to
maintain and defend this fair and equitable piopo-
sition, by which we are to take this common prop-
erty and divide it between us1 I propose to refer
to a few occasions when the subject came up in the
two Houses of Congress, with a view of showing
that almost uniform ly southern members were for
extending the Missouri compromise to the Pacific,
making it a final settlement of the whole question
of domestic slavery between the different parts of
the Union.
On the 8th of February, 1847, Mr. Wilmot
moved an amendment to the three million bill,
which was then in consideration in the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, in the
following language;
i! Jlnd be it further enacted, That there shall be neither
slavery nor involuntary servitude in any territory in the con-
tinent of Aiucrica winch shall hereafter be acquired by, or
annexed to, the United States, except for crimes whereof
the party shall have been duly qonvictcd: Provided always,
That any person escaping into such teiritoiy from whom
labor or service is lawfully claimed in any one of the Uni-
ted States, such fugitive may be lawfully reclaimed and
conveyed out of said tcrutoiy to the persons claiming his
or her labor or service."
This proposition was adopted in the House by
the following vote: ayes, northern votes, 115;
southern votes, 1, (from the State of Delaware,)
—116. Noes, northern votes, 15; southern votes,
91—106. The Senate having passed a bill with-
out any provision of that kind, it came into the
House, and the same amendment was moved to
it, with the following result—ayes, northern votes,
96;southern votes, 1—97. Noes, noitliern votes,
21; southern votes, 91—102.
This, then, was the manifestation of public
opinion as far as it could be ascertained from the
action of members of the House, on the broad
proposition to exclude slavery from all territory
that we might thereafter acquire by that war or
by purchase.
In the Senate an amendment was moved to the
Oregon bill, on the 10th of August, 1848, by Judge
DoucnAs, as follows:
. That ctie line of 315D b'0' of north latitude, known as tile
Missouii t.otiijiioin,;'!' Id..-:, u defined by thy eighth section
of an act entitled £An act to anthoiizo tlio p-'oplc of the
Missouri Territory to form a constitution ami State gov-
ernment, and for the admission of such State into the
Union on nil equal tooting with the oenisnj States, and lo
prohibit slavery 111 certain Tcrritoues,' approved March
ti, 18:20, be, and the same is hereby, declined to extend to
the Pacific ocean ; anil the said eighth section, together with
ihe compromise theiein effected, is hereby revived and
declared to be in full foieeaud timdmi* lor tlio future organ-
ization of the Tcrritoues of Hie United States ni the same
sense and Willi the same understanding with which it was
originally adopted."
On that proposition, the votes in the Senate
were—ayes, northern Senators, 7; southern Sen-
ators, 26—33. Noes, northern Senators, 21;
southern Senators, none—21. In the House of
Representatives, August 11, 18-18, on the same
amendment, the vote "stood—ayes, northern mem-
bers, 4; southern members, 78—82. Noes, north-
ern members, 120; southern members, 1—121.
In the Senate, on August 12, 1818, on receding-
from the amendment which the House refused to
adopt, the vote stood—ayes, northern Senators,
27; southern Senators, 2—29. Noes, northern
Senators, none; southern Senators, 25—25.
Again, in 1850, when tlio California bill was
pending before Congress, the vote in the Senate
on the same amendment, when Judge Douglas
had moved in regard to Oregon, was—ayes,noVth-
crn Senators, none; southern Senators, 24—24.
Noes, northern Senators, 29; southern Senators,
3—32.
Again, on June 5, 1850, Mr. Chase, of Ohio,
moved an amendment to the compromise bill, in
the following words:
"That nothing herein contained shall be construed as
authorizing or permitting the introduction of slavery or the
holding of persons as pioperty within said Territory."
On that vote there were—ayes, northern Sena-
tois, 24; southern Senators, 1—25. Noes, north-
ern Senators, 5; southern Senators, 25—30. Mr.
Seward moved a restriction, in the following
words:
"Neither slavery nor involuntary smviiuilr, otherwise
than upon conviction foi crimes, shall evciv be allowed m
cither of said Territoues of Utah and New" Mexico."
On that vote there were—ayes, northern Sena-
ators, 23; southern Senators, none—23. Noes,
northern Senators, 6; southern Senatois,27—33.
I might go over many more votes than those to
which 1 have referred, but I am aware of the te-
dious nature of details like these, and will not
trouble the committee with any further rehearsals
of them. I have referred to them for the purpose
of showing that, on the part of the South, we have
ever offered the olive branch of peace; and we
oiler it here even to-day. It has always been the
purpose and aim of southern men, without regard
to party distinctions, to run out and extend to the
Pacific ocean that compromise which was em- j
bahned in the affections of the people of the eoun- ;
try, who recollected the period when it was adopt-
• ed,and the fierce sectional strifes which it allayed.
Well, in 1854, a new system of territorial legis-
lation was adopted. The Missouri compromise act
was annulled in the bill providing territorial gov-
ernments for Kansas and Nebraska; and what-
ever may he said in regard to the rights of parties,
I am willing here to-day to admit that it was an
unfortunate step—unfortunate because it has fur-
nished the occasion for the rapid growth of a great
sectional party, which now confronts us in this
House and throughout the entire Norlh. But,
nevertheless, the result was almost forced on the
country by the refusal to adopt any system of
equitable partition of that territory, which we
owned in common, west of the Mississippi.
Northern gentlemen saidtous: " Slavery does not
exist there, and we will never consent that any
part of that territory shall be pressed by the foot
of a slave." We of the South said: "You are
unwilling to divide it; then let us fall back on our
respective constitutional rights, and let those to
whom belongs the great duty of deciding ques-
tions of constitutional law settle this controversy
between us."
Sir, that was the condition of things after 1854.
The controversy has been settled. It has been
settled, whatever gentlemen may say in regard to
it, by the highest tribunal known to the laws of
this land, either State or Federal. It has been
decided by two thirds of the nine judges that con-
stitute the Supreme Court. Scarcely anything
has transpired during the progress of the p'resent
excited sectional debate more to be regretted and
condemned than the violent assaults upon that
tribunal which is entitled to our respect and con-
fidence. I have heaid gentleYm n assign as a
reason why its decision in the cause referred to
was not worthy of respect, that it transcended
the legitimate boundaries of the inquiry before it
upon the facts as they are presented in the record.
If those who repudiate its authority will go and
examine the case, they will find that the record
in its entirety was before the court. They had
not the beginning nor the end alone, but every
part of it. The court was to render its judgment
upon the facts as they are theie presented, and it
rendered what, in its opinion, was the rightful one.
The question of tile validity under the Constitu-
tion of the Missouri compromise restriction wns
itself directly presented to the court. The case
was twice argued—argued with ability and talent
of the highest order—deliberately considered by
the court, and the final judgment announced in
an elaborate and able opinion, that finds no supe-
rior for learning, research, and logic, in the annals
of our jurisprudence. What was the conclusion
at which the court arrived? It is this: the chief
justice, who delivers the opinion of the coui-r,
alter stating that " the Constitution recognizes flic1
right of property of the master in a slave, anil
makes no distinction between that description of
property and other property owned by a citizen."
and that " the right of property m a slave is dis-
tinctly and expressly affirmed in the Constitu-
tion," and that" no word can be found in the
Constitution which gives Congress a greater
powcrover slave property, or which entitles prop-
erty of that kind to less protection than property
of any other description," and that " the only
power conferred is the power coupled with the
duty of guarding and protecting the owner in his
rights," announces the result of his reasoning in
these words:
" Upon these considerations, it is the opinion of the court
that the act of Congress wliicli prohibited a citizen tiom
holding and owning pioperty of this kind m the tcrnlory of
till' United States, north of the line theicm mentioned, is
not warianted by tile Constitution, and is theicloie vo,d."
That is the opinion of the court as pronounced
by the chief justice. I beg the attention of the
committee to the evidence, which I find in the
opinion of Justice Wayne, as to the extent the
opinion was concurred in by the members of tlio
court:
"Two of tlio judges, Mr. Justices McLean and CurtN,
dissent from the opinion of the coiut. A thud, Mr. Justice
Nelson, gives a sepaiate opinion upon a tangle point m the
rase, with which f concui. assuming that the circmtcourt
had imicdw'tion ; hut he alwtani^ alto erhei hom e\pie^-
any opinion upon the eighth section ot the act oi 1820,
known commonly as the Missouri co:iip:onnscla\v, and six
of us dcclarc that it was unconatitutiona!."
if disputed points of constitutional law are ca-
