698
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
pelled to have a large correspondence—it puts the
burden of that correspondence on those who are
benefited by it. I say, in both views it is emi-
nently just and proper. As to the latter clause
of the amendment, to which gentlemen object, I
care very little about it. 1 at first preferred a
simple provision for the abolition of the franking
privilege; but many gentlemen who are honestly
m favor of the reform, with whom I have talked,
have told me*that it is not fair to put on them a
burden which they are not able to bear on account
of their increased correspondence, growing out of
their devotion to the public service. I thought
the argument a good one, and therefore I accepted
the proviso which is now contained in the amend-
ment, when it was suggested by another gentle-
man connected with the committee of which I am
a member, on the principle so clearly laid down
by my friend from Mississippi, that those who
get the benefit should pay the burden.
As. to this general argument that has been used
in the country about the diffusion of intelligence,
the Senator from Mississippi answered that fully.
You can send off whatever you choose when you
pay for it. If you have speeches to send to your
constituents, they*only have to pay half a cent
apiece, according to the existing rate of postage;
and I do not think those speeches are worth car-
rying through the mail if nobody is willing to pay
half a cent for receiving them.
It was suggested by the Senator from Rhode
Island that we should read here, as was done once,
the amount of franking of each gentleman, so as
to correct any abuses. He said some franked one
hundred thousand or three-hundred thousand doc-
uments, while others only franked two or three
thousand. If the system is a good one, I think
those who frank the most deserve best of the pub-
lic. If what you have printed is worth anything,
they did more to diffuse knowledge. A gentlr-
man is not to be censured, nor is he at f<>ult for
using the franking privilege to any extent what-
ever that is justified by law. While I sand but
a few thousand public documents to my constit-
uents, having other things to attend to, another
Senator, I think—the Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Douglas,]—sends some two hundred thousand a
year. He did not abuse his privilege in so doing.
He had a right to doit; it was notan abuse at ail;
and it is wrong to call it an abuse. He was using
a legitimate legal right; and using it legitimately
and fairly if he only franked matter that the law
allowed him to frank. That was no just ground
of complaint. 1 say, however, it would be per-
fectly fair to those constituents of his to make
them pay for the transportation of those speeches,
or seeds, or cuttings, or books, or whatever they
received; and if they were not worth the post-
age at the present rates, they were not worth lum-
bering the mails with.
I am willing to carry moil matter at the lowest
possible idtf.'. I do not seek to put the mail ser- j
vice of this country on the pniv-iple of m-niy other j
Governments. The business was seized by many
Governments originally, as they seized the salt
duty and the tobacco monopoly, for the purpose
of making money out of it. Even now, in Eng-
land, at the penuy rate, $2,000,000 is made for the
Government out of the postages; and last year, I
believe, they bought off an old pension of some
nobleman, which was-given to his ancestors, and
charged on the Post Office revenues—one of the j
Hyde family, the Clarendons, if I am not mistaken. [
I should like to se.e our connection with the !
Post Office business terminated as soon as possi- i
ble; but so long as we carry on the business of i
the Post Office, I am willing to carry mail matter '
as cheaply as it can be done; but let every man i
pay his postage according to the benefit he re- 1
ceives; and let the Government pay out of the j
public Treasury its postage,and notcast the bur-
den of it on other letter-writers. This is a prin- i
ciple of justice; one that I think will commend ;
itself in principle and in policy to every fair man.
I need not, however, go into that question now. ]
I again repeat that the objections of the Senator .
from Vermont do not apply. No other legisla- j:
tion is necessary. It does not require the rc-peai i
ofany law. or the passage of another law. There |
are other abuses, I admit; but they do not neccs- j
sarily depend on tliis. Other improvements may j
be made in your postage system. I think the 1
rate ofpostage ought to be five cents. I think it!
was a mistake to reduec it. j
The Senatorfrom Vermont ob jects to this amend-
ment of the committee because a similar provision
was the reason for defeating the Post Office bill in
the other House last year. That was not openly
pretended then—I speak by the record. They
sent us a message in which they said that the
reason they would not accept our bill was, that it
was a violation of the Constitution for the Senate
to propose to raise the postages. That is the
reason they gave officially; that is their Record.
If they had another reason, they did not state it.
I have no doubt they had. The Senator only
takes from his private information a reason which
they did not put on their record. The House of
Representatives put on their record that wo vio-
lated the Constitution by originating in this House
a mcasuie to raise revenue by increasing the rate
of postage; but they did not say that they objected
to the bill because we proposed to interfere with
the sacred privilege of franking. I have no doubt
they feltit; and I have no doubt that was the truth
of the case; but the Senator from Vermont, at
least, ought not to do the House of Representa-
tives the injustice of trying them from any private
knowledge of his, but should take them on their
record. That record is against him.
Mr. HAUN. Mr.'President, I regret exceed-
ingly that it has become my duty, under a sense
of what I deem to be right, to differ from the hon-
orable gentlemen who advocate the measure now
before the Senate. I cannot, for myself, understand
the reason or the necessity of this double-trigger,
back-action legislation. 1 cannot, for myself, read-
ily consent to the idea that the Congress of the
United States has become so corrupt that a meas-
ure of the importance that the amendment here
would indicate, from the argument of the Senator
from Georgia, could not be carried upon its own
merits. I am not one of those who believe that
the intelligence of the United States has sent such
Representatives to Congress that, when a measure
is presented for adjustment before them, in this
and the other wing of the Capitol, they will not
advocate and carry that measure if there is to be
a million or two million dollars saved by it. I will
long abstain from endeavoring to believe such a
thing.
But, upon another view of this case, I cannot
advocate and vote for the amendment offered by
the Finance Committee. 1 am unwilling to do a
wrong, a great and a growing wrong, to those
parties to whom we are justly indebted for carrying
the mails of the United States under contracts. I
am unwilling to^send them back, as the Senator
from Georgia informs us, prowling around this
Capitol, and howling, too, to the other end of the
Capitol, in order to get them to indorse upon their
bill for the payment of their just dues thisamend-
mcnt that is now offered by the committee of the
Senate. 1 am unwilling to do such a wrong to
these, people. Whether they are virtuous, or
whatever they may be, is not a question for mo.
It is not a question for the Senate whether these
men arc moral or conscientious, Democratic or
Republican; but the question is, is tins Govern-
ment justly indebted to them, and have we the
legal right, and is it not our duty to pass a law to
pay them? That is the question; not a question
of conscience; not a question of morality; not a
question of sub-contract or sub-lettmgs; but a
question of simple, plain law and justice; and I
am not willing to ignore it, however glad I should
feel to follow the distinguished committee who
have reported this amendment.
I deem it to be impolitic, I deem it to be unjust,
and I believe it to be unwise, to endeavor to clog
a just measure m this manner—to withhold the
payment of a just debt that we all acknowledge
that wp owe to these contractors, for the purpose
of getting through Congress a law which Srnators
tell us is indispensable. Senators tell us that the
outrages which have been perpetrated under this
present system of franking are enormous. I am
not willing to believe these things, and set aside
the just claims of persons for the purpose of thus
legislating on behalf of a law that is so merito-
rious in itself. I shall, therefore, have to vote
against this measure as introduced by the com-
mittee; and I shall vote for the bill as imported by
the Mouse of Representatives, believing that it is
all right, particularly as the Senate committee have
reported that it is all right.
One other remark, and I shall have done. I
regret exceedingly that the Senatorfrom Georgia
has undertaken to cast an odium of censure on
those of us who may differ from him about this
matter. I regret exceedingly that that Senator
should undertake to impute motives to those of
us who will not vote for this amendment. I un-
dertake to say that that Senator will not vote
sooner than I for the absolute repeal, frojn the
President down to the lowest demagogue in the
country, of this franking privilege.
I undertake to say that those of us who are op-
Eosing this measure now will vote as readily as
e to repeal the franking privilege. But I do not
think the Senator has well weighed the importance
of such a question, upon those of us who differ
from him on this subject. I hope the Senator
really thinks better of Senators on this floor, who,
at least, are ready and willing to act with him
upon the main question of the Union. I do not
feel willing to sit in my scat and be ccnsured for
my motives, when I refuse to go with gentlemen
on a measure of this character, which I know,
and which they acknowledge themselves, must
create an injustice to the parties for whom the
main provisions of this bill are to be passed. It
is the Senator and those advocating this amend-
ment who are acting unjustly here, not those of
us who are opposing the amendment; because if
it is just that these parties should be paid, it is
unjust to trammel their measure with a matter of
so great importance as the franking privilege is
said to be here. There can be no difficulty about
repealing the franking privilege. All the Senators
who have spoken on the subject seem to be in
favor of it. Where can the difficulty arise, in
this body, at least? If there is a difficulty in the
other House, do not Senators know that if the
other body wish to retain the privilege, the effect
of endeavoring to force them to repeal it by this
House will not make it go ? As a matter of pride,
as a matter of duty to themselves, if we endeavor
to coerce them into a measure which they do not
wish to pass, they would not do it; and I would
honor them for not doing it, if we endeavored to
coerce them to it by such means as this. But,
sir, there can be no difficulty about it. The frank-
ing privilege, everybody knows, has been most
outrageously abused, and that abuse is growing
every day. In a thousand ways will it save
money to the Government, to absolutely repeal
the franking privilege, from one end of it to the
other. Let us do it, however, at the proper time
and in the proper manner.
For these reasons I shall be compelled to vote
against the recommendation of the Committee on
Finance, and I hope Senators will not impute
motives to me, at least, in my humble capacity
here, for having done so
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr, Bright.)
The question is on the motion of the Senatorfrom
Illinois to strike out the proviso.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and navs were ordered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will read what is proposed to be stricken out.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Provided, AH persons now authorized by law to Hank, by
indorsing their names ami designation hy which the right is
conferred upon them on all matter mailed hy them, ^haij oe
exempt from piepaymentoi postage; but the postage on
such mail matter shall bo due and pavable by the porton or
persons to whom the same may be directed at the point of
destination.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will say one word, in
reply to what was said hy the Senator from Geor-
gia, "in regard to my proposition to strike out this
proviso, Assuming what he does to be the law,
he makes an answer-to my objection by stating
that the postmast-r would be liable to indictment
and punishment fr>rnot doing his duty in the case
which I supposed; but there is no law subjecting
the postmaster to indictment and punishment in
the case supposed. Suppose 1 were to send, as I
remarked, a thousand speeches to some post office
in the country. The presumption is, if they were
my speeches thaUthey would not be distributed;
most likely they would be burned; but if they
were the speeches of the Senator from Georgia, it
is quite likely that they would bp distributed.
He wants to know how ? To begin with, printed
matter of this character comes without any way-
bill; there is no account of it kept; and the prac-
tice of the Department now is, that postmasters,
wheic printed matter accumulates 111 their offices,
sell U and account to the Department for the pro-
