I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
-m
BRtii Cong. ... 1st Sess.
Slavery Question—Mr. Smith.
Ha. of Reps.
pable ofbeing determined, and controversiesgrow-
ing oat of them ever to be brought to a closc; if
judicial opinions possess any authority, or com-
mand any respect, it must be conceded that the
question of the competency of Congress, under
the Constitution, in providing forms of temporary
government for the Territories, to deny to nearly
one half the States not only an equal, but any par-
ticipation with others in the occupation and use
of common property, by excluding the labor and
property by which that occupation would be of
any practical advantage, or confiscating it when
removed there, has been authoritatively determ-
inuil a^u'mst such power.
Wlii.ii a grave and great question, such as that
presented in the facts of the Dred Scott case, is
properly brought before the Supreme Court of
the United States, a tribunal, by the very terms
of the Constitution, invested with the power to
decide all causes "in law and equity arising under
this Constitution," is elaborately argued, and ma-
turely considered and decided. The interpreta-
tion of the law which sustains and justifies the
decision must be accepted as correct.
Whether it involves a question of constitutional
construction or of a law arising under it, the court
is constituted, under our system, the final arbiter
so far as the Federal Government and its depart-
ments are concerned. In my opinion, Mr. Chair-
man, most wanton and uncalled for assaults have
been made on that tribunal. The distinguished
gentleman so long voted for by the other side for
Speaker [Mr. Sherman] spoke of it in the city
of Hew York in terms of strong condemnation,
which I will not in this presence repeat; and an-
other gentleman, a member from N ew York, [Mr.
Coxklixg,] took occasion to address to this com-
mittee an elaborate and able argument to show
that that court was entitled to 110 other respect
than that which any other body of men would be
entitled to; and that its opinions were binding only
upon subordinate tribunals and parties litigating
the questions before the court; and on them only
as to the particular subject in dispute. Now, it
is not thus that I have learned to regard that tri-
bunal and its opinions. They arc the constituted
arbiters of questions of constitutional and statute
law..Gentlemen from Massachusetts will do well
to recur to the profound and learned argument
pronounced in the other end of the Capitol by one
of ber own Senators, in those days when it was
not their interest to assail and impair the popular
confidence in the integrity of the court, and the
authority and weight of its adjudications.
I will read an extract from the speech of Mr.
Webster made in the Senate of the United States,
in reply to Mr. Itayne:
" I'ut sir, the people ha\ <• wir-ely piovidcd, in the Consti-
tu'ton itself', a piopoj Mutable mode :md tnbunalior settling
mixtion--" of constitutional hivv. Thereaie in tlie Constitu-
tion "rant-4 of powers to Con-jre.^, and restrictions on
pn\\ *i>. There me a^o prohibitions on the States Some
autt.oiitv luiwt thcioloie n^ees-aulve\i<t, having the nlti-
mare pnVdiciion to fix and ascertain the infrpictation o!
tii'^e £iant^.uMnctionsand prohibition-. The (Jon^titn-
tio-i iia* it-«'ir pointed out. oidiimrd, and established that
authoiitv. llowluu it «u-eornpli-hedthi-peat ande-senti.il
end.' liV declaims that4 the Constitution and the laws o!
tlie I'inied ^talop, made tii pur-uam-e rheiooi, -hall he the
supi;'iu(-' law of the land, anything in the Constitution or
liw- o( nay ritate to the ooimaiy notwithstanding.' J his
was the hist ffK'iit stop. liv this, the Mipmn.icy ot the
OonstiHition and laws of the United States in declaicd. 1 he
pernio -o will it. Xo State law is to be valid which comes
in eonthet wit!) the ('onsiitutton or any law of the United
Rati-. 13ut who -hall decide tin-question of mteiterence >
To whom hCH th" !a-t appeal. This the Constitution itsell
decides al o bvdoclaunir tliat 'the judicial power shah ex-
tend 10 all ea<o arming under the Constitution and la'v-ol
the United States.' These two proposition- rover the wjolc
eround Thcvaie in truth the keystone of theaieh. With
tiiej.o it is a Constitution; without theni,it is a Confed-
eracy."
A^aia, in the argument which he addressed to
tin1 Senate, in leply to Mr. Calhoun, in 1833, he
sums up the conclusions to which Ins argument
earned him; and the following is one of them:
" That there i-> a supreme law, consisting of the Coh-
pnfution of the United States, acts of Conp'e-s pa^eri in
puiMKtnce of ir, and tieaties; and that, in cases not capa-
ble of a-Munnig tit'1 chaiaetei of a suit in law or equity,
Con^r"s< mu-t judaic of>, and finally mteipmr, this Mipteme
law, so niii'H as it ha- occasion to pa-s acts of legislation;
and in cast's capuhle (A assuming, and actually as-unnng.
the eh >>auei of a suit- the Supremo Couit of the United
State . the finaj mt"ipietci ''
Mr. Chairman, v;c had some other declarations
to the same tilt el itoni the court of the State of
Massachusetts, which I take occasion to say com-
mands as much respect for its decisions as any
other tribunal in this land, if not more, in the
courts of North Carolina, where it has been my
privilege to practice my profession, in Simms's
case, decided in 1851, reported in 7 Cushing, the
court, after declaring that the act of 1850 was
constitutional to the same extent as the act of 1793,
and after citing various authorities, State and Fed-
eral, including some from the State of Massa-
chusetts, to the effect that that act was beyond
question within the competency of Congress to
enact, finally announces this as indicative of the
respect which, in their judgment, was due to the
decision of the Supreme Court: -
" Tlio principle of adheimg to judicial precedent, espe-
cially that ot tlie Supreme Co'uit of tlic United States, in a
case depending upon the Constitution and laws of the Uni-
ted States, and placed witlnn their special and final ju-
risdiction , is absolutely necessary to the peace, union, and har-
monious action ol tiie State and General Go\ eminent.-.
The pieseivation of both, with their tall and entire pow-
ers, each in its propel spheie, was regarded by the trainers
of the Constitution, and has ever smee been recorded, as
essential to the peace, older, and prospenty ot the United
States."
now, sir, why is it that the highest court
of tjie United States is no longer regarded, in the
estimation of gentlemen from the North, with the
respect which was once felt for its decisions?
Whether or not that court possesses the ability
and learning which distinguished it when presided
over by Chief justice Marshall, yet as a tribunal,
invested with full and absolute power to determ-
ine in cases arising before it questions of consti-
tutional law, why should it be now so fiercely
assailed, and the effort to displace it from the pop-
ular regard so persistently pressed? Itisnot dif-
ficult to succgest the answer. It has been called
oil to decide, and has decided, a question of con-
stitutional power, the attempt to exercise which
' had aroused and inflamed sectional passions to
the highest degree. It lias withdrawn from the
arena of party strife a question upon which a great
political organization rested. _ _
But is it true, as insisted on, that decisions of
tlie highest court arc obligatory only upon sub-
ordinate courts and parties to the litigation before
it,-and in this case only so far as the particular
mattcr in dispute is concerned ? In a larger sense
are they not binding upon the conscience of any
man? Such a narrow view of the functions of
the highest tribunal of a State cannot be a correct
one. It would degrade it to the place of a mere
arbitrator, and render it worthless for any prac-
tical social good, in the wcw of the Constitu-
tion, it has a higher office than simply to dispose
of personal controversies, and to decide conflict-
ing claims. These it does; but ill doing them it
accomplishes a higher object. It has a larger
sphere of duty. It establishes precedents; ascer-
tains and settles principles; defines rights; determ-
ines and enforces law. Silently and steadily it
i,s building up a great system of jurisprudence
upon which securely repose the peace and good
order of society. The mantle of its influence
which, like the dews of heaven, fall upon every
port of the land, is thrown around every interest
uf society, guarding it irom violence and wrong,
and in its bosom each personal and jiolilical right
finds a sure and ample guarantee. _ This all-per-
vading sense of the power and majesty of law, as
recognized and enforced in the adjudications of
the courts, so essential to the public^ peace and
the security of individual right, inspires the re-
! spect which is felt for their authority and the con-
| lidence with which it is maintained Eradicate
' from the heart of the people this sentiment of rev-
erence fur judicial authority and judicial exposi-
tions of the law, and you have done much to de-
stroy the safeguards which are now provided for
the liberties and rights of the people. It is a dis-
loyal spirit to the institutions of the country.
'I find that my time is rapidly passing, and I
have no disposition to detain the committee un-
j necessarily further on this subject.
I I shall "dismiss the topic by expressing my
i hearty concurrence ill the tone and sentiment to
i which my friend, the honorable gentleman Irom
! Tennessee, [Mr. XcLsoxr,] gave utterance a short
| Lnne ago, m the discussion oi the Utah polygamy
I bill. Iif expressed himself thus:
! >'Mo-tHin|ii<>=tioinhl> t think, Mr. Speaker, thai since
; j}[decwon in the Died l ease—a decision made b}
the Ingest tribunal in our own country and in the world;
by the only tribunal which is recognized as the final arbiter
on uuestions of constitutional law; a decision which I think
was made directly upon the point before the court, and not
an obiter dictum, as arguments in various parts of the coun-
try have assumed—I say, sir, upon that decision, that I Uold
Congress has no power to interfere with the. institution of
slavery in tlie Territories; beeanse that institution is recog-
nized, in some form or other, in three different places in the
Constitution: first, in the provision as to the rendition offu-
eitives from labor; secondly, in the representation tounded
upon the ownership of slaves; and thirdly, the recognition
of the African slave trade, and tlie power vested in Con-
gress to abolish it. Believing that it is the duty of every
good citizen—every truly patriotic man—to yield a ready
obedience to the decisions of the highest tribunal of the
land, X tlnnk we ought all tube content with the announce-
ment that has been made there as to what is the law—wMlt
aic our constitutional rights—what are our respective du-
ties on the subject. I am satisfied with it. Tlie learning,
the integiity, the independence, of that exalted tribunal,
which could have had no motive under heaven to mislead
it, should command the confidence and respect of the whole
country; and every law-abidiniunan who reflects that there
must be some point at which litigation is to cease, some
period when strife must terminate, ought to be satisfied with
it."
Well, sir, at last what is to become of this con-
troversy? Will enactments still bo pressed and
passed in opposition to the decision of tliat tribu-
nal ? Do not gentlemen of the North know that
the same judicial power which defeated the op-
eration of the act of 1S20 will declare it null and
void in every other case which arises under similar
acts passed by this Legislature? What, then, is
to bo accomplished by such a course? Why is
it that gentlemen will press upon the attention of
the.country,.the necessity of incorporating into
our territorial legislation that interdict which the
highest tribunal"of this land has declared to bo
unauthorized by the Constitution,and absolutely
null if put m the form of law ? Why will they
not return, as I invoke them from every part of
the country to do, to the same peaceful measures
which in 1850allayed the then rising storm? Why
cannot wc agree to leave that question to the silent
opinion and operation of agencies which brought
it about.
"Sir, we legislated in reference to the Territory
of Washington in 1853. One of the last acts of
the administration of Millard Fillmore was to
sign a bill organizing the territorial government
of Washington. There was no provision-upon
the subject of slavery in that bill. Why can we
not now organize territorial governments without
any action for or against the institution of slavery
ill their organic act? True, we of the South en-
tertain the opinion that under the scgis of our Con-
stitution we may carry our properly there, and
hold it there under the guarantees which that Con-
stitution affords. ^ And when gentlemen ask me
how I can carry into a common Territory prop-
erty which is controlled under the laws of a State
where I live, let mo ask, in reply, by what tenure
we carry it upon the bioad ocean, beyond the
jurisdiction of a State? Do our slaves cease to
'be slaves when they pass upon a ship beyond the
jurisdiction of the State under whose laws they
are held > By what Jaw are they there retained
as slaves, except by the law of property which
exists in tlie State where they were held previous
to their removal, and wlueli follows them where
ever they go, until they come ill conflict with
some prohibitory legislation in some other part of
the country. . .
But, gentlemen ask, what series of laws will
you carry there? Will you carry the slave sys-
tem of North Carolina, or of Alabama, or of any
other Stater We carry there but the result of
those laws. We retain the rights which, under
' those laws, vested in the owner of property. Wc
carry no local laws with us, but we carry prop-
erty; and for the simple reason that the Constitu-
tion, which permits liee and slave States to co-
exist under it, will let slavery and freedom exist
together in a common Territory, over which that
Constitution overspreads and extends an indis-
criminating, protecting hand; because the Con-
stitution, winch recognizes the existence of sla-
very in the States which establish and maintain
it, will not destroy, nor permit to be destroyed,
the same rights of property, when the owner goes
with tliat property into a Territory in which lie
encounters no hostile or prohibiting law.
But whatever differences may exist as to" the
validity of this asserted right, still, why may we
not abandon ail unprofitable and exciting agita-
