1720
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April IB,
Mr. NIBLA.CK. I move that the House ad-
journ.
The motion was not agreed to.
NICHOLAS UNDERIIILL.
iHr. FENTON, from the same committee, re-
ported back Senate bili No. 182, for the relief of
NichoIasUnderhilh which was referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and, with the accom-
panying report, ordered to be printed.
MRS. A. E. GUILD.
Mr. FENTON, from the same committee, re-
ported back Senate bill No. 108, for the relief of
Ivtrs. A. E. Child; which was referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House; and, with the accom-
panying report, ordered to be printed.
NATHAN WHITMAN.
Mr. FENTON, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill granting a pension to Nathan Whit-
man; which was read a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
HERMAN J. EIILE.
Mr. FENTON, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill granting a pension to Herman J.
Ehle; which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House, and,
with the accompanying- report, ordered to be
printed.
THOMAS BOOTH.
Mr. FENTON, from the same committee, re-
ported a bili granting apension to Thomas Booth;
which was road a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and, with
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
PRENTICE CIIAMPLAIN.
Mr. FENTON, from the same committee, re-
reported a bill granting a pension to Prentice
Champlain; which was read a first and second
time, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the accompanying report, or-
dered to be printed.
MARY J. HARRIS.
Mr. FLORENCE, from the same committee,
reported a bill granting a pension to Mary J. Har-
ris, widow of Colonel Thomas L. Hams; which
was read a first and second time.
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 am directed by the com-
mittee to ask the House to pass the bill at this
time. Every gentleman is acquainted with its
merits. Colonel Harris was a member of this
House in the last Congress.
The bill was read. It directs that the name of
Marjr J. Harris, widow of Colonel Thomas L.
Harris, be placed on the pension roll, at the rate
of the half pay of a colonel, commencing on the
1st day of January, 1859, to continue during her
natural life.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. A bill of this char-
acter was passed by this House at the last ses-
sion of the last Congress, and was only lost in
the Senate for want of time to consider it.
Mr. FLORENCE. I demand the previous
question.
Mr. BURNETT. 1 appeal to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania to withdraw his demand for
the previous question. 1 was lecognized by the
Speaker, and was entitled to the floor before the
gentleman called the previous question.
Mr. FLORENCE. I was entitled to the floor,
having reported the bill; but I will withdraw my
demand for the previous question at the gentle-
man's request.
Mr. BURNETT. There is no man in this
House who has a higher respect for the memory
of the late Thomas L. Harris than myself; no
man here who regretted his early loss more deeply
than myself; no one who will remember longer
than myself his virtues as a man and his services
to the country, either in the field of battle or in
this Representative Hall; none who will longer
pay tribute to his memory than myself, among
those who served with him upon this floor. But,
sir, I cannot, as a Representative of my district-
as a member of this House of Representatives—in
my place here, permit a bill to be reported from
the Committee on Invalid Pensions asking that
we shall place upon the roll of pensioners, with
the half pay of a colonel, the widow of the late
Thomas L. Harris, without saying that it is ex-
traordinary legislation. It is asking us to pass
such a measure without any report from a com-
mittee, without any proof as to whether he died
of disease contracted while in the military service
of the country, or anything of that kind—asking
us, upon the mere reading of the bill, to pass it
through this House. For one, I cannot do it;
and hence I call upon the gentleman who reported
the bill to show what reasons there arc why we
should pass it.
Mr. WHITELEY. I understand that Major
Harris stated himself that the disease of which
he died was contracted in Mexico.
Mr. McCLERNAND. There is no doubt
about that.
, Mr. BURNETT. There is nothing before us
to show it. Let the proof be made out, and there
is not a man in the House who will vote for it
sooner than myself.
Mr. ADRA1N. 1 will say to the gentleman
that Major Harris told me that he contracted a
disease in Mexico that was wearing out his life. I
had it from his own lips.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I will answer the
gentleman from Kentucky, if I have the floor.
Mr. BURNETT. No, sir; I do not yield the
floor.
| Mr. CURTIS. The conduct of Major Harris
j is a part of the history of the country, and there
j is no necessity for any report here in this case.
Mr. McCLERNASTD. By the permission of
my friend from Kentucky, I will add a word or
two to what has already been said in relation to
this bill. I had the honoif of an early and long
acquaintance with my predecessor in this House,
Major Harris, and take great pleasure in stating,
what this House, or many of its members, know to
be true, that he wasagallantsoldierni war, and an
eminentstatesman in peace. He served his coun-
try faithfully and courageously in the Mexican
war, and also for many years as a member of this
House. He died,sir,in the service of hiscountry,
esteemed and lamented by all who knew his virtues
andnoblequalides. lhadan opportunity of know-
ing, and will state the fact, that he contracted the.
disease which eventuated in his death during his
service in the Mexican war. Naturally he was a
man of delicate and frail constitution, and having
exposed himself to the extreme hardships of afor-
eign war, liisconstitution became undermined. At
the battle of Cerro Gordo he distinguished himself
by hi3 skill and valor. Wherever danger was to
be found, there he was to be found. Wiien he re-
turnedfrom this field of his glory his constitution
was shattered and broken, and from that time until
he paid the great debt of nature he was a dying
man—kno\Vn to be so by all who were conversant
with his condition.
Mr. BURNETT. 1 wish to ask the gentleman
from Illinois one question. If the facts are as he
states, this lady is entitled to a pension under the
general law; and why lias not the application been
granted at the Pension Office?
Mr. McCLERNAND. Myanswertotheques-
tion of the gentleman is, that this is an excep-
tional case, addressing itself with great emphasis
to the sense of justice as well as to the generosity
of the House. It is such a case as ought not to
be subjected to the technical forms prescribed at
the Pension Office. It is a case that ought to be
passed here and now. One more remark, and I
will take my seat. Major Harris died a poor
man—comparatively a poor man... His widow is
a very interesting lady—a native of Maryland, I
believe.
Mr. BURNETT. I know her.
Mr. McCLERNAND. She has a family de-
pendent upon her for support, relying on her for
J the means of education. In short, hers is such a
i case as cannot be rejected here, as I think, with-
out reproach to ourselves. I now move the pre-
. vious question
! Mr. BURNETT. I think I have the floor,
and the gentleman from Illinois has no right to
call for the previous question.
Mr, McCLERNAND. I ask the gentleman's
pardon. I made the demand inadvertently, and
now withdraw it.
i; Mr. BURNETT. I have but this to say in
j! conclusion. All that the gentleman from Illinois
has said of the widow of the late Colonel Harris
11 is true. I have the honor to know her. She is a
i lady. There is no man who would go further to
aid the family of Thomas L. Harris than I would,
provided I could do so consistently with my duty
as a Representative of the people. Believing, as
I honestly do, that a bill of this character, based
upon the ground that it is put upon, and with a
general law on the statute-book, is wrong, what-
ever may be the opinion of others and believing
that it ought not to pass, I shall vote against it.
I call for the previous question.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I hope the gentle-
man will withdraw the call for the previous ques-
tion. As I introduced this measure, I claim the
right to be heard upon it. At the last session a
bill similar to this passed the House unanimously,
as I have already stated, and was lost in the Sen-
ate for the want of time. There is no doubt
that Colonel Harris died of a disease contracted
in Mexico when in the discharge of military duty.
While I do not desire, on this occasion, to pass a
eulogy upon his character—I have heretofore
expressed myself fully in regard to his virtues
and his worth—I do not regard it as fair on the
part of the gentleman from Kentucky to force the
previous question, and thus prevent me from re-
plying to his objections, which I am sure I can do
fully and satisfactorily. It is due to the widow
and family of the deceased that I should. t
Mr. BURNETT. I insist'on my demand for
the previous question.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. The gentleman from
Kentucky has made a speech against the bill, and
now calls the previous question; unwilling, it
would seem, to have the Dill explained, and his
objections answered.
Several Members. We will pass it.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Very well; that is
all I want; and I will say no more.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. FLORENCE demanded the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof, the bill was passed.
Mr. FLORENCE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate by Mr.
Hickey, their Chief Clerk, notifying the House
that that body had passed an act (S. No. SG9)
for the protection of the fisheries upon the Poto-
mac river in the District of Columbia; and an act
(S. No. 344) to amend an act entitled "An act to
establish a criminal court in the District of Co-
lumbia," in which he was directed to ask the
concurrence of the House.
Also, that the Senate had passed, without amend-
ment, House bill No. 213, to incorporate the Uni-
ted States Agricultural Society.
Also, that the Senate had passed , with amend-
ment, House bill No. 34, confirming certain land
entries under the thirty-second section of the act
of 3d of March, 1855, entitled " An act making
appropriation for the service of the Post Office
Department during the fiscal year ending 30th of
June, 1856."
MRS. ANNE M. SMITH AND OTHERS.
Mr. SICKLES. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions to report back Senate
bill No. 73, for the relief of Mrs. Anne M. Smith,
widow of the late Brevet Major General Persifer
F. Smith; Mrs. Harriet B. Macomb, widow of
Major General Alexander Macomb; and Mrs.
Arabella Riley, widow of Brevet Major General
Riley, with an amendment. I ask that the bill be
now put upon its passage.
Mr. BRANCH. If it be in order, I will move
that the House resolve itself ifito a Committee of
the Whole House on the Private Calendar.
Mr. SICKLES. I have the floor. I will ex-
plain the bill and proposed amendment. The re-
port which accompanies the bill is somewhat
voluminous. There are three pensions included
in this bill. The first one, that to Mrs. Anne M.
Smith, widow of General Persifer F. Smith, is
made to date from the time of the decease of Gen-
