mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBi.
June 6,
of justice and right and propriety, to suspend its
execution for a time; long enough to see whether
there was anything in the clamor. A law was
passed accordingly, at the last session, not repeal-
ing the grant, but merely suspending the execu-
tion of the law which Congress had indicated,
until the subject could be inquired into. That
suspension will last until the end of the present
Congress.
I have said, therefore, in my view of thesubjcct
upori its merits, that if it came now before me as
one of first impression upon the case as made,
not by those who are to be prejudiced by the law
"of 1858, but upon the case as made in the statute-
books and in the archives of the country, in rela-
tion to this title, I should say it was due in jus-
tice, in-good faith, in common right, for Congress
to mtfke the very grant which was made in 1858.
But they come to us now to repeal it. Repeal a
grant? The honorable Senator from North Car-
olina has shown from authority that that cannot
be done; but no authority is required, in my judg-
ment, to show that you cannot repeal a grant.
A grant! Why a grant parts with the title as ef-
fectually as a deed of bargain and sale upon con-
sideration. The title is gone. If they had come
here and made a case showing actual collusion,
fraud, imposition, deception, and trick, and that
it had been obtained in that way, still we could
not repeal a grant if we had any lespcct for com-
mon right or common justice. All that we could
do would be to remit it to tho tribunals of the coun-
try—the courts of justice—to ascertain whether
the facts upon which the case was based were
true; and they might declare the law invalid, be-
cause it had been obtained by trick, or contrivance,
or misconception; but Congress cannot do it. If
it were made to appear t« the courts that the law
was obtained bf collusion—collusion with Con-
gress: that they had been bribed; or by misrepre-
sentation or falsflfccati«m; and these facts were
ascertained, I do ru)t think it would be any great
stretch of judicial legislation to declare the law
inoperative and void, because of the absence of
the only consideration in public faith upon which
the law could be passed. But, be that as it may,
that is not the case here. Thisgrant, in myjudg-
mcnt, was made in prudence and wisdom—one
that, upon the same state of facts, I would make
to-day as a member of this body. I cannot see,
in my limited view, any propriety in the repeal
of the grant; and therefore I shall vote against it.
Mr.FESSENDEN. Mr. Picsident, 1 am not
about to make any argument on this bill; I am
quite incompetent to make one; but I wish to say
simply that I have listened with attention to thi
debate that has taken place on this question on
both sides, with a desire to come to a correct con-
clusion; and I have conic to the conclusion, with-
out any sort of difficulty, that it is the duty of
Congress to repeal this law, or so much of it as
applies to this subject, as speedily as possible.
My conclusion is founded upon considerations
that 1 will state. In the first place, the law was
passed without any explanation being given to
Congress of its probable effect. I presume there
was not one member of the Senate, except the Sen-
ator who reported the bill, that understood the
effect of it. I have heard of none other. I do not
know whether there was another or not. It was
a very innocent looking bill upon the face of it.
It came in under a false title; that is to say, a
title which did not express its object and effect.
It was brought in as an appendage to another
matter which was understood, and did not cx-
Frcss upon the face of it what its effect would be.
t related to an old transaction with which hardly
anybody was acquainted,and with which nobody
here could hardly expect to be, or be supposed to
be acquainted. It went, to be sure, through the
ordinary forms of legislation; but no one took the
trouble to explain to the Senate what it was in-
tended to do, and what it would do; and it was
therefore passed by us, or those of us who may
have acted upon what was submitted to the Sen-
ate, under no sort of idea of what we were doing
at the time, and that not our fault either; because
it cannot be supposed to be possible that every
Senator, having as muck business as we have to
do in other directions, would take the pains to
inquire and understand the particular effect of
every act, especially when the title tells you noth-
• act or purpose of it.
"Therefore I say, sir, tiiere was necessarily an
entire surprise upon the Senate; and having been
surprised, we are under no obligation, certainly,
to refrain, when the matter is brought before us,
from the inquiry of what we did and how we did
it. " Notwithstanding that, if the bill itself was a
correct one and a proper one, 1 would not be dis-
posed, of course, to interfere with it; and if no harm
would be done, it would be as well to let it stand.
But, sir, I have listened to the debate, and my mind
has come to the conclusion, without difficulty,
that the claim which is made by these gentlemen
who desire to hold under it is utterly preposter-
ous in itself; a gross outrage upon common sense
and the common construction of grants. No-
body, on reading the papers or hearing them read,
which made the proposed title in the first place,
or even hearing any explanations, as I have heard
them, given of the running by the surveyor, or
whatever it might be, marking on the face of the
earth, can suppose that it was ever the intention
of the Spanish Governor to make any such utteily
preposterous grant as this is now exhibited to be,
whatever may be the legal ofifect; but that it was
not the legal effect, I am perfectly well satisfied.
The argument is not strengthened in my view
by saying that these parties, early in the transac-
tion, undertook to convey and mortgage to others.
That,possibly, may be explained inagreatmany
different ways. No particular explanation, per-
haps, can bo given at this distance of time; but all
the infoimation that is given of conveyances,
claiming, and running back to the lake, &c., were
of a very early period. Theie has been no sat-
isfactory evidence to me, that I have heard in the
debate, that there has been an open, undisputed
claim since, or a claim exercised and in force
since, to the extent that is now argued. I un-
derstand a fact which goes far to satisfy me that
it never could have been so understood; and that
is, that in the conveyance made by Daniel Clark
to one of these grantees, instead of giving a de-
scription of the land on the face of the earth, he
simply conveycd all his right, title, and interest
to the claim. Itis thatunder which these grantees
now hold; in fact, the common conveyance of a
quit claim, as we call it in our section of the
country.
Leaving that, the next point that is set up is
that herds a legislative grant and we cannot in-
terfere with it. Well, sir, if it is a legislative
grant, mid a valid one, nothing that we can do
will hurt it. That is very certain. But it is ar-
gued that because it is a legislative grant and wo
cannot afreet it, therefore, we should do nothing.
That is not the conclusion to which I should come.
If it is a legislatne grant, and a valid one, and
nothing that we can do can affect it, we can do no
particular harm by passing this bill; the title will
remain. If it should happen, however, not to be
proved a valid legislative grant, and we omitted to
repeal the law, then these men will hold even not-
withstanding that. In the first place, we do no
harm, because if they make this preposterous claim
under this legislative act of ours, it is contrary to
equity, conti.iry to right, and they have no par-
ticular ground of complaint of us for making them
test, if we can make them test, their legal right to
it. If, on the contrary, we refrain from action, we
may do incalculable injury to a very large number
of men who ceitainly are entitled to very great
consideration from us, because we have brought
this evil upon them. The most gentlemen can
say about tins question is, that whether this is a
valid legislative grant or not, is a doubtful ques-
tion. It is a doubtful question. We have heard
able arguments on both sides. Much may be said
on both sides. Only a court could establish it;
but those who sjy it is a doubtful question call
upon us to decide upon that giant by refusing to
afford an opportunity to have the question exam-
ined in court at all, by leaving this law of 1858
upon thestatutc-bookasitstands. Ifit is admitted
that it is a doubtful question, we should at least
place it where it must be tested by a proper tri-
bunal, and that i* the case before us. We will
bring the question before them in the act which
is before us.
On these grounds, sir, which I am not disposed
to argue, I shall vote for the passage of the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) In committee the second section
was stricken out,and the question is now, whether
the Senate will concur in the amendment made
in committee. As a substitute for that amend-
ment, the Senator from Georgia moves the fol-
lowing:
That Congress hereby refuses to confirm to the claimants
unchr the H'oumas grant the lands embraced in ceitificates
No. 125, to William Con\va>; No. 127, to Daniel Clark; and
No. 133, to Donaldson and Claik.
The question is on this amendment proposed
by the Senator from Georgia.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. President, I had not
anticipated saying anything further in relation to
the bill before the Senate; but looking over the
other day the report of the debates, and in listen-
ing to-day to what has fallen from several Sen-
ators, there still remain such strange misappre-
hensions of facts, statements arc made in direct
contradiction to the papers and record in this
ease, that I find it absolutely necessary to beg
the attention of the Senate while I call them back
to the facts upon these papers.
Now, sir, m the year 1812, these claims were
reported to Congress; and I call upon the Senate
to listen to the language of recommendation of
the commissioners:
" Daniel Clark claims a tract of land, situate in tho
county of Acadia, at a place called the Iloumas, contain-
ing ten acres in front, on the lett bank of the Mississippi,
and running back to the river Amite"'—
The honorable Senator from Kentucky told us
this morning that there was no back line in the
confirmation—
running back to the river Amite, bounded on the upper
side by the lands of Donaldson and Scott, and on the lower
by those of Conway."
That was the claim put before the board. "What
did they do with it?
" It appears to the board, from a patent or complete title
exhibited, tbat said land, together with a greater quantity,
wa=i granted by tho Spanish Government to one Maurice
Conway, on the 521st of June, 1777; and it appearing from
divers deeds of conveyance also exhibited, that tbe land
now claimed by the present claimant lias been legally con-
vc>cd to him, the board do therefore confum him in ins* said
claim."
So many arpents front, bounded on each side
by such adjoining proprietors, and running back
to the Amite river. That was the claim he pre-
sented. " The board do hereby confirm him in
said claim.5'
Now, the next:
"No. 13^. William Donaldson and John W. Scott claim a
tract of land, situate m the county of Acadia, on tho loft
bank of the Mississippi, about twenty-two leagues above
the city of New OtWns, containing twenly-mue acrc* m
front, with the depth to tiie river Amite, bounded on tho
upper side by land of one Hnnonet, and on the lowei by
land of Daniel Clark.
" It appearing to the boaid, from an instrument of writing
exhibited, that ^aul innd was sold at public auction on the
l*2th day of August, 1798, before Evan Jones, at that time
commandant of La Fourch<\ to Louis Fame; and it ap-
pearing tiom sundiy deeds of conveyance, likewise exhib-
ited, that said land has become the piopeuy of the present
claimant, tho boaid do hereby confhm his said claim."
Is there any doubt there about the quantity,
limits, or boundaries? The honorable Senator
from Georgia, the honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky, the honorable Senator from Ohio, every
Senator that has spoken, has admitted that these
parties had a perfect claim to a certain depth.
The question was to what depth ? Now, in 1805,
your own "commissioners reported that they had
a perfect title back to the river Amite. That was
the report of your commissioners. There was no
doubt about the back line. They say they claimed
it to the river Amite; and it is to that that it is
confirmed.
What is proposed to be done now? It is pro-
posed to go back from the dale of that report to
the ongiiial grants made by the Spanish Govern-
ment, thirty years before the report, to follow
back the title of this land through repeated con-
; veyances, under which it was always described
I as going to the lake; to go back to the original
| grant from the sovereign, and to state that the
parties who held did not get as much from the sov-
ereign as they claimcd; that their claim was be-
yond the words of the original grant. Nobody
pretends that they did not claim it from the start,
with that depth. Nobody pretends that the claim
was not open, notorious. Nobody pretends that
the land was not bought and sold, mortgaged and
inherited, with that very depth, and that, too, at
the time this Union was struggling for its inde-
pendence. The proposition is now to say, that
because by going back to the language of the ori-
ginal grant, you can raise a doubt as to the depth,
therefore you are to undo everything that has
been done for nearly a century. That is the prop-
