I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
279
36th Cong....1st Sess.
Positions of Parties—Mr. Sale.
Ho. of Reps.
ciary Committee to inquire into the expediency
of prohibiting slavery where we have the consti-
tutional right to do so, was considered a danger-
ous attack upon the rights of the South. They
tell us now, that if we assert that freedom is the
proper condition of the Territories, and that sla-
very does not exist and must not go there, and if
we should dare to elect a President holding these
views, that he shall never take his seat, and that
the Union shall be dissolved in consequence. Can
it be that this course on the part of the South has
causcd this great change in the politicians of the
North? Have we been frightened from our pro-
priety and our rights'by impotent and insolent
threats? It seems to me that no other reason for
the change can be ascribed. If this be so; if men
will be deterred from holding their opinions by
such reasons; then, I think, slavery of the baser
sort may fairly be said to exist north of Mason
and Dixon's line.
How would our southern brethren feel if we put
a like proposition to them ? "We believe slavery
to be wrong. We think that it is an evil. You,
gentlemen, believe that slavery is right, andought
to go into the Territories. You favor the exten-
sion of slavery. Suppose we should say that if
you elected a man to the office of President, who
held the same views you do, and elected him in a
peaceful and constitutional manner, we would
never allow him tobe sworn into office, but would,
in that event, dissolve this Union and destroy the
Government: would it not be fairly said that such
a threat deserved only your scorn and contempt?
Surely it would. So we treat it when it comes
from you. No such threat will, I think, prevent
the men of the North from exercising the sacred
right of suffrage in the way they think proper.
We intend, at the next election, to elect a Repub-
lican President—if we can get votes enough; and
when he is elected he will take his seat. "Of that
you may be sure.
Mr. Chairman, the Republican party is a Union
party. It is in favor of preserving this Union in
its integrity, and with all the rights of all the sec-
tions. We do not desire the preservation of the
Union, as our southern friends sometimes allege,
for mercenary purposes. We disclaim that en-
tirely. We have higher and nobler reasons for
sustaining it. We would preserve it because it is
a rich legacy from our forefathers, won by their
toil and blood. We have received it unimpaired,
and unimpaired we intend to leave it to our chil-
dren. We believe it to be the best form of gov-
ernment on earth, and that its destruction would
be the greatest political calamity that could befall
us, and one that must bo averted by almost any
conceivable sacrifice.
My own State has suffered more from the acts
of the South, within the last fifteen years, than all
the southern States together have suffered from
the acts of the North from the beginning of the
Government. We have seen our interests struck
down by the free-trade Democrats of the South,
in the repeal of the tariff of 1842; our property
depreciated m value; our manufactories closed;
our business in a great manner ruined; and yet
we have not threatened to dissolve the Union on
that account. We did not claim the right to re-
dress our grievances in that way. I have no hes-
itation whatever in saying that we have lost more
property by the repeal of the tariff of 1842 than
you have by all the runaway slaves, from the
foundation of the Government down to the present
time.
Mr. Chairman, what have we done with respect
to slavery that should bring upon us all this fear-
ful storm? What principles do we now hold that
should so excite their hostility. I live in a State
bordering some three or four hundred miles upon
slave territory; and yet the fugitive slave law,
odious as it is to the mass of our people, is exe-
cuted there without serious difficulty. To be sure,
we require southern men to come after their slaves;
we do not propose to run down their negroes and
take them back. They should not ask that; but
when they come to us and ask for their rights,
their request is always respected, although it is
opposed to the feelings of all our people. Wo
were brought up to look upon slavery as a great
moral, social, and political evil; as a wrong in
itself; and yet, as it is in the bond, we abide by it.
We entered into this Union with States,knowing
that they held slaves; and we feel ourselves bound
to sustain that institution so far as the law and
the Constitution require us to do so, but no fur-
ther.
Does the South respect our rights as much as
we do theirs? Why, sir, a free man cannot go
into a slave State ana speak what George Wash-
ington and Thomas Jefferson taught, without
being considered an Abolitionist, an incendiary, a
dangerous man; taken and punished in the most
shameful manner, and sent out of the country;
and he may think himself well off if he escapes
with his life. They break open the mails, and
destroy what they please of the contents; and,
more than that, we are told that we must not ex-
ercise the right of suffrage in the manner we think
proper. When we are ready to give up all these
rights we shall be fit for slavery, but not before.
I propose to devote some remarks now to the
discussion of that other principle of the Repub-
lican party—protection to American industry.
Upon that subject I cannot expect to say any-
thing very new or interesting; anything which
has not been said by others better qualified to dis-
cuss it than I am. The best minds of this, coun-
try have been turned to its examination; and I
think I may safely say that, when they have done
so with an impartial desire to arrive at the truth,
the decision has almost universally been in favor
of the doctrine.
Before I proceed to the discussion of that sub-
ject, I wish to notice some remarks by the gen-
tleman from Virginia, [Mr. Millson,] who ad-
dressed the committee a day or two since. 1
did not hear the gentleman's speech, but I see it
reported in the Globe; and in order that he may
not be misrepresented, I will read what he said
on that occasion:
" But I understood the allusion of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, and it confirms mo in th« supposition that I
have indulged for boino time pa^t as to the objects of the
.Republican party, with which tJie gentleman js avowedly
associated. What is that pauy? Sir, I say, for one, that
I do not fear the Republican party in any of its assaults
upon slavery. I am not sensitive; because 1 do not fear
you, gentlemen. You can do nothing that I diead. You
Will do nothing that can alarm me."
The gentleman said only what he believes, and
what every other gentleman on that side of the
House believes, if he would speak his true senti-
ments. The Republican party have no desire,
have no design, have no power, have no wish, to
interfere with slavery in the States where it exists.
They have said so in every form, on every occa-
sion, and gentlemen ought to believe us; and 1
am glad to find the gentleman from Virginia does.
He says further:
"And yet you maintain your organization, hoping that
the strong unti-slaveiy sentiment which you attempt to
nourish and perpetuate will induce the people to remain
with you, bound together as a Republican party; and when
you are lilted into power, then >ou will give that protection
to northern manufacturing and mining interests, and prose-
cute those grand and gaudy schemes ot internal improve-
ment, that you have been prevented tor so many years from
accomplishing, by the stern opposition of the Demociatic
party."
I am obliged to the gentleman from Virginia for
that candid and frank avowal of what he believes
to be the position and objects of the Republican
party. That is, no doubt, the true sccrct of the
opposition to that party on the part of our Dem-
ocratic friends. They do not fear us on the sla-
very question. They themselves say so, speaking
through one of their most distinguished leaders on
this floor; but they oppose us because they believe
that, when we do get into power, we will pass laws
for the protection of northern industry. That is
the true secret of their opposition. They are not
afraid of us on account of slavery; and why should
they be? Do we not hold the same principles on
that subject that Henry Clay held in his lifetime?
We stand precisely where he stood when he was
supported by a large majority of the slaveholders
of the South for the Presidency. I ask leave to
read what Mr. Clay says on that subject:
" So long as God allows the vital current to flow through
my veins; so long as reason holds her seatnnthroned m my
biain,T will never, never aid in submitting one rood of free
terntory to the eveibiMmg curse of human bondage."
Does the Republican party hold any stronger
position than this? No, sir. What does he say
again with regard to the moral, political, and
social aspect of slavery ?
a I have mad? no change from the earliest moment when
I could consider the institution of slavery. I have held and
I have said, from that day down to the present, again and
again, and I shall go down to the grave with the opinion,
that it is an evil—a social and political evil—and that it is a
wrong as it respects those who are subject to the institution
of slavery. These are my opinions."— Speech on the com-
promise of 1850.
Now, these are the opinions of the Republican
party, and as far as any member of that party has
fone. Then why do they complain of us? They
now well that, so far as slavery in the States is
concerned, they have nothing to fear from us; and
as to the Territories, it would be a vain and use-
less effort for slavery t<5 undertake to keep up
with the activity and energy of freedom there.
They have tried that once, in endeavoring to
make Kansas a slave State. That lesson, I trust,
will not soon be forgotten by them; and I also
think the effort will not soon be repeated.
Gire us, Mr. Chairman, the homestead bill, as
I trust wc will soon have it. Give us a fair and
free election by the people of the Territories, and
freedom, I think, would have nothing to fear from
the result. The Territories are now free. They
will be free. It is their right and their destiny.
Why should our southern friends endeavor to
force slavery on them? They have ample space
within their own States for all conceivable wants
of the system. According to the admission of a
distinguished Senator from the South, made in
the Senate a short time since, they have territory
sufficient for two hundred million slaves within
the slave States. As they have now but four
million, they will scarcely need any more slave
territory for the next five hundred years at least.
The gentleman from Virginia,however, informs
us that the Republican party are in favor of the
protection of American industry, which doctrine,
he says, has been successfully opposed by the
Democratic party. This, although persistently
denied by that party in my State, is unquestion-
ably true, and 1 am glad to have so veritable a
witness of the fact in the gentleman himself.
Mr. MILLSON. I rather think the g'entleman
misapprehends what I said the day before yes-
terday.
Mr. HALE. I read from the report in the
Globe.
Mr. MILLSON. I speak of the gentleman's
interpretation. The gentleman is in error in sup-
posing that I did not complain of the position of
the Republican party. What I said was this* that
while the real object of the Republican party was
to revive the Federal policy of the country, their
pretended object was only to legislate for the pro-
hibition of slavery in the Territories. I did not
mean to be understood as declaring that the south-
ern members had no right to complain of the po-
sition of the Republican party. Oil the contrary,
I maintained that, in keeping up this agitation—
which, I endeavored to snow, they did not them-
selves hope to be productive of any legislative
result—they were doing serious mischief to the
South. I said I did not fear their legislation, be-
cause they had not the legislative capacity to do
what they aimed at doing. They say that they
desire to prohibit slavery in the Territories; but
I remarked that their real objcct w?is to establish
the doctrine of the Federal party. I meant to say
that, while their pretexts were offensive to the
South, their measures would not be dangerous to
the Sotuh. Their real objects, though not offens-
ive to the South, are, m their practical effect,
dangerous to the South; and, while the gentleman
himself avows that he, as a member of the Re-
publican party, desires the reestablishmontof the
protective policy, yet I call the attention of the
gentleman to the fact that I adverted to the other
day, that nowhere can he find a published reso-
lution of his party in avowal of any such object.
Mr. HALE. I do not wish to misinterpret
the gentleman from Virginia. I am perfectly
willing to insert in my spcech any portion of his
that he may desire. What I read I think clearly
embraced his idea, that he did not fear what the
Republican party would do, so far as slavery is
concerned, but that the real objcct of the party,
and what was inthe main the ground of objection
to it, was that it aimed to restore the protective
system. I do believe, Mr. Chairman, that the
Republican party is fully committed to the great
doctrine of protection to American industry. I
am sure that I would not belong to any party that
