1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im
oral Smith. That is in accordance with all the
acts of Congress of a similar character. The same
provision was in the act of Congress granting
a pension to Mrs. General Worth, Mrs. General
Gaines, Mrs. General Brown, Mrs. General Jones,
and many others, which I need not detain the
House by mentioning. In the case of Mrs. Gen-
eral Riley and Mrs. General Macomb, included
in the Senate bill, a discrimination was made, and
their pensions were made to date from the passage
of the act; and the office of the amendment is only
to put them all on the same footing, and make
them all correspond with the previous acts which
have been passed by Congress: that they shall
date from the time of the decease of the officers.
The amendment is to strike out the words "from
the passage of the act," and to insert in lieu of it
the words, " from the date of the decease of their
husbands respectively." I demand the previous
question.
Mr. BRANCH. Is it in order to move that the
House resolve itself into a Committee of the
Whole House on the Private Calendar?
Mr. SICKLES. I have the floor.
Mr. BRANCH. Not after you have called the
previous question.
Mr. LONGNECKER. I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. SICKLES. I have the floor.
Mr. BRANCH. Wheneverthe gentleman yields
the floor, I want to move that the House resolve
itself into a Committee of the Whole House.
Mr.SICKLES. I callforthepreviousquestion.
Mr. BRANCH. I now claim the floor. The
gentleman has called for the previous question,
and he cannot retain the floor further.
The SPEAKER. That is so.
Mr. STEVENSON. If the gentleman will yield
to me, I will move that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. BRANCH. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. SICKLES. I appeal to the gentleman from
Kentucky not to press the motion to adjourn now,
but, if it be the desire to adjourn, that I shall be
allowed to enter a motion to recommit the biil, to
keep it before the House.
Mr. STEV ENSON. If the gentleman will agree
to refer the bill to a Committee of the Whole House,
I will yield for that purpose. I am opposed to
any sort of discrimination in favor of one of these
claims bills over another. I think that it is unjust
to single out particular widows and particular men
' to pass their claims, when there are others stand-
ing upon the Calendar, equally as meritorious,
which are forgotten.
Mr. BRANCH. That is sound, good sense.
Mr. STEVENSON. I move that the House
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
twenty minutes past four o'clock, p. m.) the House
adjourned until Monday.
IN SENATE.
Monday, Jlpril 16,1860.
Praver by Rev. John Chambers, of Philadel-
phia.
The Journal of Friday last was read and ap-
proved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of the Navy, com-
municating, in obedience to law, an abstract of
offers for furnishing naval supplies, coming under
the cognizance of the bureau of yards and docks,
for the year ending June 30, 1860, and a list of
contracts made by that bureau; which was or-
dered to lie on the table.
Mr. SCJMNER. There were certain papers
from the President laid on the table a fqjv days
ago, in answer to a resolution of the Senate, with
regard to the occupation of a guano island in the
West Indies—the island of Navasa. I move that
they be printed. There was no motion in refer-
ence to their printing made at the time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion will
go to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. SUMNER. I believe they are printed, as
a matter of course on motion. Are they not?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion must
go to the Committee on Printing, under the rules.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WADE presented the petition of Henry
Durkee, praying indemnity for losses sustained
in fulfilling a contract for .supplying the United
States troops at Plattsburg with fresh beef in the
year 1839; which was referred to the Committee
on Claims.
Mr. GRIMES presented a petition of citizens
of Iowa, praying the establishment of a mail route
from Forest City to Otranto,in that State; which,
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. KENNEDY presented the memorial of
William T. Kendall, praying indemnity for prop-
erty seized and confiscated by the alleged author-
ity of the British Government, and for the value
of guano on an island claimed under the act of
August 18,1856; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. BIGLER presented the petition of Mary
A. Berault, heir and legal representative of the late
Joseph Wheaton, a lieutenant in the revolution-
ary war ^praying to be allowed the half pay prom-
ised by Congress to those who should serve to the
end of the war; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
. He also presented the petition of John L.Kis-
siclt, a gunner's mate, injured by the explosion
on board the United States steamfrigatePrinceton,
in 1844, praying a pension; winch was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of John
L. Sullivan, praying that the Pacific and other
railroads in our country may be constructed from
the proceeds of the mineral lands of the United
States, upon apian presented in his petition; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. WIGFALLpresented the petition of Sarah
F. Anderson, widow of the late Thomas P. An-
derson, a surgeon in the Texas navy, praying
relief; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. SLIDELL presented a petition of registers
and receivers,of the land offices in the Territories
of Kansas and Nebraska, praying the reimburse-
ment of money paid by them for clerk hire, rent,
and fuel; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
He also presented the petition of Charles H.
Hyde, praying the reimbursement of expenses
incurred in" deepening the channel of the South-
west Pass of the Mississippi river, under a con-
tract with the United States; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. HUNTER presented papers in relation to
the claim of the administrator of P. M. Taliaferro
to the half pay for life promised by the resolves
of Congress; which were referred to the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. HALE. I desire to present to the Senate
a petition of the People's Pacific Railroad Com-
pany, in which they represent that they have ob-
tained a charter from the State of Maine, and
propose to proceed to make application to the
Legislature of California for leave to go through
the territory of California; and they ask Congress
to grant them leave to go through the public lands
of the United States, and to make them such ap-
propriation of lands as in the judgment of Con-
gress the public interests may require. The plan
is novel, and I can say for the enterprising pro-
jectors of it that they are enthusiastic, and confi-
dent that they will be able, through this plan, to
build the road. It is not an appeal to great cap-
italists, but to the people at large by subscrip-
tions of small sums. I ask that the petition be
received and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, as I believe we have no Pacific railroad
committee..
Mr. GWIN. I suggest to the Senator that it
be laid on the table and printed. All the projects
for a Pacific railroad are on the table and on the
Calendar. Let them all come up together.
Mr. HALE. This is partially printed now,
but, if it be more agreeable to the Senator from
California, I will move that it lie on the table and
be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
3HCSSA.GK FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House ofRepresentatives,
by Mr. Hayes, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bills, in which
the concurrence of the Senate was requested:
A bill (No. 627) for the relief of the widow and
other heirs of William Higgins, deceased;
A bill (No. 637) to settle the titles to certam
lands set apart for the use of certain half-breed
Kansas Indians in Kansa,s Territory;
A bill (No. 640) for the relief ofWendell Trout;
and
A bill (No. 656) to grant jyjensiofl to Mary l.
Harris, widow of Colonel Thomas L. Harris,
deceased.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the following bills and joint resolu-
tions of the Senate:
A bill (No. 42) for the relief of the heirs and
Jfgal representatives of Mark Elisha;
A bill (No. 229) for the relief of'Angelina C.
Bowman, widow of Francis L. Bowman, late cap-
tain in the United States Army;
A joint resolution (No. 24) for the compensa-
tion of Rev. R. R. Richards, late chaplain to the
United States penitentiary, Districtof Columbia;
and
Ajoint resolution (No. 4) to allow a credit to
certain disbursing officers therein named.
The message further announced that the House
had disagreed to the amendments of the Senate to
the amendment of the House of Representatives
to the bill of the Senate (No. 192) authorizing the
corporation of Washington city to make a loan
and issue stock for $200,000 for building a marlcet-
h0"f''P" BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
408) for the more effectual suppression of the slave
trade; which was read twice by its title, and or-
dered to lie on the table, and be printed.
Mr. SEBASTIAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. No. 31) explanatory of the eighth
section of the act of Congress, approved February
28, 1859; which was read twice by its title, and
referrcd<to the Committee on Finance.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, to whom was referred the memo-
rial of Elizabeth Landsdale and Maria M. Fox,
heirs of General Stephen Moylan, submitted a
report, accompanied by a bill (S. No. 409) for the
relief of the heirs of General Stephen Moylan, of
the Revolution. The bill was read, and passed to
a second reading; and the report was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. DURKEE, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
318) for the relief of Andrew E. Marshall, re-
*ported it without amendment.
Mr. POWELL, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of citi-
zens of Upper Tulpehocken, Pennsylvania, pray-
ing a pension for Michacl Lauck, reported ad-
versely thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 600) for the re-
lief of the children and heirs of Alexander Mont-
gomery, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committcc, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 269) granting a
pension to James Lacey, of Grainger county,
Tennessee, reported it without amendment.
Mr. TEN EYCK, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims, to whom was referred the
petition of the heirs of Lieutenant Charles Web-
bet, of the revolutionary war, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration; which was
agreed to.
Mr. THOMSON, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of Nathan
Wilkins and others, praying that the heirs of the
militia of the Indian wars and of the war of 1812
may be placed on the same footing in regard to
bounty land as those who served in the war with
Mexico, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration, aiid that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Public'Lands; which was agreed to.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 277-)
for the relief of Webster S. Steele, reported ad-
versely thereon.
He also, tern the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. JSTo. 314) for the re-
lief of Emma A. Wood, widowof the late Brevet
Major George W. P. Wood, of the United States
Army, reported it without amendment.
