¥02
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
Dixon, Doolittje, Douglas, Durkee, Fessenden, Foot, Fos-
ter, Grimes, Hale, Hamlin, Hammond, Harlan, Hunter,
Johnson of Tennessee, Nicholson, Sumner, Ten Eyek,
Toombs, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—32.
So the motion to reconsider did not prevail.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. HUNTER. I now move to postpone all
■prior erders, and take up tlie Post Office appro-
priation bill. ,
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the special
order.
Mr. HUNTER. Then I fall it up.
Mr. FITCH. Can I not have permission to
make a few reports from the Committee on Print-
'"The VICE PRESIDENT. By unanimous
consent. The business before the Senate is the
Post Office appropriation bill.
Mr. HUNT3&R. I do nor agree that it shall
be taken away except by vote of the Senate.
Mr. FITCH. I move that the Committee on
Printing haVc leave now to report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is not
in order.
Mr. FITCH. Then I move to postpone the
question now before the Senate, for that pur-
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved to post-
pone the consideration of the Post Office appro-
priation bill.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on a
division—ayes twenty-nine, noes not counted.
PATENT OFFICE REPORT.
Mr. FITCH, from the Committee on Printing,
to whom the subject was referred, reported the
following- resolution:
Resolved, That theie be piinted, in addition to the usual
number, ton thousand copies of the annual report of the
Commissioner ol Patents on u Arts and Manufactures," lor
the year lS.>y ; eight thousand of which for tlie use of the
Senate, and two thousand for the Interior Depaitmcnt, for
purposes of official distribution; the plates and drawings
to be enlarged, but not to exceed in size those illustrating
the report of 1856: Provided, That the expense of engrav-
ing shall not bo mcroasod by s-uch enlargement; and Pro-
vided further, That the tabular statements and indices be
printed with nonpareil tvp.', and tlie de&ciiption ot patents
with Irevicr tvpe. so .in to complete the enlne report in
two octavo volumes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
ask for the present consideration of .the resolu-
tion ?
Mr. PITCH. I do.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection.
Mr. HUNTER. I object, if one objection will
prevent its consideration. I know that it will
lead to debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will lie over, objection being made.
Mr. PITCH, from the Committee on Printing,
to whom the subject was referred, reported the
following resolution:
Resolved, That there be printed, in addition to the usual
number, fifteen thousand copies ot the annual repoit of
the Commissioner of Patents on agriculture, for tlie jear
1859, ten thousand of which for tile use of the Senate/and
five thousand (or distiibution by the Interior Department:
Provided, That the aggregate number oi pages contained
in said report shall net exceed six hundred pages, including
ten pages of illustrations on wood: Jlnd provided further,
That the entire amount oi copy necessary to complete said
report, including the diawiugs for the illustrations on paper,
be placed in the hands of the Superintendent of Public
Printing on or before the 1st day of April next.
Mr. HUNTER. That goes over. I object to
its consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unan-
imous consent to consider it now. Objection being
made, it must go over.
POST OFFICE DEFICIENCY BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 1)
making appropriations to defray the deficiencies
in the appropriations for the service of the Post
Office Department for the fiscal year ending 30th
June, 1859, and in part for the support of the Post
Office Department for the year ending 30th J une,!
1860; the pending question being on the amend-'
ment offered by Mr. Haie to the amendment of
the Committee on Finance, to strike out " May"
and insert "April."
The amendment to tlie amendment was agreed
to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fjtzpat-
RiCK.in the chair.) The question now is on the
amendment of the Finance Committee as amended,
to add:
Sec. 5. Jlxd be it further enaeted, That all laws author-
izing the franking privilege be, anil the same are hereby,
repealed, from and after the l*t day of April next: Provided,
All persons now authorized by law to frank, by indorsing
their names and designation by which Uie right is conferred
upon them, on all matter mailed by tliem, shall be exempt
from prepayment of postage; but the postage on such mail
matier shall be due and payable by the person oi persons
to whom the same may be directed, at the point ot destina-
tion.
Mr. SIMMONS. I wisli to suggest an amend-
ment to the proviso.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. An amendment
is already pending. The question is now on the
amendment of the Senator from Vermont, [Mr.
Collamer,] to insert, before the proviso:
And that tlie permanpiit annual appropriations made to
the Post Office Department, by the acts of March 3,1847,
and March 3, 1S51, be, and the same are hereby, repealed.
This was offered yesterday, butnotacted upon.
Mr. COLLAMER. I presented that amend-
ment yesterday; but, on more mature reflection,
and finding the objection gentlemen make to it,
I am inclined to withdraw it. If gentlemen think
proper to have no free mail matter, and, at the
same time, preserve the §700,000 that is paid for
carrying it, when there shall not be any of it to
carry; if that is, in their view, consistent legisla-
tion, let it pass. I withdraw it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair hears
no objection to the withdrawal of the amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. POWELL. I beg the indulgence of the
Senate whilst I make a few remarks on the amend-
ment, reported by the Committee on Finance to
this bill, abolishing the franking privilege. In the
progress of the debate, every Senator who has
spoken has admitted that this franking privilege
is a great evil, and that it should be abolished.
I have heard no dissenting voice upon that sub-
ject. The only objection that I hear urged to the
amendment is, that it should not be attached to
the Post Office deficiency bill. In the early part
of the session, I introduced a bill for the purpose
of abolishing the franking privilege. That bill is
now before the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads. I regard the franking privilege as'
one that entails great and manifold evils on this
country. Hence, I desire its abrogation. I differ
entirely from the Senators who have expressed
an opinion that this is not a proper time, and that
this bill is not a proper one to which this amend-
ment should be attached." I concur most heartily
with the distinguished Senator from Georgia, [Mr.
Toombs,] when he declared that this was"the very
time and the very place to do it; and, for one, I
return now to the Finance Committee my hearty
thanks for having reported this amendment; and
I return my thanks to the Senator from New
Hampshire for having inserted in it a provision
that it shall take effect 011 the 1st day of April,
instead of the 1st of May. I desire that it shall
take effect as early as possible. I wish to stop the
quadrennial flooding of this country with the mis-
erable campaign documents that precede every
presidential election. The amendment of the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire, I think, will effectually
do that, bccause it causes the law to take effect
before either of the conventions meet to nominate
the respective candidates.
I can conceive no reason why a member of Con-
gress ever should have had the franking privilege
other than for the purpose of allowing him free
communication with his constituents, and the con-
stituent free communication with him. All the
privilege that should ever have been extended to
him on this subject is to exempt him from the
postal charges on the letters that he might write
.to his constituents, 01" receive from them, upon
official business. That, however, is not now the
law. We find that the members of Congress not
only have this privilege to exercise it for"the pur-
pose of communicating with their constituents on
matters of official duty and of public business, but
they use it in every department of life. All their
private correspondence goes under their franks,
and they do not even stop there. If the reports
we have are correct, they have not only exercised
that which was conferred by the law as a personal
privilege, but they absolutely extend it, I believe,
to wife, children,"and friends; and many of them,
it is said, to all who ask it. Whether that be so
or not, I am not enabled to say; but such is the i
general impression throughout the country, and
particularly in this city.
I have been furnished by a gentleman with some
tabular statements which, I think, will tend very
much to show, if they do not conclusively estab-
lish, that the abolition of the franking privilege will
be an annual saving to the country of at least
$4,000,000. In the very able report of the Post-
master General, that 1 hold in my hand, he esti-
mates that the saving in postages alone will be
§1,800,000 a year. 1 apprehend that the premises
from which he derived that conclusion are correct.
In the matter of public printing, there will, I think,
be a very great saving. I have a tabular statement
furnished to me by Mr. Rives, who was for many
years Printer to Congress, showing the money re-
ceived by the Printers forCorignss during seven
Congresses, commencing with the Twenty-Third
and ending with the Twenty-Ninfh Congress, in-
clusive. Mr. Rives says that he has every confi-
dence that that statement is correct; that he made
it with great care. It was published in the Con-
gressional Globe many years since. According to
this statement, it appears that the aggregate cost
of the public printing was—
For the Twenty-Third Congress $-179,300 80
For the Twenty-Fourth Congress  lt)l,790 25
For tlie Twenty-Fifth Coogius.s  319,605 35
For the Twenty Sixth Oongiess  Ife7,679 61
For the Twenty Seventh Congress  239,839 59
For the Twenty-Eighth Congress  314,663 73
For the Twenty-Ninth Congress  276.100 60
I have also a tabular statement which was pre-
pared forme in the office of the Secretary of the Sen-
ate, and I presume it is correct, showing the cost of
the public printing for the two Houses during each
Congress for the last six years. It is as follows:
Statement showing the aggregate cost of the Printing, 4'c.,
ordered by the Thirty-Third, Thirty-Fourth, and Thirty-
Fifth Congresses.
o
►3'S
—
o ^
v — -t >-•
: tg
2* j : a,
dd r
. JS
• s a
: : i 2s* '4
fp: : £-<
■ "5 3
-§\?
P:
AVUXO
ACil wl
OtSOOA.
CGXW-
CT
CO -to. to '72
10 fo to ti
<d k-
a w
OD CO *—*
CO O 1—
tO iri O
COCC.i
in rc 35 cc
CO CC <C O
CO CC O -■}
The average cost of the public printing for the
six years included in this table is §788,183 per
annum. In the first statement which X gave, the
largest expenditure was for the Twenty-Fifth
Congress, §319,605 35. That, I am told, docs
not include the binding. Taking half that sum
for each year of the Congress, it would give
§159,802 67 per annum. Add §40,000, which I
am told is a large allowance for the binding, and
you have $199,802 67 as the annual expense of
printing at that time. Deducting that from the
annual printing expense for the last six years, of
§788,183, you have $588,381 as the increased cost
of the public printing m latter years. I think tlie
greater part of this would be saved by abolishing
the franking privilege, because then extra copies
would not be printed for distribution I am very
confidentthat the result of this measure, if adopted,
