1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im
the United States, commanding Mm to arrest the said
Sanborn arid have him before the Senate, for the reasons
therein stated, with an indorsement thereon, purporting to
be signed by said MeNair, Sergeant-at-Arms of the Senate,
appointing the said Silas Carleton to serve the said war-
rant, and empowering him to exercise all the authority in
relation thereto, with which he was thereby invested. The
said original answer of the said Carleton, with his certified
copy of the said warrant, are hereto annexed, and made
part of this record.
Whereupon, having called to my aid and assistance sev-
eral of the associate justices of the supreme judicial court,
the parties respectively, the petitioner and respondent, were
heard by their respective counsel; whereupon it was or-
dered and adjudged—
]. That any justice of the supreme judicial court, iit-
vacation , when said court is not in session, has Jul isdiction
to hear and decide the questions arising upon the return of
a writ of habeas corpus, as the whole court would have,
if in session.
2. That the court have jurisdiction to hear and decide
oil the alleged justification of said Carleton, to arrest and
detain the said Sanborn under and by virtue of the war-
rant so returned by him.
3. That the said warrant was insufficient in law to jus-
tify the said Carleton in making the said arrest and detain-
ing the person of the said Sanborn.
4. That the said Sanborn be discharged from the custody
of the said Carleton.
Mr. MASON. I move to refer these two war-
rants, with the papers connected with them, to
the Committee on the Judiciary, with instructions
to inquire and report whether any, and what fur-
ther, proceedings may be necessary to vindicate
the authority of the Senate, and to effect the ar-
rest of the witnesses named in the warrants.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the memorial of
Mr. Sanborn, and the accompanying papers that
are already on the table, be taken up and referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary also.
Mr. MASON. I ask that that motion may be
divided, and the question first put on taking up.
I have no objection to taking up the paper, as I
told the Senator.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is,
susceptible of division. The Chair will first put
the question on taking up the memorial and pa-
pers.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on the second" branch of the motion: to refer
the papers to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. MASON. I would suggest to the Senate
what I did not know until since this question was
last before the Senate, that there is another me-
morial from the same man, which was presented
here some considerable time since, and laid upon
the table. I presume I was absent from the Sen-
ate at the time when it was presented. I did not
know there was such a memorial until it was
brought to my notice a few days ago. I suggest
to the Senate that both papers be taken up at the
same time.
Mr. SUMNER. I have no objection.
Mr. MASON It will be understood, then, that
both memorials are now before the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. The first memorial was not
presented by me, and I have no distinct recollec-
tion of it. I remember that there was a memorial
from Mr. Sanborn, but the precise purport of it is
not in my mind.
Mr. MASON. I did not examine who pre-
sented it; nor is it a matter of moment, I presume.
I did not know such a memorial was presented,
nor was it brought to my notice until since the
subject was last up.
ftow, Mr. President, only for the purpose of
determining what the precedent of the Senate shall
be in a like case, I shall object to the reference;
or if it be in order as the superior motion, which
the Chair will decide, I shall move that both
memorials be rejected, upon the ground that the
memorialist, by the statements contained in them,
shows, in both instances, that heisin contemptof
theauthority ofthe Senate, and refuses to obey it;
and by analogy (and I think a very proper analogy)
to proceedings in a court of law, where a witness
is in contempt, as it is called—usually a technical
contempt—where he denies or disobeys contuma-
ciously the authority of the judiciary, as in this
case I suggest this person has denied and dis-
obeyed the authority of the Senate, he is not al-
lowed to come before the tribunal, except for the
purpose of purging himself from the contempt. I
move, therefore, that both memorials be rejected,
if that be the superior motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Virginia, that these
memorials have been received, and ordered to lie
on the table. One of these is now called up. The
Senator may move to postpone it indefinitely, ot-
to a day certain, or that it do lie on the table.
Mr. MASON. I am perfectly aware that I
cannot move that the memorials be not received,
because they have already been received; but they
have only been received as a presentation,a pend-
ing question before the Senate; and the question
would then be: "What disposition is to be made of
the papers?" In my judgment, a motion to reject
is by no means an equivalent motion to a motion
not to receive. We cannot know the contents of
a paper until it is presented; and it is on the pre-
sentation of these memorials that I move to reject
them both. Perhaps it is necessary that the me-
morials be read, that we may know what their
contents are. I ask, therefore, that they may be
read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the memorials will be read.
Mr. MASON. I will suggest, and I suppose
the Senator from Massachusetts will concur, that,
as both are before the Senate, the one first offered
be first read in continuity.
Mr. SUMNER. I know nothing about the
one first offered.
Mr. MASON. As you please, sir.
Mr. SUMNER. My own motion was, that the
memorial offered by myself, in which Mr. San-
bom complains of an outrage perpetrated upon
him by certain persons pretending to act in the
name of the Senate, ana asking redress at the
hands of the Senate, be taken up, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the only
memorial before the Senate at this time.
Mr. MASON. Let it be read.
Mr. HALE. I thought the Senator from Vir-
ginia moved that the first memorial be taken up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has no
recollection of that motion.
Mr. MASON, f wjll not press it. I did move
that it also be taken up, and I understood it to
meet the assent of the Senator from Massachu-
setts that they should be considered together; but
I do not press the motion. Let the last one be
taken up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
ask for the reading of the memorial presented by
the Senator from Massachusetts?
Mr. MASON. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
read it.
The Secretary'read it, as follows:
To the Honorable, the. Senate of the United States .*
llespcctfully represents, F. B. Sanborn, of Concord, Mas-
sachusetts, that while he, as he brieves rightly, has retu&ed
to obey the summons ofthe "selcct committee" ofthe
Senate, and has desired, in a legal and proper manner, to
contest his rishts as a citizen, ot which he has before this
mlormed the Senate, by ins memorial of Februaiy 16,1860,
submitted to them on the 27th of February, 1860, oilier
persons, claiming- to act under the authority of the Senate,
have unwarrantably usurped power, and disgraced them-
selves by their acts and doings ; that on the night of the 3d
of April instant, between the hours of nine and ten o'clock,
p. m., he tfas called to the door of his own house by a
young man, who handed him a fraudulent letter, and that,
wlule in the act of taking this, he was seized by another
man ; that to his often-repealed demands for the names and
authority of these tnen he could get no sufficient or defi-
nite answer; and that, on his refusing to go with them, un-
less he could see the precept under which they were acting
or know its nature and contents, he was held and hand-
cuffed, and there, without hat or shoes, was dragged by
these men and three others, who Uadbeen called by a whistle
from them, fiom his house into the road, and there violently
pushed, lifted, and shoved to and upon a carriage, which
was standing In front of jjib house; that by great-efforts on
his own part, assisted by tho<e of his sister, he succeeded in
preventing these men irom placing him in the carriage, and,
the alarm being given to his neighbors and friends, he was
soon burrounded by them, when, on the repeated demands
of himself and others, the rutlians finallygave theirnames
as Silas Carleton, Freeman, Tarlton, Coolidge,
and Foss, and, for their authority, read a precept, pur-
porting to be directed to Dunning R. MeNair, Sergeant-at-
Arms ofthe United States Senate, and to be signed by the.
Vice President of the United States, commanding the ar-
rest and bringing before the Senate, by the said MeNair, of
the body of your memonalist; that no~person named Me-
Nair appeared to arrest hint; but that attached to the said
precept was a clause, by which the said MeNair professed
to depute his authority to Silas Caileton, and to no other;
that none of the four men holding him were known to your
memorialist, or to any of his neighbors then present, and
had no badge of authority, or indication of their being offi-
cers ; that upon the arrival of your memorialist's counsel,
who had been sent for, they refused to take him back into
the house, there to remain, until a writ of habeas corpus
could be obtained, to test their power and his rights, but
continued to hold liim in the condition in which he was,
without hat or shoe.*, in the Gold night air, and upon the
damp ground, for an hour, or thereabouts j that when a
writ of habeas corpus, issued by a justice of the fuprerae
judicial court of this Commonwealth, had been brought and
duly served on th«m, by a deputy sheriff of tfee county, they
refused to obey the command, and compelled the officer to
use force and the power of the " posse comikttw" to take
your memorialist out of their hands, to the great risk of.Ws
life and limb, and the serious injury of his arms and wrists,
which were still manacled; that all this was done by the
said Carleton, and the others named, upon a precept which
appears to have been in their hands for more than six weeks,
during .nearly all which time your memorialist has been
openly engaged in his usual avocation, and about the town
in which he resides, freely and without any disguise or con-
cealment; and that there was no sort of reason or excuse'
for the secrecy, fiaud, violence, and ruffianism used in
making the ariest; that since his discharge by the full
bcnch of the supreme judicial court, for want of authority
in said Carleton to make such arrest, after a full hearing of
the case, he finds that said Carleton, and those employed by
him, are men having no property or responsibility, holding
no official position, and possessing no such character as
that they ought to be intrusted with the most delicate and
dangerous power of arresting and forcibly carrying away
free citizens; that their mariner of exercising it was so
improper, disgraceful, and offensive, that it has lowered
the dignity of your precept, and tended to impair the proper
authority of your honorable body in the eyes of all good
citizens, without distinction of party, sect, or belief; and
further, that your memorialist, conscious his own rights
have been grievously outraged, prays redress of your honor-
able body.
And, as in duty bound, will ever pray.
F. B. SANBORN.
Concord, *dpril 6, 1860.
Commonwealth of Massachusetts, } .
County of Middlesex, j
Concord, *April 6,1860.
Then personally appeared the above-named F. B. San-
bom, and made oath that the facts contained in the above
memorial are true according to his best knowledge and be-
lief.
In testimony whereof I have hereunto set ray hand and
affixed my seal notarial this 6th day of April, in the year
1860. NATHAN BROOKS, [l. s.]
Notary Public.
Mr. MASON. I did not hear whether the Chair
had finally decided that a motion to reject took
precedence of a motion to refer.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
not.
Mr. MASON: With all respect to the Chair,
I presume that the decision is founded upon the
fact that the petition has already been received
and laid upon the table as a pending question, and
that a motion to reject would be equivalent to a
motion not to receive. I do not mean to appeal
at all from the decision of the Chair, or to ex-
press any opinion adverse to it; but .my desire
only was to maintain a proper precedent before
the Senate, and that decision would show thattho
petition had advanced too far to make the objec-
tion. 1 therefore withdraw any opposition to the
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts moves that this memorial, with the
accompanying papers, be referred to the Com-
mittee orf the Judiciary.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I think that I
ought not to listen to such a proposition a« has
been made by the Senator from Virginia, with ref-
erence to this petition, without one word in reply.
Here is a petition from a gentleman of perfect re-
spectability, charged.with no crime, presumed to
! be innocent, complaining of a gross outrage at the
]! hands of certain persons pretending to act in the
l] name of the Senate. The facts are set forth in
his petition. They are authenticated also by doc-
uments now of record. The Senator moves—
without any reference to a committee, without
giving the petition the decency of a hearing, ac-
cording to the ordinary forms of this body—that
it be "rejected;" and he does this with a view to
establish a precedent in such a case. I feel it my
duty to establish a precedent also in this case, by
entering my open, unequivocal protest against
such a suggestion. Sir, it was said in antiquity
j of one of the judges of bell, that he punished first
j and heard afterwards—castigatque auiltque—and
l! permit me to say the Senator from Virginia, on
'! this occasion, takes a px-ecedent from that court.
Mr. MASON. The Senator from Massachu-
setts,it seems to me, makes an opportunity to use
language in the Senate Chamber which, so faras
my intercourse with the world goes, is not usual
out of the Senate Chamber. There is nothing in
it that I have a right to take as personally offens-
ive to myself. The Senate is, the proper judge
and arbiter of the decorum of its own proceedings.
I have said that the Senator makes occasion, be-
cause he chose to reply in the language which he
. has used, to a motion which, for the reasons i
