m4
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLO*BE.
April 16,
stated—reasons purely of the regularity of pro-
ceedings—I had withdrawn. Sir, I can have 110
personal feeling in this matter, and, if I were to at-
tempt, I could not work myself into any personal
feeling connected with it—I mean, in the arrest of
this man.
My motion was simply, not that I would estab-
lish the precedent of the Senate, but to submit to
the Senate what precedent should be established.
I acquiesced very cheerfully in the decision of the
Chair, that it could not be done now, because of
the preceding decision of the Chair that the paper
had been received, and that therefore the motion
to reject would not be in order. My design was
not to prejudge in the slightest degree anything
connected with it; but the petitioner here alleges
that he has received injury, insult, and oppres-
sion at the hands of those who were deputed by
the Sergeant-at-Arms of the Senate, and asks the
Senate to inquire into it, and to redress his griev-
ance, so far as I comprehend the petition, and
declares that he had disobeyed the mandate of
the Senate, so that he might try the question in a
diffcrenttribunal. Thus lie was certainly, within
the legal meaning of the term, in contempt of
the authority of the Senate. He had appealed
to other tribunals; and to those tribunals, it would
seem to me, he should be left for redress, and not
to the Senate. .When the report comes from the
Committee on the Judiciary it will be full time
to ascertain whether the authority was properly
deputed, and, if there be an occasion for it, whether
it was properly exercised, and what was done.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Delaware that the hour
of one o'clock has arrived; and, at this hour, the
Chair must call up the special order.
Mr. BAYARD. Is this not a privileged mat-
tcr ^
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
not.
Mr. MASON. I hope, jf there is to be no ex-
tended debate, that we shall be allowed to dispose
of this question by general consent.
Mr. CrWIN. My colleague wishes to go on
with his remarks, and I sluill be greatly obliged
to the Senator from Delaware if Ik;- will yield.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not desire to speak at
any length, but to say a very few words.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the Senator from Delaware will pro-
. ceed.
Mr. BAYARD. The questions involved in the
returns, which have been already referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, am very grave ones,
and as to them I have no opinion to express. But
the question now presented is on a memorial,
which is offered from an individual who, however
respectable he may be, we nuis't know judicially
has been ordered to be arrested for a contempt of
the Senate. I understand the substance of the
memorial to be, that he complains that., in the ex-
ecution of that order, there was abusive excess of
power. If so, he has redress elsewhere. But I
go further. I have no doubt that if, in the exe-
cution of the order of the Senate, there was any
impropriety in the mode of executing it, and that
fact be shown to the Senate, so far as they have
power they will be desirous to redress the griev-
ance. Before, however, the party could appeal
to the Senate as to any abuse in the mode of ex-
ecuting the process—for that is what it comes to
—it seems Co me that the Senate, having dccided
that they have the power to arrest, and having
ordered the arrest after full consideration in an-
other case; having decided that they possess the
power to arrest this witness for not obeying the
summons of the Senate, he certainly is, according
to the meaning of any language deri ved from judi-
cial exposition, in con#mpt of the whole body,
und he has no right to ask us to hear any allega-
tion connected with the abusive or improper mode
in which the process was executed, until he purges
that contempt by appearing before the committee,
in pursuance of the mandate of the Senate. If he
does that, then, so far as he has suffered any
grievance in the mode of execution, I think we
are bound to remedy it to the extent of our power;
but until he does it, 1 do not think we can, with
proper respect for our own decisions, entertain
his memorial. I shall, therefore, move—not to re-
ject it, because that, under the decision of the
Chair, is not competent; but, with a view to ar-
rive at the determination of the Senate, I move to
lay the memorial on the table.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I trust the Senator from
Delaware will withdraw that motion for the pres-
ent.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not desire to prevent the
honorable Senator from saying anything. My
object is to lay it on the table only until the wit-
ness purges himself of contempt—not longer. I,
however, withdraw the motion for the present.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senate agrees, to this
motion, it involves a decision of the body that it
will not hear this person until he has purged him-
self of the contempt of which he has been guilty
in not answering the summons of the Senate; and
I think it is too important a measure to be decided
on a mere motion to lay upon the table. I was
not disposed at all to enter into this discussion,
and was in hopes the vote would have betn taken,
and the memorial referred without debate; but as
this motion is made—and made, as stated, with a
view of testing the sense of the Senate—I trust it
will not be thus summarily disposed of.
I have sustained the power of the Senate. 1
believe the Senate has authority to summon wit-
nesses ; I have no difficulty about that, and I have
so voted; but I have voted so because I did not
believe that the Senate was instituting a judicial
proceeding; and therefore I thought the whole
argument which was read here was not to the
point. The Senate has not instituted a judicial
investigation. I admit it cannot do that, except
by way of impeachment; but it may institute an
inquiry for legislative purposes, and may summon
witnesses.
Now, it is sought to liken the conduct of this
witness to the proceedings in court, where a wit-
ness is in contempt. I do not believe we should
be governed here by any such narrow views at
all. If the officers of this body, in the execution
of its process, have actcd arbitrarily and abusively,
I think it is the duty of the Senate to see to it. I
do not say that they havo^but these are our offi-
cers, sent out to execute the process of the Senate;
and the petitioner states that they came to his
house at night, between nine and ten o'clock; that
they arrested him in his house; refused to read to
him the warrant; put handcuffs upon him. If his
statement bo true, it was a very great outrage,
not to be justified for a moment. I know that
the return of the officer contradicts this. There
is a question of fact about that. I am willing to
hear the petitioner, and it is not because I felt that
the dignity of the Senate was'offended.
Mr. SUMNER. My friend Will allow me to
intcrr.ipt him one moment. I do not understand
that the return of the officer contradicts that, but
confirms it%
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand the return of
the officer to state that he read the warrant to Mr.
Sanborn in the house; and I understand Mr. San-
born to say that he did not read it to him. I have
not examined the papers; I only listened to their
reading. I may be mistaken.
Mr. BROWN. The return, 1 think,.does not
state that the warrant was read, but that the officer
commenced reading it, when Mr. Sanborn himself
interposed and interrupted it by an exclamation.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I listened somewhat at-
tentivelyto the readingof these papers. TheSen-
ator from Virginia probably will know whether
I am correct about this point. I understood the
return of the officer to state that ho did inform Mr.
Sanborn that he was arresting him by authority
of the Senate of the United States, and that he
read to him the warrant in the house.
Mr. MASON. I do not profess any very exact
recollection of the contents of the paper; but since
it has been read from the Clerk's tabic, my recol-
! lection of it is, that when the officer got into the
t house,-he informed Sanborn that he was there to
j arrest himbya warrantfrom the Senate,and that
; he commenced reading the paper, when Sanborn
directed a lady, who the officer understood was
his sister, to go and call a certain person, whose
' name he did not hear; and she went out crying
i " Murder !" and then the disturbance began.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let that part of the re-
turn be read, and that will settle it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let it be read.
jj Mr. GWIN. Allow me to say to the Senator
■ from Illinois that my colleague is here prepared to
j! make a speech, and after he concludes the subject
1! can come up again.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will not take up the time
of the Senate to interfere with the Senator from
California. As a matter of courtesy to him, I
would certainly give way; but I was in hopes that
this subject would be disposed of in a few min-
utes. I shall probably not occupy the attention
of the Senate for five minutes.
Mr. BAYARD. Allow me to suggest that it be
laid on the table forthe present without any vote,
and it can be called ujj to-morrow morning.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If that is agreeable to Sen-
ators generally, I am satisfied, but I should like
to hear the Clerk read again that part of the return
about which there has been some controversy.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection the Secretary will again read that part of
the return which is referred to.
The Secretary read the portion of the return
relative to what took place in Mr. Sanborn's
house.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If it is the general wish of
the Senate that we should not dispose of this sub-
ject now, very well; and if there is to be further
discussion perhaps we had better not try to dis-
pose of it at present; but I do not design occupy-
ing time. Perhaps we can get a vote.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not wish to interfere with
the Senator from California. If this memorial be
laid on the table now, it can be called up to-
morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to Senators that if the matter be left without
any motion it will come up to-morrow morning.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am willing that it should
lie without any motion, and let the order of the
day come up.
Mr. SUMNER. Before that is done, I wish to
say one word in reply to the Senator from Vir-
ginia.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the Senator from Massachusetts can pro-
ceed.
Mr. SUMNER. Only one word. I presented
a petition to this body, setting forih an outrage.
The Senator from Virginia moved its rejection.
I characterized that rejection as I thought I was
authorized to do, and 1 referred to a precedent in
antiquity, and that was all; and that is the occa-
sion for a lecture from the Senator to me as to the
manner in which one should conduct on this floor.
Prom the heights of his self-confidence, he ad-
dresses me. Sir, I wish to say simply in reply,
that when an outrage comes before this body 1
shall denounce it in plain terms; and if a prece-
dent from a very bad place should seem to be in
point, I shall not hesitate to quote it.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, I am not going
to continue such a discussion as this. The Sen-
ator said that Rhadamanthus, the judge of hell,
had handed himself down to posterity as the judge
who first punished and then heard—castigatqtic
auditque; "and," said he, "the Senator from
Virginia has taken that precedent." 1 did not un-
dertake to lecturc that Senator, of all others, upon
the subject of manners or propriety. I do not
mean it offensively, but, for my own convenience,
I should consider it time thrown away. All that
I said was, that I was not accustomed, i(i iny in-
tercourse with the world outside of this Chamber,
to hear language of that sort in the circles in which
I move.
PROPERTY IN TERRITORIES.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
now call up the special order. Upon the motion
of the Senator from California, [Mr. Latham,] the
resolutions of the Senator from Mississippi [Mr.
Brown] were postponed to, and made the special
order for, one o'clock to-day; but the bill in ref-
erence to the Florida claims was an older special
order, and set for the same hour; consequently,
it has precedence without some motion.
Mr. BROWN. By unanimous consent, I hope
the Senator from California will be allowed to
speak.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the Chair will lay aside the older special
order and call up the resolutions of the Senator
from Mississippi, on which the Senator from Cal-
ifornia has the floor.
Mr. BROWN. I desire to say,before my friend
commences, that at the conclusion of his speech
I shall ask for a vote on these resolutions.
Mr. LATHAM. Mr. President, it is now
nearly eighty-four years since this great country,
