THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6.
That was not this claim. They were author-
ized to make final decisions where tracts not ex-
ceeding a league square were claimed.
Mr. PUGi-I. The quantity of acres in aleague
square.
Mr. BENJAMIN. This is it, " where a claim
is made by any person" " fora tract not exceed-
ing the quantity of acres in a league square."
That was not our claim. Our claim was for a
tract vastly exceeding a league square; and there-
fore it could not, under this section of the act,
and never could have been, that I am aware of,
since patented and confirmed.
Mr. PXJGH. I think the Senator is mistaken.
I think the estimate from the Land Office is, that
the original Houmasgrant was fora less quantity
of land than a league square.
Mr. BENJAMIN. All that may be; but I
think, if the Senator will count up ninety-six ar-
pents in front, by forty in depth, with the open-
ing lines, this day, he will find it vastly more than
a league square.
Mr. PUGH. I can only rely on the measure-
ment of the surveyors; that is the way it was pre-
sented.
Mr. BENJAMIN. However, the claim pre-
sented was not the Houmas claim. Here again
the Senator made a mistake the other day. Me
said " why was not the claim presented first for a
front conccssion, and then for a back concession ?"
Now, in relation to the claim for a back conces-
sion,-the Senator makes this mistake: those back
concessions were claims which wore put before
Congress as being a right annexed to a front eon-
cession under the French and Spanish Govern-
ments, and Congress legislated in relation to that
supposed right of a front tract with a double con-
cession. But this is a grant; it is not a right de-
pending on custom to a double concession. It is
a grant. Now, it makes no difference in what-way
the grant was originally made in 1776; in 1803,
when Mr. Scott came forward and presented his
claim, he presented a claim to the land that he
had bought. What had he bought? He bought
so many arpents in front, with a depth to the lake.
It was only by carrying that claim back thirty
years that you decomposed it into three titles;
but the claim he put in was to one tract of land,
and it was one title he put before the board, and
it was only in that way that all these titles were
brought before the board. I have brought up
some of these old titles for the purpose of satis-
fying the Senator on that point. He will find that
they were all claimed together, the front and the
whole depth. The commissioners sometimes con-
firmed the whole depth, and sometimes confirmed
one half, and rejected the double depth, and then
the parties came back and claimed the double
depth again, and they made a second confirma-
tion of the double depth. It was constantly the
practice to confirm the whole depth when eighty
or one hundred arpents were claimed, or to con-
firm only to forty, and then reject the rest; but
they were alway put in in a single claim. You
cannot find a solitary claim in the whole of these
titles, running through three or four hundred
pages of the volume of the State Papers before
me, in any other way; so that the Senator's ob-
jection to the manner in which this title was put
before the commissioners was entirely unfounded.
He will not find any such case as he supposes it
ought to have been, before the commissioners in
the whole list. That was the construction given
to the law at the time.
Now, Mr. President, in relation to something
that fell from the Senator from Kentucky this
morning,and which he appealed to as being a tri-
umphant answer to the objections made. The Sen-
ator from Kentucky says this: " I do not know
whether you have a constitutional right or not to
repeal this law; but this I will Say: you passed a
resolution to suspend it." Now he says you have
the same constitutional right to repeal as to sus-
pend. I agree with him. He is only mistaken
when he says we overpassed a resolution to sus-
pend the law. We never did. 1 introduced that
resolution myself, for the benefit of those parties.
The resolution did not suspend the grant'of con-
firmation; because I had then the same perfect
and thorough conviction that I have now, that it
would be a usurpation of unconstitutional power
by Congress to attempt to repeal a grant. But
the condition of the case then was this: Congress
having confirmed the grant, the parties had ap-
plied to the land office to issue a patent, and the
squatters, through theiragents, came here with a
petition asking for a repeal of that law. We had
it up in the Committee on Private Land Claims,
when there were but a few days of the session
left. The proposition was made, what shall be
done ? There was no time to examine the subject-
matter, and a proposition was made to suspend
the law. To that my answer was made—the Sen-
ator from Missouri was in the committee then—
we cannot suspend the confirmation; that is fixed;
at least that is my opinion; but we can suspend
any action by our executive officers; and, so far
as that is concerned, let us leave these parties un-
trammeled by the action of the executive depart-
ment, and listen to them next year. I brought
in a resolution here, and made, myself, the mo-
tion for the suspension of the rules, so as to pre-
serve their rights, that the act of 1858 should be
so suspended as that no further action should be
taken under it by the executive officers until Con-
gress had a chance to look into it, so that if we
had a right to repeal it, we might reserve that
right by not issuing the patent; but if we had no
right to repeal it, the issuance of the patent would
make no difference; we could examine that at the
next session. We never did suspend the act of
1858. I proposed the resolution myself. We sus-
pended executive action under it. We suspended
the issue of the patent, that the parties might not
be armed with a patent to go and sue these squat-
ters, until Congress had a chance to look further
into the matter. That was done upon my mo-
tion, upon a suspension of the rules, for the pur-
pose of preventing the issue of the patent, if that
would do any good to the parties, which was all
that 1 saw we could do for them.
The honorable Senator from Maine, to-day, has
said that the legislation of 1858 was a surprise
upon Congress. A surprise in what sense ? Be-
cause he supposes nobody knew anything about
it except the Senator who introduced it. My col-
league, in the opening of this debate, took the
trouble to look at the-old dates, and he showed
to the Senate that when this act was originally
proposed, it was a proposition for the confirma-
tion of certain claims in Missouri. It certainly
was perfectly germane to the bill to confirm Louis-
iana titles—the whole having been acquired under
the same treaty—being the same set of titles. A
report was made, with an amendment, to confirm
the whole of these Louisiana titles, because the
circuit judge had decided that the act of 181G did
not confirm the whole of that report, and it was
full time it should be confirmed. The reasons for
confirming the report wore put in a written argu-
ment and left upon the tables of Senators; but it
was the second session of a Congress, but a few
weeks of the session were left, and Congress ad-
journed without doing anything on it. We did
not attempt to take it up out of turn, or do any-
thing with it. The next session the same legis-
lation was proposed by the Senator from Mis-
souri, and the same report made over again, with
the same amendment. It remained here; it never
was called up out of its turn. The Senator says
it was not explained. It came up on objection
day, and no man asked for an explanation; no
objection was made.
Mr. POLK. The Senator will allow me to
state that I think he makes one mistake in dates.
I think that the legislation was not proposed twice;
but that at the same session at which the legisla-
tion that I proposed was brought forward, the
action was had.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Senator is mistaken.
There were two reports. I have had occasion to
examine it, and can produce the reports. First,
the Senator'sbill was brought forward at the close
of the second session of a Congress, and Congress
adjourned without doing anything on it; but a
report was made and printed. It was brought
forward at the next Congress, and a report was
again made and printed. It lay on the table un-
til it was reached m its order on objection day,
and it passed without objection. It'went to the
House of Representatives. In the House, the
chairman of the Committee on Private Land
Claims was a Representative from Louisiana.
He took it, and examined it. It has been since
stated publicly that he consulted his colleagues
about it. He adopted the report of the Senate
committee. It was called up by a Representativs
from Missouri, and passed there.
Now, it is stated that the title of the bill did not
state what it was. The title was as it was ori-
ginally given by the Senator from Missouri, who
introduced the bill. He introduced a bill to con-
firm certain land claims in Missouri. Everybody
knows that the title of a bill is never changed un-
til it is passed. Is not that the very last step
taken ? If the bill passes, and there are any ad-
ditional provisions in the bill, then a suggestion
is frequently made from the Chair that the title
be changed to correspond with the bill. There-
fore, there is nothing in the suggestion that the
attention of Congress was not called to it by the
title. This I know, that the report was examined
by a Representative from Louisiana, who was
the chairman of the Committee on Private Land
Claims in the House, and adopted by him.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I desiie to ask the Sena-
tor a question as to his logic. I stated that the
title did not give notice of what the bill contained.
The Senator answers, by saying that that was
because the original bill had not this thing in it.
Does that prove that there was notice ? My ob-
jection was, that it did not give any notice.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The notice is given when
the motion is made to change the title. -
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well. Does that
change the fact which I stated, that it gave no no-
tice? My objection was, that the title of the bill
gave no notice. I do not see how the Senator
proves that notice was given by showing that it
was owing to a particular fact that I do not dis-
pute.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Then I do not not under-
stand the point of the gentleman's remark.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The point of my remark
is this: that no notice was actually given by the
title of the bill; and therefore Congress did not
know, from the title, what was being done. I
make no imputation on anybody. I say nothing
about any design. 1 state the fact; and, showing
that the fact exists, and giving the reason for the
fact, docs not controvert the fact, I take it, by
any process of logic that I know.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am, even now, at a loss
to understand the Senator from Maine. There
must be something in what he says that I do not
understand.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It must be, then, because
the Senator is looking one way, while I am look-
ing another.
Mr. BENJAMIN. That is very possible.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The point I made (if the
Senator will permit mo to repeat it) was, that
there was nothing in the title of the bill to notify
Congress of this particular clause in relation to
Louisiana's title. Am I right about that?
Mr. BENJAMIN. That is so.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Why, then, does the
Senator think it necessary, instead of admitting
the fact, to state that it was owing to another fact,
which was that this clause about the Louisiana
titles was not in the original bill ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I thought it necessary to
state it, for the purpose of showing that there <vas
no ground for saying that there was surprise in
this case, because it is the usual method in which
bills are passed; anil, therefore, it would be no
more proper to call this surprise than any other
bill that passes every day changing the title after
the bill is passed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. With great deference to
the Senator's logic, I do not see how Showing that
Congress was surprised in other cases shows that
it was not surprised in this.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The question of surprise
can only exist when a thing is done in an unusual
manner. When business is conducted in the
usual manner, it is not called surprise; and, there-
fore, when the Senator said there was surprise in
the mode of legislation, 1 took it for granted he
meant there was something not usual; because
that which is usual does not surprise anybody.
Hence, I pointed attention to the fact that the
mode of legislation was the usual mode. Thatis
all I have to say on that subject.
Now, -Mr. President, I am very sorry to havo
detained the Senate at thia length, but 1 felt very
desirous, if a vote was to be taken on this bill,
that the facts should be here. As regards the
result of this discussion, I have only to say that
1 believe it must, under all circumstances, end in
naught; no bill you can pass can, under the de-
cisions of the Supreme Court, divest the title of
