282
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 2,
36th Cong 1st Sess. The. Political Crisis—The Danger and the Remedy—Mr. English.
Ho. oi? Reps.
the present crisis, and to ridicule the idea that
anything disastrous to the country is likely to re-
sult from it. Those who do this are generally
guilty themselves of producing the agitation in
•which the country is unhappily involved, and
seem to care for nothing so much as the accom-
plishment of mere partisan ends.
I trust the great mass of the people, who are
chiefly engaged in the peaceful avocations of pri-
vate life, and whose attention has not been partic-
ularly directed to public affairs, will not allow
themselves to be lulled into a false feeling of se-
cnrity. I would appeal to my constituents not to
judge of the temper of the nation by what they
see around them; for Indiana is a conservative
State, and free from the extreme views which un-
fortunately exist in other portions of the Con-
federacy. I would have them know that it is the
opinion of many of their oldest and wisest states-
men—those who have been looked up to hereto-
fore as possessing the coolest heads and soundest
hearts—that the signs of the times forebode greater
danger to the country than at any previous period
of its history. Sectional jealousies, difficulties,
and perplexities surround it oil every side; fanat-
icism and ultraism are the order of the day', whilst
treason and rebellion stalk boldly through the
land. And why is it so? Is it not because we
have forgotten the teachings of the fathers of the
Republic, and disregarded the farewell advice of
the great Washington? Is it not because we have
allowed a formidable party to grow up in our
midst, based upon purely sectional ideas, and con-
stantly tending to excite the hostility of the peo-
ple of the North against the people of the South,
and their institutions ? My judgment answers in
the affirmative, and 1 believe the peace and pros-
perity of the country demand that this sectional
party should be put down. Yea, the very per-
petuity of our institutions demands it, for if these
sectional clashinsrs are allowed to go on, unre-
bukedby the people, it requires no gift of proph-
ecy to determine what will be the final result. We
may temporize, and put off the evil day for a sea-
son, but the terrible explosion will come, sooner
or later, if this fell spirit of sectional strife con-
tinues.
To avert so dire a calamity, we should not only
defeat, but annihilate this Republican party; a
party which lives, and breathes, and has its being
in the agitation of the slavery question, and could
not exist a day without it. When that is done,
and not before, we, may expect harmony and good
feeling to be restored between the two sections,
and the country to have peace.
The ties that bind our nation together must be
those of mutual interest, respect, ami affection.
Tli is Union cannot be held together by force; and
if so held, would eease to be desirable. In some
respects it is iike the union of husband and wife;
ami what would that most sacred of all human
relations be, if the parties were only kept together
i by the compulsion of law, and not by the tics of
  mutual respect and affection? So it is with our
Government. It is not for armies and navies to
protect it from ourselves; It must rest upon the
love and forbearance of the people; and when
these cease, though it may existfor awhile, must
we not expect it to languish, and ultimately
pei ish ?
This way of getting up periodical sectional ex-
citements, at the instigation of crazy fanatics and
unscrupulous demagogues, hungry and wild in
the pursuit of office and political power; this way
ot experimenting to see how near the country can
be brought to the precipice of disunion without
going over, wilt, if persisted in, prove disastrous
in the end.
The whirlwind is the harvest ever duo those
who sow the wind, and, I repeat, if this sectional
hostility goes on, increasing m bitterness and
intensity, as it certainly will if not promptly
and thoroughly crushed out by the people, the
historian probably now lives whose melancholy
duty it will be to record the downfall of the great
American Republic. These gloomy forebodings,
I trust in God, will never be realized; but still
every reflecting and unprejudiced man feels, in
his heart, that they are not wholly without founda-
tion.
Sir, if our Government is worth preserving; it is
worth taking painato preserve. The eyes of the
whole civilized world are turned to it as the last
great effort of man to govern himself. Its failure
would blast the hopes of the lovers of liberal in-
stitutions everywhere, and I feel would be the
greatest calamity that could possibly be visited
upon my countrymen. Living upon the borders
of a border State, my constituents would be
amongst the first to suffer, should hostilities un-
fortunately occur between the two sections.
As to a peaceful dissolution of the Union, or
the maintenance of peace within the Union, with
the guarantees of the Constitution flagrantly
violated by this sectional party, that would be
entirely out of the question. The American is
essentially a restless, resentful, and belligerent
race; and if the dreadful event of actual collision
between the two sections should ever occur—
which God forbid !—it will be followed by a war
as bloody and relentless as was ever recorded
in the annals of time'. Good men and patriots
everywhere should consider, in time, what ought
to be done to protect the rights of every section,
and to restore and-maintain friendship and har-
mony. Washington told us to frown upon the
first dawning of any attempt to excite sectional an-
imosities; and had his warning voice been heeded,
there would have been no Republican party now,
and none of the dangers which surround us. Blot
out that party, and abide in good faith by the
letter and spirit of the Constitution as our fathers
made it, and, my word for it, the country will go
on in prosperity and peace. In my opinion, all
the trouble may fairly be attributed to the exist-
ence of that party. It is purely a sectional, one-
idea party, and that one idea is the negro ! Take
away that, and the party ceascs to live. It has
been well said of some members of that party,
that they have " taken the negro to their bosoms
and lodged him ill their hearts, till they know
him from the sole of his splay foot to the top-
knot of his woolly head, and they have imbued
their minds and souls with the very quintessence
of negroism. And they do not know anything
else! Take t,hcm off from the subject of negro,
and they are know nothings. Separate them from
Sambo and Cuffee, and they tire as helpless as
the babes in the woods." A party composed of
such men could hardly fail to irritate and make
mischicf.
There are two classes engaged in getting up
and keeping up this slavery agitation. One class
is composed of those who are conscientious, and
act from principle alone; and although I feel sure
that their opinions are colored from looking only
upon one side of the picture, and consequently
arc often unfounded and dangerous, still I can,
and do, respect them; but there is another and
much larger class, who seize hold of this ques-
tion and appeal to the passions and prejudices of
the northern people, for the sake of getting into
office or accomplishing mere party ends, and not
from conscientious convictions upon the subject
of slavery, and this class, I conceive, are entitled
to but little, if any, respect. 1 am sorry to have
to say that I believe there are thousands now act-
ing with the Republicans for the reason they have
not patriotism enough in their hearts, or manliness
in their nature, to lift themselves above their old
prejudice and hatred of the Democratic party, and
not because they have any particular love for the
Republican doctrines.
1 do not wish to deal unfairly with the mem-
bers of that party; and I freely admit that a vast
number of them, and especially in my own re-
gion of country, are looking to political success
alone, and do not intend to aid in pushing this
sectional agitation to such an extreme as to en-
danger the Union or violate the constitutional
rights of the South; but they will generally stick
to their party for all that; and, as revolutions
never go backward, if that party should get into
power, the. boldest and most ultra will get the
lead, and the rest, with but few exceptions, will
gradually, but certainly, follow. That is the his-
tory,sir,of all such movements. Wilberforee and
the other British slavery agitators set out with
vehement assurances that their object was not to
abolish slavery where it then existed in the Brit-
ish islands, but only to prevent its further exten-
sion and to suppress the slave trade, and yet it
ended in total, and, as it has turned out, ruinous
emancipation. Upon this subject see the articlc
from the London Times, in the appendix to this
speech, (E.)
Sectional fanaticism is a growing evil, and like
the cancer in the human body, spreads until it
destroys the vitality of the whole system. I can
call to mind many persons who set out with mod-
erate anti-slavery views, who are now ardent ad-
vocates of abolition sentiments. The influence
and principles that could command but a handful
of votes for Biruey in 1844, now control, to a great
extent, the destinies of the Republican party.
The approach of fanaticism is always insidious.
Extreme views are. kept in the background, and
only the most plausible presented in the beginning.
The wedge must first gain an entrance before it
can be driven home. The demand-will advance
as the movement gathers strength, until at last
fanaticism will reign supreme. The ultra Aboli-
tionists understand this, and they are perfectly
satisfied that the complete ultimate triumph of
their views would result fiom the success of the
Republican party. No one understands this bet-
ter than the great leader of the ultra Abolitionists,
Wendell Phillips himself As long ago as the last
presidential canvass, he said the Republican party
"is the first sectional party ever organized in this
country. It does not know its own face, and it calls
itself national; but it is not national—it is sectional.
It is the North arrayed against the South." And
Wendell Phillips was right. If this Republican
party sets up any pretense to nationality, "if docs
not know its own face." It thinks it has got a white
face; but it is a mistake. There is no nationality,
about it. There arc, undoubtedly, various shades
ofsentimentin the party; but whether called Abo-
litionism, Free Soilism, Republicanism, or what
you will, it is all based upon the idea that slavery
is sinful; that the negro is the equal of the white
man, and ought to be clothed with the rights and
immunities of citizenship; and hence that there is
an " irrepressible conflict" between free and slave
States, which must go on until all become slave or
allfree. (SeeSeward's Rochester speech and Lin-
coln's speech at Freeport.) This idea is now the
corner-stone of Republican faith, the starting-point
of all their theories. Negro equality is the neces-
sary, logical, and inevitable sequence of their prin-
ciples. I do not mean to say that it is everywhere
proclaimed in theirplatforms or emblazoned upon
their banners; but the whole tendency of the prin-
ciples and acts of that party is to that result. Re-
publicans believe their "irrepressible conflict"
must go on until all the States become slave or all
free, and, of course, they are for the latter. Why
all free ? Is it not bccausc they think that the negro
slave is deprived of free and equal rights which
ought to be restored to him ? Is it not to clothe
him with those rights, and to elevate and equalize
him with the white race? Their doctrines mean
that, or they mean nothing. The conduct of that
party, wherever it is firmly established in power,
shows that to be its grand end and aim.
 I admit thata portion of the party attlie West,
and perhaps elsewhere, shrink from this idea of
negro equality; but they will come to it after a
while, if they remain members of the party. It is
a sickening dose to many Republicans in my own
State; but sickening and disgusting as it may be,
they will have to swallow it, or join a sounder and
more healthful political organization. I will not
say, in the language of their party's favorite au-
thor, (Helper,) that they are not "full and per-
fectly developed frogs, but only " tadpoles in
the advanced state of transformation;" but I will
say they too often figure as the mere tail to the
Republican kite—the tender of the Abolition loco-
motive—for without being the motive or control-
ling power of the concern, they tamely follow
wherever it chooses. It is of the action of the
party as a whole I propose to speak; and it is
my purpose to show, as far as I can, their true
position in each of the States on this subject of
negro equality; which term I, of course, use in
its political sense. I have taken some pains to
procure correct information on the subject; and
without pretending to entire accuracy, 1 think I
may safely claim to be so in all essential respects.
I believe an impartial examination of the theory
of Republican principles, the declarations of Re-
publican leaders, the acts of Republican legislators,
and the status of the negio m all the Republican
States, will satisfy any one that negro equality is
