1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
comprising an area larger than that ever swayed
by a republican Government on earth, was intro-
duced into the family of nations, filled with the
consciousness of future power, and encouraged
by the sympathies and applause of the civilized
world.
Our institutions were admirably adapted to the
spirit of tire age; they were the result of the prog-
ress of political ideas, the fruits of an advanced
civilization, and the experience of past centuries.
They breathed a higher appreciation of the dig-
nity of man than that which had been nurtured
by the superstition, cruelty, and injustice of the
feudal system; and embodied, perhaps for the first
time in the history of the world, the genius of hu-
manity in legislative forms.
We have, with a few trifling exceptions, en-
joyed uninterrupted peace, unbounded national
prosperity, and adegreeof success in ouragricul-
tural, manufacturing, and commercial pursuits,
which have made our country an object of emu-
lation and envy to those whom we have already
distanced in the race for wealth and power.
Millions of enterprising and energetic men from
foreign countries have flocked to our shores, to
share with us the blessings of our institutions and
laws; and we have become the exemplar of the
world's progress, to whom the oppressed and dis-
satisfied of all climes point with exultation as the
realization of their cherished hopes. Yet what
have we done, during all that time, in the most
advantageous position in which a nation has ever
been placed since the commencement' of the his-
torical period ? Have we originated any new ideas ?
Has our progress in political ethics and philoso-
phy kept pace with our immense material devel-
opment? I am afraid these questions must be an-
swered in the negative.
For nearly a century has the legislative mind of
this country spent its energies almost exclusively
in the consideration of a United States Bank, the
Tariff, and last, though not least, on the all-absorb-
ingandmost mischievous topic of negro slavery.
Every other idea seems to have been swallowed
up and annihilated by these three. Even our
achievements by land and by sea, the acquisition
of vast territories, and the formation of new
States, seem to have been little more than episodes
in our history, when compared to the agitation,
strife, and threats of dissolution produced by these
three unhallowed sisters.
The bank has fortunately received its quietus,
by the healthy and beneficent operation of the sub-
treasury; but the tariff, and more especially the
slavery question, continue to keep Congress and
the whole country in a state of feverish excite-
ment; not only interfering with and preventing
wholesome legislation on other and more conge-
nial topics, but embittering the feelings of the peo-
ple of different sections of our common country,
and endangering thereby our domestic peace.
The tariff and slavery questions have assumed a
purely sectional aspect, affecting, as it is believed,
the two great geographical divisions of the coun-
try very unequally, and appeaiingespecially to the
prejudices and superstitions, to the cupidity and
love of power of those who allow themselves to
be swayed by them.
The northern States, we are told, are manufac-
turing, and require a protective tariff, or, at least,
a "revenue tariff, with incidental protection;"
while the South, from the institution of negro
slavery, is necessarily devoted to agriculture, and,
for that reason, interested in the principle of free
trade.
On the other hand, negro slavery is, by many
northern politicians, considered an element of po-
litical power; which consideration, it may fairly
be presumed, has more to do with their conscien-
tious opposition to it than all the questionable phi-
lanthropy of their champions and deluded follow-
ers.
Every public measure, whether affecting our
foreign or domestic policy, has been turned and
twisted so as to answer the particular ends of
partisans for or against a protective tariff; and the
same holds, in a still greater degree, of all things
in regard to negro slavery.
These two questions have been made the lever
by which men are to be raised to political power
andinfluence. Allothers have become subordinate
to them, not even excepting those which involve
our national interests and our national honor.
And it is a remarkable fact, Mr. President, that
in the consideration of both these subjects the
widest scope has been afforded to selfish passions,
and the least to historical and philosophic in-
quiry.
Upon the 29th of last February, this body list-
ened to a speech from the honorable Senator from
New York, [Mr. Seward,] in which the "irre-
pressible conflict between free labor and labor
performed by negro slaves" was reiterated, and
if it may not have evolved new ideas, or thrown
new light upon the subject, it certainly presented
the question in an attractive form.
The Senator divided our Confederacy into "labor
States " and " capital States "—a division, no
doubt, very palatable to the Senator's Republican
followers, but incapable of conveying a distinct
idea, cither to the political economist or to the
student of history.
Sir, X do not know of a single modern State
which is not a "capital State" and a "labor
State" at the same time; and I am equally igno-
rant of the existence of a State where capital and
labor do not hold to each other, more or less, an-
tagonistical positions, except it be the slavehold-
ing States of the South, in which labor and capital
are associated in the same hands.
If capital, according to Adam Smith's teaching,
consists in the accumulated wages of labor, it is
very clear that the power of capital must increase
in proportion as the wages of labor diminish,
and that the interest of the capitalist, so far from
being parallel with that of the laborer, is, in fact,
opposed to it; as is abundantly proved by the
condition of the laboring man in the free States of
the North, and by the still more lamentable posi-
tion of the laboring classes of Europe, where cap-
ital is concentrated in fewer hands, and where it
had a longer time to operate and oppress the la-
borer than is the case in this country, with our
comparatively sparse population and immehse
fields of enterprise.
Let population increase, let labor become cheap,
disposeofourpublicdotnain, and diminish thereby
the avenues of wealth, and our " labor States" of
the North will bo far more absolutely under the
control of the capitalist than any portion of the
white population of the southern States of our
Confederacy, whom the Senator from New York
would stigmatize as " capital States."
Our democratic institutions may protect the free
laborer to a certain extent; but they cannot guard
and secure him against the invisible encroachments
of capital, and that silent working of competition
which in all countries has reduced the condition
of the laboring classes to one of almost hopeless
dependency on capital, terminating too often in
sickening hardship, if not in servitude.
With the organization of labor as it exists in
Europe and in our northern States, wages must
constantly approach a point threatening to the
physical well being, if not the absolute existence
of-the laborer; for the laborer must work to live,
while capital only employs him when his labor is
..remunerative, which is too often, in proportion as
wages are reduced, to the starvation point.
When no work is required to be done, the la-
borer is wholly deprived of the means of subsist-
ence, and has no longer any interest in the State
which has grown rich by his industry.
Sir, the political institutions of a country have
very little to do with the relative position of cap-
ital and labor; for the laboring classes, whether
manufacturing or agricultural, are no better off in
England, for example, than in India or China.^
Where labor and capital are divided there will
be competition for work, which is death to the
laborer, while it adds to the wealth and power of
the capitalist.
It is the relation of labor to capital which threat-
ens thepolitical status of every country in Europe,
which has given rise to the doctrine of the Social-
ists, and which requires the presence of standing
armies to secure domestic peace. The great prob-
lem of European government consists in finding
employment for the working classes, and at the
same time to raise their wages to a point sufficient
to sustain animal life.
And in tliis respect our northeastern States do
not materially differ from the States of Europe.
The difference, at this period, consists merely in
our greater demand for labor and our less abund-
ant supply.
In the face of these facts, which are patent and
'I familiar to every reflecting mind or impartial ob-
server, what Sophistry it is, with all deference •
to the Senator, to divide our States into "capital
States" and " labor States!"
No one in this Chamber- more thoroughly un-
derstands than he, with his cultivated intellect,
the unconquerable antagonism between capital and
labor; or appreciates more truly the instinctive
dread of the laboring classes to the influence and
grinding power of capital; and hence, it seems to
me, he has, for political effect alone, selected these
terms; applying the one indiscriminately to the
majority of his political opponents, and the other
to the majority of his political followers.
One would suppose, from his description of the
operation of labor in our northern States, that
they were either all inhabited by laborers, or that,
where capital and labor exist at the same time,
they shared alike the profits of their association.
The case, however, is widely different. Suppose
Mr. Lawrence, or Mr. Abbott, or Mr. anybody
else, establishes u cotton factory: ho w does he go to
work ? There are some three or four hundred men,
women, and children, all desirous of being em-
ployed, entering into copartnership with him;
pledging their time, labor,and health,to the pro-
motion of the common object.
There are, 111 addition, inspectors and foremen,
machinists and clerks, doing the same thing on
conditions a little more favorable to themselves.
And then comes Mr. Lawrence, Mr. Abbott, or
Mr. anybody else, who gives a piece of paper,
with his name written upon it, representing a cap-
ital of §50,000! For it is the peculiar faculty of
capital that it can be multiplied by credit, and that
a man worth §50,000 in cash may have credit, and
do business to the amount of millions; while the
laborer, for whom the Senator from New York
has such a particular regard, has but two hands,
which can earn him only so many meals, and
when these hands stop, by reason of remaining
unemployed, the meals stop also, and the func-
tions of the stomach with them.
When there is a diminished demand for manu-
factured goods, the manufacturer employs but •
half the number of men, women, and children,
or employs them only for a less number of hours,
while the cravings of their systems remain the
same, though the means of satisfying them are
reduced to one half.
The three or four hundred men, women, and
children, nevertheless,remain in the partnership;
and'if the building in which tlicy perfoi'm their
daily task does not tumble down on their heads,
they manage to live; and at the end of some
years, how do you suppose the profits of capital
and labor are divided ? If tftey have done a lucra-
tive business, they must, as one would suppose
from the Senator's remarks, have made some-
thing handsome by the operation. But the fact
is, the laborers have spent their wages in procuring
food and raiment, while Mr. Lawrence,Mr. Ab-
bott, orMr. anybody else, has become a million-
aire ! If the business was less profitable, or con-
nected with loss, then the probability is, the men,
women, and children have been worked but half
the time, and have been but half clothed and fed,
or they were entirely discharged; while the man
who has given his paper as his shareofthe risk,
obtains an extension, or settles with his credit-
ors for fifty cents on the dollar ! After the pres-
sure is thus removed, he commences with new
hands, or with the same hands, if they arc still
alivr, and capable of performing work. He may
succeed this time, but the workman remains as
poor as ho was when he started in business.
In the one case the paper man, the capitalist,
becomes rich; in the other, his creditors foot up
the loss; the laborer, in either case, remains de-
pendent on the capitalist. Such is the nature of
the association of capital and labor in the northern
States, and in all countries where free labor is
obliged to compete for wages.
The wages of labor are constantly tending to
the minimum of what will support life; and ii the
laborer, harassed and exhausted by the scanti-
ness and uncertainty of -his support, dies, he is
quickly replaced by another, who runs the same
career of poverty and want. _ _
And now, Senators, how are these things m the
southern slaveholding States? There the owner
of the slave is undoubtedly the capitalist, but his
property consists in the labor force of the coun-
try, and it is a labor force which must conse-
quently be taken care of, whether employed or not;
