THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
? * V*
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGKESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. BIVES, WASHINGTON, D. 0.
Thirty-Sixth Congress* 1st Session.
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 1860.
New Series No. 45.
reform; one that will be highly beneficial to the
whole country. God knows 1 do not wish to
withhold from the contractors for one moment a
dollar which is due them. I heartily and sincerely
wish it paid; but iri doing that, I think it is emi-
nently proper at this time that we should do a
little more than pay them. If, under their con-
tracts, they carry the mails for the amount they
have now stipulated, I propose to relieve them
from a great deal of service; I do not want their
mail bags to be loaded down with these worthless
documents. I call them worthless, for I am con-
fident that a large number of them are so. If Con-
gress chooses to order a document to be printed
for the use of the country, I would ask you, if it
is one of value, is it not worth the small pittance
of postage that is now chaigcd on printed matter?
It certainly is. Nothing could indicate more
clearly to my mind the utter worthlessness of a
documentor a book,than that a gentleman's con-
stituents would not be willing to pay the trifling
amount of postage that is now assessed on it. If
he has it given to him, and is not willing to pay
the postage, that clearly indicates that it is utterly
worthless. I have no idea that this extra print-
ing ever would have existed to the extent it docs,
or perhaps to any extent, but for the exercise of
this franking privilege in sending documen ts broad-
cast over the land. Distinguished gentlemen at
the head of the Post Office Department have for
years urged Congress to reform this abuse. The
country demands that this evil be corrected. 1
trust the Senate will this day oerform its part of
the work.
Mr. HALE. I am a little embarrassed in de-
ciding what vote to give on this amendment, from
the position in which it is placed. For myself,
personally, I desire an abolition of the frank-
ing privilege. It would be a great relief to me.
Whetherthesedocuments are to be printed or not,
it would be a great relief to me if you abolish the
franking privilege, and I should desire it to bo
done; but I do not know how it would be received
by the people. It is manifest that the Post Office
Department is greatly embarrassed, and that there
is some fault somewhere, and it seems that the
franking privilege has been pitched upon as the
pack-horse upon which all its disorders and defi-
ciencies are to be saddled. I admit that they are
very great in this respect; but it is idle, and worse
than useless, to undertake to seek for a remedy for
nil these things in the abolition of the franking
privilege. In 1845, the Congress of the United
States undertook to apply a remedy to some of
the evils that had found their way into the Post
Office Department; and on the 3d of March, 1845,
they made it the duty of the Postmaster General—
I read the very words of the act—
11 In all future lotting^ of contracts for the transportation
of the mails, to let tlie same in every case to the lowest bid-
der tendering sufheient guarantees tor taithtul performance,
without other rclerence to the mode of f>ucli transportation
than may be necessary to provide tor the due celerity, cer-
tainty, and security of such transportation."
The Post Office Department, as you will see
from the report of the Postmaster General, made
to the next Congress subsequent to the passage
of that act, deliberately concluded to disregard
and disobey this law; and they did it. Congress
passed a law, and the Department refused to carry
it out, and went on so until 1858, a period of
thirteen years; and then the Postmaster General,
finding that the malfeasance of the Department
was sinking its revenues to the amount of
$1,000,000 annually, came forward and asked
Congress to pass an act to explain that. That
is, here was an act that said that the Postmaster
General, in alllcttings, should let, " in every case,
to the lowest bidder, without other reference to
the mode of such transportation than may be
necessary to provide for the due celerity, cer-
tainty, and security of such transportation;'' and
for the purpose of favoritism, and nothing else,
for the purpose of favoring the transportation of
passengers by four-horse post-coaches, where
the demands of the service would not warrant
them, and where the postage would not support
45
them, the Postmaster General sunk his revenue
$1,000,000 annually; and theji, instead of reform-
ing the abuse, he came forward and asked Con-
gress to tell him what that law meant, and to pass
an act explanatory of it. He had gone on ad-
vertising, m the face of this law, for service by
four-horse coaches, though the law expressly
said he should do no such thing; and having done
it for thirteen years, and run the revenue down
$1,000,000 by it, he comes forward and asks Con-
gress to pass an explanatory act, and tells them,
if this were done, and the law were adhered to,
in his administration there could be $1,000,000
saved. I read from his report:
" If the whole transportation of the mails were thus ar-
ranged, by means of what is commonly called and known
as star bids"— *
That is, bids without any reference to the mode
of transportation—
"it would accomplish a ieduction in the transportation
account, of probably a million dollais per annum."
I believe ^that Congress did condescend to tell
the Postmaster General what they meant, and I
suppose that since that explanatory act the law,
in this respect, has been adhered to by the Depart-
ment. Now, sir, there is another difficulty, and
it is a difficulty that is not to be remedied by any
such acts as this. Your Post Office is miserably
inefficient, and it does not carry the correspond-
ence of the country. Why ? Because the express
companies carry it more rapidly, more safely, and
more economically for the service rendered, and
I venture to say that they carry now more than
half the correspondence between the large cities.
It is taken out of your conveyance, and you are
cheated out of revenue by your own inefficiency
and want of proper management of the mails.
Besides, the interests of society have found other
modes of communication; and 1 think that we shall
have to examine the subject which the honorable
Senator from California intimated that he was
going to bring to the attention of Congress; and 1
hope he will do it, and I hope he will do it soon, and
that is, to institute an inquiry whether this whole
system had not better be abandoned, and whether
the Government should undertake to do the busi-
ness of transporting the letters of the community,
whilst they give up the transportation of merchan-
dise andeverythingel.se to the people. The express
companies of thin country, that are now in oper-
ation all over the land, carry packages and letters
and everything else, with more rapidity and more
safety than your Post Office docs. Then, there is
the telegraph, which is another great medium of
communication, and which is taking the place, in
a great degree, of communications by mail. That
is entirely managed by private enterprise, and it
is a very singular fact, and a fact that speaks vol-
umes for the integrity of the great mass of the peo-
ple, that while complaints are being made daily-
and your mail agents are sent scouring the coun,
try from one end of it to the other, to prosecute
delinquent and defaulting and corrupt and dis-
honest postmasters, I have yet to find the first in-
stance on record, where the fidelity of any tele-
graph operator has been called m question. Itis
a system managed entirely by private enterprise,
and managed with such strict fidelity to those who
resort to it, that I have yet to hear of the first com-
plaint of a breach Of confidence or a want of fidel-
ity in them.
Again, there is a great deal in the suggestion of
an honorable Senator from Mississippi the other
day, to make the revenues of this Department
subject to the draft of the Postmaster General, as
they used to be, and then make the establishment
of new post roads, and putting mails upon them,
a matter to be governed by his discretion,looking
to the revenues, the capacity, and the financial
condition of the Department. Do that, and con-
fine your Post Office to what it ought to be; do
not undertake to do what the Senator from Geor-
gia said, at the last session, had been undertaken.
He said that the late Postmaster General under-
took, in addition to transporting intelligence by
letter, to transport civilization in his mail-bags;
and the result of that was, that great mail routes
were established over wildernesses where nobody
resided, at an immense cost, where there was no- %
body to be accommodated.
Again, there is another'very material difficulty
in this matter, and that is in relation to the rail-
roads. By law, every railroad, as soon as it is
opened, is made a post road, and you have no
control over them. They are State creatures,
State corporations, subject to State control, and
you are powerless to manage them; but you are
obliged to give them the carrying of the mail at
almost any price they may be inclined to ask/
Here, from this capital, down through.Philadel-
phia and New York to Boston, the arrangement
for the mail service is the most inconvenient that
could possibly be mad«. I have appealed again
and again to the Postmaster General for some
remedy in this matter, and he tells us we arc ut-
terly powerless; we can do nothing, we have no
power. These railroad companies start their trains
when they please, and as they please; and we have
to put up with just cxactly such accommodations
as they choose to give us, and pretty much at
their price. There is a great error there, and it
requires a very comprehensive, and, if you will
excuse me for saying so, a philosophic view of
this matter, to adjust such a system as the country
demands.
1 do not say this for the purpose of avoiding a
vote on this proposition to abolish the franking
privilege. The Administration ask it, and I think
1 shall give it to them. I shall be glad to be re-
lieved of it; but when I say that, and then decline
to vote for this amendment, I know I shall be
subject to the imputation that was thrown out the
other day by the Senator from Geoigia, who does
not seem to think there is an honest man in the
Senate who does not agree with him. He says
that those who are honestly for it, will vote for it
upon this bill. I differ with that Senator in this.
He says that the creditors for whose relief this
bill is, stand exactly in the same position that all
other public creditors do. Not so. The creditors
to whom these $5,000,000 are due, occupy a pe-
culiar position, and a very different one from that
of the great mass of the public creditors, because
by the existing law the service was rendered, and,
according to the regular practice of the Govern-
ment, from its commencement up to last year, the
appropriation would have been made, and they
would have been paid a year ago. Congress failed
to make the appropriation at that time, and put
this class of public creditors in a different situa-
tion from any other class, and I think upon that
account they are entitled to peculiar consideration.
Now, sir, admitting the force of everything that
has been suggested by the honorable Senator from
Kentucky, I ask if it is fair, if it is magnanimous,
nay, if it is just to bring this great controversy of
the abolition of the franking privilege up, and
have a contest between the two Houses, over the
backs of these public creditors, who, more than
twelvemonths ago, ought to have received their
due? Is there anything that is germane to the
question of paying a public creditor his honest
debt, in the consideration of this great matter of
public policy, which comes in here in the shape of
a proviso? We substantially say to these cred-
itors " We will pay you what we owe you, pro-
vided you will use your influence with your friends
in the other House, and get them to_ agree with
us in the abolition of the franking privilege." I
have no great feeling on the subject. I do not be-
lieve that when you get the frankmgprivilege abol-
ished, it will do half or quarter the good yoif think
it will; but, as the Department ask it, I am will-
ing to give it'to them, and I do not ask that it may
be put on a separate bill. I am willing to vote for
it; and I will vote for it upon the general appro-
priation bill. I am willing to vote for it almost
anywhere except here.
About these contractors, let me say this: I do
not know one of them m my own State* to whom
a dollar is due, who is asking for it. If there be
public creditors of this sort in the State which I
have the honor, in part, to represent, and I sup-
pose there are, I will do them the credit to say
