706
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
thai they have not to me, by word or by letter,
said a single syllable, and I do not know one of
them. I do know some gentlemen who are inter-
ested in this matter, but they are from the extreme
South. But, sir, in this matter, if I may be al-
lowed to use the quotation of an illustrious man
—1 do hot know but that the subject is too trifling
oh which to mention such a grave quotation, but
I will give it—" I know no North and no South."
I am willing to pay the public creditor, and to pay
him fairly, honestly, and squarely; and I am un-
willing to throw any impediment in his way. I
appeal to Senators, and i ask them if it is fair to
make it a condition precedent of paying these gen-
tlemen their honest dues, that the franking privi-
lege shall be abolished ?
As I said before, I have no great professions to
make about the franking privilege; I do not care
& straw about it; I would rather give it up than
not; I would be willing to be taxed a little to be
relieved from it; but I have very great doubt
whether the people will be satisfied with its abo-
lition. I think they look tipon it as their privi-
lege, rather than ours; but if it is looked upon as
ono of our privileges, it is one that I am willing
to surrender, and to surrender at once, and with-
out hesitation; and I will vote for it, if the Ad-
ministration ask it, on any proper bill; but 1 de-
clare, that I do not, with my views of justice, think
it is fair to make it a condition precedent to the
payment of an honest debt.
Mr. GREEN. Mr. President, I think the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire is very clearly right.
I do not think this is the appropriate place for the
amendment; but if other amendments are put on,
so as to force the necessity of having the bill con-
sidered again in the House of Representatives, I
shall vote for this, because I am in favor of abol-
ishing the franking privilege. I am prepared, and
anxious, to vote down every amendment, and al-
low these creditors to have their money.
Mr. BROWN. Amendments have already been
put in.
Mr. GREEN. I am aware of that, but they
have not yet passed the Senate. Wc are now in
Committee of the Whole. If there can be an agree-
ment that wc shall vote down all amendments, I
will vote down this also; but if any amendments
be put in, so that the bill must go back to the
House of Representatives, and there be again con-
. sidercd, let us put on just such amendments as
we think the public service and the wants of the
country demand. We have no right to assume
that the House will disagree with the Senate.
This is a new House, just organized, and I be-
lieve they will agree with the Senate in many
things; but I do not think this is the appropriate
place for the amendment.
Mr. GWIN. Mr. President, one of the main
reasons that I have for voting for this amendment
is, that if it is put on this bill, in my opinion, it
will pass through both Houses of Congress. I
am in favor of abolishing the franking privilege.
I do not choose at this time to comment on the re-
port of the Postmaster General, and give my opin-
ion in regard to it; but I want to put the Post
Office Department in such a condition that it can
extend mail facilities to the country and to all
portions of it. The Postmaster General, in his
report, has stated to us that by the abolition of
the franking privilege, the revenues of the Depart-
ment will be increased $1,800,000 a year. I am
willing to make it a self-sustainingDepartmentif
it can be done in justice to the country, and all
sections of it. The principal object I have in view
in voting for this amendment here is to get clear
of the franking privilege, in order that we may es-
tablish overland communications to the Pacific.
One of the great objections to the present overland
route to that portion of the Confederacy, arises
from t|ie fact that the overland mails cannot carry
the heavy matter that goes through the mails
franked. If we can pass this measure now, be-
fore legislation commences, we can get clear of a
great difficulty in establishing our overland com-
munications. I want to dispense entirely with the
ocean mail service to the Pacific coast, and let all
our mails be carried by the overland routes in our
own territory; and until we get clear of the matter
that has been heretofore franked and sent to that
portion of the Confederacy, as well as to others, -
it will continue to be a great obstacle to the estab-
lishment of these overland routes. That is the
reason why I want to pass it now. I want to sue
if the Department can be put in a condition to give
us mail facilities, and I want to ascertain that at
an early day; for, if it cannot, I am in favor of
abolishing the Department entirely, and I shall
certainly bring the subject before the Senate at an
early day. If we cannot have some assurance of
early legislation, bv which the mail facilities of
some sections of the country shall be extended
throughout the Confederacy—if we cannot do it,
let ife carry our letters as we carry everything
else.
Mr. GREEN. I desire to make a privileged
motion, to reconsider the vote by which the Sen-
ate yesterday refused to strike out the proviso to
this amendment.
Mr. SIMMONS. I was going to offer an
amendment to it; but if it is to be stricken out, I
shall not do so.
Mr. GREEN. I move to reconsider the vote
refusing to strike out the proviso.
Mr. SIMMONS. Did the Senator vote in the
affirmative ?
Mr. QREEN. I voted with the majority—
against striking it out.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Let it be read.
The Secretary read the proviso, as follows:
Provided, All persons now authorized bylaw to frank,
by indorsing their names and designation by which the
right is conferred upon them, on all matter mailed by them,
shall be exempt fiom the prepayment of postage, but the
postage on such mail matter shall be due and payable by the
persoii or persons to whom the same may be directed, at the
point of destination#
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright
in the chair.) The Senator from Missouri moves
to reconsider the vote by which the Senate refused
to strike out that proviso.
Mr. GREEN. That proviso is a qualification,
or' in other words, a substitution of something
else in place of the franking privilege. The pre-
ceding part of the section abolishes the franking
privilege, and this substitutes a new mode for the
transmission of mail matter, leaving it to be paid
by the recipients, while the general law is that all
mail matter must be prepaid. I prefer to leave it
with a naked prohibition to franking. If we touch
the subject at all, make it the duty of every one
who sends his letter to prepay it, whether he be
a member of Congress or anybody else.
Mr. STMMONS. I think the Senator from
Missouri is mistaken about printed matter being
prepaid.
Mr. GREEN. I do not mean printed matter,
but letters.
Mr. SIMMONS. I shall oppose striking this
proviso out, if it will leave it so that printed mat-
ter can be carried without being prepaid.
Mr. GREEN. That will be done under the
general law as it now is.
Mr. SIMMONS. I was about to propose an
amendment to let letters sent by members of Con-
gress come underthis proviso, but providing that
all printed matter directed by them should be pre-
paid, so as not to load the mails down with doc-
uments and speeches, and have all -the service
performed, and then never have them reach their
destination, unless to a particular class of people
who are in favor with the postmasters. I do not
know but that it would tie better to perfect the
proposition before voting 011 the motion to strike
out. I shall vote to strike it all out, for the rea-
son that it is an improper place to put the amend-
ment; but I think it would be well to amend the
amendment, and get it so that, if it does pass, it
may do some good. I believe that this proposi- !
tion, as it now stands, will result in the carrying i
of documents the coming year, and the postmas- !
ters will distribute the documents from one side of ■
this Chamber, and if the others get them, they :
will have to pay the postage. That will be about !
the result. I believe the argument has been, that ,
it is perfectly proper for gentlemen heie, in reply- \
iilg to their correspondents, to frank their letters,
so that the postage wi'i be paid at the place of J
destination. Then the idea is, that the franking I
privilege, so far as it relates to manuscript mat- '
ter, is not objectionable at all. But, if it is to be
stricken out, I am ready to vote so as not to have
any franking whatever; but I desire to have this
proposition so amended that the printed matter
directed from here, or anywhere, by members of
Congress, shall be prepaid before it 1$ carried in
the mail. That will strike at the root of the evil;
and I believe if Senators are sincere in trying to
get rid of this immense burden, they will agree
to my proposition. I wish to move it before the
Senator from Missouri gets the proviso stricken
out. If the proviso be stricken out, it will still
remain that the mails will be loaded down with ,
the transportation of printed matter, and it will
depend on the postmasters at the end of the route
to distribute it. It will be a one-sided machine.
One party will sell speeches fora trifling sum 
Mr. TOOMBS. If the honorable Senator from
Rhode Island will allow me, as gentlemen seem
to suppose there is something under this propo-
sition , if that is an honest objection with one man
on the other side, I am perfectly willing to vote
for lus amendment; for I am willing to abolish
the franking privilege, and I want to do it in the
best way, the quickest way, and the most simple
way. Therefore, as far as I am concerned, I shall
vote for his amendment.
Mr. SIMMONS. I propose to insert the word
" manuscript" in that amendment, if it is in or-
der, before the word "matter."
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright.)
Does the Senator from Missouri insist on his mo-
tion to reconsider the vote ?
Mr. GREEN. Yes, sir; because I think the
proviso is all wrong.
Mr. HUNTER. If I understand the object
of the Senator from Rhode Island, it is this: he
wants to strike out all that relates to printed mat-
ter, leaving the provision in regard to manuscript
letters alone.
Mr. SIMMONS. No, sir; that is not the whole
objcct. One object is to have the manuscript let-
ters go as the committee has recommended, and
then to put at the end of the section—
"But upon all piinted mail inattei directed by them the
postage shall be prepaid."
Mr. HUNTER. I will consent to strike out
the proviso entirely.
Mr. SIMMONg. That will not answer the
purpose. I want to put m a provision here that
will require the postage on every document di-
rected by a member of Congress to be prepaid
before it is carried, or by anybody else, for that
matter.
Mr. GREEN. If we reconsider and strike
out the proviso, the Senator's proposition can
then come in very appropriately.
Mr. SIMMONS. Well, if I can get it in, I
am willing that it shall go anywhere. I am not
very particular about it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to reconsider the vote by which
the Senate refused to strike out the proviso.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the motion of the Senator from Illinois,
[Mr. Trumbull,] to strike out the proviso in the
amendment of the Committee on Finance.
Mr. TOOMBS. Now, before the question is
taken on the motion to strike out, the amendment
of the Senator from Rhode Island is in order.
Mr. SIMMONS. I do not know how the
amendment will read if the proviso be stricken
out.
Mr. FESSENDEN and others. Let us strike
out the proviso first.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the proviso be stricken
out, the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Rhode Island will be wholly unnecessary; for the
amendment of the committee,without theproviso,
abolishes the franking privilege nakedly and clean-
ly, and that rs the end of it. That is the way I
should like to have it done.
Mr. TOOMBS. If it was put in that way,
would not the honorable Senator still object to the
place ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstands that the Senator from Rhode Island
offers his amendment as an amendment to the pro-
viso.
Mr. SIMMONS. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then it will
bo in order, before taking the question 011 the
motion, to strike out the proviso.
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 ask to have the amend-
ment of the committee read as it will stand with
the proviso stricken out, in order that I may see
whether there will be a place to put my amend-
ment in if the proviso he stricken out.
Mr. GREEN. Before it is read, let me make
a suggestion to the Senator from Rhode Island.
He does not propose to amend the proviso. Now
let us first strike out the proviso, and if it be not
