1726
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 16,
for if it perishes, the capital employed in it per-
ishes with it.
Capital there, has no interest in diminishing
the wages of labor; hence there is no competition
among the laborers, and no disposition to work
them at starvation prices, to the destruction of
tljeir health and comfort.
Yet these States the Senator from New York
calls, "par excellence," the " capital States," to
render them as odious as possible in the eyes of
the laboring and voting classes of the North.
In a book, no doubt intended to illustrate the
views of those who agree with the Senator from
New York, called the "Helper book," a series of
statistics is furnished to show how the North has
been injured by the South, and how far the value
of the products of northern industry exceeds that
of the industry of the South.
Now, supposing these statistical tables to be all
correct, what do they prove, but that the labor-
ing man of the North has been worked harder than
the laboring man of the South, and that the capi-
talists of the North have derived a larger profit
from him ?
The majority of the people of the North are
not property-holders or capitalists; the majority
are laborers, and the relation of the capitalist to
the laborer, and of one capitalist to another is
such, that one specics of capital is employed in
competition with another, tending not only to
diminish wages, but also the number of capital-
ists.'
And if wages and profits, by this compound
competition, have not reached the lowest mark of
which they arc susceptible, it is because the South
with its slaves has not entered into this competi-
tion. It confines itself to agriculture; it abandons
manufactures to the North ; and by furnishing a
market for the products of northern labor, keeps
up the demand for, and thereby the price of, that
labor. Docs the Senator from New York, docs
any other reasonable man, suppose that, if the
South turned its attention to manufactures and
the mechanical arts, the products of northern in-
dustry would be as valuable and remunerative as
they are now? Not only would the markets for
these products diminish in the southern States,
but the products themselves would be multiplied;
thus diminishing priccs by the double operation
of greater supply and adiminished demand. That
for which the South is reproached in the Helper
book, ought really to be a source of congratula-
tion to the North, to the laborer as well as to the
capitalist; to the laborer, because it tends to keep
up wages; to the capitalist, because it postpones
the period at which the conflict between him and
the laborer may threaten his wealth, if not his
personal security.
It seems to me, sir, that the North, in this cru-
sade against the South, is quarreling with its own
source of prosperity. If the South holds the rc-€
lation to the North attributed to it by the Senator
from New York, as illustrated by the Helper
book,(lie North possesses, in the southern States
of this Confederacy, the most magnificent colo-
nies of the world; and it is its interest to preserve
them as it was the interest of Great Britain to do
so, and to secure thereby the best market for its
industrial products.
Graham, in his History of the United States,
alludes to the plea of the American agent for the
colonics, with the British minister, m behalf of
a grant of some twenty thousand pounds, A\dc
by Parliament to William and Mary College, in
Virginia, and which the agent claimed for the
benefit of the souls of the poor colonists; to which
the British minister is said to have replied:
u«Afmr mind (or something worse) their souls;
let them plant tobacco/"
Now, why should not the Senator from New
York be equally generous to Virginia and her sis-
ter States? Why should he insist on then* becom-
ing competitors with northern labor? Why seek
to diminish the price of northern labor? It was
not the interest of Great Britain to let n single
clothes pin or shoe nail be made in America, or
any other article from the manufacture, sale, and
transportation of which she mightderive a profit;
and the same may now be said of the northern
States of this Union with reference to the South.
The northern States, in their trade with the South
since the declaration of our independence, have
taken the place of Great Britain; and it seems to
me that northern politicians are sadly betraying the
best interests of their constituents when they in-
terfere with southern institutions and set the dif-
ferent States of our common country by the cars
for the sordid purpose of obtaining power. They
quarrel with their best customers, the natural ally
of northern industrial labor, and the best protect-
or of the northern capitalist whom they enable to
live in peace with the men in his employ and to
accumulate colossal fortunes.
There must be a conservative power somewhere
in this Union, and it is in vain to look for it among
the constant mutations and changes in the north-
ern States. The South, from the nature of its in-
stitutions, is slow in its movements; but for that
very reason eminently conservative. The South
is indispensable to the prosperity of the North.
The North is beneficial to the South only as long
as it fulfills the conditions of the constitutional
compact, entered into to secure to all parties the
peaceful enjoyment of their institutions and laws.
I have deemed these remarks not inappropriate,
and as due to the argument of the Senator from
New York, regarding him as a great leader and
as a distinguished political economist. Let me now
beg your indulgence while I examine the senti-
mental part of the slavery question. It is my hum-
ble opinion, Mr. President, that the slavery ques-
tion, with which professional politicians arc en-
deavoring to agitate and disturb the country, would
longsince have ceascd to be an clcmcntof mischief,
if it were not constantly kept alive and pressed on
the consideration of the public as a question in-
volving the highest principles of morals and reli-
gion. Teachers and schoolmasters have acted as
auxiliaries to political partisans, until at last they
inflame the fanaticism of their deluded victims to
deeds of treason, bloodshed, and murder.
The evil lies in the misconception, on the part
of the people of the North, of the institution of
negro slavery as it exists in the southern States,
and in the wrong estimate formed by them of the
character and faculties of the negro. I may be
permitted to speak freely upon this question, for
1 do it dispassionately. I represent a free north-
ern State; I am a native of a northern State, as
were my ancestors before me; but I have had suf-
ficient experience, by a residence of a few years
in a southern State, to thoroughly appreciate and
understand the relation that the negro slave bears
to his master, and I also believe that public opin-
ion in time will right itself upon this subject. But
it is the nature of error to travel fast, and of truth
to make progress slowly. The one has wings,
the other, the slow march of the pilgrim. In this
consists the danger. The slavery question, it is
my humble opinion, would be set at rest m a very
few years if wo would only apply ourselves earn-
estly to the study of the nature and history of the
negro, instead of endowing him with qualities
furnished from the rich stores of our own imagi-
nation.
The negro is, undoubtedly, a worthy man.in
his place; but he never'will be a participant in
civilization in an equal degree with the Caucasian.
It is sheer nonsense to treat this matter in the ab-'
stract; to speak of what the negro would be if he
were educated, and of what achievements he would
be capable in the various departments of human
industry and knowledge, if lie enjoyed the same
advantages as the white man. All such arguments
and suppositions are nothing but moonshine—a
mere begging of the question. They amount to
nothing more than the various theories of gov-
ernment established by philosophic dreamers with-
out a knowledge of men's passions and vices, and
the means which are necessary to restrain them.
History is the only safe guide to the lawmaker,
as it is the last judgment pronounced on nations
and races.
Instead of inquiring what the negro might be
under different circumstances from those in which
he is now placed, let us consult the past to see
what he has been from the earliest period to the
present day. The earliest civilization which we
con trace by historical records occurred in Egypt,
and we find that the negro was already associated
with it as a slave. His native country may be
said to have bordered on Egypt; yetno Egyptian
civilization penetrated thither, and no traces of it
are now to be found among the negro races in
Africa. Greeks, Phoenicians, Carthagenians, and
Romans followed. The negro was again brought
in close contact with them, but without profiting
by their advanced civilization. Then came the
Portuguese, Spaniards, French, Dutch, English,
and the Americans, with nearly the same result.
The negroes who became subject to those na-
tions or their colonics were slaves. Some were
emancipated; none carried civilization into Africa;
and that continent, though the cradle of genius, is
at this moment the most barbarous of all and the
least known to the geographer and historian. The
history of the world is the history of the Cauca-
sian race; marking a distinct and an uninterrupt-
ed progress even amid crumbling empires and the
ruins of burning cities.
Sir, if every trace and record of all other races
were destroyed, the world would not be deprived
of a single noble thought orartistical conception,
nor of a single invention or contrivance in me-
chanical arts capable of exercising an important
influence upon civilization. Progress, Mr. Presi-
dent, is a Caucasian term,existing in all Caucasiah
languages, and expressing the characteristic fac-
ulty of the race. Let the Caucasian race disappear
from the earth, and you will have nothing left but
the stereotyped civilization of the Chinese and
Japanese, and the barbarism of the Ethiopians.
And from these historical premises would our
northern Republican philosophers argue that the
negro only requires the same advantages of educa-
tion as the white man to be equal to him in every
respect, and to maintain all the relations of a civ-
ilized State? Sir, the negro did enjoy the same
advantages as the Europeans, enjoyed them centu^
ries in advance of European civilization.
Negro tribes were subdued by their white neigh-
bors, and forced, as they are with us, to adopt
certain principles of humanity and law for the
regulation of their conduct; but these principles
did not cling to them, for they were not volunta-
rily adopted, and were repugnant to their tastes.
When the condition of the negro was changed,
when the pressure which forced him to move in
a particular direction was removed, he gradually
relapsed into his native barbarism. Nor does the
fact that civilization was forced upon the negro
furnish an apology for the little progress he has
made in it. The different European nations con-
quered by the Romans exhibited very dilFerent
capacities. Ancient Gaul was completely civilized
within a century after the Roman conqucst, while
the Teutonic races, who were never entirely sub-
dued, never adopted Roman civilization until cen-
turies after the fall of Rome;,but they all adopted
it voluntarily, and improved upon it, whether as
conquered races or conquerors. They b^wed to
the superior genius of those who were further
advanced in the arts, and retained and cherished
the models of taste and thought as the most inval-
uable treasures of the whole human race. The
Romans pursued this line of policy in regard to
the Greeks, and all European races have done so
in regard to the Romans.  
The negro has done nothing like it, and is do-
ing no such thing now. He merely adheres to
civilization when he is obliged to move in a civil-
ized medium. Under the most favorable circum-
stances he has hpen "hut a humble imitator; in
no instance has he exhibited a civilization of a
distinct character, amounting to a national devel-
opment. The history of human progress can be
written without devoting a separate chapter to the
negro. He has taken no part in the development
of the human mind; he has furnished no con-
tributions to arts, and he has never exhibited
any capacity for that superior political organiza-
tion called a Government. Sir, we have no other
means of jftdging individuals, nations, or races,
except by their works; and applying this prin-
ciple to the negro, we see that he has done noth-
ing. Under the direction and guidance of a su-
perior race, he may at times have rendered him-
self quite useful, but we have no proof that he
has ever voluntarily played such a part;and until
history furnishes us with an example of that sort,
I shall be the last man to call upon my white
brethren of the southern States to inconsiderately
remodel or change their domestic institutions.
We have nothing to do with speculations in
regard to the physical and moral capacities of the
negro. We have, as legislators, to deal with facts,
not with theories; with things as they are, not with
myths and abstractions. Whether the negro was
the equal of the white man before the flood; whether
he is a lineal descendant of Adam and Eve, or the
result of a previous or subsequent creation, is no
question for a lawmaker, and intrinsically of little
