1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
stricken out, he can then move*his amendment;
or, if it be stricken out, he can still move it.
Mr. SIMMONS. Very well, let that be done;
I am not particular about it.
Mr. TOOMBS. I more to insert the amend-
ment of the Senator from Rhode Island': that is,
to exclude printed matter; for I am very well sat-
isfied that this is only an effort to stab the pro-
vision to abolish the franking privilege; that is
what it means, and I am willing to modify it so
as to remove any fair objection from any quar-
ter. I am willing to confine the exemption to the
prepayment of letters, andnot extend it to printed
matter.
Mr. SIMMONS. That I want to do.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Georgia moves to amend the proviso by in-
serting the word " manuscript" before the word
" matter," and by inserting at the end of the pro-
viso, "but upon all printed matter directed by
them the postage shall be prepaid." So that the
proviso, if thus amended, will then read:
Provided, All pei sons now authorized by law to frank, by
indoi sing tlielr names and designation Isy which the right is
eoiit'ericd upon them, on all manusciipt matter mailed hy
them, shall be exempt fiom prepayment of postage; but the
postage on such mailmattei shall be due and payable by the
person or persons to -whom the same may be directed at the
point of destination; but upon all printed mail matter di-
rected by them, the postage shall be prepaid.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to inquire
how that will accomplish the object? I under-
stand that you do not have to prepay the postage
on printed matter, as the law now stands, but it
is paid at the end of the route. How are you to
distinguish the printed matter sent by members of
Congress from that sent by others ? We put it in
the mail, and it goes just the same as if it were
not sent by members of Congress. You must
apply the provision to all printed matter, or not at
all, because there is no way of ascertaining what
is mailed by members of Congress, and what by
other people.
Mr. SIMMONS. That is one of the objections
I have to considering such a question as this 011
the back of a bill that we all want to hurry through.
If the Senator from Georgia insists 011 having; this
put in here, very well; but there is a proposition
to strike out the whole proviso.
Mr. TOOMBS. I am opposed to striking out
the whole proviso. I wanted to remove the ob-
jection, whether real orpretended, that this was to
be used forparty purposes during the presidential
election. I stated that I was willing to remove it
in any language the gentleman would prescribe, if
it was a real and not a pretended objection; be-
cause my object was to use it for no such purpose,
but to take the burden of their correspondence
from members of Congress. I was willing to take
any language that any objector chose to put in
to prevent fraud, or to prevent an abuse which the
Senator from'Ulinois hatched up under the amend-
ment of yesterday; and I am now, because I am
acting in perfect good faith, and I am quite sat-
isfied that the whole attempt at the section is to
weaken that provision. I am willing to remove
the objection; and let gentlemen put their propo-
sitions in their own language. I accept what they
offer me, and then it will not do; no, sir, it will
not do anywhere, except where it will not pass.
Mr. SIMMONS. I suggested the amendment
ill good faith. I supposed that the general prac-
tice was to compliment people by franking them
speeches; and my intention is, if it is possible, to
prevent the carrying of printed matter for nothing.
The Senator supposes I have some covert inten-
tion about this. When I heard him say yester-
day, after denouncing everybody for an extrava-
gant use of this franking privilege 
Mr. TOOMBS. I must correct the Senator. I
denounced nobody for any such thing. On the
contrary, I commended them for it. I stated ex-
actly the reverse, of what the Senator says.
Mr. SIMMONS. The Senator will not wait
until I get through a sentence before he chooses
to correct me. He denounced the abuse of the
franking privilege; and then, when I suggested a
method that his colleague took a year or two ago
to bring out those who made an extravagant use
of it, he got up and justified them. That is what
I was going to say; and is not that true?
Mr. TOOMBS. No, sir; if the Senator will
allow me, I will state that I censured no human
being for the use or abuse of it. My remarks, I
presume, are printed; I have not seen them. No
such statement was made at all. I objected to free
matter going through the mails.
Mr. SIMMONS. I understand that the gen-
eral objection to the franking privilege is, that it
has been used 
Mr. WILSON. No; the tiling itself.
Mr. SIMMONS. I believe it has been made
use of for purpose's not designed originally. It
was used for sixty-odd years m this Government,
and yet the mails supported themselves; and it is
within a very few of the last years'that we have
such an enormous expense for carrying the free
matter. During the year when the Senator from
Georgia [Mr. Iverson] read the statement to
which I have alluded, there were sent above eleven
hundred thousand franks through the mail—more
than a million—by Senators alone. Of those, eight
hundred and thirty-seven thousand were sent by
Democratic Senators to their constituents; two
hundred and ninety-five thousand by the Repub-
lican Senators; and twenty-seven thousand by the
American Senators. At that time the constituents
of Senators of the Democratic side, judging by the
votes at the last presidential election, numbered
one million eight hundred and fifty thousand vot-
ers. 'To them they sent eight hundred and fifty
thousand documents, under the frank of Sena-
tors. The Opposition vote was two million two
hundred and twenty thousand—four or five hun-
dred thousand more—and they received about
three hundred thousand documents; so that it is
upon the other side of the Chamber that this large
amount of expenditure is seen to exist—four to
one to what it is upon this side. A single Sena-
tor, who was alluded to yesterday, was justified
for all this, and praised for it. The franks that
he used, at throe cents apiece, would como to over
ten thousand dollars; and that was wlien he had
to canvass in a single State. Now, anybody can
cipher out what it would be if he had to canvass
in thirty-three States. I made no complaint of
this. Idid not hunt this up, but I heard it read
here.
The purpose seems to me to continue, in some
form or other, this printed matter, and to tax the
postage upon letters to pay for it. The postage
upon the documents of the Senate alone, at let-
ter postage, would amount to nearly a million of
money—considering the weight, I mean. Suppose
they paid according to the expense of transporta-
tion: they would come to near a million. All I
ask is to have this matter fixed in some proper
form by a separate bill. I do not believe anybody
can get a bill properly drawn up in this form by
just putting in amendments herein manuscript,
with nothing in print befoie us. You cannot tell
where a thing is to go in. Besides, we are acting
in the absence of the Post Offiec Committee—a
committee organized on purpose to look into such
matters. Here it is proposed to revise your whole
postage system, 011 a bill to pay a few mail con-
tractors who are waiting for their pay.
The Senator from Georgia said yesterday that
this was the right place; and it has been repeated
to-day. These contractors, who were provided
for m the deficiency bill which failed last year,
have, so far, lost more than ten per cent, on the
amount they earned. The rates have been from
twenty to twenty-five per cent, discount on their
certificates. They have lost §500,000 already by
our failure to pass the appropriation bill of last
year. I think that has embarrassed them enough.
If there are any of them who have not yet been
forced to sell, I am for paying them before they
do sell. I wish the Finance Committee would be
willing to withdraw this amendment, and let us,
in conjunction with the Post Office Committee,
make a bill that will correct the evil of carrying
such a vast amount of printed matter without
paying postage, and selling it at the end of the
journey for one quarter the cost of transportation.
That is the great difficulty. This overland mail to
California, where it costs $7,000 to carry a single
man's documents, I want to have stopped.
I have suggested this amendment. 1 shall vote
against the original proposition, not for the reason
the Senator from Georgia supposes, because I am
against abolishing the franking privilege; but I
do think it is very improper to force the Senate to
adopt a system of this kind without even having
the amendment printed. I cannot tell where this
ought to go in; but I can see now it can be evaded,
because somebody else will direct these documents
and speeches; they will not have the franks of
members on them, and they will not be prepaid.
Seeing that it will not answer the purpose I wanted,
I am willing to let this proviso be stricken out,
and see i£ I can amend the original amendment;
but I shall have to go to the Clerk's desk and look
at it there, for it is not printed^ it is on no Sena-
tor's desk. You force people to draw amend-
ments, and you say they are not offered in good
faith, when I cannot see the original proposition
in order to see ho w to draw them. , It is improper
to put Senators to the trouble of going to the
Clerk's table to find where they can stick in an
amendment to avoid an abuse. It only shows-
that this is the worst place possible to do such a
difficult and intricate task. If this was my amend-
ment, I would withdraw it in order to strike out
the whole proviso, and see what we can do then,
because I want to do it right. I see that this will
be evaded, and I give notice that it will not reach
what I intended, and what I suppose the Senator
from Georgia intends. You cannot reach it in
that way.
Mr. TOOMBS. The-Senator has uttered a sin-
gle sentence thatunravels the whole business—that
I10 is opposed to abolishing the franking privilege.
Mr. SIMMONS. No, sir.
Mr. TOOMBS. I understood you so.
Mr. SIMMONS. No, sir. Iam opposed to
putting anything of this kind on this bill.
Mr. TOOMBS. I thought you were opposed
to the abolition of the franking privilege.
Mr. SIMMONS. No, sir.
Mr. TOOMBS. I thought youhadstatedthat;
but, of course, I stand corrected. This is a very
simple business; and I presume the Senator lias
got the proposition on his table with his daily
paper this morning. He could look at it if hu
wanted to do so. Wc have been debating it for
two days. It is in eight or ten lines. Gentlemen
seem to have understood it well enough to have
seen in it what was not to be seen; to discover a
great party fraud, by which the documents of one
side were to go to the country and the other not;
and when I rise in my place and agree to accept
the Senator's own amendment, it does not suit
him. When I offer to these gentlemen any lan-
guage which will protect the object of the original
amendment, leaving it to them to draw the pro-
vision, without scanning it at all or its purpose,
they go back and urge the old ground—any where
else but here; here is the place where there is to
be a vote; here is a place where both Houses have
an opportunity of deciding the question. You do
not want a bill printed to abolish the franking
privilege. Anybody with the commonest intel-
lect can understand that in two minutes. The
terms of the proviso are fully explained. Tt is in
four or five lines. Gentlemen object to a portion
of it, and I tell them to correct it. I accept the
Senator's amendment, and he is opposed to it.
Then I say—intending to abolish the franking
privilege, to do it in the soonest way I can,in the
best way I can, in the way that will do the least
evil to the country—I am willing, in order to re-
move the evil^ they charge against it, to accept
their amendments, aiid then they will not take
them. Now, I move the Senator's amendment;
and I ask for the yeas and nays on it. I desire to
see whether I10 will vote for his own amendment.
No doubt he will vote against it, and against the
abolition of the franking privilege too.
Mr. SIMMONS. If this is my amendment I
can withdraw it.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have offered it myself.
Mr. SIMMONS. Then do not call it mine.
Mr. TOOMBS. I did not know there was any
special ownership in it. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HALE. Let it be read.
The Secretary read the amendment; which is,
to insert the word " manuscript" before the word
"matter;" and at the end of the proviso to add:
"but upon all printed mail matter directed by
them, the postage shall be prepaid."
Mr. SIMMONS. I will ask the Senator from
Georgia to accept an amendment to strike out
"directed by them," so that all printed mail mat-
ter shall be prepaid.
Mr. TOOMBS. I am perfectly content. I will
accept whatever terms the Senator will put it 111
to accomplish his object. I want to get rid of the
charge that there iaany desire here to get out doc-
uments on onfi sidtf and not on the other*, and I
