1728
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Apsil 16.
way." They toil to become rich; and the busi-
ness of the country is -going on as usual. Why
is this? The reason is, the people know they
have the power to control the politicians, and if
necessary, can pat them down. The people know
of no conflict. They are willing to go on as they
Jpivedone, content,prosperous, and nappy. They
want no other constitution than the one inherited
from our ancestors; no other sovereignty than the
one they have always enjoyed from the declara-
tion of our independence. We have as yet no
class among us hopelessly doomed to poverty and
want. Our institutions give all men an equal
chance; and if all do not succeed, if all dojiot be-
come opulent or rich, every one, nevertheless, has
a prospect of success, which animates him and
stimulates him to individual exertions.
Sir, the slavery cjuestion has lasted too long.
It has been productive of no good, but it is fraught
with great mischief. It has disturbed our ami-
cable relations; it has* sown the seeds of dis-
trust, discord, and hatred between different sec-
tions of the same people, and it is threatening
our existence as a nation. It is surrounded with
dangers in every direction, and saps the very
foundation of our Government. The people of
the State which I have in part the honor to rep-
resent yield to none other in attachment and de-
votion to the Union. They view with deep regret
the efforts of those who seek to obtain power by
weakening this attachment, and are resolved to
throw their weight and influence in favor of the
laws"and institutions as they stand. California
wants no new code—neither a "slave code" nor
a "free-soil code," nor any new theory of "pop-
ular sovereignty." She respects ana will ever
cherish a proper regard for established laws and
vested rights.
The Constitution, as handed down to us by
Washington and Jefferson, answers all our pur-
pose. We ask nothing more, nor are we willing
to content ourselves with less. We will not allow
thatsaered instrument to be mutilated, nor shall—
as long as we have a controlling voice in the na-
tional affairs—any new interpretation be put 011
• its provisions. Ihe Constitution is good enough
as it is; the laws are satisfactory to us, and shall
be faithfully executed as far as we are concerned.
But I fully agree with the majority of my col-
leagues on this floor in the opinion, that if the
judiciary and executive authority of the country
do not possess the means to insure adequate pro-
tection to constitutional rights in the Territories
of the United States, or if any territorial gov-
ernment should fail or refuse to provide .the ne-
cessary remedies for that purpose, it will be the
duty of Congress to supply that deficiency. I
am willing to aid in the performance of that duty
whenever a proper exigency arrives; but I am
utterly opposed to anticipating it, because I have
an abiding confidence in the loyalty and patriot-
ism of the people, and in the ultimate good sense
of those who, however misled they may be by
professional agitators or by their own passions,
need only bo made to perceive whither their doc-
trines will carry them to return at once to their
allegiance, and to a proper appreciation of their
obligations as citizens of the United States.
Iam opposed to all anticipations of evil, because
I feel assured that the country is not yet in that
lamentable situation in which legislators must
take counsel of their fears. I havetoo much faith
in the conservative sentiment of all the people to
suppose that they will ever patiently submit to a
deliberate infringement of the Constitution and
the rights of the States, ifthey can be made to un-
derstand the purportand consequences of such an
act. I think our institutions are strong enough
and sufficiently endeared to the people of every
section of the country to be maintained without
additional legislation, and I still hope that any
section which may feel aggrieved by the course
to which the excess of party feeling is now tend-
ing, will find ample relief inside of the Union, and
under the protection of the coordinate branches of
our Government.
The remedy for any wrong that may be inflicted
on any portion of our beloved country is still in
Congress, ill the President, and in the judiciary.
As long as any one of these coordinate" branches
performs its duty to the whole country, we are
safe; and until they all prove derelict to then- sol-
emn engagements, no fear need be entertained in
regard to the Union. .
Admitting that the South has strong reasons to
be offended and to feel aggrieved by the proceed-
ings of one of the political parties in the northern
States, I still hope to defeat that party by the pa-
triotism of that portion of the people of the North
who have remained true to the Constitution and
the Union, and by the united action of the South
itself. If, however, I am mistaken in my hopes;
if a sectional President is to be elected by the pre-
ponderance of a sectional party, then I would still
Eause to see whether none of the coordinate
ranches of our Government was faithful to its
trust; and if I found the Senate and the Supreme
Court of the United States so constituted as to af-
ford sufficientprotection to southern rights, I would
abide their action, and trust to their power to up-
hold the law and Constitution until " the sober
second thought" of the people came to the general
rescue.
Sir, I have an abiding faith in the people; in
their common sense, their love of justice, and their
patriotism. Unless we confide in their virtue and
good sense, we deny the possibility of republican
government. Without such confidence in the peo-
ple, our Government is, in its very inception, a
miserable failure. I hope we are -not yet reduced
to make such a beggarly confession of our inca-
pacity for self-government as to declare, in the
face of the civilized world, that we are morally
and politically bankrupt, while all Europe points
to our institutions and laws as models for imita-
tion, and to our success as demonstration of their
soundness. Wc have incurred a heavy respons-
ibility to our cotemporaries and to posterity by
the example wo have set, by the expectations we
have raised, and the desires we have kindled in
the hearts of millions; and, as an humble Senator
of the United States, I am willing to acknowledge
that responsibility, and to devote whatever share
of talent and energy, God may have granted me
to the preservation of our institutions and laws,
with and through the assistance of the people.
I11 regard to the Territories, I hold, that they
are the joint property of all the Slates; that they
were acquired by the common blood and by the
common funds of all the people of this Union; that
all the people have a right to go there with such
property as they may see fit to tak.e, and are en-
titled to the protection and en joyment of it so long
as they remain in a territorial form of govern*
ment. I agree with the sentiments of the honor-
able Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,] as
expressed so far back as 13th of February, 1845, in
his spcecli on the admission of Iowa and Florida
into the Union, reported in the fourteenth volume
of the Congressional Globe, wherein he says :
'' That tlic father may Itind tin1 son during lus minority,
but the moment that he [tlie son] attains his' majoiity, his
letters are seveied and he is free to regulate his own eon-
duct. Bo, Mi, with the Tcrritoues; they are subject to the
jurisiliztionant} control of Con«ras durin*mfancy, their mi-
nority, but when they attain their majority, and obtain ad-
mission into the Union, they are free from all restraints and
restrictions, except such as the Constitution of the United
States lias imposed upon each and all of the States."
This was the old-fashioned doctrine in regard
to the Territories, and it suits me on thataccount.
I want no new interpretation, no interpolation, no
new hair-splitting distinctions on this subjcct. I
am against all innovations, except they are recom-
mended by some practical utility, and especially
against all new theories which appeal to the feel-
ings and prejudices of men without adding to their
stock of information.
This Union, Mr. President, is much stronger
than many ofus believe, and will prove inseparable
whenever the parricidal hand of faction may be
raised to destroy it. Every Government is growing
stronger by the exercise of its legitimate powers,
and so will our own. It is only wlten a Govern-
ment endeavors to exercise powers, which do not
belong to it that it becomes weak and tottering,
until at last it crumbles under its own weight.
If the executive and both legislative branches
i of the Government—the Senate and the House of
Representatives—were to fall into the hands of
reckless partisans, and these should try to over-
throw the Constitution, I would still appeal to the
Supreme Court, and if that appeal were equally
ineffectual, this Union would indeed be dissolved
by the act of the Government itself; but we, who had
remained faithful to it to the last, would not be
answerable for the consequences.
Each State would then be reduced to the situa-
tion which it occupied before the foundation of
our Federal Union, and obliged to work out its own
salvation with the means it may possess for that
purpose. We in California would have reasons
to induce us to become members neither of the
southern confederacy nor of the northern confed-
eracy, and would be able to sustain for ourselves
the relations of a free and independent State.
When my colleague, as it is said, stated upon
this floor " that, in case of a dissolution of the
Union, California would unite herself to the
South," he committed a great error.
Mr. GWIN. If my colleague will give me an
opportunity, I will state that I never said so here
or elsewhere. I have never made that statement
on any occasion. It was so utterly destitute of
truth that I did not think it of sufficient import-
ance to contradict it, unless some allusion was
made to the subject #n the Senate; and I am
obliged to my colleague for referring to it, and
giving me the opportunity of contradicting it. I
hope, Mr. President, that this Union will be im-
Eerishable; butifitis ever broken up, the eastern
oundary of the Pacific Republic will be, in my
opinion, the SierraMadra and the Rocky Mount-
ains.
Mr. LATHAM. Mr. President, I am glad
that I have given my colleague an opportunity of
correcting this erroneous impression; for lie knows
as well as I do that we have resources not pos-
sessed by any other State of the Union, wlule our
population comprises the most enterprising and
energetic men of the country. Why should we
trust to the management of others what we are
abundantly able to do ourselves ? Why depend
on the South or the North to regulate our af-
fairs > And this, too, after the North and the South
had proved themselves incapable of living in har-
mony with one another ?
The Pacific States are separated from the north-
ern and southern States by a long chain of sterile
mountains, by vast deserts, and can be reached
easily only by crossing tempestuous seas. The
northern Atlantic States are not separated from
the southern Atlantic States by any natural bar-
rier. There is no intervening chain of mountains
running from east to west; and river courses, as tt
means of eommuneiation, unite people instead of
dividing them, if this Union, of which Califor-
nia is now proud to form a part, were to be dis-
solved, we on the Pacific coast would possess em-
inent advantages over the Atlantic States. You
of the southern, northern, and western States
would have to fortify your towns, maintain stand-
ing armies, and incur vast expenditures to pre-
serve that independence which we would possess
as a gift; and you would fight with oneanother, as
the States of Europe have fought for two or three
centuries, to establish a balance of power. We
should be subject to no such vicissitudes and
should incur no such dangers.
In the long wars which would necessarily fol-
low dissolution, some of your States would en-
tirely disappear, while others would retain but a
precarious existence by alternately allying their
destinies to one section of the country or the other,
as the arms of this or that party might have con-
quered a momentary ascendency. To all these
mutations and changes—which would involve
your rights, your fortunes, and alas! your honor
—we should be exposed in a far inferior degree
in proportion as we observed a strict neutrality
in regard to all of you.
We would regret your feuds, we would deplore
the fraternal blood shed on your battle-grounds,
we should weep over your declining prosperity,
your trodden-down fields, your deserted harbors;
but we could not, with our eyes open to the fatal
consequences of such an act, involve ourselves in
your fratricidal strife and mutual ruin. California,
as I have already observed, yields to 110 State in
loylty and devotion to the Union. She will, with
all her youthful energies, and with whatever means
Providence has placed at her disposal, struggle to
maintain the Constitution and the laws under
which we have prospered as a nation. She will
afford no aid and comfort to fanaticism; but com-
bat it manfully and hopefully, in accordance with
the promptings of her own generous heart—-her
gratitude to the Union, to which she is indebted
for so many benefits already bestowed, and in ac-
cordance with her most sacred duty as a member
of this noble Confederacy. She will continue to
do so with a full and firm reliance on the assist-
ance of other States equally loyal and attached to
