2672
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6.
wo all know that practically it would turn the
United States out, if it did a squatter. It was
older than our title. We claimed under the treaty
of 1803, and this grant was in 1777. It was as
paramount over the United States as over the
ilakedest squatter on the domain. If good to any
extent, it was to every oxtent. If good to any-
thing, it was good to all it covcred; and then you
could ha\ e shown what it did cover, and you
would have got a legal construction.
But by coming here and getting this patent, the
Senator does not deny that all he has to do is to
show his patent against a squatter. These peo-
ple have a great interest in this matter. They
have an equity that has grown up under your
policy. They liave an equity in the labor they
,Iiave put on the land, their houses and other im-
provements. What is the equity of these claim-
ants ? None whatever; and if they have not got
a good title, you give them one against the squat-
ter against right, and against justice, as I think.
I will not maintain this proceeding. It is the
plainest case that ever was presented to me. It
is, whether the Congress of the United States will
allow these claimants, who have a perfect title, ac-
cording to their own showing—as the honorable
Senator from Louisiana admits—a perfect title
without your confirmation, if it is good for any-
thing, to turn out these five hundred families by
our patent. Why? Where aie the equities be-
tween tliein? It is unjust,grossly unjust, shock-
ingly unjust; and no Christian people should tol-
erate it. The equity is ail on one side. Justice,
right, humanity, every feeling of the human heart,
plead trumpet-tongued to give your title to those
who have the best equity, rather than to those
who have no claims whatever, except, perhaps,
setting up a fraudulent title; because if their title
is not fraudulent it is good, and they would not
care for a confirmation. They only want a con-
firmation to get the United Slates title, not their
own. The Supreme Court has decided, as the
Senator knows very well, many times, that-your
confirmation does not do a perfect title any good
whatever; and I take it, that with gentlemen in
the United States Senate who must be thirty years
of age to get here, it would not take a very strong-
eyed man to see through that millstone.
It is said we have not a right to repeal the act
of 185y. I am sorry to hear'it. It is a bad plea.
I deny it. I say it is a right in this Government
to violate contracts whenever the public mteiest
demands it. unless where limited by its own Con-
stitution. The Stales cannot violate the obliga-
tion of contracts, because the Constitution puts a
limitation on them; but by their eminent domain
they may break a contract oranything else, if the
public interest demands it, on making compensa-
tion; and that was the reason why the limitation
was put in the Constitution of the United States.
Wherever you have the power of legislation over
a subject, it is full and plenary to repeal just as
well as to pass, unless there is a constitutional
obstacle. Wher e is there a constitutional obsta-
cle ? My friend from Kentucky asked for it. Show-
it. Where iss the clause * I say the Constitution
inhibits the States; but I have advocated and
known bills passed in Congress since I have been
a member on the broad ground of breaking up
contracts and paying damages whenever public
safety and public duty demanded it. It is a fun-
damental law of nature adopted by all civilized
countries that vested interests ought not to be di-
vested, except for great and urgent and powerful
considerations. That is a principle of the com-
mon law. A vested interest is sacred. But if an
interest has been vested improperly; if it 1ms been
vested fraudulently, it is the duty of the Legisla-
ture to lay its hands on it, that it shall no longer
disgrace the statute-book. Half the cases read by
the Senator fioni Texas were cases arising under
State governments, where the Constitution came
in the way of their impairing the obligation of
contracts. You can g«'t a hundred of them; but
it is unnecessary to argue here as to the distinc-
tion between the noweis of this Government and
of the States in uiat respect. The Constitution
expressly prohibits the States from doing it; that
is a direct prohibition of the subjects on which
thev ran rightfully legislate.
The Senate and the House of Representatives,
on a motion of my Iriend from Maryland, [Mi.
Pearce,] not more than six years ago,when Con-
gress, under much more extraordinary circum-
stanccs than these, passed a law vesting in Minne-
sota, or a railroad company there, perhaps amillion
acres of land, and when it was believed, whether
justly or unjustly, that a mistake had been made
m the law, at once lcpealed it. They got Chan-
cellor Walworth and some very respectable at-
torneys to give an opinion on that side; and I
hardly know a man who cannot get an opinion on
almost any side of any question by paying for it.
Yet that was presented to our committee as au-
thority on this very point. That was authority
presented against the power to repeal the act of
Congress in this case. I refer you to a case where
a repeal of an act was made on the motion of my
friend from Maryland, with almost indecent haste,
you may say. I believe it was put on an old
woman's pension bill from Missouri. You struck
out the whole land grant by tymg%t to the tail of
an old woman's pension, on the last night of the
session. That is the practical commentary of
Congress upon that question.
I say Congress did not understand this act when
it was passed. They could not, from the nature
of the subject and the nature of the bill, under-
stand it. They did great and gross injustice to
a large number of people; and the bill of this com-
mittee seeks nothing else in the world but to re-
peal the act—to refuse to confirm the Houmas
grant Why should my amendment prevail ? It
may stay as it is for a hundred years, and the
settlers can never get a right to a patent until a
final determination by Congress. Now, I want
a final determination, and that is the reason why
I propose to refuse to confirm it. What is the
effect ? It leaves these gentlemen who have their
millions of dollars to fight these squatters, for 1
am told they are very rich. It leaves them ex-
actly with the title the King of Spam gave m 1777.
They say they have had it in possession ever
since. Very well; it leaves their title as it was.
We arm you with that title, and you can go into
the courts of theUmtcd States, and we give these
squatters, what others now have in Louisiana
under the act of 184J, the poor privilege of stand-
mgup against them, and being heard m the courts
of justice. Everybody knows that in the United
States, public officers do not always have time to
attend to these things. There is a very large
business of this kind in Louisiana, and some of
them may not he very competent. 1 hav e known
a great many of them incompetent. Now, it i«
simply provuh d that you shall not turn the s< t-
flers out of their equitable rights; but I ask you
to grant what you ouj^ht to give to the humhh st
man that lives—give him a day in court, and let
him be adjudged by God and his country. That 1
is all the bill does.
Mr. HAMMOND. I rise for the purpose of
moving an adjournment, unless we are to get a
vote at once. If there is to be any more discus- .
sion of this matter, I shall move an adjournment.
Mr. TOOMBS. 1 thought I was closing the 1
debate.
Mr. HAMMOND. I did not know that was
the usage.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I do not desire to discuss
this matter any further, but I shall have some
amendments to oiler to this bill, and if they are
opposed, I shall have to explain them.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope we shall get through
with (he bill before we adjourn.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I hope so.
Mr. WIGF/ILL. I do not propose to discuss
this matter fuither, but to correct a fact or two. :
.One is as to the law of the Senator from Georgia
in reference to the Constitution of the United ,
States. j
Mr. HAMMOND. Mr. President 
Mr. WIG-FALL. I can get through while you
are interrupting me. Only let me alone for a min-
ute. The Senator from Georgia insists that there
is no constitutional inhibition, and asks us to show
the clause in the Constitution containing the in-
hibition to do this act.
Mr. TOOMBS. I heard you read that about
taking private property, which I do not think
applies.
Mr. WIGFALL. I will read another:
" All legislative power herein granted, shall be vested in
the Congn-'bs of the United States."
And the tenth amendment is:
" All powers not herein delegated shall be reserved to die
State* «uid people." ,
Now, I want to know the delegationof power, ;
not the inhibition. The inhibition is on the States,
of course; becauso they would have had the power
without the inhibition. Then, again, one of die
amendments to the Constitution is, that no man
shall be deprived of life, liberty, or property,
without due process of law; and in the next place,
that private property shall not be taken even for
public use, without just compensation.
Mr. HAMMOND. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. WIGFALL. If the honorable Senator
from South Carolina will have a minute's pa-
tience. This is a matter involving1 millions of
dollars to gentlemen in whose welfare I feel a per-
sonal interest, and I am not disposed to be bluffed
off in this way. If the Senate is impatient, let it
be. I will stay here until this matter is disponed
of, so far as I am concerned, unless I am ruled
down.
Mr. PUGH. Mr. President 
Mr. WIGFALL. I will say to the Senator
from Ohio, as he is up, that he is mistaken as to
another fact.
Mr. PUGH. I was going to state to the Sen-
ator that the usage of debate in the Senate has
been for the gentleman who reports a bill to close
it. If the Senator, however, only wants to make
an explanation, I shall be happy to hear him.
Mr. WIGFALL. It is a matter of informa-
tion I will give you now.
Mr. PUGH. It is not usual to continue the
debate after the gentleman reporting the measure
concludes.
Mr. WIGFALL. It is a matter of informa-
tion which I will give you now. The present
claimants do claim ninety-six arpents on the river,
as you did not suppose. That I have on most
undoubted authority.
Mr. PUGH. That I do not think they pos-
sessed, according to the survey.
Mr. WIGFALL. They have possession; and
then I will correct another statement of the Sen-
ator from Maine, that none of us have ever in-
sisted that this bill, if enacted, would be uncon-
stitutional, or null and void. If he had not been
afflicted, as honest Jack FalstaiT was when the
chief justice wanted to talk to him about that
little matter of Gadshills, with the disease of not
listening, he would certainly have heard the Sen-
ator from Delaware, who spoke two days on the
question. I did not expect him to listen to me, but
a largo portion of my argument was to the same
effect. We all denied it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator had had
the disease of listening, he would have known
what I said. I said that gentlemen had aigued it
on the one side and on the other, and therefore it
followed that it was a doubtful matter—-not that
they admitted it to be doubtful. I said no such
thing.
Mr. WIGFALL. Now I have done.
Mr. CHESNUT. Mr. President, the argu-
ment on this subject is exhausted, and T will not
prolong it. But as I was a member of the special
committee, it is due to myself, as well as to those
with whom I acted, that I should state the ground
upon which I vote against the bill reported. I
thought, with the committee, that the merits of
the case could be better and more wisely decided
by a judicial tribunal, learned in the law, and
fully acquainted with the usages and local cus-
toms of Louisiana while a Territory. Put I was
not satisfied with the right and power of Con-
gress to repeal the act of confirmation; and f es-
pecially reserved that point. I have investigated
the subject for myself, and have listened atten-
tively to the discussion. I am satisfied that Con-
gress has no such power; and it would be an evil
precedent to attempt its excercise. Without dis-
cussing the merits of the Houmas grantees, how-
ever favorable and firm that opinion may be, I
think we are now properly confined to a consid-
eration of the power to repeal. I am satisfied we
have no such power; And 1 therefore vote against
the bill.
Mr. HAMMOND. I rise to renew my motion
to adjourn. Brfore doing so, I will say that I
have no disposition to interfere with the Senator
from Texas in this matter. I myself intend to
vote with him; and I not only do it 011 the ground
stated by my colleague, but 011 such observation
us I can make of the merits of the case; but if
there is to be any further discussion, I move'that
the Senate adjourn. ["Oh, 110."] If wc can get
