708
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
will accept it in any way lie puts it. I strike out
the words suggested.
Mr. FESSENDEN, and others. How does it
now read ?
The Secretary read it, as follows:
But iipon al! printed piail mutter, the postage shall be pre-
paid,
Mr. DOOLlfTLE. I am going to occupy
the attention of the Senate but a single moment.
It seems to me there is no difficulty in understand-
ing this matter clearly upon the amendment as it
stands. The amendment, as offered by the hon-
orable Senator from Rhode Island, makes the
original amendment, as it strikes me, perfectly
clear. The first part of the amendment abolishes
the franking privilege altogether—does it with a
proviso that those who are now authorized to
frank may, by indorsing their frank upon certain
mail matter, send it through the mails without the
prepayment of postage. The amendment which
the honorable Senator from Rhode Island has sug-
gested confines that to manuscript matter; and,
for greater caution, goes on to say that printed
matter must be prepaid. It seems to me that if
the design is to say that manuscript matter, by
having on it the name of a person who now by
law ij3 authorized to frank a letter or document,
shall go without the prepayment of postage, the
amendment is perfectly clear.
For myself, 1 have listened with great interest
to the debate to-day and yesterday, and at the
last session of the Senate, and I have become sat-
isfied that the great abuse of the franking priv-
ilege is in franking the books and documents.
That creates first the occasion for printing those
books and documents. If we were not author-
ized to frank them, there would be no occasion
for their being printed. It is by the carrying of
these immense documents that the mails arc in-
cumbered. It is not by the carrying of more let-
ters—letters which weigh less than two ounces—
and I apprehend that in this matter we may ar-
rive at a point where we shall see that perhaps
there may be a majority of the House of Repre-
sentatives on one side, and a majority of the Sen-
ate on tiic other; and it is my judgment, that the
abuses of the franking privilege will be best cut
off, and the whole benefits at which we aim be
best secured, by absolutely preventing the frank-
ing> by every officer of the Government, of any-
thing which weighs exceeding two ounces. What
is franked when less than two ounces does not
incumber the maiis to any considerable extent.
It is a benefit to the people of the country that
they may.correspond with members of Congress,
ana that members of Congress may answer them,
and, if you please, that the speeches of members
of Congress may be distributed among the people
in the most convenient form both for preservation
and for use. I think that we shall get rid of the
great abuses of the system, when we strike a
blow at the franking of the public documents and
the books. We shall then get rid of the whole
printing of the books and documents, arid get nd
of their frankmg.
Mr. President, I am willing to go thus far. For
myself, perhaps 1 would go further and abolish
the whole franking privilege altogether, for I re-
gard it, so far from being a privilege to the mem-
ber of Congress, as a burden upon him personally
and individually; but in relation to the amend-
ment to this bill, I am not disposed to vote for it.
I have no difficulty whatever with the proviso.
I shall vote for the proviso and for the amendment
as amended by the honorable Senator from Geor-
gia, at the suggestion of the honorable Senator
from Rhode Island, because I think it makes the
proviso perfectly clear.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I may as well state at this
stage of the proceedings as at any other, the con-
siderations that will govern my votes on the va- !
nous amendments. I do not think it is wise, on
a deficiency bill, to encumber it with legislation
upon other subjects. I believe it will delay it
and do gieat injustice to contractors whose money
has long since been due, and who are suffering
for the want of it. My votes will be governed
with reference to the speedy passage of the defi-
ciency bill, rejecting all this legislation, without
any intimation as to how my vote would be when
these propositions coine up by themselves. I am
prepared to cooperate in ihe abolition of the frank-
ing privilege, if it is deemed desirable, on a bill
for thatpurpose by itself; but I will not encumber
this bill either with the abolition of the franking
privilege, or the raising of postage, or any other
new legislation that I do not think properly be-
longs to it. This money is due, past due; con-
tractors are being broken, their fortunes are being
sacrificed for the want of the money, and I think
we are opening up a debate that is going to delay
their getting it for weeks; and for one, I am op-
posed to the delay and am not willing to be re-
sponsible for the delay in the payment of our
debts.
Mr. FOOT. Mr. President, I am inclined to
submit a very few words of remark on the bill
before us in connection with the the pending amend-
ment to abolish the franking privilege. I have
always given my vote, whenever the question has
been brought before us, m favor of abolishing the
franking privilege fully and unconditionally. I
am prepared to vote for it still, either in the form
of a separate and independent proposition, or even
in the form of an amendment to a general pro-
spective appropriation bill for the Post Office ser-
vice; but, sir, I am not willing to vote for it in the
form of an amendment to the bill before us, for
the reason that, in my judgment, its inevitable
effect will be to embarrass and delay, if notevent-
ually to defeat this bill. With all respect and
deference to the judgment of the Committee on
Finance that reported this amendment, I cannot
but regard it as singularly out of time and out
of place upon this bill; and 1 cannot but express
somewhat of surprise that so experienced and so
practicala legislator as the distinguished chairman
of that committee should have yielded his assent
to a proposition of this kind. It is out of time
and out of place, because there is no pressing haste,
no urgent necessity for the passage of a bill at this
precise time for the abolishment of the franking
privilege. By the very terms of the proposed
amendment, it is not to "take effect for weeks, yea,
for months to come. There is no demand, then,
for hurried and immediate action upon this ques-
tion. There is time enough to consider and act
upon this question a week hence, a month hence,
or six weeks hence, and no public or private in-
terest would suffer by the delay. Not so with the
main bill before us. This is simply a bill making
an appropriation of money to enable this Govern-
ment to discharge certain pecuniary obligations
long past due. It embraces no subject of general
legislation; it embraces no subject of questionable
expediency; it embraces nothing but what is of
indispensable necessity to the discharge of existing
Government obligations. It embraces nothing but
what is of urgent, pressing, and present necessity.
It is improper and out of place, then, I respect-
fully submit, to incorporate into it any matter not
strictly germane to the purposes of the bill, any j
matter of general legislation, any matter of doubt- I
ful expediency, any matter not demanding imme-
diate action, and, above all, any matter which is
likely to lead to protracted debate in either House,
and hence to delay, if not to defeat, the passage
of this bill. This bill simply provides the means
of meetinga present and extraordinary emergency,
and for nothing else. Why, then, shall we encum-
ber it with other and foreign matter which, at best,
must have the effect to postpone, for a longer or
a shorter period, its final passage? Sir, the mail
contractors and others employed in the postal ser-
vice of the country have suffered long, and suffered
severely; and some of them, to my knowledge,
have suffered to the very point of bankruptcy and
ruin, by the delinquency of the Government. But
they have waited, and waited patiently, and waited
hopefully, with reliance upon the faith of this Gov-
ernment that immediately upon the assembling of
Congress relief would be provided for them. They
have already been put off more than two months
from the time they had reason to expect this re-
lief from the Government, on account of the delay
in the organization of the House of Representa-
tives. The House of Representatives have acted
well and wisely and justly in acting so promptly,
after their organization, m passing this bill and
sending it to us, simply providing for an existing
exigency. I trust the Senate will throw no ob-
stacles m the way of its immediate passage. It is
not pretended that the bill contains any matter
which ought not to have been there. On the other
hand, it is not pretended that any matter is omit-
ted in the bill which ought to have been there, for
tha purpose of carrying out the single object of
the bill—to pay an existing indebtedness to which
the faith of this Government is pledged. The bill
was all right, then, to the extent of its sole object
and purpose, in meeting a present emergency.
This question of abolishing the franking priv-
ilege we can take up and act upon at any time,
and I care not how soon after the passage of this
bill. As we have been informed by the honor-
able Senator from Kentucky, who addressed us
this afternoon, there is now pending before the
Senate a bill for that very purpose, and now un-
der consideration before the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, introduced by that
honorable Senator some weeks ago, upon leave;
and I stand ready, whenever that bill shall be
reported from that committee, to give my vote for
it whenever the Senate shall see fit to take it up
for consideration. But, sir, I cannot and will not
vote for this measure upon this bill, for the rea-
son, I repeat, that its effect must be to endanger
or delay its passage; and I will not consent, by
any vote of mine, to endanger, to embarrass, or
even to delay the passage of a bill, the immediate
passage of which is imperatively demanded by
the necessities of the occasion; a bill exclusively
designed to meet a present emergency; a bill as
urgent and as indispensable, let me say, as the
redemption of this Government's pledge of honor.
For these reasons, sir, briefly stated, I must
give my vote against this proposed amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Mr. Presi-
dent 
Mr. HUNTER. I want to make a very few
remarks, in reply to the suggestions of the Sena-
tor from Vermont, as to the propriety of making
this amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I am in the
same line; and perhaps you might as well fire at
us in the lump.
Mr. HUNTER. Very well.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I have listened
to the remarks of the Senator from Vermont, on
the other side of the Chamber, and I have heard,
also, those of the Senator from Illinois on this
side, and I must say that I entirely concur with
them. I think I can turn with entire confidence
to the Senator from Georgia for confirmation of
the statement, that I have most earnestly striven
with him from the first upon this subject; and,
not only upon this question, but upon a propo-
sition which, in my judgment, would affect the
public interest much more than this, and would
tend, still more than even this reform, to increase
the revenues of the Department. With reference
to the general question, without regard to the little
petty provisions of amendments as to the manner
in which we shall bring about an abolition of the
franking privilege, if it is to be done, I must sug-
gest to the Senate that, in my judgment, it should
not be put on this bill.
I have listened to not less than five of the Re-
publican party, on the other side of the House,
who have pledged themselves to vote for the abo-
lition of the franking privilege on a proper occa-
sion; and we know that the entire Democratic
party here is committed to it. This being the
case, it is evident that when a bill comes up for
consideration to which this amendment may prop-
erly be attached, it will then be adopted. It will
not only have the entire vote of the Democratic
side, but, from the declarations of gentlemen on
the other side, which have been permitted to be
made, and have gone unrebuked by their own
friends, they wHl do the same. Then it must be
evident that the franking privilege will be abol-
ished by an almost unanimous vote in this body,
whenever the proposition can, according to gen-
tlemen's views, come up; and they admit that it
must properly come up whenever the regular Post
Office appropriation bill shall be under considera-
tion.
Under these circumstances, I ask, what is to
be achieved by putting it on this bill rather than
putting it on the general Post Office appropria-
tion bill? Nothing. Why? Because, in the first
place, the amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance proposes that this abolition of the franking
privilege shall take effect at a period distant from
this time, the 1st of May; and I apprehend that
according to the suggestion of the Senator from
New Hampshire, [Mr. Hale,] which was due en-
tirely to his wit, it will be placed still further off,
so as to cover the time for all the presidential
conventions. He threw out the suggestion to us
on this side, and I appreciated it, and felt that it
