286
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 2,
36th Cong. .. .1st Sbss. The Political Crisis—The Danger and the Remedy—Mr. English.
Ho. of Eeps.
try, at least, are physical imbecility, disease, and
premature death, moral degradation and social
wretchedness that induces crime, which ends in
infamy, My firm belief is, taking into consideration
the manifest difference of the mental structure of the
two races, that they cannot dwell together in one com-
munity on an equality; nor can the African race
maintain an equality as to numbers even, ■only in a
state oj slavery. Revolting and horrid as this as-
sertion may appear to a class of philanthropists,
nevertheless it can be verified by facts and figures.
The colored population in Massachusetts, had it
increased upon the whites to this time in the same
iatio that it did up to 1787, when slavery was
abolished, would have amounted to more than
two hundred thousand; yet they number, in the
whole State, short of fifteen thousand. In New
York similar facts are presented. Instead of more
than live hundred thousand, which would have
I een the result of the ratio of increase up to 1800,
when slavery wks prospectively abolished, there
are at this time scarcely one eighth of that num-
ber.
" According to the statistics of Maryland some
years si nee, the annual mortality among the slaves
was one in seventy-seven; whereas, among the
free blacks, it was one in eighteen, which, at that
time, was about the proportion of deaths among
the colored population in the city of Now York.
Therefore, if the prosperity of a people is to be esti-
mated by their increase in population, surely sla-
very has high claims upon the colored race. "YVe
find by the census of Massachusetts, that it sus-
tains amuch more dense population, and a greater
number of persons to the square mile, than any
other State in the Union; her State and municipal
bounties are peculiarly fitted to increase her popu-
lation; hor superior public schools, to which all,
without distinction of race or color, are admitted
Iree of expense; her academies and colleges, un-
equaled by those of any part of the United States,
are like open to all; her charity institutions, where
the needy are aided, the poor supported, and the
unfortunate cared for, even in Massachusetts,
wheielhe negro is legally on an equality with the
while man, in every respect, where every office of
honor, trust, and emolument, is accessible to and
o/Fered him to stimulate his ambition; still, with
all those helps at his command,he dwindles; and
the number of colored persons, if they had not
become extinct before this, would have been much
smaller than it now is, had not their ranks (which
annually have been so mercilessly thinned by
death) been constantly replenished by fugitives
from the South.
14 Thus, my dear sir, I have endeavored to com-
ply with your request, by giving you my views
of the colored race, derived from my twelve years'
experience as teacher, and the acquaintance dur-
ing that time with that peculiar people. Let me
here assure you that I have none but the kindest
feelings toward them. My remarks, i am per-
fectly aware, are incoherent, but they are honestly
given; and if I have been led into errors, they arc
errors of the head, and not of the heart. You ask
whether my name maybe given. I suppose that
means whether I would consent to have my re-
marks made public with my name attached to
them. In reply, I would say, that I do not object
to having my views of the 'African race' made
public; for 1 believe them to be important; not,
however, because they are my views, but because
thoy arc true, and should be known; but there are
considerations which induce me to prefer that my
name should be withheld; one is the hasty and
unpremeditated manner in which the communica-
tion was prepared. I am willing that extracts
from it should be made public, if, in your opin-
ion, they would be of sufficient importance."
The subject of negro inferiority is so fully and
clearly discussed iu this letter that it is scarcely
necessary for me to resume it.
The truth is, in his own native Africa, the ne-
gro is now, and has been in all ages,'"but one de-
gree removed from the beasts of the field, and so
immeasurably worse off than the slaves of the
South, that the true philanthropist may well thank
Providence for the institution of American sla-
very; and I am told by competent judges that he
is in a far worse condition m Canada, with his
so-called freedom, than he is in slavery in any of
the southern States. (Sec appendix E.) I believe
the negro slaves of this country are better off this
day than the same number of the same racc in any
part of the world; and if he is ever to be elevated,
so as to be fit for self-government, it will be whilst
he is subject to the legal direction of the white race,
under such prudent restrictions as humane white
legislators will ever provide. His place is not
with us in the North, but in the South, where
the climate is congenial to his nature; and 1 be-
lieve the true policy of the free States is to pro-
vide, by restrictive legislation and a judicious
system of colonization, for the entire and abso-
lute separation of the two races.
At last the question of slavery must be left for the
people of each State to determine for themselves.
That is not the question which is now pressing
upon the people of the free States for decision; it
is whether, by the ascendency of this Republican
party, the peace of the whole country shall be endan-
gered, the guarantees of the Constitution violated,
and these free Slates overrun tcith free negroes, to
eat out the substance of the white man, compete tcith
his labor, and trespass upon his political rights.
These are the questions that spring fiom the un-
fortunate and mistaken "irrepressible-conflict"
doctrines of the Republican party.
That there is really no antagonism between
the labor systems of the North and South, and
no cause for estrangement, is evinced by the fact
that where the people of the slave and non-slave-
holding States have the greatest intercourse with
each other, and the best opportunities of knowing
and judging of each other's institutions, there will
be found the greatest friendship and harmony.
Hence, if you will go into that part of Ohio, In-
diana, or Illinois, bordering upon Virginia, Ken-
tucky, and Missouri, you will find less prejudice
against the South and the institution of slavery
than you will find in distant States, like Mas-
sachusetts or Vermont, or even the more remote
portions of the same border States; and 1 believe
the same peculiarity exists everywhere in the bor-
der free States.
It is a remarkable fact, and one that fully vin-
dicates the correctness of my position, that, with
only two exceptions, every border congressional
district in the free States, from the eastern Ohio
line to the mouth of the Ohio river, and thence up
the Mississippi river to the northwest lino of the
State of Missouri—a distance of more than a thou-
sand miles—was represented in the last Congress
by national Democrats, loyal to the Constitution,
and faithful to all the obligations of a common
brotheihood; and there are but four Republicans
in this Republican Congress from this long line
of border districtsj$ind i believe a part of the four
are here rather from accident than otherwise.
And we find the same remarkable and gratify-
ing exhibition at the South; for it is gentlemen
from remote slaveholding States who clamor loud-
est against the alleged bad faith of the North, and
not those from border States like Kentucky and
Missouri, where the best opportunities of form-
ing correct opinions certainly exist. Such bor-
der States necessarily know most and suffer most,
if evils exist; and yet extreme opinions and dec-
larations are but seldom heard fiom them.
Now, why is it that people at a distance, who
must have less knowledge upon the subject, and
less at stake, than those on the border, should
insist upon ultra positions and extreme views ?
Surely those of us in free States, who live near
the border, and have daily intercourse with the
people of the slaveholding States, and daily wit-
ness the workings of slave State institutions, are
better judges of the matter than people who, from
their remote positions, must judge of it fiom ab-
stract ideas and local prejudices. We judge of it
from practical knowledge; they from abstract the-
ories and sectional views. When Republicans
talk about the slave oligarchy and the slave power,
and undertake to depict the deplorable condition
of negroes at the South, we can tell them, uWe
know better than you do." We know the people of
the South, and they areas high-minded, honorable,
kind-hearted, and patriotic as the people of the
North; and, as a general thing, their negro slaves
are well fed, well clothed, kindly treated, and in-
finitely better oiF than negroes now aie, or ever
weie, m Africa; and, we are inclined to think,
quite as much so as the free negroes in Canada, ox-
even in the United States. When they tell us there
is " an irrepressible conflict between the labor sys-
tems of the two sections, which must continue
until one or the other is abolished, and that the
good of the country demands it should be the sys-
tem of the South,'' we tell them again,We know
better." There is no conflict, except that fostered
and kept up by the sectionalism of the Republican
party; ana that, as I have already shown, when
traced to its legitimate and ultimate results, is a
conflict as to whether negroes in this Government
are or are not to be regarded and treated as citi-
zens, equal in political rights with white people.
We know, on the contrary, that the labor sys-
tems of the two sections work together for good
and not for evil, that they aid each other without
injuring either. We must have cotton, sugar,and
rice, especially the former, aryl these grow only
where the sun is too hot for the white man to
work in the fields with comfort or profit; but
where the negro can work and keep slick, healthy,
and fat in the operation. His labor cannot com-
pete with ourlaborattheNorth;norcan our labor
compete with his at the South. All experience
teaches that he will not work effectively without
a master, and therefore we say let Sambo stick to
his cotton.
"Cotton is the material out of which a mighty
cable has been gradually, but inextricably, inter-
woven, not only with the destinies of this Repub-
lic, but of tens upon tens of millions beyond'it,
so as in some measure to have entangled in its web
nearly all civilization. To sever it would produce
new calamities, second only to the sudden and
utter disappearance from the world of iron. The
silk looms, the fine-cloth factories, the potteries,
the glass works, the manufacture of linens, shawls,
laces, and of innumerable articles of use or lux-
ury, might vanish in one night to subside forever
among the lost arts, without occasioning one tithe
the ruin and desolation which the severance of
that humble cotton link would occasion. The
cotton which these negroes of the southern States
produce, clothes at least .sixty millions of the
human race, or what is the same thing, clothes
partially double or treble that number."—Hen-
ningscn.
Whilst they are raising cotton for our use,
and to supply a foreign demand which brings
§150,000,000 into the country every year—more
than is biou^ht in by all the exported products
of the free States—we in the Northwest will be
raising grain to feed them, and not only them,
but, to a considerable extent, those in the East,
and other portions of the woild, who manufacture
the cotton; and thus our farmers will never want
a market for their surplus. That man in theNorth-
west must be dull of intellect, indeed, or strangely
blinded by the prejudice of party, not to sec that
this Republican ideaof an " irrepressible conflict"
—and it is the leading idea of that party—is un-
founded, ill advised, and well calculated to do an
infinite amount of injury. Even if its anti-sla-
very sentiment were "right in theory, it could not
be-carried into practice without doing a vast
amount of evil.
It is a remarkable fact that, of the vast number
who are constantly crying out againsf the institu-
tion of slavery, you wiU but rarely find one who
will pretend to offer any reasonable and practica-
ble method to get rid of it. The great difficulty
is,-that such men forget that this is a practical
world we live in, and jump at conclusions, from
prejudices and visionary theories, that never can
be realized without producing more mischief than
the evils complained of. Even if the masters
would all consent to emancipate their slaves, on
rccqiving their value from the general Treasury,
would it be desirable to carry it into practice?
Only think of it a moment. There are some four
million slaves in the United States, worth at pres-
ent say $1,000 each, making $4,000*000,000; the
interest on which, at six per cent., would amount
to §240,000,000 per annum. Divided amongst the
States, according to population, Indiana's por-
tion would be $160,000,000—forty-four times the
amount of her present debt, which the people even
now feel to be a grievous burden. It would be
absolutely unbearable and out of the question;
but even if it were not, and this or some other
pian could be carried out, and the slaves all set
free, would it not be, after all, like the man who
won the elephant, that he could neither sell, give
