I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28?<
36th Cong.... 1st Sess. The Political Crisis—The Banger and the Remedy—Mr. English.
Ho. of Reps.
away, or keep ? _ What would we do with an ad-
dition of four million to our present stock of free
negroes ? It would all end in a war of races, or
else in a mixture of races, and a degradation of
the white man too horrible for the mind to con-
template,
I appeal to my countrymen, therefore, to set
their face against this whole anti-slavery agitation.
They must see it can do no good, but may do an
infinite amount of evil. Our rapid progress and
great prosperity as a nation are the admiration
of the world; and yet all this time we have had
this institution of slavery in about half the States.
What better proof could we have that the two
systems work togetherfor good and not for evil?
It is not for feeble mortals always to comprehend
the designs of Providence. It maybe that slavery
in this country is the instrument by which and
through which Africa is at last to be lifted up
from her deeply-degraded and barbarous condi-
tion. The problem will be worked out in God's
own good time; and, no doubt, to the advance-
ment of His glory and the welfare of the human
family. Our true policy is to let well enough
alone.
The aggregate number of slaves in the United
States can only be increased by a renewal of the
African slave trade, which all parties oppose; and
whether the number now here and their natural
increase be diffused to some new Territories and
States, where the soil and climate are suitable to
slave labor, or all compressed within the limits of
the present States, is not a matter of very great
concern to us of the North. Humanity, as well
as fairness towards our southern brethren, should
rather incline us to favor a reasonable and just
expansion of southern territory. A partnership
which inures only to the benefit of one party,
where others have equal rights, can hardly be con-
sidered either just or generous; and such would
be the Republican doctrine, that we arencveragain
to admit a slave State under any circumstances.
That matter the Democratic party will leave for
the determination of tht> people when they come to
form for themselves a constitution and State gov-
ernment. That party believes in the equality of
States, but not in the equality of negroes with
white people.
It has been said, in glowing and truthful lan-
guage, which I adopt, and with which I conclude,
that, 44 founded upon the eternal principles of
truth and justice, with the Constitution for its
guide, the prosperity and perpetuity of the Union
for ita aim, the Democratic party has so far re-
tained its integrity unspotted audits power un-
broken. It is now, as it was in the days of old,
the friend of civil and religious freedom, the friend
of the people, and the advocate of the great and
simple truths which the Constitution embodies.
Prejudiced against no section of our common
country; pledged to the support of no measure
that does not insure equal and exact justice to
all; enlisted not in the cause of men, but in de-
fense of principles; it will enter the coming con-
test with the same consciousness of the final tri-
umph of its cause which cheered it in former
struggles—the consciousness that it is the cause
of truth and justice. With the Constitution it
arose; with the Constitution it has lived, and to-
gether with the Constitution it will die. The one
cannot survive the other. Without the Consti-
tution, the Democratic party would be broken up;
without the Democratic party, the Constitution
would become in aday the foot-hall of fanaticism.
The friend of the one may well say of the other,
esto peitpdtua!"
APPENDIX.
A.
Governor Smith's statement of a conversation with
Senator Seward.
The following statement was made on the floor
of the House of Representatives, December 24,
1859, by Hon. William Smith, of Virginia.
(See Congressional Globe, pp. 238, 239:)
" 1 will repeat the substance of what occurred. On one
occasion, when I was Governor of Virginia, while sitting
in the council chamber of our State, with one or two of-
ficials aiound mo, a polite and m bearing a genteel stran-
ger stepped m, and announced himself a* Mr. Seward, of
New York. He was so youthful m appearance, that I did
not imagine he was the ex-Governor of that pioud Com-
monwealth. I asked linn to take a seat. He expressed a
wish to see the Lieutenant Goveinoi, and stated that he
had an official acquaintance with him. 1 understood that
there had been a very angry controversy before that be-
tween the authorities of Viiginia and the authorities of
New Yoik, or rather Govemoi Seward. I sent for the
Lieutenant Governor, and in the mean time we entered
into a conversation iexpecting the exhaoidinary doctrines
of that controversy. Diu ing that conversation, speaking of
Governor Davis, of Massachusetts, I at once inferred it
must be the ex-Governor of New Yoik with whom I was
conversing. 1 then said to him that I presumed I was eon-
versing with cx-Governor Seward, of New York. He
said yes ; and we continued the conversation.
"There was at that time some considerable agitation
about a convention in our State, and also m New York;
and we entered into a conversation in respect to our respect-
ive State conventions. We soon got upon the light of suf-
frage. He said that, in their convention, they would soon
settle that question, and have no future difficulty, lie said,
1 Wc mean all shall vote.' 'All?'said I. 'Yes,' he replied,
'everybody; and only requiring residence.' 'What! col-
ored people and all?5 ' Yes; colored people and all.' [
then said to him that, from the manner m winch lie treated
the subject, lie relieved me very much of one oi my most
serious difficulties. As Governor of Virginia, it had been
my pleasuie,and my duty, I conceive, to press the question
of emigrating our I'icc negiocs/rom vwthm the borders of
Virginia. I told him that the difficulty was, that we did not
know exactly whereto send them; that I did not desire the
emigration of free negroes from any unkmdness to them , but
because they weic a demoralizing link between the white
men and the slaves; that, under our institutions and our
convictions,it was impossible lbi them to have these advant-
ages and means ot improvement of which it was claimed
that they were capable; and therefore we desire to send
them among their sympathizer, that they might show that
they weie equal to white men. 1 stated that t was relieved
from that difficulty, because New York would have no dif-
ficulty m receiving that class of poisons, as he assured me.
He replied: i None, none; we will receive them with great
pleasme. IVc have a great deal of difficulty with the Ger-
man and Irish voters in times of election; uc have to raise
a great deal oj money to sccui e their vote. 'The rascals take
our money, and then vote against us ; hut wc have no such
trouble with (he colored ?ncn.' I replied. < Thi-> i* a vciy
remaikable conversation, 1 nmvt bf allowed to say, and X
can conies'? to you that, with every cargo we "tend North,
wo are in the habit of sending a ccitain number ot tiee pas-
sago ; and we would be very glad, for all fcueh that we tend,
to take back good-hearted Genitalis and Irishmen, of whom
we can make good citizens.' We went on to speculate
upon the subject. 1 mentioned the eonveisatiuu to Seiuitoi
Footc some time alter it occuiied, and he, T believed, m-
tioduced it into the Senate, and called the attention ot that
body to it. The Senatortrom New York, 1 understand, said
nothing in leply to Senator Foote's exposition of the mat-
ter. although it was said that the gentleman's silence would
be legarded as giving consent, and I also understood that a
paper conducted by Mr. Ritchie made the charge, and the
Albany Journal denied it.
" What I have said upon this subject ha3 been entirely
aeemding to my recollection this day.
" Mr. Farnsworth. I would inquire of the gentleman
when that conversation took place?
"Mr. Smith, of Virginia. In 1647 or 1848, in the city of
Richmond.
"Mr. Farnsworth. In the gentleman's office ?
"Mr. Smith, of Virginia. In the public council cham-
ber.
" Mr. Farnsworth. Who were^esent ?
"Mr. Smith, of Virginia. Some two or three gentlemen
were present. I will say turther, that Senator Foote told
me he Uftei wards had a laugh with Senator Seward upon
the subject, and that that gentleman did not question the
accuracy of his exposition of that matter.
" Mr. Farnsworth. I would like to inquire of the gen-
tleman whether he also had a laugh with Governor Seward
about it?
"Mr. Smith, of Virginia. No, sir; I did not. Mr. Sew-
ard was a stranger to me. Wc talked upon grave ques-
tions as strangers ; and upon the discussion of grave ques-
tions laughter would not be likely to occur."
B.
J1 few more instances of anti-slavery and negro equal-
ity doctrines reduced to practice—the rcsxilt of
amalgamation—a white wife prosecutcs her negro
husband for cruelty—the story of her married life.
"Among the cases on the police docketthis morning was
that ot James Akers, a colored haiber, for creating a dis-
turbance. The complaint was made by his wife, a white
woman about, nineteen years of age." * * * *
'• Mis. Akei« is a young woman of come attraction. She
say-* she loves Akeis dearly; but cannot endure to be
tieated m the manner he serves her. She says he has re-
peatedly thientened to take her life; and he has his razors
secreted in diffeient places, so as to be ready on any emer-
gency. He is a diunkcn, dissolute tellow. The troubles
i and trials of the ill-as<oried couple are the natural con-
sequences of their disgusting connection."—Cleveland
Herald.
A Negro, seventy years of age, marries a White
Girl of twenty.
"A singular mairiage took place in this city last evening,
says the Cincinnati Gazette (a Republican paper) of the
24th of last month. A negro, a shade darker in hue than
the ace oi spades, is represented to have led to the hymeneal
altar a voumi and not bad looking white girl. The dispar-
ity m color was, however, only equaled by the difference
in ages—the bridegioom veiging on threescore years and
ten, while twenty summers have not yet passed.over the
head of the bride. The fact that the matnage was to take
place was known to those inhabiting the upper part of the
city, and when the marital rites were performed, a crowd,
large in numbers and promiscuous in character, partici-
pated. The name of the patriarchal old swain is Winston,
and the girl, Mary Cam."
Another White Girl Elopes with a Negro in Michi-
gan—Practical Abolitionism.
A case of practical amalgamation has just come to light
in our neighboring county of Washtenaw, which is, as
usual, replete with the disgusting features which charac-
terize these affaire. A young girl, seventeen years of age,
a daughter of Mr, Hiram L. Stout, of the town of Sharon,
eloped a day or two since with a negro boy who wasin the
service of her father, and, it is thought, has gone with him
Canada. The sabie seducer's name is Bill Strong, and
he is about twenty-three years old. The girl is an intelli-
gent, well-educated female, and no reason can be assigned
tor her conduct, except that her father is an Abolitionist of
the unadulterated stripe, and taught, as the repentant Jud-
son did, that a negro was a little better than anybody else.
The parents arc nearly distracted over the occurrence, and
are making every effort to recover their daughter. She has
always been looked upon with esteem and lespect, and the
whole community were taken by surprise when the facts
were revealed. No suspicion was excited by the conduct
of the couple, their love scenes having been transacted
strictly in private. TheywentatfiisttothevillageofNapo-
leon, where they tried to get married, but could find nobody
to perform theeeiemony. From there they departed for un-
known localities, and are supposed, reasonably enough, to
have made a btiaight wake for the Canadian territories.
Mr. Stout has always pieached the abolition dogma. We
imagine that he will eschew amalgamation doctrines here-
after, and join the experienced Judson in supporting a
! tiaight Demociatic ticket. Ptactical teachings aie severe,
but effective.—betroit Free Prc&s, Jipril 25.
Amalgamation Ball in New York.
A grand amalgamation ball came off not long since,
says the New Yoik News, at the Assembly Rooms, Prince
stieet, composed entirely of black men and white women;
no white man oi black woman was admitted.
The room was tastefully decorated with banner?, flags,
&c., and the portuuts ot celebrated Abolitionist:*, conspic-
uous among the. number being a hcautiiul coloied photo-
graph ot John Drown, s*ui rounded by a wicath of laurel. At"
one o'clock the festivities were brought to a closc by the
arrival of Dioadway gamblers and shouldei-lntters, with
bags of lioorand soot concealed about their per&orn. They
commenced by throwing the Hour over the black men, and
the soot on the white women. At this juneanc the lights
were extinguished, and then commenced a scene winch
beggars description.
Another Amalgamation Case.
The Troy Arena says that quite an excitement exists in
a certain quarter in that city, in regard to the marriage of a
white woman and a daikey, as also the attempted suicide
of another white woman, who fell in Jove with a negro who
is a married man and has a family. *1 he marriage of the
former took place last week, and was on account of being
recently divorced from her husband, who is a respectable
man, anil resides in that city. The parents oi the woman
reside in Aljmny. They formerly lived in Tioy, and are *
highly esteemed. The motive is said to be revenge. The
parties were married by a colored mmistci, and arc living;
together m the lower part of Tioy.
c.
Proceedings in the Senate of Indiana upon a resolu-
tion in relation to negro equality.
" Mr. Gooding (Democrat) offered the following resolu-
tion :
" ' Resolved, That, in the opinion of this Senate, it is in-
expedient to allow negroes or mulattocs to attend as schol-
ars to the common schools of th is State, or to give testimony
in our courts of justice against white persons.'
"Mr. Suit (Republican) moved to lay the resolution on
the table.
" The aves and noes being demanded by Senators Wal-
lace and liefiYen, those v.lm voted m the affiimative were—
" Messrs. Bearss, Blair, Bobhs, Bur he, Chapman, Cooper,
Crane, Cravem, Crouse, Drew, Knsey. Green, Griggs,
Hendry, Hill, Kuiley, March, Parker, liicc, Stevens, Suit,
Thomj>9on, t^eir, and JVeston—24.
(Republicans m Italic; Americans in small capitals;
Democrats in Roman.)
" Those who voted in the negative were—
" Messrs. Brown, Fisk, Freeland, Goodmg, Hargrove,
Hcffien, Hosteller, Johnston, Mansfield, McOlurc, McLean,
Richardson, Rugg, Sage, Slater of Deaiborn, and Wallace
—16.
" So the resolution was laid on the table."—Senate Jour-
nal of 1857, p. 603.
D.
Letter of Hon. II. L. Dawes, a distinguished Repub-
lican member of Congress from Massachusetts, on
'* the disabilities imposed upon free colored per-
sons by the constitutions of many of the so-called
free States."
North Adams, Mass., September 23, 1859.
Dear Sir: Yours of the 12th, inclosing a copy of the
resolutions recently adopted by.a convention of colored cit-
izens of New England, assembled at Boston, was received
here in my absence from home, or it would have been sooner
acknowledged. I am greatly obliged to the convention tor
the complimentary notice it was pleased to take of myself
in one of its resolutions.
The disabilities imposed upon free colored -persons by the
constitutions of many of the so-called free States have very
properly found place in the deliberation of tiie convention.
Indeed, the position which the free colored citizen shall
