2674
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
United States, to tiie extent the claimants may fail to es-
tablish their title in said suit."
Mr. DAVIS. I do not understand what is to
be the value of the section after you strike that
out. I am in favor of striking it all out; but here
it t?ays that if suit is not brought in a certain time,
a penalty is imposed. If you strike out the pen-
alty, it is useless to fix a time.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator does not under-
stand it. The re st of the section will then be
directory. I do not consider the whole section
obnoxious to any criticism. If the whole sec-
tion stood, it would not alfect the title of the !
Houmas claimants, if they never sued at all; but j
notwithstanding the bill, they might have brought j
their action at common law. Still, us that chum j
i*s made—I styled it a pretext, not to reflect !i
on any Senator, but to express, in my judgment,
the utter futility of the claim—I am willing to
meet it. It would not have affected the title m
law a particle if the original section stood; but,
inasmuch as that claim has been setup, that those
words amount to a confiscation, i propose to
strike them out. This second section is, then,
merely directory.
Atr. BAYARD. The second section was struck
out in Committee of the Whole on a motion tu
amend.
Mr. PUGH. The question is on concurring
in that amendment.
Mr. BAYARD. On amotion to concur in the
amendment, can you move to amend the amend-
ment as adopted i a committee ?
Mr. PUGH. You can move to amend the
words to be stricken out.
Mr. BAYARD. Can you move to amend the
amendment? You must cither concur or non-
concur, it strikes me. I make the question for
the Chair to decide. You may non-coiiour in the
amendment, and then you may move to strike
out a portion of (ho section.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. We had better take it
as it is.
Air. BAYARD. I would rather have it done
in proper form.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the Senator !
from Delaware makes that question of oider, the j
Chair will decide it. He thinks the Senator from j
Delaware is right. The question must be taken
on concurring with the action of the. Committee !
of the Whole on striking out the whole section. j
If the Senator from Delawaie insists un that as a |
question of order, the Chair thinks he is right. !
That must be the qurslion.
Mr. BAYARD, i do make it.
Mr. GREEN. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
The motion was not agreed to. j
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
strictly is, " Will the Senate concur with the Com-
mittee of the Whole in striking oat the second sec-
tion?"
Mr. TOOMBS. I hone it will be stricken out, :
and then my amendment ran conv m. !
The amendment striking out the second section i
was concurred in.
Mr.TOOMBS. Now I move my amendment in^;
lieu of that stricken out.
Mr. GltEEN. I did not vote on the last ques- ,
tion; and it is proper for mc to wtnte that the Sen- ,
ator from North Carolina [Air. Clinomak] and 1
myself have paired off. I do not want to be mis- |
understood.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will I
state that, according to the usage of the Senate, i
the practice is to act on all the amendments m the |
Senate which have been acted on m Committee
of the Whole. There is another tunc ndment (hat
was made in committee.
Mr. TOOMBS. That w<"is a mere formal one, ,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The qu< stion ,
is on concumng m the following amendment, m ,
section three, lines one and two. to strike out: i
To enable said claimants to comply with tin; lurching
section tins act." ;
The amendment was concurred m. ,
Mr. TOOMBS. I now offer my amendment, j
as a second section, in heu of that stricken out: i
Jind be it fiat her enacted. That Congress hereby relUE.e«s j
to eonfnm to the claimants, undei the Houmas giant, the j
lands embraced in certificates numbered one bundled and ;
twenty-live to William Conway, numbered one hundred |
and twenty-seven to Daniel Clark, and numbered one hun- j
dred and thirty-three to Donaidaon & Scott. 1
Mr. POLK. Do these certificates, together,
comprehend the first forty arpents, and also forty
arpents back of that ?
Mr. TOOMBS. These certificates embrace the
whole of the Houmas grant.
Mr. POLK. Front as well as back ?
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, sir. We decline con-
firmation, and let them stand on their title.
Mr. WIGFALL. I beg leave to introduce an
amendment, to be added to the amendment of the
Senator from Georgia:
And ail other claims under any other grants to lands con-
tained within the limits of the s-aid Ilouina* grant, and des-
ignated in th<; taid certuieatu-* above mentioned
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope that it will not be done,
for one single reason. I do net know their con-
dition. The Semite has charged no committee
with it, in any s>hape or form. I do not know
whether it is light or wrong. This I have ex-
amined, and know it is right to do it. The other
I have not examined, and do not know whether
it is right or wrong.
Air."WIGFALL. Aly reason for offering the
amendment wa.; that even-handed justice might
be done. I do not intend to discuss it, but state
my motive. It appears from the statements from
the Land Office, which were read to-day by the
Senator from Louisiana, that every Spanish and
French grant in the limits of the Houmas claim
has been affirmed. This Houmas grant has been
affirmed bv the act of June 2, 1858. It is now
proposed to lepeai the act of 1858. If so, then
repeal the other acts affirming the other grants
from Spain and France, and leave them all together
upon an equal and fair footing, to fight tins ques-
tion of legal titles outamongst themselves. That
isa my ieason for adding that. It puts eveiy grant
on precisely the same footing.
Air. BENJAMIN. I do not desire to vote for
thW amendnu at. I shall vote against the amend-
ment of my fnend from Texas; and I trust the
Senate will then vote down the amendment of the
Senator fiom Georgia. This whole debate has
gone on on the ground that the object was to set
parties back wheie they were before. The Sen-
ator from Georgia now proposes dircct legislation
m opposition to the lights of these parties, inde-
pendent of repealing; this law; that Confess ^hall
go on and legislate a^aius.t them. 1 hone the Si nate
will vote that down, I shall vote agauibt the
amendment of the Senator from Texas.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now io on the amendment of the Senator from
Georgia.
Air. BAYARD. I should like to have the yeas
and nays on that.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Air. GllEEN. I have paired off with the Sen-
ator from North Carolina, [Air. Cuxomvx.]
Air. CilOWN. I am requested by the Senator
i fiom Floiida [Mr. ALvllory] to state that he is
paired off with the Senator from Illinois, [Air.
Trumbull;] he being in favor of the bill, and the
Senator from Florida against it.
Air. LATHAM. I desire to say that I am in
favor of putting the parties all back exactly where
they were; but I think this goes further. I there-
fore vote against this amendment.
The result was announced—yeas 27, iwys 18;
as follows:
YKA8—Mcpsn?. Anthony, Bingham. Biown. Chandler,
("bilk, ('ullam<'i, Cultenden, ilivun, Durkrf. i'e-^endcu,
ritzpiitu''k, footer, Hale, Hamlin, Italian, Johnson <>t At-
kati.-as. Johnson of Tennessee, Kn.g, Peaic". i'uyh, ^mi-
llions, Sumner, TenEyck, Toombs, Wade, Wilkinson, and
WJHou—'27.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Benjamin, Brass, (Jhe^-nut. Da-
ws, iJO'ilittl'', Gwin, Hammond, Hemphill", Iluntur, Ken-
nedy, Lane, Latham, Mason, Folk, ilice, Tnomson, and
Wjtj'f'ili —li,
So the amendment was agreed to.
Air. BENJAMIN. I move to strike out the
third s> ction, which is just the same as the second
section that was stricken out. I find that the third
section contains the same provision.
Air. TOOMBS. I feel no great consequence
about the third section; but it is to enable these
gentlemen to sue. I do not see that it does any-
thing else.
Air. BENJAMIN. If the Senator will permit
me, it is a direct declaration that if they do not
sue within two years they shall have no title to be
asserted anywhere in th% world.
Air. TOOAIBS. That is exactly what I mean,
and that is the condition of your citizens with im-
perfect titles.
Mr. BENJAMIN. But was that ever intended
for a perfect title?
Mr. TOOMBS. It is as good for one as the
other.
Air. BENJAMIN. To say that if he does
not sue on it within two years we shall sell it?
Air. TOOAIBS. I have answered that argu-
ment often enough. *
Mr. BENJAMIN. Here is the fifth section
of the act of 1824, which is proposed to be adopted
in this bill:
Skc. o. rfnd be it further enacted, That any claim to
laiuK tenement.-, or heieditament.-, \\ it!>m the purview of
this: act. which ->hail not be (nought by petition before the
said coasts w itinn two year- from tne pass-mc ol tin ; act, or
wluch, after being hiought before the said touits, shall, on
account of the neglect or delay of the claim uits, not be
prosecuted to a linal decision within thiee year-;, thai! be
lo.evei baried, both at ktw and [in] equity, and no other
action at common law or pioceedmg in equity shall ever
thereaitei lie sustained in any court whatever, m relation
to i.aid ekum^.
Now, the question is, if that is to be the law of
these parties; that is, the act of 1824, which it is
proposed to adopt into this bill. It is because I
consider that section as a very outrageous section
Lhat I move to strike it out. It is the same pro-
vision as was in the second section.
Mr. COLLAAIER. Let the third section,
which it is proposed to strike out, be read.
The Sccietary read it, as follows:
k*Si;c. «f. *ind be it fuither enactcd, That to enable said
claunatit^ to comply with the foiei*oing section ol this act,
the act of the 26th May, 1824, entitled 'An art to enable
claimants to land within the State of Missouri and Terri-
toj\ of Aikansa* to institute proceedings to ti> the\alidity
ot ilioii land-;/ as revtveu and extended to Louisiana and
other States, by the act of the l?tli June, ]£44, be. and the
same is hereby, extended so as to meiude said claimants
within its piovision-j, and to give the district comt or the
United States, of the distuct m which the disputed lands
aie situated, jiui.sdiction over the same.''
Mr. PUGH. Before the question is taken on
striking out, I move to insert, after the word
" piovisions," in the icntii line, the words " for
the term of two years from the passage of this
1 act."
i Mr. CRITTENDEN. The act revived pre-
scribes the limit of three years. Let that stand.
| Mr. PUGH. Very well. I think the act of
181!, which revives and extends that law to Lou-
isiana, gives three years; but in order to remove
that objection, 1 will give three years from this
date,
Mr. WIGFALL. Does the Senator from Ohio
insist thatpersons having perfect rights, undoubted
titles, shall bring suit for their own places within
two years against the Government ?
Mr. PUGH. No; I only say, if they do not
bring them within that time, they shall not have
the benefit of this law. That is all—a statute of
limitations. I will say, for the space of three
years.
Mr. TOOAIBS. I will merely state, if gentle-
men consider it a matter of consequence, very
well. All the object I have desired to accomplish
is attained by the first section, which repeals the
second section of the act of 1858. This section
acts affirmative!^ and compels the parties neces-
sarily to avail themselves of some mode of set-
tling this business. They may do that them-
| sehes. This is made in favor of them—nothing
[ Mr. BENJAMIN. We do not want such favors
| as these.
: Air. TOOMBS. If the gentleman does not want
i it, I om content to strike out the section.
I Mr. BENJAA1IN. Let it go.
! Air. PUGH. I differ with my friend from
Georgia. I want to settle the controversy, and I
insist on retaining the section. I insist, therefore,
on the motion to insert after the word '•provis-
ions,'' the woids "for the space of three years,"
in order that they may have a chance.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
of the Senator from Ohio will be first put.
Mr. DAVES. That is an amendment to the
motion of the Senator from Louisiana to strike
out the section?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is so.
Mr. DAVIS. I am willing to vote to restore
the parties to the position they held before the
legislation of 1858; it having been asserted, time
1 and again, that that legislation was not intelli-
