1730
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 16,
barna proposes simply to state the grounds on
which he thinks it ought to be reconsidered. I
shall then have only a word or two to say in an-
swer, and a test vote can be taken.
Mr. BIGLER. It is now three o'clock, and it
will take probably ail hour to dispose of this bill
of mine. I would yield most cheerfully, if I did
not feel that the Senator's- proposition was one
which was likely to lead to a general discussion
and occupy time; and I hardly see why he should
ask me to yield to a proposition of this kind. It
is a bill in reference to appropriations, I under-
stand, for the harbor of Chicago—one of the most
mooted points.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will state to the Senator
that the joint resolution simply authorizes the e;c-
Eenditure of an unexpended balance of a light-
ouse appropriation, for the Chicago pier. I
entered a motion to reconsider it out of courtesy
to the Senator from Alabama; I felt bound, un-
der the circumstances, to do so, to enable him to
state his objections. The delay is placing me in
a false position. I am standing as apparently
postponing the measure, when I only made the
motion out of courtesy, and of course shall vote
against it. The Senator from Alabama and my-
self have boen trying to get it up, but we cannot
do so withoutantagonizing with some gentleman's
speech. I must leave it to the Senate.
M[r. BIGLER. Of course I shall be satisfied
with the judgment of the Senate, as I have en-
deavored frequently to get this measure before
the Senate. It is a bill which interests a class
of benefactors to the country. For five years tkey
have come hero simply begging for these facilities,
for which they are willing to pay, and they have
never received consideration. This bill is indis-
pensable to the efficient operations of the Patent
OfficS, and it concerns a class of people who come
here for no favor, but simply that you will give
them such facilities and instrumentalities in that
department as they are willing to pay for, and
as are indispensable to answer the ends for which
it was created.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, what is the or-
der of business?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is, that the Senate proceed to the consideration of
Senate bill No. 10.
Mr. BROWN. What has become of the reso-
lutions?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstood them to be passed by informally with
the consent of the Senator from Mississippi.
Mr. BROWN. Not at all. I have been pro-
testing against it all the time.
Tim PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the res-
olutions are before the Senate, and in order.
Mr. BROWN. I have nothing to say about
them, only that I desire to keep tlieni before the
Senate in order to take a vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstood the Senator to consent to passing them
over informally, in order to allow the Senator from
Pennsylvania to take up his bill.
Mr. BIGLER. I understood so; but if there
is any difficulty about it, I move to postpone the
further consideration of the resolutions for the
present.
Mr. HALE. I am not going to discuss'the
resolutions; but I want to state the reasons why
they should not be postponed. I think it is of
importance to the country—and I have no doubt
the mover of the resolutions thinks so—that we
should have a vote on them before our Charleston
convention meets. [Laughter.] We might just
as well look the thing right 111 the face, and let
gentlemen show their hands. Let us act now;
our friends are in the city waiting for what light
we can give them; and I do hope the Senate will
be kind enough to show their hand on these res-
olutions before the convention sits, and that is
the reason why I do not think they ought to be
postponed; that is all.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
and seconded to postpone the consideration of all
previous orders, for the purpose of proceeding to
the consideration of Senate bill No. 10.
Mr. BIGLER. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yens and nays were ordered.
Mr. HALE. I want to know if that is a com-
pound question. I desire it to be put singly. I
ask whether you can make your motion to post-
pone these resolutions and take up something
else in one motion, or whether it does not require
a separate motion after we postpone these resolu-
tions ?
Mr. CLAY. It is a very common motion; it
is entertained every day.
Mr. BIGLER. There is a right to postpone
all previous orders.
xhe PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is, to postpone all previous orders for the purpose
of proceeding to the consideration of the bill indi-
cated.
Mr. CLAY. I suppose the Senator might
have the motion divided, if he thought proper.
Mr. HALE. I ask for a division.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
regards it as divisible, and the Chair will put the
question on the first branch—on the postpone-
ment.
Mr. HUNTER. Does the Chair decide that
it is divisible?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks it is. Does the Senator call for the yeas
and nays on that?
Mr. BIGLER. I called for them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will call the roll.
The question, being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 27, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Benjamin, Bigler, Bragg, Chesnut, Clay,
Clingman, Davis, Fitch, Fitzpatrick, Gwin, Hemphill,
Hunter, Iverson, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of Ten-
nessee, Kennedy, Lane, Latham, Mason, Nicholson, Polk,
l'owell, Sebastian, Slidell, Thomson, Toombs, and Wig-
fall—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Brown, Chandler,
Clark, Collamer, Dixon, Doolittie, Douglas, Durkee, Fes-
senden, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Hale, Hamlin, Hailan, Sew-
ard, Simmons, Sumner,Ten lSyek, Trumbull, Wade, Wil-
kinson, and Wilson—25.
So Mr. Brown's resolutions were postponed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now recurs on the second branch of the proposi-
tion—to proceed to the considcrationofbillNo. 10.
Mr. HALE. I want to make one or two sug-
gestions to the Senate which arc practical. I do
not wish that bill taken up at the present time. I
shall not say anything in relation to the merits of
the bill, except simply to say that the bill makes
very important changes in a very important law.
I have heard from the Senator from Pennsylva-
nia who reports it, that it is in accordance with
the views of the administration of ™at depart-
ment, to wit: the Commissioner of Patents; but,
sir, I am very far from being satisfied that it does
accord with the wislftsand feelings of the invent-
ors, those who furnish the money and who do
the business. I have known some attempts of
this sort for a number of years past, and I have
011 some occasions stood between the inventors
and the passage of a similar bill. I simply desire
time to consult one or two of these inventors, who,
I know, are in the city, to be sure that it meets
their concurrence.
While I am up I will state that, since this bill
has been alluded to this morning I have been
called upon by one of those voiy gentlemen, in-
terested in procuring patents, whoassurcs me that
onfc feature of the bill is of the highest import-
ance and exceedingly detrimental to their inter-
ests, and opposed to their views; and that is that
which takes away an appeal from the Commis-
sioner to the judiciary. But I will not discuss
the merits of the bill. That is one of the changes.
Mr. BIGLER. Really the Senator can discuss
this bill very much better when it is up. Let us
take up the bill, and discuss it.
Mr. HALE. I am not going to discuss it; but
am simply assigning a few reasons why it should
not be taken up at this time. 1 say a bill contain-
ing such important provisions as this should not
be taken up at three o'clock in the evening, and
with a thin Senate; and I want time simply to con-
sult these inventors, and know if it meets their
views; and if it docs, I am sure I shall not oppose
'it. 1 do not personally care anything about the
bill one way or another; but I know I have stood,
in times past, between the inventors and the ad-
ministration of the Interior Department, which
sent bills here prepared to meet their views, that
were oppressive to the inventors. I hope the bill
will not be taken up by the Senate at this time.
Mr. BIGLER. Every reason which the Sen-
ator has given is rather a reason in favor of taking
up the bill. I ask him how the bill will ever be
understood by the Senate, unless it be taken up,
and discussed, and considered,and looked at; be-
cause it will never be examined so long as it re-
mains here untouched. I propose to take up the
bill; and I will run over the several sections on
behalf of the committee, and explain them as rap-
idly as I can. There are doubtless more features
than one in this bill which may be matters of dif-
ference of opinion. That feature to which the
Senator has referred, is one about which there is
some difference of opinion; but, sir, let us take up
the bill, and look at it in its various features, and
decide upon it. I can see no reason whatever in
all that the Senator has said against considering
the bill at this time.
The motion to take up the bill was agreed to;
there being, on a division—ayes 21, noes 16.
HOUMAS LAND GEANT.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Before the bill is consid-
ered, I desire to trouble the Senate for a moment
®n a question personal to myself. I have waited
before saying anything until I should see the hon-
orable Senator from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] back
amongst us. The Senate is aware that some time
ago a special committee was raised for the pur-
pose of taking into consideration a petition for
the repeal of certain legislation which I had rec-
ommended in a report to the Senate some two
years ago, and which passed on my recommenda-
tion. That committee has reported, recommend-
ing the repeal of that legislation. With that report,
for the present, I have nothing to do. I retain
my own well-considered opinion that the legisla-
tion which it is proposed to repeal, was wise,
just, and proper legislation, and that the repeal
would be unwise and mischievous. The reasons
for that I shall give at some future time. I should
not trouble the Senate on this subject, but friends
at home have sent me a scries of newspaper re-
ports from which it appears that somebody, for
some cause which I am unable to divine, has
taken the trouble, with great pains, to write to
nearly every paper in the State which is in the
Opposition, a statement, that in commenting upon
the legislation previously had before the Senate,
and in recommending its repeal, my personal
character was involved in some way. Now, sir,
it is a matter which I should look upon with en-
tire contempt were it not that the honor of my
State is involved in it somewhat;and it professes
to depend on the action of a committee of the
Senate. I have, therefore, waited for the return of
the chairman of that committee, 111 order to put the
question to him that it may be understood ex-
plicitly in the Senate and in my State, whether,
m the investigation touching this legislation be-
fore the committee—what that investigation was,
I know not—there was anything in the slightest
degree impugning the purity of my motives, the
rectitude of my conduct, or the integrity of my
character as a man or as a legislator?
Mr. TOOMBS. Mr. President, it gives me
great pleasure to respond to the inquiry of the
honorable Senator from Louisiana. The question
submitted to the committee was solely upon the
propriety of repealing the legislation which was
adopted by a previous Congress. That question
alone was submitted to us. That question alone
was considered. We neither heard evidence, nor
was there any fact in any way brought to the at-
tention of the committee, m the slightest degree
affecting the character, or integrity, or motives of
the gentleman'. We differed from the committee
of which he was a member two years ago, the
Committee on Private Land Claims, as to the pro-
priety of that legislation, and that was the sole
question considered and decided; and there was
nothing in the slightest degree affecting the gen-
tleman or his colleague submitted to or considered
in any way by the select committee.
Mr. SLIDELL. Mr. President, I could ask no
more explicit explanation than has been given by
the Senator from Georgia. It is a complete refu-
tation of numerous calumnies thathave been circu-
lated throughout the country against my colleague
and myself. I shall not at present make any com-
ment on the source from which I presume these
charges have emanated, or what prompted them,
but I am extremely anxious that this whole matter
should he taken up and discussed, and maturely
considered by the Senate; and for that purpose, I
move that the bill reported by the select committee
be taken up now informally, for the purpose of
fixing it for discussion at some future and not
distant day. I take it for granted that no serious
