288
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 2,
36th Conu. ... 1st Sess. The Political Crisis—The Danger and the Remedy—Mr. English.
Ho. of Reps.
hereafter occupy at the North has seemed to me to be a ques-
tion deserving more attention from all than it has hitherto re-
ceived- It lies, in my opinion, directly across the path ot
the emancipationist, and must be encountered and correctly
settled before any permanent or healthy progress can be
made. The growing disposition, in the new States that are
formin* m the great West with stick rapidity and on such a
magnificent scale, to disfranchise, disable, and drive out the
free negroes from their border, should be firmly met and coun-
teracted by those who make xt the corner-stone of their politi-
cal creed that " all meh are created equal."
That a State whose constitution imposes upon any class
of men who have committed no crime the disability that
they f" shall never have the i ight of suffrage"—■" shall never
hold any real estate"—" shall never make any contract"-*
« shall never work any /nine"—" shall never maintain any
suit" oi " come, reside, or 6c within the State;" that such
a State is called a jrec State passes mij comjtrehension. It
is all a false pretense and a fraud. There is no real difterence
between the spirit which would incorpoiate such provis-
ions into the organic laws of a State, a d that which infa-
mously declares that the "negro has no rights which the
white man is bound to respect." It is high time,theiefoie,
for those who believe that men have inalienable light* to
meet and grapple this monstrous heresy. It well engaged the
attention of so intelligent a convention of colored citizens
assembled in New England, the only poition of the Union
where the lights of man, without distinction of coloi, or
race, or class, or condition, aie socuied to him by the con-
stitutional guaiantecs. it mu«t sooner or later, and better
soon than late, arrest the serious attention of the statesman
who hopes foi the perpetuity ot the pnnciples upon which
the framework of our Government was founded.
Rcspeetlully, jour*, 11. DAWES.
William 0. Neil, Esq.
E- „
Contrast between the condition of Negro Slaves in
the South and Free Negroes elsewhere.
"How Houtiii.rn Slavfs are Treated.—The We-
tumpka (Alabama) Enquner . On la-t week thirteen
slave-; belonging to Governor f-'itzpatnck, accompanied bv
Mr Gunn, the overseer, bumght their cotton to market, ami
sold it foi a Mini amounting m the aggregate to $01)1 Oi.
Ahab, anothoi one <>1 the Govcrnm 's m-g'-oe., with the oth-
eis, will soon bung theirs ia. This money is their own, ,
not one dime of it go ,ig into thc.r owneiV pocket, and he
feeds and clothes tnem besides, ami pi ovules ior them in
old age.
The above is only a single in-tar.ee of what is common
on every cotton plantation m the ^ouili.'"
It has been forcibly said, in an article of recoup
date, that—
"The statistics of the diffctent chuichcs in the South
show that four hundred and tifiy thousand negroes have
been converted and accepted the Gospel of our Saviour;
wheieas in Africa, with all the money that has been no
J«\ss loohshl> than hivishlv - pent, and all the many valuable
lives, sacrificed to ehnst'iamze'and civilize the Alnean,
they cannot show where lotu luuidied have been converted
and imam the Woid of God- I will heie quote one bohtaiy
. extract tiom the able work ot Promisor Bledsoe:
" 4 The native Alnean could not he degiaded; of the in-
habitants of the continent ot Alriea, it is estimated that
forty millions were slaves. The msi-tcrs have the power
of lite and death ovei the slave; and, in iact, his slaves
were often led, killed,' and eaten, just as we do with oxen
or sheep in this eounny ; nay. the hind and fon quaiteis of
men, women, and childien, might be seen hung on the
shambles and exposed lor sale. Then women weie hearts
of huiden, and when \oung they weie legankd as agieat
delicacy by the palates of tin it pampued meters. A young
warrior would sometimes take a scoic ot young temales
along with bun, in otder to entieh hi* leasts and regale his
appetite; he delighted m *uch delicacies. As to hi* ieh-
gion, it wa- woi*o even than hi* moial*; oi, rather, his ic-
ligion was a mass of the most disgusting immoralities. Ilis
notion of a God, and the obscene acts by which that notion
was worshiped, are too shocking to be mentioned. The
vilest slave that ever breathed the air of a Christian land
could not begin to conceive the horiid iniquities of such a
life ; and vet, in the face of all this, we are told the African
has been degraded by American slavery.'
"These facts look too atrocious. Did they not come fiom
such high authority, I could not venture to pen them in this
article."
Jhiother witness on the same subjects.
"The social condition ot the people of Africa is as de-
pressed as their mdustiy and their science. But what else
could be looked for whoie teticliism, idolatry, and the most
revolting superstition, are prevalent? Poljgamy maybe
said to be diffused all over Africa; and, though forbidden
in Abyssinia, the marriage tie, is theie so slight a* hardly to
have any sensible influence ; and moials an; in this lespect
in a itate of almost total dissolution. That cannibalism
fonnerl) existed to a frightful extent m many paits of Af-
ne<i cannot be doubted, and though it has gicatly declined,
partly because of the introduction of Mohammedanism, and
pai iij—ami principally, perhaps—because oi the icady and
advantageous maikets that have long been opened m the
West Indies and America lor the slaves oi captives taken
in war, there seems to be no doubt that it *till exists among
eei tain tribes. Among sonic considerable nations the expo-
sure ot children, and the slaughter of those that aie de-
formed or maimed, is not toleiated merely, hut enfoiec.d.
In some parts human blood isieportedto be mixed up with
the lime or mortar u^ed mthe construction ot temples. And
it is said to be usual, among the gicater number ot the na-
tions on the coast ot Guinea, for i Lch individual-? to immo-
late human victim'- once m then lives to the manes of then*
lathers. It is unneces aiy to cntei into any examination
whether the vaneties ot the human nico m Africa original!)
spuing horn different somccs. The inevitable conclusion
is, that eveiy variety oi the negro type, which comprises
the inhabitants of almost all Central Africa, is indicative of
mental inforioiity, and that ferocity and stupidity are the
characteristics ot those tribes in which the peculiar negro
fcatuics are found most developed. We believe that this
is a perfectly correct statement; and we do not know that
anything that can be said could show more conclusively
the radical inferiority of the great bulk of the African peo-
ple. But we do not form our opinion as to their inferiority
on their configuration and appearance, but on the fact that
while numberless European and Asiatic nations have at-
tained to a high state ot civilization, they continue,with few
exceptions, in nearly primeval barbarism. It is vain to pie-
tend that this is the result of the unfavorable circumstances
under which they have been placed. An intelligent, entei-
prising people contend against unfavorable circumstances,
and make them become iavorable. But the Africans, with
the questionable exception of the ancient inhabitants ot the
valley of the Nile, have never discovered any considerable
degree of enterprise or invention, oi any wish to distinguish
themselves either in arts or arms. Fiom the lemotest an-
tiquity down to the present time they have been hewers of
wood and diawersot water ior others, and have made little
or no progress; and the only legitimate inlerence seems to
be that they are incapablc of making it; that civilization
g up spontaneously among them, and that
s up, it innst be introduced from abioad, and
matured under foieign auspices."—McCul-
will not «prin,
if ever it grows
fosteied and matured
lock's article on Jljrica.
Slavery almost universal in Jjfrica.
" Perhaps it would be speaking within compass to say that
four filths of the whole population, not only in this coun-
try, but every other hereabouts, aie slave*. Many ot them
arc peimuted to loam at huge, piovided they attend upon
then masters when called upon. These piocurotheh own
subsistence, and devote part of their time to the service ot
their owneis; other; icsido in the houses of their masters
as domestic servants, and are likewise expected to eon-
tribute to their own suppoit.5"—Journal or an expedition to
ex plot c the coar.se and tei monition of the Nigci, by Richard
anil John Lander, vol. J, p. .T<7.
i Testimony of Prichurd, the leading ethnological
writer of England.
" Those who impure dispassionately mio the subject will
probably come to tins conclusion that, instead ot being in-
jured, the slaves have gamed by being earned trom the Old
to the New Woild. speaking «;cnor«i!ly, the negioesare m
the lowest state of abasement, possessing mciely the rudi-
ments of the most mdspensable aits ; a prey to the vilest
superstition and tviamiv, without any tmetuie ot learning,
and with little oi"no icgard foi the lutuic. The cncum-
stances under winch they aie placed m then native land
may, perhaps, account for the low state m which we hud
them ; bul, however explained, the genuine negroes of Af-
i sea are admitted, by those least inclined todepieciate them,
to be, for the most part,k either leroeious savages, oi stupid,
sensual, and indolent.' "—Prichard's llistoiy of Man, vol.
p. ii.W, thud ed.
British confessions hi regard to the West India Freed
Negroes.
Here is a frank and lull confession, of the Lon-
don Times, of the working' of the West India free
negroes:
" It observes, In a recent article, that 'floods of pathetic
eloquence and long years ot paihamentary struggling taught
the I'lngltsh people to imagine that the woild was made foi
Sambo.' The.Tnnes has ariivcd at the following conclusion:
" ' The negro is a Imy animal, without any foresight; and
thciefore requiringto be led and compelled. lie it dccidcdly
inferior, very little raised above a mere animal. He-is void
of self-reliance,and is- the creature of circumstances ; scarcely
fitted to take rare oj himself; hat no care for to-morrow ;
has no desire for propertx/ sir on™ enough to induce him to
laffar ; lives from hand to mouth. In Jamaica, emancipa-
tion has thrown enormous tiacts ofl.iud out of cultivation,
and on these the negro squat*, getting all that he wants
with veiyhttle trouble, and sinking, in tiik most abso-
lute fashion, hack to tii12 savage state.' "
And again, the same paper says:
"There is no blinking the truth. Years of bitter expe-
rience ; years ot hope delei red; ot self-devotion unrequited;
of poveitv; of humiliation ; of piayers unanswered ; ot suf-
ferings dei ided; of insults uniesentcd; of contumely pa-
tiently endured, have convinced us of the truth. It must
be sp'oken out loudly and eneigeticallv despite the wild
mockmgs of 'howling cant ' The fieedWest India slave
will not till the soil for wages; the lice son of the ex-slave
is as obstinate as hi-? sire. lie will not cultivate lands
which lie has not bought foi his own. Yam-', mangoes,
and plaintanis— these satisfy his wants; he carcs not for
yours. Cotton, sugar, and cofiee and tobacco—-he cares'but
iittle lor them.' And what matters it to htm that the Eng-
lishman has sunk bis thorn-amis and tens of thousand* oft
mills, machinery, and plants, which now tutter on the lan-
guidnng estate that foi years has onlyietumed beggary and
debt. He cats hi* jams, und snigiieis atc Jluckia.'
" We know not why this should he, but it is so. The
negro has been bought with a price—the pi ice of English
taxation and English toil. He has been redeemed tiom
bondage by the sweat and tiavail of some millions ol hard-
working Englishmen. Twenty million pounds sterling—
$100,000.1)00—have been distilled from the brains and mus-
cles of the fiee English labotcr,of evcivdegiee, to Uishion
the West India negio into a' lree and independent Mhorer.'
1: i Eiee and independent' enough he lias become, God knows;
but laboier he is not; and, so fai a* we can see, never will
j be. lie will sing h\inns and quote texts; but honest, steadv
J industiv he not onlj detests, hut despises. We wish to
i| Heaven that some people inEnglaud—neithei Government
11 people, nor parsons, nor clergymen, but some just -minded,
.! honest-heaitcd, and eicar-^ighted men—would go out to
j! some of the i*laud*, (say Jamaica, Dominica, or Antigua,)
!i not for a month or three months, but for a yeai—would
watch the precious protege of English philanthropy, the
freed negro, m his daily habits; would watch htm as he lazily
plants his little squatting; would see him as he proudly re-
jects agricultural or domestic sei vices, or acccpt? it only at
wages ludicrously disproportionate to the value of his work.
We wish, too, they would watch him while, with a hide
thicker than that of a hippopotamus, and a body to which
fervid heat is a comfort rather than an annoyance, he dron-
ingly lounges over the prescubed task on which the inticpid
Englishman, manured to the burning sun, consumes his
impatient energy and too often sacuiices his hie. We wish
they would go out and view the negro in all the blazonry
of lus idleness, his pudo, bis ingratitude, contemptuously
sneering at the industry of that race which made him free,
and then come home and teach the memorable lesson -or
their experience to the fanatics who have perverted him
into what he is."—London Times.
Extract from an article in the Boston Courier.
" Condition of the Fugitive Slaves in Canada."
* * * u 'pjiC Colchester settlement m Amherstburg
was the first established. The land was purchased by some
Quakeis ioi the purpose of suppoitmg thereon fugitive
slaves Tt wa<s soon discovered that the blacks preferred char-
ity to labor, and the settlement has now cone to pieces. In
the townships ot Chatham and Dawn theie aie dense set-
tlements of blacks. The mo-t important settlement is at
Buxton, township of Ilaleigh. Kent county. It was foimed
under the* patronage of the Elgin Association, an mcor-
poiated body, formed in opposition to the wishes ot the
people. The llev William King.a Presbyterian minister,
originally tiom the north of Iicand, was placcd at the head
ot the colored colony. lie was once a lesident ot Louis-
iana, whcie he was the owner of fifteen slaves, which he
took with hnn to Canada in 1840. The whites, to a con-
siderable extent, withdrew. The bluchs generally are lazy,
shijllcts, and i>nptoi-ident< there not being more than thee or
Jour families oj a dijfrreut character out of the one huiuhed
and fifty u huh compyivethc settlement. They suffer tcrtibly
in fuller for want of clothing. The Dresden settlement, in
the low nship ot Dawn, is the next in impoitance. It was
planned on the piinciple of the Socialists, and has proved
a total failure. A few \eais since Chatham was a blight
| and pto*peious village ; but now moiethan aquaitei of its
i population tu«* negioes, and three fouithsof'lhcm are uotth-
Icss idlers and petty thici a>. Thoie an' two coloied schools
in tne place, and one ofthem is piesided ovei by a mulatto
teacher, who is appropriately named JVhippei One ot the
constable? is a colored man. The town ot Kalcigh sends
a coloied man named Biown to its municipal council, lie
was born at Harper's Fen i/ The ' ltound O Settlement,'
in the township ot Shrewsbury. is about fifteen mile* from
Chatham. The Government owns the lands, and the ne-
gioej lease it at a small lentmlois. There aie two hun-
dred negiocs on the settlement, uho aie misciahlc and des-
titute. There are smaller «etlleniont« at New Canaan and
lkiptist Cieek, which are also- in a miserable condition. At
Windsor, opposite Detioit, the whites aie Withdiavvnig on
account of the incieii'sc ot the blacks— -fugitive and In e It
was the condition and ehaiuctei of the blacks at this place
which led Colonel Punce to make hi* spe< eh against negio
colonization in Canada, in the Canadian Council. Tbe sct-
tleim nts made under a mixed oignnizution ot Amciicnn
and Canadian Abolitionists, and stjled the Reiuge Home
Society, have been so unsuccesf3tul that only one negro in
seven years has been able to take up a deed of his lot
Negroes in the free States.
The following extract, from the Xenia (Ohio)
News, (a Republican paper,) will give wome idea
of the condition of negroes in the free States, and
their injurious effect upon society:
" Theie, are about one hundred nesroe^ in Greene (ounty
who are always out of employment. A paitot ihc-e aiclho-e
who have lately been freed by then masteis. and finiu-hcd
with a bonus on winch they aie now gentlemanly loafing.
" Our jail is continually filled with negioe s committed for
petty ojjenscs, such as atnays, petty laiceny, drunkenness,
assault and battery, for whose pios< cution and unpuson-
ment the town of Xenia has to pay about live hundred dol-
lais per annum. And to such person* going to pul i* lather
a plcasute than a disgrace. They are better ted and lodged
then than when vagabondizing round our t'trect*.
" We have seen negio prostitutes flaunting down Mam
stieet, three or four abreast, *weepmg all before them in-
discuminately. H'c have seen ladies of respectability run-
ning upon the cellar doors, and even into the gutters, to avoid
bong lun over by these impudent hussies. It was only the
otliei evening that we saw a lady completely tinned atound
by some black gills, who never deviated from their path in
the middleot the sidewalk. And our own check hasbinncd
with indignation at theleehcious smile of invitation which
ha* been Hung into our faces by these swatthy demoiselles.
Otiiei gentlemen have complained ot the insulting boldness
of their address.
" But wo aie sickened with the recital. It i* a di*fgree-
able task to lance the sore winch bio long been -ratheiing
unheeded ; and it is equally so to piobe this evil, winch un-
aware* is growing in oui midst. As we have in a former
number alieady said, we feel no prejudice ag.un-t the black
man on account of color, or foi men; demadation; but, at
the same time, we are unuilling that v;e should he morally
infe< ted ly contact uith an inferior tare, the tesull of which
contact is in no way benefit iul to the blaih, und highly inju-
rious to the white."
F.
"A Full Gorof of Nigger.—At the late corpoiatc elec-
tion in New Bedford Massachusetts, Edw.ud M. ltobmson,
K?q., a gentleman wortli his millions, vva-j elected a mem-
ber of the City Council fiom the fourth waid; butnot liking
the way his fellow-laboicrs worked, resigned his seat, and
fheic was an election to Gil the vacancy. Moiull Ilobm-
«om E*q.. a white lawyei, was one ot the candidates, and
Thomas Bayne, a black man, was the other.— Cincinnati
Enquirer.
