1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Mr. SIMMONS. I should like to inquire of
the chairman of the committee if it is not just
as-well to put this provision on the regular Post
Office appropriation_bill ?
Mr. HUNTER. I would as lief put it on the
regular bill as on this. [" Wait for that."]
Mr. SIMMONS. It may tend to embarrass
this bill.
Mr. HUNTER. I am willing, with the con-
sent of the Finance Committee, to withdraw this
amendment, and reserve it for the regular'Post
Office appropriation bill. That will be time enough.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope it will not be with-
drawn. I trust it will be agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It requires the
unanimous consent of the Senate to withdraw the
amendment.
Mr. TOOMBS. I object to its withdrawal.
Several Senators. Wc can vote it down.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. BROWN. I have an amendment to offer,
to insert as a new section:
Jhul be it farther enacted, That, the Superintendent of
the Public Pimting bo required to procure the printing of
the Post Office blanks by contract, after thirty days' public
notice, and to award such contract, for the usual period of
Pot Office contracts', to the bidder who offers to print the
said blanks at the greatest per centum deduction from the
prices authorized to be paid by law for the printing of the
Executive Depaitmeuts; and that all law.- or parts of laws
now in force m relation to the printing of post bilk or Post
Office blanks, be, and the same are hereby, repealed.
If there had been no amendments made to this
bill, I should not have moved this amendment to
it, because I can see that otherwise there would
be an impropriety in moving in this direction.
Mr. HUNTER. All have been voted down
except the amendments to include other contract-
ors nat provided for originally.
Mr. BROWN. Still, you have made amend-
ments; and they require the bill to be sent back
to the House of Representatives. I should not
be tenacious about this thing; but I know, upon
information which convinces my own judgment
at least, that the prompt passage of the amend-
ment will save from twenty to thirty thousand
dollars to the national Treasury within a very few
days.
Mr. HAMLIN. There are one or two slight
amendments which have been made to the bill to
perfect its main merits. This amendment which
the Senator from Mississippi has offered meets
with my hearty approbation in itself, and I will
vote for it in any way that is proper; but I will be
consistent; and, though 1 believe it reforms an
abuse, I will not vote for it here, and I hope no
Senator on this side will.
Mr. BROWN. I only moved the amendment
because, as I say again, if it is passed at all, it is
necessary, on the information 1 have, to pass it
promptly, if you mean to make any saving to the
national Treasury—the Federal Treasury, afriend
suggests. If it is not agreeable, I shall make no
fuss about it.
Mr. CAMERON. If the Senator from Missis-
sippi withdraws his amendment, I shall offer it
anew.
Mr. BROWN. I do not withdraw it; but I
simply say I know what I am talking about, and
if you mean to make the saving, pass it here.
Mr. CAMERON. I have but a word to say
here, and it is in repetition of what I said at the
last session. I believe the printing of these Post
Office blanks costs the Government about forty
thousand dollars, and I think the work has been
done for about four or five thousand dollars. We
shall save the difference between these two sums
by passing the amendment.
Mr. BROWN. My information. I will say to
the Senator from Pennsylvania, is, that the Treas-
ury pays about fifty thousand dollars, and it costs
about eighteen thousand dollars to do the work.
Mr. CAMERON. The difference is greater
than that; but still, that is enough.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. IVERSON. I move that the Senate ad-
journ. ["Oh, no!"l
Mr. HUNTER. Mr President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
to adjourn is not debatable.
Mr. HUNTER. I think we. had bettor get
through with the bill.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on a
division—ayes 25, noes 22.
And the Senate adjourned
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 9, 1860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gcrley.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of War communica-
ting, in obedience to law, a list of clerks and other
persons employed in that Department, officers of
the Army excepted, during the year 1859; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of the
clerk of the Court of Claims, communicating ad-
ditional papers in the case of George McDougal;
which were referred to the Committee on Claims.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a com-
munication from the Mayor of Washington, en-
closing a copy of a joint resolution of the board
of aldermen and board of common council of that
city, instructing the committee appointed to rep-
resent the interests of the city before Congress, to
ask for an appropriation for the improvement of
the Potomac rivor; which was referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. LANE presented a petition of citizens of
the United States, praying Congress to pass a law
to prevent all further traffic in and monopoly of
the public lands, and that they be laid out in farms
and lots for the free and exclusive use of actual
settlers; which was referred to the fcommittee on
Public Lands.
Mr. WIGFALL presented the petition of Ma-
ria Gates, of Friesburg, Colorado county, Texas,
widow of Oscar Gates, late a private in company
F, second regiment of dragoons, praying to be
allowed a pension; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. THOMSON presented the petition of E.
R. V. Wright and others, citizens of New Jersey,
praying Congress to pass a law to prevent all fur-
ther traffic in and monopoly of the public lands,
and that tliey be laid out in farms and lots of
limited size for the free and exclusive use of actual
settlers only; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. GRIMES, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of the Legislature of Iowa,
ask1112 that the State may be indemnified Tor expenses in-
curred m consequence of the hostile invasion of the Sioux
Indians, in March, i8T>7, on the files of the Senate, be re-
ferred to the Committee oil Military A flails and Militia.
On motion of Mr. POWELL, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Hester Stoil, widow of Ur-
ban Stoll, late a soldier in the Army, praying a pension, on
the files of tile Senate, be referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
On motion of Mr. WILKINSON, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Webster S. Steele, on the
fiies of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. LANE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 142) to
secure the right of preemption to certain settlers
on land temporarily occupied as an Indian reserve,
in Oregon, and for other purposes; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
REPORTS OE COMMITTEES.
Mr. CLAY,from the Committee on Commerce,
to whom was referred the memorial of Francis
Hiittmann, praying remuneration for losses sus-
tained in consequence of the illegal proceedings
of the collector of customs at San Francisco, sub-
mitted a report accompanied by a bill (S. No. 143)
for the relief of Francis Hiittmann. The bill was
read, and passed to a second reading; and the
report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of the Chicago, Detroit,
and Canada Grand Trunk.Junction Railroad Com-
pany, praying the establishment of a port of entry
at Port Huron, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration; which was agreed it.
Mr.GWIN. The Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, to whom" was referred the bill
(S. No. 35) to abolish the franking privilege, hav6
instructed me to report a substitute for the bill.
I desire to have the substitute read, and I call the
* Mention of the Senate to it.
The Secretary read the substitute, to strike out
all after the enacting clause, and insert:
That all laws by which any person or person^ are author-
ized to send or receive any mailable matter free of postage
be, and the same are hereby, repealed: Provided, TUatthik
act shall not apply to any person or persons to whom the
franking privilege may have been granted by name.
Mr. GWIN. I give notice that, if the franking
privilege is not repealed in the bill now uiider
consideration, I shall immediately call up this bill
for consideration.
Mr. DURKEE, from the Committee on .Pen-
sions', to whom was referred the petition of Mary
Jane Maltby, praying to be allowed a pensio-n, as
widow of the late Lieutenant James West, of the
Army, submitted an adverse report; which was
ordered to-be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Jeremiah Pendergast,
praying to be allowed a pension, submitted are-
port accompanied by a bill (S. No. 144) for the
relief of Jeremiah Pendergast, of the District of
Columbia. The bill was read, and passed to a
second reading; and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. HAMMOND, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, to whom was referred the memorial
of Otway H. Berryman, praying to be allowed an
amount equal to the balance found against him,
on the settlement of his accounts as acting purser,
submitted a report accompanied by a bill (S. No.
145) for the relief of Otway H. Berryman. The
bill was read, and passed to second reading; and
the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The Commit-
tee on Public Lands, to whom was refprred the'
memorial of Sallic Eola Reneau, praying the appro-
priation of a portion of the unappropriated public
land in the State of Mississippi, for the purpose
of endowing the State Female College of Missis-
sippi, have instructed me to ask to be discharged
from its further consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the question will be put on discharging
the committee from the further consideration of
the subject.
Mr. BROWN. I object.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I think the Sen-
ator might as well let the motion be put.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the motion will lie over.
MAIL ROUTES IN MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. BROWN submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instiucted to inquire into the expediency
of establishing a mail route from Garvin's Ferry, on the
Sunflower river, in the State of Mississippi, to Williams's
Landing, on the same river, and in the same State.
THE MERCHANT MAJUNE.
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be directed
to consider the expediency of further legislation, in order
to prevent violence and crime on board the merchant ma-
rine of the United States.
REGISTERS TO VESSELS.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the memorial- of
Blood, Bond & Piatt, praying that the Secretary
of the Treasury be authorized and required to
issue registers to the schooners Helen Blood and
Sarah Bond, reported a bill (S. No. 146) author-
izing the Secretary of the Treasury to issue regis-
ters to the owners of the schooners Helen Blood
and Sarah Bond; which was read, and passed to
a second reading.
Mr. HAMLIN. That is a subject which will
elicit no altercation here, I apprehend, and I ask
that the bill may be put on its passage. It simply
authorizes the Secretary of the Treasury to issoe
a register to these two vessels. The bill is re-
ported by the unanimous consent of the Commit-
tee on Commerce, and it will not take a moment
to considor it.
There being no objection, the bill was read a
second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It authorizes the Secretary of the
Treasury 13 issue registers to the schooners Helen
Blood and Sarah Bond, of Oswego, New York,
those vessels having been built in Canada, if he
