1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL'GLOBE.
26^5
gently made. I am not willing to go any further,
and 1 hope the Senate will limit its action to the
restoration of the parties to the state in which
they formerly were. I think we should do no
more. Without being a lawyer, I have listened
to the discussion, and from it I have come to the
conclusion that there is nobody here who under-
stands the operation of the Louisiana land laws
on the particular location, or who has kept pace
with the settlement of the country since the sys-
tem of levees has'kept the water off the back
land, and I think we shall do best, wisest, and
most justly if we send the matter to the courts in
Louisiana, there to be decided.
Mr. PUGH. I am loth to trespass on the at-
tention of the Senate; but I think the Senator
from Mississippi, if he will give me his attention
for a moment, will see the propriety of retaining
this section. I agree with him, that we can never
understand these Louisiana titles as we ought to
understand them; but since the act of 1805, under
which this arose, we have extended to Louisiana,
as we had previously enacted for Arkansas, for
Missouri, for Mississippi, for Alabama, for Cal-
ifornia, a system by which the Supremo Court of
the United States should ad judicate those contro-
versies. If we simply repeal the act of 1858, these
parties are left to comc to Congress again next
session, or this session, possibly, or the session
after the next, and all time to come; and the act
of 1858 may be reestablished, or may be rejected.
We leave a large district of country with unset-
tled titles. I propose, by retaining this third sec-
tion, wth the amendment which 1 suggest, to
enable all parties to comc to the judicial courts to
settle this question, and settle it forever.
Mr. HUNTER. Has not the Chair decided
to take the vote on the amendment of the com-
mittee on striking out?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
of the Senator from Ohio is to perfect the section
which it is moved m the Senate to strike out.
The question is on inserting the words proposed
by the Senator from Ohio in the third section, in
line ten, after the word " provisions," to insert
" for the term of three years from and after the
passage of this act."
The amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is," Shall the third scction be stricken out?"
The motion to strike out was agreed to.
Mr. PUGH. Then the fourth section ought
to go also. I move to strike out the fourth sec-
tion, because that is only pertinent to the second
and third. It authorizes the parties to employ
counscl.
The motion was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be cngrossedforathird
reading, and read a third time. It was read tho
third time; and on the question, "Shall the bill
pass?"
Mr. BAYARD called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. KING. I ask that the bill be read, to see
what it is. [" Oh, no."]
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 34, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs-Anthony, B:nghr&, Brown, Chandler,
Claik, Collamer, Crittenden, Dixon, Doolittle, Duikee,
Fessenden, Fitzpatnek, Foster, Grimes, Hale, Hamlin,
Harlan, Hunter, Johnson of Aiknnsas, John<on of Tennes-
see, Kennedy, King, Latham, Pearce, Polk, Pugh, Rice,
Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Toombs, Wade, Wilkin-
son, and Wilson—34. I
NAYS—Messrs. Bavard, Benjamin, Biasg, Chesnut, ;
Gwin, Hammond, Hemphill, Lane, Mason, Thornton, and
Wigfall—-11.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. TOOMBS. I move to amend the title, so
as to simply repeal that section, and add the words
" and for other purposes;" so that it will read:
A bill to repeal the second section and other portions of
an act parsed the 2d day of June, 1858, entitled u An act to
piovide for the location of certain confirmed private land
claims in the State ofMbsoury and for other purposes.
Mr. POLK. I understand that title does not
indicate the effect of this bill.
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, it does.
Mr. POLK. It is "for other purposes"—just
as the act that is complained of did not indicate
the purpose there. This act not only supersedes
the second section of the act of June, 1858, but
also declares that certain confirmations reported
by a certain board of commissioners are not con-
firmed.
Mr. TOOMBS. Very well; amend it by adding
" and for other purposes.1'
Mr. POLK. I make the suggestion merely to
the author of the bill.
Mr. TOOMBS. Fix it to suit yourself. Itsuits
me very well as it is.
The title was amended as proposed by Mr.
Toombs.
Mr. MASON. I ask thkt the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business. I will
not detain the Senate five minutes in executive
session.
Mr. PEARCE. I ask the consent of the Sen-
ator from Virginia to give way to me to enable
me to make a motion to take up tho Army bill,
only with a view of giving it priority tomor-
row.
Mr. MASON. If I can retain my motion as
one of prccedcnce, I shall have no objection; but
I shall certainly object otherwise.
Mr. POLK. I rise to a question of privilege.
My vote was given under a misapprehension. I
did not mean to vote for that bill in relation to the
Hoamas grant, with the second section in as it
was put in. I thought I was voting on the first
scction of the bill. 1 am willing to go for the
first section of the bill; but I nm not willing to
vote for it with the second scction as added, and
I wish to change my vote. [" Too late.},l
Tho PRESIDING OFFICER. It requires
unanimous consont.
Mr. FESSENDEN and others. ["Agreed."]
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator can move a re-
consideration.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. He can change his
vote by unanimous consent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unanimous
consent, the Secretary will change the vote of the
Senator from Missouri, and put him in the nega-
tive instead of the affirmative. Is (here objection?
[" No objection."] TheChair hears none; and !
the vote will be changed.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
lay before the Senate some House bills, for the
purpose of reference.
The joint resolution (No. 43) giving the assent
of Congress to ccrtain acts passed or to be passed
by the Legislatures of the States of Arkansas,
Louisiana, and Texas, or any two of them, in
relation to the raft of Red river, and for other
purposes, was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
A bill (No. 764^) to change tho time for holding
the terms of the districtcourt of the United States
for the northern district of Alabama, was read
twice by its title.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. That is a local bill,
and I ask the Senate to pass it now. It is merely
changing the time for the holding of a court at one
point in the State.
Mr. MASON. I do not like to object, but
really the Senate is too thin.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. It is merely a local
bill.
Mr. LATHAM. I object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection being
made, the bill must lie over.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. MASON. I renew my motion for an
executive session; but I have no objection to the
Senator from Maryland making the motion he
desires, provided lt'does not displace mine.
Mr. HUNTER. By general consent it can be
done.
Mr. PEARCE. By common consent, I ask
that my motion be entertained, and the Army
bill now be taken up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that tliQ Senate take up for consideration the Army
appropriation bill. Unless objected to, it will be
considered the senae of the Senate that that hill
be now taken up. The Chair hears no objec-
tion.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. MASON. I now ask the Senate to allow
Hie an executive session.
The motion was agreed to; and tho Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. ,
Wednesday, June 6,1860.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton*
Mr. ALLEN. I move that there be a call of
the House.
Mr. SHERMAN. A quorum is present, I
think. That fact can be ascertained by a count.
It will save half an hour.
Mr. ALLEN. I insist upon my motion; and
ask tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Noell and
Buffinton were appointed. ''%>•
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 4, noes 65—no quorum voting.
Mr. BRANCH. As no quorum has voted, 1
demand the yeas and nays upon tho motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in
the negative—yeae 17, nays 110; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Avery, Burch, John B. Clark,
Cobb, 11. Winter Davis, John G. Davis, Dunn, Gilmer,
Houston, Montgomery, Sherman, Stevenson, James a.
Stewart, William Stewart, Thomas, and Vandever—17.
NAYtf—Messrs. Green 'Adams, William C. Anderson,
Ashley, As.hniorc, Barret, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Branch,
Drayton, Buflinton, Burnhani, Carey, Carter, Case, Clop-
ton, Colfax, Corwin, Covode, Crawford, Curry, Dawes,
Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Fenton, Foster, Frank,
French, GaitrelJ, Gooeh, Guiley, Hale, Hall, l-Iardeman,
J. Moirison Harris, John T. Harris, Hatton, Helmick,
Hickman, Heard, William Howard, William A. Howard,
Hughe?, Humphrey, Irvine, Jcwies, Junkin, Kenyon, Kil-
gore, DeWitt C. Leach, Leake, Lee, Logan; Loomis,
Lovejov, MaJlory, Charles I). Martin, Maynard, MeKeau,
McKmght, Milhvard, Labrm T.Moore, Sydenham Moore,
Moorhead, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris, Nelson, Niblack,
Noell, Pendleton, Peny, Pettit, Peyton, Porter, Potter,
Pottle, Quarles, Reagan, Reynolds, Rice, Riggs, Christo-
pher Robinson, Rojco, ituflin, SohwarU, Sickles, William
N. II. Smith, Spinner, Stanton, Stevens, Stokes, Stratton,
Taylor, Thayer, Tompkins, Tumble, Van Wyck, Verree,
Wade, Waldion, Walton, Ellihw B. Washburne, Webster,
Wells, WiUon, Wintlow, Wood, and Wright—110.
So the House refused to order a call of the
House.
During the call,
Messrs. Jackson and Buistow asked leave to
vote.
Objection was made, nnd leave was refused.
A quorum then being present, the Journal of
yesterday was read and approved.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by James Buchanan, his Pri-
vate Secretary, informing the House that, on the
5th instant, the President approved and signed an
act granting a pension to Mary J. Harris, widow
of Colonel Thomas L. Harris; and also an act
directing the conveyance of a lot of ground for
the public schools in the city of Washington.
CHANGE OF REFERENCE.
On motion of Mr. HICKMAN, by unanimous
consent the Committee on the Judiciary were dis-
charged from the further consideration of the sev-
eral memorials of Anthony Addison, administra-
tor of Margaret Leach; the memorial of the heirs
and representatives of Major John Campbell; and
the memorial of Mary Williams, widow of James
Williams; and the first two were referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims, and the last
to the Committee of Claims.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. NOELL obtained the floor.
Mr. PETTiT. I call for the regular order of
business.
Mr. NOELL. 1 do not know that the gentleman
can take the floor from me after being recognized
bv the Chair.
"The SPEAKER- The Chair did recognize the
gentleman from Missouri, but I am now called
upon to call for the regular order of business.
Mr. PETTIT. I beg leave to say to the House
that we have, under the time fixed by adjourn-
ment, but five morning hours in winch to call tha
committees, andaconsiderable portion of the com-
mittees have not been called this session. There-
fore, it becomes important that the regular order
of business should be insisted upon.
Mr. SHERMAN. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of this election case. I
move to postpone that for one hour, for the pur-
pose of having a morning hour. The gentleman
from Missouri ought not to press his motion; and
if he does,l shall move lay-it upon the table."
