I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
36th CoNa....lsT Sess.
Texas Volunteer Regiment—Mr '. Otero.
Ho. of Reps.
TEXAS VOLUNTEER REGIMENT.
SPEECH OF HON. M. A. OTERO,
of new mexico,
In the Hobse op Representatives,
April 19, I860.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, on the Senate amendment to the Mili-
tary Academy hill-
Mr. OTERO said:
Mr. Chairman: My object in asking the floor
at this time is to propose an amendment to the
Senate amendment, before the previous question
shall be called upon the amendment. I ask that
ray amendment be read.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Sec. 3. Jind be it fuyther enacted, That a like sum of
money as specified in the foregoing section be, and the
same is hereby, appropriated out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appiopriated,for the support of one regi-
ment of New Mexican mounted volunteers!, to be ealJod
out by the President of the United States, for the suppres
sion of Indian hostilities in the Territory of New Mexico.
Mr. OTERO. It will be recollected that some
time ago, when this bill came back from the Sen-
ate, or.very soon thereafter, I introduced a reso-
lution, which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs for their action, instructing that
committee to inquire into the expediency of au-
thorizing the President of the United States to call
outaregiment of mounted volunteers to suppress
Indian hostilities in that Territory.
I believed, at the time that I introduced the res-
olution, that the subject-matter thereof would
have been broughtup for consideration at the same
time that the Texas regiment proposition would
come up. I believed that both could be brought
up and considered together. Being fully impressed
with all the melaucholy facts in reference to the
condition of the frontiers of Texas and New Mex-
ico, I could not have expected otherwise. I re-
gret exceedingly that the Committee on Military
Affairs has omitted this particular subject in rela-
tion to a regiment for the immediate protection of
New Mexico.
Two years ago, sir, if my recollection serves
me right, the President, in his first annual mes-
sage, and our present distinguished Secretary of
"War, recommended an addition of five regiments
to the regular service of the Army of the United
Slates, believing the existing military force, at
that time, was inadequate for the defense of our
extended frontier. This subject was referred to
the Committee on Military A'ffairs'of this House.
On the 25th of February, 1858, General Q,uitman,
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs,
reported a bill to provide for the organization of
one regiment of mounted volunteers for the de-
fense of the frontier of the State of Texas, and to
authorize the President of the United States to call
into the service four regiments of volunteers for
the further defense of our country against Indian
hostilities. That was a report of a majority of the
committee—Mr. Faulkner making a minority re-
port in favor of the increase of the regular Army.
Both of these reports, however, had in view the
ultimate protection of our defenseless frontiers.
The Texas members, as well as myself, urged
the measure, being well aware of the suffering of
our people exposed to Indian outrages. The bill
passed the House by a vote of 124 to 73. After
the bill came back from the Senate, it was so
amended as only to authorize the raising of three
regiments. Congress, however, failed to make
the necessaryappropnation to defray the expenses,
in the event of those regiments being called out.
It was then believed that, if these regiments had
been called into the service of the United States
and their pay provided for, the frontiers would
have been effectually protected; but there having
been no money appropriated for the defrayal of
their expenses, the President did not feel author-
ized to call them into the service. We were left,
therefore, as i fear we shall continue to be, ex-
posed to Indian depredations,and almostentirely
unprotected against their aggressions and hostil-
ities. With a trembling hope I come again to
supplicate, at the hands of this Congress, on be- |
half of my constituents, the aid which the last i
one failed to give them; but I fear that my appeals |
will be fruitless, and that my failure to obtain what j
New Series—No. 19. '
the people of New Mexico had arighttodemand,
will be but another proof of the unwillingness of
this Government to extend to us that protection
against the destruction of our property and the
murders of our men, women, and children, whi<,h
is demanded by every sense of justice and every
feeling of patriotism and humanity. From the
coldnessand indifference with which our entreaties
have, up to this period, been received, my hope of
success is, indeed, but feeble and trembling; and
yet I have a trust in the justice and patriotism of
a majority of the members of this body which
will not allow me entirely to despair; that sense
of justice and those feelings of humanity to which
we appeal have, I know, an existence in your
judgments and your hearts; and though they may
for a while be restrained and chilled by an igno-
rance or misconception of the deplorable condi-
tion of my people, I still cling to the,hope thatthe
cries which come from our desolated hills and
blood-stained valleys will not always fall upon
ears which seem to be-deaf auu hearts that ap-
pear to be dead. L/
Sir, could I believe that any considerable num-
ber of the members of this body sympathized with
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens]
intheeulogy which he has thoughtproper to pass
upon the character of the Indian, I should at^nce
dismiss the hope, and abandon the aim wmch,
with deepest solicitude, I now cherish and pursue.
That gentleman, in asserting that the white man
is always the aggressor, manifests either that he
is ignorant of tfiat whereof he affirms, or that he
is willing, at the expense of misrepresenting the
relations between the white man and the Indian,
to use a false argument against the protection of
the people on our exposed frontiers from the ag-
gressions of savage foes, who are schooled in
crimc; who are taught, from infancy, to steal and
murder; whose habits are those of indolence and
vice; and who recognize no restraint within the
bounds ofalawless, reckless, sanguinary rapacity.
Such humanitarians, in espousing the cause of
the wild, untutored savages who traverse and des-
olate the hills and valleys of our beautiful western
domain, but prove their insincerity, or their incon-
sistency, by opposing the advances of Christian-
ity, civilization, and intelligence into those wild
yet genial and enchanting regions, which require
only the aid of well-organized and well-protected
society—of the white man, to bring a grand and
fertile wilderness into a bountiful and magnificent
development. Had such been the humanity of
the founders of this great Republic who crossed
the Atlantic in a frail bark,'flighted with ele-
ments of national greatness by which North
America is now distinguished, what character
would this vast country now support? What as-
pect would this land of magic greatness now pre-
sent? Alas! sir, it would be a scene of darkness
and humiliation, and notone of beauty and pride.
Had such been the philanthropy or humanity of the
Pilgrim Fathers, the hand of industry would never
have felled the forests of this western wilderness;
the light of Christianity would never have dispelled
its moral gloom; civilisation would never have
smiled over the land; commerce would never have
graced and beautified its extended coast; and this
great Republic, with the wealth, power, and mag-
nificence of empire, would never have had an ex-
istence or a name. The aggressions of the white
man upon the Indian, to which the gentleman
alludes, are such aggressions as arc commanded
by Christianity and civilization; such aggressions
as are necessary to tjie moral, social, and politi-
cal advancement of the human race. Such ag-
gressions were found necessary, by your fore-
fathers, to the establishment of this Government,
and to the accomplishment of the great moral and
political results which have proceeded therefrom.
Without the aid of such aggressions, the Pilgrim
Fathers would have been compelled to return to
their native land; to drag out a miserable exist-
ence on the rock-bound shores of Massachusetts;
or to have fraternized with the wild savages whom
they found in possession of this magnificent coun-
try on their landing at Plymouth Rock. The gen-
tleman, seemingly with a desire to excite a sym-
pathy lor those marauding tribes, from whose
sanguinary rapacity I am seeking protection, has
said that the Indian has no historian.
Sir, if the gentleman had read, with an impar-
tial eye, the pages on which are recorded the early
Struggles of the Pilgrim pioneers in their efforts
to substitute civilization for barbarity; Christianity
for idolatry; industry for indolence; commerce,
agriculture, and science for sterility, solitude, and
ignorance, he would have seen, on every page,
the history of the Indian, written in the commin-
gled blood of himself and the white man, in the
struggles which have ceaselessly and triumphant-
ly progressed on behalf of the advancement of civ-
ilization over barbarism. That the savage must
yield and pass away beneath the waves of moral,
physical, and intellectual progress, is as certain,
in the providence of God, as that the darkness of
ni^ht must vanish before the rising sun. I deny
that the aggressions committed on the Indian by
the white man upon our frontier are any other
than such as are necessary to the accomplishment
of the great objects which the early settlers of this
great country had in view; they are but the con-
tinuance of the system which was necessarily in-
augurated by the founders of this glorious Repub-
lic, in order to make this the peerless land of
liberty, humanity, and greatness.
Mr. Chairman, I feel this question sensibly,
most sensibly, I have had the blood of my own
relatives spilled upon the soil of my own country.
I have known my own dear mother's house to
have been besieged by these merciless savages,
when she and a sister, with the servants of the
house, were the only inmates at the time. I have
traveled, sir, through the Territory, and have lis-
tened with pain to the mournful tales recited by
the widows and orphans, who have been left un-
protected and destitute from the outrages com-
mitted by the barbarians whom the gentleman
from Pennsylvania has so eloquently defended.
This is the reason,sir, why I have spoken in the
manner in which I have done. 1 regret exceed-
ingly to be forced to say that, since the acquisi-
tion of theTerritory of NewMexico by the United
States, we have been suffering from Indian hos-
tilities and outrages even more than while we
lived under the despotic Government of Mexico.
When you acquired that Territory, there roamed
over its verdant hills no less than one million five
hundred thousand head of sheep. We are a pas-
toral people; we raise stock of every kind, and
much of our wealth is invested in that peculiar
class of property. What have we now? JVot one
third of the amount of this kind of property which
we had at the period of the acquisition. Does
this prove that we have received the due protec-
tion of the powerful arm of this great and glorious
Republic? No, sir; it but shows how faithless
you have been in complying with the solemn
promises made to us by General Kearny, and re-
peated in the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo. We
thought, when we became a part of this great
Republic, that our condition would have been
bettered; we had a right to expect it, if your
promises were sincere. In a political point of
view, I trust we properly estimate the advantages
which the Government of the United States has
conferred upon us. We acknowledge and appre-
ciate the benefits which have been derived from
your beneficentform of government; but so far as
your legislation has affected our material interests
and the safety of the lives and property of the
people of New Mexico, we have been left almost
entirely without that protection winch would in-
dicate a proper sense of duty toward us.
Mr. Chairman, I do not desire to refer to the
numerous communications which I have before
me from the superintendent of Indian affairs of
the Territory, as well as from other responsible
sources. I will, however, ask that one letter may
be read, to show the amount of stock which the
Navajo tribe of Indians have driven off, at one
single sweep, within the last month or two. I
shall state, therefore, before this letter is read, that
I desire to allude to the annual report of the su-
perintendent, (Mr. Collins,) made to the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs fast Congress, and
dated September 27,1858, to show what has been
the behavior of the Navajo Indians since the ac-
quisition of New Mexico. That report will be
found in Executive Documents, second session
Thirty-Fifth Congress, volume 2, part first, page
536.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" The Commissioner is aware that hostilities now exist
