2676
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
Mr. DAWES. I hope the motion of the gen-
tleman from Ohio will not prevail; for I want the
House to proceed to the consideration of this
election case, and to dispose of it at once.
Mr. NOELL. I have a privileged question,
which I have tried to get up for more than a
month.
Mr. SHERMAN. Can that privileged ques-
tion take precedence of the special order?
Mr. DAWES. It cannot take precedence of
the election case, and therefore I object.
The question was then put upon Mr. Sher-
man's motion; and it wa3 agreed to.
So the regular order of business was postponed
one hour.
PRIVATE LAND CLAIMS.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now call for the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri is now in order.
Mr. NOELL. I now move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill of the Senate No. 104, for
the final adjustment of private land claims in the
States of Florida, Louisiana, Arkansas, and Mis-
souri, and for other purposes, was referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims. This is a
general bill, and its object is to provide means for
the investigation and adjustment of private land
claims of four States—Missouri, Florida, Arkan-
sas, and Louisiana; claims founded upon titles
emanating from the governments which existed
there prior to the Government of the United States.
It provides for the confirmation of no claim; but
for the investigation of those claims by the regis-
ters and receivers, and the making of reports by
those officers to the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, and lus subsequent report to Con-
gress for the final action of Congress. The ob-
ject of the bill is to relieve this House and the
Committee on Private Land Claims from the Urge
amount of labor imposed upon them in the investi-
gation of these cases.
Mr. SHERMAN. Has that bill been reported
from a commitee?
Mr. NOELL. It was reported upon by a com-
mittee of the Senate, and it was referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims of this House.
Mr. SHERMAN. Are the Representatives ©f
those four States all in favor of the bill?
Mr. NOELL. They are, so far as I know.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I hope the question
will be taken upon it; and that we shall get it out
of the way immediately.
Mr. RUST. Will the gentleman from Mis-
souri allow mc to make a statement?
Mr. NOELL. I will yield to the gentleman
from Arkansas,
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the gentleman from
Arkansas to give way for a motion to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. RUST. I cannot now. The gentleman
from Missouii informed the House that so far as
he knew, or was informed, the Representatives
of all the States interested in that bill approved
of it. I, sir, have to say, that in its present form
I do not approve of it. I cannot vote for it with-
out very material and essential amendments, and
I must say, in fairness and candor, that if these
amendments were made to the bill, they would
deprive it of all its value to those whom it is in-
tended to benefit.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to refer the bill to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union; and on that 1 call the previous question.
Several Members. The bill is there now.
Mi. NOELL. I have not yielded the floor for
that motion. 1 have only yielded to the gentle-
man from Arkansas.
Mr. RUST. I have the floor, and have not
yielded.
Mr. NOELL. The gentleman from Arkansas
has the floor by my courtesy. I yielded it to him.
Mr. RUST. 1 only wish to say that I do not
object at all to the claimants under the French
nnd Spanish Governments having their legal and
equitable titles to land recognized by this Gov-
ernment; but I am opposed to having any adjudi-
cation of these titles made in reference to lands
now occupied by citizens of Arkansas, under
•prima facie titles from the Government, or of any
other character. If the amendments which I would
propose were adopted, they would not only de-
prive these commissioners of the right to adjust
titles, but would also deprive the claimants
under the French and Spanish Governments of
the right to substitute and take other lands of this
Government, in lieu of those embraced within
their claims, and held and occupied, as I have
suggested.
Mr. COBB. I ask the gentleman from Mis-
souri to yield to me one moment, in order that I
may say that I want to have the word " Alaba-
ma" struck out of the bill.
Mr. NOELL. The word "Alabama" is not
in the bill.
Mr. COBB. I was informed that it was.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I desire my col-
league to tell the House why it is that these French
ana Spanish claimants have slept on their rights
so long, while the courts of the land were open
to them?
Mr. NOELL. I am glad my colleague asked
me that question.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. And also why it
is that he wants to disturb the settlers on the pub-
lic lands?
Mr. NOELL. The bill does not propose to
disturb any settlers on tlie public lands. If my
colleague had paid attention to the bill, he would
have found that no settlers on the public lands
would be disturbed by the operation of this bill.
It is simply a reenactment of the bill of 9th July,
1832, which had only five years to run. In con-
sequence of the expiration of that act, a number
of claimants, whose claims had been presented for
adjustment and confirmation, were cut off from
having their titles confirmed. This bill is simply
to provide machinery by which these claimants
can have their claims adjusted, subject always
to the confirmation of Congress after the reports
are made. The bill does not provide for the con-
firmation of any land titles. It provides simply
for the investigation of these claims, and the mak-
ing reports upon them to the Commissioner of the
General Land Office. If ho approves the report,
they are to be transmitted to Congress, and Con-
gress has to pass upon them finally. That is the
object and principle of the bill.
tn response to the gentleman from Arkansas,
I would say that, so far as I was informed, I
knew that this bill did receive the indorsement
of Senators Iromall the States interested, and that
it passed the Senate unanimously. It was also
indorsed, unanimously, by the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims in this body. I called the at-
tention of the gentleman from Arkansas to the bill
at the time I gave notice that I would call up my
motion to reconsider—some two or three weeks
since—and I had a copy of the bill furnished to
him. As I never since heard from him any ob-
jection to the bill, I took it for granted that there
was none. Now I demand the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to lay the whole
subject on the table.
Mr. NOELL. I trust that a bill of so much
importance to the people of those States inter-
ested will be passed.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Oiiio.
Mr. PHELX^S. Permit me to make one sug-
gestion in respect to this bill.
Mr. CURTIS. I submit the point of order
that no debate if: in order.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order on the
motion to lay on the table.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. The motion
of the gentleman from Ohio is to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table. [Calls to order.] That
leaves the bill where it now is, in the Committee
of thft Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. NOELL. I would inquire of the Chair
whether the question was not put on reconsidering,
and whether it was not announced by the Chair
that the vote was reconsidered?
Mr. HOUSTON, i ask that the House shall
be brought to oider. I hope fhe Chair will rule
that not more than half a dozen shall speak at a
time.
Mr. BRANCH.* The Speaker was proceeding
to put the question on the motion to reconsider,
when I demanded that the bill should be read be-
fore the question was put. The Speaker arrested
the proceeding, and ordered the bill to be read. I
make the point of order, that the motion to recon-
sider has not yet been put to the House. I
demanded that the bill should be read, and the
Speaker ordered it to be read.
Mr. NOELL. That was after the Chair had
announced the decision.
Mr. HOUSTON. You are mistaken about
that.
Mr. NOELL. I think I am not mistaken.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the motion of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Sherman] is to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
Mr. NOELL. I trust the House will not leave
this subject without providing some means for
investigating and determining the claims of those
people who have been deprived of their rights.
The SPEAKER. The question on the motion
to reconsider has not been put.
Mr. BRANCH. That is in accordance with
my recollection.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
now moves to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table. •
Mr. NOELL. I call for the yeas and nays on
that motion. I want to see who it is that would
vote to deprive the people of these States of the
privilege of having their just claims legally de-
termined and settled.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken on Mr. Sherman's
motion; and it was agreed to.
So the motion to reconsider the vote by which
the bill was referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union was laid on the
table.
Mr. NOELL. This is the last time that I will
ask any favor in this House for my constituents.
REVOLUTIONARY CLAIMS.
Mr. FENTON. I rise to a privileged question
I call up the motion to reconsider the vote by
which House bill No. 13, to provide for the set-
tlement of the claims of officers and soldiers of
the revolutionary army, and of the widows and
children of those who died in the service, was re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union. I will ask to have it considered,
unless it be the pleasure of the House that its
consideration should be postponed to the second
Tuesday in December next, and made a special
order for that day. I am willing that that should
be the action of the House; otherwise, instead of
calling up the bill this morning, I give notice that
I will, to-morrow morning, immediately after the
reading of the Journal, call up the motion to re-
consider , and ask to bring the bill before the House.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table. We must go on with
the regular order of business.
MrT BRANCH. There is so much conversa-
tion going on, oathis side of the House, that it is
impossible for us to hear what is going on.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will give way for a simple
motion to postpone till the second Tuesday in
December; and on that I will call the previous
question.
Mr. NOELL. I object to making this bill a
special order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the
motion to be to postpone until the second Tues-
day m December next simply, without connect-
ing the motion toth its being made a special
order.
Mr. CURRY. I desire to inquire whether this
postponement will deprive us of the right to raise
questions of order upon this bill?
The SPEAKER. It will not, in the opinion
of the Chair.
Mr. CURRY. Well, sir, I want that to go on
the record.
Mr. FENTON. I suppose the House under-
stands this motion. It is, that the motion to re-
consider be agreed to, and the bill postponed un
til the second Tuesday m December next, and
made a special order.
Mr. BRANCH. That in a very different mo-
tion from the one made by the gentleman from
Ohio.
Mr. SHERMAN. My motion was to post-
pone the motion to reconsider until the second
Tuesday in December next.
Mr. FENTON. And make a special order.
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir; 1 did not include
the motion that it be made a special order. I
have made the motion to postpone, and I call for
the previous question upon it.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. That is worse
