712
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
shall be satisfied that the owners of them are citi-
zens of the United States.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
"reading, read the third time, and
WILLIAM HAZZARD WIOG.
Mr. HAMMOND. I submit the following
order, and ask its present consideration:
Ordered, That the Court of Claims be directed to return
to the Senate the papers in the case of William Hazzard
Wigg,against the United States. ^
' Mr. IVERSON. Before the order is passed by
the Senate, I should be glad to have an explana-
tion from the Senator from South Carolina what
the object may be of withdrawing these papers
from the Court of Claims. It seems to me this
practice is getting rather too rife in the Senate of
referring cases to the Court of Claims, and then
drawing them bade without any consideration.
Mr. HAMMOND. The intention is to refer
them to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims
of this body when the papers come in.
Mr. IVERSON. I know nothing about the
case.
The order was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to.
PATENT OFFICE REPORT.
—The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
at this hour call up the special order, being the
unfinished business of yesterday—the Post Office
deficiency bill.
Mr. PITCH. I move to postpone the consid-
eration of the unfinished business for the purpose
of calling up the resolutions which I presented
yesterday from the Committee on Printing rela-
tive to printing the several reports from the Patent
Office. I presume they will lead to no debate, and
will consume no time.
Mr. IVERSON. I move to postpone the con-
sideration of the special order for half an hour, to
allow us to make reports.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion of the Senator from Indiana to post-
pone the unfinished business of yesterday, which
is the Post Office appropriation bill, with a view
to take up the resolutions reported from the Com-
mittee on Printing yesterday.
Mr. FITCH. My motion was designed to be,
if it was not, more comprehensive than that—to
postpone all special orders for that purpose.
_ Mr. HUNTER. Postpone them for a limited
time.
Mr. FITCH. I will say half an hour.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I suppose that
will leave all business to come up in regular order.
Mr. FITCH. Perhaps my good nature will
catise me to lose an opportunity of calling up my
resolutions at all. As 1 prefer to call them up
now, I renew my original motion.
The VICE PRESIDEJNT. The Senator moves
to postpone all special orders for half an hour. Is
that the motion of the Senator from Indiana?
Mr. FITCH. Yes, sir; for the purpose of call-
ing up the -resolutions I reported yesterday.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution:
Resolved, That the annual report of the Commissioner of
Patents on agriculture, for the year 1859, he printed, and
that fifteen thousand additional copies thereof be printed;
ten thousand ot which lor the use of the Senate, and five
thousand for distribution by the Interior Department: Pro-
videdt That the Aggregate number of pages contained in said
report shall not exceed six hundred pages, including ten
pages of illustrations on wood: Jind provided further, That
the entire amount of copy necessary to complete said re-
port, including the drawings for the illustrations on paper,
be placed in the hands of the Superintendent of Public
Printing on or before the 1st day of April next.
The resolution was agreed to.
TheYICE PRESIDENT. The following res-
olution is now before the Senate:
Resolved, That the annual report of the Commissioner of !
Patents on arts and manufactures, for the year 1859, be j
printed, and that ten thousand additional copies thereof be |
printed; Cjgbt thousand of which tor the use of the Senate, i
a? tfrpusand for the Interior Department, for purposes !
of official distribution; the plates and drawings to be en- !
i not topxeyed m size those illustrating the report
of 1857: Provided, That the expense shall not be increased
by such enlargement: Jind provided, That the tabular state-
ments and indices be printed with nonpareil type and the
description of patents with brevier type, so as to complete
the entne report in two octavo volumes.
Mr. DAVIS. I think it is proper for the chair-
man of the committee to state to the Senate the
facts in connection with this resolution. It has
been ordered by Congress that the number of
pages should be reduced within a limit which
has not been found possible, by the report of the
Secretary of the Interior, to contain the w.ork
which is required by previous laws, so that this
order, as it is presented, violates the last law,
necessarily. I think that matter had better be
explained.
Mr. FITCH. The Congress at the last session
directed the Secretary of the Interior to see that
the report of the Patent Office, upon mechanics,
was embraced in one volume, embellishments and
all. The Secretary reports upon the subject that
he found himself under the necessity of violating
the old laws yet in force on the subject which re-
quired him to report certain matter, or violate the
late law. He preferred—indeed, he found himself
under the necessity of complying with the laws
specifying what should be reported. He has re-,
ported them; and it is a mere question now of
expediency upon our part whether we will print
it or not. The committee finding that the Depart-
ment had not condensed that report to one vol-
ume, have taken steps, as will be seen by the pro-
viso, to condense it into two, instead of publishing
it in three volumes, as heretofore.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
agreeing to the resolution reported from the Com-
mittee on Printing.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to increase the num-
ber to be printed of the agricultural report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
allow the Chair to submit to the Senate whether
the question shall be taken by yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CAMERON. I understand that the reso-
lution in regard to the mechanical report is up
now. I will defer my motion until a vote is taken
on that.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I should like to have the
precise question stated.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
again read the resolution.
The Secretary read it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It seems to me this is an j
inconsistency in our legislation. If we are going |
to abolish the franking privilege, what are we to |
do with those eight thousand copies for the use j
of the Senate?
Mr. FITCH. I presume the Senator from
Wisconsin will find nie as serious and earnest an
advocatc of the abolition of the franking privilege
as there is on this floor; but I well recollect that
the committeo last year reported, upon the sup-
position that the franking privilege would be abol- '
ished, no extra copies for the use of the Senate.
They were all for the use of the Department. The
resolution was taken up at the end of the session,
and some Senator moved to amend it by striking
out the Department, and inserting the Senate.
We got them all, and the Department got none; i
and if we were to make a similar report now, I j
very much fear a similar result would be obtained. |
At all events, it will be an easy matter, if the frank-
ing privilege should be abolished, for the Senator
himself, or myself, or any other Senator who has j
extra numbers, to hold them subject to the orders
of our constituents, postage being prepaid.
Mr. CLAY. If the book is as valuable as gen-
tlemen on the other side contend, surely their con-
stituents will pay the postage upon it. If it is not
worth that, I think we had better abolish the book-
publishing business.
The question being taken on the adoption of
the resolution, by yeas and nays, resulted—yeas
20, nays 30; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Benjamin, Bisler, Bragg, Col-
lamer, Crittenden, Fitch, Green, Givm, Haun, Hemphill,
Johnson of Arkansas, Kennedy, Lane, Nicholson, Powell,
Mice, Saulsbury, Sebastian, and Wi fall—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Bingham, Brown, Cameron, Chandler,
Clark, Clay, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, Durkee, Fcssenden,
Fitzpatriek, Foster, Grimes, Hale, Hamlin, Hammond,
Tverson, Johnson of Tennessee, Mason, Pugh, Simmons,
Sumner, Ten Eyck, Thomson, Toomhs, Trumbull, Wade
Wilkinson, and Wilson—30.
So the resolution was rejected.
Mr. DAVIS. I moye a reconsideration of the
vote which has just been taken, and will state to
the Senate what my purpose is in making that
motion. It is to amend the resolution by striking
out the eight'thousand extra copies intended for
distribution by the Senate. If the Senate iiToo
to the reconsideration, I shall then move to make
that amendment.
Mr. HALE. Does the Senator ask the gon-
sideration of that motion now ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
who moves the reconsideration desire a vote upon
it at this time >
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. HALE. I wished simply to move that
when we adjourn to-day we adjourn to meet on
Monday next.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope that motion will npt
be made until we see whether we can get through
with the appropriation bill to-day. If we do, I
will vote for it. If we do not, we ought to meet
to-morrow and dispose of the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will suggest to the Sen-
ator from Mississippi whether he had not better
defer calling up his motion for the present, and let
Senators look into it a little, and have a motion
made to reconsider the vote by which the other
report was ordered to be printed. I think he
would then have a better chance to accomplish his
object than at present.
Mr. DAVIS. I would rather have it off my
hands. I will be glad if the Senate should recon-
sider it now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved that
the Senate reconsider the vote by which the res-
olution was rejected.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I call for the yeas and
nays on the reconsideration.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken resulted—yeas 33, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Benjamin, Bigier, Bragg, Bright,
Clay, Collamer, Crittenden, Davis, Fitch, p'itzpatrick,
Green, Gwm, Hammond, Haun, Hemphill, Hunter, Iver-
son, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee Ken-
nedy, Lane, Mason, Nicholson, Powell, Fugh,Rioe, Sauls-
bury, Sebastian, Slidell, Thomson, Toombs, and Wigfall—
NAYS—Messrs. Bingham, Brown, Cameron,'Chandler,
Clark, Dixon, Doolittle, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Grimes,
Hale, Hamlin, King, Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trum-
bull, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—Hi.
So the voto rejecting the resolution was recon-
sidered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. DAVIS. I now wish to amend the reso-
lution by striking out the eight thousand extra
copies provided for the use of the Senate, so that
it will provide only for printing the usual number
of copies, and two thousand for the Interior De-
partment. The Interior Department, being in cor-
respondence with inventors and mechanics, will
probably distribute two thousand to the greatest
advantage among its correspondents. It will, at
least, find those persons to whom this publication
will be most valuable. I hope, therefore, the
resolution may pass in that form, and that we
shall thus rid ourselves, so far as this publication
is concerned, from the distribution of books.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
road the amendment.
The Secretary road the amendment, which is in
line four, to strike out the words " ten thousand
additional copies," and insert " two thousand ad-
ditional copies;" and in lines five, six, and seven,
strike out the words " eight thousand of which
for the use of the Senate, and two thousand;" so
that the resolution will read:
Resolved, .That the annual report of the Commissioner
of Patents on aits and manufactures, for the year 18o9, be
printed; and that two thousand additional copies thoicof
be printed for the Interior Department, for purposes of offi-
cial distribution, &c.
Mr. FITCH. If the resolution is to be adopted
without allowing any extra numbers for the use
of the Senate, I suggest the propriety of increas-
ing the number for tin: use of the Department,
and for these reasons: if there were extra num-
bers given to Senators, (and, for one, I do not
desire a single one,) it is to be presumed that Sen-
ators would distribute them, in part, among in-
ventors. An inventor is, if any being is, entitled
to a copy of that work. He has paid his full fees,
his thirty dollars. There are four thousand five
hundred of them for this year alone. Aside from
these, the Department usually sends two thou-
sand to its exchanges. I merely throw out these
suggestions for the Senate. I shall make no mo-
tion on this subject.
Mr. SIMMONS. I will inquire of the chair-
man of the Committee on Printing, if this report
is to be printed solely for the Department jud
