1860.
granting of patents and to the renewal or exten-
sion of patents? Why notlcave them the same
judicial remedy which ail other parties have who
are litigants, and which they have had from the
begin urns; of' the Government up to the present
time ? Where is the necessity of taking this rad-
ical step at this time, and taking it—so far as I
understand or know anything about it—against
the express wishes of the inventors, of the men
by whose brain and by whose money this estab-
lishment is built up and continued ? Why sub-
ject them to a final action before this tribunal thus
constituted, and not let them go to the courts as
they have been allowed to do from the beginning?
So far as I have any information about ft, that is
the feeling of the inventors. They desire that
they may, in the lastresort, have an appeal to the
courts, as they have had ever since the Patent
Office was started; and that this rash and radical
innovation shall not be forced upon them ajainst
their interests and against their wishes, and'with-
out any great evil being suggested by anybody
from the present operation of the case.
This was one of the reasons why 1 did not want
this bill brought up this afternoon. If! can have
an opportunity of consulting with two or three of
the inventors that I know are in this city, and their
representatives, I shall be content. I have no dis-
position to stand here and make this opposition;
but as it is, I think this is a blow aimed at them
which will be deleterious to their interests, con-
trary to their wishes, and subversive of their
rights. I hope the section will be struck out.
Mr. TRUMBXJLL. The object of this section
is to facilitate and improve the manner of obtain-
ing patents. It is intended for the benefit of in-
ventors, and I am not aware that it is objected to
by them. This bill has been under consideration
a long time by the Committee on Patents. It is
proposed now to cut off the appeal from the'Com-
missiorirr to the judges of the circuit court of the
District of Columbia. This appeal hasnotcx-
istcd,I think,as the SenatorfromNew Hampshire
supposes, from the beginning of the Government.
There used to be a board, composed of the Secre-
tary of State and some other officers, that had a
revisory power over the Commissioner.
Mr. HALE. The chief justice was one of
them.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB1.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And now it is proposed
to create an inferior tribunal. You have in ihe
first place the primary examiners. fThey decide
on the application for a patent; and the application
may be renewed before them—two trials. Then
there is an appeal from these primary examiners
to the examiners-in-chief, three of tliem to be ap-
pointed for the purpose, and they answer to the
present Commissioner. They will relieve the Com-
missioner of a great portion of the duties which
have been devolved upon him by the present ar-
rangement. If the applicant is not satisfied with
the decision of the three examiners, he then ap-
peals to the Commissioner, and that is final so far
as the obtaining a patent is concerned; but the
parties may litigate about their rights just as they
do now in the courts. This bill will not prevent
that, and docs not interfere with any question
which may arise between parties claiming to be
the first inventors, or any question of that kind.
It merely applies to the issuing of the patent by
the office.
Now, the very objection which inventors make
is, that there is too much machinery. Their pat-
ents arc rendered worthless because of the litiga-
tion they are subjected to in regard to them; and
in every epplication for an extension of a patent
filed here, that I remember since I have been a
member of Congress and have been upon this
committee, I do not recollect a single instance
where the applicant has not based his application
upon theground that he has been unable to make
the invention remunerative because of the litiga-
tion to which he has been subjected. That is one
of the troubles. I think there is quite machinery
enough about it as the bill is. There must bean
end to litigation somewhere; and it does seem to
me that tiiese primary examiners first deciding,
then the examiners-in-chief, and then the Com-
missioner, give an applicant as many chances as
the publis good requires he should have. I think
it is right to cutoff the appeal to the courts. You
are appealing; from three bodies of men—the pri-
mary examiners, the examiners-iu-chief, and the
Commissioner—to a court which cannot be ex-
pected to understand these matters as well as per-
sons whoso whole time and attention are devoted
to them. I do not profess to be very familiar with
the machinery of the Patent Office; but the Com-
missioners recommended, three or four of them
in succession, substantially, a provision similar
to this second section. I assented to this in the
committee, and think it would be better to adhere
to it as it is.
i The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on striking out the second section.
Mr. COLLAMER. Does the motion rcach to
anythingmore than the last provision ? The sec-
tion provides for a board of examiners to relieve
the Commissioner; and I understood the motion
was simply to strike out the last clause, which
prevents ail appeal from the Commissioner to the
court.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
before the Senate is to strike out the whole sec-
tion.
Mr. HALE. Well, sir, I will take it on the
last clausc.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen-
ator be good enough to specify the section?
Mr. HALE. The Clerk knows.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
No appeal shall hereafter be allowed from the decision of
the Commissioner of Patents, except in eases pending prior
to the passage of this act.
The question being put on the motion to strike
out, there were—ayes 8, noes 11; no quorum
voting.
Mr. HALE. It is about time to adjourn. I
move that the Senate adjourn,
Mr. BIGLER. I call for the yeas and nays on
the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A motion is
made to adjourn, which supersedes that.
Mr. BIGLER. I call for the yeas and nays
on the motion to adjourn, to see whether there is
a quorum present.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and, being
taken, resulted—yeas 21, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bingham, Clark, Collamer, Crittenden,
Dixon, Duilcee, Fesscnden, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Hale,
Hamlin, King, Latham, Seward, Simmons, Suinner, Ten
Eyck, Thomson, Wade, and Wilkinson—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Benjamin, Bigler, Bragg, Bright, Clay,
Gwin, Harlan, Hemphill, Iverson, Johnson of Arkansas,
Nicholson, Polk, Powell, and Trumbull—14.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, *1pril 16, I860.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled a bill of the following title,
namely: An act (H. R. No. 213) to incorporate
the United States Agricultural Society; when the
Speaker signed the same.
JACOB WEBB.
Mr. ELY. I ask the unanimous consent of the
House to take up and recommit to the Committee
of Claims the papers in the case of Jacob Weed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I object.
INDIAN HOSTILITIES IN NEW MEXICO.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a mes-
sage from the President of the United States,
transmitting, in compliance with a resolution of
the House, the report of the Secretary of War,
and its accompaniments, communicating informa-
tion respecting Indian hostilities in New Mexico;
which was referred" to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed. >
NAVY CONTRACTS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Navy Department, trans-
mitting, in compliance with law, an abstract of
offers for furnishing naval supplies, coming under
the cognizance of the bureau of yards and docks,
for the year ending June 30, I860; and also a list
of the contracts made by that bureau; which was
laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
EMPLOYES OF HIE HOUSE.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Doorkeeper of the House,
furnishing a list of the employes .'under him,.in
answer to a resolution adopted on motion of Mr.
Burnett.
Mr. BURNETT. There have been responses
returned to this House by the Clerk, Postmaster,
and Doorkeeper, to a resolution which I offered
in this House, and which was adopted by 1(1 J.
would move their reference—.— '
Mr. WASH BURN, ofMaine. I inquire whether
this debate is in order.
Mr. BURNETT. I shall submit a motion. I
prefer the reference of this report 
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I object to any-
thing of this kind until after the expiration of the
morning hour.
Mr. BURNETT. I am in order, and the gen-
tleman from Maine is not in order; for he certainly
knows that no gentleman has a right to make aa
objection sitting in his seat.
Mr. TOMPKINS. Then I object.
Mr. BUfi-NETT. Well, your objection is of
no avail. I was remarking that I would prefer
the reference of these responses to a special com-
mittee of this House. My reason is one which I
have urged upon this House repeatedly.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I call for the
reading of the rule which declares that one hour
after the reading of the Journal shall be devoted
to a particular purpose.
The SPEAKER. I understood that unanimous
consent was given to make this report to the
House.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I object to
everything which interferes with the rule.
Mr. TOMPKINS. And as exception was taken
to that objection, on account of the gentleman
from Maine not rising in his seat, I rose and ob-
jected.
Mr. BURNETT. Gentlemen will save time
by allowing me to proceed, for I do not wish to
detain the House unnecessarily.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I have no
special objection to the gentleman from Kentucky
proceeding, but I object because I see clearly that
unless we begin by adhering strictly to the new
rules, they will be utterly worthless in their appli-
cation. Somebody must make this objection. I
do not desire to do it; I do not like to do it; but
somebody must do it.
The SPEAKER. As this report was allowed
to be presented to the House by unanimous con-
sent, a disposition must be made of it.
Mr. BURNETT. This is a subject which the
House has repeatedly had before it, since my
service here commenced. Ifgentlemen would'take
the trouble and pains to examine the disburse-
ment of the contingent fund of this House, and.
in connection with that the number of employes
we have in and around this Capitol, they would
find good reason for a reform of abuses. There
are no greater abuses connected with the admin-
istration of the public affairs of the Federal Gov-
ernment than are to be found in and around this
Capitol in connection with the employes and the
disbursement of the contingent fund of the House.
We have three times as many employes here as
the public service demands, who are mere pen-
sioners upon the public bounty. I charge the
blame for this state of things upon no particular
party, but the fact exists that we have had these
supernumeraries here for years, and their number
is gradually increasing, and their salaries also. If
gentlemen would investigate this matter it would,
to say the least, give them employment in the cor-
rection of some of the abuses connected with pub-
lic affairs in and around this House. We have
heard much said in this Hall in reference U> cor-
ruption, extravagance, and abuses;and yet when
you point to the place where you ought to apply
measures of reform, it is very hard to get gentle-
men to cooperate with reference to it.
By a resolution of this House passed during
the last Congress, we not only reduced the num-
ber of these employes, but wo reduced their sal-
aries; and we found numbers of men willing to
take their positions, and to discharge the duties
attached thereto, at the rates of compensation
fixed by that resolution. Yet, no sooner did this
Congress meet than the horde of hungry office-
seekers who prowl around this Capitol, came
here, and by a cordial and hearty cooperation in
personal appeals to members, they succeeded in
obtaining a majority of the House to repeal the
