714
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
without any extra copies. Now, I should like
to have a reference of this resolution to the Com-
mittee on Patents and the Patent Office. The
chairman of that committee is well acquainted
with printing. The inquiry cannot be but advan-
tageous to the Government. If this is the best
fl'ace to have it printed, I am perfectly willing to
Cve it printed here. If the Patent Office is tfie
best place, I think the Senate ought to be willing
to have it printed there. I cannot perceive why
we are continually objecting and making serious
complaints, alarming the country about the enor-
mous expenditures fox printing, and then insist
on going on and printing extra copies.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If the Senator from Rhode
Island will permit me, as I had no idea of giving
rise to a debate on this subject, I will withdraw
my amendment.
Mr. SIMMONS. That does not affect my mo-
tion at all. I would as lief have the amendment
in. If the Patent Office say they want five thou-
sand, as the Senator from Louisiana suggests, I
am willing to vote five thousand. I have no ob-
jection whatever to printing a sufficient number,
and giving every inventor a copy of this report.
I think he is entitled to it by the money ho has
already paid. It is merely a question where it
ought to be printed, and where it can be most
economically printed, and where it can be best
printed. I think the reference I propose is proper,
in order to determine that question.
Mr. CLAY. With the permission of the Sen-
ator I will suggest, that I think the only question
with the Senator and with his party friends is,
where it is to be printed. They think that if,
to-day, we postpone action upon this resolution,
they will elect a Printer of his political faith in the
other end of the Capitol, who will then get the
work; and that, in my opinion, is the secret—not
the secret, but the patent cause of the action of him
ajid his party friends. That is your objection;
aii& because yon are determined to beat us for
party purposes, I trust Senators on this side of
the House will sit you out.
Mr. SIMMONS. That is a very senatorial im-
putation upon the honorable Senators, his fel-
lows on this floor! I think he can judge of his
own motives better than he can of mine, and his
expression satisfies mo that the votes of his friends,
ana his opinions about his opponents here, are
very nearly alike.
Mr. PITCH. With the permission of the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island, I wish to make a brief
statement. This and other important documents
have been in the hands of the Printing Committee
for some time. I can only speak for myself; but
instead of hastily reporting it here, with any such
view as the Senator from Rhode Island insinuates,
we retained it for your friends to settle their quar-
rels at the other end of the Capitol, and have their
Printer; and you intend now, by your votes, to
retain it to the end of this session, if necessary.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator w.ll
be good enough to address the Chair.
Mr. PITCH. _ Then I have only to call atten-
tion to the conflicting speeches and votes of the
Senators on that side yesterday, in favor, so far
as their speeches were concerned, of publishing
a document which the Senator from Mississippi
[Mr. Davis] proposed to publish; avowing in their
speeches their determination to vote for its print-
ing, and contradicting, by their votes, those very
speeches; determining, by those votes, to defer the
publication until they could partake of the profits
arising from it. The Senator from Alabama has
well said what their motive is. They dare not
deny it.
Mr. SIMMONS. All this may be very proper.
I have not alluded to the Committee on Printing
at all. I supposed the recommendation they made
was in good faith, and I have no doubt of it. Nor
have I alluded to any purpose of employing any
particular printer. I have stated, and I believe
that the proper inquiries about the printing of the
Patent Office report, and particularly with refer-
ence to the drawings, should go to the Patent
Office Committee, and that they should consult
the Commissioner of Patents as to the best mode
of printing it. I have not heard of any quarrel
among our friends at the other end of the Capitol,
or among the gentleman's friends there; and if I
had, I think I have sat long enough in this body
to know that it would be dircctly against the rules
of parliamentary order to allude to it. If I know
anything about rules, men are not to be arraigned
and tried in a place where they cannot answer for
themselves, f do not know anything about any
quarrel, and have not heard of any; and I do not
choose to have people interrupt me, and tell -me
that I have this kind of motive and that kind of
motive about any squabble with regard to jobs.
When I introduce a measure here to get a job,
it will be time enough to accuse' me of such a
motive.
I shall ask for the yeas and nays on my motion.
I do not want to prolong the debate. I hear no
objection to the reference to the Patent Office
Committee. I believe that committee is com-
posed, as all the rest of the committees are, of a
majority of the friends of the gentlemen upon the
other side. If they cannot trust that committee,
I can. I believe they will do what is right, and
will report their opinion ,upon it, and report the
numbers necessary to ac&ommodate all the pat-
entees who have occasion for this book. As to
getting any to circulate among my constituents,
I do not wish any. I prefer to have all the extra
numbers go to the Patent Office, and let them dis-
tribute them; and I am willing, for that purpose,
to give them the power to frank, if they have not
got it, but I suppose they have. I shall not pro-
long this debate unless some objection is made to
my proposition. I do not hear any. I think it
is a very proper motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Louisiana has withdrawn his amendment to the
amendment. There is still an amendment to the
resolution. The Senator from Rhode Island, how-
ever, moves that the resolution and amendment
be committed to the Committee on Patents and
the Patent Office.
Mr. SIMMONS. And on that I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays wore ordered.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I have been voting en-
tirely in utter ignorance of all the contingencies
that might befall this resolution in the way of
who shall do the printing. I pay no attention to
such things. They do not enter into my mind at
all. I shall vote as if I was in that state of igno-
rance that I was before, not knowing or caring
one fig into the hands of what printer it may fall.
I voted, before, to postpone it, simply to get it
out of the way of the greater measure which the
chairman of the Committee on Finance has been
pressing. I have been tired of this subject for
some time; and not only that, but anxious to
make way for the other measure. I voted for the
postponement, and I shall do it again.
Mr. DAVIS. The motion to refer the mechan-
ical part of the Patent Office report to the Com-
mittee on Patents, can only be with a view to
decide what portion of the report of the Commis-
sioner of Patents shall be rejected from the prop-
osition to print. It would be very unjust to in-
ventors, to those who have obtained patents, as
well as to those whose applications have been
rejected, to have such a discrimination made by
the committee. It is due to the inventive genius
of the country, that the reports of the Commis-
sioner of Patents upon each application, as re-
quired to be sent here by law, should be published.
We have a right to know as well what has been
granted, as what has been refused. These re-
ports and diagrams, which set forth the numbers
of patents granted within the year, specifying, I
believe, as briefly as is in the power of the Com-
missioner, the character of the application and the
patent granted, are part of the information to whic h
every inventor is entitled. It might be that the
Patent Office would decide one invention was of
such smaW importance as that it would be useless i
to print its description, it would be unjust to the !
inventor if they did so. They are not the proper !
tribunal to decide that question. The patentee
has passed the severe ordeal of the examiners in
the Patent Office, and the law requires that the
report shall embrace all patents, and this is but
a proposition to print them. If there be any other
purpose for which it can be sent to the Commit-
tee on Patents, I am at a loss to imagine what it
is. If for that, it would be entirely wrong that
they should touch it; and, therefore, 1 cannot see
what advantage we should derive from such a
reference.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 33; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bingham, Cliamller, Hark, Collaincr.
Crittenden, Dixon, Doolittle, Dnrkee, Foot, Foster, Grimes,
Hamlin, Harlan, King, Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyck,
Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Benjamin, Bigler, Bragg, Bright, Clies-
nut, Clay, Clingman, Davis, Fitch, Fitzpntriek, Green,
Givin, Hammond, Haun, Hemphill, Hunter, lverson, John-
son ot Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Kennedy, Lane,
Mallory, Mason, Nicholson, Pearce, Powell, Pugh, Rice,
Saulsbury, Sebastian, Slidell, Toombs, and Wigfall—33.
So the motion to refer the resolution to the Com-
mittee on Patents and the Patent Office was not
agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question recurs
on the amendment offered by the Senator from
Mississippi.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend by adding:
And that a sufficient number of the report be printed to
supply one copy to each patentee; and that one thousand
additional copies be printed for the Department of the In-
terior.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the Senator allow me
to suggest to him that he has not designated very
particularly what he means. He says, " one
copy to each patentee:" during the year, or each
patentee in the United States ?
Mr. WILSON. During the year. Let those
words be inserted. I understood that the num-
ber of patentees last year was about four thou-
sand five hundred. My intention was, that we
should print enough to furnish each one of these
patentees a copy of the work.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Each person who has re-
ceived a patent during the year ?
Mr. WILSON. 'Yes, sir.
Mr. BENJAMIN. That had better be ex-
pressed.
Mr. WILSON. Let the Secretary make that
change.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
read the amendment of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, as modified.
The Secretary read, as follows:
And that a sufficient number of the report be printed to
supply one copy to each patentee who has received a patent
during the year; and that one thousand additional copies
be printed for the Department of the Interior.
Mr. DAVIS. If that will be acceptable, so that
wc can get rid of this interminable debate, I will
accept it.
Mr. WILSON. Will the Secretary read the
proposition and the amendment of the Senator
from Mississippi5
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
read the resolution as it will be when amended
by the motion of the Senator from Mississippi,
and the amendment of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts to that amendment.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Resolved, That the annual report of the Commissioner of
Patents on arts and manulactme^, for the year 1859, be
printed; and that two thousand additional copies thereof be
punted for the Interior Department, for purposes of official
distribution ; the plates and diavvings to be enlarged, but
not to exceed in size those illustrating the report of 1857:
Provided, That the expense sliaSI not be increased by sueb
enlargement: And provided, That the tabular statements
and indices be printed with nonpareil type, and the descrip-
tions of patents with brevier type, so as to complete the
entire report in two octavo volumes; and that a sufficient
number of the report be punted to supply one copy to each
patentee who has received a patent during the year, and
that one thousand additional copies be printed for the De-
partment of the Interior.
Mr. WILSON. As the original resolution
provides for two thousand copies to the Depart-
ment, I propose to strike out that portion of my
amendment which gives one thousand copies to
the Department. Then there will be printed the
usual number for the Senate, two thousand for
thc Deportment, and forty-five hundred in order
to furnish one for each patentee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator can
so modify his own amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. I accept it.
Mr. SIMMONS. I should like to inquire if
there is any provision of law about the number of
pages in these volumes > J" Yes."] How many
is this report to consist of?
Mr. FITCH. The report of the Secretary of
the Interior states that the work would make three
oetavo volumes, equal, in quantity and size, to
those of last year; but the committee, in order to
reduce the bulk, has directed the type to be of a
little smaller description, which is really, in my
estimation, equally as legible, and perhaps su-
perior to the other type, and thus we reduce the
number of volumes to two. I may as well say,
that the object in enlarging the plates is simply
this: In his effort to tiring the work within the
