1734:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 16,
resolution. The effect of that repeal was not only
to put money in the pockets ef those employes
who were here last session, and whose time had
expired, bat to increase the compensation of men
who hold positions under the Doorkeeper.
But that is notall; for I am informed that since
the repeal of that resolution, notwithstanding the
large number of employes you had around the
Capitol, the Committee of Accounts have author-
ized the employment of additional messengers. I
ask gentlemen to look at this Hall for one mo-
ment. Go around to these offices and look at the
employes of the Government, and tell me what
duties they perform. Yet you are paying; many
of them twelve and fifteen.hundred dollars a year
out of the public Treasury. Two of them are
required to attend to one of these doors for the
purpose of pulling it open to let members pass
through; and but a few days since I saw one of
them, a fat old gentleman, reclining on one of the
sofas on the outside, taking a morning nap. These
men have little or nothing to do. Gentlemen tell
me they are for the correction of abuses in the
administration of public affairs. Now if you are
in earnest, gentlemen, let us commence at once,
and commence with this Hall. Here are num-
berless abuses which we may correct. Go and
look into the Clerk's office, and you will find many
more clerks there than are needed for the dis-
charge of the duties of that office. Many of them
are supernumeraries. Go into the Scrgcant-at-
Arms' room, and you find more there than are
needed. Go into the Post Office, and ypu find the
same state of things there. When you look into
the office of the Doorkeeper, you will find an
amount of patronage which will astonish you.
Now if the House is willing, I will submit a
motion to refer these reports to a special commit-
tee, with power to report at any time. If that
does not meet the views of the House—I do not
desire to be connected with such a committee—I
will move to refer the subject to the Committee of
Accounts, with a view of regulating this whole
thing; by law, allowing them to report their con-
clusion at any time.
I prefer, however, and will with the permission
of the House move, that the reports to which I
have alluded be referred to a special committee
of this House, to consist of five members, with
the privilege of reporting at any time.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection what-
ever to referring this whole matter to the Com-
mittee of Accounts, with leave to report at any
time. That committee already has charge of* this
subject, and there is an evident propriety in send-
ing these reports to them.
Mr. BURNETT. Without designing any re-
flection upon the Committee of Accounts, I must
say that their labors are onerous, and that we had
the subject submitted to them last Congiess, but
they made no report. I prefer that the reports
should take the direction i have indicated.
Mr. SHERMAN. I concur with the gontlo-
man from Kentucky in what he said the other
day—that special committees ought not to be or-
dered unless there were some pressing circum-
stances to justify it. The Committee of Accounts
was organized for the purpose of examining mat-
ters of this kind.
I agree with the gentleman that there arc too
many employes about the House, as well as in
various other departments of the Government. I
think the subject should be referred to the Com-
mittee of Accounts, and 1 therefore make that
motion.
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. I would suggest
to the gentleman from Kentucky that he refer this
subjeq^totheComnutteeon Manufactures. They
have no business, and they desire to manufacture
some. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOUSTON. "With a view to test the
sense of the House whether it intends to effect
any reform on this subject, 1 call for the yeas and
nays. 1 think the mat'tdr ought to go to a special
committee.
Mr. BURNETT. 1 think this matter may be
arranged. I want no privilege for that select
committee to send for persons and papers. I
merely want to give it the right of investigating
the matter thoroughly, with "a view of breaking
up this system of useless offices about the House.
Mr. KUNKEL. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, that there is this difficulty
about his proposition: I am satisfied that no se-
lect committee appointed by the Speaker of the
House can properly investigate and report on this
subject. The Committee of Accounts have ne-
cessarily a more intimate, personal, and direct
knowledge of the duties required to be performed
in the Clerk's office, and in the Doorkeeper's,
post ofnee, and other departments of the House,
than any other committee of this body can have;
and without that knowledge there cannot be an
intelligent report made to the House on the sub-
ject. I therefore hope the gentleman from Ken-
tucky will withdraw his motion, and let the mat-
ter go to the Committee of Accounts.
Mr. BURNETT. In response to the gentle-
man from Maryland, permit me to say this: this
is my third term in Congress, and since I have had
the honor of serving here, there have been repeated
efforts made to correct these abuses. Butwehave
never yet, except once, during that whole time,
been able to got a report from the Committee of
Accounts on the subject. It was referred to the
Committee of Accounts during the last Congress,
but no report was made. The result, therefore,
of referring the matter to that committee, is to
dispose of it altogether.
1 call the previous question on my motion.
Mr. SPINNER. I ask the gentleman from
Kentucky whether he does not remember that a
colleague of his own [Mr. Mason] made a re-
port from the Committee of Accounts at the last
Congress ?
Mr. KUNKEL. I hope the gentleman from
Kentucky will withdraw his demand for the pre-
vious question for one moment. I wish to cor-
rect an error m point of fact into which the gen-
tleman has fallen.
Mr. BURNETT. I suppose the gentleman
wishes to call my attention to the fact that my
late colleague [Mr. Mason] did make a report at
the last Congress, as has just been suggested. 1
will make that correction.
Mr. KUNKEL. More than that. 1 desire to
call attention to this fact.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky has demanded the previous question. Is
there a second ?
Mr. BURNETT. I withdraw it. The House
may do as it pleases.
Mr. KUNKEL. I desire to remind the gen-
tleman from Kentucky of the fact that at the last
Congress there were two special committees raised
to investigate the conduct of the Clerks to the
House in the Thirty-Fourth and Thirty-Fifth
Congresses, and of the Doorkeepers in both these
Congresses. Both these committees reported on the
subjects referred to them for their consideration.
They were further instructed,underthc resolutions
raismg them, to report what amendments or regula-
tions respecting the disbursement of the contingent
fund under the control of these officers should be
made; and they did report certain bills on that sub-
ject for the consideration of the House. But, sir, it
was obvious to the House itself, when these re-
ports were taken up for consideration, that the
select committees did not really understand the
subject; were not aware of the nature of the ex-
penses which the House was, from time to time,
incurring under special orders. These special-
ties, these contingencies, which no human fore-
sight can provide for, are alone to be determined
by the action of Congress, as it progresses with
each separate session. Thus, the contingent ex-
penses of the body are necessarily, from their
very nature, inappieeiable, and cannot be before-
hand defined and well settled.
Now it is proposed by the gentleman from Ohio
to refer this matter to the committee, which has
necessarily collected a great deal of experience in
regard to the disbursement of the contingent fund
ot the House, and m regard 1t) the force requited
m the Clerk'«office,the Doorkeeper's department,
the folding-room, and all the other departments of
the House. It is neccssary that the committee,
whose special duty it is to control thedisbursement
of this fund, should examine the subject, and re-
port for the consideration of the House what alter-
ations, if any, can be made to secure a more eco-
nomical expenditure in the various departments of
the House.
Mr CURRY. Will the gentleman from Ma-
ryland permit me to propounda question to him?
Mr. KUNKEL. Certainly.
Mr. CURRY. At the commencement of this
session, Mr. Speaker, I introduced a resolution,
which was referred to the Committee of Accounts,
instructing them to inquire into the expediency
of adopting some additional legislation to secure
greater accountability and economy in the distribu-
tion of the contingent fund. It is well known to
those who are at all familiar with the expenditure
of the contingent fund that the Government is
swindled outrageously, not from any fault in the
Committee of Accounts, but on account of the ab-
sence of some stringent legislation on the subject.
I desire to ask the gentleman fronj Maryland
whether the Committee of Accounts have taken
any steps to prepare a bill carrying out the instruc-
tions oi the House in regard to that subject?
Mr. KUNKEL. The committee is now en-
gaged in that labor, Mr. Speaker. I desire to
say that there are more difficulties surrounding
the subject than many gentlemen are aware of
who have not had then* attention specially called
to the subject. A large amount of public money
is disbursed in the shape of contingent or miscel-
laneous expenses. There are from one hundred
to one hundred and fifty, or perhaps two hun-
dred, different employes of the House in its ser-
vice during the session and during the recess of
Congress. The duties of these different em-
ployes are very various. It is the desiie of the
committee (so far, at least, I can speak for my-
self, without consultation with my colleagues) to
cut off, as far as possible, all the expenditures that
are necessarily permanent in their nature from
those that are fleeting, changing, and capricious,
and to put the patronage of the various depart-
ments of the House under some organized or re-
sponsible bureau or officer of the Government,
who may regulate and hold to accountability those
who have public money and property m their
hands.
This appears to me to be the most judicious
arrangement that can be made, but I cannot speak
authoritatively of the views of the committee.
Mr. CURRY. I would like to inquire of the
gentleman from Maryland whether that commit-
tee is likely to report a bill very soon?
Mr. KUNKEL. I can only assure the gentle-
man from Alabama that the committee will cer-
tainly feel it to be its pleasure and duty to obey
the order of the House.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman from Mary-
land makes one point which he will see he ought
to yield, if he will listen to me for a moment. It
is, that the Committee of Accounts, having so
much experience, so much knowledge of the busi-
ness, are therefore the bestcommittee to have this
matter referred to. Now, if we refer it to a special
committee, we would have the benefit of the su-
perior knowlege of the Committee of Accounts,
together with the advantages of the investigation
which the special committee may give to the sub-
ject. I now ask the previous question on the
motion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered, which was on the refer-
ence to the Committee of Accounts.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask the yeas and nays on
it;because that reference, I believe, would smother
up the matter.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken on the amendment of
Mr. Sherman; and it was decided in the affirm-
ative—yeas 101, nays 77; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Charles F. Adam®!, Green Adams,
Adram. AUlneh, Allen, Alley, William C. Anderson, A-h-
ley, Babbitt, Beale, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Brayton, Buf-
fmtori, Burlingame, Burnham, Butterfield, Campbell, Ca-e,
Coltax, Colliding. Covodo, Ciutis, Davve?, Delano, Duell,
Edwaid>, Eliot, Hlv, Ltheridge, Fenton, Foster, Fiank,
Fieneh, tlnoeh, (iutley, Hale, J Morrison Hart's, Hatton,
Ilelnnek, Hickman, Iloaid, Humphrey, liutelun*, Irvine,
Junkm, Fiancis W. Kellogg, Williain Kellogg, Kemon,
Kilgore, Ivunkol. DeWitt C. Lfaeh, Loo, Longneckor,
Looiiux, Lovejoy, Maclav, Maiston, McKeari, McKmght,
MePher-on, Miihvard, Montgomery, Moorhead, Mow ill,
Mon-e, Nelson, Olm, Perr>, I'cttit, Porter. Potter, PouJe,
Rtcc, Christopher Robinson, Rovec, Schwartz, Seranton,
Sedgwick, Sherman, Somes, Spauldmg, Spmner, Stan-
ton, Steven^, Stoker, Stratton, Tappan, Thayer, Thoaker,
Totripkin*, Tumble, Vandcvei. Vcirwe, Walton, Cadwal-
aderC. Washburn, Webster, Well-., Whidotn, and Wood-
ruff—101.
NAYS—Messrs. Thomas L. Anderson. Bark«dalc,Bnrr,
Boeoek, Bonham. Bouhgny, Bojcc, Biabc-on, Branch, Bus
tow, Bnrch, Buinett, Carey, Carter, John 15. Clark,Cobb,
John Cochrane, Cooper, Jame?- Craig, Bui ton Craige, Claw-
ford, Curry, Davidson, De Jamette, Dunn, Edmuml^oi),
Florence, Gartrell, Ilaiduman. John T. Harris, lloluian,
Houston, Howard, Hughe?, Jackson, Jenkins, Jone^, Lar-
rabee, James M. Leach, Leake, Logan, Love, Mallory,
Charles D. Martin, Maynard, McClcrnaxid, McQueen, Me-
