292
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 3,
36th Coxg....1st Sess.
The Supreme Court and Bred Scott—Mr. Goocfi.
Ho. of Reps.
iri order to learn what was adjudicated. The Su-
preme Court, in determining as to its own and the
adjudications of other tribunals, has decided the
principles which shall govern itself and*all others
in ascertaining what has been adjudicated, and is
to be relied upon as binding authority. I refer to
the case of Carroll ®s. Carroll, 16 Howard, in which
Mr. Justice Curtis states the unanimous opinion
of the court thus:
" If the construction put by the court upon one of its stat-
utes was not a matter ot judgment; if it might have boon de-
cided either way without affecting any right brotfght into
questionjthen,according to the punciplesof common law,
an opinion on such a question is not a decision. To make
it so, iheie must have been an application of the judicial
mind to the precise question necessaiy to be determined to
fix the lights ot the parties, and decide to whom the prop-
ertj* in contestation belongs ; and, therefore, thiscoiut, and
other courts oiganized under the common law, has never
held itself bound by any part of an opinion in any case
which was not needful to the ascertainment of the right or
title in question between the paities."
And again, in the same opinion:
"Any opinion given here or elsewhere cannot be relied
on as binding authority, unless the case called for its ex-
pression."
Let us now apply these principles to the Dred
Scott case, and see if the court did decide the act
of Congress prohibiting slavery in the Territory
to be unconstitutional and void. The court says
that there are two leading questions presented by
the record:
"J. Ilad the circuit court ot the United States jurisdic-
tion to hear and dctetnnno the case between the patties?
and 2. If it had jurisdiction, is the judgment which the
court Jias given erioncous ?"
It is apparent, that if the court dccide the first
question in the negative, the second ceases to be
any question at all. If a court has no jurisdic-
tion, U can give no judgment*, and if it has given
judgment, it must be erroneous. And when the
Supreme Court decided that the circuit court had
no jurisdiction of these parties, it decided the
whole case; everything to which there could have
been an application of the judicial mind; all that
was needful to the ascertainment of the rights in
question between these parties in the Federal
courts. The plea in abatement, which had been
overruled by the circuit court, set forth that Dred
Scott was not a citizen of Missouri, because he
was a negro of African descent. The demurrer
admitted the fact that he was a negro; and the
plea and demurrer raised the question, can a ne-
gro be a citizen within the meaning of the Con-
stitution of the United States? The Supreme
Court soid that this question was before it for de-
cision. Of course, the constitutionality of the
Missouri compromise could not be involved in
this question. The opinion of the court upon
this question is given in these words:
"•And, upon a full and careful consideration of the sub-
ject, the court, is ot opinion that, upon the facts stated in
the plea in abatement, Died Scott was not a citizen o{ Mis-
souri within the meaning of the Constitution of the United
States, and not entitled as such to sue in its couits; and,
consequently, that the cnciut court had no jtni^dietion ot
the ease, and that the judgment, on the plea m abatement,
is erroneous."
Now, as there is only one thing that a court,
however u peculiar or limited its jurisdiction" may
be, can do with a case over which it decides that
it has no jurisdiction, (viz: dismiss it,) it would
seemthatan order to that effect from the Supreme
Court to the circuit court was all that was need-
ful to forever end the case of Dred Scott and Sand-
ford in the Federal courts.
And had the Supreme Court in this case ad-
hered to the principle which it decided in Carroll
vs. Carroll, and ended this case, when it had de-
cided all that it had the right or power to decide
in relation to these parties, I should then have
turned my attention to the opinion of the court on
this point, and devoted my hour to the considera-
tion of some of the well-settled principles of law,
and well and commonly-known facts of history,
which had been ignored or denied, in order to
reach the conclusion that a negro cannot be a cit-
izen of the United States. And I must now ask
the. attention of the committee for a moment to
an extract from the opinion of the court on this
point:
" It becomes necessary, therefore, to determine who were
citizens of the several States when the Constitution was
adopted. And, in order to do this, we must recur to the
Governments and institutions of the thirteen colonies when
they separated from Great Britain, and formed new sover-
eignties, and took their places in the family of independent
nations. Wo must inquire who, at that time, were recog-
nized as the people or citizens of a State, whose rights and
liberties had been oiutagcd by the English Government,
and who declared their independence and assumed the
powers of Government to defend their rights by force of
arms.
"in the opinion of the court, the legislation and histories
of the times, and the language used in the Declaration of
Independence, show that neither the class of persons who
had been imported as slaves, nor their descendants, whether
they had become free or not, weic then acknowledged as a
part of the people, nor intended to be included in the gen-
eral words u^ed in that memorable mstiument.
" Tt is difficult at ibis day to leahze the state of public
opinion in relation to that unfoitunatc race which prevailed
m the civilized and enlightened portions of the world at the
time of the Declaration of Independence,and when the Con-
stitution of the United States was fiamed and adopted. But
the public history of every European nation displays it in a
manner too plain to be mistaken.
ik They had, for moie than a century before, been re-
garded as beings of an interior order, and altogether unfit to
associate witlfthe white race, either in social or political
relations; and so far inferior that they had no rights which
the white man was bound to respect; and that the negro
might justly and lawiully be reduced to slavery for his ben-
efit. He was bought and sold, and treated as an ordinary
article of merchandise and tralfic, whenever a piofit could
be made by it. This opinion was, at that time, fixed and
univcisal in the civilized portion of the white race. It was
regauled as an axiom in morals as well as in politics, wMich
no one thought ot disputing, or supposed to be open to dis-
pute ; and men in every grade and position in society daily
and habitually acted upon it in their private pursuits, as
well as in matters of public concern, without doubting for
o. moment the coirectness of this opinion.
"And in no nation was this opinion more firmly fixed or
more uniformly acted upon than by the English Government
and English people."
I will also ask the attention of the committee
to the opinion of Lord Mansfield in the celebrated
Sommerset case:
" The state of slavery is of such a nature that it is inca-
pable of being introduced on any leasons, mora! or politi-
cal ; but only positive law, which preserves its force long
after the reasons, occasions, and tnne itself, from whence
it wa* created, is erased fiom memory. It is so odious,
that nothing can be suffered to support it but positive law.
Whatever inconveniences, therefore, may tollow from a
decision, I cannot ssay this case is allowed or approved by
the law of England, and therefore the black must be dis-
charged."
After having listened to the extract which I
have just read from the opinion of the court in
the Dred Scott case, you would hardly have ex-
pected to find such language and such opinions in
the decision of an English court, made more than
four* years before the Declaration of Independ-
ence—moie than fifteen years before the adoption
of the Constitution of the United States. This
decision was made in 1772; and from that day to
the present no man has trod the soil, or breathed
the air of England, without experiencing God's
noblest gift to man—freedom. Mr. Hargrave, in
opening this case, says:
" The air of England is deemed too pure for slaves to
breathe in it. The laws, thegrmus, and sp-rit of our con-
stitution, foibid the approach of slavery ; will not sutler its
existence here."
Even the counsel for the claimant of the slave,
Mr. Duhtting, iu contending for the right to hold
slaves in England, felt that he was opposing the
popular will, and rested his case, not on its right
or justice, but solely on what he contended to be
the* law. He says:
For myself, I would not be understood to intimate a
wish in iavor of slavery, by any means; noi, on the other
side, to be the supposed mainftuner of an opinion contrary
to my own judgment. I am bound by my duty to maintain
those atguments which are most useful to Captain Knowles,
the claimant of the slave, as lar as consistent with truth.
And if his conduct has been agreeable to the laws through-
out, L am under a fuither indispcn&abie duty to suppottit."
Such was the public sentiment of England on
that question at that time, that even the counsel
for the claimant of the slave felt called upon to
disclaim any wish in favor of slaveiy, and apol-
ogize for the position he occupied.
The Supreme Court of the United States did
not remember, or, rather, remembered to forget,
the decision in this case, the opinions therein
expressed by court and counsel, and the authori-
ties referred to and cited, all bearing directly on
the question which it was then considering, both
historically and judicially. But, strange as this
may seem, it sinks into insignificance when we
remember that it is a matter both of law and his-
tory, that m five of the thirteen original States,
viz: New Hampshire, Massachusetts, New York,
New Jersey, and North Carolina, negroes, de-
scendants of African slaves, were, at the time of
the ratification of the Articles of Confederation,
and at the time of the adoption of the Constitu-
tion of the United States, citizens—yea, more, if
they possessed the other necessary qualifications,
were voters, on the same terms as other citizens;
and many of them might, and probably did, vote
for this very Constitution under which, accord-
ing to the construction of the Supreme Court,
given in those parts of the opinion I have read,
they were entitled to u no rights which the white
man was bound to respect." And tins conclu-
sion was reached, not by the construction of any
of the provisions of the Constitution, but by such
monstrous perversions of history jmd law as are
found in the extract to which you have just lis-
tened. And yet we are told here, day after day,
and month after month, that this opinion, which
would forever deprive of all the rights and privi-
leges of American citizens a whole race of men
whose ancestors lived in the country at the very
time of, and before the Revolution, participated
in the battles which secured our independence,
voted for the adoption of the institutions under
which we live, is a decision of the Supreme Court
of the United States, and that no good citizen will
question its correctness, or fail to adopt its doc-
trine as the rule for his guidance in deciding all
questions affecting the rights of the black race.
That a negro cannot be a citizen, within the mean-
ing of the Constitution of the United States; that
he has no rights which a white man is bound to
respect; that he may, justly and lawfully, be re-
duced to slavery, for the white man's benefit,
have come to be political and judicial truths, in
the contemplation of which the modern Democrat
finds his richest consolation.
Mr. Chairman, when I read this opinion—it
purports to be the opinion of the couri—it seems
to me that, by some strange mistake, the argu-
ment of some astute attorney, especially distin-
guished for his ability to ignore and reject all law
and fact which make against him, has been sub-
stituted for the opinion of the court, and is being
used to impose upon the people. It has all the
characteristics of the argument of the lawyer,
made without Jaw or fact, and against law and
fact; not one characteristic of the opinion of the
impartial judge.
1 regard that opinion, sir, as one of the most
direct and positive falsifications of the well-known
facts of history to be found in the English lan-
guage, and the greatest libel tipon the men who
framed the institutions under which we live,ever
published to the world. Had such opinions or
intentions been imputed to those men whilst liv-
ing, they would have repudiated them with scorn
and contempt.
But these assertions of the Supreme Court, as
to the opinions and intentions of the signers of the
Declaration of Independence and framers of the
Constitution of the United States, can never touch
or tarnish their reputation, or deceive their de-
scendants. They have, almost without excep-
tion, placed themselves on record as hostile to
American slavery. Patrick Henry expressed the
opinion and wish of the men of that time, when,
eighty years ago, he said:
"1 believe a time will come when an opportunity will
be ofTeied to abolish this lamentable evil. Eveivtlung we
can do is to impiove it, if it happens in our day ; if not, let
us tiaiwnit to our descendant*, together with our slaves, a
pity for their unhappy lot, and our abhorrence of slavery."
I might quote, from the writings of almost
every distinguished man of that time, language
equally strong in condemnation of slavery, and
earnest in the wish for its abolition; but it is so
familiar, that every man recalls it almost without
an effort of the memory. These men had dono
and suffered for their country, and the cause of
human liberty, the noblest things the world's his-
tory has yet recorded. Slavery was at that time
an existing fact m most of the States, for which
these men were not directly responsible. They
laid the foundations of the Federal Government
on the fundamental principles of man's right to
freedom and ability for self-government. Instead
of making, or intending to make, a Government
wlui h should provide for the existence of and be
responsible for slavery, they recognized its exist-
ence only as necessity compelled, and would not
permit the term slave or slavery to have a place
in the Constitution, hoping and believing that the
great principle of man's right to freedom, on
which all the institutions they were then making
rested, would elfectually and forever abolish it
