1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
xtag
Rat:, Miles, Millson, Laban T. Moore, Sydenham Moore,
Edward Joy Morris, Isaac N.Morris, Niblack, Noel], Pen-
dleton, Phelps, Pryor, Pugh, Ouarles, Reagan, Riggs, James
C. Robinson, Ruflin, Rim, Scott, Sickles, Simms, Single-
ton, William jy. H. Smith, Stallworth, Thomas, Vanre,
Wilson, Wiuslow, and Woodson—77.
So the communication was referred to the Com-
mittee of Accounts.
During the vote,
Mr. EDGERTON stated that he had paired
with Mr. Cox.
Mr. NIBLACK announced thatMr. Stewart,
of Maryland, had paired with Mr. Stewart, of
Pennsylvania, for two weeks from Friday last,
unless in special eases, to be decided by their
friends.
Mr. STRATTON announced tliat his colleague,
Mr. Nixon, had paired for the day with Mr.
Whiteley.
The vote was announced, as above recorded.
Mr. TAPPAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the communication was referred; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
KECESS Or CONGRESS.
Mr. WINSLOW. I offer the following reso-
lution.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The resolution will bo read
for information.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Rp^olved, That when this House adjourns on Friday nsxt,
it adjourn to meet on Tuesday, the 1st day of May next.
Ordered, That a message be sent to the Senate request-
ing their concurrence thereto.
Mr. BUFFINTON and others objected.
Mr. WINSLOW. I apprehend that it is a
question of privilege, and that a single objection
cannot defeat it.
The SPEAKER. It appears to the Chair that
it involves n question that shoullPbe settled, and
he will hold it to be a privileged question.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I desire to offer
an amendment to that resolution.
Mr. PHELPS. I think I understand the amend-
ment the gentleman from Illinois is going to pro-
pose. It is to extend the time, so as to include
the Chicago convention. I hope he will not offer
that amendment now. Lot us settle the question
for one convention at a time.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I move to amend
by striking out the 1st of May and inserting " the
21st of May next." I am satisfied that nothing will
be done in themean time, and wemight as well ad-
journ until that day. If we are to adjourn to enable
members to attend one of these conventions, we
might as well ad journ to accommodate those who
propose to attend any of the three. It is evident
that no business will be done in the mean time,
and I think we may as well adjourn over.
Mr. KE1TT. Do I understand that the reso-
lution is before the House?
The SPEAKER. The resolution lias been re-
ceived.
Mr. KETTT. Well, sir, I move to amend the
resolution by substituting a resolution that the
Speaker of the House and President of the Senate
adjourn their respective Housessine die on Tues-
day, the 5th of June next.
Mr. WINSLOW. That can be offered as an
independent proposition. I hope it will not be
insisted on now.
Mr. PHELPS. I submit that it is not in order
as an amendment to the resolution of the gentle-
man from North Carolina.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that it is
not in order.
Mr. CURRY, I wouldpropose,asasubstitute,
that Congress adjourn sine die on the 15th of June
next.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that is
not in order, the object being entirely different
from that of the resolution of the gentleman from
North Carolina.
Mr. HUTCHINS. 1 move to lay the whole
subject on the table.
Mr. POTTLE and others called for the yeas
and nays upon the motion.
Mr. BRANCH. I submit the question of order
that the resolution of the gentleman from North
Carolina has been entertained as a question of
privilege, on the ground, as I understand, that it
is a motion to adjourn. A motion to adjourn is
not suscepti ble of being laid on the table. I think,
therefore, the motion of the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. X-IrTciiiNs] is not in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes the mo-
tion to lay on the table is in order.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. KEITT. I understand the question now
to be, whether Congress is to recognize these po-
litical conventions.
The SPEAKER. The proposition is to lay the
whole subject on the table.
The question was taken on the motion submit-
ted by Mr. Hutchins; and it was decided in the
affirmative—yeas 115, nays 72; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles P. Adams, Green Adams,, Al-
drieh, Allen, Alley, William C. Anderson, Ashley, Barr,
Beale, Bingham, Blair, Bocock, Bouligny, itoyce, lirabson,
Brayton, Bnggs, Bristosv, Butfinton, Burlmgame, Bumbam,
Campbell, Cobb, Collax, Oonkhng, Covode, Crawford,
Curry, Curtis, H. Winter Davis, Dawes, De Jarnette, De-
lano, Duel!, I)unn, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Etheridge, Foster,
Prank, Gartrell, Gooo'n, Guilcy, Hardeman, J. Morrison
Harris, John T. Ilairis, Hatton, Hclmick, Hoard, Holman,
Hou&ton, Howard, Humphrey, Hutchins, Irvine, Junkin,
lveitt, Francis W. Kellogg, Kenyon, Kilgore, Kunkel, De-
Witt C. Leach, Leake, Lee, Loomis, Love, Lovejoy, Mal-
iory, Marston, Charles D. Martin, McKean, McKnigbt,
McPherson, Miles, Millson, Millward, Laban T. Moore,
£?ydcnhdm Moore, Morrill, Edvvaid Joy, Morris, Isaac N.
Morris, Morse, Ghn, Palmer, Pendleton, Perry, Pettit,Por-
ter, Pottle, Pryor, Q.uarles, Rice, Christopher Robinson,
Royce, Schwartz, Scranton, Sedgwick, Sherman, Single-
ton, Somes, Bpauldxxig, Spinner, Stevens, Stokes, Tappan,
Tompkins, Trimble, Vance, Vandever, Verree, Walton,
Israel Washburn, Wells, and Windom—115.
NAYS—Mcssis. Adiam, Thomas L.Anderson, Ashmore,
Babbitt, Burksdale, Blake, Bonham Branch, Burnett,
Carey, Caiter, Case, John B. Clark, John Cochrane,
Cooper, Corwm, James Craig, Burton Craige, Davidson,
Edmundson, Famswortb, Fenton, Florence, French, Gil-
mer, Hale, Hamilton, Hickman. Hill, Hughes, Jackson,
Jenkins, Jones, William Kellogg, Larrabee, James M.
Leach. Maclay, Maynard,McC)emand? McQueen,McRae,
Montgomery, Moorhead, Nelson, Niblack, Noell, Phelps,
Potter, Pu«b, Reagan, IUggs, Ruffin, Rust, Scott, Sickles,
Simm*, William N. H. Smith, Stalhvorth, Stanton, Stout,
Stratton, Ta> lor, Thayer, Theater, Thoma?,Vallandigham,
Waldron, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Webster, Wilson,
Window,and Woodson—'2.
So the whole subject was laid on the table.
During the vote,
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, said: Understand-
ing that objection is made to my amendment, I
propose to withdraw it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's amend-
ment may be withdrawn if no objection be made.
Several Members objected.
Mr. TOMPKINS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution and amendment were laid
on the table; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by Mr.
Hickey, their Chief Clerk, notifying the House
that the Senate had passed a bill and joint resolu-
tion of the following titles, in which he was
directed to ask the concurrence of the House :
An act (No. 118) for the relief of David My-
erle; and
A resolution (No. 28) for the relief of A. M.
Fridley, late agent for the Winnebago Indians.
Also, that the Senate had ordered to be printed
the report of the Secretary of War, communicat-
ing, in compliance with the resolution of the Sen-
ate, the report of Captain H. D. Walker of his
expedition, in 1859, from Dalles City to Great
Salt Lake and back.
THE COOLIE TRADE.
Mr. ELIOT. I ask the consent to report, from
the Committee on Commerce, a bill to prohibit
the coolie trade by American citizens by Amer-
ican vessels.
Mr. BURNETT. I will say to the gentleman
from Massachusetts, that I will not object to the
introduction of his bill, providedhe is willing that
it shall bo printed and referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union. But if
it is his purpose to recommit the bill to his com-
mittee, they may bring it forward at any time;
and if that be his purpose, I shall certainly object
to his reporting the bill.
Mr. ELIOT. I will state that it is my purpose,
if the bill shall be reported, to ask that it maybe
recommitted to the Committee on Commerce, and
be ordered to be printed. If the gentleman objects,
I move to suspend the rules.
Mr. BURNETT. I object to the introduction
of the bill, and I will remark that I do not tliink
it is in order to move to suspend the rales at this
time.
• The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
gentleman from Kentucky that the morning hour
has expired, and the motion of the gentleman is, "
in the opinion of the Chair, within the rules.
Mr. ELIOT. I aslc for a vote, then, on the
motion that the rules be suspended.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to ask whether re-
ports of committees have been called for during
the morning hour? If the Chair has not called
for such reports, under the rule, as 1 understand
it, the morning hour has not commenced.
The SPEAKER. The rule adopted during the
present session expressly says that it will not be
in order to move to suspend the rules within one
hour after the reading of the Journal. The Chair
was under the impression that it was as stated by
the gentleman from Missouri, until he examined
it expressly in reference to this point.
Mr. ELIOT. I desire to state again, that the
House may understand it, that my only purpose
in desiring to introduce the bill at this time is to
have it printed with the report and recommitted
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. BURNETT. Will the gentleman permit
the bill to be discussed, when it comes back to
the House.
Mr. ELIOT. Most assuredly. I do not pro-
pose to call the previous question on its introduc-
tion.
Mr. BURNETT. Then I will withdraw my
objection, if the bill is not to be put on its pas-
sage under the previous question.
There being no further objection, the bill waa
reported, read a first and second time, recommit-
ted to the Committee on Commerce, and, with
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
Mr. ELIOT also submitted a motion that five
thousand extra copies of the bill and report be
printed; which, under the law, was referred to the
Committee on Printing.
Mr. HICKMAN. I must now insist on the
regular order of business.
Mri TOMPKIN S. I hope the gentleman will *
not, just now.
Mr. HICKMAN. If the gentleman has any
matter that will not give rise to debate, I will give
way to him.
DEPREDATIONS ON SHAWNEE INDIANS.
Mr. TOMPKINS. I ask the consent of the
House to introduce the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee of the Whole House on
the Private Calendar be discharged from the further con-
sideration of House bill No. 368.
Mr. HOUSTON. What bill is that?
The title of the bill was read, as follows:
A bill to provide payment for depredations com-
mitted by whites upon the Shawnee Indians in
Kansas Territory.
The bill was read. It appropriates §36,711 for
the purpose of paying claims of certain members
of the Shawnee tribe of Indians, presented to Con-
gress at its present session, for depredations com-
mitted upon their property by citizens or inhab-
itants of the United States; and orders said claims
to be adjusted and paid, under the direction of the
Secretary of the Interior, under the rules and reg-
ulations prescribed in the sixteenth section of the
"Act to regulate trade and intercourse with In-
dian tribes, and to preserve peace on the front-
iers," approved June 30, 1834; provided that it
shall not be incumbent upon the parties claimant,
from the peculiar condition of affairs in the Ter-
ritory of Kansas at the time the spoliations were
committed, to show that the offenders wgpe ap-
prehended and brought to trial.
It appears from the report, which was read, that
the Shawnee reserve lies principally in Johnson
county, extending from the Missouri line nearly
to Lawrence, Kansas Territory, that in 1855 the
seat of government for the Territory was at the
Shawnee manual labor school, in this reserve;
that Governor Shannon, upon calling out a large
body of militia to make arrests at Lawrence,
marched them to the vicinity of that place and
encamped them upon this reserve; that to fur-
nish themselves with horses, corn, oats, beef, and
other supplies, they took any of this kind of prop-
erty they desired, for which nothing whatever
was paid. Again, m 1856, we find this reserve the
theater of similar operations and troubles, and m
