1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
that he is proposing an innovation on the practice
and proceedings of the House in cases of con-
tested elections. In the many contested-election
cases that have arisen during my service of fifteen
years in this House, I recollect no proposition of
this kind ever being made; nor do I recollect ever,
when the privilege of addressing the House has
been conceded to a person who had no right on
this floor, that person or his friends have come
before the Hou.se and asked leave to divide his
argument, making one part at jone time and an-
other part at another time. I think it is a bad
practice to set.
In this case, for the'purpose of avoiding the
lengthy discussion that would arise, it was agreed
unanimously by this House to extend to the con-
testant two hours to present his ease, and to the
sitting member two hours to reply.
Mr. BLAIR, (contestant.) I desire to say that
that was not the understanding, and there was no
proposition of that kind made on the floor, ac-
cording to my recollection.
Mr. PHELPS. I do not object to being inter-
rupted or set right by a person who is not a
member of the House, and who has no right to
speak except by order of the House.
Mr. BLAIR, (contestant.) I suppose that is
a right which every member has here.
Mr. MAYNARt). I ask the gentleman from
Missouri, as the oldest member of the House, to
state what has been the usage heretofore?
Mr. PHELPS. I do not recollect a case in
which the contestant has been allowed to open
and close the argument. According to my recol-
lection, he has uniformly opened and presented
his views, and then the sitting member has re-
plied. That has been the practice. The conces-
sion for the contestant to be heard at the bar of
the House k an innovation on the rules of pro-
cedurc;..and when it has been extended to the
contestant, the time was limited to one hour, the
same as members are confined to. According to
my recollection, whenever tins privilege has been
exercised bv the contestant, he has made his ar-
gument,and the sitting member lias replied,if he
desired to do so.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I rise to a point of orrW.
There is no subject before the House, and con-
sequently debate is out of order.
The SPEAKER. The report of the Committee
of Elections is before the House,and thequcstion
has arisen as to the order of debate. The Chair
supposes that a moderate amount of debate may
be all very well.
Mr. PHELPS. I submit the motion that the
contestant have leave to proceed now, and that
the sitting member shall reply.
Mr. DAWES. I submit as an amendment the
proposition which I have already suggested: that
the contestant have the right to open and close,
consuming only two hours in all, and that the
sitting member have the n;ght to two hours be-
tween the opening and closing of the contestant;
and on that I call the previous question.
Mr. BURNETT. I rise to a point of order
on the amendment of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts.
Mr. I-IICKMAN. I understood^the gentle-
man from Massachusetts to have called the pre-
vious question on Jus amendment; and if so, I
presume debate is not in order.
j\ir. DAWES. I call the previous question
upon the resolution and the amendment.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman has not the
floor to make that call.
Mr. DAWES. I had the floor to offer my
amendment, and I called the previous question
upon the resolution and the amendment, as i had
the right to do.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman did not call
the previous question until I had been recognized
by the Chair. But no matter whether the gentle-
man did or not. I have the right to rise to a
question of order, and I now make the point of
order, that the amendment proposed by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts is to change a rule of
this House,and therefore not in order. The rule
of the House prescribes the order of the House,
and it is not competent for the gentleman to sub-
mit a proposition that the contestant, who is to
speak by the courtesy of the House, shall speak
in violation of the regular order.
Mr. SHERMAN. The same rule would ap-
ply both to the proposition of the gentleman from
Missouri, and that of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts.
Mr. PHELPS. I withdraw ray proposition,
and call upon the Speaker to decide the point as
to the order of debate.
Mr. DAWES. I now make my proposition
as an original one; and I call the previous ques-
tion upon it.
Mr. BURNETT. I raise the question of order
that no such proposition is in order; and now I
ask the Chair to decide that question of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts to state his proposi-
tion distinctly.
Mr. PHELPS. I ask that the gentleman shall
reduce his proposition to writing.
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman will allow
me, I desire to make a single remark in reference
to this matter; for I introduced the resolution
under which this contestant appears here. I con-
sulted all the precedents in point which I could
find.
Mr. WINSLOW. I rise to a question of or-
der. The gentleman from Massachusetts has
called the previous question upon his proposition,
and no debate is in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not under-
stand that there is any previous question pend-
ing. The gentleman called the previous question
upon the proposition of the gentleman from Mis-
souri and the amendment, which proposition was
withdrawn.
Mr. BURNETT. I object to the gentlemen
proceeding to make any remarks upon his prop-
osition until the Chair has decided whether that
proposition is in order.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE, t ask the Chair
whether thero is any proposition before the House?
The SPEAKER. The geiitleman from Mas-
sachusetts has submitted a proposition which he
is reducing to writ ma.
Mr. HARHJS. <if Virginia. I understand that
such a resolution «.s propos- d now was adopted
by the lioiiKoiti ih. i
Campbell, if
desiru to hear it
A Mfaibhr. TJKT1
passed in that case.
Mr. BRANCH, ^should U!;« to have the res-
olution by which this contestant appears here,
read.
The resolution was read, as follows:
" Resolved, That Hon. F. V. Blair, jr., Lave leave to oc-
cupy a scat ppon the floor oi thn IJousc, pending tlu« dis-
cussion of the repoit ot the Committee ci Elections on the
ca^e of his content for the scat now occupied by lion. J.
Kichaul Bariet, from the conerc-sional dntnctof th«
State of Missouri, and tha* he have leave to speak to the
merits of said contest, and the report thoicon.'"
Mr. BURNETT. I now ask that the propo-
sition of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
which, I believe, has been reduced to writing,be
read.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That in the ca^e of the contested seat from
the lust congressional district of Missouri, the contestant
shall have the rj ht to beam and conclude, not occupying
over two horns hi the whole; and that the Miting member
may ppeak between the opening and conclusion, not occu-
pying over lwo hours."
' Mr. BURNETT. Now, Mr. Speaker, the
question which I raise is, that under the rules of
this House a member is allowed to occupy one
hour in debate. The gentleman from Massachu-
setts proposes that a gentleman shall be allowed
to open and close in this case. The history of
this matter is this: by unanimous consent a res-
olution was introduced, which conferred upon
the contestant and upon the contestee the right
to speak two hours each. That was a violation
of the rule; but by the unanimous consentof the
whole House we hid the right to adopt such a
resolution, which was done. The resolution could
not have been adopted if any one member had ob-
jected to it. Now the proposition ismadetoconfer
upon a gentleman the right to open and close the
debate. He may, if he chooses, occupy a quar-
ter of an hour in opening, and an hour and three
quarters ill closing. This is a clear violation of
the rules. The resolution can only bo adopted
by unanimous consent, and I object to it.
Mr. STANTON. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman from Kentucky one question. Will he
object to having precisely the same rule apply
now which was adopted in the Vallandigham and
Campbell case ?
- of Vallandigham and
any such resolution, I
rr-s no such resolution
Mr. BURNETT. I will not object , to that,
certainly. " • ' •
Mr. STANTON. Very well; that is precisely
what we ask. " •
Mr. VALLAND1GHAM. No such rule was
carried out in my case. I opened the case as con-!
testant; but as the sitting member did not reply, -
I did not claim any right to speak the second
tim.e.
Mr. STANTON. We only aak to have the
same rule adopted now which was adopted in
that case.
Mr. BURNETT. There was no attempt to
apply any such rule in the Vallandigham and
Campbell case; and, as far as my knowledge
goes, there is 110 case to be found in the history
of Congress, in which a contestant has opened
and closed the debate. Nor is there a case to be
found in which the contestant closed the debate.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I rise to a
question of order.
Mr. BURNETT. I am already speaking to a
question of order.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvenia. My ques-
tion of order has reference to that question. T
submit that the question of order is not debatable. -
I do not expect th^t we shall keep within the rules
of order, but let us keep as nearly within the rules
as we can.
Mr. GILMER. If the House will permit me,
I will make a proposition which I hope will be
acccptcd as a compromise. Let Mr. Blair have
two hours to open the debate in; then let Mr.
Barret have two hours to reply; and then Mr.
Blair the hour to conclude, to which the gentle-
man from Massachusetts will be entitled, after the
previous question has been seconded, and the
main question ordered?
Mr. BURNETT. I object to that proposition.
I will say to gentlemen on the other side that if ,
tiiey are disposed to act fairly in this matter, I
will, so far as I am concerned, agree that Mr.
Blair shall have one hour and a half to open the
debate, and then half an hour to conclude in.
Mr. HICKMAN. I object to that proposition.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I do not think that
we are a parcel of women, that the last word is
of so great importance. We are discussing the
question as to what is the usual course of par-
liamentary proceeding, and I take'it that it .is a
debatable question.
Mr. HICKMAN. The previous question has
been callcd, and I object to any discussion what-
ever, unless the demand for the previous question
be withdrawn.
MESSAGE FROM TIIB SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by Mr.
Hicket, their Chief Clerk, informing the House
that the Senate had passed bills of the following
titles, in which he was directed to ask the con-
currence of the House:
An act (No. 444) to change the time for holding
the courts in the northern district of Florida; and
An act (No. 495) for the relief of David Waldo. '
HISSOUllI CONTESTED ELECTION ■AGAI>i.
Mr. BURNETT. I hope the question of order
which I made will be decided.
The SPEAKER. ThcChairdoesnotdistmctly
understand the point of order, and he asks tha%
it be again stated.
Mr. BURNETT. My point of order is this:
that the resolution offered by the gentleman from
Massachusetts is a violation of the rules of the
House, unless it is agreed to by unanimous con-
sent. When it was offered, I objected to it. I
objected to itwhen it was read at the Clerk's desk.
I present to the Chair the point of order that we
cannot now change the rules of this House, and
confcr upon the contestant the privilege asked for,
unless by unanimous consent.
Mr. SHERMAN. I rise to make an inquiry.
I understood that yesterday, by unanimous con-
sent, the contestant and the sitting member were
each allowed two hours to speak in this case.
Now, have not this House the right to say how
the thing shall be done ? It seems to me to be as
clear a proposition as can be. The ordinary way
is that of the courts, where the plaintiff opens and
closes the case. Whoever opens and closes will
not, I think, make a bit of difference.
Mr. BURN ETT. When the gentleman speaks
about the ordinary rules of courts of justice, I
