716
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
purpose. It passed the Senate, and failed of ac-
tion in the House of Representatives, and in the
mean time the work was required—I think re-
quired for the reasons which I stated on a former
occasion. Therefore, I sought in this manner to
get it printed.
Mr. COLLAMER. I am far from assigning
the least improper motive to the gentleman in the
•world.
Mr. DAVIS. I did not understand you so.
Mr. COLLAMER. Nor to any of the gentle-
men who endeavor to procure tlic adoption of these
very various measures. Rut there is a sort of con-
sistency and propriety in dealing with ourselves
and our people, which"|;entlemen, I think, ought
to preserve. The idea of printing for this, that,
or the other Department, and paying for it out of
our contingent fund, I am opposed to. 1 am not
entering on the propriety of printing works for
those uses; that is not what I am at; but I object
to doing it in this oblique and disguised manner.
1 object utterly to undertaking to make the con-
tingent fund of the Senate a sort of pack-horse
for all sorts of service. Let us keep it for the
purpose which the community at large, I believe
very properjy, suppose it belongs to; that is, for
our own uses; for our own convenience in the
discharge of our own service in performing our
duty, and that only.
When you take away from the resolution that
feature of it which was reported by the commit-
tee, and for which I voted, though it has been
rejected, to furnish to Senators a quantity of these
books for the purpose of distributing to their con-
stituents such as they believe would be of service
to them; when that is obliterated from the propo-
sition, it ceases to be anything which, in my mind,
is entitled to come out of the contingent fund of
this House.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I am unable
to see the force of the distinction which the hon-
orable Senator from Vermont supposes to be very
clear. The object of the publication of extra
copies is not for the use of the Senate. It is nom-
inally so; it is so stated; that is, resolutions gen-
srally order the ordinary number of copies for the
use of the Senate, and so many extra copies. The
object is distribution among the people. Now, in
my judgment, the objection is not to the fact of
whether the Department is to make the distribu-
tion, or the Senators are to make the distribution.
The evil does not lie there, but it lies in the ex-
ercise of legislative power for the distribution of
information among the community by one branch
of Congress alone; and the evil must be remedied
by a law which shall prohibit either branch from—
out of their own contingent fund or in any other
mode—ordering the puMicationof books or docu-
ments for distribution, unless by law. That is
where I think the evil lies. When you have dis-
cussed in both Houses, and passed upon it in
both Houses as a legislative act, the propriety of
using the funds of the Government for the pur-
pose of distubuting any particular work for in-
formation among the people, it would be right to
make the objection; but as it is now, it has grown
into a usage, (within how many years I cannot
say,) that each House, in exercising the power
which originally was given them to print for their
own information and their own individual use as
members of the body, has prostituted it so that
each House assumes the legislative power of print-
ing for distribution to the people at large.
It seems to me there is no difference, as regards
the character of the evil, whether you direct the
extra numbers to be distributed by a Department
or distributed by members of the Senate. It is
equally beyond what ougnt to be the power of
either House, in my view. Therefore, while the
law arising out of usage remains, and both Houses
exercise the power of ordering extra copies to be
printed for purposes of distribution, I see 110 reason
why we may not order it as well to be done by
the Departments as by ourselves. The advantage
of the resolution in its present shape is, that if'it
does not destroy (which you cannot without legis-
lation) an existing abuse, it cuts it down to its
minimum. We used to print, I think, twenty-
five or thirty thousand copies of this work. If
wc cut it down now to two thousand, or even five
thousand, we are, at least, lessening the tendency
to corruption; and I hope we shall go further, and
secure legislative action in order to print any book
or document whatever beyond those numbers
which are necessary for the transaction of busi-
ness and our own information as members of the
body.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to inquire whether
that part of the resolution reported by the com-
mittee for the printing of eight thousand copies
for the use of the Senate has been stricken out?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
offered by the Senator from Mississippi strikes
that out, and proposes to insert two thousand for
the Patent Office. The present question is 011 the
amendment offered by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts to that amendment.
Mr. COLLAMER. If I understand it, the
question now pending is on striking out that part
of the resolution reported by the committee which
furnishes copies for distribution by Senators.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Th'e Secretary will
read the amendment to the amendment, which is
the question now pending.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to know in relation
to the first part of the resolution 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
read the amendment of the Senator from Missis-
sippi.
The Secretary read the amendment, which is,
from the word " that," in line four, to the word
" thousand," in line seven, to strike out: " that
ten thousand additional copies thereof be printed,
eight thousand of which for the use of the Sen-
ate, and two thousand;" and insert: " that two
thousand additional copies."
Mr. COLLAMER. Now I understand it. 1
desire to be understood, thatif that part is stricken
ou"t, then I shall vote against the resolution alto-
gether, for the reasons I have already given; but
if that is retained, it may be a proper subject-mat-
ter, according to previous example, to pay for it
out of the contingent fund.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have no disposition in the
world to protract this debate a single moment. I
am willing to vote on the main proposition now,
as I have been all the morning; but still, from the
manner in which it has been presented to the Sen-
ate, I feel it due to myself to state very briefly the
reasons which will control my vote, and which, I
think, will make it a consistent vote. I propose
to make the statement also for the purpose of cor-
recting an error into which the Senator from Mis-
sissippi lias fallen.
It will be recollected that, within the past few
days, we have rejected the proposition to print
two works reported by the Committee on Print-
ing. I based my objection in the one case, and,
if I spoke in both cases, to both those reports,
upon the ground that they were not matters ne-
cessarily connected with us in our legislative ca-
pacity; or, in other words, that they were reports
sent here, by the Department from which they
came, to be printed by us; sent only for the pur- j
pose of getting us to print them; and I very briefly 1
took thesame objection that, my friend from Ver- |
mont has this morning elaborated. That is my
objection to this whole thingnow. We have talked
about stopping the printing and distributing of
books at the public expense. I think I have given
a consistent vote to that end. I mean to give it.
I voted against printing this book to-day. Put it
in any shape and in all shapes, and I shall so
vote.
While I state that, I want also to state that I
will not vote to strike out the last clause of the
resolution; because, in my view, any number, if
it is but a single copy, that the Senate may order
to be printed for distribution, violates principle.
I regard the mode as unimportant; and if you
publish a thousand copies for distribution, I hold
that we may as well, and as appropriately, distrib-
ute a portion of these, as to"allowany Department
of the Government to distribute them all. More:
I will take this precise case, and I will suppose
that your Patent department will distribute them
to inventors who are the patentees; a part of them
are foreigners; a part of them are the assignees;
and letters patent are granted to patentees, and
the distribution that that Department might make
(and I am not disposed to say it would not be the
best distribution that they could makeasawhole)
would not be the ver^ best that could be made.
There are other men in our community, who do
not claim to be patentees or inventors, who have
inventive minds, who are scientific men, who are
learned men, and who promote invention quite as-
much as those who get letters patent. I think that
the Senators may appropriately dispose of a por-
tion of this work, if it be printed at all, wisely,
and more wisely than the Department could do,
if it did it all. The reason why I vote.d against
printing' the whole thing', was because it was not
appropriately here. Now, I shall go against
striking out this portion of the resolutioa. If there
are to Be extra copies printed, I insist that we in
the Senate should appropriately distribute a por-
tion of them, believing that we should make a
wiser and better distribution.
If I understand the Senator from Mississippi,
he stated this morning that we had taken from tl e
Departments the power to print, and that it di 1
not lie very consistently in our mouths to turn
round and say to (hem, we will not now printfor
you. If he is correct in his view of the law, he
is certainly right in the conclusion he draws; and
I cannot do otherwise than agree with him. But
I insist that the Senator is mistaken in his view
ofthe law. I think so. I have had no experience
in administering the law, as that Senator has had;
but I take the text of it as I read it, and I say, by
the text of the law, a Department can print any-
thing as well to-day as it ever could. I am not
going to say that they have the funds with which .
to pay for it. I am not going to say that they >
have made estimates, and sent them here for our '
approval, with which to do their printing. Thev
have, I suppose, done no such thing; but,by the
law, they retain the same power to print which
they had before, only the printing which they do
must be done by the Public Printer, and at the
rates established by law. That is the only change
made by the printing law in that respect, as I un-
derstand. Now, take this work as an illustration.
There is no appropriation to pay for it: granted;
yet it is not a work so pressing that it might noi
be printed, and in the ordinary appropriation bill
a sum be included that should authorize and era-
power*the Department to pay for it. Now let me
read the law, and see what it is:
" That there shall be a Superintendent of the Public Print
ing, who shall hold Ills office for the term of two year';, who
shall receive for his services a salary of $-2,500 per annum :
and who shall give bund, wall two sureties, to he approved
hy the Secretary ofthe Interior, m the penalty of ,$20,000, foi
the faithful discharge of his duties under this law. The said
superintendent shall be a practical printer, versed in the
various branches of the ait of printing and book-ltinding :
and he shall not he interested, directly or indirectly, m any
j contract for printing for Congress, or for any Department or
j bureau of the Government of tile United States."
Section three provides:
" That it shall be tlie duty of said Superintendent to re-
ceive from the Secretary of the Senate and Clerk of the
House of Representatives all matter ordered by Congress
to be printed; and from the several chiefs of Depattments
and Heads of bureaus all matter ordered by them, respect-
ively, to be printed at the public expense."
Again, I say that I do not undersfand that the
power to have their own printing done has been
taken from the Departments; only, theoldmethod
of making the appropriations to enable them to
pay for the work when it is done has not been
followed; but the power to order their printing 1
understand to be still precisely whatitwas before.
Then, if I am right in the construction which I give
to the law—and it seems to me to be very plain,
for it speaks all through the law of the congres-
sional printing and the printing ordered by the
Departments and bureaus—the objection taken
by the Senator from Mississippi certainly is not
well founded. It would only apply to this extent:
that if we do not order the printing ourselves, and
leave the Departments to do their own printing,
as I say they ought to do, it will delay the pay-
ment. I will vote for any appropriation they may
recommend that shall be just and reasonable, at
all times, to enable them to have their printing
done. r &
For these reasons I shall vote against printing
this report at all, as improperly here; but if it is
to be printed I shall vote tosfceep it in that shape
which will give to the Senate a portion of the
books to distribute; because I believe, as a mere
question of distribution, they will do a part of it
quite as appropriately as the bureau would the
whole of it.
Mr. DAVIS. I am a little surprised at the con-
clusion which the Senator from Maine reaches
from his own premises. He reads here, and
evidently exhibits that he comprehends that, by
the^aw, the two Houses of Congress reserve to
themselves the entire charge of all the printing. .
They select the Printer; they name the man who "*
