2-9*4
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 3,
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
The Supreme Court and Bred Scott—-Mr. Gooch.
Ho. of Reps.
Territory in regard to the existence of slavery
were. The supreme court of Missouri says:
" Laws operate only within the territory of the State for
which they were made; and, by enforcing them here, we,
contrary to ail principle, give them dii extra-territorial ef-
fect."
And, therefore, that court decided that it would
not regard them at all in the decision of the case
of Dred Scott. Now, if the laws of Illinois and
the Territory were not considered at all in the de-
cision of this case by the supreme court of Mis-
souri, and in the opinion of the Supreme Court
of .the United States, the status of Scott as free or
slave depended wholly upon the laws of Mis-
souri, as interpreted by tier highest court, on
what principle and for what reason did it become
necessary for the Supreme Court of the United
States to inquire or decide as to the constitution-
ality of the Missouri compromise? If they had
found that act to be constitutional, would they
have found Dred Scott to be a free man ? "Would
it have made the slightest difference in their de-
cision of the case ? Does not the Supreme Court
of the United States substantially say this is a
question which the laws,of Missouri, interpreted
by her courts, must settle; and as her courts de-
cide the question, so it must be, no matter whether
that court has given t0 this and similar questions
the same decisions which this court would have
given,had the question been before it for decision
as an original question, without its being bound
by any adjudication of Missouri? Does not that
court rest its decision on the ground that it was
enough for it to know that by the laws of Mis-
souri, interpreted by her courts, Dred Scott was
a slave, no matter into what countries or under
the jurisdiction of what Governments he had been
taken by his master; no matter what acts his mas-
ter had done to him, or permitted him to do, in-
consistent with his right to hold lum as a slave;
no matter that his master had consented to his
contracting marriage—a relation that none but a
free man can assume—the laws of Missouri, in-
terpreted by her courts, make him a slave, and
that court had no right or power to decide other-
wise. Whatever may be said as to the correct-
ness of these positions, no man will question or
deny that they are the positions taken in the
opinion of the Supreme Court of the United States,
And now I ask again, on what principle and for
what reason did it become necessary for thcSu-
pieme Court of the United States to decide as to
the constitutionality of the Missouri compro-
mise?
Again: it will be remembered, that whilst the
supreme court of Missouri denied that the laws
of Illinois or the Territory prohibiting slavery
had any force or effect in Missouri, still it did
not deny or question the constitutionality of the
Missouri compromise. That court admitted the
constitutionality of the Missouri compromise,
and found Dred Scott to be a slave under the law.s
ofMissouii. Six of the judges of the Supreme
Court of the United States expressed the opinion
that that act was unconstitutional, and found Dred
Scott to be a slave under the laws of Missouri;
and say that they did so because they could not
go behind or question the interpretation which
the supreme court of Missouri had given to her
laws, in this and similar cases; because it was a
question the decision of which belonged to the
courts of Missouri, and not to the courts of the
United States. And here we sec that the Mis-
souri compromise was, in the opinion of the su-
preme courtof Missouri, constitutional,and Dred
Scott a slave. It was, in the opinion of six of the
judges of the Supreme Court of the United States,
unconstitutional, and Dred Scott a slave. It could
be decided either way without affecting in the
slightest degree the rights in question between
Dred Scott and Sandford,and therefore could not
be decided at all m the adjudication of that case.
The case did not call for the expression of any
opinion on that question, and therefore any opin-
ion expressed cannot be relied upon as binding
authority, and could not, even if all the judges
had concurred in the opinion. And if the judges
who gave expression to this opinion intended that
it should be a decision of the question, then they
stand convicted of attempting to do that which,
by their own rule, laid down in Carroll vs. Car-
roll, binding on themselves and all inferior tribu-
nals, they had no right or power to do.
And now that we have seen that this case did
not call for the expression of any opinion as to
the constitutionality of the Missouri compromise,
and that the court had no right or power to make
any decision in relation to it, the question at once
presents itself, why did the Supreme Court of the
United States—or, rather, six of its judges—give
opinions on the constitutionality of the Missouri
compi*>mise, in the decision of this case ? I might
find an answer to this question outside of the re-
corded opinions of the judges, satisfactory to my-
self, and a large portion of the people of the coun-
try; but as I find in their recorded opinions an
answer, I will ask the attention of the committee,
and the people of the country, to the reason there
assigned. Mr. Justice Wayne says:
"The case involves private rights of value, and constitu-
tional principles of the highest importance, about which
there had become such a difference of opinion, that the
peace and harmony of the country required the settlement
of them by judicial decision."
We have already seen that the private rights
could be settled without any decision of this ques-
tion. It was the peace and harmony of the coun-
try, the great political question which the repeal
of the Missouri compromise had raised, on the
one side and the other of which question the peo-
ple of the whole country had arrayed themselves,
and proposed to settle by the decision of that final
arbiter of all political questions m tins country,
the ballot-box, that six of these judges felt called
upon to decide, in the adjudication of this case.
By some strange delusion, they seemed to con-
sider themselves authorized to dictate to the peo-
ple what political questions they might discuss
and decide, and to take from them such other ques-
tions as would, in their judgment, distuib the
peace and harmony of the country. They seemed
to foresee and feel the force and power of the dif-
ferent contending political opinions m the land,
and also the inability and weakness of the incom-
ing Administration, and felt called upon to place
in the hands of the man who was to administer
the Government for the coming four years a prop
on which to rest his feeble and tottering policy of
slavery extension. He has relied upon it with a
blind 'devotion, and, during his whole term of
oflice, fce.ireely sent to Congtess a message, with-
out communicating to us that the Supreme Court
had decreed all the Territories to be forever open
to slavery—evidently, to him, a pleasing fact.
Whether this opinion of the six judges of the Su-
preme Courthasstrengthened his Administration,
or afforded essential aid to the extension of sla-
very, the sequel will demonstrate.
Mr. Chairman, it will be an unfortunate day
for the reputation of the Supremo Court, as well
as for the country, when that court bhall feel itself
ealled upon or authorized to turn aside fiom its
true and well-defined sphere of action, to give aid
and comfort to the action or doctrine of any po-
litical party; when it shall feel it to be its duty or
privilege to ingraft upon its decisions approval or
condemnation ofpohtical platforms already made,
or furnish, for those not fully completed, such
plank as political conventions have not been able
to agree upon.
It is a significant fact, that nearly or quite one
half of the people of this country, immediately
upon the promulgation of the opinions m the Dred
Scott case, cried out in indignation at the action
of that court, after having bowed in silent obedi-
ence to its decisions for more than seventy years.
Was it because it was, as we were told by a Dem-
ocrat the other day, a lightning-flash shot from
the judicial bench into one of "the great political
parties of the land ? I know that there are at the
present time those who wish to make the Supreme
Court of the United States the repository and dis-
penser of the lightning which is to strike down
not only those who appear as parties in the court,
and bring themselves within its legitimate power,
but the " legions" of the people, in the exercise
of those great rights, powers, and duties, which
they have not received from man, and cannot be
divested of by man.
Mr. Chairman, I am not one of those who be-
lieve that the Supreme Court of the United States
has the power to break down or destroy the
rights and liberties of the people of this country.
It can break down and destroy its own moral
power, influence, and high position, in the esti-
mation of the people; but the rights and liberties
of the people, never. It can decide the rights of
individual litigants before it; but it can never
promulgate from the bench decisions of political
questions in which the people will acquiesce.
The people of this country know their rights;
and when any bjanch of the Government, exec-
utive, legislative, or judicial, shall attemptto en-
croach upon them, it will soon be made to feel
that its power is limited and defined, and can be
exerciscd only within proper limits. Why is it,
sir, that that high tribunal, the Supreme Court,
has held such an exalted place in the estimation
of the people that they start back with horror
from its first act showing a departure from the
line of duty? Simply because that court, by its
wisdom, integrity, and impartiality, for more
than seventy years, had caused the people to
almost believe it infallible. But, sir, whilst con-
fidence is a plant of slow growth, it may be
uprooted m an hour, so that root, stock, branch,
or leaf, shall never be seen more.
Mr. Chairman, the gentleman from Alabama,
[Mr. Curry,] in the specch to which I have be-
fore referred, says:
"The proposition of the Senator from Now York, [Mr.
Srwuio,] to fint the Supreme (Join ton the side of freedom,
i  Icdituliy admonitoiy of the influence of popular excite-
ment on the judiciary."
And other gentlemen have used language which
carried with it the implication that the Republi-
can party wished some change or revision of the
powers or duties of this court. I, sir, know of
no man in the Republican party who wishes any
change or revision of the powers or duties which
the Constitution of the United States has con-
ferred on that tribunal. Men of all parties, and
even the judges themselves, feel that some legis-
lation is necessary to equalize and facilitate the
business of the court. When the Senator from
New York spoke of putting that court on the
side of freedom, he simply recognized a fact which
many seem to forget. Vacancies sometimes oc-
cur on that bench, which must be filled by the
proper constitutional authority. And it is the
theory of our Government, that the will of the
people (some men term it "influence of popular
excitement") is supreme, and that there is no
branch of the Government, executive, legislative,
or judicial, which they cannot in time, either di-
rectly or indirectly, reach and control. It may
require a longer or a shorter time; but we were
told the other day, and truly, that a decade, a
century, was but a span in a nation's history.
The Senator from New York has been guilty
of believing and saying that he was willing to
trust the people, present and to come, to place in
office those who would appoint, as judges of the
Supreme Court, men who would correct any and
all errors of their predecessors on the bench. I
know that at the present day the man who haa
confidence in the wisdom and integrity of the peo-
ple, and their ability for actual self-government,
has come to be regarded 411 some quarters as so
great a fanatic that he must not ask the people
to have any confidence in him.
Sir, eight of the nine judges of that court are
know n, "or fully believed to be, to-day, m full corn-
union with the Democratic party and its leading
politicians. I have no doubt that if a Republican
President were called upon to nominate a man for
that bench, he would select from the men of the
country one who is not committed to the Demo-
cratic party. But, sir, I hope that the day will
never come when the Republican party, or any
other party, shall again have eight of the nine
judges of that court.
Mr. Chairman, the question of slavery in the
Territories of the United Statf a 1.5 not an adjudi-
cated one, and is not so regarded by the people
of the country. The Republican party do not so
regard it. The Democratic party do not so regard
it. The resolutions which were presented by the
majority and minority of the committee on reso-
lutions in the convention at Charleston, only three
or four days ago, show the differences of opinion
on this question in the Democratic party. Whilst
seventeen of the committee were ready to resolve
