f I860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
from Georgia, that the experience of yesterday-
teaches mo to make no such arrangement as that.
I propose to press this question upon the House
all the time.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Well, I withdraw my
objection unconditionally.
The SPEAKER. The objection is withdrawn,
and the arrangement is agreed to. The gentle-
man from Missouri will proceed. The Chair
would desire, however, to say, before the gentle-
man from Missouri proceeds, that he did not
decide the question agitated here, thinking it
not within his province to do so. I should have
decided it promptly, had I thought it within my
province. I thought it would have been an as-
sumption upon the part of the Chair, and therefore
I allowed this discussion.
[Mr. Blair (contestant) addressed the House
for one hour; after which Mr. Barret proceeded
and spoke for two hours. When he had con-
cluded, Mr. Blair resumed the floor and contin-
ued his remarks until his time expired. The
report of these speeches will be published in the
Appendix.]
Mr. DAWES. I now ask the previous ques-
tion on the resolution of the Committee of Elec-
tions.
Mr. PHELPS. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
'Mr. SHERMAN. Oh, no; let us close the de-
bate to-night.
Mr. PHELPS. I have no objection to the
House resolving itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, if there be a
desire to have discussion to-night; but if the pre-
vious question is to be pressed to-night in this
case, I will insist on the motion to adjourn.
Mr. DAWES. I have no voice myself in this
matter. I leave it entirely to the members of the
House. I have no disposition to shorten or pro-
long this debate. It seems to mc that it would be
fair on all sides to call the previous question this
evening. I will not occupy the hour to which I
am entitled. I would not say a word, exccpt that
it has been specially demanded at my h%nds; and
I will confine myself to what has been required,
and, to some extent, demanded of me.
Mr. PHELPS. It seems to be right that we
should have one speech made on this side of the
House, if the gentleman from Massachusetts pro-
poses to make a speech on concluding.
Mr. DAWES. I wish very much to hear my
friend from Georgia speak on this question. 1
•called the previous question with no desire to cut
him off, but because I thought that there has been
time enough spent over this case.
Mr. PHELPS. 1 now propose to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts to withdraw the call for
the previous question, and I will withdraw the
motion to adjourn. Then the gentleman from
Ohio can submit the motion to go into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and have debate, but not on this subject.
Mr. HICKMAN. The gentleman from Mis-
souri will recollect that the special order on the
President's protest comes up to-morrow, and I
shall feel it my duty to insist on the special order
at that time.
Mr. MAYNARD. This is a subject of much
importance, not only to the persons concerned,
but to the people whom they seek to represent.
I hope debate will not be cut off so long as gen-
tlemen of character assure the House that they
desire to discuss it.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I hope the House will have
an opportunity of voting whether it will second
the previous question; and if not, it will be all
right.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. There are gentle-
men on this side of the House who have exam-
ined the question, and who desire to speak upon it.
Mr. STANTON. If any gentlemen of the
committee on this side of the House desire to
speak 011 this question, I will vote against the
previous question.
Mr. DAWES. I do not desire to press the
previous question at this moment against gentle-
men of the committee who desire to speak, but
I want to press the determination of this case to-
night. I will withdraw the call for the previous
question for the time being, with the notice to
the House that, while I do not desire to cut off
fair debate on this question, I do desire to bring
the debate to a close to-night, because I am in-
formed that there is a special order to-morrow,
and notice is now given to me that I have got to
give way to that order.
Mr. PHELPS. I withdraw the motion to ad-
journ.
Mr. DAWES. I therefore withdraw the pre-
vious question.
Mr. BOYCE. I suggestthat thejpreviousques-
tion be called to-morrow.
Mr. DAWES. I should be very glad to do
that; but here is the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia who has a special order for to-morrow.
Mr. PHELPS. With regard to the special
order set for to-morrow, this question of priv-
ilege will override it. It is one of the highest ques-
tions of privilege that can arise.
Mr. SHERMAN. With the consent of the
gentleman from Missouri, I ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts why he cannot fix one o'clock
to-morrow, after the morning hour, to take the
vote? We have got to the end of tfie matter.
The reports are full and elaborate, and are, per-
haps, more conclusive and better prepared than
the speeches.
Mr. PHELPS. Gentlemen have been here
some seven hours and a half listening to the debate,
and even if I desired to speak, and was now ready
to speak to the question, I really feel physically
unable to do so, having remained in this fetid
atmosphere so long.
Mr. DAWES. The House will bear me wit-
ness that I am not disposed to cutoff debate; but
if I should say that I would not move the previ-
ous question till one o'clock to-morrow, there
would not be a quorum hero in twenty minutes.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I suggest that, instead
of consuming longer time to-day, the House go
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, and have the vote at one o'clock to-
morrow.
Mr. DAWES. Then those gentlemen who
desire to discuss the question can have no oppor-
tunity to do so.
Mr. STEVENSON. We can have two hours
to-morrow.
Mr. DAWES. What objection is there to fin-
ishing this subject to-night,all except taking the
vote? It docs not seem to me that there can be
any reasonable objection to it. But if gentlemen
on the other side are disposed to stand out against
such an arrangement, I shall not press it.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. It seems to me
there can be no difficulty in making this arrange-
ment; and I suggest it for the consideration of
gentlemen on both sides of the House. It does
not seem to me that much more lime need bo
consumed in the discussion. I suggest, there-
fore, that the previous question, by unanimous
consent, be called to-morrow at one o'clock. Let
the gentleman from Kentucky, who is on „ the
Committee of Elections, have an hour to speak
upon the case; and the gentleman from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Marston,] who is also upon
the committee, have an hour in which to reply.
Let the previous question then be called; and the
gentleman from Massachusetts assures me he does
not want more than four or five minutes after the
main question has been ordered. The several
votes may then be taken without further delay.
Mr. HICKMAN. That arrangement will not
be satisfactory to me. I see very clearly that that
course will occupy the greater part of to-morrow
with this contested-election ease in discussion and
the determination of the question. Now, as I have
had great difficulty in having this special order
assigned, which has been fixed for to-morrow
and the next day, I shall insist upon pursuing
that special order to-morrow at the proper time,
which will be at the expiration of the morning
hour; and there is, in my judgment, no question
of higher privilege which can take precedence of
it. I hope the discussion of this question will be
concluded to-night, and the previous question
ordered upon it. It can then be disposed of to-
morrow during the morning hour; and the special
order can be called up at the proper time.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Not much more
time will be consumed by the proposition which
I have suggested.
Mr. HICKMAN. The whole day will be con-
sumed by this case, if the course suggested by
the gentleman is pursued.
Mr. BURNETT. 5 move that the rules be
suspended, and the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the;
Union. I tell gentlemen that we on this side "of
the House are not going to be forced t<5 speak
upon this case to-night. My colleague [Mr.
Stevenson] has sat here all day long and listened
to this debate. He has been here for seven hours;
and I will not consent that he shall be compelled5
now, at this late hour, to proceed with his argu-
ment. If the House do not agree to go into the-
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, I shall move that we adjourn.
Mr. McGtUEEN. I hope tlie House will not,
at this hour of %e day, go into committee, for
the purpose of having scavenger speeches deliv-
ered, slanderous upon the people of the country,
to which no reply can be made, because nobody
hears them.
Mr. BINGHAM. I call the gentleman to
order.
Mr. BURNETT I desire to state that my
object in going into committee is for the purpose
of general debate,
Mr. SHERMAN. I would suggest that it is
in the power of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts to call the previous question upon this con-
tested election at any time. If we go into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
therefore, now, this case will come up as the first
business in order in the morning; and after the
gentleman from Kentucky and the gentleman from
New Hampshire shall havo spoken, the gentle-
man from Massachusetts may then call the pre-
vious question, and have the matter disposed of.
I call for tellers upon the motion to go into com-
mittee.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Boffinton
and PiiELrs were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 80, noes 28.
So the rules were suspended.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Before the House
goes into committee, I desire to ask consent, in-
asmuch as I have been unwell for some time past,
to print a speech. I will state that I believe the
name of no member is mentioned in it, nor does
it contain an unkind word.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no objection.
[Mr. Davis's speech will be published in the
Appendix.]
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I want it
to be distinctly understood that if the House goes
into committee and a quorum is not present, I
shall raise the point. I am never going to permit,
with my consent, this House to be converted into
a debating society, when there is no question be-
fore it, and nobody to listen to the speeches.
Mr. SINGLETON. I call for the yeas and
nays upon going into committee.
The SPEAKER. That question has already
been decided.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. 1 desire to renew
the suggestion which I made a moment ago; and
I will state that the gentleman on the other side
of the House who objected now desires to with-
draw his objection. It is, that the previous ques-
tion shall be called at precisely one o'clock to-
morrow, and that, in the mean time, the gentleman
from Kentucky and the gentleman from New
Hampshire shall each have an opportunity of
addressing the House upon the question. Let
there be one speech on each side, and the vote
then taken.
Mr. BURNETT. I believe the House has
voted to go into committee.
The SPEAKER. That is true. The Chair
was merely hearing suggestions by general con-
sent.
Mr. McClUEEN. Before the House goes into
committee, I submit the motion that it adjourn.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order.
The House has determined to go into committee.
COMMITTEE OF TII13 WHOLE.
The House thereupon resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Dawes in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the bill of the House No. 564, making
appropriations for the service of the Post Office
Department for the year ending June 30, 1861.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to lay aside that
bill informally, and take up the fortification bill,
upon which the gentleman from Vermont [Mr.
Morrill] has the floor. There are several gen-
tlemen who desire to address the committee, I am
