I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Revision of the Tariff—Mr. Nixon.
Ho. op Reps.
the question adjudicated, fifteen of the committee
reported to the convention the following resolu-
tion;
" That inasmuch as differences of opinion exist in the
Democratic paity as to the nature and extent of the powers
of a Territorial LegWaturc, and as to the powers and duties
of Congress, under the Constitution of the United States,
over the institution of slavery within the Territories:
"Resolved, That the Democratic party will abide by the
decision of the Supreme Court ot the United States over
the institution of slavery within the Territories."
There are indeed differences of opinion on this
question in the Democratic party. The southern
portion of the party say that the Supreme Court
has already decided that all the Territories are
forever open to slavery. The northern portion*
knowing that the people of the free States will
never accept such a doctrine from court or con-
vention, seek to evade the direct question by the
resolution which I have just quoted, hoping that
they may again deceivc the people with the cry
of popular sovereignty. The Republican party
intend, in the coming election, to refer this ques-
tion to the American people, believing that they
are the proper arbiters of all political questions,
and denying that the Supreme Court has, or can,
decide the great political questions of the day.
One portion of the Democratic party says to the
people "this question has been placed beyond your
reach or control by the Supreme Court, and noth-
ing is left for you but to bow in silent obcdience
to its decision;" the other portion of the Demo-
o atic party—the popular sovereignty part, whose
party cry m the free States has been, " the people
of the Territories shall regulate their domestic in-
stitutions in their own way"—propose to submit
this question, not to the people of the country or
the Territories, but to nine judges of the Supreme
Court, sitting as a board of referees, with power
to make a final decision of a political question,
which the Democratic party has tried to agree upon
in convention, and failed.
If the popular-sovereignty portion pf the Dem-
ocratic party shall eventually prevail, I shall
watch with some interest to see whether the Su-
premo Courtwdl consent to sitasreferee, to decide
this question for the Democratic party. Perhaps
the " peace and harmony " of the party may re-
quire its settlement byjudicial decision. But, for
the reputation of the court, I hope that it will not
feel bound to accept. If it does, I hope that it
will not incorporate its award into a judicial deci-
sion in which the rights of private parties are ad-
judicated.
But, Mr. Chairman, let tho Democratic party
frame the issue as it may, the Republican party
has the power to submit, and will submit, this
question to the people. Tf the people prefer that
the Supreme Court, sitting as a court, or as a
board of referees, shall decide the great political
questions of the day, and say to the people, it is
our province to decide, yours to bow in silent
obedience to our decrees, they will vote for the
men and doctrines of the Democratic party. But
if the people shall still think that they are capa-
ble of self-government, that free institutions and
free society are not a failure, they will vote for
the men who still propose to leave the decision of
political questions to the people.
In conclusion, I will say to the Democratic
party, frame your platform us you please; present
it, with your candidates for office, to the people,
for acceptance or rejection. "We will do the same.
If we are beaten, we will acquiesce, live in obe-
dience to the Constitution and the laws, and see
to it that the Union is preserved. You, by^pre-
senting your candidates and platform of principles
to the people, for acceptance or rejection, pledge
yourselves anew to the same course. We intend
to act in good faith, and will not question that you
intend to do the same. We propose to submit our
principles, and the reason for their adoption, to
every portion of the American people where free
speech is tolerated and the rights of the citizen
under the Constitution respected. And if we are
still excluded from any part of our common coun-
try, we have only to say to you, perform your
constitutional obligations, and we will present the
principles of our party to the people of every State
m the Union, and secure for them the support of
more or less of the voters of every community in
the land. We propose'to appeal to the reason
and judgment of the people, not to their fears,
prejudices, or passions. We hold that threats are,
poor arguments, and that he who addresses them'
to any portion of the American people fails to
appreciate his audience.
REVISION OF THE TARIFF.
SPEECH OF HON. JOHN T. NIXON,
OF NEW JERSEY,
In the House of Representatives,
May 4, I860.
Tim House being la the Committee of the Whole on the
state of tiie Union, and having unilei consideration House
bill No. 338, to provide for tiie payment of outstanding
Treasury notes, to authorize a loan, to regulate and fix the
duties on imports, and for other purposes-
Mr. NIXON said: .
It is my wish, Mr. Chairman, to submit a few
remarks upon the subject which is now properly
before thecommittee. Among the numerous topics
which have engaged the attention of the House
during the present session, not one has been of
more importance to the whole country, or more
intimately connected with the prosperity and hap-
piness of the intelligent constituency which I have
the honor to represent, than the question of the
revision of our revenue laws. When properly
and harmoniously adjusted, a tariff act falls, like
the sunshine, upon every class and condition in
life, causing every department of human industry
to smile and prosper; imparting activity to labor;
fair remuneration to every-day toil; and, in its
proximate and remote results, infusing health,
strength, and social order into the whole body-
politic, by elevating the condition of its individual
members.
I have no desire, Mr. Chairman, to underrate
the importance of a full and frank discussion of
the question of negro slavery. I can readily per-
ceive that there are times and occasions when an
American Representative wilt fall short of the
faithful discharge of his high trust if he ignores
that question or fails to meet it. The existence of
slavery within the Republic is a grave historic
fact; and the relations which it sustains to the
General Government, the protection or toleration
which it enjoys under the Constitution, the in-
fluence which it exerts upon our social condition
and our material prosperity, are grave questions
to be temperately and thoughtfully considered by
every man who wishes well to his country's fu-
ture. But these questions have not been legiti-
mately before us; and, with all deference to the
judgment of older men, I cannot but think that
their discussion thus far has been inopportune,
uncalled for by any public exigency, and barren
of all good results. Involving social problems of
the gieatest magnitude, they have been dwarfed
into the merest party issues. Rising high up into
the atmosphere of morals, and stretching far into
the future, as affecting the destiny of unborn mil-
lions, they have been used by politicians as fire-
brands to enkindle sectional agitation, to intensify
sectional strife, and to promote sectional triumphs.
Appeals have been made, not to the intellect and
reason, but to the narrow prejudices and passions
of the hour. The influence of such a discussion
has reached beyond this House. It pervades the
country, alienating brethren, antagonizing sec-
tions, and weakening and loosening the very
I bonds of the Union.
Representing, in part, a loyal and Constitution-
! loving State, and standing, geographically and
) politically, between all extremes, allow me toap-
, peal to gentlemen here to turn aside for the pres-
j entfrom the discussion of these exciting topics,
I and devote the residue of this session to those mat-
S ters of legislation which will develop our great
j national resource.s by stimulating our agriculture,
■ extending ourconimcrcc, and invigorating the arm
of our manufacturing and mechanical labor. Let
! us especially apply ourselves to the perfection of
1 the bill now before us, and thus, if possible, illus-
trate the first session of the Thirty-Sixth Con-
gress by the passage of the best revenue act which
ever claimed the attention of the people's Repre-
sentatives.
The bill reported by the Committee of "Ways
and Means, upon its face has a twofold object,
each object being in itself a reason and an argu-
ment for the other. The first is to make provision
for the paymentof the national debt. The second
is to raise the meansof payingit,and,at thesame
time, to provide for -the ordinary expenses of the
Government. Incidental to these main purposes,
the- committee has endeavored so to adjust the
duties upon imports that encouragement and pro-
tection may be afforded to the various industrial
interests of the country. These interests are
now languishing for the want of such discrimi-
nation; voices of petition and complaint come to
us daily—not from the large manufacturer only,
but from the humble son of toil—setting forth the
disastrous effects of the act of 1857 upon the value
and price of his labor, which is his only capital
for the comfortable maintenance ofhis family, and
the education ofhis children.
My first argument will be addressed to the
power of Congress to pass a revenue act inciden-
tally protecting our home manufactures. Itseems
strange how any gentleman at all familiar with the
history of the country, or with the circumstances"
under which the convention was called to frame
our present Constitution, should doubt about this
power. I may safely assert that it was the want
of it, under the Articles of Confederation, which
led our fathers to first consider the propriety of
forming a more perfect union among the States.
After the close of the revolutionary war, the states-
men of the times saw, with apprehension and
alarm, that the manufacturing and commercial in-
terests of the country were yearly declining.. As
an inevitable consequence, agriculture also lan-
guished, in sympathy with manufactures and com-
merce, for they are all sisters, with indissoluble
relationships and interests, and flourish or fall
together. The. wealth of the people was largely
expended in purchasing the manufactures of for-
eign Governments, imported here in foreign bot-
toms. The Congress of the Confederation, year
after year, importuned the States to some concert
of action, and the State Legislatures, in the ex-
ercise of all their functions and powers, endeav-
ored, in vain, to check or remedy the growing
evils. Every page of the history of that period
reveals the fact that the radical defects of the
whole system were the want of the necessary -
meansof raising a revenue, and the absence of
power to regulate and control the trade and com-
merce of the country.
The convention which met at Annapolis in 1786
was called to remedy just these defects. Upon
examining the credentials of the different mem-
bers, it was ascertained that their functions and
duties hud been limited to tiie passage of some
general laws concerning the revenue, trade, and
commerce of the country, except in the case of
the commissioners from New Jersey, who had
been empowered by their appointment "to con-
sider how far a uniform system in their commer-
cial relations, and other important matters, might
be necessary to the common interests and perma-
nent harmony of the several Stales." As only
the five central States of New York, New Jersey,
Pennsylvania, Delaware, and Virginia were rep-
resented in that convention, it was not deemed
advisable to attempt any change. But the com-
missioners united m an address, urging a general
meeting of all the States in a future convention
at Philadelphia, and requesting them to adopt the
idea, suggested by New Jersey, that other mat-
ters, besides trade and commerce, should be con-
sidered by the convention. They say that the
power of regulating trade is of such comprehens-
ive extent, and will enter so far into the general
system of the Federal Government, that to give
it efficiency, and to obviate questions and doubts
concerning its precise nature and limits, may re-
quire a corresponding adjustment of other parts
of the Federal system.
] From such sources and suggestions grew up,
j step by step, the charter of our political faith and
j the fair fabric of our American Union.
| Let us now turn our attention to the Constitu-
1 tion, the wise product of their conciliatory labors,
j and ascertain, if possible, what powers were con-
j ferred upoti Congress in reference to the trade and
| commerce of the country. In the eighth section
j of article first, Congress is expressly authorized
| " to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts, and ex-
I cises," and also " to regulate commerce with for-
i! eign nations, and among the sevdrai States, and
