18G0.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
consisting, in part, of women and children; which
deputation encamped at Ash Hollow, to await the
approach of General Harney.
Tilt; testimony farther shows that when Gen-
eral Barney arrived at Ash Hollow, with his com-
mand, he immediately drew up his men in line of
battle within rifle range of the Indian camp. The
statement of Captain Van Vliet, who was present,
and under command of General Harney, together
with the evidence of several other persons, who
were also on the ground, shows that the Sioux
chief, finding that ins parly was about to be treated
as hostile by the United States Army, immedi-
ately came forward and had an interview with
General Harney and begged for peace; urging
hi;'' known friendship for tile white man, which
was fully sustained by the fact that soveial emi-
grants were then 111 his camp enjoying his hospi-
tality, which fact is abundantly sustained by tes-
timony. It
General Harney declined to treat with the In-
dian chief. It fui tlier appears that he ordered Ins
men to charge upon the Indian camp, which or-
der they obeyed, killing 111 all some forty or fifty
persons. Had General Harney been apprised of
the fact that a large number of women and chil-
dren weie in the camp, some of whom shaied
tile same fate as the warriors, that circumstance
would have convinced him of their friendly char-
acter and pacific intentions; and such knowledge
would also have determined him to pursue a line
of policy altogether different from that which he
adopted in the premises as he understood them.
It appears that these Indians, in consequence of
tins rencounter, which, asindicatedabove, resulted
from a misunderstanding of their real character
and intentions, became highly exasperated, and
declared their purpose to be revenged. Accord-
ingly they commenced putting their threats into
immediate execution, by making predatory de-
scents upon emigrant and other trains that were
then crossing from the western border of Missouri
to Utah and California. The petitioners, Kerr,
Brieriy & Co., had at that time afllrge train some
two days' drive in the rear of General Harney,
laden with ninety-five tons of merchandise, which
they were hauling to Great Salt Lake City. These
exasperated Indians at once waylaid them, and
robbed them of a number of their mules and horses,
and otherwise annoyed them with threats and rob-
beries, until it became impossible to proceed, ex-
cept at the peril of their lives. In this emergency
they appealed to General Harney, who, perceiv-
ing their imminent danger, detailed a small escort
of twenty men, under the command of Captain
Heath, to protect their train, and thus enable them
to proceed. This force, however, proved to be
altogether inadequate for the purpose; so much so
that Captain Heath found it necessary to impose
such terms and orders upon Kerr, Brieriy & Co.,
respecting their manner of traveling—compelling
them to travel slower than usual, to stop and en-
camp earlier in the afternoon, and to corral their
cattle and horses so closely that they had not an
opportunity to graze sufficiently to keep them in
traveling order. The train was so much delayed
and reduced in flesh by reason of these orders,
that it was from fifteen to twenty-five days longer
than is usual in reaching Great Salt Lake City.
It was, for the same reasons, overtaken by the
snow storms, which covered up the grass, and
thus still further reduced the cattle; so that, partly
from starvation and partly from the intense cold
that followed, the cattle all perished, except thirty
head. Moreover, the petitioners were compelled
to purchase cattle from trains that overtook and
passed them, and also to send ahead for others
when within one hundred and thirteen miles of
Great Salt Lake City. These facts are all proved
by Captain Van Vliet and other credible witnesses.
Mr. WOODSON. I suppose the bill is before
the House.
Mr, CRAIGE,of North Carolina. I suppose
not.
Mr. BRANCH. Bv no means.
Mr. WOODSON, '.Then I move to suspend
the rules, to enable me to take the bill out of com-
mittee, and to put it upon its passage.
Mr. STANTON. I hope the gentleman will
postpone that matter for the present. There is a
large olnss of cases involving the principle con-
tained in this bill, and the bill ought not to be
passed without discussion.
Mr. WOODSON. The principle of this case
1737
has been settled by the Supreme Court of the
United" States.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. The bill
involves a n< w principle.
Mr WOODSON. The principle of this bill
has been decided by the Supreme Court of the
United States, and 1 do not see that there is any
necessity for delaying this matter.
Mr. STANTON. There are several cases in-
volving the principle of th  bill before the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers; and Messrs.
Quarles, and Robinson of Rhode Island were
appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported 
ayes thirty; not two thirds of a quorum.
So tile rules were not suspend'd.
THE JAPANESE EMBASSY.
Mr. CORWIN obtained the floor.
Air. COLFAX. The gentleman from Ohio in-
forms me that he has in his hand a biil of the Sen-
ate in relation to paying the expenses of the Ja-
panese mission. I ask lum to yield me the floor
for a moment, for a matter of public business.
Mr. HICKMAN. After the gentle man from
Ohio introduces his business, I must insist upon
the special order.
ENROLLED BILL.
xvlr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled an act
(S. No. 49) for the relief of the heirs and legal
representatives of Mark Elisha; when the Speaker
signed the same.
THE JAPANESE EMBASSY AGAIN. V
Mr. CORWIN. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to report back, from the Committee
on Foreign Affairs,ajointresolution comingfrom
the Senate, making an appropriation to defray the
expenses of the Japanese embassy, whose near
approach has admonished us of the necessity ot
having this resolution passed immediately. I ask
to have it considered now in the House.
There being no objection, the joint resolution
(S. No. 23) m regard to the minister from Japan,
was read. It appropriates §50,000 to defray the
expenses of the envoys and suite composing the
Japanese embassy expected to arrive in the Uni-
ted States, or so much thereof as may be re-
quired, to be expended under the direction of the
Secretary of State.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
MAIL SERVICE TO PIKE's PEAK.
Mr. COLFAX. I ask to have a letter read
from the Postmaster General, in regard to the
mails to Pike's Peak.
The letter was read, as follows:
Tost Office Department, Jipril 6, 1860.
Sir: Referring to our convcjr.vation of this morning in
regard to the lack of niaiJ facilities in tlic Pike's Peak re-
gion, t would state that, there never lmvins been any post
routes in that region till the act of March I860, it has
been impossible tor the Department to supply that section
with wails. Nor is it possible now, until Congress fur-
nishes an appropriation for that pmpose. If, however,
your committee should lecommeiui that the appropriation
for iins service, now incoiporated in the general Post Office
appiopriation bill, should be passed at on<v, as the po^t
routes tor that region weie, m a ^p'Vial bill, and it" Con-
gress should tee fit to concur therein, the Department would
at once furnish temporary seivjce under the act of 1836, If
it can be obtained on reasonable teims, and advertise for
regular contracts there, to take effect in July next.
Respectfully, your obedient servant,
HORATIO KING.
~&ctin% Postmartcr General.
Hon. Schuyler Oot.v\x, Chairman of the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, House of Representatives.
Mr. COLFAX. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads, unan-
imously, to report the act to furnish additional mail
facilities; and 1 will move to suspend the rules for
the purpose of having it put upon its passage.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I gave notice to the gentle-
man from Indiana, when the question was up be-
fore, that I should oppose the passage of the bill
unless it shall be amended.
Mr. COLFAX. I have no objection to the
gentleman from Georgia speaking, if the rules are
not enforced against me, and I am allowed a mo-
ment or two in reply.
The SPEAKER. The bill will now receive its
first reading.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I desire, before the bill is
I read, to state to tlic House the condition of the
I question. This bill Iras been broughtforward for
j. the purpose o-f authorizing the Post Office Depart-
•! raent to put mail serviceon the Pike's Peakroutes,
which have b< en passed at this session of Con-
gress. I object to tlie bill being passed at this
particular time, for this reason: no' service !;us
been put upon the new post routes embraced in
the bill of 1858 for the States, for the reason that
Congress failed to pass the annual Post Office
appropriation bill. • -
Now, I feel it my duty—being one cf the gen-
! tlrmen who had new post routes inserted in the •
j bill of 1858, on which no service has been put—
[ to object to giving these people.of Pike's Peak an
; advantage over citizens of the old States, who
I have had mail routes established for more than
| two years, and still have not had service put on
tjicm, because of the fact of no appropriation •
having been made at last session. I can see no
reason myself why the,people of Pike's Peak
should have mail service m advance of the people
of the old States. I do not see why they should
be placed in a better condition than the people
who had new mail routes given them two years
| ago. It would be an act of injustice to the latter.
I state to tho gentleman 'from-Indiana, that
while I shall for the present oppose the suspen-
sion of the rules, which he desires, for the pur-
pose of allowing him to get his bill before the
House, yet, if the rules be suspended, I shall
move to amend by adding to it £400,000—a sum
recommended by the Committee of Ways and
Means—for the purpose of putting in operation the
new post routes embraced in the post route bill of
1858; and, as a matter of course, I shall expect
that the members who have had new routes on
which no service has been put, to vote for my
amendment, so that our people may be put on the
same footing as those of Pike's Peak.
Mr. COLFAX. In making the motion to sus-
pend the rules for the purpose of introducing this
bill, I simply perform a duty devolved on me by the
House. It is the duty of the committee of which
I have the honor to be the representative on this
occasion, to promote, as far as possible, the mail  
facilities of the country; and I assure the gentle-
man from Georgia that, if he can point me to any
part of the State of Georgia where, by any omis-
sion heretofore, there were no post routes put in
operation; where the people have thus been de-
prived of mail facilities, and have been subjected
to the extortions of express oompanies—paying
from twenty-five cents to one dollar for the mes-
sages of affection and businessbetween themselves
ana their absent families and friends—I would
stand here to-day moving a bill for the benefit of
his constituents just as cheerfully as I do now for
the people of Pike's Peak. I think the course of
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
heretofore has proven that we do regard with im-
partiality the just claims of all sections of the
Union. The people of Pike's Peak are four, five,
or six hundred miles from the frontier. They have
post offices, but have no post routes—at least none
in operation—and consequently 110 mail connec-
tion with the States. The people there have been
drawn from all sections of the country, in their anx-
iety to extract gold from the mountains. They
have left their families and business and friends
at home, and have no means of corresponding
with them, except through express companies.
It is a duty which the Government of the United
States owes to them that they shall have mail fa-
cilities in common with the other millions of peo-
ple. throughout tlic land.
The argument of the gentleman from Georgia
is fallacious in this particular also: that those new
post routes embraced in the act of June, ll|p8,on
which service lias not yet been placed by the
Postmaster General, 011 account of the lack of ap-
propriations, are nearly all in the old well-settled
States, wheretheyalready havepostroutes. These
would increase their mail facilities, to be sure;
but still they have som<' service now, unlike these
Pike's Peak people, who have 110 mail facilities
whatever, except such as are proposed to be given
in this bill.
The Post Office Department cannot give them
any; and we simply ask that the amount which
has been reported by the Committeeof Ways and
Means in the general Post Office appropriation
bill, which, as every one knows, will pass finally
011 the last day of the session, shall be appropri-
