1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
717
shall do the work; they fix the prices at which it
shall be done: they have the officer who shall
supervise it; and yet he says the Department has
control of it. They could make an appropriation
to the head of a Department, and make him the
paymaster for the printing. That can be all the
power he can possibly retain over it. ^
Mr. FITCH. With the permission of the Sen-
atorfrom Mississippi, I desire to call the attention
of the Senator from Maine to an extract from the
civil and diplomatic act, taken from the Statutes
at Large, Thirty-Second Congress, first session,
page 98:
" Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That it shall not bo
lawful for the officer or person in charge o£ any bureau or
otlice in any of the Departments of the Government, to
punt, or cause to be printed, at the public expense, any ic-
port he may make to the President of the Uiuted States, or
to the head of any of the Departments."
It is an imperative prohibition.
Mr. HAMLIN. I understand that law, and it
docs not affect the view which I presented.
Mr. DAYIS. The only exception in favor of
the Departments is, that when they have a fund
that may be employed for the purpose, which
may sometimes be the contmgcntfuna, and where
the printing is to be done out of the city of Wash-
ington, and to be distributed elsewhere than in the
city of Washington, a Department may have its
own printing done. In all other cases Congress
has prescribed the mode in which the depart-
mental printing shall be done: it must be sent to
the Superintendent of Printing, to be done by the
Printer of either of the two Houses of Congress,
and at a rate fixed by Congress. What an ab-
surdity it would be to make an appropriation to a
Department which was to be administered by Con-
gress ! I hardly imagine that the Senator from
Maine, with his logical mind, would consent to
give a vote which would be so absolutely absurd
on its face, as to say that he was giving $1,000,
for instance, to a Department to do its printing,
and yet withhold to himself the direction of the
printing, the price at which it was to be done, the
payment of the money, and the person who was
to do it—everything within his own hands except
the mere act of counting out the money. He
would be ashamed to vote for such a law If he
will return to the Department the discretionary
power which it formerly had in matters of print-
mo; not ordered by Congress, there would be an
evident propriety in the Department controlling
it; but that is not the case which is before us.
Congress is printing for its own use; the Senate
is ordering printing for its own use, and these arc
extra copies. What sort of economy is that which
would require the Department to go to some other
printer, if it had the power, to pay him for another
composition in order to get the two thousand extra
copies, to incur the whole expense of composition
and engraving over again, lest the Senate of the
United States should charge its contingent fund
with the much smaller expense of printing the
extra copies ?
The Government is a practical thing; it cannot
run off on mere abstractions and theories, imagine
to itself something, and in utter disregard of ex-
pense and disregard of machinery, present an
idea which is to be conformed to at all hazards.
Neither is it at all fair for Congress, after they
have enacted a law and established machinery to
carry out the law, then to say that an order for
printing documents, payable from the contingent
fund appropriated for each House, is evading the
appropriation, or covering it up in any manner
whatever. You have taken charge of the subject,
wisely or unwisely; the Departments have no
power over it save to pay outmoncy,ifyou choose
to give the money for them to pay out; and there
can be no economy, there can be no wisdom, there
can be no executive propriety, in thus requiring
another officer to pay for work which you direct
to be executed, at prices which you fix, and under
an officer whom you control. There is the case.
If the Senator wants double composition, if he
wants the engraving to be made by two sets of
engravers, then I can imagine why he should wish
thcDepartmenttoprintthese two thousand copies.
If the law stood as no obstacle, still I should say
that every propriety and every consideration of
economy would require you to print the two thou-
sand extra copies, rather than to leave it some
future time to do done by the head of the Depart-
ment.
Mr. HAMLIN. I do not know that I under-
stand the Senator from Mississippi; but if 1 do
understand him, I must confess to that very pre-
cise shame which he says I cannot possess. If I
understood the Senator from Mississippi, surely
he has notunderstood me. I have not undertaken
to say that the Departments had any authority to
obtain printing in any other placc or in any other
way than by the Public Printer. Consequently
no double composition could be allowed. Now
I will state the case practically; 1 will take the
document that was presented here yesterday in
relation to the art and science of war, referred to
that Senator himself, I believe, and by him its
printing was recommended. It came to us from a
Department. The question I raised was, could
that Department have procured that printing with-
out sending that document here? I say, yes.
Mr. DAVIS. That is the exception of which
I spoke—a thing which might be printed out of
the District, becausc it was for distribution else-
where. If there was an appropriation to cover
the expense, the head of Department might send
that book somewhere else and have it printed,
because it is not for circulation here. That is the
only exception there is in the law.
Mr. HAMLIN. Then I will not illustrate by
that case; but I will take one that is not an excep-
tion. Take any printing which cannot be done
out of the District of Columbia. Do I understand
the Senator to say that the Departments cannot,
on their own application to the Public Printer,
have it printed without coming here and getting a
vote of Congress to print it?
Mr. DAVIS. No.
Mr. HAMLIN. Then the Senator agrees with
me. The Departments can do their own print-
ing, and bo responsible for it, and take their own
money and pay for it when we appropriate the
money.
Mr. DAVIS. They cannot do their own print-
ing.
"Mr. IIAMLIN. They can do it through the
Public Printer. I do not say they can get another
printei to do it.
Mr. DAVIS. They cannot even regulate the
price, or the manner in which it shall be done.
Mr HAMLIN. I grant that. But suppose
they have got matter which they do want printed,
and which cannot be printed beyond the limits of
the District—take that case: they can go to the
Public Printer, and they can have it printed here.
True, they do not regulate the price; true, they
do not select the individual who is to do the work;
but does that deprive the Department of the power
of having printed what it may deem necessary and
proper? 1 say not. I do not think that any man
need be ashamed of voting for a law to regulate
the price of all printing—congressional as well
as executive. I am sure I can see no shame that
should attach to it. I think I voted for the pres-
ent law, although I was opposed at the time to the
rates which itestablished, and I stated to the coun-
try that they were exorbitantly high; but still
they were better rates than we had had—rates that
were an improvement upon the old ones.
Mr. DAVIS. Is the Senator answering mc?
Does he intend that as an answer to my remarks ?
Mr. HAMLIN. Certainly not. I propose to
answer the Senator's point 
Mr. DAVIS. That was not the point. I did
not say the Senator would be ashamed of doing
that.
Mr. HAMLIN. We did fix the rates of pub-
lic printing, as I said, and we did it because they
had been deemed exorbitantly high before, be-
cause there were examples shown to prove it; and
I thinjj:, if the statements made by the Senator's
colleague on this floor be true, wo have recent
examples which show that the rates established
for doing the printing which may be done outside
of the District of Columbia, are still very much
too high, and we might with as much propriety
now, and I think we ought to, include all that kind
of printing in a general law, and to take away that
discretion which all Departments will sometimes
abuse. The object of doing this, was to prevent
abuses; abuses that might exist, abuses that had
existed, and abuses that we might fear in the fu-
ture. The law was passed, fixing these rates; and
I assert again, that in fixing a Public Printer, and
in determining the rates, we took from the Depart-
ments no power which they had to go to that
Printer to have done whatever printing they
deemed necessary for their Departments, except-
ing the exceptional cases that went outside of the
District of Columbia.
The section which has been read by the Sena-
tor from Indiana is not a repeal of that law which
I have read, but is to be construed in harmony
with it, that the heads of Departments cannot have
any printing done byotherprinters than the Pub-
lic Printer. That is the law now, and I*cannot,
for the life of me, see where the difference between
the Senator from Mississippi and myself is, un-
less it be simply in this: that he denies that they
have any power over it because we designate the
printer and fix the prices.
Mr. PUGH. The pending amendment, Mr.
President, really involves the question whether
or not we shall abolish the franking privilege ? It
is, whether we shall print eight thousand copies
for the use of the Senate to be distributed, or four
thousand five hundred to be disposed of by the
Commissioner of Patents ? and it has led to a long
discourse on the subject of public printing—a sub-
ject which we cannot very well dispose of now.
My friend from Alabama suggests that it is a ques-
tion whether these documents shall be printed by
the House Printer or the Senate Printer. I do
not care which prints it; but, certainly, I am not
going to postpone public creditors in order to con-
sider whether the House Printer or the Senate
Printei- shall have the spoils of this document. I
•move to postpone the further consideration of this
subject, in order to take up the Post Office appro-
priation bill. That provides foradebtof the Gov-
ernment, and it ought to be disposed of before
this subject. I move to postpone this resolution
and to take up that bill; and I ask for the yeas and
nays on my motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DAVIS. Wc are nearly through with this
matter now, and I think we had better dispose
of it.
The question being taken on Mr. Pugh's mo-
tion, by yeas and nays, resulted—yeas 24, nays
33; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Brown, Chandler,
Clark, Collamcr, Crittenden, Dixon. Doolittle, Durkee,
Foot, Foster, Hale, Hamlin, Harlan, King, Pugh, Simmons,
Sumner, Ten Kyck, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wil-
son—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Benjamin, Bigler, Bragg, Bright,
Chesnut, Clay, CJingpian, Davis, Fitch, Fitzpatrick, Green,
Gwin, Hammond, Haun, Hemphill, Hunter, Iverson, John-
son of Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Kennedy, Lane,
Mallory, Mason, Nicholson, Pearcc, Powell, Rice, Sauls-
bury, Sebastian, Slidcll, Toombs, and Wigfall—33.
So the Senate refused to postpone the resolu-
tion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
rick in the chair.) The question now is on the
amendment to the amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 4s it is manifest that the
Senate prefers to postpone an appropriation bill
which is to pay the honest creditors of the Gov-
ernment, for the purpose of continuing this ques-
tion of printing—or rather as to who shall do it,
which is said to be the question on the other side—
I trust that the struggle will not be protracted;
and I hope that, on this side of the Chamber, our
friends will suffer the vote to be taken. I think
it is a small matter; and if the Senator from Vir-
ginia is willing that an appropriation bill of which
he has charge" shall be set aside on such a matter
as this, as is most manifest from the various votes
that have been taken here, I trust we shall get
this out of the way by voting upon it.
Mr. FITCH. This struggle would have been
ended hours ago if the Senators on that side would
then have concluded as the Senator from Illinois
now concludes—that it is a small matter. They,
and they alone, are placing obstacles in the way
of the "Post Office deficiency bill, by protracting a
discussion on this very small matter.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am not willing that that
statement should go out uncontradicted. I have
certainly voted every time against postponing the
regular order of business; and I believe that my
friends on this side of the Chamber have generally*
done so; but this resolution is thrust in here out
of placc, and this very matter has been decided
by the Senate, and the debate has been on a mo-
tion to reconsider. On a vote by yeas and nays
we defeat the proposition to printthis report, and
now it is brought up here on a motion to x*econ-
sider, and the day is consumed with it, and the
changes of votes to bring this matter before the
Senate were not upon this side of the Chamber.
I hope that the discussion will not be prolonged.
