2882
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
.informed, to-night. It is the general understand-
ing,! believe, that no business shall be transacted.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina, t give
notice again, that I am opposed to converting this
Hal] into a lecture-room for niggers or anything
else. I shall object as soon as I can ascertain
that no quorum is present.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 submit the motion that
the. fortification bill be taken up.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, who was entitled to the floor,
commenced to speak upon general political ques-
tions. *
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I rise to a
question of order. - It is manifest that no quorum
is present, and I raise the question of order that
the gentleman from Vermont cannot procced.
Mr. MORRILL. I do not yield the floor.
Mr- CRAIGE, of North Carolina. 1 rise to a
question of order, and the gentleman must yield
tlie floor.
The CHAIRMAN, (Mr. Perky in the chair.)
The Chair overrules the point of order.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina I appeal
from the decision of the Chair, and ask for a vote
upon ray appeal.
Mr. MORRILL continued making his speech.
. Mr,. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I demand
ih^tthere shall be a vote on my appeal. I insist
that the Chairman shall put my appeal to the com-
mittee.
Mr. COLFAX. I rise to a point of order. The
gentleman mast address the Chair respectfully.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I have ad-
dressed the Chair respectfully. I raised a point
of order which the Chair overruled, and I appeal
from that decision. I ask that there shall be a
vote of the committee on that appeal.
Mr. WALTON. My colleague has the floor;
and until he lias yielded it, the gentleman from
North-Carolina has no right to make his objection.
Mr. EDGERTON. 1 would like to know how
the gentleman from North Carolina got the floor.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state the
matter, as he understands it. The gentleman
from North Carolina raised a question of order.
He had the right to rise to a question of order.
His point of order has been overruled by the
Chair. Prom that decision the gentleman takes
an appeal.
Mr. COLFAX. Pending that appeal, I wish
to state this fact: the gentleman liom Mississippi
[Mr. Davis] asked leave this afternoon, by unan-
imous consent of the House, to print a speech. He
was a gentleman belonging to die other side of the
House, and there was no objection to his printing
his speech. *
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. All I want
to say is, that 1 did not hear the proposition of
the gentleman from Mississippi, or 1 would have
objected to it.
Mr. COLPAX. The gentleman from North
Carolina was standing by the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi when the proposition to print his speech
was made.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. If I had
heard any proposition to print aspeech not deliv-
ered in this House, I would have objected to it,
from whatever side it proceeded.
Mr.MAYNARD. Itis manifest thataquorum
is present. I hope, therefore, that there will be a
vote by tellers on the appeal. The House can
then sustain the decision of the Chair, and that
wilt end the question.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I demand
tellers on the appeal.
Tellers were ordered.
Mr. PEYTON. Some of us did not hear the
point of order, because of the confusion in the
House; and I ask the Chair to state it, so that we
may vote intelligently.
The CHAIRMAN. The point of order made
was, that there was no quorum present. The
Chair was not officially aware of that fact, and he
therefore overruled the point of order raised by
the gentleman from North Carolina. From that
decision the gentleman takes an appeal.
M r. BURNETT. It can easily be ascertained
whether a quorum is present or not.
Messrs. Adrain and Buffinton were appointed
tellers.
The CHAIRMAN. The usual practice of the
House is to presume that a quorum is present;
it was- on that ground the Chair overruled the
point of order raised by the gentleman from North
Carolina.
The question was taken; and the tellers report-
ed—aVes eighty-seven.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I am satisfied that there
is a quorum present, and I see no necessity for
pressing this thing any further.
Mr. CRAIG*. of Missouri. We have only the
affirmative votes counted. I want the negative
vote annonnced. I ask whether all the members
present cannot be compelled to vote?
The CHAIRMAN. The rules require that
every member who is present shall vote.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I can point out
gentlemen who have not voted.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not see anybody here
who has not voted.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. The gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Logan] and others have not
voted.
The negative vote was then announced to be
twenty-seven.
The CHAIRMAN. No quorum appears on
the vote, and the roll must, therefore, be called.
The roll was- then called; and the following
momhers failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. Green Adams, Alley, Ashley, Ashmore, Babbitt,
Barr, Barret, Bingham, Blair, Bocoek, Bonham, Boteler,
Boyce, Bllggs, Bibvvil, Blireh, LSuri"ou:;hs, Campbell, Gai-
ter, Case, John B. Clark, Clemen-:, Cobb, Claik Ei. Coch-
rane, John Cochrane, Conklmg, Convin, Cox, Curry, Da-
vidson, John G. Davis, Itenhen Davis, Dawes, De Jarnettc,
Dimmick, Duell, Dunn, Ethnundson, JEhot, English, Etil-
endge, Farnsworth, Fenton, Feiry, Garnett, Giimei, Gi o\v,
Hale. [Jail, Hamilton, J. Morrison harris,Ilajkin, Uatton,
Hawkins, Ilelinick, Hill, llindman, lloaid, llutehms,
Jackson, .Tonkins, Jones, Junkin, ICeitt, William Kellogg,
Kilgore, Killing!-.-; Ktinkel, Larrabee, James M. Leach,
Le.'iko, Longneeker, Lave, Muelay, Marston, Elbeit S.
Maitin, McCiernand, McPhei^op, Mcdueeil, MeRac,
Mdes, Laban T. Moore, Sydenham Moore, Iqaae N. Mor-
ris, Moise, Noel I, Olin, Palmer, Pendleton, Petlit, Phelps,
Potter, Piyor, Push, Ciunrlcs, lteagan, Rice, Riggs, James
C. Itobni-son, Scolt, Bcranton, Scdgwick, Simms, William
Smith, Somes, Stalhvorth, Stevenson, William Stewart,
Trimble, Underwood, Vallandigliam, Vance, Vandever,
Cadwaiader C. Washburn, israel Washburn, Winslovv,
Wood. Woodruff, and Woodson.
The Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr.
Perry reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the-state of the Union had, according to or-
der, had the Union generally under consideration,
and particularly the fortification appropriation
bill, and finding itself without a quorum, had di-
rected him to report the names of the absentees
to the House.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. MALLORY stated that Mr. Boteler was
paired with Mr. Junkin.
Mr. CURTIS stated that he was paired with
Mr. Moore, o£ Alabama.
Mr. BARKSDALE stated that his colleague,
Mr. Davis, was confined to his room by illness.
Mr. ELY stated that his colleague, Mr. Hoard,
was paired with Mr. Stoot.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia, stated that his col-
league, Mr. Jenkins, was detained from the
House by illness.
Mr. LANDRUM stated that his colleague, Mr.
Davidson, stud that he was too unwell longer to
remain in the House; and that he had paired off
with Mr. Case.
Mr. SICKLES stated that Mr. Larrabee left
the House indisposed; and that he was paired with
Mr. Oljn.
Mr. EDGERTON stated that Mr. Kellogg,
of Illinois, was paired with Mr. Noell.
Mr. PEYTON stated that he was paired with
Mr. Train.
Mr. BARKSDALE staled that his colleague,
Governor McRae, was paired with Mr. Wood-
ruff.
Mr. IRVINE. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Air. SHERMAN. Idemandtlieyeasandnays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BURNETT. I suggest to the gentleman
from New York, and to the gentleman from Ohio,
that we have a call of the House.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am perfectly willing to
have a call of the House, if it can be gone through
with. I seems to me, however, that we ought to
go back into committee.
Mr. CURTIS. After waiting from eleven
o'clock until seven o'clock this evening, it is use-
less for us to undertake to carry on the business
of the House any longer.
Mr. SHERMAN. With the consent of the
House, I will state precisely the condition of the
business of the House, No one is more annoyed
than I am at these occurrences.
Mr. GARTRELL. I object to discussion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to make a statement.
There was no objection.
Mr. SHERMAN. Wchavepassed a resolution
to adjourn on the 18thinstant. The Senate show,
by keeping it in their possession, that they will
accept it. I understand that they will accept it;
that they are arranging their business for the pur-
pose of accepting it. We have three appropria-
tion bills in Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union unacted upon. There are special
orders in tile House from this until Wednesday
next. While this is so, the House seems to be
drifting along as if business would in some way
be transacted. Members appear indisposed to re-
main here and transact the business of the coun-
try. There are speeches which will have to be
made, and I have a desire to getthem worked off
now, in order that we go to business. If we ex-
pect to adjourn on the 18th instant, we will have
to have night sessions until nine or ten o'clock.
Nobody dislikes this business more than I do. I ^
like my dinner as well as anybody. 1 like to
have my meals regularly; but, inasmuch as we
have determined to adjourn on the 18th instant,
we ought to come here and sit, and sit, until the
public business is transacted. If we rescind our
resolution to adjourn on the 18th, I am, then,
perfectly willing to do so.
Mr. CURTIS. I say that it is impossible for
this House to sit here for ten or twelve hours a
day, and then have an opportunity to do our cor-
respondence. If the Senate is disposed to take
upon itself the responsibility of forcingan adjourn-
ment before the appropriation bills are passed, it
cannot be possible for us to avoid it. They must
take that responsibility if they will. I hope we
will not be compelled to sit here, when there
seems no vise in doing so.
Mr. WHITELEY. If the gentleman from
Ohio is willing to take up any of the appropria-
tion bills, 1 will stay here and assist in doing the
business of the House; but to stay here and hear
a parcel of speeches at tflis late hour of the day,
is not endurable.
Mr. FLORENCE. I apprehend that the fears
of the gentleman from Ohio ■will not be realized.
I understand that a caucus of Senators was held
the other day, the object of which was to facili- #
tate, as far as possible, the transaction of busi-
ness. I do not understand that they took any
action upon the resolution which was sent to that
body from this House; but I believe they are
endeavoring to hasten business in that body, with
a view to an early adjournment; but in conversa-
tion with gentlemen of the Senate, I have not
found anyone who supposed for a single instant
that so early a day as the 18th would be fixed for
adjournment.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I call the gentleman to
order.
The SPEAKER. Debate is out of order. Tho
yeas and nays have been ordered on the motion
to adjourn.
Mr. FLORENCE. I understood that I was
occupying the floor by unanimous consent; and
if I am occupying the floor by such consent, I can
occupy it sixty minutes, though I do not wish to
occupy it ten minutes.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
no further debate is in order, objection being
made. The Chair would hear the gentleman from
Pennsylvania with great pleasure, were it not that
it would be contrary to tho rules of the House.
Mr. FLORENCE. Very well. 1 do not care
to occupy the floor-of the House. I only occu-
pied it by the same consent that was accorded to
the gentleman from Ohio.
The SPEAKER. I would say to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, thathemay notgo away with
the impression that he has not been fairly dealt by,
that though unanimous consent was given to the
gentleman from Ohio, yet now objection is made;
and, therefore, no further debate is in order.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to say a word or two in expla-
nation of my own position. No member of this
House is more unwilling than myself to thrust
myself before an unwilling audience. The speech
which 1 desire to make this evening would have
