1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
f been made at an earlier day, had it not been for
I the intervention of the gentleman from North
fc- Carolina. It would have been made at a still
earlier period but from my unwillingness to in-
!'■ terpose a speech whan any legitimate business of
7,: the House could be transacted.
S Mr. NELSON. I ask the gentleman from Ver-
fe mont to give way a moment:
| Mr. MORRILL. Certainly.
Mr. NELSON. I was present here the other
J evening when the gentleman from Vermont at-
5 tempted to address the House. He has attempted
- to do the same thing this evening. I think there
are but few, if any, gentlemen upon the floor,
' who have trespassed as little upon the attention
; of the House as the gentleman from Vermont; and
• I move that he be allowed to print his remarks.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. 1 shall ob-
; ject to that. I dislike to trouble the House, but
1 have no idea that an attack shall be made upon
the performance of my legislative duties without
a reply. When I objected, the other evening,
only about ten persons were present.
Mr. EDGERTON. I rise to a point of order.
Is there any question before the House?
Mr. MORRILL. I am, of course, very much
obliged to the gentleman from North Carolina for
his persistent efforts to give me an audience.
Now, while I have been here six years, this is
the first instance that I have asked to trespass
■ upon the House for the purpose of making any
speech except upon the subject legitimately be-
fore the body. I do not ask the House to remain
here to-night. It is for the House to judge for
itself. There are half a dozen gentlemen upon
the one side and the other who desire to address
the House before the adjournment. It matters
not with me what disposition the House may
make of the subject. Whatever that may be, [
shall be content.
Mr. HUGHES. I wish simply to remark that
I am pretty well advised that the Senate is very
likely to concur in the joint resolution passed, so
far as this House is concerned, to adjourn on the
18th instant.
Mr. GARTRELL. If this discussion is to
goon, I hope the gentleman from Vermont will be
allowed to proceed.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. If it is to
go on, 1 want a chance myself.
Mr. HUGHES. I had the consent of the House
to proceed.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I objected to the gentle-
man 's speaking.
Mr. HUGHES. I desire to make a single re-
mark, which I am sure will be well received. I
wish to say that, under the circumstances, and in-
asmuch as we have had some 
Mr. BARKSDALE. I must interpose an ob-
jection.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made, no
further debate is in order, and the Clerk will call
the roll.
The question was then put; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 23, nays 92; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. A-hmore, Avery, Barksdale, Branch,
Horace F.Clark, Clopton, Burton Craige, I>immick,Foukc,
Houston, Irvine, Landrum, Logan, Mallory, Charles }).
Martin, Niblack, Huffin, Sickles, Singleton, William X.
H. Smith, Taylor, Thomas, arid Wluteley—H'S.
NAYS— MesMs. Charles F. Adams, Adrain, Aldricb,
Allen, William C. Anderson, Ashley. Beale, Blake, Bou-
ligny, Brabson, Bravton, Bristow, Buftinton, Builingame,
Burnett, Burnham, Butterfield,Carey.Colfax,.James Ci.ug,
Crawford,Curtis, II. Winter IJuvN, Delano, Edcerton, Ed-
wards, Ely, Florence, Foster, Frank. French, Gaitrell,
Gooeii, Graham, Gurlov, Hardeman, John T. Harris, Hick-
man, William Jiowai'd, William A. Howaid, Hughes,
Humphrey, Francis W. Kellogg, ICenyon, DeWitt C.
i-eacll. Lee, Loomis, Loveioy, Maynaid, McKeau, Mc-
K^ight, Millson, Millward, Moorheuil, Morrill, Eitwai-d Joy
Mortis, Nelson, Nuon. Perry, Peyton, Porter. Pottle, Rey-
nolds,Rice, Christopher Robinson. Itoyce, Rust, Schwartz,
Sherman,Spaulding,Spinner, Stall wortn, Stanton, Stevens,
James A. .Stewart,' Stokes, Stratton, Tappau, Thayer,
Theaker, Tompkins, Train, Van Wyck, Verree, Wade,
Waldron, Walton, Ellihu B. Washburne, Webster, Weils,
Wmdoin, and Wright—92.
No quorum voted. So the House refused to
adjourn.
During the call,
Mr. FLORENCE said: I have paired off with
my colleague, Mr. Grow, upon all political ques-
tions; and as I am not able to decide whether or
not this is a political question, I decline to vote.
I desire to state further, that I was absent yes-
terday , and was paired off with Mr. Grow, which
is the reason that my name is not upon the roll.
Mr. STOKES stated that Mr. Hatton had
paired off with Mr. McPiierson.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan, stated that Mr.
Morris, of Illinois, had paired offwithMr.WAsii-
burn, of Wisconsin.
Mr. PEYTON said: I am paired off with Mr.
Train; but I do not think that it was the 'inten-
tion that the pair should extend to a call of the
House or to motions to adjourn. Therefore, I
shall vote,and vote "no."
Mr. BURNETT said: Mr. Stevenson, having
been in attendance upon the House, was much
prostrated; and on that account he refused to ad-
dress the House this evening upon the election
case. And for the same reason I suppose he is
not here now.
^ Mr HOWARDfof Michigan,stated that Mr.
Stewart, of Pennsylvania, had paired off with
Mr. Curry.
Mr. MALLORY stated that Mr. Trimble had
paired off with Mr. Moore, of Alabama.
Mr. CRAWFORD stated that Mr. Under-
wood was paired off with Mr. Corwin.
Mr. FRENCH said: My colleague, Mr.
Morse, is unwell, and is paired oft' with Mr.
Garnett. Mr. Cobb, feeling quite unwell some
hours ago, asked me to pair off with him for the
balance of the day; and I granted his request.
Mr. FLORENCE said: Having at length de-
termined that this is not a political question, I
desire to vote, although I am paiied off. I vote
"no."
Mr. MALLORY stated that Mr. Boieler,
having been called home by pressing business,
had paired off with Mr. Junkin.
Mr. BURNHAM stated that his colleague, Mr.
Ferry, had paired off with Mr. Winslow.
Mr. HOUSTON stated that Mr. Etiieridge,
being unwell, had paired off with Mr. Hale.
Mr. ELY stated that Mr. Hoard had gone to
his lodgings sick, and had paired off with Mr.
Stout.
It was a'so announced that Mr. Carter was
paired off with Mr. Smith, of Virginia.
Mr. MOORHEAD stated that lie had paired
off with Mr. Barr.
Mr. HUGH ES. As I have a motion to present
to the House, I will resume the remarks which I
was about to enter upon when I was interrupted
by a call to order.
I had undertaken to say that I was pretty well
advised—and I believe I am—that the Senate is
very likely to concur in the joint resolution passed
by this House to adjourn both Houses of Con-
gress on the 18tii of the present month. It must
be obvious, and perfectly apparent to every one of
us, that if we are to get through our business and
adjourn at the time fixed by this House, the Sen-
ate concurring, we must insist upon the transac-
tion of business for more than the ordinary hours
which we have devoted to it heretofore. I think
I may say that this House of Representativeshas
been more assiduous in the discharge of its duties
than any former House; and I undertake further
to say, that, as a general rule, the country will be
pretty well satisfied with what we have done.
No doubt there have been many acts of omission
and commission which we ought to try to remedy
so far as it is in our power. There is now a condi-
tion of things—and there was a condition of things
two weeks ago—that requires of us extraordi-
nary exertion. I mean that members should have
been here this evening for the transaction of busi-
ness, and that, had there been a quorum here, we
should have proceeded to the transaction of busi-
ness
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. Will the
gentleman from Maryland allow me to say a word?
I cannot sit by and pprmit gentlemen to intimate
that I have obstructed the public business of the
country. I have done no such thing. If it is the
desire of the House to do the public business of
the country, 110 man is more willing to assist in
transacting it than I am. No man is more will-
ill"' to sit here all the time—night and day, if ne-
cessary. What I objected to to-duy, and what!
objected to last Saturday, and time and again be-
fore, was, that gentlemen should get this House
in to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and then go up town and leave about live
members here to convert this Hall into a lecture-
room. If gentlemen desire to deliver lectures, let
them go to the Smithsonian Institution, or else-
where. I have got no objection to that; but as
long as I am a Representative of the American
people I must and will, while I will throw no ob-
stacle in the way of the transaction of the public
business, object to having this House converted
into a lecture-room. _ < ,
Mr. SPINNER. I object to the gentleman
himself making a speech when there is less than,
a quorum present.
Mr. HUGHES. I do not mean to lecture the.
gentleman from North Carolina. There is nomaYi
in this House whom I esteem more highly tha'n I
do him. I was referring to the condition of affairs
here, and the condition of the public business. I
was saying, Mr. Speaker, that, under the exigent
cies of public affairs, we ought to continue in ses-
sion, either in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union or in the House, for the trans-
action of business. And when my friend from
North Carolina makes his point of order, that
there is not a quorum here, I think that then the
House ought to coerce the attendance of members
for the transaction of business. I do not think
my friend from North Carolina has acted in a
factious spirit at all.
Mr. MILLSON. I must rise to a question of
order. If we are to go on and do business at all,
let us go on now with the business of the House.
If we cannot speak, let us vote; and let us determ-
ine whether we are to sit here or not.
Mr. HUGHES. My friend from Virginia has
but anticipated me. I shall move a call of the
House, and I move it with the intention of giving
notice that wo shall instruct the Sergeant-at-Arms
to coerce the attendance of members here for the
transaction of business. I move a call of the
House.
Mr. CURTIS, (at seven o'clock and fifteen min-
utes, p. m.) I move that the House do now ad-
journ.
The question was taken; and the House refused
to adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think there is a quorum
present now. Several gentlemen have come into
the House since the last call of the roll. I un-
derstand that the gentleman from Vermont [Mr.
Morrill] is willing to give way and let us go on
and pass the Post Office appropriation bill. As
the gentleman from Noyth Carolina [Mr. Craige]
is willing to stay for the transaction of business,
I hope we will pursue that course.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. Yes, with
a quorum.
Mr. HOUSTON. I believe it was stated by
the Chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, when the House went into committee,
that he did not expect to take up any business to-
night.
Mr. SHERMAN. I expressly declined to
make any statement of the kind.
Mr. HOUSTON. That was the general un-
derstanding. A good many members hayegone,
and I presume they would not have gone but for
that understanding.
Mr. SHERMAN. I did not so understand
it. I expressly declined to make any such state-
ment.
Mr. BURNETT. Well, certainly, if there is
no quorum present,it is unnecessary to go into the
Committee of the Whole on the stateof theUnion
at all. If we are not to adjourn, we mightas well
go on with the call of the House. [Cries of
"Call the roll!'■]
Mr. BARKSDALE. I hope there will be no
call of the House. These calls of the House are
terrible farces; and I trust that the gentleman will
not insist upon it. If there is a quorum, I am
willing to go into theCommittee of the Whole on
the state of the Union and take up the Post Office
appropriation bill and act upon it. 1 desire very
much to have a quorum here; but gentlemen will
bear me out in the assertion that calls of the House
have heretofore amounted to nothing; and my
opinion is that if this call of the House be or-
dered, it will amount to nothing. If there is a
quorum hero, that fact can be ascertained by or-
dering tellers on the motion to adjourn; and then
I am willing to go into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union and take up the
appropriation bill.
Mr. COLFAX. I wish to state that, while the
gentleman from Vermont was interrupted on the
ground that there was no quorum present, and
not allowed to go on with his speech, nor the
House allowed to go into Committee of the Who!
