26:84
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
on> the state of the Union, a. debate has gone on
here by unanimous consent.
Mr, CftAICrE, of North Carolina. Not by
unanimous consent. It was objected to all over
the House.
The SPEAKER. The business of the House
is a call of the House.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I move to adjourn; and
on that motion I ask for tellers, in order to ascer-
tain whether there is a quorum present.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
Chair- to ascertain by an actual count whether
•there is a quorum, present. If yiere is, I believe
the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Craiqe]
will not object.
Mr. BARKSDALE. My desire is, by calling
for tellers, to ascertain whether there is a quorum
present.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. You can.
only ascertain that provided that all the members
present pass between the tellers.
Mr. BARKSDALE. We can count those who
do not.
Mr. HUGHES. My friend from Mississippi
is out of order, I fancy.
Mr. BARKSDALE. The motion to adjourn
is always in order. I move to adjourn; and on
that motion I ask for tellers.
Mr. COLFAX The motion to  Ijourn was
the last question put.
Mr. RUST. The gentleman from If liana made
a speech since then.
Mr. COLFAX. But there was • o business
done.
Mr. THOMAS. 1 desire suggest that we
adjourn now, with the understanding -hat to-mor-
row, at four o'clock, we take a re:e"s till six.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinoi- Oh, that will
never do.
Mr. HOUSTON called for tellers on the mo-
tion to adjourn.
Tellera were ordered; and Messrs. Rust and
Hickman were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 15, noes 92; no quorum voting.
CALL OF TIIB HOUSE.
The SPEAKER. The question is, Shall there
be a call of the House?
Mr. RUST. Will it be in order to move now
that the House resolve itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union?
'Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. There is no
quorum present; and I object to that.
Mr. COLFAX. I suggest there be a call of the
House; probably at the first call a quorum will
appear, and then we can suspend the call.
The question was taken, and a call of the House
ordered.
The Clerk proceeded to call the roll, and the
following members failed to answer to their names:
Messis. Green Adams, Alley, TIiomaH I.. Andeison,
Sabbat, llarr, Biuret, lilair, (locoek, Bonham, Boteler,
Boyee, Branch, Bnggs, Brown, llmcli, Campbell, Carter,
'Jase, John 11. Clark, Clemens, Cobb, Clark li. Cochrane,
John Cochrane, Conkling, Convm, Covotle, Cox, James
(Jraig, Curry, Davidson, John G Davis--, Reuben Davis,
I>e Jarnette, DuclJ, Dunn, Edmundson, Edwards, Eliot,
English, Ethcridge, Faruswortli, Kenton, Ferry, Garnett,
Gilmer, Grow, Hale, Hall, Hamilton, J. Morrison Ham*,
Haskin, Hatton, Hawkins, Hill, llindman, Hoard, Hol-
man, Hutcliins, Irvine, Jackson, Jenkins, Jones. Junkm,
Keitt, William Kellogg, Kilgore, Kallmger, Kunkel, l.ar-
raboe, James M Leaeli, Leake, Longnecker, l.ove, Mac-
lay, Mamon, Elbert Maithl, MeClcrnjnd, McPhert-on,
Mctineen, Mclt.ie, Miles, Montgomery, Labati T, Moore,
Sydenham Moore, Isaac N. Moms, Morse, Niblaek,Noell,
Olili, Palmer, Pettit, Phelps, Pottei, 1'ryor, Pugh, CHiarles,
Reagan, Riggs, James C. Kobinson,Seott, Scranton, Sedg-
wick, Simiiis, Singleton, William Smith, Somes, Steven-
son, William Stewart,Trimble, Underwood, Vance, Van-
lever, Oadwaladcr C. Washburn, fsiael Washbnrn, Win?-
low, Wood, Woodruff, and Woodson,
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. Colfax in
the chair) annnounced that one hundred and six-
teen members had answered to their names.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
announce that the gentleman from Wisconsin,
Mr. Washburn, is confined to liis room by
sickness.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to state, for the pur-
pose of accounting for the absence of Mr. Mont-
gomery, that I have paired off with him.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to state to the
House that nay speech- which has not yet been
completed, has been so long in gestation that I
presume the House will be glad to see the Cesarean
operation completed. I therefore say that I shall
occupy no more of the time of the House with it,
but will print the remainder, if there be no objec-
tion.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair hears
no objection.
[Mr. Morrill's speech will be published in the
Appendix.]
Mr. PEYTON. It is evident that no quorum
is here. I think the House had better adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope not, unless it shall
be the pleasure of the committee that we shall
hold an evening session to-morrow night.
Mr. PEYTON. I am perfectly ready, so far
as I am concerned, to sit here to-night; but it is
evident to me that we shall do no business by re-
maining here. Gentlemen will only weary them-
selves without accomplishing gny good purpose.
If icis the pleasure of the House to sit every night
from now to the 18th of June, I am perfectly
willing.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to give notice that
there is a special order for to-morrow; but that as
soon as I can get the House to go into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, for
the disposition of the balance of tho appropriation
bills, I shall do so; and that, for one, I will not
consent that the committee shall rise until they
shall have been disposed of.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I will suggest to the gen-
tleman from Ohio that it will be better to take a
recess from four o'clock until half past seven
o'clock.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask tho consent of the
House to submit a resolution that it shall be in
order, after to-day, to take a recess until seven
o'clock, p. m., on each day.
Mr. BOULIGNY. I wanttheabsenteesbrought
here. I move that they be brought into the House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair de-
sires to inquire if there be any objection to the
proposition of the gentleman from Ohio ?
Mr. SICKLES. I cannot consent to that prop-
osition when no quorum is present.
Mr. SHERMAN. Well, I give notice that I
shall make no further efforts to press the appro-
priation bills until the House manifests some dis-
position to go to work.
Mr. PEYTON. I submit the motion that the
House do now adjourn.
Tho motion was disagreed to.
In continuation of the execution of tho order
that there be a call of the House,
The SPEAKER pro tempore ordered the doors
to bo closcd, and the names of the absentees to be
called for excuses.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move that all further pro-
ceedings in the call be dispensed with.
The motion was not agreed to.
The absentees were then called, as follows:
Green Adams. No excuse offered.
John B. Alley. No excuse offered.
Thomas L. Anderson. No excuse offered.
Elijah Babbitt. No excuse offered.
Thomas J. Barr. No excuse offered.
J. R. Bauret. No excuse offered.
Samuel S. Blair. No excuse offered.
Thomas S. Bocock. No excuse offered.
Milledge L. Bonham. No excuse offered.
Alexander R. Boteler.
Mr. BURNETT. I ask that the Chair shall
insist on the execution of the order of the House,
which requires that the doors shall be closcd. I
see gentlemen constantly going out. If that is to
be permitted as to any, we would all of us be
glad of the opportunity.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair can
only direct that the rule be enforced. Ho has so
directed the Doorkeeper.
Mr. McKNIGIiT. I desire to state that Mr.
Babbitt is confincd to his room by indisposition.
I move that he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I move that my colleague,
Mr. Schwartz, who is present, be excused from
further attendance upon the session of the House
for to-day. It is well known to the House that
ho is seriously indisposed, and not able to attend
these protracted sessions.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask that Mr. Boteler be
excused. He has been called home to attend to
important business. He informed me that he
was compelled to attend a suit in which his in-
terests were largely involved, and that it was ab-
solutely necessary that he should be there. 1
believe such excuses have been accepted hereto-
fore, and I hope Mr. Boteler will be excused.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. There is im-
portant business of the country here, which I
submit demands his first attention.
The motion to excuse Mr. Boteler was not
agreed to. *
William W. Boyce. No excuse offered.
Lawrence O'B. Branch. No excuse offered.
George Briggs. No excuse offered.
Francis M. Bristow. No excuse offered.
John Y. Brown. No excuse offered.
John C. Burcii. No excuse offere,d.
James H. Campbell. No excuse offered.
Luther C. Carter.
Mr. ASHLEY. Mr. Carter desired mo to
state that he was so unwell that he could not sit
here, and that ho had paired off with Mr. Smith,
of Virginia. It is well known that Mr. Carter
is an old gentleman, and has been here all day.
I move that ho be excused.
The motion was not agreed to.
Charles Case. No excuse offered.
John B. Clark. No excuse offered.
Siierrard Clemens.
Mr. THEAKER. It is well known that Mr.
Clemens is sick. I move that he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Williamson R. W. Core.
Mr. FRENCH. I will say that Mr. Cobb
stated to me to-day that he was too unwell to re-
main here, and at his request I consented to pair
off with him. I hope tho House.will excuse him.
Gentlemen well know that Mr. Cobb is very con-
stant in his attendance on the business of the
House when legislation is to be done. I move
that lie be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Clark B. Cochrane.
Mr. REYNOLDS. My colleague [Mr. Coch-
rane] has been absent the greater portion of the
session, and has gone home by the advice of his
physician. I move that lie be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Roscoe Conkling. No excuse offered.
Tiiomas Corwin.
Mr. BUTTERFIELD. I state that Mr. Cor-
win is unwell, and move that he bo excused.
The motion was agreed to.
John Covode. No excuse offered.
Samuel S. Cox. No excuse offered.
James Craig. No excuse offered.
Jabez L. M. Curry.
Mr. CLOPTON. I da not know why my col-
league left here to-day. I know, however, that
Mr. Curry is expected.
Mr. HOUSTON. My colleague told me to-day
ihat ono of his children was dangerously sick,
and I have no doubt it is that which now keeps
him away from the House. I move, therefore,
that he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Thomas G. Davidson.
Mr. LANDRUM. Mr. Davidson mentioned
to me that lie was not well enough to sit out a
protracted session. He is paired with Mr. Case,
of Indiana; and when he left I understood it was
in eonsequencc of not being very well. I move,
therefore, that he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
John G. Davis. No excuse offered.
Reuben Davis.
Mr. BARKSDALE. My colleague, Mr. Da-
vis, is confined to his room by sickness. He is
scarcely able to be here in day time. I move,
therefore, that he be excused. I know there can
be no objection to my motion.
Tho motion was agreed to.
Daniel C. De .Tarm.tte. No excuse offered.
R. Holland Duell. No excuse offered.
W. McKee Dunn. No excuse offered.
Henry A. Edmundson. No excuse offered.
Thomas M. Edwards.
Mr. TAPPAN. My colleague, Mr. Edwards,
has been in the House all day until within half
an hour from this time. He has been suffering
from severe illness, and I therefore move that he
be excused.
Tho motion was agreed to.
Thomas D. Eliot. No excuse offered.
