I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
299
36th Cong....1st Sess. Mutual Interest of the Farmer and Mamifacfurer—Mr. Trimble.
Ho. of Reps.
tojinglo in the pockets of the " hard-fisted yeo-
manry " of the land. But it somehow happens
that nearly all of the Democratic States of the
Union have found some sort of uncontrollable,
unexplainable necessity for continuing the manu-
facture of bank rags. The masses of the party
have exhibited wonderful patience in not having
demanded from their leaders the ushering in of
this millennium of free trade and hard money. If
they are satisfied, I will not complain, though I
would like to see that good time come; for I have
no great love for banks or their rags, and shall hail
the period when this uncontrollable Democratic
necessity for their existence shall cease. So long,
however, as wecontinue to send out of the country,
as we are now doing under the present tariff, over
sixty million of com per year, to pay for goods that
we ought to manufacture at home, I shall despair of
ever seeing that happy period. Now, sir, if works
ar^the test of faith, it will hardly be considered
unfair to concludc that these Democratic promises
of hard money and free trade, so long waiting ful-
fillment, are only cant phrases with which to gull
the simple. I will not find fault with those who
use them; like all other theories, if they possess
practical value, time, and the good sense of the
people, will make them available.
As practical legislators, we must take things as
we find them. We have always had a tariff, and
probably always will have one, at least during
our day. The only question, then, for us to de-
termine is, whether a state of things has not been
reached which will bring these opposing theorists
upon the subject of the tariff to a harmony of
action that will prove satisfactory to both and
beneficial to the country. All admit that our pres-
ent tariff, even with vastly increased importa-
tions, does not afford sufficient revenue, and that
$47,500,000 have been borrowed in the last three
years to meet the deficiency. It is equally well
known that its ad valorem duties and warehousing
system have proved destructive to the most import-
ant manufacturing interests of the country. If,
then, the increased expenditures of the Govern-
ment, and the liquidation of the public debt, shall
require a tariff thai will afford all the protection
the industrial interests of the country need,where
is the difficulty in adjusting this matter? The free
trader is offered, in a tariff for revenue, the com-
promise he is willing to make with his theory;
and the protectionistgets all he wants, and should,
therefore, be satisfied.
As to the present warehousing system, and the
proposed change from ad valorem to specific duties,
there can hardly be much difference of opinion.
The manifest injustice of the former, not only to
our importers and merchants, but to our manu-
facturers, surely demands some reform. There
can be no interest of any class which can justify the
Government in becoming a commission merchant
for foreign manufacturers. To hire houses at high
rates for the storage of their goods a whole year
without charge, without the payment of duties
until the goods are removed, or interest on the
amount of duty, is a liberality I cannot approve,
especially as it operates to the injury of my own
constituents. As an example of its workings:
a manufacturer from my distiict ships ins iron to
Cleveland: the price is low, the market dull, and
as he cannot sell without a loss, he stores it with
the commission merchant. An English manufac-
turer ships his iron to the same place, finds the
market bad, but thinks a year hence it may be
better, and he, too, stores—but where? A cus-
tom-house oilirer very kindly steps forward, and
says to Mr. Englishman: I will take charge of
your iron, store it in a Government warehouse,
keep it a year without any charge, and when the
iron is removed, you can pay the duty without
interest. The Ohio manufacturer pays storage,
and a commission to his merchant; the English
manufacturer pays neither. The first must have
money; and if advances can be obtained on his
iron at ten and twelve per cent., he thinks him-
self fortunate; the latter, if he needs to borrow,
gets his at three per cent. Is it any wonder that
my constituent should be driven from the market
by such a competition as this, or that his neigh-
bors should sympathize with him when they know
that the money which he gets for his iron is all
expended among them, whilst probably nine tenths
of the Englishman's is carried out of the country
in coin. Such is the operation of this law in most
instances, when the imported article comes in
competition with the home manufacture. The only
advantage in the system is to the foreign importer,
and at the expenseoftheGovernmentandour own
citizens. *
The gross frauds practiced upon the honest
merchant and importer, and upon the Govern-
ment, under the ad valorems of the present tariff—
if there were no other objection—should induce
a change to specific duties wherever practicable.
The character and extent of these frauds have
been exposed to the country,and to both Houses
of Congress, time and again. By means of false
invoices and a system of smuggling, the Govern-
ment has not only been robbed of millions of rev-
enue, but the honorable and honest importing
merchant has been driven from the trade.
I will not repeat what has already been said
upon this subject. The table furnished to the com-
mittee by Mr. Morrill should convince any one
of the necessity of putting a stop to these enor-
mous evils. In the last four years, our custom-
house returns of French goods show $148,639,293,
while the French returns show §286,351,972—a
difference of $137,712,679. A duty of thirty per
cent, on this sum exhibits a loss to the revenue
of the Government of over $41)000,000 in four
years on French goods alone. The difference in
the duty on goods at their actual cost and the
value given in the folse invoice, would, of itself,
be a handsome profit. It is not surprising, then,
that the honest importer has abandoned the busi-
ness to dishonest and unscrupulous men and the
factors and agents of foreigners.
But, sir, there are other objections. Probably
no other provision of the tariff of 1857 has in-
flicted greater injury upon the American manu-
facturer, or been so universally condemned. Mr.
Webster said of ad valorems, when discussing the
tariff of 181G:
cc All the industry of the land is against it; the manufac-
turer'? are agam>t it; the importer-, meagamj-t it; the ship-
owners aie asain^t it; no man cries God save it; it is
against the sentiment of the land."
This, sir, expresses the sentiment of the land
now—all are against it, for all are injured by it.
Indeed, a more effectual system could not be de-
vised for breaking down our own manufactures
and protecting the foreign. Tho duty increas-
ing as the price of an article advances, and fall-
ing as the price declines, it necessarily happens
that when ourmanufacturers most need protection
they have it least.
Pig iron at $40 per ton, under the present ad
valorem duty of twenty-four per cent., would yield
£9 60; at £>20 per ton, a duty of $4 80. Now, it
costs m my district to make a ton of pig iron and
place it on the Ohio river, the chief point of sale
and shipment, all of $25. When the article is at
or below this price, the manufacturer must lose
money; and if, from any cause, such price should
long be maintained, he must necessarily stop
work. Should the piicc advance much beyond
$25 per ton, he then has a protection which is not
needed, for he is satisfied with $30 per ton, and
can do well at even a less price, when piovisions
and labor aie procured at average rates. Every
manufacturing interest into which the consump-
tion of iron enters in any one of its many forms,
though not to the same extent, must be affected
injuriously by these frequent fluctuations. All
that is asked in the bill now before the House is
a fixed duty of ^6 per ton. This is only sixty-
five cents per ton more than the average of the
duty for the five years preceding June 30, 1857;
but, as a fixed duty, it guards the manufacturer
against instability, and a depressed market from
excessive importations.
Every farmer has felt the ill effects of frequent
changes in the price of his commodities, and there
are few who would not prefer the sure gam of a
permanentand moderate price to the risk of greater
gam by frequent fluctuations. Reguhuity in piice
and demand is of equal importance to the manu-
facturer; but stability in the tariff laws—which,
to a great extent, control importations—is abso-
lutely indispensable. Without such stability, all
manufacturing enterprise will be checked; and
those now engaged in the business must continue
it in hopeless doubt and uncertainty. Let the pol-
icy be settled and duties be made specific wherever
practicable. If they should be fixed so lowas to
preclude the possibility of the American manufac-
turers competing successfully with the foreign^
they can but stop work, dismantle theirfactories,
discharge their thousands of laborers, and go into
liquidation.
But, Mr. Chairman, since it is admitted that
the tariff of 1857 does not give sufficient revenue
to meet the wants of the Government, and that its
ad valorems and warehouse system are ruinous to
some branches of our national industry, I can but
hope that we may be able to agree upon some
measure better suited to the exigencies of the Grov-
ernment and of the country.
Though I am a protectionist of the Henry
Clay school,from observation and reflection,and
twenty-five yeais' teaching of that firm and con-
sistent and able defender of American industry—
the National Intelligencer—yet I amnotdisposed
toquibble abouttheprinciple ortliemodeby which
the producing and manufacturing interests of the
country are secured. Whether by protection;^ se,
or protection incidental, or partial free trade, it
matters not. With equal pleasure will my sup-
port be given to any measuie which I can feel as-
sured will accomplish the end, and especially if it
will rekindle the fires in the iron establishments
of my district, an,d inspire confidence in the thou-
sands who labor in them, that in the future their
bread shall be sure.
The district which I have the honor to represent
is deeply interested in this subject; and I now
propose, Mr. Chairman, to show how that inter-
est arises.
Whilst one portion of the district is unsurpassed
in feitibty of soil and other agricultural advant-
ages, another portion is rich in coal and iron ore.
The census returns of 1850 showed the county in
which I reside to be the largest food-producing
county in the United States. Two other counties
fall behind this one only because of the smaller
proportion of farming land. Lying alongside of
these rich lands were large tracts of country,
which were regarded, only a few years since, as
almost valueless, being too poor and broken for
cultivation, and too inaccessible and distant from
any outlet for mining; but by means of railroads,
these iron and coal fields have been made acces-
sible and brought into connection with other chan-
nels of communication, that afford access to mar-
kets East, West, North,and South. That which
was worthless has thus not only become valuable
in itself, but instrumental, also, in giving increased
value to all other property.
In this district alone there are now 35 iron fur-
naces, 13 founderies, 5 extensive lolhng-nulls, 1
nail factory, and ] brass foundery; in adjoining
counties there are 10 other furnaces: and in Ken-
tucky, directly opposite, there are 17 furnaces, 20
iron founderies, 5 rolling-mills, and 1 nail factory
— making altogether 98 iron establishments m a
circuit of not over sixty miles. From statistical
tables annually corrected and published in the city
of Portsmouth, I find that these G2 furnaces aver-
age 2,500 tons of pig iron each, making a total
of 155,000 tons; which, at §30 per ton, will give
the large sum of $4,(150,000. The average num-
ber of hands employed in each is 100, and the
wages paid $55 per month; making $1,860,000
annually paid for labor. The consumption of corn
is 15,000- bushels each; which, at 50 cents,
amounts to §4G5.000. There is expended for flour,
allowing six and a half barrels to each family of
five persons, and at §6 per barrel, $241,800; and
for bacon, beef, and pork, allowing 300 pounds to
the family, at 10 cents, the sum of $186,000.
The average of dry goods, groteiies, hardware,
queeriRwarc, and clothes, sold at ench furnace, is
£,20,000; making the entire sales §1,240,000. If
to the number of laborers employed m the 62
] furnaces we add those of the 36 other establish-
j ments, allowing only 50 to each, we have the
j number of 8,000 men thus engaged in the manu-
facture of iron, and not less than 40.000 souls de-
pendent upon this one interest for food and rai-
ment. Taking the furnace statistics as a basis,
we will have $124,200 to add to the sum expended
for flour and meats; and estimating $100 as the
outlay of each family for goods, wares, clothing,
and groceries, the gross sum of $180,000 must be
added to the sales of the merchant. There is,
then, annually disbursed by the manufacturers of
