722
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
interest is an ample allowance for damages to any
man having a claim against this Government. It
is more than you give half your claimants. But
because there has laeen a fault committed in Con-
gress—if you call it afault—occasion is to be taken
of that to -make, a grand raid upon the Treasury
of the United States, on the pretense of damages.
Sir, I know it is very easy to beset Congress, and
say all these things. It is easy to say that this is
an unjust Government. My official connection
with it will very soon end; but I declare, upon
my experience of four years here, that it is the
most liberal Government, in the payment of claims,
that there is on the face of the earth; that two
thirds of the claims which this Government pays
have no foundation either in law or in equity,
they are mere acts of generosity. This Govern-
ment has never scaled the interest on her debts:
she has paid 011 them dollar for dollar.. I do not
like my friend from California to intimate that
those of us who intend to vote for the amendment
of the Finance Committee are standing here to
take advantage of the hardships of the creditors
of the Government, to compel them to submit to
an unjust demand. We are paying them all that
they are entitled to by law or by equity, and it is
all that I will vote to pay them, now or here-
after.
Mr. GREEN. The immediate question before
the Senate 011 the amendment of the Senator from
Florida, is not the question of the amount of dam-
ages sustained by the contractors; but as the Sen-
ator from Ohio refers to it, I will make him a little
reply on that point. Is six per cent, just upon a
debt due ? We will take that for granted, for that
is the common judgment of the Senate. The
other question of damages, I say, ought to be left
alone; and the Senate and Congress have no right
arbitrarily to preclude the contractors from coin-
ing before Congress hereafter and asserting their
demand for more.
Mr. PUGH. Do I understand the Senator to
make two claims, one for interest and one for
damages ?
Mr. GREEN. I do understand myself to say,
that this Senate, this Finance Committee, or this
Postmaster General, or all combined, have 110
right arbitrarily to say what damages the con-
tractors have sustained; yet, by this amendment,
you undertake to do it.
Mr. RICE. Then, why not leave out the in-
terest, and leave the question of damages to be
settled hereafter?
Mr. GREEN. That is just what the contractors
want, to leave out interest, damages, and all, in
this bill.
Mr. RICE. The contractors in my country
will bg satisfied if they get the amount due them
with interest; and they ought to be everywhere.
Give them that, and let them go home and attend
to their own affairs.
Mr. GREEN. All that I have to say, in reply
to the Senator from Minnesota, is that, so far as
I am concerned, the contractors are not satisfied.
1 have not seen the bankers, the assignees, and
the purchasers of this scrip.
Mr. RICE. We have .nothing to do with those
gentlemen. We have nothing to do with the as-
signees; we have nothing to do with sub-contract-
ors; we have to do simply with the contractors
themselves, or rather with them through the Post
Office Department. Letusmake the appropriation
as we would to pay any other deficiency, and let
the Department, under the law, settle with the
contractors; and if the law allows interest, it gives
the Postmaster General that much more latitude
to satisfy them.
Mr. GREEN. That satisfies me precisely; but
that is just the opposite of what this amendment
is, and I want to strike out tins proviso, because
it precludes that very thing.
Mr. RICE. '[ do not so understand it.
Mr. GREEN. Yes, sir, it does. The Post-
master General, to give credit to these certificates
of indebtedness, published to the world that they
would be promptly paid when Congress met, and <
we are now making an appropriation to pay them. '
The principal sum, the chairman of the Commit- I
tee on Finance says, ought to go to the assignees !
of the contractors; but then he puts in a proviso 1
which the Senator from Minnesota sustains, pre- 1
eluding the possibility of the interest being paid :
to the assignees. Is that just? Now, I sjty, strike
out that proviso, and leave it to be adjusted upon
principles of equity. That is the ground that I
take. I do not nay who is entitled to the interest,
I do not say who is entitled to the principal; but
if you permit and wink at and countenance the
assignment of the certificates of indebtedness, and
sustain the right of tile assignee to the principal
sum, the same right of contract demands that you
should sustain his right to the interest accruing
upon that principal sum.
The Senator from Ohio says that six per cent,
is as much damage as ought to be allowed m any
case. Ordinarily, that is true; but 1 do not want
to go into the question as to the amount of dam-
age that ought to be allowed. I say it is mean
and contemptible in the Senate to say to a cred-
itor whom we owe, and who has been performing
serviccfor our credit, " You shall give up all claim
and demand 011 a certain rate that we fix without
your consent." We ought not to say it. I do
not pretend to say how much damage they ought
to have.
Mr. RICE. It is left to the creditor not to take
it Unless he chooses.
Mr. GREEN. So it is left to the creditors
when you say they are clamorous to get. their
money. Suppose the Senator from Minnesota
and I had a contract, and one or the other should
violate it, and I should fix the rate of indemnity
to be paid, and say, " I will never pay a dollar
unless you accept my estimate of the damage
sustained."
Mr. JOHNSON of Arkansas. I wish to fur-
nish the Senator with another argument in his
favor which I think he has overlooked. Does he
not know, as well as every other Senator 111 this
body, that whilst we are proposing to give six
per cent, interest, every one who took a contract
calculated at least to make twenty-five per cent.,
and that it is outrageous to take away this other
six per cent., whilst the real working men them-
selves have never considered it of any conse-
quence at all, except to get their money imme-
diately?
Mr. GREEN. That is true; and there is one
point in the same connection: if they had stopped
performing the service and said, " We refuse to
go on, because the Government fails to pay us
according to contract," they would have had one
month's additional pay for doing nothing. That
would have been eight per cent., and yet you say
you will only pay them six. I do not say how
much they should have; I do not know; I will
not go into the question; but I say it is mean to
undertake to prescribe to them that they shall give
an acquittance on terms that we stipulate without
consulting them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment to the amendment offered
by the Senator from Florida, which is to strike
out of the proviso the words " that such interest
shall be payable only to the contractors them-
selves."
Mr. GREEN called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. RICE. I should like to ask the Senator
from Missouri if the sub-Treasury law and other
laws do not point out to heads of Departments
here the manner in which they shall pay out all
money appropriated by Congress to the creditors
of the United States? Are they not sufficient for
their government? Must we here load down a
bill of this kind with provisions as to that matter?
Are we to step in and interfere between contract-
ors and their assignees? Are there not already
laws sufficient to protect the honest creditors of
the Government, without our meddling with the
matter >
Mr. GREEN. That is exactly what I am for;
and therefore 1 am in favor of striking out this
proviso. The proviso says they shall not do it
except 111 a certain way. I say, leave it as the gen-
eral law is. The Senator and myself agree in prin-
ciple; but the language oi the proviso does not
agree with our opinions. I am voting to leave it
as you express yourself.
Mr. RICE. Leave it to the Department.
Mr. GREEN. Yes; I propose to leave it to the
Deportment.
Mr. RICE. That is right.
Mr. GREEN. This proviso precludes the De-
partment from that privilege, and that is the reason
I am going to vote to strike it out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Florida
to the amendment; on which the yeas and nays
have been ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll, and
Mr. Anthony responded.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I should bp glad
to hear the Senator from Virginia express himself
on this question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Debate is not
in order. The call of the roll has commenced,
and one Senator has answered.
The Secretary continued the calling of the roll.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, when his name
was called, said: I really am not satisfied how to
vote on this question. I find that the Senator from
Vnginia [Mr. Hunter] votes m the negative.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not in
order to discuss the question at this time.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Then my con-
fidence is so great in that gentleman, that I shall
certainly vote " nay" with him.
The Secretary continued the call of the roll; and
the result was announced—yeas 17, nays 30; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bragg, Dixon, Durkee, Fitch,
Foster, Green, Ilaun, Johnson ot Tennessee, Kennedy,
Mallory, Nicholson, Rice, Saul*.bury; Sebastian, Simmons,
and Wilkinson—IT.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Benjamin, Bigler, Bingham,
Chandlei, Chesnut, Clark, Clay, Chngmdn, CoJlamer. Crit-
tenden, Doohttle, Fessenden, Fitzpatriek, Gi'mes. Gwin,
Harlan, Hunter, Johnson of Aikansas, King, Lane. Mas>on,
Pearee, Powell, Pugn. Siideil, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Toombs,
Wade, Wigfatl, and Wilson—30.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. GREEN. I now ask for the yeas and nays
on the question of agreeing to the proviso reported
by the committee. 1 regard it as a very objection-
able measure. I have given my views on it already,
and I will not detain theSenateby repeating them,
['• Let us have a division.},j I am not satisfied
with a mere division, because I want Senators to
put themselves on the record upon this question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring in the amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole, te add to the third section
the following proviso: *
Provided, That such interest shall be payable only to the
eontiacioi-? llioiu-selvut.: and the same is heiebj declared
to be in lull ot ail damages by icason of failure or delav in
paj merit; and the same shall be receipted foi according!} ;
but no interest tdiall be allowed on payments fur the hi-1
quarter, ending tho iJl.st of December, 1S59.
Mr. GREEN. I desire the yeas and nays upon
that.
The yeas and nays were ordered; und, being
taken, resulted—yeas 36, nays 13; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Bajard, Benjamin, Bigler. Bingham,
Bright, Blown, Chandler, Claik, Clay, O'ingman, Colla-
mer. Crittenden, Doohttie, Durkee, Fessendeu, Fitch. Fitz-
patriek, Grimes,'Gwm,Harlan, Hemphill, Hunter, Johnson
of Arkan'-a^, Km , Lane, Mason, Peatce, Powell. Pugh,
Slideil, Sumner, Ten E\ek, Toomb>, Wade, Wigiall, and
Wilson—33.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Biagg, Dixon, Foster,Green,
Haun, Johnson of Tenne^e;', Kennedy, N.choldoii, Itico,
Saulsbury, Simmons, and Wdk.nson—13.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment made as in Committee
of the Whole was to add, as a new section:
And be it further enacted, That the Superintendent of the
Public Printing be required to procure the printing of the
post office blanks by contract, after thirty days.5 public no-
rice, and to award such contract, for the usual period of
Post Office contracts, to the bidder who offers to print the
said blanks at the greatest per centum deduction tiom the
prices authorized to be paid by law lor the printing of the
Executive Departments-.; and that all law-- or paits of laws
now in fore/', in relation to the printing of post bills or post
olfiec blanks, be, and the same are heiebj, repealed.
The amendment was concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If no further
amendment be proposed, the question will be on
ordering the amendment to be engrossed and the
bill to be read the third time.
Mr. HUNTER. I believe there is another
amendment remaining to be voted upon—one
which was offered by the Committee on Ffhance,
relative to the abolition of the franking privilege.
Mr. TOOMBS. If that amendment is now be-
fore the Senate, I shall move to amend it by strik-
ing out all after the word "enacted," undinswt-
ing a substitute.
Mr. HUNTER. I believe I was mistaken. That
original amendment does not come up, as it waa
not agreed to in Committee of the Whole; and
the Senator will have to move his amendment as
an independent proposition
