300
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 5,
36th Cong.... 1st Sess. Mutual Interest of the Farmer and Manufacturer—Mr. Trimble.
Ho. of Reps.
iron, in this small compass of sixty miles, for
labor and farm products, and the goods and wares
of the merchant, the sum of $5,306,678.
The importance of this branch of industry to
that portion of the West, and especially to the
farmers of my district, can be readily understood.
The consumer and producer were here brought
alongside of each other. A certain and safe mar-
ket was established for all the products of the farm,
lands increased in value, and the farmer became
richer because of his proximity to the furnace. A
reciprocalinterestawakenedacommon sympathy,
for the prosperity or the adversity of the one is
felt by the other; and thus we see it now. A scene
of animation has been changed to one of gloom.
Some of these furnaces have closed up, many are
on half work, and all, sooner or later, must break
down under the ruinous policy of the present
tariff. All alike, if not to the same extent, have
felt the effect of this change; and the memorials,
therefore, which have been laid upon your Clerk's
table by the score, came not from the laborer and
mechanic and manufacturer alone, but from the
farmer and merchant and professional man, with-
out distinction of party. They all join in peti-
tioning Congress, not for high duties, not for
protection against competition, but simply for a
specific in place of an ad valorevi duty. Give to
our iron men a moderate and permanent specific
duty, and relief from the unjust discrimination
against them in the present warehouse system,
and they ask no more. They will prove, in less
than five years, as has been done before, that under
a moderate and stable tariff they will cheapen iron
to the consumer. In every instance where the
duty imposed on a foreign article has been such
as to stimulate competition, and not destroy it,
between the home and foreign manufacturer, as
well as between the home manufacturers them-
selves, the result has been firmly to establish the
manufacture and cheapen the article. But I will
not go into a discussion of this, as I desire to
direct attention to another branch of this sub-
ject.
We have here, Mr. Chairman, a forcible dem-
onstration of the necessity of bringing the plow,
the loom,and the anvil together. This necessity
must continue to exist, and every year become
more urgent, throughout the whole of the great
West. With such a vast extent of fertile soil, if
fully worked, she could feed n world. Rut where
is to be the market for her vustsurplus ? England
will not want it, nor France, nor any other coun-
try, unless gaunt famine should cause a tempo-
rary demand. Though we have so assiduously,
and at such vast expense, sought consumers for
oar surplus products all over the world, yet but
a very small proportion finds its way out of our
own country. A comparative statement, made
from official records of the; exports from the
United States and my own State, of agricultural
products, will illustrate the value of the home
market and the worthlessness of the foreign. In
the report of the Secretary of the Treasury for
1859, we find the following table of the exports
of agricultural products:
Of Vegetables.
Wheat !  $=2,819,192
F)mit  14,4153,591
Indian corn..  1,323,103
Indian meal  995,*>G9
Rye meal  60,786
Itye. oats, and othei giain...  1,181.170
Potatoes  284,111
Apples .  99,803
Onions  ]0G.6l>9
Spirits  1,233,nil
22,550,003
Of vfln imals.
Beef .$2,188.05(3
Tailow -  712,551
rattle  1.345.0.38
I.utter    '750,yi'2
Ohocse      .**  649,301
Pork  3,355,746
Hams and bacon  1,263,042
Laid  3,268.406
Hogs  550^875
Wool  355.563
Hones  290.250
SlitM-p      41,183
  14,770,942
$37,320,247
E. D. Mansfield, commissioner of statistics of
Ohio, gives the following table of exports from
the State, for 1858:
Flour and wheat $11,111,518
Other grains      1,750,000
Beef and cattle    6,165,551
Pork, laid, lard oil, and hogs, deducting 300,0U0
for Indiana and Kentucky hogs  13,885,302
Butter, cheese, tallow, and grease   1.734.382
Whisky  5,109,953
Wool  2,649,466
Apples, eggs, oil cake. &c  800,000
Articles manufactured from products of agricul-
ture, candles, soap, &c  3,000.000
Hor us, 7,400  740,000
Sheep, 120,000  400,000
$46,476,172
These tables show at a glance the difference in
the export of the same articles of western farm
products by the United States and the State of
Ohio. They are not for the same years, one be-
ing for 1858, and the other for 1859; but I am well
assured that the aggregate exports of 1859 from
the State were larger than they were in 1858. And
what is the fact revealed in these tables? It may
appearincrcdible, yetitistrue,thatOhio,in 1859,
furnished a larger amount of such western prod-
ucts as are specified in these tables than was ex-
ported from the United States. This important
fact is not exhibited merely for the purpose of
showing the resources of the State of Ohio, or to
make the impression that the exports of provisions
from the United States had not heretofore, or may
not again, exceed that of 1859. In 1858, over
fifty million dollars in food were exported, and in
1856 and 1857, over seventy millions; but these
facts only go to show that the foreign market is
uncertain as well as insufficient.
But I add further, in illustration. The whole
amount of wheat and flour, reducing the latter to
bushels, exported from this country in 1859 was
less than 5,500,000; whilst Buffalo, one of our
lake towns, forwarded eastward in the same year
16,319,779, and of other grains 5,144,527 bushels.
And this year, too, exhibits a failing off from the
shipments of former years in consequence of di-
version to other routes of some 15,000,000 bushels.
Still this one port on an interior lake forwarded
for western farmers to an eastern market more
than three times as much grain as was exported
by the United States. The entire commerce of the
United States, including exports and imports, is
something over $650,500,000; whilst that of our
northern lakes alone is probably over $400,000,000;
and the internal trade of all the States not less
than §8,000,000,000. In a most elaborate report
made by Mr. Andrews to the Secretary of the
Treasury in 1852, the internal trade of the United
States was estimated at $5,000,000,000; it has
greatly increased since that time, and doubtless
reached the above enormous sum. But why mul-
tiply examples? The entire statistics of the country
exhibit the disparity between the production and
the foreign export of western products. Ohio is
but a small part of the great West, and Buffalo is
only one of the many forwarding points on the
numerous lines of transport for western produce.
Western Virginia, Kentucky, Tennessee, Mis-
souri, Iowa, Indiana, Illinois, Wisconsin, and
Michigan are all alike prolific, and have a vast
surplus to be disposed of. Where docs it go ?
Who consumes it? The cotton and sugarplantcrs
of the South take a part, but much the larger part
is consumed in the northern and eastern Stales, in
the large cities, in the manufactories, and in the
whaling and fishing vessels of New England.
It must be evident to every sane man that it is
perfectly chimerical to think of finding abroad a
market for the immense surplus of the grain-grow-
ing and stock-raising States of the West. Our
surest and best and only market is at home; and
whenever you break down the manufacturing in-
terests of the country, by unjust discriminations
against thorn, through your tariff laws, you also
cripple its agriculture, and impoverish every
farmer in the land. Our western farmers and
business men are eminently practical. They ana-
lyze theories, test systems of policy and the oper-
ations of law by a common-sense scrutiny that is
not easily deceived. Practical demonstration is
with them the true test of all theories. And in this
way they have learned that they sell highest when
they sell at home, and buy cheapest where they
can pay easiest, A few years since, large quan-
tities of corn were shipped from my district to
eastern distilleries and starch factories. The
price was rarely over twenty-five cents, and oftener
underthat. Now, nota bushel is shipped. Why?
Because iron manufactories, starch factories, and
distilleries have been erected at our own doors,
and consume all, and more than all, the surplus
of our farmers. The price now is rarely under
forty cents, and during the last two years has
averaged sixty cents per bushel. This is a dem-
onstration easily understood. He must be a dull
man who cannot see that the aggregate wealth of
this region is greatly increased by the change,
and that the mechanic, and laborer, and trades-
man, and farmer, arc all alike benefited. Instead
ofdestroyingthesemanufacturingestablishments,
and going back to the old system of exporting
our products, every farmer would hail with as
much pleasure as any other citizen the erection
of other factories in every town and village of
the district. All would expect to see flow from
them increased wealth and prosperity; for such
are always the results of bringing the consumer
and producer near to each other.
It will not do, at least in my district, to tell our
farmers that the foreign is better than the home
market. It will not do to cry out against the op-
pressions of the tariff, to denounce it as a device
to enrich a few large manufacturers at the expense
of the million, and to descant upon the beauties
and blessings of free trade and direct taxation.
They understand very well that free trade jneans
British monopoly, and direct taxation putting your
hand into your pocket and paying taxes to the
General Government ingold and silver. As Ohio
would have about one tenth of the eighty or one
hundred million dollars to pay of the expenses of
the General Government, the already onerous tax
of the people in that State would be doubled. This
the former would feel. Duties upon imports he
does not feel. Nor is he likely to be disturbed by
the sympathy of the demagogue, nor to feel his
burdens any the greater, even if you could con-
vince him that all "duties arc a tax on the con-
sumer," when he knows that every product of
his farm has increased in price, whilst all that he
buys has fallen in price. Nor will he complain of
New England manufacturers for furnishing him
cotton cloth at eight and one third cents a yard,
when he remembers that only a few years since
an inferior article, of English make, cost him
twenty-five cents. Nor will he, for the sake of
cheaper sugar and cheaper coffee, be drawn into
filibustering enterprises, or the expenditure of
$300,000,000 for the purchase of Cuba. He can
have no jealousy of his Louisiana neighbor, no
desire to deprive him of fair profits upon liis labor,
when he knows that one bushel of wheat will now
buy four pounds more of sugar and five pounds
more of coffee than it would thirty years ago.
Experience, Mr. Chairman, has taught the peo-
ple I represent here to believe that, in the sure
progress of honest industry, and under a govern-
mental policy that fosters alike every department
of labor, their independence and prosperity, as
well as that of the whole country, will be best
secured and perpetuated.
Thewantof mai kets,orof facilities for reaching
them, for many years retarded the progress of
the West. Though possessing an invigorating
climate, abundance of cheap land, and a soil that
yielded bountiful returns to the labor and care of
the husbandman, yet, in the absence of demand,
there could be no encouragement to the produc-
tion of a large surplus. But, in the last few years,
miracles of change have been wrought by the
energy and will of an enterprising people. By
taxing themselves to the extent of hundreds of
millions, and entailing upon their posterity liabil-
ities for millions more, they have opened up chan-
nels of communication to every point where mar-
kets were to be found. Little aid was asked from
the Government; less was received. Her sym-
pathy and money and efforts were directed to an-
other quarter. Harbors and light-houses and
custom-houses have drawn from her coffers mil-
lions upon millions. Our Navy, at a cost of ten
to twelve million per annum, has been chiefly
employed in protecting an indifferent commerce
in distant seas, searching for markets among half-
civilized nations or savage islands, and carrying
back and forth ministers and commissioners and
