I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
801
36tii Cong.... 1st Sbss.
Property" in Territories—Mr. Douglas.
Sena^S,
consuls and commercial agents to different points
on the globe, at many of which the entire pur-
chases and sales would not pay the officers' sal-
aries.
Now, sir, this may all be right—we do not com-
plain of it; but we do protest against the doctrine
that it is constitutional to spend millions on ex-
ternal commerce, and not a cent on internal com-
merce. We mast complain that, when we ask
for a small pittance for the removal of obstruc-
tions to the navigation of our northern lakes or
western rivers, or when protection to life or the
necessities of an increased commerce prompt us
to apply for aid to improve the harbors of such
ports as Chicago, Oswego, and Buffalo—second
only in importance to Boston,.New York, and
New Orleans—we should be met with a refusal
under the miserable pretense of unconstitutional-
ity. We must complain that the markets created
for our surplus products by the enterprise and
capital of our own citizens, and which we have
made accessible by our own unaided energies,
should be taken from us by an unjust policy of
the Government. She cannot provide us any
others. She cannot force any people to buy our
bread, when they have enough of their own. Her
power cannot shield us from the payment to Eng-
land of our debt of $500,000,000 in California gold,
when our pork and beef and flour are not wanted.
She can, however, leave us these markets, and
protcct us in their enjoyment. Justice demands
—the design of Government, which is " to pro-
mote the general welfare," demands—that all le-
gislation should be directed to the greatest good
of the greatest number. We are a nation of la-
borers; and that policy which shall best secure
the interest of labor—our own labor—and promote
the prosperity and happiness of the whole people,
should be adopted and steadily maintained.
In the West we seek not protection for our
commodities so much as protection to our mar-
kets. Our corn and beef and pork need no pro-
tection, for there can be no competition. Our
wool and breadstuffs—like the hemp and tobacco
and sugar of the South—are great interests, giv-
ing wealth and power and independence to the
nation, and should therefore be fostered. Cot-
ton, the great staple of the South, by the judicious
protection of the Government during the first
thirty or forty years of its cultivation, has be-
come the great staple of the world. It fears no
rival, asks no protection, and seeks no market,
for that is already secured. All races and nations
on the globe are its consumers, and to most of
them it is an absolute necessity. The supply is
not likely ever to exceed the demand, or a substi-
tute to be found for it. The cotton States must,
therefore, continue to furnishva market for the
grain-producing and stock-raising States; and
they, m turn, continue to be the largest consum-
ers of their staple. And if the manufacture of cot-
ton in the middle and northern States, under a
stable and moderate tariff, can be made to keep
pace with its increased production, both the de-
mand for this great staple and the surplus food
of the West must necessarily increase. There
should be no collision of sections here; the har-
mony of interests is perfect, and the prosperity of
any one may be made to promote the well-being
of the others. What objection can there be to this
just and natural agreement between labor differ-
ently applied? What argument to show that a j
bond of common interest, by which a kind Piov- j
idenee has united the men of a common country, I
should be sundered? j
Break down, if you please, every cotton fac- !
tory in the land; and what follows? \ou throw j
upon the English market nine hundred thousand j
bales of cotton more than are now purchased, j
Time is needed to build factories, get up machine- \
ry, to procure the labor, and hunt up and arrange
with customers previously supplied by the Amer-
ican manufacturer. Will not a glutted market,
during the four or five years required for these
changes, depreciate the price of the article? And
the largest competitor for his staple being now
driven from the market, will not the planter find
himself at the mercy of a British monopoly, and
the reward of his labor controlled by the will and
caprice of a selfish Power? What else happens?
The manufacturers and more than a hundred
thousand laborers are driven to seek employment
for their capital and food for their families chiefly
in agriculture, thus increasing the vast surplus of
the West, of which th^y had been consumers.
Could such a state of things be beneficial to any
one of these parties ? Reason says, no. And yet
this has been too much the tendency of our legis-
lation during the last few years. By our aid,
England has become the great cotton manufac-
turer of the world; and one of the chief sources of
her wealth and power is this monopoly, which our
folly has given her. Her cheap labor, abundant
capital,lowrates of interest,experienced artisans,
perfect machinery, and long experience as a man-
ufacturing nation gave her every advantage; still
it is very certain, judging from what we have
done, that if a fair protective policy had been
adopted, and steadily adhered to from the begin-
ning, more than one half of our cotton crop would
now be worked up in our own mills. And in the
South itself, where the experiment has already
shown that cotton factories can be worked as
profitably as anywhere else, the water power upon
her streams would have been made instrumental
m increasing her own wealth and independence,
and that of the whole country. The West would
have shared m the general prosperity resulting
from such a policy, in the certain and increased
supplies required from her surplus. It is not too
late yet to inaugurate a system that will so surely
develop our resources and bring wealth and pros-
perity to the country. A more favorable period
than the present cannot occur. The Government
wants more revenue; a few of the industrial in-
terests of the country need protection, and all de-
mand a stable policy. May it be our pleasure,
as it is our duty, to meet the exigency by some
measure of relief that will prove to be wise and
just.  
EB- %/ ■
TROPBRTY IN TERRITORIES
SPEECH OF HON. S. A. DOUGLAS,
OF ILLINOIS,
In the Senate, May 15 and 16, 1860.
The Senate having under consideration the resolutions
submitted by Mr. Davis on the 1st of March, relative to
the relations of the States, and the rights of persons and
property in the Territories, and the duty of protecting siave
property in tile Territories, when a necessity for so doing
shall exist—
Mr. DOUGLAS said:
Mr. President: I have no taste and very little
respect for that species of discussion which con-
sists in assaults on the personal or political posi-
tion of any Senator. I have no desire to elevate
myself by attempting to pulldown others, nor to
place any Senator in a faise position before his
constituency. I have no assault to make upon
anybody; no impeachment of the record of any
gentleman. I am willing that each Senator shall
stand before the country and his own constituency
on the record which he has made for himself. I
do not complain of so much of the speech of the
Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Davis] as arraigns
my political position, for he seems to have deemed
it necessary to draw a parallel between his opin-
ions and my own, as we have been actors for
many years in the'same scenes, involving the same
issue that is now presented, he taking the one
side and I the other. In self-defense it may be
necessary for me also to refer to the position of
that Senator at various periods—with a view of
illustrating my own position—by way of contrast
to my own, as we always differed on an isolated
point.
1 shall not indulge to-day in the discussion of
any abstract theories of government, much less
in the discussion of the legal questions which have
lately been attempted to be forced on the Demo-
cratic party as political issues. On a former occa-
sion, when forced into a discussion by the Attor-
ney General of the United States, the law officer
of the Government, I did amuse m}rself in the
discussion of certain legal propositions; not be-
cause they had anything to do with' the political
issues before the country, but because that law
officer seemed to have no official duties to occupy
his* time, and I had the leisure to reply to him.
The principal points to which I shall direct my
remarks to-day, and the sole cause of my making
any speech, will be found in certain extracts from
the speech of the Senator from Mississippi,aft#
days since. I have put three extracts upon paper
together, and will sencDtliem to the Secretary's
desk, that they may be read. They will consti-
tute the chief text to which my femavks will be
addressed.
The Secretary read the following extracts from
Mr. Davis's speech of May 7:
" It is well known to those who havebceft nssoehfted with
me in the two Houses,of Congress thai, from the com-
mencement of the question, I have been (be 4etecmtned
opponent of what is called squatter sovereignty ^ I never
gave it countenance, and 1 am now least of all disposed to
give it quarter. Jn 1S48 it iftade its appearance for good
puipose . It was usheied in by a great and good man. fie
biought it forwatd because of that distrust winch he had
in the capacity of the Government to bear the rudfe shock
to which itwasexposed. His conviction, no doubt, to syme
extent sharpened and directed his patriotism, and his Ap-
prehension led ium to a conclusion to which, -I dou&t not,
to-day he adheres as tenaciously as ever; but from which
it was my fortune, good or ill, to dissent when his letter
Was read to me in manuscript; I being, together with somG
other persons, asked whether or not it should be sent. At the
first blush, I believed it to be a fallacy—a fallacy fraught
with mischici; that it escaped an issue which was upon
us which it was our duty to meet; that it escaped it by a
side path, whicli led to danger. I thought it a fallacy which
would surely be exploded. I doubted then, and btill more
for some time afterwards, when held to a dread responsi-
bility for the position which I occupied—i doubted whether
I should live to see that fallacy exploded. It has been. Let
Kansas speak—the first great field on which, the tri&livasma/le.
What was the consequence ? The Federal Government with-
drawing control, leaving the contending sections, excited to
the highest -point upon this question, each to send forth its
army. Kansas became the battle field, and Kansas Ike cry
which well nigh led to civil war. This was the first fruit.
More deadly than the fatal upas, its effect was not limited
to the mere s>pot of gruund on which the dew fell from its
leaves, but it spread thioughout the United States; it kin-
dled all which had been collected for yeais of inflammable
material. It was owing to the strength of our Government
and the good sense of the quiet masses of the people that it
did not wrap our country m one widespread conflagration.
What ughthad Congress then, or what right has it now,
to abdicate any powei corifeired upon it as trustee of the
States5" *********
"In 1850, following the promulgation of this notion of
squatter sovereignty, we had the idea of non-intervention
introduced into the Senate of the United States, and it is
strange to me how that idea has expanded. It seems to
have been more malleable than gold, to have been ham-
mered outto an extent that covers boundless regions undis-
covered by those who proclaimed the doctrine. Non-inter-
vention then meant, as the debates show, that Congress
should neither prohibit nor establish slavery in the Iwrl-
tones. That I hold to now. Will any one suppose that
Congress then meant by non-intervention that Congress
should legislate in no regard in respect to property in slaves ?
Why, sir, the very acts which they passed at the time re-
fute it. There is the fugitive slave law. and that abomina-
tion of law which assumed to confiscate the property of a
citizen who should attempt to bring it into this District
with intent to remove it to sell it at some other time to
some other place. Congress acted then upon the subject,
actcd beyond the limit of its authority as I beheved, con-
fidently believed; and if ever that act comes before the
Supreme Court, I feel satisfied that they will declare it null
and void." ******* *
" By what species of legerdemain this doctrine of non-
intervention has come to extend to a paralysis of the Gov-
ernment on the whole subject, to exclude the Congress
fiom any kind of legislation whatever, I am at a loss to
conceive. Certain it is, it was not the theory of that pe-
riod, and it was not contended for in all the controversies
we had then. I had no faith in it then; I considered it a
sham ; I considered that the duty of Congress ought to be
peifoimed; that the issue was before us, and ought to be
met, the sooner the better; that truth would prevail if pre-
sented to the people; borne down to-day, it would rise up
to-monow; and I stood then on the same general plea
which I am making now. The Senator from Illinois [Mr.
Douglas] and myself differed at that time, as I presume
we do now. We differed radically then. He opposed
every proposition which I made: votiug against a prop-
ortion to give power to a Territorial Legislature to pio-
tcct slave property which should be taken there; voting
against a proposition to remove the obstruction of the Mex-
ican laws; voting for a proposition to exclude the conclu-
sion that slavery might betaken there; voting for the piop-
o«mon expressly to prohibit its intioduction; voting for
the pioposition to keep in forcc the Jaws of Mexico winch
piohibited it. Some of these vote*, it is hut jim to him I
should say, I think he gave perforce of his instructions;
but others of them, I think it is equally fair to assert, were
outside of the limits of any instructions under which ho
acted.
" In 1854, advancing in this same general line ofthought,
the Congress, in enacting territorial bills, left out a provis-
ion which had always before entered them, requiring the
Legislature of the Territory to submit its laws to tho Con-
giess of the United States. It was sometimes assumed that
this was the recognition of the power of the Territorial Le
gisdatuie to exercise plenary legislation, a<? might that of a
State. It will be remembered that, when our present fonn
of Government was instituted, there were those who be-
heved the Federal Government should have the power of
revision over the laws of a State. It was long and ubly con-
tended for in the convention which foimed the Constitu-
tion; and one of the compromises which was made was,
escaping from tlhit, to lodge the power in the Supreme
Court to decide ail questions of constitutional law.
" Butdid thi* omission of the obligation to sendhere The
