1744
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April IT.
have a fair vote taken 011 this resolution in the
morning ?
Several Members. He cannot help it.
MOTIONS TO RECONSIDER.
Mr. COLFAX. I desire to enter a motion to
reconsider the vote by which the bill (H. R. No.
647) amendatory of the rates of postage was in-
ferred the other day to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
The motion was entered.
Mr. ELIOT. I also desire to enter a similar
motion to reconsider the vote by which the bill
for tlu; suppression of the coolie trade was re- i
committed to the,Committee 011 Commerce.
The motion was entered.
And then, on motion of Mr. BURNETT, (at
a quarter past five o'clock, p. m.,) the House ad-
journed.  
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, April 17, lSGO.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gprley.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved,
Tt^SIIXNGTON MARKET-IIOUSE.
The VICE PRESIDENT announced the ap-
pointment of Mr. Brown, Mr. Joiinsojj of Arkan-
sas, and Mr. Foot, the committee of conference on
the part of the Senate on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the bill (S. No. 192) author-
izing the corporation of Washington city to make
a loan and issue stock for $200,000 for building a
market-house.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a message of the President of the United States,
communicating, in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate, all the correspondence not hereto-
fore called for relating to the claim of any foreign
Government to the military service of naturalized
citizens of the United States.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that those papers hp
printed, and he on the table. In making thismo-
tion 1 would suggest that they be printed in con-
nection with the papers ordered to be printed a
few days ago, on the motion, I think, ot the Sen-
ator from Ohio, [Mr. Putin.] As they arc all in
pari materia, it seems to me that it would be con-
venient to have them all printed together.
Mr. PUGtl. I would suggest that, after hav-
ing had some conference with the chairman of the
Committee on Printing, T desire to submit a mo-
tion that five thousand extra copics of this report,
and the report made the other day on the same
subject, be printed; and I suppose the motion will
go to the Committee on Piintmg.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Docs the Senator
from Massachusetts accept the amendment?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly I do.
The VICE PRESIDENT." This motion will
go to the Committee on Printing, and the papers
wil1 lie on the table.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. By an error of mine
on a former day of the sitting of the Senate, 1
moved for the reference of a report from the Sec-
retary o&thc Navy, in answer to a resolution of
the Senate, calling for the report of Captain Ring-
gold, of the Navy, of the surveys made by him
of the passages through the coral archipelago of
the Pacific ocean, to the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs. 1 should have asked for its printing, and
moved for its reference to the Committee on Print-
ing—to which committee other papers relating to
the same subject, and before reported, had been
referred. I "make the motion to withdraw the
reference of the paper to the Naval Committee,
and that it be referred to tire Committee on Print-
ing.
The motion was agreed to.
PETITION'S AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. KING presented papers relating to the
claim of Thomas Kirkpatriek, agent and warden
of the State prison at Auburn, New York, with
a letter of the First Comptroller of the Treasury,
for a balance due for keeping United States con-
victs; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. MASON presented the memorial of the
heirs of Thomas Brady, a soldier in the war of
the Revolution, praying to be allowed bounty
land; which was referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. CAMERON presented the petition of man-
ufacturers and others, of Schuylkill county, Penn-
sylvania, praying a modification of the tariff;
which was icferred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SEBASTIAN presented papers in relation
to the claim of John fe. Miller to a pension on
account of an injury received while a teamster in
the quartermaster's department during the war
with Mexico; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. WILKINSON presented a memorial of
the Legislature of Minnesota in favor of the con-
struction and occupation of a military post in the
valley of the Pembina river; which was referred
to.the Committee on Military Affairs and Militia,
and ordered to be printed.
He also presented a memorial and joint resolu-
tions of the Legislature of Minnesota, in favor of
the remuneration of James B. Thomas and fam-
ily, for property lost and injury sustained by acts
of the Sioux Indians; which were referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
He also presented the petition of the deputy
warden and the guard of twelve men on duty at
the penitentiary of the Districted Columbia, pray-
ing an increase of their pay; which was referred
to the Committee on the District of Columbia.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. CHANDLER, it was
Ordered, That James S. Abeel have leave to withdraw
his petition and papers.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. KENNEDY gave notice of his intention
to ask leave to introduce a bill to provide for the
transportation of the United States mails and
Government supplies by railroad to the Pacific
ocean.
LAND FOR FORTIFICATIONS.
Mr. LANE, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 410) to perfect the title of the United States
to lands upon which the Government is erecting
fortifications; which was read twice by its title.
Mr."LANE. I move to refer the bill to the
Committee on Military Affairs and Militia.
Mr. GWIN. I want to know why the Sena-
tor proposes that committee.
Mr. LANE. This bill has for its object the
perfecting of the title ro land upon which the great
work of fortification at Fort Point, in California,
is being erected. It is a very important work; it
is absolutely necessary to the defense of the en-
trance to the harbor at San Francisco. It is a
work upon which the Government has now ex-
pended over one million five hundred thousand
dollars; it is not yet completed; and appropri-
ations are now pending which arc necessary to
carry on the work to completion. It has been
found that the right of the United States to the site
upon which this great work stands, and upon
which the Government has expended so much
money, not as perfect as it ought to be. It is
not, by any means, regarded as complete; and the
object of this bill is not to interfere with the titles
of third parties, but to secure the Government m
the best right that it is in our power to get for the
site on which that fort is being constructed. As
it has for its purpose the procuring of the best
right to the ground on which that great work is
to be constructed, it is, as I understand it, strictly
a military matter; and therefore 1 think it ought
to go to the Committee on Military Affairs. The
bill does not propose to interfere with the titles of
parties, so far as they are concerned, nor conflict-
ing inteiests in regard to the titles to the lands;
but to procure from the parties now churning the
lands all the title that they have, all their inter-
est, so as to strengthen the right of the United
States to that site. For these reasons, I think
the Committee on Military Affairs is the appro-
priate committee to consider properly this matter.
Mr. GAVIN. If the object of the Senator from
Oregon in introducing this bill is to facilitate the
making of appropriations for completing the for-
tifications at Fot t Point, it should go to the Com-
mittee on Finance, for that is the committee that
reports the appropriations. The question is one
of very grave importance to the people of Cali-
fornia, and this is the first time that a private land
claim in that State has been brought up in this
body for confirmation or for action. That ques-
tion has heretofore been left to the courts. The
claim, which includes the valuable property at
Fort Point, also includes other property worth
millions upon millions of dollars. It is one of the
most gigantic claims that was ever presented to
the Congress of the United States for its consid-
eration, including a large portion of the city of
San Francisco. I do not think this question
ought to be considered by Congress; it ought to
be considered in the courts; but if it is to be
brought here for consideration, and as the bill has
reference to perfecting the title to the land on
which the fortifications arc being erected, and pro-
poses to make further appropriations for that pur-
pose, it should go to the Finance Committee, from
which all the appropriations come.
I will give another reason: this question is one
of great importance to my constituents, and it has
been presented here very much against my judg-
ment. I desire to treat the parties to this claim
with all propriety; but I think justice to my con-
stituents requires that a bill of this sort should go
to a committee where the State of California has
a representative. The Committee on Finance
has able attorneys upon it; it reports these appro-
priations; it will examine the question with all
fidelity; and therefore I move that the bill be re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance, instead of
the Committee on Military Affairs; and I hope
the Senator from Oregon will not object to this.
Mr. COLLAMER. The Senator from Oregon
represents this as a bill for the purpose of obtain-
ing more perfectly the title to tlie land on which
the fortifications are said to be erected. Two
years ago, and last year also, the subject of ob-
taining title to the land necessary for the puiposo
of erecting fortifications in different parts of our
country was before the Committee on the Judici-
ary. There certainly has been a great deal of
trouble and a great deal of complaint, which might
be and ought to be obviated, in relation to all these
sequestrations of private property for the public
set vice. I need merely remind gentlemen of the
case of Willet's Point, and of the purchase and
sale of other locations needed for the public ser-
vice. If they have not been causes and sources
of fraud and corruption, they at least have laid
the foundation for such complaints. This matter
should be provided for in order to guard against
the foundation of any such complaints, and also
to make a law which shall relate to all parts of
the country alike; that is, a general law provid-
ing for the sequestration, or what is sometimes
technically called the condemnation of any real
property, land, needed for the public service—a
gcneial law by which the Government may, by
application to the proper court provided for m
the law, notify the owners, whoever they are, and
take trial before the court in due and regular form,
and have the damages properly estimated, so that
the private property taken for public use shall
have a reasonable and fair compensation, and
have it done above-board, so that the community
may undei stand it.
A bill for that purpose was prepared two years
ago in the Judiciary Committee, and, I believe,
reported; at any rate, it was directed to be re-
ported by the Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. Ben-
jamin,] a member of the committee. It has, how-
ever, never received the action of this House; and
I cannot but think that this is a proper opportu-
nity presenting itself, when, instead of providing
for the particular case, we had better have a gen-
eral I' <v, which will reach that ease and all others;
and } desire, therefore, although it may not be in
ordei for me to move it now, that this bill may go
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. GWIN. I am in favor of that. I want it
to go there, and I am willing for the Judiciary
Committee to report the bill they did two years
ago, as a substitute for this and all other such
propositions. I am entirely m favor of the prin-
ciple that the Senator from Vermont has advo-
cated, and I am perfectly willing to have the biil
go to the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. BAYARD. My recollection is, that there
was a bill introduced, during the last Congress,
by the honorable Senator from Louisiana, not
now m his seat, with a view to provide in all
cases for ascertaining the amount and authorizing
the purchase, I think, also, under certain circum-
stances, without judicial inquiry, of property
necessary for the purposes of the Government,
which belonged to piivute individuals; and that,
