2688
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6*
undertakes to arrest a member. He has a right
to go to any part of tho city and arrest any mem-
ber who is in default,
Mr. PEYTON. I want to know what question
ia before the House.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. A motion was
made by the gentleman's colleague [Mr. lit k-
kett] to excuse the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia for non-attendance. It is proposed to amend
that by excusing him on paymentof fses. I have
been here the whole day, and am as anxious to
get away as any other gentleman. I was very
sorry that the gentleman from Vermont, who was
entitled to the floor when the House went into
committee, had not the opportunity to make the
speech when he designed. But it so happened that
we have now got into this proceeding; and it does
seem to me, that after we have exhausted all the
power that we fairly have, according to tho prac-
tice, in ordering the Scrgeant-at-Arms to arrest
the absent members, we might stop there, sus-
pend all further proceedings, and go to business.
Otherwise, let us carry out the call without dis-
crimination. I think, therefore, with great defer-
ence to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, that he
oug'ht not to be excused without the payment of
costs.
Mr. MAYNARD. This is a question of a
good deal of practical importance to the gentle-
man and to the country. The question is noth-
ing less than whether the Treasury of the United
States or the gentleman from Pennsylvania shall
pay to tho Sorgeant-at-Arms the sum of $2 50.
if it be in order, I ask the gentleman to restate
his excuse to the House, so thfit I can vote intel-
ligently on the question.
Mr. HICKMAN. If permitted, I will say a
word in this case. I may, perhaps, explain a
matter which does not seem to-be understood. I
understand that Mr. Junkin was in the House at
the time the order was made fof the arrest of the
absentees, and that he himself voted on that ques-
tion. If that be the case, of course he ia not un-
der arrest, either actually or constructively, and
he ought not to be fined.
Mr. BOULIGNY. I see one of the gentlemen
who have been brought in here; and I think he
ought to be brought before the House. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. HICKMAN. If I am not misinformed
with regard to the facts of the case, then, of
course, my colleague is neither actually nor con-
structively in the custody of the Sergcant-at-
Arms; and he ought not, I suppose, to be fined.
Mr: RUFFIN. Do I understand the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania to say that his colleague
[Mr. Junkin] was in the House, and answered
to his name at the call of the House ?
Mr. HICKMAN. I did not intend so to state,
and I believe I did not so state. My remark was
this: that at the time the order was made for the
arrest of the absentees, Mr. Jdnkin was in the
House, and voted on that question.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. If the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania states thai that is the
case, these proceedings are not in order. . There
is no record of the vote by which the arrest was
ordered. The name of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania does not appear on the call of the roll.
If, however, he states that he came in immedi-
ately afterwards, and before the order for arrest
was made, the proceedings all fall, as a matter of
course.
Mr. HICKMAN. I am informed that that is
the fact.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Junkin] can state so for
himself.
Mr. HICKMAN. 1 am informed that my
colleague came in before the order was made to
arrest the absentees. That being the case, of
course no order could go out against him, and he is
not in the custody of the Sergeant-at-Arms, either
actually or constructively; and no fine can be im-
posed on him.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I trust the House will
not fine the gentleman from Pennsylvania as an*
absentee. For one, I am very glad when any
gentleman on that side of the House absents him-
self; and I think it would be very much to the
interest of the country if twe or three dozen of
them would absent themselves from now till the
close of the session.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The remarkg of
the gentleman from Mississippi arc scarcely in
order on this motion, not being relevant.
Mr. JUNKIN. I came into the House before
the motion was made that a warrant issue to ar-
rest the absentees, and voted in favor of the issu-
ing of the warrant, I supposed, of course, that
I was included gmong the absentees. I want to
have no difficulty about this thing; and therefore
I agree to pay these costs.
Mr. HICIiMAN. I object to any fine being
self-imposed.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. If the gentleman
from Pennsylvania was in the Hall and voted on
the question of the orderof arrest,heis not legally
at the bar of the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask whether the warrant
contains the gentleman's name?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
was among the absentees.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then the offense was com-
mitted.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The motion to
issue a warrant against the absentees was made
after the doors were shut.
Mr. HOUSTON. Yes; but who were the ab-
sentees ? Those who did not answer to theirnames.
If the gentleman had come to the House after
that time he could not, without the general con-
sent of the House, be permitted to vote or have
his name entered, and thus be excused fromar-
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has
made its decision; and it is in the power of the
gentleman from Alabama to take an appeal.
Mr. HOUSTON. Yes, sir, I appeal. I was
going on to say, that if the gentleman came in at
any time after the absentees were called for ex-
cuses, he is just as much an absentee as any other
member of the House.
Mr. BOULIGNY. I move to lay the appeal
on tho table.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to know when the
gentleman came in? [Cries of " Question !"
" Question !"] Did ho come in after the doors
were closed? If he did, of course the Doorkeeper
is to be blamed.
Mr. BOULIGNY. I call the gentleman to
order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I withdraw the appeal.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair hav-
ing decided that the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia was not legally arrested, and the gentleman
from Alabama having withdrawn his appeal, that
ends the question.
The Sergeant-at-Arms appeared at the bar of
the House, anil presented Mr. Bdrch as having
been arrested by its order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Bdrch, you
have been absentfrom the House withoutits leave.
What excuse have you to render ?
Mr. BURCH. 1 do not know that I have any
valid excuse to offer. I returned to my room
under similar circumstances to those of the gentle-
man who has just now been discharged. I retired
from the Hail, went to my room, where I was
arrested and brought here. 1 will say that I lis-
tened during the day conscientiously and atten-
tively to the debate upon the Missouri election
case, and retired for deliberation and my dinner.
I am now here ready to render my verdict upon
that case whenever required.
Mr. BOULIGNY. t move the gentleman be
excused upon the payment of fees; and as I be-
lieve this is the gentleman's second offense, that
he be required to pay the full amount of fees.
[Laughter.]
Mr. HUGHES. I think if the gentleman from
California has listened to all the speeches here
to-day, he ought to be excused without the pay-
ment of any fees.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. I merely want
to ask what is the difference between this case and
that of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, which
has just been disposed of.
Mr. BOULIGNY. The gentleman is out of
Older. I call the previous question.
Mr. STOUT. I simply want to say, that I saw
the gentleman from California here up to a late
hour in the evening.
Mr. BOULIGNY. The gentleman is out of
order. 1 object.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. FLORENCE. I rise to a question of
privilege. I move to reconsider the vote by which
the main question was ordered.
Mr. BOULIGNY. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania is out of order. I move to lay him on'
the table, and call the previous-question. [Laugh-
ter.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the gentle-
man move to lay the motion to reconsider on the-
table?
Mr. BOULIGNY. Yes, sir.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FLORENCE. Well, sir, I desire merely
to state a single fact.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. No discussion ia
in order, the main question having been ordered.
The question is on excusing Mr. Buhch on pay-
ment of fees.
Mr. FLORENCE. Well, sir, I desire to oc-
cupy the floor upon that question.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The previous
question has been ordered; and no debate is in
order.
Mr. TAYLOR. Will my colleague withdraw
the previous question, and allow me to say one
word ?
Mr. BOULIGNY. There is nothing in this
world I would not do for my colleague, but on
this occasion I cannot accommodate him. I in-
sist on the previous question. [Laughter.]
Mr. Burcii was then ordered to be discharged
on payment of fees.
Mr. BOULIGNY moved to reconsider the vote
by which Mr. Burch was discharged from cus-
tody; and also moved to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The Sergeant-at-Arms appeared at the bar of
the House, and presented, as having been arrested
under its order, Messrs. Reagan and Case.
Mr. BOULIGNY. Bring them up, sir.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Case, what
excuse have you to render for having been absent
from the House without its leave?
Mr. CASE. I shall occupy only a very short time,
Mr. Speaker, in presenting my excuse. I came
Up here, like agood orderly citizen, having learned
that the House was still in session and had busi-
ness to transact. When I got here the Sergeant-
at-Arms would not let me come in unless he came
with me; and, finding his company very agree-
able, I accepted it. I avail myself of this oppor-
tunity to say, however, that if gentlemen intend
to do their duty to-morrow, they had better be.
doing their duty at home to-night. [Laughter.]
Mr. BOULIGNY. The gentleman has no ex-
cuse at all. I move, therefore, that he be excused
only on the payment of costs.
Mr. CASE. When the proper time comes, I
will move to lay that upon the table. But I have
not got through with my excuse. About two
o'clock to-day, by standard time, my friend from
Louisiana, [Mr. Davidson,] having business at the
Departments which was necessary to be attended
to, requested mo to pair with him. I was anx-
ious to vote for my friend, Mr. Blair, the con-
testant in the Missouri contested-election case;
but I consented to pair with the gentleman from
Louisiana. I had a good deal of work to do. I
went to my room, and I have been there, like an
honest man, working nearly all the time since.
I might have still remained there but for the lights
that I saw in this Capitol, and which told me that
distinguished statesmen were continuing to labor
for the benefit of the country. I thought I would
come up and remind gentlemen that it was time
for honest men, as we all are, to be at home. I
have intended no insult to the House; and hav-
ing come here on this charitable errand to remind
gentlemen of their duty, 1 suggest that the House
owes me an apology, instead of my owing an
apology to the House.
Mr. BOULIGNY. I will inquire whether this
is thegentleman'sfirstorsecond offense? [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. CASE. The question reminds me of one
thing I forgot to state. I forgot to speak of tho
industry of this House. It compares very favor-
ably with the House of the Thirty-Fifth Con-
gress. Wo had but one scrape of this kind dur-
ing that Congress; and this is the second one that
we have had during this session. It shows that
there is a disposition on the part of members to
do something, even at unseasonable hours.
Mr. BOULIGNY. The gentleman says that
