724
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
it should be attached to the bill. The Senator says
it ought to be attached to this bill, and discon-
nected from a bill to increase the postages. Now,
how much more beautiful would it appear; how
much "more elegant; how much more parliamcnt-
" ary, to connect the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege with an increase of the rate of postage; how
much more right would it appear to the whole
country ? Why is it that we cannot do that?
I hope that Senators will yet recede from the
position they seem to have taken,for I think it is
very dogmatical to endeavor to push this question,
and crowd it, and compel the House of Repre-
sentatives to concur with our peculiar views in
regard to the abolition of the franking privilege.
I have already stated, and I now say again that I
am willing to abolish the franking privilege, but
not upon this bill. This deficiency bill is not the
place for it. I appeal to Senators who have had
experience here, who understand parliamentary
law, who understand parliamentary usage; I
appeal to their sense of proper parliamentary
courtesy to say whether this is not an improper
amendment to this bill.
Mr. RICE. Why did not my honorable friend
from California ask these questions when the hon-
orable Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Brown]
proposed his amendment, not only in Committee
of the Whole, but in the Senate? and of all the
Senators who are anxious for the speedy pay-
mentof the mail contractors, and who wish noth-
ing not germane put upon the bill, not one raised
his voice against it. A division was not even
ealled for, or an explanation. I want to under-
stand that point.
Mr. HAUN. I do not understand the Sena-
tor. What is his question?
Mr. RICE. The Senator from Mississippi yes-
terday offered an amendment which was not ger-
mane to this bill.
Mr. HAUN. - I believe I have voted against
every amendment.
Mr. RICE. The entire Senate acceptcd the
amendment of which I speak, in Committee of the
Whole. To-day, when it was offered again in
the Senate, there was no question asked or a di-
vision called for. Those who sympathize with
the mail contractors then forgot their' interests,
and accepted that amendment, which compelled
the bill to go back to the House of Representa-
tives, and there be discussed again. If that was
proper, why is not the amendment now offered
proper? I want consistency. 1 have been trying
to be correct in this matter. I have voted steadily
and almost alone on this side of the House, with
the gentlemen on the other side, against amend-
ments, for the purpose of enabling the Govern-
ment speedily to pay its honest dues. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Mississippi is regarded
as a small matter; it was allowed to go upon the
bill; but if it had been referred to the Post Office
Committee or the Post Ofiicc Department, it would
haVe boon found to be a much nion; serious thing
than was supposed yesterday or to-day.
Mr. HAUN. The Senator from Minnesota is
certainly mistaken in regard to my position on
that question. I voted against the amendment of :
the Senator from Mississippi, and intend to do
so whenever it comes up again.
Mr. RICE. It is too late now.
_ Mr. IiAUN. Then I have misunderstood my
right time to vote against it, on account of my
misunderstanding parliamentary rules.
Mr. RICE. Not one of the self-styled friends
of the contractors voted for it.
Mr. HAUN. I have been d osirous to keep
everything out except what is necessary to pay
the instil contractors, f" Question."]
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 desire simply to say,
that, from the experience we have had heretofore,
of contests between the two Houses, I am inclined
to the opinion that if we pass the proposition in
this shape, for the entire abolition of the franking
privilege, it will not be acceptable to the House
of Representatives, and will delay the passage of
this bill. But if the Senator from Georgia would
propose to get rid of the great evil, to begin with,
by abolishing the franking of books, I am inclined
to think it would pass the other House, although,
of course, I have no means of knowing to a cer-
tainty.
Mr. TOOMBS. This covers everything that
goes through the mails. [" Question."]
Mr. HUNTER. What is the exact question?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On the amend-
ment of the Senator from Georgia.
Mr. TOOMBS. Let us have the yeas and nays.
Mr. PUGH. I thought the Senator from North
Carolina [Mr. Clingman] offered an amendment
to it.
Mr. TOOMBS. I accepted that.
Mr. PUGH. Let the amendment be read, as
modified.
The Secretary read, as follows:
And be it further enacted, That from and after the 10th
day of April next, the franking privilege be, and the same
H hereby, totally abolished; and that all laws and parts of
laws authorizing the receiving or sending any matter
through the mails free of postage be, and the same are
heiebv, repealed.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ANTHONY. I desire to state that I have
paired off with the Senator from South Carolina,
mr. Chesnut.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I had intended to vote against
this amendment, because I did not wish to encum-
ber the present hill; but, as I find that the bill lias
already been amended so as to require it to go
back to the other House, I shall vote for this
amendment, as I am in favor of the proposed re-
form.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, re-
sulted—yeas 31, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Bayaid, Benjamin, Bigler, Bragg,
Blight, Brown, Clay, Clingman, Crittenden, Douglas,
Fitch, Fitzpatrick, Green, Grimes, Gwin, Ilailan, Hunter,
Johnson ot Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Kennedy,
Lane, Mason, Pearce, Powell, Pugh, lttee, Saul&bury,
Sebastian, Slidell, Toombs, and Wigfdll—31.
NAYS—Messrs. Bingham, Chandler, Clark, Collarrier,
Dixon, Doohttle, Durkee, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Ham-
lin, Iiaun, Hemphill, King, Nicholson, Simmons, Sumner,
Ten Eyuk, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—21.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read the third time. The bill was
read the third time, and passed.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
On motion of Mr. SLIDELL, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns to-day, it be to
meet on Monday next.
On motion ofMr. PUGH, the Senate then
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 9, 1860.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Septimus Tustin, D. D.
The Journalof Monday was road and approved.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the House do
now proceed to vote viva voce for Printer of the
House of Representatives for the Thirty-Sixth
Congress; and upon that motion I demand the
previous question.
Air. SI ANTON. I hope my colleague will
withdraw the call lor the previous question. 1
have a wo id or two to say upon it.
Mi. BURNETT. Before the motion is put, I
move that there be a call of the House.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is no objection to
that.
Mr. Burnett'? motion was agreed to; and the
House ordered that there be a call.
The roll was accordingly called: and the fol-
lowing members failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. Adrainx William C. Anderson, Barr, Bocoek.
Boteler, Branch, Brown. Burroughs, Horace F. Clark,
Clark B. Co< hrano, Burton Ciaige, Ciawfoul, Eliot, Eng-
lish, French, Irvine, Francis \V. Kellosrg, Kunkel, James
M. Leach, Love, Maclav, J^aac N. Moms, Ohn, Pern-,
Pottle, Pu*!), liiee. Ri«;^v3iutn!i, Sickles, Simms. Some"-^
Stallwortn, Thayer. Undonvood, Vallandi*hum, Waldion,
and Wmdom.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. MAYNARDstated that his colleague, Mr.
Brabson, had been called home, and had paired
with Mr. French.
Mr. JONES stated that Mr. Crawford had
paired with Mr. Pottle for two weeks.
Mr^ HOWARD stated that he had paired with
Air*. Kellogg, of Michigan.
Mr. BUFFINTON stated that Mr. Rice had
paired with Mr. Lamar.
Mr. AVERY stated that Mr. Wright had
paired with Mr. Perry until a week from next
Monday.
Mr. COX stated that he had paired with Mr.
Burroughs for to-day.
Mr. BUFFINTON stated that Mr. Ei.iot had
paired with Mr. Love.
Mr. NIBLACK stated that-Mr. English had
paired with Mr. Waldron.
Mr. HOARD stated that Mr. Riggs and Mr.
Irvine had paired off.
Mr. REYNOLDS stated that he had paired
with Mr. Morris, of Illinois, upon the election
of Printer and upon some other matters.
Mr. ELY stated that Mr. Olin had paired with
Mr. Branch.
Mr. HOARD stated that Mr. Thayer and Mr.
Davidson had paired off.
Mr. JACKSON stated that Mr. Underwood
had paired with Mr. Corwin.
Mr. PENDLETON stated that Mr. Vallan-
digham being confined to his house by indisposi-
tion, had paired with Mr. McPiierson.
EXPENSE OF THE PUBLIC PRINTING.
Mr. HOARD. If the gentleman from Ohio
will give way for that purpose, I desire to intro-
duce a resolution, which I ask to have read for
information.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to hear-
ing the resolution.
Mr WASHBURISE, of Illinois. I object to
the introduction of any resolution.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the resolution will
be read for information. •
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Very well;
I withdraw my objection.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Expenditures
be instructed to inquire into the expense of printing for
the House of Representatives, and to report, at an early
dav, such modification of the rates paid, as public justice
and a due icgaid for rigid economy in public expenses shall
dictate, and that they have power to examine witnesses,
with leave to report at any time.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to that
resolution.
Mr. COX. I object.
Mr. IIOARD. I hope no gentleman will object.
Mr. COX. I withdraw my objection.
There being no objection, the resolution was
received and agreed to. ,
ELECTION OF PRINTER.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now insist upon my de-
mand for tli£ previous question upon my motion
to go into the election of Primer.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would suggest that the res-
olution be so modified as to make the reference to
the Committee on Printine;. fCries of " Too
late !"]
Mr. STANTON. I hope the House will not
second the demand for the previous question.
There are reasons why an election should not be
gone into to-day.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object to
debate.
Several Members from the Democratic benches.
Let us hear the reasons.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Debate is not
iii order.
Mr.WINSLOW. I demand tellers on second-
ing the call for the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Kellogg,
of Illinois, and Winslow were appointed.
The question was taken; and the call for the
previous question was not seconded, the tellers
having reported—ayes, 74, noes 86.
Mr. STANTON. Mr. Speaker, I hope gen-
tlemen will let this thing pass over for the present.
I do not believe that any good can come from the
discussion of the propriety of going into the elec-
tion ofPrintcr now. If my colleague insists upon
his motion, I have a few words to say why, in
piy judgment, this (.lection ought not to be gone
into just at this moment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I say to my colleague that
all I desire is tn complete the organization of the
House. I do not cam afi  who is elected Printer.
Whosoever is elected, will bo watched by no man
more narrowly than by myself. I want to elect
a Printer, and, if necessary, a Chaplain, and to
take up the President's message, give it a respect-
ful consideration, refer it to the appropriate com-
mittees, and then to go to work. 1 repeat, that [
do not care who is elected Printer; but, because
gentlemen may not be pleased with combinations,
because gentlemen may not be provided foi, or
because of anything else, I do not think that this
House ought to delay the public business one
moment. I believe men of all parties ought to
come up and vote for Public Printer. Let"them
