THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. 0.
Thirty-Sixtii Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, JUNE 7, 18G0.
New Series.....No. 169.
he was doing his duty during the night. Now,
what did he mean? [Laughter.]
Mr. CASE. I wili explain. I wanted to get
a little sleep. Now, it has been remarked that
the absentees detain those who stay here. I, for
one, am never absent at the proper moment. I
never trouble the House when I have nothing to
say. 1 am willing to stay here to vote when it
is proper, and to listen to arguments; but I am
not in favor of remaining here at this unseasona-
ble hour. 1 think it would be better if we were
elsewhere.
Mr. BOULIGNY. I move to excuse the gen-
tleman on the payment of costs.
Mr. MORRILL. The gentleman says that we
ought not to be here; and as he has come here, as
he says, of his own accord, I move that he be
fined for doing what is wrong. [Laughter.]
Mr." Rouliovy's motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I understand that a quorum
is now present. Js that a fact?
The SPEAKER pro tempore The Chair can-
not respond.
Mr. BOULIGNY. I object to anything but
legitimate business and debate.
John H. Reagan was brought to the bar.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Reagan,
what cxcusc have you to offer for absenting your-
self from the sittings of the House without its leave r
Mr. REAGAN. Before I state my excuse, I
want to state a fact.
Mr. BOULIGNY. I object. I ask that the
gentleman speak from the bar of the House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair over-
rules the point of order. The gentleman having
been once presented by the Sergeant-at-Arnis, has
the right to speak from his seat.
Mr. REAGAN. I am at the end of the thiid
session of my service in this House of Represent-
atives, and it has been my good fortune, always,
before this, to have been m my scat at proper
times and improper times. I submit that there
arc few members who have been more constant
in their attendance for the three years past than I
have been. For several days I have been unwell.
I have taken medicine all the tune, and yet I
have been here during the protracted sittings of
the House for a day or two.
Mr. BOULIGNY. If the gentleman be sick,
we will excuse him without further remark.
Mr. REAGAN. I have not yet got through.
I came into this House and took my seatat eleven
o'clock, and I remained here until after seven
o'clock. Very much exhausted, I went to my
dinner, which I got at eight o'clock, p. m. I went
to my room to rest myself, and I was waked by
the officer of the House, who told me that my
presence was desired here. It Is on that summons
I am now present.
I staid here, sir, until I supposed the business
of the day was closed. The regular business of
the House was disposed of for the day, and the
J'ules were suspended, and the House resolved
•Itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, to hear speeches which, I
understood, were to be made. I left because I
did not think that I would make anything by re-
maining here.
Mr. BOULIGNY. It is evident that the gen-
tleman is sick; and I move, therefore, that he be
excused. [Laughter.]
Mr. REAGAN. There arc some disorders
I wish to refer to before I get through. I pro-
pose to assume an authority not ordinarily taken
by one who is arraigned at the .bar of the House.
If this House were here by its conviction of
duty 
Mr. CURTIS. I rise to a point of order. The
gentleman being under arrest, cannot make a
speech. He must confine his lemarks to answer-
ing the question of the Speaker..
Mr. REAGAN. I will give the reasons why
I ought to be excused. Looking to the state of
things, the impulse that has produced this scene,
I think that any fair-minded man would be con-
vinced that excuse and apology ought to be made
to me, instead of my making them to the House.
169
Mr. CURTIS. I rise to a point of order. The
gentleman cannot, in giving an excuse, reflect
upon the action of the House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair sus-
tains the point of order; and would say to the
gentleman from Texas that the point of order
seems to be seriously pressed, and that the only
response proper for him to make is to answer the
question propounded by the Chair.
Mr. BOULIGNY. I would ask the gentleman
from Texas if this is his first or his second offense?
[Laughter.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair would
state to the gentleman from Texas that the only
question propounded, under the rule, is, wliat
excuse have you to render to the House for your
absence ? It is not in order to arraign the House
for its conduct. If a gentleman has an excuse to
render, it is in order for him to make it under the
rule. I think the gentleman will, upon reflec-
tion, see that he has no right to reflect upon the
action of the House.
Mr. REAGAN. As the point of order made
by the gentleman from Iowa has been sustained,
of course I will not violate the rutingof theChair;
and therefore I forego what I had to say upon that
point. But with the statement thus far made,l
may say that if I can excuse the House, they
ought to excuse me. Let us compromise upon
that.
Mr. BOULIGNY. I have already moved that
Judge Reagan he excused upon the payment of
the fine. He attempted to give an excuse, and
has given no excuse at all; and as this is his sec-
ond offense, I now move that he be fined in both
cases, [laughter;] and I call the previous question.
[Laughter.]
Mr. REAGAN. I forgot to answer the ques-
tion of the gentleman from Louisiana, if this was
not my sccond offense. Neglecting to answer
the question, I suppose he came to the conclusion
that this was my second offense. I will say to
him, however, that this is the first time I have
been arraigned for a dereliction of duty.
Mr. BOULIGNY. You could not be found
the last time, I suppose [Laughter.]
Mr. REAGAN. I was present.
Mr. BOULIGNY. I change my mind, then,
and move the ordinary fine in one case.
. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair would
state that the House lias no cognizance now of
any other call of the House.
Mr. RUFFIN. I move to amend bydischarg-
ing the gentleman from Texas. He told the House
that he had been taking medicine, and that he is
unwell. I understood him to say that lie had been
taking medicine to-day. 1 theiefore move that he
be discharged without the payment of fees.
Mr. BOULIGNY. It is too late to make that
motion.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chairdecides
that ii is not too late, as the gentleman addressed
the Chair before the Chair decided the question.
The amendment was then agreed to—ayes 43,
noes 41.
The resolution, as amended, was then rejected.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would inquire if a quorum
is now present'
TheSPEAKERjjrofemporc. The Chair counted
the House a few moments ago, and there were one
hundred and sixteen members present. The gen-
tleman from Texas is not excused, and he is still
before the bar of the House.
Mr. GARTRELL, (at five minutes before ten,
p. m.) I move that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. HUGHES. I ask the gentleman from
Georgia to withdraw that motion a moment.
Mr. GARTRELL. I will.
Mr. HUGHES. I have heard, to my infinite
surprise, that while I was addressing the House
at the time when there was no point of order, or
anything else before the House, and gave the
House somewhat of a leetuie, I was misunder-
stood in something which I said. It was supposed
that my remarks applied, in a particular matter,
to a friend whom I esteem as highly as I do any
gentleman upon this floor; and with whom I am
upon terms of cordial relations. I refer to Mr.
Craige, of North Carolina. It was supposed that
I applied certain of my remarks in reference to
objection day to him. I had not that gentleman
in my mind, because I know he is a reasonable
gentleman. I should not have troubled the House
now, but that it had been said outside that my
remarks applied to him. He is the last man I
should have spoken of.
Mr. BOULIGNY. I now move that the gen-
tleman from Texas be excused upon the payment
of fees.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GARTRELL. I now press my motion
to adjourn.
The Sergeant-at-Arms here appeared atthebar
of the House, and announced that he had in cus-
tody at the bar of the House, in obedience to the
order ofihe House,Messrs. McQcEENandLoNG-
necker.
The motion of Mr. Gartrell was not agreed
to.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. BURNETT. I move that all further pro-
ceedings under the call be dispensed with.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. BARKSDALE. It is now ten o'clock,
and I move that the House do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to—ayes 31, noes
77.
Mr. LAMAR. I would like to have the unan-
imous consent of the House excusing-rne from
further attendance to-night.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. On whatgrgund?
Mr. LAMAR. On the ground of indisposition.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. Is it phys-
ical indisposition ?
Mr. McKNIGI-IT. Is the gentleman indis-
posed physically, or is he only indisposed to sit
here ?
Mr. LAMAR. I withdraw my request.
Mr. BURNETT. I move to suspend all further
proceedings m the call.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. BURCH, (at ten o'clock, p. m.) I move
that the House do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. WRIGHT. I desire to state that since
the vote was taken on excusing my colleague,
[Mr. Ei'heiuuue,] I have leceived intelligence
that he is sick at his hotel, and unable to be here.
If it bo in order, I desire to submit a motion to
reconsider the vote by which the House refused
to excuse my colleague.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The motion is
not in order at this time, there being members at
the bar of the House.
Mr. HICKMAN. 1 have a question which I
wish to bring before the House. Information has
just been communicated to me that my colleague
[Mr. Stewart, of Pennsylvania] was sick in his
bed at the time the information reached him that
there was a call of the House. He got out of his
bed, and was on his way to the Capitol or in the
Capitol, when he was taken unwell again, and he
had to go back. I state these facts to the House
as they were stated to me; and I ask, therefore,
that my colleague be excused.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. By unanimous
consent, the Chair wilt entertain the motion, both
as to Mr. Stewart and Mr. Etheridge.
There being no objection, the votes whereby
the House refused to excuse Messrs. Stewart
of Pennsylvania, and Etheridge, were reconsid-
ered; and those gentlemen were excused.
Mr. SHERMAN. I understand there is now
a quorum present. If so, I submit the ordinary
motion, that it shall be in order, after to-day, to
take a recess each day till seven o'clock.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will
state that there are one hundred and twenty mem-
beis now present. The motion of tile gentleman
from Ohio requires unammous consent. Is there
any objection r
Mr. HOWARD, of Ohio, and others objected.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The motion of
the gentleman from Ohio would not be in order
