1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL ftLOBE.
725
elcct whoever they choose—I do not care who.
My political friends have put their candidate in
nomination. if they cannot support him, let them
vote for somebody else, and talce their responsi-
bility before the country. Let us elect some one,
and then in the name of Heaven we ought to go
to the business of the session. I again demand
the previous question.
Mr. STANTON. I presume that I am entitled
to the floor. I have called on my colleague to
withdraw his motion that we go to the election of
Public Printer, and in response he moves the pre-
vious question. I supposed I still retained the
floor.
Mr. SHERMAN. If I have been speaking in
my colleague's time, and he now claims the floor,
of course I cannot object.
Mr. STANTON, lfthcfailure to elcctaPrinter
now delayed the public business; if it prevented
any legitimate anu necessary action of this House,
I would be prepared to go into it at any moment,
and if any gentleman will indicate to me any act
of legislation upon which the House cannot now
procced, in advance of the election of Printer, as
well as afterwards, I will be obliged to him. I
undertake to say, sir, that delay in the election of
Public Printer does not delay the legitimate busi-
ness of the House for a single moment. It will
not do, therefore, to undertake to forcc the elec-
tion of Public Printer at this time upon any alle-
gation that it interferes with the legitimate business
of the House.
Mr. Speaker, I am opposed to proceeding to the
election of a Public Printer now; first, for this
reason: It is matter of public notoriety, that the
pay for public printing affords a profit ranging
from twenty-five to one hundred thousand dollars,
and even two and three hundred thousand dollars
per annum. It is a grand corruption fund to be
used for party purposes. And, sir, however much
gentlemen of the other side, or the Administration
party, may choose to stain their hands with en-
terprises of this sort, I desire to wash mine of
them entirely. My deliberate judgment is that it
is the duty of this House, and. of the Republican
party that is responsible for its legislation, before
they elect a Public Printer, before they bind them-
selves to give a man a legal right to claim the con-
tract prices, to go to Avork and pass a resolution
such as has been offered this morning, or a law
such as that resolution contemplates,fixingprices
at a rate which will afford no such spoils. When
you have elected a Public Printer,'lie enters upon
the discharge of his duties with the rate of com-
pensation fixed, and lie has a legal right to the
contract prices, and any modification of the law
which you may make of those prices cannot oper-
ate pending his term of two years. A gentleman
near me says it will. Let us put off the election,
and we can settle that question definitively.
Mr. SHERMAN. I can relieve my colleague
fromall difficulty on that score. At the beginning
of the last Congress a proviso was attached to a
resolution to proceed to the election of a Public
Printer to the effect that the election of a Public
Printer should not prevent Congress from reducing
the rates and regulating the mode and manner of
conducting the public printing. I will now add
that proviso to my motion.
Mr. STAIN TON. I should like to sec that
proviso. .
Mr. PHELPS. Let it be put down in writing.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have sent for it.
Mr. STANTON. I have another word to say.
At the opening of the last Congress, a gentleman
was elected Pointer to this House who was not a
resident of this city, and who had not the facil-
ities here for doing the public printing himself—
a gentleman who had to rely upon making a con-
tract for the sale and barter of the work to some-
body who could, then to pocket the profits, go
about lus business, and use his large gams for
party purposes. I have, sir, talked a good deal
about that upon the stump, and have attributed it
as oneof the instancesof the political corruption ot
this Administration which the Republican party
called upon the country to condemn. I am not
prepared to place myself in a position ot having
that thing rolled back upon me when I go upon
the stump during the coining summer. I am not
prepared, therefore, to go into the election of a
Printer who is not a resident of this city, and who,
from necessity, will bo compelled to do precisely
what the Public Printer did at the last Congress,
and hand over the public printing to another, and
take the profits as the spoils of party victory. I
am in favor of no such thing. I am opposed to
the election of Public Printer with sucn a pros-
pect before us. Sir, I hold that, if the Republican
party expects to command the confidence and sup-
port of the country, and especially of the people
of the free States, it has got to exhibit its determ-
ination to abstain from the use of these corrupt-
ing appliances, and this plunder of the Treasury,
for mere party purposes. I will have none of it,
so far as I am concerned.
Mr. Speaker, I am appealed to as a Republican,
as a party man, and told that a nomination has
been made, and that it is obligatory upon me as
a party man to sustain that nomination. I recog-
nize the force of tha| appeal, and all I have further
to say is, that it comcs with rather an ill grace
from this quarter. I remember that in 1856 a
Republican caucus nominated a gentleman from
Ohio for Printer, and I remember that the Indiana
delegation, upon the two last ballots, and of
course upon the conclusive ballot, including my
friend before me, [Mr. Colfax,] voted for Mr.
Dcfrces, of Indiana, for Public Printer, against
that nominee. I have the record here, if gentle-
men doubt the fact, and can turn to it. Almost
the entire delegation fiom Indiana voted against
our nominee on that occasion. Therefore, what-
ever obligation rests upon r^ic as a party man, it
does not lie in the mouths of these gentlemen and
of this candidate to arraign me for a departure
from party discipline.
I am in favor, Mr. Speaker, of electing for Pub-
lic Printer some man who is a printer by trade,
or a publisher by occupation. If we wanted car-
penter work done, I would hire a carpenter here,
and not import one from abroad. Being printing
that we want done, I would hire a printer, and
pay him what his work is worth—a printer who
has the material here, and is provided with all the
means of doing the work. 1 would let him have
it with whatever of profit he could secure. If the
profit be great, ltmay make him rich; and if small,
it would not. But I will never recognize the prin-
ciple while I have a scat upon this floor—and I
do not expect to hold it long—of bringing from
a distant part of the Confederacy a candidate for
Public Printer, putting him in nomination, and
electing him, with the distinct knowledge that the
printing is to bo farmed out, and the profit to be
used for political purposes.
Now, for the reason that I know that the gen-
tleman who is to be nominated—a high-minded,
honorable gentleman, I admit, and against whom
I have nothing to say, having known him for a
long time—is riot a resident of the city of Wash-
ington, and has no means, under his o\yn control,
of doing the printing, and that he will be compelled
to employ mechanics here to do the work, I be-
lieve that the time has not yet come for entering
into this election.
There is another thing. I have a curiosity to
see the standing committees in this House before
this election is gone into—a very decided curi-
osity. I am very anxious to know how they are
to be constituted, and 1 see no reason why they
should not be announced in advance of this elec-
tion. I hope my friend from Ohio will consent to
postpone it, and let us sec and consider where this
thing is to end.
Mr. COLFAX. No person could have been
more surprised than myself at the uncalled-for and
unprovoked attack made upon me by the gentle-
man from Ohio. Nothing that I have done to that
gentleman, in my personal or political associations
with him, cither m caucus, conference, or else-
where, will justify him in the attack he has made
upon me.
But, as he has seen fit to,bring before this House
an arraignment of what I have heretofore done, as
a justification, I suppose, of what he intends to do,
1 wish to lay the facts before this House, that they
may see whether there is the slightest foundation
for the charge the gentleman from Ohio has made
against me. In the Thirty-Fourth Congress, Mr.
Follett, of Columbus, Ohio, was nominated by
the Republican caucus for Public Printer ot that
Congress. I turn to the record of the first ballot
for Printer for that Congress in the Congressional
Globe, which I hold in my hand, and I find my
name is recorded for Mr. Follett. I turn to the
record of the second vote, and T find my name
again recorded for Mr Follett. I turn to the.
record of the third vote, and I find my name again
recorded for Mr. Follett. No one having been .
elected on those ballots, the election was then
postponed. I come now, on a subsequent day, to
the fourth ballot for Public Printer, where Mr.
Follett's vote ran down to sixty-eight, nearly one
hundred being necessary to elect, and again my
name is found recorded for him. On the fifth bal-
lot, I find my name again recorded for liim.
No election being yet effected, the subject was
still further postponed until the next day. On
examining the record of that day, I find my name
again recorded in his behalf.
Mr. Defrees, of Indiana, who was not here at
the time at all, had peremptorily declined to allow
his name to be used for Public Printer; but a num-
ber of gentlemen outside of the Republican party
had seen fit to cast their votes for mm. When it
bccamc evident, after three days' effort, that it
was absolutely impossible to achieve the election
of Mr. Follett, I concede that I did, upon the la$t
ballot, in the hope of defeating the election of the
Democratic nominee for Printer, and securing the
election ofa Republican, cast my vote for Mr. De-
frees. This vote was given after it had been
proved tffbe a moral and political impossibility to
elect Mr. Follet, his vote declining steadily instead
of gaining; and after I had exhausted every exer-
tion to induce those who were not voting for him
to come over to his support.
Sir, if I did wrong there, which I think no one
on this statement of facts from the official record
will charge, it was done for the sake of the party
with which I was associated. I stood bythefiom-
; inee as long as there was any hope of achieving
j success for him; but when Mr. Follett's own par-
I ticular friends informed me that there was no
j hopes of his-clection, and thatMr. Defrees might
i possibly be eicctcd, if the Republican votes cast
j for Mr. Follett could be concentrated on him, in
, addition to the non-Republican votes he had re-
i reived, I east my vote for him. The effort, how-
ever, failed, and a Democratic Printer was elected.
Sir, I think I have shown conclusively, by the
record, by the history of the transaction, as re-
corded upon the Journals of this, body, that the
charge of the gentleman from Ohio is an ungra-
cious and an unfounded one. Now, I desire to
ask the gentleman from Ohio whether the candi-
date of his choice has any printing establishment
here; whether his paper is not printed by another
firm? and—I desire to say nothing of wnat trans-
pired in caucus—whether, if his favorite candi-
date had been nominated, he would have risen on
this floor and made the speech he has made here
to-day ?
Mr. STANTON. I will say to the 'gentleman
from Indiana, that the candidate I voted for in
caucus had made arrangements for the purchase
of an establishment in this city, for doing the^
public printing; that ho intended to do the print-
ing himself, upon his. own account and upon his
own responsibility.
Mr. COLFAX. Then the gentleman for whom
my friend voted owned no establishment what-
ever.
Mr. STANTON. But, I say, he had made
arrangements for the purchase of an establish-
ment with which to do the work himself, and upon
his own responsibility.
Mr. COLFAX. I have nothing to say of com-
binations which the gentleman seems to think
have been or are to be made; nor have I anything
to say as to how the printing will be effected. ^ 1
do not know whether^ the gentleman's favorite
candidate, whose nomination he failed to effect,
is even a practical printer or not; but as he talks
about electing a practical printer to the House, I
will say to him, that I know that Mr. Defrees
has been a practical printer for thirty years, and
that he is as well qualified to superintend the ex-
ecution of the printing of this House as any printer
that lives upon this continent.
I have only one word further to say. I regret-
ted deeply to hear the unfounded insinuation.of
the gentleman from Ohio of corruption in his own
party; and when he goes upon the stump next
fall, as he says he intends to do, I tell him that
the worst thing he will have to meet will benhc
very speech ho has made this day, in which he
has impeached, indirectly qj least, the integrity of
his own political associates. I would be the last
man upon this floor, or elsewhere, to make such
a charge without I had the facts to prove it Mr.
