1746
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 17,
one moment, I will state that he is right. The
Presiding Officer certainly said this would come
up as the unfinished business at the close of the
morning hour.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not at the close.
&Ir. MASON. 1 understood so. Whatlmeaht
to suggest was this, that the Senator from Dela-
ware, [Mr. Bayard,] chairman of the Committee
on the Judiciary, came to me just now and said
he did not wish to continue -the discussion on
this question, and that if it was taken up he would
agree to the reference.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That will be satisfactory
to me, if it can be referred, and I will defer any
remarks I was going to make upon it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
understand that as the sense of the Senate unless
objected to, and the memorial will be referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HALE. There was a memorial presented
by me upon the same subject, which I ask may
be taken up, and have the same reference.
Mr. MASON. I agree to that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
understand that as the sense of the Senate unless
objected to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolu-
tion (S. No. 32) authorizing the collection and
publication of the records and documents relating
to the history of the colonization of America by
the Commercial Companies in England, incorpo-
rated in 1G0G; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on the Library.
Mr. GWJN asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 413)
for the relief of John M. Brooke, and making an
appropriation for the use of his deep-sea-sound-
ing apparatus; which was read twicc by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent ob-
tained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 412) to
provide for the taking of private property for pub-
lic use, after allowing just compensation therefor;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
REPORTS Otf COMMITTEES.
Mr. BROWN, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 385) to incorporate the Prospect Hill
Cemetery, reported it without amendment.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 5:23) extending
the charter incorporating the German Benevolent
Society of Washington city, in the District of
Columbia, approved July 27, 1842, reported it
with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was recommitted the bill (S. No. 202) to reim-
burse the corporation of Georgetown, in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, a sum of money advanced
towards the construction of the LittlcFalls bridge,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. MASON, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred the memorial of
Jonathan Ely, legal representative of Edward
Ely, deceased, praying that the accounts of said
Edward Ely, as United States consul at Bombay,
may be settled on just and equitable principles,
submitted a report accompanied by a bill (S. No.
411) to authorize the settlement of the accounts of
Edward Ely, deceased, late consul of the United
States at Bombay, on principles of justice and
equity. The bill was read, and passed to a second
reading, and the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The Committee on Indian
Affairs, to whom were referred papers in relation
to the claim of James Pool to compensation for
corn furnished the Seneca Indians, have instructed
mo to report the same back, and recommend that
it be referred to the Court of Claims. 1 feel it to
he properly due to the committee to say that the
case is now pending before the court, and these
papers have been improperly referred to the com-
mittee.
Mr. FITCH, from the Committee on Printing,
to whom was referred the motion to print the mes-
sage of the President of the United States com-
municating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate, information in regard to the occupation,
by American citizens, of the island of Navasa in
the West Indies, reported in favor of printing the
usual number; and the report was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the motion to print the report of the
Secretary of the Interior, furnishing estimates
under the seventh section of the act of August 18,
1856, relative to clerk hire and office expenses in the
district land offices, reported in favor of printing
the usual number; and the report was agreed to.
Mr. FITCH. The Committee on Printing, to
whom was referred the motion to print the mes-
sages of the President of the United States of the
11th and 16th instant, communicating, in answer
to resolutions of the Senate, information in rela-
tion to the claim of foreign Governments to the
military serviccsof naturalized American citizens,
have directed me to report the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the messages of the President of the Uni-
ted States of the 11th ami 16th of April instant, communi-
cating, in compliance with rebolutlonb of the Senate, in-
formation in regard to tlic compulsory enlistment of Amer-
ican citizens in the aimy of Prussia, &.C., he printed ; and
that five thousand extra copies thereof be printed and
bound for the use of the Senate.
The estimate accompanies the report. The cost
will be very little, while the correspondence itself
is extremely valuable. It is, indeed,a treatise on
international law, and Senators will find, when
they become acquainted with it, that the money
is better expended than for perhaps almost any-
thing else.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
Mr. WILKINSON, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the memorial of
George G. Durham, asking compensation for ser-
vices as a clerk in the Indian bureau, submitted a
report, accompanied by a bill (S. No. 415) for the
relief of George G. Durham. Tho bill was read,
and passed to a second reading; and the report
was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of A. B.Thompson and
others, citizens of California, praying remuner-
ation for horses, mules, cattle, provisions, and
stores, taken by officers of the Army and Navy,
in the conquest of California, under a promise
uf payment by the United States, submitted an
adverse report; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILKINSON, from tho Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the petition of
Iveziah Pritchett, formerly widow of David Moore,
praying to be allowed a pension, submitted a re-
pot t, accompanied by a bill (S. No. 414) for the
relief of Keziah Pritchett, formcily widow of
David Moore. The bill was read, and passed to a
second reading; and the report was ordered to be
printed.
1 MESSAGE rROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Hayes, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bills and joint
resolution, in which the concurrence of the Sen-
ate was requested: *
A bill (No. 368) to provide payment for depre-
dations committed by the whites upon the Shaw-
nee Indians in Kansas Territory;
A bill (No. 661) to furnish additional mail facil-
ities;
A bill (No. 660) supplemental to an act, entitled
u An act providing for the taking of the seventh
and subsequent censuses of the United States, and
to fix the number of the members of the House of
Representatives, and provide for the future ap-
portionment among the several States, "approved
May 23, 1850; and
A joint resolution (No. 36) making an appro-
priation for the payment of expenses of investi-
gating committees of the House of Representa-
tives.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the following bill and jointresolutiori:
Joint resolution (S. No. 23) in regard to the
minister from Japan; and
A bill (S. No. 92) authorizing the courts to ad-
judicate, the claims of thc'legal representatives of
Sieur de Bonne, and Chevalier de Repentigny to
certain lands at Sault St. Marie, in the State of
Michigan,
The message further announced that the House
had passed the bill of the Senate (No. 228) for
the relief of Valentine Wehrheim, with an amend-
ment, in which the concurrence of the Senate was
requested.
PROPOSED RECESS.
Mr. HALE. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of the resolution which 1 sub-
mitted yesterday for the adjournment of Congress.
If we are ever going to act upon it, it is time that
we should do so now. I move to take it up.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I would suggest to the
Senator that there is a proposition probably to
come in from the other House; at least it is to be
voted on under the previous question, as I see
from reading the newspapers, and will be determ-
ined this morning; and might it not be well to
let this He over until that is acted upon ? If that
proposition comes in, we can act on it. I merely
make this suggestion to save time.
Mr. HALE. My impression is, that no reli-
ance is to be placed on that. I understand, as a
matter of rumor, that the House voted almost
anyhow—sometimes one way and sometimes the
other—and there is no knowing how they will
vote. I think it better to have the sense of the
Senate upon it. If the Senate will take it up, I
do not want to debate it a moment.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution:
Resolved by the Senate, (the IIousc of Representatives
concurring,)'That the Speaker of the Hoireoand President
of the Senate adjourn their respective Houses on Wednes-
day, the 18th of April instant, to Tuesday, the 22d of May
next.
Mr. HALE. I move to amend the resolution,
by striking out Wednesday and inserting Thurs-
day.
The amendment was agreed to. «.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I move to amend it further
by saying " From Thursday next until Tuesday,
the 1st of-May." I move to strike out the 22d
day of May and insert the 1st of May. As I am
told that a great many Senators are going away,
which probably may interrupt business, I shall
make no opposition to one clear week's adjourn-
ment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
appeal to Senators to preserve order. It is im-
possible to transact business with so much con-
fusion in the Chamber.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am certainly opposed
to the amendment proposed by the Senator from
North Carolina, which is, as I understand it, to
adjourn from the 19th of the present month until
the 1st of May; that is an adjournment for some
ten days. It seems to me, that is unjust to those
members of Congress who reside at some consid-
erable distance from the capital. What arc we
to do? We have no time to go home and return.
We should be upon the road the whole time,
and if we arc to have an adjournment at all, I
prefer 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen-
ator pause? The hour for the special order has
arrived, and it becomes the duty of the Chair to
announce that as the first business now in order,
Mr. HALE. I move to postpone the prior
orders for the purpose of disposing of this ques-
tion.
Mr. WADE. I cannot consent to that, if the
resolution is going to lead to debate.
Mr. HALE. Oh, no; it will not.
Mr. WADE. It looks very much like it.
Mr. GRIMES. The special order, I believe,
is the homestead bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The special
order is the unfinished business on which the Sen-
ate adjourned yesterday—the bill in relation to the
patent laws.
Mr. WADE. The homestead bill was made
the special order for this morning.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate
adjourned yesterday on tho patent bill, which was
left as the unfinished business, and takes prece-
dence.
Mr. WADE. I move then to postpone ail prior
orders, and take up the homestead bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Ohio, that the Committee
on Public Lands has not yet reported the home-
stead bill back to the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I wish to re-
mark, that I have been trying to get the floor to
make that report during the morning, and I felt
disposed to postpone it until we were through
with other morning business, knowing that this
report would be in order at any time. Now, as
the morning hour has expired, I am ready to make
