THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
Defrees is an honorable, high-minded, and a
trustworthy man; a fact which the gentleman
from Ohio himself felt compelled to concede. No
man has cast any aspersion upon his character
for truth, honesty, or integrity; and 1 regret, after
the gentleman happened to prove unsuccessful in
caucus, that he has seen fit to make the speech he
has made to-day.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to modify my mo-
tion, and adopt the phraseology which was used
at the commencement of the last Congress, in
reference to the same matter. And while I am
up, I desire to say that I am not for Defrees, or
for anybody in particular, but that I am for a
Public Printer. I send my resolutions to the
Olerk, and call the previous question upon them.
The resolutions, as modified, were read, as fol-
lows:
Resolved, That the House now proceed to tile election
of a Printer for the House of Representative.-; during the
Thirty-Sixth Congress, with the proviso that the House
retain the right in Congress to modify the existing law on
the subject of public punting us it may  ec pioper, the
Printer who may be elected under this resolution receiving
said appointment or election with mid upon the condition j
above set forth. |
Resolved, That a committee of seven be appointed by the 1
Speaker, to examine into the laws in relation to^thc print- j
ingfor the House of Representatives, the precise price paid
therefor, and the duties of the Public Printer; whose duly
it shall be to report thereon with the least practicable de-
lay, together with such change or improvement therein as
they may deem advisable.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire the attention of the
gentleman from Ohio a moment. 1 believe I in-
troduced that proviso last Congress; but upon
hearing it read now, it seems to me that it may
not be quite as specific as the gentleman from
Ohio or myself might desire. The resolution
does not refer to prices. It speaks of a modifica-
tion of the law. I do not know whether that will
cover all the ground the gentleman "desires. If
the gentleman thinks it would, I have no objec-
tion.
Mr. GROW. The special committee last Con-
gress so understood it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not care how broad
you make the proviso.
Air. MAYjnARD. I should like to know
whether the proviso embraces the appointment
of a special committee on the subject?
A Member. It does.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers;and appointed
Messrs. McPhersom and Woodson.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 72, noes 83.
So the previous question did not receive a
second.
Mr. SHERMAN. I see that there is a desire j
upon the part of the House to postpone this sub-
ject; and I certainly will not resist the will of the !
House. 1 move, therefore, that the resolution ]
be postponed until Monday next. [Cries of ,
"Agreed!" "No!"] j
Mr. SHERMAN called for the yeas and nays I
upon the motion. :
The SPEAKER ordered tellers upon the yeas !
and nays; and appointed Messrs. Bingham and
Nof.ll.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
three in the affirmative.
So the yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN called for tellers on the motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Bingham
and Noell were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
yeas one hundred and three, noes not counted.
So the motion was agreed to; and the subject
was postponed tmtil Monday next.
STANDING COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER announced the following as
the standing committees of the House for the
present session:
Committee of Elections —John A. Gilmer of
Noith Carolina, Henry L. Dawes of Massachu-
setts, .Tames H. Campbell of Pennsylvania, Wil-
liam W. Boyee of South Carolina, Oilman Mars-
ton of New Hampshire, Jdhn W. Stevenson of
Kentucky, Lucius J. Gartrell of Georgia, John
L. N. Stratton of New Jersey, and Robert Mo-
Knight of Pennsylvania.
Of Ways and Means—John Sherman of Ohio,
H. Winter Davis of Maryland, John 8. Phelps of
Missouri, Thaddeus Stevens of Pennsylvania,
Israel Washburn of Maine, John S. Millson of
Virginia, Justin S. Morrill of Vermont, Martin
:J. Crawford of Georgia, and ElbridgeG. Spauld-
ing of New York.
On Claims—Mason W. Tappan of New Hamp-
shire, Charles B. Hoard of New York, John A.
McClemand of Illinois, Alfred Ely ofNewYork,
Sydenham Moore of Alabama, E. P. Walton of
Vermont, Horace Maynard of Tennessee, James
T. Hale of Pennsylvania, and John Hutchins of
Ohio.
On Commerce—Ellihu B. Washburne of Illi-
nois, Edward Wade of Ohio, John Cochrane of
New York, Thomas D. Eliot of Massachusetts,
William N. H. Smith of North Carolina, James
IC. Moorhead, of Pennsylvania,-Lucius Q,. C.
Lamar of Mississippi, John T. Nixon of New
Jersey, and Sherrard Clemens of Virginia.
On Public Lands—■EliThayer of Massachusetts,
Owen Lovejoy of Illinois, Williamson R. W.
Cobb of Alabama, John Covode of Pennsylvania,
John G. Davis of Indiana, Carey A. Trimble of
Ohio, William Vandever of Iowa, William Win-
dom of Minnesota, and J. Richard Barrett of
Missouri.
On the Post Office and Post Roads—Schuyler
Colfax of Indiana, John Woodruffof Connecticut,
William H. English of Indiana, Green Adams of
Kentucky, John B. Alley of Massachusetts, Reu-
ben Davis of Mississippi, James Craig of Missouri,
William Holmick of Ohio, and M. Lindley Lee
of New York.
For the District of Columbia—Luther C. Carter
of New York, David Kilgoro of Indiana, Henry
C. Burnett of Kentucky, Alexander H. Rice of
Massachusetts, Muscoe R. H.Garnett ofVirginia,
Roscoe Conkling of New York, Roger A. Pryor
of Virginia, Sidney Edgerton of Ohio, and Wil-
liam C. Anderson of Kentucky.
On the Judiciary—John Hickman of Pennsyl-
vania, John A. Bingham of Ohio, George S.
Houston of Alabama, Miles Taylor of Louisiana,
Thomas A. R. Nelson of Tennessee, William
Kellogg of Illinois, John PI. Reynolds of New
York, Christopher Piobinson of Rhode Island, and
Albert G. Porter of Indiana.
On Revolutionary Claims—George Briggs of
New York, Orris S. Ferry of Connecticut, Sam-
uel S. Cox of Ohio, Zebulon B. Vance of North
Carolina, James Jackson of Georgia, R. Holland
Duell of New York, Daniel C. De Jarnette of
Virginia William S. Holman of Indiana, and
Reuben E. Fenton of New York.
On Public Expenditures—John B. Haskin of
New York; George W. Palmer of NewYork,
Henry A. Edmundson of Virginia, John W. Kil-
linger of Pennsylvania, Daniel E. Somes of Maine,
Thomas C. Hmdman of Arkansas, John Wood
of Pennsylvania, David Clopton of Alabama, and
Philip Be Fouke of Illinois.
On Private Land Claims—CadwaladerC. Wash-
burn of Wisconsin, Clark B. Cochrane of New
V ork, William T. Avery of Tennessee, William
S. Kenyon of New York. Georsp S. Hawkins
of Florida, Andrew J. Hamilton of Texas, Thom-
as L. Anderson of Missouri, John E. Bouiigny
of Louisiana, and Samuel S. Blair of Pennsyl-
vania.
On Manufactures—Charles F. Adams of Mas-
sachusetts,George W. Scranton of Pennsylvania,
John McQueen of South Carolina, Shelton F
Leake of Virginia, Laban T. Moore of Kentucky,
Ezra B. French of Maine, W. McKee Dunn of
Indiana, Jeter R. Riggs of New Jersey, and
James B. McKean of New York.
On Jlp'icuUure — Martin Butterfield of New
York, John Carey of Ohio, William G. White-
ley of Delaware, William Stewart of Pennsylva-
nia, John V. Wright of Tennessee, Francis M. i
Bristow of Kentucky, Cyrus Aldrich of Minne- j
sota, John C. Burch of California, and Galusha !
A. Grow of Pennsylvania.
On Indian Affairs—Emerson F.theridge of Ten-!
nessee, Silas M. Burroughs of New York, Samuel ;
H. Woodson of Missouri, John F. Farnsworth !
of Illinois,HoraceF.Clark ofNewYork,Charles !
L. Scott of California, DeWitt C. Leach of Mich- !
igan, Thomas M. Edwards of New Hampshire, |
and Cyrus Aldrich of Minnesota.
Oil Military Jlffairs—Benjamin Stanton of Ohio,
Samuel R. Curtis of Iowa, Millcdge L. Bonham
of South Carolina, James Buffinton of Massa-
chusetts, Abraham B. Olin of New York, John
J. McRae of Mississippi, George -H. Pendleton
of Ohio, Henry C. Longnecker of Pennsylvania,
and Alexander R. Boteler of Virginia.
On the Militia—Cydnor B. Tompkins of Ohio,
William Irvine of New York, Albert G. Jenkins
of Virginia, Edwm H. Webster of Maryland,
James M. Q.uarles of Tennessee, Thomas Ruffin
of North Carolina, Alfred Wells of New York,
Thomas C. Theaker of Ohio, and William E.
Simms of Kentucky.
On vtd Mfa Irs—Freeman H. Morse of Maine,
Thomas S. Bocock of Virginia, Emory B. Pottle
of New York, Warren Winslow of North Caro-
lina, James Wilson of Indiana, Jabez L. M.
Curry of Alabama, Charles B. Sedgwick of New
York, J. Morrison Harris of Maryland, and John
Schwartz of Pennsylvania.
On Foreign Affairs—Thomas Corwin of Ohio,
Anson Burlingame of Massachusetts, William
Barksdale of Mississippi, Edward Joy Morris of
Pennsylvania, Lawrence O'B. Branch of North
Carolina, Homer E. Royce of Vermont, W. Por-
cher Miles of South Carolina, Joshua Hill of
Georgia, and James Humphrey of New York.
On Territories—Galusha A. Grow of Pennsyl-
vania, John J. Perry of Maine, William Smith
of Virginia, Daniel W. Gooch of Massachusetts,
Henry Waldron of Michigan, John B. Clark of
Missouri, Charles Case of Indiana, Clement L.
Vallardigham of Ohio, and James M. Ashley of
Ohio.
On Revolutionary Pensions—John F. Potter of
Wisconsin, John P. Verree of Pennsylvania,
Burton Craige of North Carolina, Garnett B.
Adrain of New Jersey, Benjamin F. Junkin of
Pennsylvania, John H. Reagan of Texas, Elijah
Babbitt of Pennsylvania, Charles Delano of Mas-
sachusetts, and James M. Leach of North Caro-
lina.
On Invalid Pensions—Reuben E. Fenton of New
York, Stephen C. Foster of Maine, Daniel E.
Sickles of New York, Thomas B. Florence of
Pennsylvania, William B. Stokes of Tennessee,
Francis W. Kellogg of Michigan, Chapin Hall
of Pennsylvania, Reese B. Brabson of Tennessee,
and Charles D. Martin of Ohio.
On Roads and Canals—Robert Mallory of Ken-
tucky, Isaac N. Morris of Illinois, W\ McKee
Dunn of Indiana, Otho R. Singleton of Missis-
sippi, Silas M. Burroughs of New York, John
A. Gurley of Ohio, William Montgomery of Penn-
sylvania, Albert Rust of Arkansas, and Orris S.
Ferry of Connecticut.
On Patents—William Milhvard of Pennsyl-
vania, James A. Stewartof Maryland, Alfred A.
Burnham of Connecticut, William E. Niblackof
Indiana, and Augustus Frank of New York.
On Public Buildings and Grounds—Charles R
Train of Massachusetts, Charles L. Beale of New
York, Lawrence M. Keitt of South Carolina, Ed-
ward McPherson of Pennsylvania, and Samuel 0.
Peyton of Kentucky.
On Revised and Unfinished Business—John A.
Logan of Illinois, John J. Jones of Georgia, Wil-
liam Howard of Ohio, Elijah Babbitt of Pennsyl-
vania, and Stephen C. Foster of Maine.
On Accounts—Francis E. Spinner of New York,
JacobM. KunkelofMaryland, Harrison G. Blake
of Ohio, James H. Graham of NewYork, and
William Allen of Ohio.
On Mileage—John D Ashmore of South Caro-
lina, Charles H. Van Wyck ofNewYork, D wight
Loomis of Connecticut, Thomas Hardeman of
Georgia, and James C. Robinson of Illinois.
On Engraving—Garnett B. Adrain of New Jer-
sey, John Covode of Pennsylvania, and William
B. Maolay of New York.
On Expenditures in the State Department—.Tames
B. McKean of New York, Lansing Stoutof Ore-
gon, Thomas J. Barrof New York, Peter E.Love
of Georgia, and Henry L. Dawes of Massachu-
setts.
On Expenditures in the Treasury Department—
D wight Loomis of Connecticut, James M. Cluarles
of Tennessee, Alfred Wells of New York, James
H. Thomas of Tennessee, and Charles R. Train
of Massachusetts.
On Expenditures in the War Department—Wil-
liam Stewartof Pennsylvania, Charles H. Lar-
rabee of Wisconsin, Cydnor B. Tompkins of
Ohio, George B. Cooper of Michigan, and Jus-
tin S. Morrill of Vermont.
On Expenditures in the Navy Department—Rob-
ert Hatton of Tennessee, John ~W. H. Under-
wood of Georgia, Samuel S. Blair of Pennsyl-
vania, George W. Hughes of Maryland, and John
Sherman of Ohio.
