2890
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
until further proceedings ill the call are dispensed
with.
Mr. AVERY. I move that all further proceed-
ings in the call be dispensed with. It is perfectly
obvious that no good can result from it—nothing
but punishment tons who have been here all day,
and an expense to the Government.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I submit to the candor
and good sense of gentlemen, whether, if we con-
tinue this scene of wrangling much longer, we
will not disqualify ourselves for business to-mor-
row. I now (five minutes after ten o'clock, p.
m.) move that the House adjourn; and on that I
call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. MILLSON, 1 design to submit a motion
which I think is in accordance with law.
Mr. RUST. I rise to a point of order. The
gentleman from Virginia cannot make a motion
while the motion of the gentleman from Louisi-
ana is pending.
Mr. BOULIGNY. That is right. I am emi-
nently entitled to tiie floor. I call for the report
of the Sergeant-at Arms.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The motion of
the gentleman from Louisiana is certainly in
order.
Mr. MILLSON. But mine will supersede his.
Mr. BOULIGNY. I cannot consent.
Mr. MILLSON. I do not ask thegentleman's
conscnt.
Mr. RUST. I thought the Chair had decided
that my point was well taken.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The motion of
the gentleman from Louisiana is a privileged mo-
tion, that these gentlemen be brought to the bar of
"the House. Two motions can intervene—om;to
suspend further proceedings under the call, and
the other to adjourn. The Chair asks the gen-
tleman from Virginia what motion he intends to
make ?
Mr. MILLSON. I am perfectly aware of all
that. The motion which I submitis, thatall further
proceedings in the fall be postponed till to-mor-
row morning, at eleven o'clock. The motion is
itself debatable, and I shall only say a word or
two for the purpose of explaining the object 1
have in making the motion.
Mr. RUST. Does the Chair hold that the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Virginia is m order?
The SPEAKER pro tcmpoie. The Chair de-
cides, in accordance with the Manual that lies
before him, that the motion is not in older.
Mr. MILLSON. 1 appeal from the decision
of the Chair; and I desire to say a word or two
in regard to it. It is very important to settle this
question of'order.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Is an appeal from the
decision of the Chair debatable? The Chair has
held that a motion to suspend all further proceed-
ings in the call is not a debatable motion. The
gentleman from Virginia makes a different mo-
tion; one that has never yet been received under
a call of the House. It is a point which the gen-
tleman stated on a former occasion. The Chair
will have the rule read.
Mr. MILLSON. Will the Chair allow me to
ctatc the point of order before he decides it?
The SPEAKER pro tempore The Chair will
hear the gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. MILLSON. The Chair rules the motion
to postpone all further proceedings m the call till
to-morrow to be out of order. It was a motion
which I only made with a view of enabling the
gentleman from Ohio to move to go into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state; of the Union.
Mr. RUST. The gentleman has announced that
he is an orderly member. Now, I desire to sub-
mit to him, and I will leave it for his own judg-
ment to say, whether he is in order in debatins
this proposition ?
TheSPEAKERpro tempore. The Chair thinks
the gentleman from Virginia is hardly in order.
Mi. MILLSON. If i did not believe I was in
order, I would take my seat instantly.
Mr. RUST, Well, I appeal to the gentleman
himself to know how he can be in order in ad-
dressing the House upon a proposition which is
not debatable, and which is itself out of order.
Mr. MILLSON. I think the proposition is in
order, and it is because I think so that I have
risen to say a word upon it.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will
state his decision upon the question of order. The
Chair has stated, that by an adjournment all pro-
ceedings in the call are terminated; therefore, if
the motion of the gentleman from Virginia be en-
tertained, and adopted by the House, and the
House should subsequently adjourn, all proceed-
ings in the call would necessarily be terminated.
The Chair decidcs that the motion of the gentle-
man from Virginia, to postpone the proceedings
under the call is equivalent to a motion to dispense
with all proceedings under the call, and is not,
therefore, debatable. Prom this decision the gen-
tleman from Virginia appeals, and the question
is, " Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the
judgment of the House ?"
Mr. MILLSON. Is it in order for the Chair
to debate an appeal by stating his reasons, and
then refuse the member making the question of
order the right also to state his reasons for making
it? I ask that the note attached to the 63d rule
be read.
Mr. BOULIGNY. This whole proceeding is
out of order. The gentleman from Virginia has
clearly no right to say anything.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will
say, in reply to the remark of the gentleman from
Virginia, that the 2d rule expressly provides that
the Speaker may speak to points of order in pref-
erence to other members. The Chair has simply
stated his decision and his ground for making it.
Mr. MILLSON. I desire the Chair now to
have read the note to the G3d rule, which will
show that my construction of the rule is a proper
one.
The SPEAKER pro tempore The note will be
read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" The uilc, originally established in relation to a call
of the [Iou^e, winch \vas> on the 13ih of Novcmfoei, 1789,
differed from the ptf^ent 1 ule, 111 this • there was one day's
notice to be £ivcn, and it lequned a voteoi the House, and
not fifteen members to ouler a member into custody. It
was changed to its piosent form on the 11th December,
1795. Oil the 7th January, 180~2, it was changed back to
its original form, to lequire ( an Older of the House' to take
absent members Into custody, and so lemanied until the
23d Decembor, 181 i, when it was agum changed to what
it is now—i. e., fifteen members."
Mr. MILLSON. I now rise to withdraw my
appeal, having been denied the right to debate it.
Mr. McQueen7 was then arraigned at the bar.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. McQ.tjeen,
you have been absent from tiie House without its
leave. What excuse have you to lender?
Air. McQ,UEEN. I was in the House when
it resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union. 1 moved that the House
adjourn; and I think that the House ought to
have adjourned at that time. I have seen many
of-these night sessions, and I have never seen any
good to the country resulting from any of them;
while, on the contrary, I have seen much mischief
grow out of them. I went home and got my sup-
per. I was notified at the hotel that an order
had issued to summon absent members; and I
came here of my own accord. 1 have no truth-
ful excusc to make cxcept that, and I make none.
On motion of Mr. D0UL1GN Y, Mr. McQueen
was ordered to be discharged from custody on
payment of fees.
Air. Loxgxecker was next arraigned at the*
bar.
ThcSlPEAKER pro tempore. Mr.LoxGXECKER,
you have been absery, from the House without
its leave. What excuse have you to offer?
Air. LONGNECICER. I do not know that I
have any excuse at all. I remained here as long
as I thought any public business was to be trans-
acted; and as I understand, from the report of the
i Secretary of the Treasury, that this Government
j is poor, I am willing to pay my fine. I under-
i stand that the tautF bill is not to pass the Senate,
I not to become a law of the countiv, and that,
! therefore, the revenue will not be"sufficient to
| meet the expenses of the Government. I there-
! fore :mi willing to relieve the Treasury to the
amount of the fees for my arrest.
Air. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. As the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania has exhibited so much
consideration for the condition of the finances of
the Government, I move that he be excused upon
payment of fees simply.
The motion was agreed to.
The Sergcant-at-Arms appeared at the bar, and
presented, as having been arrested by the order
of the House, Messrs. Wood, Harris of Mary-
land, Riggs, Davis of Indiana, Holman, Pugh,
and others.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Air. Wood, you
have been absent from the House without its
leave. What excuse have you to offer?
Mr. WOOD. I left the House, for the purpose
of getting my dinner, at five o'clock. I meant no
discourtesy to the House, but am willing to pay
my fine.
Air. BOULIGNY. The gentleman excuses
himself by saying that he left the House at five
o'clock. That was evidently too soon;and I move
that he be fined to the amount of the fees, and
then be excused.
Mr. WOOD. I will say, in addition, that I
should have been back here by seven o'clock, but
for the fact that I met a man who told me that the
House had adjourned.
Mr. BOULIGNY. Well, I want to know of
.the gentleman from Pennsylvania whether this is
the first or second offense?
Air. WOOD. Oh, the first, certainly.
Air. Wood was ordered to be excused on pay-
ment of fees.
Air. HARRIS, of Maryland was presented at
the bar.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Air. Harris,
you have been absent from the House without
its leave. What excuse have you to offer?
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. Is it in order for
me to ask what business the House has been
transacting?
Mr. BOCJLIGNY. We have been trying to
get the members here. [Laughter.]
Mr. REAGAN. When 1 was called upon to
answer at the bar, I was not given the liberty of
saying what I thought ought to be said. I must
say that I think the interrogatory propounded
by the gentleman from Maryland is a very perti-
nent one. I hope that it will be faiily answered.
If the people could see, as it is, the scene enacted
during these night sessions, their cheeks would
flush at the shame put upon the country.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
5s clearly out of order.
Mr. BOULIGNY. The shame referred to,
that is put upon the country, is because it is the
only way left to compel the presence of lagging
and neglectful members. If members do not dis-
charge the duties imposed upon them; if they are
careless and deficient, as we have proved many
of them have been by this call of the House, not
only fine but imprisonment ought to be their doom.
[Great laughter.]
Mr. BURCH. I will say a word, with the per-
mission of the gentleman from Maryland.
Air. HARRIS, of Maryland. Certainly, sir; I
have no desire to occupy the floor under the cir-
cumstances. [Laughter.]
Air. BURCH. We have, I think, been harassed
long enough by this proceeding.
A Voice. What a frightful pun ! [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from Maryland has the floor to answer the ques-
tion that has been propounded to him.
Mr. HAR.PJS, of Maryland. Am I to under-
stand that my question is irrelevant?
The SPEAKER, pro tempore. There is nothing
in the rules directing the mode of the answer. ^
Air. HARRIS, of Maryland. I have been in*
the gallery for some time, witnessing the proceed-
ings of this House.
Air. BOULIGNY. The gentleman's proper
seat was upon the floor, and not m the gallery.
[Laughter.]
Mr. HARRIS, of Alaryland. I observed that
my friend from Louisiana takes a great interest m
this matter. He contented himself with impos-
ing the payment of costs upon delinquent mem-
bers. Now, however, he has grown fiercer, and
he talks of imprisonment. I had better at once,
therefore, state what is the fact, that I really have
no valid excuse for my absence. But, sir, while
I have been absent without cause, it cannot be
denied that the House has been present without
business. [Laughter.]
Air. CURTIS*. I make the point of order upon
the gentleman that he cannot reflect upon the
House.
Mr. BOULIGNY. Is this the first or second
offense of the gentleman from Alaryland ? If it be
the second offense, 1 move that he pay a quad-
ruple fine. [Laughter.]
