1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
727
On Expenditures in the Post Office Department—
George "YV. Palmer of Now York, Elbert S. Mar-
tin of Virginia, Laban T. Moore of Kcn tucky,
John M. Landrum. of Louisiana, and Benjamin
Stanton of Ohio.
On Expenditures on the Public Buildings—Wil-
liam D. bray ton of Rhode Island, John W. Noell
of Missouri, E. P. Walton of Vermont, John T.
Harris of Virginia, and Thomas A. R. Nelson of
Tennessee.
Joint Committee on the Library—Jt>hn U. Pettit
of Indiana, Charles F. A~dams of Massachusetts,
and James L. Pugh of Alabama.
Joint Committee on Printing—John A. Gurley
of Ohio, John B. Haskin of New York, and
William H. Dimmick of Pennsylvania.
Joint Committee on Enrolled Bills—Thomas G.
Davidson of Louisiana, and Thomas C. Theaker
of Ohio.
contested election.
Mr. STEVENSON. I rise to a question ofpriv-
ilegc. I present to the House the memorial of
James S. Chrisiman. contesting the scat of Wil-
liam C. Anderson, of the fourth congressional
district of Kentucky. I ask that the memorial
be referred to the Committee of Elections, and be
ordered to be printed.
It was so ordered.
president's annual message.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the President's
annual message be taken up and read.
The motion was agreed to.
The Clerk thereupon proceeded to read the an-
nual message, as heretofore published with the
proceedings of the House.
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, the message
was referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SHERMAN submitted a motion, that the
usual number of extra copies of the message and
accompanying documents be printed; which, un-
der the law, was referred to the Committee on
Printing.
members op committees excused.
Mr FARNSWORTH. I rise to a question of
privilege. I ask to be excused from serving on
the Commktee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I wish to know
whether, if the gentleman is excused from serving
on that committee, he will want to be placed on
another committee ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will respond to
the gentleman by saying that every committee
is now full; and that unless some change takes
place, if the House excuses the gentleman from
Illinois, he cannot be placed upon any other com-
mittee.
The question was put, and Mr. Farnswortii
was excused.
Mr. REAGAN. I desire to ask to be excused
from serving 011 the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions; and I wish to give the reasons why I
make this request. I have the honor to represent,
in part, a State containing two hundred ana thirty-
eight thousand square miles of territory, having
an Indian frontier of twelve hundred miles in ex-
tent, upon which there has been a continuous war
for several years with the Indians, and where hos-
tilities are of almost perpetual occurrence, having
a Mexican frontier upon which difficulties are
now anticipated and actually occurring. Our In-
dian relations are of an extensive and very trouble-
some charactcr; and if my colleague or myself
had been placed on the Military Committee or on
the Committee on Indian Affairs, we could have
been of some service to our constituents. We
also have a Gulf coast of a thousand miles in ex-
tent, which has been long neglected, and where
les^has been done bylho Government than for
any other equal extent of coast in the Union, de- ■
mandmgimportantworks of improvement, which |
would have enabled either of us to be of some |
scrvicc to our constituents upon the Committee i
on Commerce. ' Wc have also a mail service ;
which, on account of our extensive territory, is .
not exceeded 111 extent and importance by that of j
any Slate in the Union; and either of us could j
have been of some service on the Committee on '
the Post Office and Post Roads. j
But, instead of being placed upon any of these :
committees, 1 find mysejf placed upon the Com- j
mittec on Revolutionary Pensions, having charge :
of a subject in which my State has kss interest
than any other State, except those as new as she
is. There is not probably a revolutionary pen-
sioner in Texas. I represent, in part, sir, a State
havingapopulation of six hundred thousand souls, •
having at stake interests of the utmost importance
to them, while I have been placed upon a com-
mittee perfectly useless to my State, and while my
colleague has been placed upon the Committee on
Private Land Claims, in the face of the fact that
they have a totally different land system in Texas
from that which prevails in the other States, and
which has no connection with the land system of
the United States; and hence his services on that
committee will be utterly useless, so far as our
constituents are concerned.
It seems to me that there has been an utter disre-
gard of the great interests of the State I have the
honor in part to represent in the constitution of
the committees of the House, by not placing cither
my colleague or myself upon some one of those
committees which 1 have named; and in placing
us upon committees where our services can be of
no worth to our constituents. For these reasons
I respectfully ask leave to be cxcusod fiom serving
on the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
The motion was agreed to; and Mr. Reagan
was accordingly excused.
Mr. HAMILTON. I wish to indorse what my
colleague has just said, and to say that he does
not feel the force of the facts to which he has re-
ferred more deeply than myself. And I will add
this, without any reference personally to myself,
that it .ought to have been known to the Speaker
of the House, if it was not, that there are no pub-
lic lands in our State with which this Government
has anything to do; that there arc no land claims
there that cannot be taken care of by the State of
Texas. She owned the soil before she came into
the Union; she owns it now, and there arc no
claims respecting it that can come up here for ad-
justment. I ask this House to excuse me from
serving on the committee of which I have been
appointed a member, and I trust that the request
will be*granted. I would do the same for any
gentleman on either side of the Chamber under
similar circumstances. I ask to be excused from
serving upon the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
The motion was agreed to; and Mr. Hamilton
was accordingly cxcused.
contested election.
Air. HUGHES presented the memorial of Wil-
liam H. Harrison, of the city of Baltimore, con-
testing the scat of PI. Winter Davis; which was
referred to the Committee of Elections, and or-
dered to be printed.
WITHDRAWAL OF A PAPER.
Mr. CAMPBELL asked leave to withdraw the
papers in the ease of Mrs. Bowman from the files
of the House.
Mr. FLORENCE. If the purpose is to refer
them to the Senate or to one of the Departments,
I make no objection. If it is to withdraw them
altogether, however, I shall object, unless copies
are left.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The purpose is to refer
them to the Senate.
No objection being made, leave was granted.
pacific railroad.
Mr. SCOTT. I ask unanimous consent to
offer the following resolution:
flcsolved, That >0 much of the President's message and
accompanying documents as relates to the Pacific railroad
be reteired to a soiect committee ot eleven, with power to
report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. GARNETT. I object.
Mr. TAYLOR. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce some bills for reference
only.
Mr. GROW. I object; let the States be called,.
and let us proceed regularly.
department of agriculture.
Mr. HUGHES. T ask unanimous consent to
offer the following resolutions of inquiry.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Ilesoh-ed, That the Committee on Agricultu.-e be in-
structed to inquire into tlje expediency ot e&tabiishing, by
hiw, an additional Exccntivc Dcpaitment, to be called the
u Department of Agriculture," and that the said committee
'ii' authorized to report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. HOUSTON.1 I objcct.
TIIE TOBACCO TRARB.
_ The Clerk read Mr. Hughes's second resolu-
tion , as follows:
Resolvei, That a select committee of — members be ap-
pointed by the Chair to inquire into'the present condition
of the tobacco trade of the United States with foreign coun-
tries, and to report what legislation or negotiation, if any,
may be neeessary to improve its condition.
Mr. GARNETT. I object to any resolution
being introduced unless it is in the^regular order.
I think we will promote the speedy dispatch of
legislation by acting up to the rules, and object-
ing to departures from them. Whenever! am
in my seat, I will object, and call for the regular
order of business; and I hope members will so
understand me.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggest that members be
called by States for bills and resolutions. In that
mode, all of us will have an equal chance.
Mr. GROW. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I move that when the
House adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday
next.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I suggest that
the Senate may get through with the Post Office
appropriation bill to-day, and that it may be our
duty to be here to act upon their amendments, if
any, to-morrow.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I withdraw the motion
to adjourn over. I recognize the force of my col-
league's suggestion; and as the passage of the
Post Office appropriation bill is important, I trust
that we will meet to-morrow, in order to act upon
any amendments the Senate may send us.
Mr. Grow's motion was adopted; and there*
upon (at twenty-five minutes to three o'clock, p.
111.) theiHouse adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 10, 1860. "
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. "Prayer
by Rev. J. L. Elliot.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
vacancies in committees filled.
The SPEAKER filled vacancies in the stand-
ing committees, as follows: Committee on Indian
Affairs—Mr. Reagan, of Texas. Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions—Mr. Thomas, of Ten-
nessee. Committee on Private Land Claims—
Mr. Hindman, of Arkansas.
executive communications.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing executive communications; which were
disposed of as indicated below:
A message from the President of the United
States, under date of February 6,1860, transmit-
ting a copy of a letter of the 22d of April last,
from the charge d'affaires ad interim of the United
States in China, and of the regulations for con-
sular courts which accompanied it, for such re-
vision thereof as Congress may deem expedient,
pursuant to the eighth section of the act approved
August 11, 1848. Referred to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
A communication from the Secretary of State,
transmitting the names, &c., of the persons em-
ployed by the Slate Department. Laid upon the
table, and ordered to be printed.
A communication from the Secretary of State,
transmitting an abstract of returns for registered
American seamen. Laid upon the table, and or-
dered to be printed.
A. communication from the Secretary of State rel-
ative to the annual report from the State Depart-
ment on foreign commerce for 1859. Laid upon
the table, and ordered to be printed.
A communication from the Secretary of State,
showing the disbursements of the contingent fund
of the Department, balances, contingent expenses-
of foreign intercourse,&c. Laid upon the table,
and ordered to be printed.
A communication from the Secretary of the In-
terior, transmitting a1 statement of balances, ap-
propriations, transfers, repayments,accounts car-
ried to the surplus fund, &e., prepared by the
Second Comptroller, in accordance with the act
of May 1, 1820, for the fiscal year ending June
30, 1859. Laid upon the table, and ordered to be
printed.
A communication from the Secretary of the
