1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE..
1747
the report, and I hope the Senate will receive it,
and proceed to the consideration of what was made
the special order for this day.
Mr. HALE I want to know whether my mo-
tion is in order. I have moved to postpone the
special order, for the purpose of disposing of this
resolution of adjournment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
first in order is, to postpone all previous orders,
for the purpose of continuing the consideration of
the resolution that was under consideration. That
is the first question.
Mr. HALE. Exactly; and [ hope we shall
dispose of it in half an hour. I have no disposi-
tion to debate it.
Mr. GWIN. Inasmuch as I am entirely op-
posed to this recess, I ask for the yeas and nays
011 this motion; and let us make it a test question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DAVIS. I should like to hear what the
question is.
'The PRESIDING OFFICER. To postpone
all previous orders, for the purpose of continuing
the consideration of the resolution offered by the
Senator from New Hampshire, proposinga recess.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 27, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Brown, Cliesnut,
Collamer. Davis, Fitch, Foot, Foster, Hale, Hemphill,
Iverson, Kennedy, Lane, Mason, Powell, Pugh, Sebastian,
Seward, Simmons, Slidell, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Thomson,
Wigfail, Wilson, and Yulee—27.
NAYS —Messrs. Bragg, Bright, Cameron, Chandler,
Clark, Cimgman, Crittenden, Dixon, Durkee, Fessenden,
Fitzpatrick, Grimes, Gwin, Hammond,Harlan, Johnson of
Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee, King, Nicholson, Polk,
Rice, Toombs, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilkinson—£>.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I trust, if we are to ad-
journ at all, we shall certainly adjourn over the
period of the sitting of both conventions, and not
for ten days merely. The pending proposition is,
to adjourn from the 19th April until the lstday of
May, on the motion of the Senator from N orth Car-
olina. That is the pending proposition. and I trust
that amendment will not at any rate be adopted;
but Iamopposedtoadjourningatall. It does seem
to me that there are important measures before
Congress that require our attention; and I do not
believe either 111 adjourmngfor thirty days or ten
days, or in neglecting the public business by pair-
ing off, so that we shall not have a quorum here.
Wc have great measures pending. Here is the
homestead bill, one of the most important meas-
ures, I think, that has ever been before Congress; 1
and are we to be justified m adjourning from day j
to day, doing nothing, and Buffering these great '
measures to fail for want of time? Why, sir, at !
the last Congress, <he homestead bill passed the
House of Representatives, and we never could
get a vote on it in this body for want of time. It
was crowded out here by some other measure.
Here is the Pacific railroad bill, of which I am
reminded. Some measure must pass this Con- ;
gross to provide the ltjeans for carrying on the j
Government. Here we have had a Government 1
running in debt millions of dollars every year for j
several years, and we must either cut down the ap- ;
propriations, or we must raise the means to pay j
the debts that we are incurring. It is a most un- j
fortunate example that we are setting to the world, j
in a time of profound peace, borrowing money to |
carry on the Government. If the expenses of j
this Government are necessarily eighty or a hun- 1
dred million dollars a year, as they have been un- ;
der the last and present Administrations, let us |
provide the means in some way, and pay these ;
expenses, and in some other way than by issuing ,
Treasury notes, or borrowing money.
Now, sir, if we adjourn for ten 01* for thirty j
days, the result of it will be, that we shall come |
back here in the heat of summer; and then there j
will be a great anxiety to adjourn Congress final- 1
ly. Wo shall merely pass the ordinary appropn- ,
ntion bills, and the great interests of the country j
will be neglected. I trust that we shall stay here. !
If a few Senators or a few members of the other
House desire to attend the conventions, I presume
they cull do so without breaking up a quorum.
For my part, I think that we are sent hereto le-
gislate for the country, and not to engage m these
political conventions to make Presidents.
Mr. GWIN. I consider, Mr. President, that
if this resolution passes, it is equivalent to noti-
fying the country that we shall pass nothing dur-
ing this Congress except the appropriation bills.
1 do hope that every member of this body, who
takes an interest in other questions outside of the
mere appropriation bills to carry on the Govern-
ment, will resist this attempt to adjourn Congress—
for it is equivalent to an adjournment—and calling
us together a month hence. I hope we shall go
on and legislate, as we can, 011 very many im-
portant questions, notwithstanding the absence of
some members of this body.
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 wish to modify my
amendment, and make the day of reassembling
the 30th of April, instead of the 1st of May. That
will take but six legislative days. There will be
two Saturdays and two Sundays included. I pre-
fer going on with the public business. I learn,
though, that certain Senators are going to Charles-
ton, and a number of others have taken that oc-
casion to pair oft' for the purpose of going home;
and I think it quite probable that those of us ^rtio
sit here will be obliged merely to come in from
day to day, and wo shall accomplish nothing. In
that view of the case, therefore, I prefer having a
clear adjournment for the time I have indicated;
and if my amendment is adopted, I have 110 ob-
jection to taking it in that form, but otherwise I
shall vote against the proposition.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to ask the
Senator from North Carolina a question. Will
he then agree to adjourn again for ten days for
the Chicago convention ?
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will do so, certainly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then we might as well
adjourn for a month at once.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I think not. We shall
have two weeks to work in the interval. I prefer,
as I have already said, going on with business;
but finding a strong disposition to adjourn, I
would rather make a short adjournment than a
long one.
Mr. BAYARD. My constituents have choscn
to select me as one of their delegates to the Charles-
ton convention. To myself, personally, it is not
an agreeable duty; I have no desire to go there;
but when I looked at the state of things in this
country, I supposed it might be a duty that I
should go, provided I could do'so consistently
with my duties as a Senator; for il the business
of the Senate is to go on during the sitting of that
convention, of course I should feel that that had
a superior claim oil my time, and that I had no
rigtit to be absent from the body. I only wish
the decision of the Senate.
But, sir, allow me to say that I think gentle-
men underrate the importance of these conven-
tions. As long as the people of this country please
to adopt that system for nominations to the office
of Chief Magistrate of thecountry—and, of course ,
one of these nominations will necessarily be sue- ■
eessful—it is certainly of the highest importance ;
to the interests of the country that the nomina-
tions should be proper ones. Are you to exclude ,
from any participation in those conventions, or ,
any attendance on them, all members ot Congress
who, from the confidence their constituents repose
in them by sending them here, you may suppose
would be fairly conversant with the general state
of political affairs in the country, and certainly
would be as well calculated as any persons (if
their constituents chose to select them for that pui-
pose) of deciding 011 who was the appropriate can-
didate of their party, and what was the appiopvi-
ate basis 011 which to place the contest 011 which
they were entering, and upon which the destinies
of the country might hang. Is itright and proper,^
or is it wise and prudent, that all that class of
men who may happen to be in Congress should
be excluded entirely from these conventions; and
is it likely that the results arrived at would be
more satisfactory to the country or to their party
if you exclude entirely those who may be sup-
posed, from their disposition, to be well acquainted
with the general tone of sentimentin the country,
the character of its public men and their fitness
for office, from a body of that kind ? I think not;
and that is the reason why, so thinking, I have
determined to accept the delegation which my
constituents chose to confer on me, without re-
questor solicitation upon my part. But, of course,
I admit it must be subordinate. It is for the Sen-
ate to say whether their business cannot be trans-
acted, although they may choose to grant these
recesses during the time that the conventions ore
in session, with a day or two for the purpose ot
getting there in order to attend them. This is my
general view of the propriety of a recess.
Next comes the question of time. I suppose
all will concede that, if we are to adjourn from
three days to three days during the sessions of the
conventions, it would be better to make an ad->
journment by joint resolution at once, if we are
not to transact business in that time; but I prefer
the recess from next Thursday to Monday, the.
30th; and then again from say the 19th to the 31st
of May; because that is the period of timein which
members who are delegates will necessarily have
to be absent from Congress It is true, that those
who remain here will not find the Senate in ses-
sion in those intervals; but it leaves us ten days,
more than a week, for business between the 30th
of April and the 11th of May, in which a great
deal may be done.
I do not view this question as a matter of per-
sonal convenience. If 1 were not a delegate, I
should still vote for this recess, though I had to
remain here or chose to go home. 1 could always
find employment here. A man has always bus-
iness connected with his committees, reports to
make up, matters to investigate on which he may
be called to act. He may have business for his
constituents atthe different Departments. All these
things, I think, would fully engage almost any
member's attention during the interval that will
exist between the ad journment from Thursday of
this week until the 30th of April, and then we can
go 011 with our business when there will be no
reason for absence, between that time and the 12th
of May; and then we can accord to our opponents
the same courtesy they grant to us, from the 12th
to the 21st of May. That seems to me to be the
better course, and therefore I shall vote for the
amendment of the Senator from North Carolina;
but if it is the preference of the Senate to adjourn
from Thursday next until the 21st of May, I shall
interpose no objection to-tliat, though I prefer the
other on the ground which I have stated.
Mr. DIXON. I wish to offer an amendment
as an amendment to\he amendment of the Sena-
tor from North Carolina, to strike out of the res-
olution all after the words "respective Houstes,"
and insert "and terminate the present session of
Congress on Monday the 4th day of June next,"
so tliat the resolution will read:
B,e$olvcA H the Senate, (tlie House of representatives
concurring,) That the Speaker of tlie House and the Presi-
dent of the Senate adjourn the respective Houses, ami term-
inate the present session on Monday the 4tli day of June
next.
Mr. CLINGMAN. If I can accept that amend-
ment in lieu of my own, I will do so, and save the
Senate the necessity of voting on it, for this is a
proposition I prefer to adopt.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hears 110 objection to the withdrawal of the
amendment of the Senator from North Carolina.
Mr. PUGH. I am one of five Senators who
have been chosen delegates to the Charleston con-
vention; and if there could be a unanimous con-
sent, or nearly so of the Senate, to adjourn over,
i it would be very satisfactory to me; Gut as I see
there is considerable opposition on the part of
Senators, and counter-propositions are made, in
[ order to dispose of the matter—for I intend to go
I to Charleston if I am able, whether the Senate
' adjourns or not—I move to lay the resolution
| and amendments on the table, and make an end
; Mr. CLINGMAN. I hope the Senate will let
us vote. It is a very important proposition that
is offered by the Senator from Connecticut: let us
see if we can fix the day for the final adjourn-
Mr. PUGH. It is not worth while for us to do  
it We are at the mercy of the House of Repre-
sentatives. Until they have made some progress
with the appropriation bills, we cannot arrive at
f\.nv conclusion. I li&vc no idotx tli<it tho fin&l o.d-
iournment will be considered now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to lay the resolution and amend-
ments 011 the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is 011 the amendment offered by the Senator irom
Connecticut. , T  
Mr. HALE. Is not the amendment that 1pro-
posed the one first in order, to strike out Wed-
I nesdaV" and insert "Thursday.*
