1880.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2691
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I am glad that
an earnest and energetic gentleman like ray friend
from Louisiana should take this matter to heart.
It is the forerunner of radical reforms. To an-
swer his question: in three Congresses, this is the
first time I havefound myselfin a similar position.
Mr. BOOLIGNY. Could the Sergeant-at-Arms
find you the last time ?
Mr. HARRIS, ot Maryland. It was never be-
fore necessary to hunt for me.
Mr. BOULIGNY. I move that my friend be
discharged on the payment of the usual fees.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed tc.
Mr. BURNETT. I renew my motion, that ail
farther proceedings under the call be dispensed'
with.
The motion was rejected.
Mr. BURNETT. I move that I have leave of
absence from the House for the rest of the even-
ing-
The question was taken; and the motion was
disagreed to.
Mr. Riggs was presented at the bar of the
House.
The SPEAKERpro tempore. Mr. Riggs, you
have been absent without the leave of the House.
What excuse have you to offer?
Mr. BARKSDALE. Before the gentleman
answers, 1 want to make an appeal to the House
to excuse rac from further attendance this even-
ing.
Mr. BOULIGNY. I hope that will bo done.
I know that the gentleman has been unwell, and
that he ought to be excused.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman's
motion will be taken up as soon as the pending
matter is disposed of.
Mr. RIGGS. I remained in the House until
after six o'clock. At that time I did notsuppose
that my furthei presence was necessary for the
dispatch of public business. 1 was tired and
hungry, and had business at home to attend to,
when I left. It is the only excuse 1 have to offer.
Mr. BOULIGNY. If is no cxeuse at all, I
move that the gentleman be excused on the pay-
ment of costs.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question re-
curs on the motion to excuse the gentleman from
Mississippi [Mr. Barksdale] from further attend-
ance.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. Davis, of Indiana, was presented at the
bar.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Davis, you
have been absent without leave of the House.
What excuse have you to offer?
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. It is well known
to you, and to other members of the House,
that I am scarcely ever absent. I remained here
/to-day some eight or nine hours. I was here
when the House resolved itself into the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union; and
i supposed, on the statements made, that it was
a session, not for business, but for speech mak-
ing. I saw that the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means was present, watching after
his appropriation bills; and that, on this side, the
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Bcrxett] was
present, ready to object to everything. [Laughter.]
I supposed, therefore, that the country was safe,
and I went at once to my lodgings.
Mr. BOULIGNY. I move that the gentleman
bo excused on the payment of the usual fees.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS, of "Virginia. I rise to a privi-
leged question. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce a resolution, providing
that it shall be in orderafter to-day for the House
at any time to take a recess until seven o'clock,
p. m.
Mr. BOULIGNY. That is out of order, and
I object.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It would be in
order by unanimous consent.
Objection having been made, the resolution was
not introduced.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Hindman,
you have been absent from the sittings of the House
without its consent. What excuse have you for
your absence ?
Mr. HINDMAN. I came to this House at
eleven o'clock this morning, and endeavored to
discharge my duty until six o'clock this evening,
which was an hour after my usual dinner hour.
£ then went to dinner; andgoingdown town, sub-
sequently, I understood that the House had ad-
journed. 1 do not suppose I should have returned
in any event, had it not been for the Sergeant-at-
Arms.
Mr. BOULIGNY. That is a very had excuse,
and 1 move that the gentleman be excused upon
the payment of fees.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Pugh, you
have been absent from the sittings of the House
without its leave. What excuse have you for
your absence?
Mr. PUGH. I have none. I have no valid
excuse to offer.
Mr. SPINNER. I move that the gentleman
be excusod on account of his frankness.
Mr. BOULIGNY. I move, as an amendment,
that he be excused upon the payment of fees.
The amendment was agreed to; ayes 54, noes
30.
The resolution, as amended, was then agreed
to.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Craig, of
Missouri, you have been absent from the House
without its leave. What excuse have you for
your absence?
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. After sitting here
some eight hours and upwards, finding my long
namesake [Mr. Craige, of North Carolina] en-
gineering the House in a skillful manner, I came
to the conclusion that I could be of no further
use, and I wont home to dinner, and having a
little work to do, I wrote a few letters, &c. Be-
lieving this to be a very good excuse, and fearing
that the gentleman from Louisiana [Mr. Bou-
ligny] may prosecute me severely, I move my-
self that I be cxcused upon the payment of fees.
[Laughter.]
Mr. BOULIGNY. My friend is a very clever
gentleman, and I acknowledge it; but I will move
th.it he he excused upon the payment of fees.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Uxder-
wood, you have been absent from the House
without its consent. What excuse have you for
your absence ?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Notmuch. I was very
much fatigued.
Mr. BOULIGNY. I will assist my friend,
Mr. Underwood. I sec he is very much embar-
lassed, indeed; and I therefoie move that he be
cxcused upon the payment of fees.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Is there no chancc for
me ? [Laughter.] Cannot I move to amend?
Mr. BOULIGNY. I move the previous ques-
tion if thegentlemanisgomgto debate it. [Laugh-
ter.]
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Briggs,you
have been absent from the House without its con-
sent. What excusc have you to render for your
absence ?
Mr. BRIGGS. Were I to attempt to make an
excuse, I doubt very much whether it would be
satisfactory to the House. Hence I will not at-
tempt it, and will only exclaim, as the boy did
who met with an accidcnt in the bed, "I have
nothing to say." But I will " step up to the cap-
tain's office and settle," if the House require it.
[Laughter.]
Mr. BOULIGNY. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman from New York whether this is his first
or second offense ?
Mr. BRIGGS. The first offense.
Mr. BOULIGNY. Then I ask the gentleman
whether he will be guilty of a second offense?
[Laughter.] If he says " no," I will move that,
upon the paynynt of fees, he be cxcused.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that all further pro-
ceedings under the call be dispensed with.
The SPEA KER pro tempore. The Chair would
state that one hundred and twenty-four members
are present.
Mr. ASHMORE. I ask the permission of the
House to allow me to retire Irom the Hall. I
cannot sit in a room where there is smoking
without being, through some idiosyncvacy, 1
know not what, made exceedingly sick .and faint.
I cannot stand it xnuch longer here if the doors
are kept closed.
Mr. BOULIGNY. I object. Let the cigars
be put out.
The question being put upon the motion of Mr
Sherman, it was agreed to; and all further pro-
ceedings under the call were dispensed with.
FORTIFICATION BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now I again ask, in order
to avoid such scenes as that we have here to-day,
if it will be in order, to move to take a recess
daily to seven, p. m., from between four and five
o'clock.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is that objected
to?
Mr. BURCH and others objected.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I move that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. SICKLES, (at half past ten o'clock, p.m.)
I move that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. FLORENCE called for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. SICKLES called for tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were not ordered; and the yeas and
nays were not ordered.
The question was taken; and thp House refused
to adjourn.
Mr. SICKLES called for the yeas and nays on
Mr. Shermax's motion to go into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and demanded
tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered; and the yeas and
nays were not ordered.
The motion was agreed to.
So  the rules were suspended, and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Dawes in the
chair,) and resumed the consideration of the for-
tification appropriation bill, on which the gentle-
man from Vermont [Mr. Morrii^] was entitled
to the floor. W
Mr. REAGAN. Mr. Chairman 
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Vermont yield to the gentleman from Texas?
Mr. MORRILL. I do not.
Mr. REAGAN. Then I shall have to leave the
House in contempt of its authority, and shall not
come back again, for I am sick.
Mr. MORRILL resumed his remarks.
Mr. NELSON. I ask the gentleman from Ver-
mont to yield to me for a moment.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Vermoilt yield ?
Mr. MORRILL. As the House have granted
me permission to print my speech, I will dispense
with any further remarks at this late hour of the
night.
Mi. CRAICE, of North Carolina. I rise to a
point of order. Plow did the gentleman get con-
sent to print his speech? Did not that require the
unanimous consent of the House? T object to any
such thing. I never heard of the right being given
to him to print his speech.
The CHAIRMAN. In the opinion of the
Chair, that is not a point of order.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I take an -
appeal from the decision of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has made no
decision.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. The Chair,
I understand, dccidcs that it can do as it pleases.
I say that nobody can print his speech without
the permission of the House.
Mr. BURNETT. I rise to a point of order. 1
do not know whether permission has been given
to the gentleman from Vermont to print his speech
or not. But I desire to say this to the Chair,
because it is a matter of some importance that
we should determine this question correctly and
justly: my recollection of the rules of the House,
and of its practice, is, that where a gentleman
asks permission to print a speech, it requires
unanimous consent. Now, if the gentleman from
Vermont has had permission to print, then the
pomtof order raised by the gentleman from North
Carolina is not well taken.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state that
the Chair has no knowledge of any permission
whatever; but it understands that during the ses-
sion of the House, at some former period, this
