1748
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 17,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That has been
adopted by unanimous consent.
Mr. HALE. Very well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
■will read the amendment of the Senator from
Connecticut;
The Secretary read it.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BAYARD. I am not opposed to an early
adjournment if the businessof the Senate is trans-
acted; far from it, I have always desired early
adjournments. But the object of the amendment,
of course, is to defeat the recess necessarily. I
think, if we pass such a resolution, it will be laid
on the table 111 the House of Representatives.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll, and
Mr. Anthony was understood to answer to his
name.
Mr. DAVIS. During the sessions of the con-
ventions to which reference is made, though I feel
no interest in them myself, it is quite apparent
that others who are absent will render it im-
proper, not to say impossible, for us to proceed
with legislation. The absence of members will
involve the necessity of postponing every ques-
tion 
Mr. HALE. I hate to interrupt the Senator,
but I want to remind him that one Senator has
answered to the call of the yeas and nays.
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senator makes the
point 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair did
not hear the response.
Mr. HALE. 1 did not want to make the
point. I thought the Senator was not aware of
the fact.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair did
not hear the response of the Senator from Rhode
Island, and the Senator from Mississippi is there-
fore m order.
Mr. DAVIS. I was going on to say that, during
the sessions of these conventions, it is quite appar-
ent that all business which will be brought before
the two Houses of Congress will necessarily be
delayed on account of the absence of mtfmbcrs,
or improperly forced to a vote when it is known
that the presence of members would affect the
result. I therefore take it for granted that no vote
will be had on any important question during that
period; and, as the Government is involved in no
expenditure of money by taking a recess, I think
it far better that members should have the benefit
of such a recess, and for so long a period as will
enable us to go home and return. It would be an
advantage to me, personally, to have a recess long
enough to enable me to go home ami return here
when the duties of legislation are recommenced,
say about the 1st of June. I do not believe the
session will be materially abridged by sitting on
here, and adjourning from day to day on account
of the absence of members. It merely confines
us to the city; prevents us from taking the advant-
age of an opportunity to visit our homes and
attend to our private affairs. It is actually no
benefit to anybody. I think we could return here
on the 1st of Juno, and legislate with more advant-
age to the country than if we remained here with
debates fruitless of any results, adjournments,
delays, waiting, on the part of a few members, the
absence of those who are able to go home and
return within ten days.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
the amendment of Mr. Dixon, resulted—yeas 18,
nays 31; as follows:
YEAS—M' -sr-. Anthony, Itinsliam, Bright, Chandk'r,
Clark, Clinsman, Crittenden, Dixon, Doolittle, Mmker.
Grimes, Gwtn, Hammond, Ilarlan, Latham, Powell, Bli-
<to!l, and Toombs—18
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Bragg, Brown, Cameron, Clay,
Collamer, Davis, Fes^unden, Fitch, Fitzpatriek, Foot, Fos-
ter, Hale, Hamlin, lveison, JoUrii-on of Arkansas, Johnson
of Tenni'ssor, King, Mason, l'ugh, liiee, Sebastian, Sew-
ard, Simmon1*, Sumner, Thomson, TiuminUi, Wade,
Wilkinson, Wilson, and Yulee—31.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HALE. It seems to me necessary to name
an hour in the resolution, as is usual, and, there-
fore, I propose to fix three o'clock on Thursday
for the adjournment.
Mr. SLIDELL. I shall vote for this proposi-
tion; but, in case it fails, I shall offer another,
which I now present, and ask to have read for
information. I should offer it in the form of an
amendment to this, but that I am informed by
those better acquainted with the rules than 1 am,
that a joint resolution cannot be changed to a
simple Senate resolution, and that an amendment
cannot be offered to change its chai*acter in that
respect. I therefore notify Senators, that, in case
of the failure of this resolution, I shall offer this
poposition:
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns on Thursday
next, it be to meet on Monday next; that when the Senate
adjourns on that day, u be to meet on the following Thurs-
day ; and when the Senate adjourns on that day, it be to
meet on the following Tuesday, the 1st of May.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I think this is the most
mischievous proposition we can have. It will
have thceffectof misleadingthe country. Instead
of adjourning over for a week or ten days, we
shall meet every third day, and the Vice Presi-
dent will comc here and take the chair, and some
member will comc and move an adjournment.
Tlftis those of us, who choose not to leave the city
will be tied here under the form of doing business,
when we are really doing nothing at all. I hope
we shall do one of two things: either go on reg-
ularly with the business, or adjourn the two
Houses for some certain time.
Mr. GRIMES. I am unwilling that either of
these propositions shall be adopted without say-
ing a single word in opposition to them. It oc-
curs to me that the proposition submitted by the
SenatoHfrom New Hampshire will furnish an oc-
casion for a great many men, who are willing to
avail themselves of an opportunity which this will
alford them, to say that the Government of-this
country, and especially the Congress of the Uni-
ted States, belongs to the politicians rather than
to the people. One of the great evils of our times
is the insatiable desire to be continually making
Presidents; and this proposition is in effect to say
that it is more important that Congress should
adjourn to go to Charleston and Chicago, to dis-
tinguish, between several prominent men, as to
which of them shall be the candidates of the re-
spective parties, than it is for us to go on with the
dispatch of the public business. Just look at it.
We assembled here on the first Monday of De-
cember last, in obedience to the Constitution, to
perform important public duties. We were nine
weeks perfectly paralyzed, and during that time
we did nothing in either branch of Congress; we
have done comparatively nothing since; and now
because three great political parties, into which
this country is divided, propose to hold political
conventions, with which we as the Congress have
j nothing whatever to do, and with which it. seems
only live individual members of this body have
anything to do, it is proposed that we shall ad-
journ for four weeks, in order to let members go
and attend as lobbyers, or outsiders, in connec-
tion "with those conventions.
I am opposed to the wholething. I am opposed
to recognizing by any act of ours the fact that
such conventions are to be held at all. It is said
we shall do no business here, if we do not adjourn
over. I do not know that; but I say, if it be a fact
that wo shall do no business, it would be infinitely
better for our own reputations, in my opinion,
and it would be infinitely bettei for the country,
that we should stay here and do nothing, than to
pass this resolution and establish the precedent
that in such cases as this Congress will adjourn
because politiealeonventions an; to be held. "Why
should we adjourn on account of a political con-
vention, where a presidential candidate is to be
nominated, any more than we should because a
convention is to be held for any other necessary
or constitutional or desirable purpose ? I say, sir,
that it is our duty to stay here and dispatch the
public business, if we can. If individual members
of Congress see fit to pair off and go to either of
these conventions, that is their own business; wo
have nothing to do with it; but as a Congress, as
a Senate, I enter my protest against our adjourn-
ing for the purpose of attending the conventions.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Did the Chair
understand the Senator from New Hampshire to
offer an amendment?
Mr. HALE. Yes sir. I think, according to
precedent, when we have ordered the presiding
ofiicersofthe two Houses to adjourn the body we
have named the hour.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen-
ator restate his amendment?
Mr. HALE- Where it calls on the presiding
officers to adjourn the two Houses on Thursday,
the 19th of April, I propose to insert: " at two
o'clock in the afternoon.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
recurs on the resolution as amended.
Mr. TOOMBS. Mr. President, I concur in
the reasons of those who oppose this resolution.
I see no sort of reason whatever why the Senate
of the United States should adjourn, and leave its
own business untouched, in order that certain
people, who may be sent to Charleston to attend
a convention, may nominate a presidential candi-
date. I see no reason for it, and very many rea-
sons against it. A great many of us are here at
personal inconvenience. We are willing to stay
here as long as is necessary to attend to the public
business.. If gentlemen of our House desire to
go, they can go now. There is no difficulty about
that. They can go with or without pairing, if
necessary; but business can go on. It frequently
happens that g-entlemen have to leave their places
for private business. It must frequently happen,
in a body constituted like this. Let those whom
their constituents desire to go to Charleston or
Chicago go there, but to interrupt the Govern-
ment on account of there being a meeting in a
distant portion of the Republic, to run somebody
for President of the United States, seems to me
very discreditable to the Senate and to the country.
Mr. CLINGMAN. What is the particular
resolution ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The resolution
that has been read.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I thought there was an
amendment offered by the Senator from Louisiana
to it.
t Mr. SLIDELL. I stated distinctly that I did
not offer it as an amendment. I merely gave notice
that in case this failed I would offer it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Read the resolution. I
should like to hear it.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Representatives con-
cuiring,) That the Speaker of the House and Picsident of
the. Senate adjourn the respective Houses on Thursdaf, the
19th of April instant, at two o'clock, p. m., to Tuesday, the
22d of May next.
Mr. GRIMES and Mr. CLINGMAN called
for the yeas and nays; and they were ordered; and
being taken, resulted—yeas 20,nays31;asfollows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Bmgbam, Brown,
Davis, Fiteh, Foot, Hale, flainlin, Iverson, Lane, Powell,
Pvigh, Sebastian, Simmons, Shdell, Sumner, Thomson,
Wilson, and Yulee—20.
NAYS—Messrs.Bragg, Bright, Chandler, Chesnut, Clark,
Chngman, Collamer, Crittenden, Dixon, Doolittlc, Durkee,
Fcssenden, Fitzpatriek, Foster, Grimes, Gwln, Hammond,
Ilarlan, Johnson ot Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee, King,
Latham, Mason, Nicholson, Rice,Wen Eycfc, Toombs,
Trumbull, Wade, Wigfall, and Wilkinson—431.
So the resolution was rejected.
Mr. SLIDELL. I offer my resolution now.
I shall not ask the consideration of it, because it
cannot be entertained unless by unanimous con-
sent;
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns on Thursday
next, it be to meet on Monday next; that when the Senate
adjourns on that day, it be to meet on the following Thurs-
day ; and that when the Senate adjourns on that day, n he
to meet on the following Tuesday, the 1st of May.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. POWELL. I move that the Senate
go into executive session. ["Oh, no!"] I will
state to the Senate that it is very desirable that
we should have a short executive session, which
will take not over ten minutes, I think. The pub-
lic interests will suffer, unless we have that execu-
tive session to-day, and at this time, for reasons
that I cannot now well explain to the Senate. It
is a matter of very im])erious necessity.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened.
HOMESTEAD BILL.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. The Commit-
tee on Public Lands, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 1) to grant to any person who is the
head of a family and a citizen of the United States,
a homestead of one hundred and sixty acres of
land out of the public domain, upon condition of
occupancy and cultivation of tho same for the
period therein specified, with all the amendments
proposed thereto, and the bill (H. R. No. 280) to
