2692
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
leave has been granted. No leave has been granted
during this session of the committee.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. At what
period was this permission given?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is not
aware.
Mr. MORRILL. I will state that when the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Colfax] was in the
chair, I came in front and addressed myself to
the Chair, and stated that as this speech had been
so long in gestation, I thought the House would
doubtless, after my making so persistent an ef-
fort to perform the Cesarean operation to give it
birth, desire to see it in the Grlobe, and would
therefore permit me to have it printed; and to this
arrangement no objection was made.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I certainly
heard no such request made to the House. I
would have objected to it, as I objected last Sat-
urday.
Mr. MORRILL, lwill say further, that I took
cars to address that remark to the Chair while
the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Craige]
was in the lobby. [Laughter.]
Mr. COLFAX. I wish to confirm the remarks
of the gentleman from Vermont. I happened to
be in the Chair at the time he made his request.
~~"When he stated it I looked around for the gen-
tleman from North Carolina, who, I supposed,
would object. He was walking back and forward,
with his hands Behind his back, and, I suppose
he did not hear me.
Mr. FLORENCE. Therp is no doubt about
it. I heard it distinctly.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I did not
desire the gentleman's testimony. If afiy gentle-
man states it, it is enough.
Mr. McKEAN resumed the floor.
Mr. BORNETT. I desire the gentleman fjom
New York to yield to a motion for the committee
to rise. It is now eleven o'clock, and the gentle-
man certainly does not desire to proceed. If he
will yield the floor to me, I will move that the
committee do now rise.
Mr. McKEAN. I cannot yield for that.
Mr. SHERMAN. With the consent of the
gentleman from New York, I would say, that if
this system of objection is to continue, he will
probably have no opportunity hereafter to deliver
his speech.
Mr. BURNETT. Will the gentleman from
New York yield me the floor to ask a matter per-
sonal to myself? I want to leave the House, being
unwell. I have been here from eleven o'clock
to-day, and without order. I do not wish to be
called back to-night; and I ask to be excused from
further attendance.
There being no objection, Mr. Bbrnett was
excused from further attendance.
Mr. McKEAN resumed the floor, and pro-
ceeded with his remarks.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina, rose to a
question of order. •
Mr. McKEAN. I do not yield the floor.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from North
Carolina has a right to raise a question of order,
and will state his question of order.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I make the
same point of order which I made when the House
was before in committee—that no quorum is pres-
ent, and that no business can be transacted with-
out a quorum.
The CHAIRMAN. In the opinion of the Chair,
that is 110 question of order, it is a question of
fact which has been ascertained by the record; and
nothing has transpired since to give the gentleman
any right to raise the question.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I appeal
from that decision.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has made no
decision, and there is nothing to appeal from.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. The Chair
will not ride over my rights in that way. The
same question has already been raised onee in
committee to-day, and the appeal entertained.
[Cries of " Order '."from the Republican benches.]
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from New
York is entitled to the floor, and will proceed.
Mr. GARTRELL. I rise to a question of
order.
The CH AIRM AN. The gentleman from Geor-
gia will state his point of order.
Mr. GARTRELL. I have remained here all
day, and I am willing to remain here all xiightand
listen to this discussion; but when a question of
order is made by a member upon this floor, and
his right of appeal is attempted to be defeated in
this way, I appeal to the Constitution of the coun-
try, and 1 appeal to the sense of justice of the
Chairman and of this committee, whether the
right of that member shall not be maintained.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Geor-
gia has stated no question of order. The gentle-
man from New York will proceed.
Mr. HINDMAN. No, sir; the gentleman from
New York will not proceed. No man occupying
that Chair shall stifle the rights of a member of
this House in that way. [Cries of "Order!" and
confusion.]
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Arkansas rise to a question of order?
Mr. HINDMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. BINGHAM. This matter is not debat-
able. The gentleman from New York is entitled
to the floor, and I hope he will go on with his re-
marks.
Mr. GARTRELL. Entertain the appearand
let us have a vote upon it. This speech cannot
go on until that has been done.
Mr. FLORENCE. Oh, of course the appeal
must be entertained. There is no doubt about it.
Mr. CURTIS. If the gentleman from Georgia
rises to a question of order, I hope be will state
it, and not be interrupted by other gdntlemen.
Mr. GARTRELL. I say it will be recollected
that my course here, although it has been a deli-
ant. one, has, I trust, been a fair one.
Mr. BINGHAM. I submit that the gentleman
from Georgia himself is out of order. He cannot
interrupt the gentleman from New York for dis-
cussion, and he is not stating any question of
order. [Cries of " Order!" from the Democratic
side.]
Mr. GARTRELL. I have risen to a question
of older.
Mr. BINGHAM. Then state your question
of order.
Mr. GARTRELL. If the gentleman from
Ohio will be kind enough to keep his seat, I will
state my question of order. It is this: the gen-
tlemanfrom North Carolina rose in his place,and
objected to the gentleman from New York pro-
ceeding, on the ground that no quorum was pres-
ent. The Chair refused to entertain this question
of order; and now my point of order is that the
Chair, in so refusing, disiegards the rules of this
House, and the precedents of this body, and of
all parliamentary bodies.
The point of order must be entertained by the
Chair, and if the Chair overrules it, and the gen-
tleman appeals, the appeal must be entertained.
No business can be transacted without a quorum,
under the rule, nor any speeches made. Let the
Chair entertain the appeal, and have a vote upon
it; and if a quorum appears upon that vote, the
gentleman from New York can then proceed in
order. I say it is a constitutional right, which
must be maintained. 1 have made no captious
objections to the gentleman's proceeding; but the
gentleman from North Carolina has the right to
object.
Mr. BINGHAM. I rise to a question or or-
der. The gentleman is not stating any question
of order, and I submit that he cannot proceed in
this way.
The CHAIRMAN. But one question of order
can be pending at the same time. The gentleman
from Georgia has risen to a question of order.
When lie shall have stated that question of order,
and the Chair shall have ruled upon it, it will be
proper for the gentleman from Ohio to rise to a
question of order, if he desires.
Mr. GARTPiELL. I have sfated my ques-
tion of order, and I will repeat it. It is, that the
Chair, under the rules of the House, and by all
parliamentary law, is compelled to entertain the
question of order made by the gentleman from
ji North Carolina, and to decide whether there is a
i | quorum present. If there is no qtforum present,
;j ii is conceded that no business can be transacted;
ji neither such business as the making of speeches,
nor anything else. The Chair must enteitain the
question, and a count, by tellers, or any other
way, will ascertain whether there is a quorum
present.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Geor-
gia has stated what he designates as a point of
order, and the Chair will restate his decision,
The Chair has decided tlfttt the question whether
there is a quorum or not is a question of fact
which has been decided, and decided, as the gen-
tleman from Georgia says, by a count. The gen-
tleman from New York then obtained the floor,
and was proceeding to address the committee
when*the gentleman from North Carolina rose
and said to the Chair, that there was no quorum
present. The gentleman from North Carolina had
not the floor, and had not the basis upon which
he could interrupt the gentleman from New York
to make that statement. The last count of the
committee showed that a quorum was prese'nt, and
the gentleman from North Carolina could not rise
to a question of order based upon a question of
fact which has been ascertained according to the
rules of the House. If the last count of the House
had shown that there was no quorum present,
then the gentleman's point of order would have
been well taken;but it is absolutely necessary for
the Chair to decide whether the point raised is in
fact a point of order; and if it is not a point of or-
der, it is, in the opinion of the Chair, his duty not
to entertain it as such. And if the Chair does not
entertain it as a question of order, then there is
nothing to appeal from. In this instance no ques-
tion of order has been raised, and therefore no
appeal could be taken.
Mr. GARTRELL. I submit now, and I do it
in all good faith, and in all candor to the Chair,
that he must entertain the appeal of the gentle-
man from North Carolina. If the Chair decides
that the gentleman from North Carolina has not
raised a question of order, that is a decision of
the Chair from which we have a constitutional
right to appeal.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. The Chair
decided on last Saturday that the point was well
taken.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. I have no feel-
ing in this matter, beyond a desire to have the
rules of the House executed. Fall upon whom
it will, I want them fairly administered. I will
state the point of this controversy, as I under-
stand it. It is in order for one member to take
the floor from another on a question of order. It
is admitted that a member occupying the floor
cannot have it taken from him, except on a ques-
tion of order. The Chair holds, as 1 understand,
' that whether, at agiven instant, aquoruin is pres-
ent, is a question of fact. If it be made to appear
that no quorum is present, then, of course, any
i member can make that point, and have it sus-
tained. If the fact that a quorum is not present
be not made to appear, then, on the Chair so
stating, an appeal cannot be taken. It is a ques-
tion of fact. I will stand by the right. The
trouble is as to this question of fact. The gen-
tleman from North Carolina could not take the
floor but by consent. The moment the gentle-
man from New York yielded the floor, the gen-
tleman from Michigan could have taken it for a
point of order, to ascertain the fact whether a
quorum was present or not.
Mr. LONGNECICER. It is evident that there
is no quorum present. I perceive the members
on the other side, who have been compelling the
attendance of members, have left. 1 move that
there be a call of the House.
Mr. McKEAN. I cannot yield the floor for
any such motion.
Mr. HICKMAN. I think that there is a misap-
prehension in regard to this matter. There is no
doubt at all but that it is improper for the House
to proceed to transact business when there is not
a quorum present. But, sir, I suggest that when
the floor is assigned to a gentleman, and he takes
it without objection being made on the score of
there being no quorum, lie has it legitimately,
and the question, while he is occupying it, can-
not be raised whether there is or is not a quorum
present. If, after-he has obtained the floor, gen-
tlemen choose to leave the Hall, and reduce the
body below a quorum, then the question cannot
be raised, as he has obtained the floor properly,
and is speaking in order. It is impossible to take
the floor from him on any pretext whatever;
therefore, the statementof the Chair is right, that
no point of order can be made on this matter.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I will read from
Barclay's Digest, page 135:
" Whenever, daring business, it is observed that a quo-
is nnt present, any member may call toi the House to be
ited, and being found deficient, business is suspended "
rum i
count
