306
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 15,
36tii Oong....1shSess.
Property in Territories—Mr. Douglas.
Senate.
concerning slavery, so that the people of the Ter-
ritories might do as they pleased, without any
other restriction than the Constitution. That mo-
tion was voted down when made by myself; but
subsequently, after the debate had gone at great
length, Mr. Clay, from his seat at the corner of
the Chamber, passed to mine, and said: " If you
will renew your motion to strike out that limita-
tion, it will now be carried, and we shall save this
bill." I stated to him that my friend, the Senator
from New Hampshire, (Mr. Norris,) -now no
more, would not vote for the bill, unless those
words were out; and I thought, out of courtesy,
I would let him make the motion, as I had once
made it, and I would see him. At the request of
Mr. Clay, I went to Mr. Norris. He made the
motion to strike it out. It was carried by a vote
of 32 in the affirmative to 19 in the negative; thus
rejecting the doctrine of the Senator from Missis-
sippi, and sustaining the position advocated by
myself.
Now, sir, I am free to say to that Senator, that
he and I did differ in that contest. I advocated
non-intervention then, as I do now. Ho fought
it then gallantly, as he always fights; but ho was
defeated by a vote of nearly two to one; and 1
was sustained; and my proposition, and not his,
became the basis of those measures. Congress
adjourned immediately after the passage of those
measures, in the midst of a terrific excitement,
North and South. Northern agitators had in-
flamed the passions and prejudices of the northern
people, by representing those compromise meas-
ures as being measures for the extension of sla-
very. The southern opponents of the measures
had inflamed the passions of the southern people
into the belief that the compromise measures were
a sacrifice of southern rights and southern honor.
Appeals were made to the people, North and
South, by northern interventionists and southern
interventionists, against those measures that had
been passed by the majority—the one represent-
ing them as sacrificing northern rights and north-
ern honor; the other representing them as sacri-
ficing southern rights and southern honor. That
was tlie issue.
I went to my own State to make my appeal to
my own people in vindication of my course. The
country knows—history has recorded—the mode
in which I was received when I landed in Chi-
cago. The City Council, filled with Abolitionists,
had passed resolutions annulling the fugitive slave
law, instructing the police to withhold any assist-
ance in the execution of the law, proclaiming it
to be a violation of the law of God and of the
Constitution. The standard of rebellion was
raised. The public passions were inflamed. A
fugitive slave was about to be arrested, and civil
war was anticipated by every man. It was not
a pleasant task to me to go into a public meeting
thus inflamed and excitcd and infuriated, and
teli those people that they had been deceived about
the character of those measures; that the fugitive
slave law was right; that it was an act required
by the Constitution of the country, which we
were bound to support; that the compromise
measures were, all of them, founded on correct
and sound principles. History records the fact
that I met that infuriated populace, composed of
honest and intelligent, but misguided, men, and
that I defended each and every one of those
measures before that people, and procured from
them a resolution that the fugitive slave law
should be executed,and the compromise measures
of 1850 sustained. 1 must trouble my friend to
read a passage from my own speech before that
meeting at Chicago, in vindication of those meas-
ures—a speech made under such circumstances
that my best friends warned me that my life would
pay the forfeit—and then you will see on what
principle 1 defended them.
Mr. PUGH read, as follows:
'•These measures are predicated on the great funda-
mcnutl principle that every people ought to possess the right
of terming ami regulating their own internal concerns and
domestic institutions m their own way. Tt was supposed
that those o! our fellow-citizens who emigrated to the shores
of the Pacific ami to our other Territories, were as capable
of self-government as their neighbors and kindred whom
they left behind them ; ami there was no reason for believ-
ing that they had lost any of their intelligence or patriotism
by the wayside, while crossing the isthmus or the plains.
It was also believed, that after their arrival in the country,
when they had become familiar with its topography, cli-
mate, productions, and resources, and had connected their
destiny with it, they were fully as competent to judge lor
themselves what kind of laws and institutions were best
adapted to their condition and interests, as we were who
never saw the country, and knew very little about it. To
question their competency to do this, was to deny tlieir
capacity for seli-government. If they have the requisite
intelligence and honesty to be intrusted with the enactment
of laws for the government of white men, I know of no
reason why they should not be deemed competent to legis-
late for the negro. If they are sufficiently enlightened to
make laws for the protection of life, liberty, and property—
of morals and education—to determine the relation of hus-
band and wife, of parent and child, I am not aware that it
requires any higher degree of civilization to regulate the
aflairs of master and servant. These things are all confided
by the Constitution to each State to decide tor itself, and f
know of no reason why the same principle should not be
extended to the Territories. My votes and acts have been
in accordance with these views in all cases, except the in-
stances in which I voted under your instructions. Those
were your vote;;, andnot mine. I entered my protest against
them at the time—before and after they were recorded—
and shall never hold myself responsible for them."
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, after that
speech, made under the circumstances to which I
have referred, more than half a million copies were
circulated throughout the country by order of the
great national committee of New York, which be-
came alarmedlestthe Union should be dissolved—
a speech which was laid on the tables of Senators
at the opening of the session, and received a wider
circulation and more approval than any speech of
my whole life. In view of these facts, I submit
whether it is fair to charge me with having for the
first time at Freeport, in 1858, asserted the doc-
trine that the people of a Territory can decide this
question for themselves ? I told the people of Chi-
cago, in 1850, that the compromise measures rested
on the great fundamental principle that every peo-
ple ought to possess the right to manage their own
domestic concerns in their own way; that the peo-
ple of the States possessed the power, and the
people of the Territories ought to nave it; that all
my votes had been cast in accordance with that
principle, except when acting under their instruc-
tions; that those votes were the votes of those who
instructed me, and not my own, and that I would
never hold myself responsible for them. Is it fair
for Senators to quote those votes,given under those
circumstances? The Legislature of Illinois was
elected a short time afterwards. When they as-
sembled, they passed resolutions approving of the
compromise measures of 1850, and instructing the
Senators from that State, in all new territorial or-
ganizations, to incorporate the principle that the
people of the Territory should decide the slavery
question for themselves.
Thus, sir, I was sustained in my appeal to my
own pfcople in justification of my opposition to the
views of the Senator from Mississippi. How was
it with his appeal to his people ? The country has
not forgotten, and will not soon forget, with what
anxiety all America looked to Mississippi, to Ala-
bama, to Georgia, to South Carolina, to know
whether or not the submissionists—as the friends
of those measures were snceringly called—were to
be sustained and the Union saved, or whether the
ideas now proclaimed and then held by the Sen-
ator from Mississippi were to become the rule of
action in the southern States. I know not what
he meant; but the country understood and be-
lieved, so far as I know, that the fate of the Union
depended upon the result of those States agreeing
to acquiesce or not acquiesce. I do not doubt the
attachment of the Senator from Mississippi to this
Union; I do not doubt his devotion to his coun-
try. His services in the field and in the Cabinet
and in the Senate, have proved his attachment;
but I do believe, that if he had been sustained in
his appeal to the people of Mississippi against the
compromise measures of 1850, the Union could
not have been preserved. He appealed tq Mis-
sissippi. General Foote was the standard-bearer
of the friends of the compromise measures of 1850;
the Senator [Mr. Davis] the standard-bearer of
his own views as he has expressed them in the
Senate. The world knows the result. Missis-
sippi decided against the Senator, [Mr. Davis,]
and in favor of his opponent. Mississippi rebuked
this doctrine of intervention, and placed her Foote
upon it.
How was it in Alabama? There Yancey led
off, and was sustained by the same body of men
that lately attempted to break up the Charleston
convention. The.same Yancey who avowed the
same doctrine of intervention at Baltimore in 1848,
when it was voted down by his own party, that
same Yancey boldly bore the flag of the interven-
tionists of Alabama against the compromise meas-
ures of 1850; but Alabama, like Mississippi, tpld
Mr. Yancey and his co-interventionists to obey
the laws of the land and acquiesce in the principle
of non-intervention as affirmed in the measures of
1850.
In Georgia, too, the battle raged all along the
line, as the Senator from that State [Mr. Toombs]
can bear testimony. He found it necessary to
form a union of Union men against the opponents
of the compromise measures of 1850. The battle
waged fiercely and savagely. You, sir, [addiess-
ing Mr. Toombs,] and your associates, were de-
nounced as submissionists because you sustained
the principle of non-intervention, as affirmed in
the compromise measures of 1850. They were
not going to submit—no, not they; but when the
election came, Georgia decided against them, and
in favor of the compromise measures, if I recol-
lect right,by about twenty-one thousand majority.
Then, instead of being the fire-eaters, they'them-
selves in turn became the submissionists; but they
submitted by compulsion of their own people.
The people of Georgia told the Senator before
my eye [Mr. Iverson] that tie must submit to the
doctrines which he taught in his speech of 1848,
when General Cass was the candidate for the
Presidency.
So in South Carolina. Your Rhet'ts led the
forces there against the compromise measures.
The gallant and patriotic Butler, who, although
he had opposed the measures as a Senator, feeling
that it was his duty to sustain the constituted au-
thorities, oil the other hand, led those who were
in favor of acquiescing in the action of Congress.
And South Carolina herself decided against tiiose
men who were going to break up parties and the
Union on this question of intervention and non-
intervention.
Mr. HAMMOND. Mr. President 
Mr. DOUGLAS. I prefer not to yield.
Mr. HAMMOND. One single word.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Well.
Mr. HAMMOND. At the time of the passage-
of the compromise measures, Mr. Rhett was not
in the Senate.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I know he was not.
Mr. HAMMOND. The question that arose 
Mr. DOUGLAS. I must say to my friend 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzfai-
rick.) Does the Senator from Illinois yield the
floor to the Senator from South Carolina?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I cannot.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from South Carolina will resume his seat.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am aware that Mr. Rhett was
not in the Senate at that time; but Mr. Rhett's opin-
ions were known then as well as they are now, and
he led the men who were not willing to submit to the
compromise measures of 1850, and was rebuked
lay his own people, and he became a submission-
ist perforce. Here you have the verdict of the
American people, North and South, in favor of
the doctrine of non-intervention. The southern
interventionists, who had been defeated and over-
thrown at home, at last came to the conclusion
that they, too, would submit, not from choice, but
because they could not help it; and they said then
to lis, "Lot us reunite the Democratic party, and
present a united front against the Abolitionists of
the North." We said to them: "Gentlemen,
although you have erred; although y ou have erred
egregious! y on this question, in resisting non-in-
tervention, we will forgive you, if you will come
up to Baltimore and acquiesce in a resolution
establishing non-intervention forthe future." We
received the Senator from M ississippi on the terms,
as we supposed, of acquiescence in the compro-
mise measures of 1850, and the affirmance of non-
intervention as the rule of the party in the future.
We granted him " quarter " after he had been con-
demned, and was ready for execution 
Mr. DAVIS. I scorned it tfien, and scorn it
now.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Yes, sir; as I scorned his
threat not to grant "quarter" the other day. I
like the spirit thatanimateshim to scorn "quarter."
But, sir, the convention at Baltimore, neverthe-
less, did ratify and confirm these compromise
