728
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
Treasury, transmitting a letter from the Register
of the Treasury, with statements prepared in his
office exhibiting the receipts and expenditures of
the United States for the fiscal year ending June
30,1859. Laid upon the table,and ordered to be
printed.
A communication from the Secretary of the j
Treasury transmitting a statement of the Comp- |
troller of the Treasury of the balances due the i
United States, :which have remained uncollected |
for more than one year. Laid upon the table, .
and ordered to be printed.
The annual report of the Secretary of the
Treaasury on the state of the finances. Referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means, and or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not see the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means in his seat;
and I suggest, therefore, that it has been usual to
order the printing of extra copies of the report
on the finances.
Mr. GROW. Make the motion, and let it go
to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move, then, that the usual
number of copies of that report be ordered to be
printed.
The SPEAKER. That motion, under the
rules, will be referred to the Committee on Print-
The SPEAKER also laid before the House the
following executive communications; which were
lisposed of as indicated below: -
A communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, transmitting a list of the number and
the names of persons employed in the coast sur-
vey during the year ending the 30th of June, 1859,
with the amount of their compensation, &e., as
required by act of 3d of March, 1853. Laid upon
the table, and ordered to be printed.
A communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury transmitting a statement of the Second
Auditor, of the persons charged with disburse-
ments of money, goods, &c., for the benefit of the
Indians. Laid upon the table, and ordered to be
printed.
A communication from the Treasury Depart-
ment, transmitting the report of the Third Auditor
on the Washington and Oregon Indian war debt
claims, called for bv resolution of the House of
Representatives of February 8, 1859. Referred
to the Committee on Mihtary Affairs, and ordered
to bo printed.
A communication from the Secretary of the In-
terior, submitting the annual statement of contin-
gent expenses of the Department for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1859, as required by act of
August 26,1842. Laid upon the table, and ordered
to be printed.
A communication from the Secretary of the In-
terior, transmittingastatement showing the names
of clerks and other persons employed m that De-
partment during the year 1859, the time each was i
employed, and the amount paid them, in pur-
suance of the act of 26th August, 184a. Laid on
the table, and ordered to lie printed.
A communication from the Secrefary of the In-
terior, accompanying the transcript of the nine-
teen private land claims in New Mexico. Referred
to. the Committee on Private Land Claims, and
ordered to be printed.
A communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, transmitting the accounts of the Trea-
sury of the United States. Laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
A communication from the Secretary of the
Navy, transmitting a statement of the expendir
ture of the contingent fund of the Navy Depart- ]
mentforthe year 1859. Laid on the table, and !
ordered to be printed. J
A communication from the Secretary of the i
■^avy, transmitting a statement showing the num-
oer of clerks and other persons employed bv the
Navy Department. Laid on the table, and or-
dered to be printed.
A communication from the Secretary of the
Navy, transmitting the annual list of clerks and
other persons employed in the Navy Department.
Laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
A communication from the Commissioner of
Patents, transmitting the annual report of the
Commissionerof Patents on the mechanical oper-
ations of that Department.
Mr. HOUSTON. Is that report in the hands
of the Speaker ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
The communication was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER alsq laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the Senate
and the Clerk of the House of Representatives,
stating the progress made by them in the compi-
lation of the American State Papers; which was
laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
copy of the constitution adopted by the conven-
tion to form a State constitution for the Territory
of Kansas; which was referred to the Committee
on Territories, and ordered to be printed.
JOINT RESOLUTIONS OF LEGISLATURE 01? IOWA.
Mr. CURTIS. I wish to present the joint res-
olutions of the State of Iowa for the relief of James
E. Thomas and family; and ask that they be re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I call for theVeg-
ular order of business.
Mr. CURTIS. I have the floor.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman will hand
his resolutions to the Clerk, he will accomplish
what he desires.
Mr. CURTIS. There can be no objection to
the presentation in this way of the resolutions of
a State.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I call for the regular
order of business, which is the call of the States
for resolutions, &c.
Mr. CURTIS. I have the floor, unless the
gentleman wishes to object; and the gentleman
from Indiana cannot interpose to make his motion.
Mr. HOUSTON. _ If the gentleman from Iowa
will allow the course to be taken indicated by the
gentleman from Indiana, each State will be reached
presently.
Mr. CURTIS. I desire to give notice 
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. Will the gentleman
yield to me a moment?
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I am upon the floor
upon a question of order.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. If the genflcman
from Indiana will permit me, I will ask to have
my resolution read for information.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I am objecting to
this irregular way of doing- business.
Mr. GROW. The resolution will accomplish
the object the gentleman from Indiana desires,
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. f Then I will have it
read.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That on Monday next, at one o'clock, the Clerk
*hail call tho States and Territories, commencing with the
State of Maiiv, ami, upon such call, members may intro-
duce fulls ami resolutions, of which previous notice has
been given, for reference only, and without debate. 1
Mr. HOUSTON. The call of States and Ter-
ritories for resolutions is the order of business
to-day.
Mr. CURTIS. I will give way for that in a
few moments.
Mr. GROW. The call of States is the first
business in order under the rules.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
House, that if there arc no reports from commit-
tees, the States will be called for the introduction
of resolutions and bills, that being the regular or-
der of business. Then the gentleman from Iowa
will hnv; an opportunity to present his resolution.
Mr. CURTIS. I wish to give notice that, to- j
morrow, or some subsequent day, I will introduce |
a bill for retiring superannuated officers of the
Army of the United States. |
Mr. HOUSTON. That notice can be given |
under the rules. |
Mr. CURTIS. I am aware of that, but elect j
to take this mode, winch is also consistent with \
the rules. j
Mr. HOUSTON. I prefer that we shall adhere j
to the regular order of business, which is the call \
of the States for resolutions. Notices of the intro- I
duction of bills maybe made under the rules with- i
out consuming the time of the House. i
Mr. CURTIS. I shall consume as little time '
as any member who represents upon this floor as
many people as I do.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman represents
so many constituents, I am .satisfied he must see
the necessity of observing the rules of order.
Mr. CURTIS. I am in order. I wish to give
notice ,
The SPEAKER. Objection is made, and the
Speaker will call the States for resolutions.
Mr. CURTIS. -I also give notice that to-mor-
row, or some subsequent day, I will introduce a
bill to authorize a diversion of the lands granted
for the improvement of the Des Moines river, to
the construction of a railroad.
The SPEAKER. Resolutions from the State
of Maine are in order.
Mr. CURTIS. I understand I have the floor,
but will now J'icld it for the call of the States.
The Clerk then proceeded to call the States for
resolutions, commencing with the State of Maine.
AFRICAN SLAVE TRADE.
Mr. MORSE offered the following resolution:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be
requested to communicate to this House copies of all com-
munications which have been received from the British
Government, or from any officer thereof, on the subject of
the Afiican slave trade, since the 28th day of February,
1858, and copies of all correspondence which has taken
place between said Government and the Government of the
United States on the subject of said trade.
Mr. HOUSTON. All resolutions calling upon
the President for information must necessarily lie
over one day.
Mr. GROW. Not unless objection is made.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object. I require the rule
to be enforced.
PAY OF PUHSERS.
Mr. MORSE introduced a hill to modify the
sea^ervice pay of pursers in the Navy; whifeh
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
THE COOLY TRADE.
Mr. MORSE introduced the following resolu-
tion; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce:
Rewired, That the Committee on Commerce be directed
to inquire into the expediency of prohibiting by law alt
American vessels from engaging in the cooiv trade, or from,
transporting apprentice?, ko eallcd, to the West Indies, or
other parts of the world.
CLERKS TO COMMITTEES.
Mr. MORSE introduced the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the several committees of the House that
were authorized at the second session of the last Congress
to empioy clerks, with the addition of the Committee on
Accounts, are hereby authorized to employ clerks during
the sessions of the present Congress, at the rate of compen-
sation of four dollars a day, during such sessions of Con-
gress.
Mr. GROW. I ask the gentleman from Maine
to modify his resolution, so as to include the Com-
mittee on Territories.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I object to that res-
olution.
Mr. MORSE. I will modify the resolution at
the suggestion of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, and include the Committee on Territories;
and I now demand the previous question upon it
Mr. WINSLOW. I rise to a question of or-
der. This is private bill day;and this resolution,
not bcino; in the nature of a private bill, is there-
fore not in order.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Will not an objec-
tion to that resolution prevent its reception ?
The SPEAKER. The Speaker thinks the row-
olution is in order, and so decides.
^ Mr. WINSLOW. I have submitted to the
Chair, that this being private bill day, the reso-
lution is not in order.
Mr. MORSE. This is a private matter, I
think.
Several Members. Oh, no.
The SPEAKER. The question is on second-
ing the demand for the previous question.
Air. WINSLOW. My point of order takes
precedence of the demand for the previous ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
question of order. Does the gentleman take an
appeal ?
Mr. BURNETT. I take an appeal from the
decision of the Chair, as the gentleman from
North Carolina declines to do so, because it is
clearly not in order to offer this resolution at this
time. The rule fixes this as private hill dav
Mr. WASHBURNE, of [llinois. I move to
lay the appeal upon the table.
Mr. FLORENCE. If gentlemen are determ-
ined to insist upon this resolution at this time, I
want a record upon it. I demand the *nd
