I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
307
36xh Cong. ... 1st Sess.
Property in Territories—Mr. Douglas.
Senate,
measures as containing the rule of action of the
party. He will not deny that the convention, by
u unanimous vote, decided in favor of the com-
promise measures; that General Pierce was nom-
inated for President on that issue; that he was
elected on that issue and none other; that he never
would have been elected but for that issue; and
the Senator from Mississippi became Secretary of
"War by virtue of the same issue. These are stub-
born facts. He never could have been Secretary
of War if the Democratic nominee had not been
elected. General, Pierce could never have been
cloetcd or nominated if he had not stood upon the
issue of non-intervention by Congress with sla-
very in States and Tenitories. When the party
came together, we, the friends of the compiornise
measures of- 1850; we, the friends of non-inter-
vention, were magnanimous and tolerant. We
made no issues upon those who had differed with
us; we were generous and forgiving; we did not
remind them of their faults, nor of their humilia-
tion. We recognized them as our equals. We
never expected to be told that we were to be pur-
sued to the death; and that "no quarter" was to
be granted to us whenever you got the accidental
power to inflict revenge. We are tolerant. If
we succeed now, we do not propose to proscribe
anybody because of a difference of opinion, so
long as he remains in the Democratic organiza-
tion and supports its nominees.
Mr. President, having shown that General
Picrce was nominated and elected on this princi-
ple of non-intervention; that he stood pledged by
every dictate of honor and fidelity to carry it out
in good faith, X will now proceed to show how it
was carried out in the enactment of the Kansas-
Nebraska bill. At that time the Senate of the
United States had a chairman of the Committee
on Territories who did unquestionably reflect the
sentiments of the body, and of the Democratic
party m the body. It having become necessary
to organize the Territories of Kansas and Ne-
braska, the Committee on Territories, through me,
as its chairman, on the 4th of January, 1854,
made a report to this body, accompanied by a bill.
In this report we set forth distinctly the principles
upon whicli it was proposed to organize these
Territories. I will ask my friend from Ohio to
read an extract from that report, to show what
were those principles.
Mr. PUtrH read, as follows:
c* In the judgment of your committee, those measures [the
compromise mcastnes ot 18o0] were intended to have afar
more comprehensive and enduring eli'ect than the mere ad-
justment of the difficulties arising out of the recent acqui-
sition of Mexican teintory. Tln-y were designed to estab-
lish email) gicat principles, which would not only lnrm->h
adequate lemedics for existing evil-, but, in all tune to
come, avoid the perils ot a similar agitation, by withdraw-
ing tiie question of slavery from the IJaU  of Congress and
the political arena, and committing it to the arbitrament
of those who were immediately interested in, and alone
responsible for, its consequences. With a view of confoi fil-
ing then acuon to tne settled policy or the Government,
sanctioned by liie approving voice of thv' Ameiicun people,
your committee have deemed n then duty to ineoiporate
and peipetuato, m then territorial bill, the principles, and
spirit oi' those measures."
After presenting and reviewing certain piovis-
ions of the bill, the committee conclude as follows:
<• Fiom these piovisions it is apparent that the compro-
mise mKi-ures of I860 affirm and iest upon the following
proportion-*:
1«'im. That all questions pertaining to slaveiyinthe
Tetritories, and in the new States to be formed theiefiom,
aie to left to the decision of the people residing therein,
by their appiopnate representatives,"to be chosen by them
/or that pnr[K)se.
u j-Micoud. That all ca?e« involving title to slaves, and
questions ot personal freedom, aie iefeired to the adjudica-
tion of the local tribunals ; with tin1 right of appeal to the
Supremo Court of the United States.
"Thiiri. That the provisioned the Constitution of the
United States m respect to fugitives fiom setvice is to be
earned into laithful execution in all the oiganized Teni-
tories the slime as la the Platen The substitute for the lnll
which your committee have prepared, and which is com-
mended to the lavorabje action of the Senate, proposes to
cany these propositions and principles into practical oper-
ation, in the piecise language of the compromise measures
of 1850."
Mr. DOUGLAS. It appears, from these ex-
tracts from the report of the Committee on Terri-
tories, that we did not propose to mislead any
man, or to permit any man to be misled, in re-
gard to the principle on which the proposed ter-
ritorial action was to be based. The principles
were distinctly set forth: first, that the slavery
question was to be banished forever from the
Halls of Congress, and remanded to the people of
the Territories who were immediately interested;
secondly, that all questions involving the title to
slaves, and matters of personal freedom, were re-
ferred to the adjudication of the local tribunals,
with a right of appeal to the Supreme Court of
the United States. Here non-intervention was
established as* an invariable rule of action; the
Territories were to legislate as they pleased, so
that they did not violate the Constitution; and if
they passed any law impairing, or injurious to,
the rights of property in slaves, suit should be
brought in the local court of the Territory, with
a right of appeal to the Supreme Court of the
United States; and that we would abide the result
of such decisions. Then the fugitive slave law
was to be faithfully executed and carried into ef-
fect. Can any man have an excuse for not know^
ing that the true intent and meaning of the Kan-
sas-Nebraska act was, that Congress renounced
forever all right or pretext for interfering with
slavery in the Territories, either to establish, pro-
hibit, or protect? Remember, the questions to be
referred to the courts were such questions as
should arise under the territorial enactments, and
the cases all were to go into the local courts, with
a right of appeal. Certainly, if gentlemen did
not understand the provisions of the bill, it was
not the fault of the committee that reported it.
I insist that the terms of the bill are still more
explicit on this point. Having given notice, in
the report, of what we intended to do, and how we
intended to do it, and for what purpose we put the
provision in the bill itself in language so plain that
lie who runs may read, there can be no excuse for
not understanding it. In the fourteenth section of
the bill we provided:
u That the Constitution and all laws of the United States
which are not locally inapplicable, shall have the saiflc force
and effect withm the said Territory as elsewhere within
United .States, except the eighth sectioi. of the aet prepata-
tor> to the admission ot Missouti into the Union, approved
March G, 1820, which b«juig inconsistent with the principle
ol non-intei vention by Congress with slaveiy in tins Status
and Terntoiies, as recognized by the legislation of 1850,
commonly called the 'compromise measures,' is hereby
declared inoperative and void ; it being the true intent and
meaning of this act not to legislate slavery into any Terri-
tory or State, noi to exclude it theiefrom, but to leave the
people thereof perfectly free to form and regulate their do-
mestic institutions m their own way, subject only to the
Constitution ot the United Stales."
There you find several distinct propositions
affirmed in the body of the bill—that is the pro-
vision of the bill wfuch the late Colonel Benton
denounced as being a mere stump speech; bo-
cause the drafter of the bill was careful enough to
incorporate the distinct propositions which it was
intended to curry out. We did not mean to leave
it in doubt. In the first place, the principle an-
nounced was, that we repealed the Missouri com-
promise because it was inconsistent with the prin-
ciple of non-intervention by Congress with slavery
in the States and Territories, as affirmed in the
compromise measures of 1850. There is the as-
scrtion, that the compromise measures were in-
consistent with intervention for any purpose; that
it was necessary to establish non-intervention,
without any exception or any qualification, in
order to carry out the principle of the compromise
measures of 1850; and we repealed the Missouri
compromise merely for the purpose of applying
that principle and banishing the slavery question
from Congress, and remanding it to the people of
the Territories. That was the object, the only
object, for which we ever repealed it. Every
Senator who voted for the Kansas-Nebraska bill
declared by his vote that non-intervention was the
rule m the compromise measures of 1850. He is i
estopped from denying it; and it was well un- 1
derstood, at the time, that we were making an
indorsement of the principle of the compromise
measures of 1850; and we insisted that we would
never repeal the Missouri restriction until we had
that recognition. I remember well that when
southern Senators, who had opposed the compro-
mise measures of 1850, came to me and asked me
to strike out the words "being inconsistent with
the principle of non-intervention by Congress
with slavery in the States and Territories, as
recognized by the legislation of 1850, commonly
called the compromise measures," I asked them
why? They told me they had voted against the
measures of 1850, and this seemed to stultify
them, by compelling them to affirm them. I said,
in these consultations,46 You have agreed to with-
draw your opposition and acquiesce, and I must,
have it inserted in the bill^that we repeal the-
Missouri restriction only for the purpose of car-
rying out the principle of non-intervention;" and
there are men withm the hearing of my voice to
whom these reasons were given. It was con-
sidered as rather a bitter pill to those who had.
opposed the compromise measures of 1850'; but
we insisted that they should swallowit as the only
condition on which we would pass such a bill.
We had the recognition of the principle, and we
had the pledge of honor of every Senator who.
voted for the Kansas-Nebraska act, that he would
stand by the doctrine of non-intervention in all
time to come. The Journal shows it. We took
his bond, and recorded it on the Journal; it still
exists, and will be imperishable.
What else is asserted?
" It being the true intent and meaning of this act not to
legislate slavery into any State or Territory, nor to exclude'
it therefrom."
That does not tell what the intent was, but what
was not the intent. What was the intent?
" But to leave the people thereof perfectly free to form
and regulate their domestic institutions in their own way,
subject only to the Constitution ol'the United States."
That was the intent. Every man who voted
for the bill declared, on his oath, that that was the
intent: non-intervention by Congress; the people
left free to do as they pleased, so that they aid
not violate the Constitution, and the courts to
find out whether they violated the Constitution of
the United States or not; but Congress never to
interfere m any case. That is the way we agreed
to this bill. The record shows it. I have no con-
troversy with any man who was not a member
of the body at the time the bill passed, nor with
any man who has changed his opinions since and
will avow the change; but I assert that, beyond
cavil, beyond dispute, beyond pretext, the object
was, as avowed in the bill itself—non-interven-
tion by Congress with slavery in the States and
Territories; and I cannot permit it to be said,
without reply, that non-intervention meant only
that Congress should not establish or prohibit
slavery, and did not mean that it should not pro-
tect it. Sir, the record shows that it did mean that
Congress should never interfere for any purpose,
cither to protect, prohibit, or abolish.
That very question was raised by a Senator from
Michigan, Mr. Stuart, while the bill was pending,
after this proposition which I have read had been
voted in. He said that while we had stated the
Erinciplc correctly, still the effect of the bill would
e, by repealing the Missouri compromise, to re-
vive the old French laws protecting slavery, and
that thus we should have intervened in the very
act of non-intervening, by reviving a law for the
protection ofslgpreiy. That was his opinion. Mr.
Stuart laid dcfljK the proposition as a lawyer that
to repeal a repealing act revived the former act;
and hence, when we repealed the Missouri com-
promise we revived the French law that had be-
come void when that compromise was established.
That eminent lawyer and jurist, Mr. Badger,"bf
North Carolina, replied that Mr. Stuart had prop-
erly stated the common law rule on that subject;
but that the civil lawrule was different, that where
ever the civil law existed, if you repealed a re-
pealing act, it did not revive the former act, and
hence that no amendment was necessary on that
point. After consultation, an amendment was pre-
pared, which is known to the country as the Badger
amendment, the object of which was to declare
that Congress should not protect slavery itself,
nor do any act by which it should be protected,
contrary to the will of the people, that Congress
would not only not protect it but would not do any-
thing that would cause a revival of any law that
would protect it, the object being to leave the Ter-
ritories a white sheet of paper, with nothing but
the Constitution upon it, and to say to the people,
" Go and write on it what you please; slavery, if
you want it; and no slavery, if you do not want it."
It was to be, in the classic language of the cham-
pions of the measure of that day, a clean tabula
rasa. The way we understood it, the way the
people understood it, was the way it reads now.
Let me call your attention to the Badger amend-
ment, to show that that proviso was put in for the
