1750
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 17,
280 and the Senate bill No. 1, with all the amend-
ments, were in the committcc. These proposi-
tions were all referred to the committee; ana the
committee, after careful and mature consideration
of all the propositions, prepared the bill which
they have now reported as an independent prop-
osition, and the instruction to me was to report
the independent proposition in lieu of all the
measures that were referred to the committee,
which was to take their place on the table and to
accompany "the report of the committcc, and they
are now upon the table.
Mr. President, there were many propositions
brought forward. We had the House bill and the
Senate bill before us. The Senate bill had been
under consideration, and had been made the spe-
cial order; ithad been debated, and had gone over
from day to day. The House bill was then taken
up, and various propositions were offered by sev-
eral Senators. They were all referred to the com-
mittee, on the motion of the chairman. I think
I can speak with truth and sincerity when I say,
that the committee lookup all these propositions,
and considered them with deliberation and care,
and scrutiny. They have passed this bill through
an ordeal to which, in all my experience of legis-
lation, I have never seen a bill subjected. It is
true my experience is not as much as that of some
others; but I have witnessed a good deal of legis-
lation, and I have been on committees. I know
the spirit and feeling that were manifested when
this subject was referred back to the Committee
on Public Lands on the motion of its chairman.
There has been but one single purpose, and that
was to cmbraec the homestead idea proper, and
embraco in the bill principles that are pertinent to
the homestead measure, and bring it back to the
Senate in such a shape as it wns believed would
meet the approbation of all the departments of the
Government. The precise shape it has now as-
sumed will be more fully explained by others, m
a very short time, for I do not Intend to occupy
the attention of the Senate. It will accommodate
both parties, on this and the other side of the
Chamber. The object of it was to establish and
carry out the homestead principle, irrespective of
party influence, or the policy that might be pro-
posed by the respective parties on this question;
and I want to say, in this connection, that the bill
now is in a shape in which the genuine friends of
the homestead proposition have put it. It is true
that, on some of the details, which will be more
fully explained by others, there was a little dif-
ference of opinion; but there was no difference
in the committee on the great principle running
through the whole bill.
The intention was, I repeat, fori want it dis-
tinctly understood, not to take advantage of this or
that party; hut to place it on its true ground; to
put it in such a shape that it would receive the
sanction of the Senate, of the House of Repre-
sentatives, and of the Executive of the United
States. Those who are real friends to the home-
stead proposition do not desire to see the bill
vetoed. Those who are friends to the home-
stead proposition do not desire to see it rejected
in either Ilouse; they arc anxious for it to take
that shape and form which will make it acceptable
to all departments of the Government, and that
was the leading idea and consideration with the
committcc in the preparation of this proposi-
tion.
As to the difference between this bill and the
original Senate bill and the House bill, which were
both referred to the committee, I shall not speak.
I shall leave that to the chairman on whose mo-
tion the recommitment was made. In compliance
with the order of the Senate, the report has been
made here to-day. As to the differences between
the proposition now under consideration, and the
two bills and all the amendments that were re-
ferred, I shall leave to the chairman to explain,
who will, I do not say it unmeaningly, explain it
to the Senate more satisfactorily than I can; and
there is another member of the committee, on the
other side of the Chamber, who understands it,
and I take this occasion to say, not because the
Senators arc present, that those two Senators have
worked in good faith, and in a spirit of compro-
mise, with a fixed determination to put the prop-
osition in a shape to be acceptable to the country,
and to establish a great principle, and establish
a system in connection with the public lands.
Those two gentlemen are entitled to the credit
and respect of the country. I bear this tribute to
them, humble as I am, whether it be worth any-
thing to them or not. Those gentlemen have en-
gaged their hearts and their souls in this matter;
and there has been a magnanimity on the part of
the chairman and of the gentleman in the Opposi-
tion on the other side, to whom I have referred,
that has commended them, and the country ought
to know the part they have borne in the consum-
mation of this great measure. I will not do it
here. There are things that I can and will say,
when the proper occasion arises, in reference to
those gentlemen, who have made a sacrifice, not-
withstanding they are antipodes in politics, to
secure the consummation of a great idea, and the
establishment of a great principle, which, I believe,
will have a more beneficial influence on our pres-
ent land system than everything that has been
adopted anterior to it.
I hope that, when explanations are made by the
chairman pointing out the leading differences be-
tween the various propositions, the Senate, after
so much time has been consumed; after so much
expectation has been created; after the excitement
that has pervaded the whole country, will keep
this proposition under consideration until it is dis-
posed of. The public mind is entitled to it. It
ought to have definite action; and I trust and hope
that the Senate will keep the subject under con-
sideration until it is disposed of in one way or the
other. I do not wish to consume the time of the
Senate; and I will give way for the chairman, who
has taken the part he has, and who is entitled to
the commendation of the whole country, irre-
spective of party, on this subject, to explain the
differences in the bills.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Mr. President,
I have considered this question with a desire to
arrive at something on which we could all agree,
and I have certainly, as the Senator says, been
sincere in all the efforts I have made in regard to
it, as 1 trust I may always be in anything that I
undertake. We have attained what I did not
think possible, and what I have never, until recent-
ly, thought it was competent to attain, a point in
common betwepn us, a measure for the disposi-
tion of the public lands to actual settlers on which
we could agree. We have attained that, whilst
the Senator from Tennessee has preserved his idea.
I mention that simply in consequence of the Sen-
ator's allusion to myself. I may say, as perhaps
the best assurance that wc have reached a propo-
sition that is practicable in its character, and that
is wise and likely to prove beneficial, that it com-
mands the sanction and approval of scvcial other
parties, who have always, uniformly, and con-
stantly, opposed the homestead bill.
The object I have in rising is simply to explain
the differences that occur between the measure
that is before us now, and the bill that has been
before us heretofore, and that has commanded
the largest support, and was likely either to con-
sume the residue of the session, or to become a
law, so far as the action of the two Houses of Con-
gress was concerned. My object is to explain the
points of difference, and to present them practi-
cally. 1 have no disposition at all to make any
speech on the subject at this time; for the argu-
ments in regard to the whole matter are number-
less in favor of the bill, and an ingenious man
may find a great many on the other side.
It'is certain that wc have now reached this
point: wc have brought here a measure which,
so far as my convictions are concerned,is not only
for the benefit of the actual settler who goes on
the lands, but which is also demanded by, and
will be satisfactory to, the population throughout
the country in other States, and which will also
bo satisfactory to those who are in charge of the
Government itself. I cannot speak by authority,
yet I know it is satisfactory to the Secretary of
the Interior and to the Commissioner of the Oren-
cral Land Ofilce. It is a measure which will, of
itself, be productive of order and symmetry in ajl
its connection with the public land system, and
will actually bring money into the Treasury. I
have no hesitation in saying to the Senate that I
believe I can demonstrate that fact. And whilst
it will promote settlement, it will not, at the same
time, inconsiderately throw emigration forward
upon the public lands, and into the wilderness
and the forests, in such numbers as to cause suffer-
ing and loss to the settlers, or constitute a great
national deception practiced upon them.
The bill now presented is a bill of concessions,
not going so far as was demanded, cither by the
opponents or the friends of the original home-
stead proposition. The grounds of this action
have been tolerably well stated already by the
original advocate of the homestead proposition,
the honorable Senator from Tennessee; but I will
say, in this connection, that there was one dis-
tinct understanding, on which we actcd when we
set ourselves down to consider this question, and
that was, that we would eschew and reject every
purpose of gaining a political advantage by the
details of such a measure as this, or carrying on,
in any respect, a political warfare of any kind.
We sought simply to obtain that which would
establish a precedent, and a precedent consistent
with our present land system; not throwing away
the public lands, not coming in conflict with the
Constitution of the United States, and yet per-
mitting the settlement of the country, and that
gradually, and establishing principles which, if
we have not gone far enough now, find it should
be deemed well to go further hereafter, it can be
doncby subsequentlegislation, on theground that
legislation is a matter that is eminently progres-
sive in its character, where it is wise at all; and
that, on the other hand, if we have gone too far,
we have not gone far enough to do damage and
prevent restrictions being imposed hereafter. It
is on these terms that this bill is proposed, which
I hope will be generally supported.
I have no doubt.that there arc those, on my own
side of this Chamber, who will agree to no prop-
osition at all on this subject. I believe that there
are some such. Very well. I know something
of the circumstances that surround them, and I
respect their position; but I know that there are
others on this side of the Chamber who arc sur-
rounded by no such extraordinary pressure upon
their minds or obstacles in their localities as to
cause them to prejudge the measure. There are
very many who are free to consider the measure,
as it comes before you now, with reference to its
own merits. I will say beforehand that if this
measure is permitted to stand as it is reported, I
am for it. I do not say this with the belief that it
will affect the action of others at all. I only say
it as indicative of the earnestness and sincerity
with which I believe that it is right; that it will
give what no man can properly reject, that it
will only go to test, in some degree, principles
and policy that ought to be tested, and which if
we do not test, other measures that are absolutely
destructive in their character upon the public in-
terests will be compelled to be brought forward
and supported, and finally passed through. It
must be evident, I think, to our own side of the
House that the subject itself has taken possession
of the minds of people in the old States, some
State Legislatures having absolutely instructed
their Senators on this floor, and requested their
members of the other House, to sustain some
measure of immediate relief and amelioration.
The Treasury is now receiving almost nothing
from the public lands, and will so continue to re-
ceive almost nothing from the public lands, if
things remain as they are. Some measure must
and will be adopted, before we are done, and the
question is, whether we shall take that which is
mild, moderate, and rational, or whether wc shall
reject all things desperately, and say, no, let tho
power go to whomsoever it may, though it be
fanaticism or enthusiasm; let it take its widest
course and bring whatever disaster it may in its
train ?
We present this measure, after having ma-
turely considered it, and with that spirit which
would leave each one to concede what he could
concede, and only insist on that without which
he could not support it, and without reference to
politics at all. It is very probable that it may not
meetwiththeconcurrenceofsome; butl will point
out sincerely the points of difference that there are
between this bill and the original homestead meas-
ure. When I have presented it, I shall regret to
think that there may be those who will not agree
to this measure; yet I am satisfied that it is the
wisest and best bill wc can pass, as to its main
principles and policy. Of course, the details may
be altered in some respects—and wisely so, no
doubt, for no man can make an entirely perfect
measure.
I will proceed to explain the difference be-
tween the House bill and the bill which is now
