780
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLO£E.
February 10,
Mr. BURNETT. I appeal to the gentleman
from Maine to withdrawjjhe demand for the pre-
vious question, and permit me ft) offer my amend-
ment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 objected
to the gentleman from Maine debating the ques-
tion, and I, of course, must object to the gentle-
man from Kentucky.
Mr. BURNETT. It has been the practice to
allow a member to ask for the withdrawal of the
previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I understand
that the gentleman from Maine refuses to with-
draw his demand for the previous question.
Mr. BURNETT. I agree that there are some
committees which are entitled to clerks.
Mr. MORSE. There are only two clerks au-
thorized by law. If the clerks I ask for were
necessary under a Democratic Speaker, they are
necessary under the Speaker of this House.
Mr. FLORENCE. I object to debate unless
the previous question is withdrawn.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman from Maine
has not yetheard my suggestion. Under the gen-
tleman's resolution, clerks are authorized to be
employed who will have nothing to do but to act
as private secretaries to the ehairmen of these com-
mittees. I can demonstrate that fact.
Mr. GROW. I object to debate.
On the call of Mr. M. aynard, the resolution was
again read.
Mr. MAYNARD. Have these committees
asked for clerks?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has no informa-
tion on the subject.
Mr. FARJN"S WORTH. What committees had
clerks at the last session ?
Mr. FLORENCE. I object to debate, unless
the call for the previous question is withdrawn.
„ Mr. MORSE. I do not withdraw it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SPINNER. It is due to the House that
I should make abrief statement. The Committee
of Accounts 
Mr. BURNETT. Gentlemen on the otherside
have been making points of order upon me, yet
lhave no objection to hearingthe gentleman, if the
gentleman from Maine will withdraw the demand
for the previous question. I want to hear the
gentleman, and I hope the previous question will
not be insisted on. I hope the gentleman will
allow several of us to be heard; but I object to the
gentleman from New York proceeding unless the
call for the previous question is withdrawn.
_ The question was theii put; and it was decided
m the negative—yeas 81, nays 89; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Thomas L. Anderson, Avery,
Barksdaie, Barrett, Bocock, Bonham, Bouligny, Bovce,
Bristow, Btirch, Burnett, Carey, Horace F. CJark, Joliii B.
Clark, Clopton, Cobb, John Cochrane, Cooper, Cox, Curry,
Davidson, John G. Davis, Reuben Davis, De Jarnette, Ed-
mundson, Garnett, Gartrell, Hamilton, Hatton, Hawkins,
Jimdman, Houston, Hughes, Jackson, Jones, Keitt, Fran-
cis W. Kellogg, Kilgoro, Killingor, Landrum, Larrabee,
Leake, Logan, Elbert S. Martin, Maynard, McCiernand,
McQueen, McEae,utiles, Millson, Laban T. Moore, Syd-
enham Moore, Nebon, Niblack, Noell, rainier, Pendleton,
Peyton, Phelps, Pryor, Quarlcs, Reagan, James C. Robin-
son, Rust, Scott, Singleton, William ^mith, William N.
H. bmith, Stanton, Stevenson, Stokes, Stout, Taylor,
1 nomas, irimble, Vallandigham, Vance, Webster, Wins-
low, and Woodson—81.
* NAYS—Messrs. £haries F- Adams, Green Adam*, Ald-
riehj Alley, Ue Uu, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Bravton. Bri^s,
Burhnton, Budingame, Burnham, Rutterfield, Campbell
Carter, Case, Cieinens, Colfax, Conk]mg, Corwin,Covode,
Curtis, II. Winter Davis, Dawes, Delano. Dueil, Dunn,
Ldgerton, Edward*, -Ely, Etheridge, Farnsworth, Fenton,
Ferry, Florence, Foster, Frank. Gilmer, tfooch, Grow
Gurley, Hale, J. Morrison Harris, Ilaskin, Helmick, llill,
HiitebinH, Junkin, WiJhaia Kellogg, Kenvon, De~
Witt C. Leach, Lee,Loomis, Lovejoy,Marston,McKeau,
McKmght, McPherson. Milhvard, Moorhead, Morrill, Ed-
ward Joy Morris, Morse, Pettit, Porter, Potter, Christopher
bCe' Schwartz, Scdgwlck, Sheiman, Spauld-
vfAriPxS?erw ^t^vens strauon, Tappan, Tompkins,Tram.
EU?h«11'w!wk> Wa,ton' Cadwaladcr C. Washburn;
and'wStaSSSr*' lMilCl WaShbum' We,ls' VVi,s™>
So the resolution was not laid on the table.
During the call,
Mr. BINGHAM stated that Mr. Burroughs
^ F °NTG? * «*>' Ac day.
Mr. MORRILL, li nderstan&ngthatthe mover
of the resolution will so modify it as to limit the
pay to the actual number of days of service I
change my vote, and vote " no." - ''
The result of the vote was then announced, as
above recorded.
Mr. MORSE. I will now withdraw the pre-
vious question for the purpose of modifying the
resolution. I should say that the resolution was
placed in my hands this morning, by the chairman
of some other committee, and 
Mr. HOUSTON. Does the gentleman with-
draw the previous question ?
Mr. MORSE. I have withdrawn it; and I now
modify the last clause of the resolution, so that
it shall read " four dollars a day during the time
actually employed." If a committee does not
need the services of a clerk, they will not be em-
ployed. I move the previous question upon the
resolution, as modified.
Mr. BURNETT. I ask the gentleman from
Maine to name the committees to whom he pro-
poses to give clerks, and let ifs vote upon a prop-
osition naming each committee which he is will-
ing should have a clerk. Withdraw your previous
question, amend your resolution, and let us know
each committee.
Mr. MORSE. 1 suppose every member of this
House can judge for himself. If they will look
at the action of the House of Representatives at
the first session of last Congress, they will find
that a resolution was adopted on the 18th of De-
cember, authorizing the employment of clerks by
some six or eight committees at once. We want
no more clerks than were then allowed. I decline
to withdraw the previous question.
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 desire to make a sugges-
tion to the gentleman from Maine, if he will allow
me.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object to
debate.  
Mr. MAYNARD. It will be recollected that
at the last session of Congress 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object to
debate while the demand for the previous question
is pending.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I move that there
be a call of .the House. There is a very thin at-
tendance upon this side.
Mr. BURNETT. I demand the yeas and nays
upon that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would inquire of the Chair,
if this subjcct is passed over, whether it will come
up to-morrow as the first thing in order under the
operation of the previous question?
The SPEAKER. The previous question has
not been seconded.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope it will be seconded,
and that the subject will then be allowed to go
over until to-monow.
The question was then put upon the motion
that there be a call of the House; and it was de-
cided in the negative—yeas 46, nays 112; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Thomas l. Anderson
WS Eurch,
Cochrane, Curry, Jolm G
Mr. MAYNARD. They are the Committees
on Military Affairs, Elections, Foreign Affairs,
Judiciary, Territories, Commerce 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to a
point of order. I object to this debate.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Maino
does not withdraw the demand for the previous
question, and debate is not in order.
Mr. MAYNARD. I thought I had the per-
mission of the gentleman from Maine. I under-
stood him to consent that I should make the state-
ment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. No, sir.
Mr. MAYNARD—[continuing, amid cries of
"Order!"]—Post Office and Post Roads, Naval
Affairs, Public Lands, and Invalid Pensions.
Gentlemen will recollect that great complaint was
made during the last session of Congress that
clerks were unduly employed; that they were
employed in instances where committees had
nothing in the world for them to do, merely for
thepersonalconvenienceof the members, m flank-
ing their documents and carrying on their corre-
spondence. Still, the clerks were granted by the
House upon the application of each committee,
through its chairman. The resolution of the gen-
tleman from Maine [Mr. Morse] proposes, at a
single dash, to continue the abuse; and to do it
without the excuse of an alleged necessity. Let
us postpone our action until we hear from the
committees themselves, and see which of them
really need the services of a clerk. We can then
act intelligently. I am utterly opposed to this
summary mode of creating offices.
Mr. BURNETT. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion"vas not agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I call for tellers upon second-
ing the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. McPhersok,
and Davis of Indiana, were appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 80, noes 30; no quorum voting.
[Cries of" Call the roll!"]
Mr. KEITT. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. BURNETT. I move that when the House
adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
^Mr. PHELPS. I hope the gentleman from
Kentucky will withdraw that motion, as we ought
to act to-morrow upon the Post Office appropria-
tion bill, which has been returned from the Senate
with amendments.
Mr. BURNETT. I have no desire to adjourn
this House until Monday next; and if the gentle-
man from Maine will withdraw his demand for
the previous question, and permit us to amend the
resolution so as to name the committees who shall
be entitled to clerks under it, I will withdraw all
Bocock, Bon- , _   .
Clopton, John ;; objection to a vote upon the subject.
Davis, Reuben Davis, De Jar- . Mr ftPOW Tc i Zc .1- :
nette, Garnett, Gartrell, Hatton, Hawkins, Houston, Jones
Keitt, Landrum, Leake, Logan, Elbert S. Martin, Mav-
nard, McQueen, McRae, Sydenham Moore, Niblack,
l>ry°r> Quarles, Reagan, Rust, Singleton,
tllinm d     fn i. . mi' ' I
rich, Alien, Alley, Babbitt, Barksdaie, Barrett, Beale, ■
Bingnam, Blair, Blake, Boyce, Brayton, Bristow, Buffinton,
?HihnF,a™e>Bunihain, Butterfieid,Campbell, Carev, Ca&e
John B, Clark, Cobb, Cqlfax, Conkling, Cooper, Corwin,
Covode, James Ciaig, Curtis, Davidson, Dawes, Delano,
Duell,Dunn, Edgerton, Edmundson, Edwards, Ely. Ether-
idge, * arnsworth, Fenton, Ferry, Florence, Fostei,' Frank,
Oooch, Grow, Gurley, Hale, Hardeman, J. Morrison Harris
Haskin, Helmick, Hickman, Hoard, Howard. Hutchins,
Junkin, Francis W. KeUogtr, William KeHomr, Kenvon
Kxlgore,KiIlingor, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, Loomis. Love-
WVMaI1°0'*3 Maiston, Charles D. Martin, McCiernand,
i McPherson, Millson, MUhvard, Moor-
head, Morrill, Morse, Nelson, Palmer, Pendleton, Perrv.
I* It flint! fll  _ >. , . '  ' .* ■
Mr. GrROW- If a minority of this House do
not want the majority to do any business, let them
take the responsibility. *
Mr. COLFAX. I wish to say to the gentleman
from Kentucky that the House, on the 18th day
of December, 1857, adopted a resolution precisely
like this. ' 3
Mr. BURNETT. And I was opposed to that
then, as I am opposed to this now. I withdraw
the motion to adjourn over until Monday.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the gentleman from South
Carolina will withdiaw the motion to adjourn, I
will make & privileged motion—that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. KEITT. I will withdraw it for that pur-
pose.
then move that the rules
_ • . - House resolve itself
ble,' Vandcvcr, Verrce, Wade^Waitoi^ |! 'I110Committee of the Whole on the state of
Wa.sl,bum,ElljhuB.Washbiirne,Israel Washburn WellV - tho
Wilson. Woo,''|| Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That motion
11 is not in order, pending the demand for the pre-
jl vious question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
motion is in order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Do I un-
derstand the Chair to decide that a motion to
suspend the rules is in order, pending the demand
for the previous question upon another question;
That certainly cannot be m order.
Wilson, Hoodruft, and Woodson—112.
So a call of the House was refused.
The question recurred upon the demand for the '
previous question. i
Mr. MAYNARD. I would like to make a
suggestion to the gentleman from Maine. I wish
he would withdraw the demand for the previous
question until I can state to the House what com-
mittees will be covered by his resolution
Mr. WASHBURNE, yofIlhnois I object to
debate pending the demand for tho previous ques-
_ The SI EAKER. It is in order before the pre-
vious question is seconded; but not after it is
seconded.
