1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
731
Tellers were ordered upon the motion of Mr.
Sherman, and Messrs. Hickman and John Coch-
rane were appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 90, noes 43.
Mr. STANTON. I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. FLORENCE. I submitthis point of order,
that on seconding the demand for the previous
question upon the resolution offered by the gen-
tleman from Maine, [Mr. Morse,] it was ascer-
tained, by a vote taken by tellers, that no quorum
was present. No motion, therefore, under the
rules, was in order, except a motion to adjourn
and for a call of the House. The motion of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] therefore,
in my judgment, was not in order; and the ques-
tion recurs upon seconding the demand for the
previous question upon the resolution of the gen-
tleman from Maine. I ask that the Chair shall—
by tellers, if it chooses—ascertain if a quorum is
present.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman makes a very
good point of order; but, unfortunately, it comes
too late. The House has already ascertained, by
a vote, that a quorum is present.
The SPEAKER. The Chair so decides.
Mr. FLORENCE. But my point of order is,
that the motion upon which the vote has been
taken was not at the time itself in order. If we
have made a mistake, let us go back and rectify
it. I insist upon my point of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that it has
been ascertained that a quorum is present, and
that the motion is in order.
Mr. STANTON. 1 withdraw my call for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. *1 desire to
know what becomcs of the resolution of the gen-
tleman from Maine, if the motion of the gen-
tleman from Ohio prevails ? Does it come up m
the morning, or does it fail altogether ?
The SPEAKER. The call for the yeas and
nays having been withdrawn, the motion of the
gentleman from Ohio is therefore agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Wash-
bxjrne, of Illinois, in the chair.)
president's annual message.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the business
before the committee was the consideration of the
annual message ok the President of the United
States.
Mr. SHERMAN submitted the following res-
olutions:
1. Resolved, That so much of the annual message of the
President of the United States to the two Houses"of Con-
gress at the present sessio.n as relates to our foreign affairs,
together with the accompanying correspondence m relation
thcieto, and to the claims of our citizens against the Gov-
ernments of Spain, Mexico, Costa Rica, and Nicaragua,
and to the injuries Inflicted oil the persons and pioperty of
our citizens by those Governments, and the manner oi ic-
dress; to an appiopriation for the " Amistad" claimants;
to the acquisition of Cuba; to the difficulties with Gieat
Britain arising out ot the Clayton-Bulwer treaty; and to the
question arising out oi the adverse claims of the parties to
the Island of San Juan, under the Oregon treaty of the 19th
of June, 1846, be reierred to the Committee on Foreign
A ft airs.
2. Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as lelates to the finances; to the.act
making appropriations for the service of the Po^t Office De-
paitment ior the venr I860; to the deficiency in the rev-
enues of the same for the year 1859; to the payment of
interest on amounts found due to contractors for the trans-
portation of the mails; to the receipts into the Treasury
and public expenditures; to the provision of additional rev-
enue by an increase of the present duties on imports, be re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
3. Resolvd, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to the execution oi the laws
of the United States against the African slave trade, and in
reference to the passage of a law appointing some day pre-
vious to the 4th of Maich, in each year of odd number, for
tlie election of Representatives throughout all the States;
to the final settlement, by the Supreme Court of the United
States, of the question of slavery in the Territories; ami to
the power to enter Mexico with the military forces of the
United State?, in Older to protect tile citizens and treaty-
riglits of the United State;., be referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
4. Resolved, Til at so much of said message and accnm-
panymg documents as relates to the Army of the united
States, and to the establishment of one or more temporary
militaiy posts, across the Mexican line, in Sonoraand Chi-
huahua, where they may be necessary to protect the lives
and property of American and Mexican citizens against the
incursions and depredations of the Indians, as well as the
lawless rovers on that*remote region, be refeired to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
5. Rcsohed, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates t« the Navy of the United
States; to provision for the protection of our citizens on the
transit routes of Panama, Nicaragua^ and Tehuantepec; and
to provision for the protection ot American merchant vessels
their crews and caigoes again&l violent and lawless seizure
and confiscation in the ports of Mexico and the Spanish
American States, when they may be in a disturbed ami rcv-
olutionaiy character, be referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
6. Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as lelates to the District of Columbia,
be reierred to the Committee for the District of Columbia.
7. Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to the Post Office Department,
its operation and condition, increased expenditures and cost
of transportation, be referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
8. Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to the Territories of the
United States, and to the establishment of a territorial gov-
ernment over Arizona, be referred to the Committee on
Territories.
9. Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to the public domain, be re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
10. Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents aa relates to our intercoui&e with the
Indian tubes, be leferrcd to the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs.
11. Resolved, That so much of^aid mes&age and accom-
panying documents as relates to expenditiues m connect.on
with the State Department, bo referred to the Committee
on Expenditures m the State Department.
13. Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as i elates to expenditures in connection
with the Treasuiy Department, be referied to the Commit-
tee on Expenditures 111 the Treasuiy Department.
13. Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates t^expenditutes*in connection
with the War Department, be" referred to the Committee
on Expenditures in the War Department.
14. Resolved" That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to expend ttures m connection
with the Navy Department, be reierred to the Committee
on Expenditures in the Navy Department.
15. Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to expenditures in connection
with the Post Office Department, be reierred to the Com-
mittee on Expenditures in the Po.-t Office Department.
16. Resolved. That s>o much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to expenditures in connection
with the Department of the Interior, to the expenditures
generally, and to a retrenchment ot the same, be referred
to the Committee on Public E^enditures.
17. Rcsohed, That so much ot said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to the construction of a Pacific
railroad be referred to a special committee, to consist of
fifteen members. *
Mr. FERRY obtained the floor.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I ask the gentle-
man from Connecticut to yield for a motion that
tlie committee rise. I presume it will be more
agreeable for him to go on to-morrow.
Mr. PERRY. The gentleman will excuse me.
I prefer to go on to-day.
Mr. STANTON. I wish to know if it is the
general understanding that no business shall be
transacted to-day?
Mr. GROW. No, sir; I object to any such
understanding.
political issues of the day.
Mr. FERRY. Mr. Chairman , in adopting the
principles which govern ruy public conduct, I am
not aware that. I am actuated by any desire to
advance the interests of one section of the country
beyond those of any other. I have sought always
to advocate such measures, and such only, as, in
my deliberate judgment, were calculated to pro-
mote the welfare of the entire Confederacy. _ I
have felt it to be my duty to act in political affairs
not merely for the present, but for the future also;
not only for the twenty-five millions of the present
generation, but for the forty millions of the next;
not only for the thirty-four States of to-day, but
for the fifty "sovereignties which some of us may
live to see confederated under the Constitution of
the Republic; in a word, not to be a politician
simply, but, in so far as I am able, to be a states-
man. It is with such motives that 1 have made
my choice between the great political organiza-
tions which divide the public sentiment of the
country, and my only antagonisms are those which
necessarily arise when I find my cherished prin-
ciples assailed; schemes, which seem to mo de-
structive, pressed into legislative enactments; or
measures, which I deem beneficial, strenuously
resisted. I have no controversy with the people
of tlie South; I am heartily tired of the sectional
watch-words which have so long resounded in
our ears, and I shall not permit myself to be drawn
into a dispute upon local and geographical dis-
tinctions. My controversy is with those who
guide the action of the • Democratic party; it is
there that I find tlie sources of the evils which
afflict us, the fountains of treasonable sentiment,
and the causcs which have led the Government of
this Republic into a well-nigh universal betrayal
of the common rights of humanity. And when I
speak of the Democratic party, I mean'the organ-
ization which is now called by that hame. There
was a Democratic party once, sir, of a far differ-
ent character, and which spoke with a widely
different utterance. There was a Democratic party
once, from whose platform all mention of the in-
alienable rights of man was not erased, and to
whose ears freedom had not become a hateful
sound. That party is no more; I speak not'of it;
it is the living issues and the living organizations
of the present which I choose to meet.
For the first eight weeks of the session, the
Democratic party 111 this House occupied its time
almost without interruption in the discussion; of
the slavery question. The President devotes, a
large portion of his message to the same topic.
The Vice President has been home to Kentucky,
and, from the legislative halls of that State, haB
addressed an essay to the nation upon the same
subject. A Democratic Senator from Ohio intro-
duced into the Senate, as the first measure of the
session, a resolution opening anew till whole at
this vexed question. The consequence, if not the
object, of these proceedings, is seen in a wide-
spread agitation throughout the country; disturb-
ing its business interests, and endangering the
peace and good order of society. The discussion
which was forced upon this House has had a
large share in producing these unhappy results;
nor has the manner in which it has been con-
ducted by gentlemen upon the other side of the
Hall been calculated to diminish its pernicious
effects. With a few honorable exceptions, they
have suffered passion to usurp the place of rea-
son; have substituted vituperation for argument,
and abusive epithets for facts. I shall not follow
their example. If I cannot preserve the ordinary
courtesies of decent private life, even in mention-
ing in debate the political designation of an oppo-
nent, I will hold my peace.
But, sir, the Republican members of this body
would be negligent of their duty to the true and
loyal irten wlio sent them here, if they should not
reply,to some extentandat afitting time,to these
unprecedented and unfounded assaults upon them.
It is in partial discharge of this duty that I now
address the House. In so doing, I shall endeavor
to state fairly what seem to me the necessary re-
sults of the doctrines avowed by the leading mem-
bers of the Democratic party on this floor, to
controvert those doctrincs as well as I am able to
do, and to set forth frankly my own views upon
the questions at issue. The time has come when
wo should fully understand each other; and I am
sure that all honorable gentlemen will agree with
mc, that wo ought no longer to deceive ourselves
or delude the people with specious equivocations
and juggling platforms.
Tlie prevalent opinion among those who framed
the Constitution of this Government, was that,
in political economy, slavery was to be regarded
as an evil; to some extent, indeed, a necessary
evil, in communities where it had existed for many
generations, and become interwoven with tlie so-
cial habits and business interests; but still an evil,
whose peaceable and legal removal was an object
of earnest desire. In relation to its original es-
tablishment in a new society, the opinion was
more decided; such establishment was justly con-
sidered a great moral wrong, a sin against God,
and a crime against humanity, as well as repug-
nant to the principles of a sound political econ-
omy. And such continued to be the general opin-
ion of the country formore than a generation after
the adoption of the Constitution. I shall not
weary the House with quotations in confirmation
of these statements; the proofs of their correct-
ness will readily occur to all intelligent men. The
Democratic party of to-day denounces these sen-
timents as false and fanatical. It holds, as an
abstract proposition, that property in man exists
of natural right; no more to be condemned in
morals or deprecated in policy than property in
cattle or merchandise; that the system of Amer-
ican slavery, which is based upon this property
in man, is also, and without reference to collat-
eral circumstances, right; right, not merely where
it exists as an involuntary inheritance from pre-
ceding generations, but rightfully to be originally
established in a community, as a component part
of its domestic institutions. And not only this,
but that, as a system, it is expedient; productive
