1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1751
reported, andwhichisbefore the Senate; andfirst,
in regard to the persons who are to have the ben-
efit of the act. The House bill conferred thisben-
efiton all heads of families, and also on all other
Eersons over the age of twenty-one years. This
ill secures the land to none but the heads of fam-
ilies. That is the first difference; and it is a wide
difference in the class of persons who are to have
the benefits of the bill. I addressed a question to
the Commissioner of the General Land Office, and
from the information received from him, based
on the actual experience of the Department under
the preemption and donation laws, it is found
that this provision alone makes a difference of
about,fiftyper cent, in the number of persons who
will tie entitled to claim the benefits of the act. I
know that this will not meet with the concurrence
of the other side of the House, if they arc dis-
posed to insist on all they want. At the same time
I can say to them, that it is better that we test
these matters as the bill stands, before an ex-
treme step is attempted; and if it be afterwards
determined to be proper that those who are not the
heads of families should come in, certainly the
same power that does this now can bring forward
another measure, and make that alteration. But
at present the committee reject any class except
those who are absolutely heads of families and
citizens of the United States. The House bill
grants the lands to heads of families and to all
persons over twenty-one years of age. There, the
Senate will perceive, is an important difference
between the two propositions.
In the next place, tliis bill requires the payment
of twenty-five cents per acre for the land. The
House bill requires nothing; the House bill makes
a gratuity. This bill, as presented to-day by the
member of the committee who reported it, requires
that the actual cost of the land shall be paid bacjc
to the Government of the United States. That
cost is estimated to be about twenty-five cents an
acre. It is reported, and in common circulation,
that it is thirty cents. Tlie Land Office itself does
not say that it is thirty cents, but that it is a frac-
tion under it. The Land Office makes up its es-
timate to show the actual cost, and in doing so,
brings into the account many points that I think
will not bear discussion at all. I will say to the
Senate frankly, that I have no idea that the original
cost of the public lands is twenty-five cents an
acre; but, as a showing can be made on a state-
ment of the accounts which would put it a little
beyond twenty-five cents, and nearly up to thirty
cents an acre, I am willing to concede that twenty-
five cents is about the cost; but 1 do not know that
it may not be necessary to bring forward that ac-
count at sonte time before this bill is disposed of,
and show the fact—which I think con be fairly
shown—that twenty-five cents is largely over the
actual cost of the lands.
In the next place, this bill requires five years
actual residence, and the payment of the price
peremptorily at the end of the five years, or else
the party forfeits his rights under the provisions
of this inceptive homestead bill. The House bill,
on the contrary, requires five years of consecutive
settlement, and then gives two years more, making
seven years before the party need take out a patent
for the land; thus granting seven years' posses-
sion; and during the last two years it does not re-
quire that he shall live on the land at all; nor does
it require that he shall not sell and dispose of it
to others. There is a difference between five and
seven years, and a difference between the requisi-
tions as to actual settlement, whilst the object of
the bill is, in fact, to confer benefits upon those
who break the eanc, who enter the forest, who
erect the first cabins, and dig the first wells, who
are the first that are there to meet the traveler on
his way, and give him bread and drink.
Next, the bill before the Senate confines the sale
of the land—I call it a sale and not a gift when the
full cost of the land is secured to the United States;
I do not call it a homestead in the shape of a gratu-
ity—the bill confines the homestead benefits to
lands which have been already offered at public
sale, and which are subject to sale at private entry.
Thus, under the terms'of the bill, none but those
lands which have been first surveyed, and then
offered at public sale to the highest bidder, will he
subject to its provisions; and only after that can
the parties come forward to avail themselves of it.
That saves the public lands before they have, been
surveyed and offered for sale, from being, as it
were, robbed, seized upon, emasculated of their
real value, their greatest worth.
This bill is confined to lands subject to sale at
private entry. The House bill, on the contrary,
makes a gift of the land, a gratuity, and no re-
turn to the Government of any of the original
cost, and makes that gratuity apply to all lands
that are subjeet to preemption. That extends to
all the lands that are open to settlement—and
the whole domain is open to settlement—and they
can live there until the time when it becomes liable
to preemption; and they come in with their privi-
leges before it is offered for sale, and they prove
up, and pay for it before the day of sale, and
there is no limitation m regard to it. So the House
bill extends the gift to all lands subject to pre-
emption, and absolutely goes so far as to make it
apply to the reserved alternate section in the grants
that wc made for railroad purposes to the States.
The Senate must see, with a programme like that
of the House of Representatives homestead hill,
wliat the effect will be upon our past legislation,
by which wc had promised to return to ourselves
all the benefits that we granted, by charging for
the alternate sections an amount which would
compensate for the grant that we made. The legis-
lation proposed by the House bill, undoubtedly
sacrifices those provisions which governed, and
which were acknowledged as the consideration
upon which railroad grants were made by Con-
gress. This bill of the Senate committee, rejects
any such action as that, and respects the past legis-
lation of the law-making power, adheres to it, and
makes this bill, in no respect, inconsistent with
preceding legislation.
Again: this bill requires a constant residence
during five years,and prompt paymentatthe end
of that time, and refuses to allow the settler to sell
or to abandon the land on which he has settled
during that period, or if he does abandon it or
sell it, he foifeits his right. That is the condition
of the bill as it is now. It is proposed in good
faith, for those that really will, under this act
of the Government, discharge their just obliga-
tions towards the Government by fulfilling the
terms and conditions of the act which is now pre-
sented, and which I hope will become a law.
The House bill, it is true, requires settlement
for five years as a condition. It gives the land in
the first place as a gratuity, ar.d then requires five
years' settlement, but permits the settler to sell it
or to abandon it for two years; and yet at the
expiration of two years after the five, at the ex-
pense of any intervening rights of parties who
may have come and settled on those very lands
when they were found abandoned, the Govern-
ment is to give the first settler a legal fee-simple
title, upon his paving ten dollars for the patent and
the office fees. These are the privileges offered
by the House bill; and they are equally offered,
and were in fact specially provided, unless I have
utterly misconstrued the bill, for the benefit of
those aliens who had or might come here and who
might fail to go on at oncc promptly and comply
with the first requisitions—which were to natur-
alize themselves and become citizens. _
This bill of the Senate committee ignores the
other two years that the House bill added to the
five years of settlement, and requires payment to
be made at the end of five years. He who will not
on a crcdit of five years, and a reduction of the
price of the land to the actual cost of it, come
forward and perfect his title and receive a patent,
is to forfeit the land. This bill refuses to grant
more time, either to the native citizen or to the
alim.
The bill of the House of Representatives con-
tained a provision which, I will frankly say, I do
not believe that House ever designed. I do not
think they could have designed to effect what, in
: mv judgment at least, one provision of the bill
I does effect. It was passed in that body under the
previous question, without discussion olid with-
out consideration, and it undoubtedly contains a
provision which was not intended by the House.
It makes the most complete homestead, it it does
; not come in conflict with the Constitution of the
United States; but I imagine there would be very
little difference of opinion upon that point. It
r declares that the homestead granted shall in no
i j event be liable to any debt of the settler contracted
!l prior to the seven years; that after he has gone
upon it, and whilst he is upon it, and even after he
has perfected his title, the land shall, in no event,
be liable to any debt of the settler contracted
prior to the issuing of the patent. That exemp-
tion lasts forever. The construction of the lan-
guage must be, that the land is forever hereafter
exculpated from all anterior debts. On that point,
this bill of the Senate committee simply declares,
what I believe the House of Representatives ori-
ginally intended, that the land upon which the set-
tler may have located shall not be sold for his '
debts, until the United States has parted with her
title and issued her patent. When the United
States has parted with title, and has no longer
any interest in it, it is to be liable for the debts of
the party, whether they have been heretofore or
may be hereafter created. That, also, is a very
distinct difference between the two bills.
Again, as to aliens specially, the House bill
allows an alien two years after the expiration of
his five years'settlement to perfect his naturaliza-
tion, and to obtain a gratuitous homestead under
its provisions. The preemption laws which have
been in existence from twenty to thirty years, also
allow an alien to go on any and all public lands,
surveyed or unsurveyed, without any prior dec-
laration of intention to become naturalized; and
then they allow the alien"; after he has gone upon
them, and does not comply, and cannot comply,
with the ordinary terms, to enter the land, to pur-
chase it, and to receive a patent, without ever be-
coming a citizen at all. That is the existing gen-
eral land law; and accordingly, a State may be
entered up entirely by one alien, if he chooses to
go to your land office, present his cash, and pay the
minimum price. The House bill, in this respect,
and the general land laws, are in contrast with the
bill which is now before the Senate, and I beg
Senators to note the difference. This Senate bill
restricts the' alien, in the first place, so far as its
benefits are concerned, to lands that are subject to
entryatprivate sale, lands that have been surveyed,
that have been offered at public sale to the highest
bidder, that are then standing subject to sale at pri-
vate entry—whether it be one year, five years, or
forty years. That is the class of land upon which
he is authorized to go for the purpose of securing to
himself the benefits of this act. Then he is required
to declare his intention to become naturalized be-
fore he can take the first step to do that, and it is
only after Tie has made his declaration of inten-
tion to become naturalized that he is to be per-
mitted to file in the office his declaration of inten-
tion to claim the benefits of this act, and to settle
on the land; and from that time only is his settle-
ment to commence to run for the term of five years
required by the bill.
The next point in the same section is, that after
the alien has done this, and after he has made his
declaration of intention to be naturalized, and has
made his declaration of intention to settle upon
a piece of land, and take the benefits of this act,
and after he has gone upon it, and settled and
continued to live upon it for five years, and be-
fore he is permitted to receive a fee-simple title
or to purchase the land, he. is to present at the
land office his certificate of citizenship of the Uni-
ted States. I think I may very well say that the
terms of this bill are such that there is but one
class of people who will receive its benefits; and
they are citizens of the United States, and heads
of families. The Senate will here perceive a great
difference between the House bill and the preemp-
tion laws on the one hand, and the bill which is now
reported on the other hand. If it shall hereafter
be determined that it ought to be extended still
further, it will be for those who feel an interestm
the measure to propose to extend it, to enlarge the
class, to extend it hereafter, if you please, to all
those over the age of twenty-one years, without
reference to the question whether they have any
incumbrance in the shape of a family, or whether
they are naturalized citizens or not. I do not
think the terms of the bill in that respect can
really and consistently and wisely be objected to.
Again: the Senate bill now reported is consist-
ent with our entire land system, and is promotive
of revenue. There are features in this that are
more, perhaps, matter of argument than statement
of fact, and I am not disposed to*g;o into the argu-
ment now, for it would open a very large field of
discussion; but I think the point is capable of entire
• It is consistent
and satisfactory demonstration.
