I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
309
36th Coxg. ... 1st Sess.
Property in Territories—rMr. Douglas.
Senate.
Augustus Hall, Sampson W. Hairis, Thomas L. Harris,
Heibert, Hickman, Houston, Jewett, George W. Jones,
XCeitt, Kelly, Kidweli, Letcher, Lumpkin, S. S. Marshall,
Maxwell, McMullin, McQueen, Smith Miller, Million,
Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Peck, Phelps, Powell, Quitman,
Ruffin, Rust, Sandidge, Savage, Samuel A. Smith, William
Bmith, Stephens, Stewart, Talbott, Vail, Warner, Wat-
kin4?, Wmslow, Daniel B. Wiight,and John V. Wright."
— Congressional Globe, vol. 32, pait 1, p. 228.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The country will not hesi-
tate to roe,ognize distinguished names on that list
which they have been in the habit of regarding
with great favor and confidence. Every southern
Democrat, without exception, as shown by the
Journal, recorded his vote for Governor Ricnard-
son for Speaker after that explanation of the Kan-
sas-Nebraska bill- If my memory serves me, a
distinguished gentleman from South Carolina,
and others now present, had refused to vote for
Richardson before this explanation was made,
and this explanation, declaringhimself in favor of
non-intervention, in favor of the rights of the peo-
ple of the Territories to do as they pleased, was
so perfectly satisfactory to the members from
South Carolina and other southern States, that
they all voted for him on the next ballot. [Laugh-
ter, and applause m the galleries.]
Who ever expected that, in less than five years
from that day, you would find these same gen-
tlemen making a test against a man because he
held the identical sentiments which were then af-
firmed ? I reckon I am about as sound on this
question as Governor Richardson. He and I
agree precisely in our construction of the act. He
was the chairman of the Territorial Committee
in one House, and I in the other; and less than
five years ago you affirmed, cither that you ap-
proved of Richardson's construction, or that his
entertaining those views constituted no objection
to him. "VYho has changed since that tinic? Is
it I, who now avow the principles I did then; or
those who now denounce me for holding the same
opinions which they then seemed to sanction by
their votes? I make no tests with gentlemen, if
they have honestly changed their opinions since
that time, they should frankly avow the change.
No man should cherish such a pride for consist-
ency as to cling to error one moment after he is
convinced of it; but a man, whenever he changes
his opinions, ought to avow it, and give the rea-
sons for the change, so as to remove the scales
from our eyes also. If I can forgive all these hon-
orable gentlemen for having changed their posi-
tion, is it asking too much of them to forgive me
for my fidelity to principles of action to which
they and I were solemnly committed within so
short a period ?
But, Mr. President, I want to add a little more
authority on this point. It will be remembered
that in 1848 Alabama took the lead at the Balti-
more convention in asserting the doctrine of con-
gressional intervention in the Territories. Itwill
be remembered that in 1856 she took the lead in
demanding of the Cincinnati convention, as an
ultimatum, the repudiation of the doctrine of in-
tervention, and the adoption in its placc of the
doctrine of non-intervention. The Alabama State
convention which appointed delegates to Cincin-
nati in 1856, happened to be in session when the
contest for Speaker took place between Colonel
Richardson and Mr. Banks. The Democracy of
Alabama were looking to Washington for the
result of that contest with intense anxiety. There
stood the gallant Richardson, the author of the
Kansas-Nebraska bill so far as the House was
concerned, the nominee of ins party, proclaiming
to the world in bold language its true meaning;
and every Democrat in Alabama heartily sym-
pathized with him, and hoped that Richardson,
the defender of southern rights, might be elected
Speaker. The State convention, then in session,
representing the Democracy of Alabama, felt so
deeply upon this subject, that they deemed it then-
duty to go out of the usual routine, and pass a
resolution of approval. I ask my friend to read
that resolution.
Mr. PUGH read, as follows:
<{ Resolved, That the course pursued by the gallant men
of the Southland Noith, in thejr efforts to oigamzo the
present Congress of the United States, by the election of
Mi. Richardson as Speaker, receives our heat ty approval.
They have acted wisely in holding out against the designs
of the fanatical majority to foice a Fiee-Snil organization
upon them; that in their handa we can safely trust the
rights of the South and the true principle of conservative
nationality, with the confidencc that they will never aban-
don them m any trial, even amidst the confusion and terrors
of disorganization."
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I have only
to say upon this point that it seems the Alabama
State convention, in 1856, did not regard Colonel
Richardson's construction of the Kansas-Nebras-
ka bill as so monstrous a heresy as to disqualify
every man for ofiice who held his opinions. It
seems so from the fact that they indorsed the gal-
lant Richardson and the faithfulsoutherners who
voted for him. This inference is confirmed by
the fact that the same convention instructed their
delegates to the Cincinnati convention to insist
upon the express recognition of the doctrine of
non-intervention by Congress with slavery in the
Territories as the only condition upon which Ala-
bama would consent to be represented at Cincin-
nati. This was the ultimatum of the Alabama
Democracy in 1856. I ask my friend from Ohio
to read that part of the resolutions.
Mr. PUGH read, as follows:
"8. That it is expedient that we should be represented
in the Democratic national convention, upon such condi-
tions as arc hereinafter expiessed.
" 9. That the delegates to the Democratic national con-
vention, to nominate a President and Vice President, are
hereby expressly instructed to insist that the said conven-
tion shall adopt a platform of principles, as the basis of a
national organization, prior to the nomination of candi-
dates, unequivocally asseitmg, in substance, the following
propositions: 1. The lecognition and approval of the pim-
ciple of non-intervention by Oongiess upon the subject of
slavery in the Territories. "2. That no lestnetion or prohi-
bition of slavery, m any Territory, shall hereafter be made
by any act of Congress. 3. That no State shall be refused
admission into the Union because of the existence of sla-
very th<uein. 4. The faithful execution and maintenance
of the fugitive slave law.
<c 10. That if said national convention shall refuse to
adopt the proposition^ embraced in the preceding resolu-
tion. out delegate-1 to said convention are hereby positively
instructed to withdraw therefrom.*'
Mr. DOUGLAS. There is some very sound
and wholesome doctiiue contained in these instruc-
tions. The Alabama delegates were to demand
that the platform be made first, and that the plat-
form should expressly affirm the doctrine of non-
intervention. The Cincinnati convention acceded
to the demands of the Alabama Democracy. I
indorsed those propositions; lam willing to abide
by them now. They are a fair exposition of the
ivansas-Nebraska bill. They are identical with
the Cincinnati platform. The Charleston conven-
tion indorsed those identical propositions, and
Alabama seceded becausc the convention did so !
Alabama went into the Cincinnati convention de-
manding non-intervention as the condition on
which she would remain. She got it. She went
into the Charleston convention demanding the
reverse of non-intervention as the only condition
on which she would remain. She did not get it,
and she went out. Alabamaled the bolt at Charles-
ton solely for the reason that the majority of the
convention adopted the Alabama ultimatum of
1856! I recognize the right of the Democracy of ■
Alabama to changc their opinions just as often as
they please. Very few men live who have not :
changed many opinions. Men who have more
I regard for truth than consistency will change
| whenever convinced of their error. Hence I do
j not condemn Alabama for bolting now for the
; very reason that she assigned for going in the
j Cincinnati convention in 1856; but it is not to be
expected that we who accepted her ultimatum then, i
and have ever since observed it in good faith, '
should be satisfied to be denounced as enemies to
the South, for holding fast to the same principles
which shf1 then proclaimed.
I repeat, that I nm willing now to stand by
those terms and conditions that Alabama pre-
scribed as her ultimatum in 1856. I must do this
justice to the Democracy of Alabama: I do not
believe the Democracy of that State indorse or
approve of this attempt to break up the Demo-
cratic party of the Union because the party would
not change the platform. I'believe the people of
Alabama are now as much attached to the princi-
ples of the Democratic party, as they understood
them themselves and proclaimed them to the
world, as they were in 1856. I do not believe that
Alabama will follow Mr. Yancey now in his mad
scheme to break up the Democratic party in quest
of congressional intervention any more than she
did in 1848, when he attempted the same thing.
At this point, the honorable Senator yielded to
a motion to adjourn.
Wednesday, May 16, 1860.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I feel that it
is due to the Senate to express my sinccre thanks
for the courtesy they extended to mc yesterday,
in postponing the remainder of my remarks until
to-day, when it was evident that I was physically
exhausted. I fear that I shall be under the ne-
cessity of claiming the indulgence of the body also
for the desultory manner.in which I shall present
my views to-day, and possibly for my inability
to say all that I would like to have presented to
the Senate on this question. A recurrence of a
severe disease of tho throat, which I contracted
some years ago, in discussions in the open air in
vindication of tho principle of non-intervention
against the assaults of the Republican party, has
severely affected my voice and impaired my phys-
ical strength. However, I will proceed as best I
may, to conclude what I have to say upon the
question.
In the first place, I will answer some objections
that have been made to my course, and some of
the evidences that have been adduced to convict
me of having given a wrong construction to the
Kansas-Nebraska bill. The first one is the action
of the Senate, my own vote included, upon what
was known as the Chase amendment to the Kan-
sas-Ncbraska act, at the time of its passage. It
will be recollected that after the Senate had adopted
the provision in the fourteenth section of the bill,
which declared the true intent and meaning of the
act to be " not to legislate slavery into any State
or Territory, nor to exclude it therefrom, but to
leave the people thereof perfectly free to form and
regulate their domestic institutions in their own
way, subject only to the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States," Mr. Chase, of Ohio, offered the fol-
lowing additional amendment, to insert the words:
" Under winch the people of tho Territory, through their
appropriate representatives, may, if they see fit, prohibit
the existence of slavery therein."
It will be observed that that amendment was
precisely the same in its legal effect as the one
which Mr. Chase submitted to the compromise
measures of 1850, by which the people of a Ter-
ritory should have the power to prohibit slavery
but not the power to introduce and protect it. The
amendment which he offered to the Kansas-Ne-
braska bill was intended to have precisely the
same effect, and was the counterpart of the prop-
osition of the Senator from Mississippi, offered as
an amendment to the compromise measures of
1850, that the Territorial Legislature should have
the power to protect, but not to exclude or pro-
hibit slavery. When this amendment was offered
by Mr. Chase it stood in the position of on amend-
ment to an amendment. The record shows that
Mr. Pratt, ^Maryland, appealed to Governor
Chase to accept an additional amendment, by in-
serting the words "or introduce" after the word
s< prohibit," so that it would read that the people
of a Territory nnghtprohibit or introduce slavery.
Governor Chase's amendment being an amend-
ment to an amendment, the proposition of Mr.
Pra.it was out of order. Mr. Seward, of New
York, made the point of order, which was sus-
tained by the Chair, and consequently Governor
Chase having refused to accepttho wqrds " or in-
troduce," it was not in order to move the amend-
ment. I will have an cxtract read from the speech
of Governor Pratt, ofMaryland, on thatoccasion,
showing what was the understanding at the time
of the onjeet of Mr. Chase's amendment.
Mr. PUGH read, as follows:
"Mr. fit att said * Mr. President, the principle which: the
Senator from Ohio adopts as the principle of his amend-
ment is, that the question shall be left entirely and exclu-
sivelv to the people, whether they will prohibit slavery or
not. " Now, for the puipose of te-tmg the sincerity of the
Senator, and lor the puipose of deducing the principle of his
amendment correctly. I propose to amend it by inserting
aftei the word ' prohibit7 the words ' ornuroduccso that,
if my amendment be adopted, and the amendment of tho
Senator from Ohio, as so amended, be introduced as part of
the bill, the piineiple which he saj she desires to have tested
will be insetted in tho bill—that the people oftheTemtories
shall have power to prohibit oi introduce slavery as they
may sec piopcr. I suppose the question will he taken on
the amendment which I offer to the amendment."
Mr. DOUGLAS. As I remarked, Mr. Sew-
ard, of New York, objected to Governor Pratt's
s/
