2698
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
Lansing Stout.
Mr. HUGHES. I think Mr. Stout is in very-
delicate health, indeed. [Laughter.] I move that
he be excused.
Mr. BOULIGNY. Oh ! this is a farce—a per-
fect farce. [Laughter.]
Mr. HUGHES.' I am afraid there is an epi-
demic prevailing here among members of the
House.
Mr. BOULIGNY. The idea of Mr. Stout
being in bad health ! [Laughter.]
Mr. HUGHES. Mr. Stout is in very deli-
cate health, indeed. [Laughter.]
The question was taken; and Mr. Stout was
not excused.
Mason W. Tappan. No excusc offered.
Miles Taylor. No excuse offered.
Eli Thayer. No excuse offered.
Thomas C. Theaker. No excuse offered.
Carey A. Trimble. No excuse offered.
Zebulon B. Vance. No excuse offered.
William Vandever.
Mr. CURTIS. I move that my colleague [Mr.
Vandever] may be excused on the ground of the
sickness of one of his children.
The motion was agreed to.
Edward Wade. No excuse offered.
Henry Waldron. No excuse offered.
E. P, Walton.
Mr. MORRILL. My colleague, [Mr. Wal-
ton,] although one of the most industrious mem-
bers of this House, is an invalid, and is scarcely
able to attend the regular sessions of the House.
He remained here till within the last few hours;
and then, at my solicitation, as I suppose, went
home.
Mr. BOULIGNY. That is no reason. I ob-
ject. No member has a right to leave the House
at the solicitation of any one. If the gentleman
[Mr Morrill] advised his colleague to leave,
he is responsible.
Mr. HINDMAN. I move that the gentleman
from Vermont [Mr. Walton] be excused; not
because he left the House on his colleague's so-
licitation, but on account of ill health.
The motion was agreed to.
Cadwalader C. Washburn. No excuse of-
fered.
Ellihu 33. Washburne. No excuse offered.
Israel Washburn. No excuse offered.
Edwin H. Webster. No excuse offered.
William G. Whiteley. No excuse offered.
James Wilson. No excusc offered.
William Windom. No excuse offered.
Warren Winslow. No excuse offered.
John Woodruff.
Mr. FRANK. Mr. Woodruff's family isun-
well, and has been for a week. I move that he
be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Samuel H. Woodson. No excuse offered.
John V. Wright. No excuse offered.
Mr. LOVEJOY I move that the names of
those who answered to their names at the first
call be reported. Some of these gentlemen, after
answering to their names, left the Hall before the
doors were closed; and I think they should be
added to the list of absentees, and sent for.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The motion is
not in order. These names could only be callcd
by suspending the call, and commencing denovo.
Mr. BOULIGNY. I wish to make one or two
remarks. This proceeding seems to me to be a
perfect farce. I do not know how it looks to
• others. Here are gentlemen who, having an-
swered to their names, slipped out and went away.
It seems that the rules of the House are not en-
forced. I will move that a warrant be issued for
every member of the House now absent who has
not been excused, and that when found, they be
made to pay fine and fees; and if that be not
enough, they should be imprisoned for contempt
of the House.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair,
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The rule on the
subject is as follows:
" Upon the call of the House, the names of th*1 members
shall be called over by the Clerk,.and the absentees noted;
after which the names of the absentees shall again be called
over; the doors shail then be shut, and those tor whom no
excuse or insufficient excuses are made may. by order of
those present, if fifteen in number, be taken into custody
as they appear, or may be sent for and taken into custody,
wherever to be found, by special messengers to be appointed
for that purpose."
Mr. LOVEJOY. I withdraw the appeal.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. Before the motion
was submitted, I ought to have made the same
apology for my colleague, [Mr. Jenkins,] which
I made on the first call: that he is confined at
home sick. I move that he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. NELSON. 1 rise for the purpose of mov-
ing, after having staid here till half an hour past
midnight, that this House do now adjourn. I
make that motion.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Will the Chair state to
the House whatwould be the result if wo were to
adjourn now*
^The SPEAKER pro tempore. The call would
fall.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Can the call be sus-
pended, and the House take a recess?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It has been re-
peatedly decided that it cannot. Since the col-
loquy with Mr. Millson, the Chair has consulted
the Manual, and the point is laid down precisely.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Bouligny's mo-
tion, that a warrant be issued to the Sergeant-at-
Arms to take the absentees into custody; and it
was agreed to.
The SPEAKER pro tempore therefore issued
his warrant to the Sergeant-at-Arms.
Mr. HICKMAN. I understand that the call
of the House is virtually complete, so far as the
proceedings of the House arc concerned, prior to
the arrest. I see no objection now to calling over
the list of names of the persons who have an-
swered, for the purpose of ascertaining whether
any of them have left. I therefore move that the
list of names of those who have answered be now
called, that the House may see whether they are
still present. The Speaker will see that that mo-
tion will not interfere at all with the present call.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is of
opinion that it cannot be done without unanimous
consent. It would be virtually a new call.
Mr. MAYNARD. That is irregular, and I
will object to it. I move that the House do now
adjourn; and on that motion I call for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. HICKMAN. I take an appeal from the
decision of the Chair, as I feel pretty well satis-
fied myself that the decision is not sound.
Mr. HINDMAN. Before that question is de-
cided, I would like to inquire whether the Ser-
geartt-at-Arms will have a posse comitates for exe-
cuting the warrant of the House. I trust the
Sergeant-at-Arms will have a sufficient force pro-
vided for him to arrest all the parties that are
absent and to biing them before the House.
Mr. HICKMAN. The; Chair understands that
I took an appeal from the decision of the Chair.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The usage in
calls of the House has been established from the
first session of the First Congress. If you have
the roll callcd again for the purpose of sending for
other absentees, it is virtually a new call; and the
Chair, therefore, decides that it cannot be done,
except by suspending further proceedings under
the call and ordering a new call. In the last Con-
gress the same course was resorted to for the pur-
pose of getting back absentees. From that de-
cision tho gentleman from Pennsylvania appeals.
The question is, Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the House?
Mr.HINDMAN. Before that question is put,
if the decision of the Chair is overruled, and the
appeal be sustained, I wish to know if it will vitiate
the warrants which have been already given?
Mr. MAYNARD. I will relieve the Chair
from any difficulty on that subject by withdraw-
ing my objection.
The roll of members marked as present was
then callcd, and the following gentlemen failed to
answer to their names.
Messrs. Adrain, Horace F. Clark, H. Winter Davis,
Daws, Edgerton, Gurley, DeWittC. Leach, Lee, Loomis,
Reynolds, and Sherman.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I move that a warrant
be issued for the arrest of such members as an-
swered at first, and ha^e not answered now.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will
suggest that some of the members may be in the
building, absent upon their parol of honor.
Mr. CURTIS. I move that Mr. Adkain be
excused; he was very unwell when he was here,
and stated that he was unable to remain longer.
Mr. HICKMAN. 1 desire to know what has
become of the motion of my colleague that a,war-
rant be issued for the members who have failed
to answer to their names on this last call?
Mr. HUMPHREY (at twelve o'clock and
forty-five minutes, a. m.) moved that the House
adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr.^MAYNARD. We have been imposing
penalties upon the absentees; and I nowpropose,
as a reward or compensation for those who have
been faithful in their attendance here, that they
now have leave of absence for the remainder of
this session of the House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That would
amount to dispensing with all further proceedings
in the call. Does the gentleman from Tennessee
make that motion?
Mr. MAYNARD. No, sir; I will not make
the motion at this time.
Mr. HARDEMAN. Would it be in orderfor
me to ask leave of absence for a little while?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It would.
Mr. HARDEMAN. Well, sir, I should like
leave of absence until to-morrow at eleven o 'clock.
[Laughter.]
Mr. BUFFINTON. That is not a little while.
TheSPEAKERpro tempore. The Chair hardly
thinks he can grant the gentleman leave of ab-
sence for that length of time.
Mr. BUFFINTON. I would like to have the
House excuse me from further attendance this
morning. I have now been here for fifteen hours
and three quarters.
Mr. HICKMAN. We have all been here fif-
teen hours and three quarters. I have been here
sincc nine o'clock yesterday morning.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will
state that, inasmuch t>s there isnobusinessbefore
the House, the motion of the gentleman from
Massachusetts to be excused is in order.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I suggest that, in-
asmuch as there is no quorum present, I do not
think it is competent for the House to transact
any business, such as excusing a member from
attendance.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will
state that the rule upon this subject was adopted
in the first session of the First Congress, and
that the practice has been uniform under it ever
since.
Air. Buffinton was not excused.
Mr. FRANK. It is very evident that we shall
not have a quorum present for two or three hours;
and, in the mean time, I propose that my colleague
[Mr. McKean] have leave to go on and finish his
speech.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I object.
Mr. VERREE. I desire to suggest that the
gentleman from North Carolina, who is so great
a stickler for the rules of the House, is now in
violation of the rules, by smoking in the House.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I am not
smoking.
Mr. ALDRICH. I desire to appeal to the gen-
tleman from' North Carolina, who is the tallest
man in the House, and is a good-looking man 
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I call the
gentleman to order.
Mr. ALDRICH. I say, I desire to ask the
gentleman from North Carolina, who is the tall-
est man in the House, as well as a good-looking
man, whether he has none of the milk of human
kindness in the deep recesses of his bosom?
[Laughter.]
Mr. HARDEMAN. I rise to a question of
order. It is not in order to make personal reflec-
tions.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair sup-
poses that point of order will not be pressed.
t Mr. BRIGGS. I wish to make this proposi-
tion to the gentleman from North Carolina and
the House, and I hope no one will object to it:
that the gentleman from New York have leave
to print his speech, and that the House then
adjourn.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Thatcan be done
by unanimous consent.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina, (in his seat.)
I object.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will
state that he cannot recognize any objection un-
