I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
311
36th Gong.... 1st Sess.
Property in Territories—Mr. Douglas.,,
Senate.
istcd. I believed the power existed; others be-
lieved otherwise; we agreed to differ; we agreed
to refer it to the judiciary; we agreed to abide by
their decision; and I, true to my agreement,
referred my colleague to the courts to find out
whether the power existed or not. The fact that
X referred him to the courts has been cited as evi-
dence that I did not think individually that the
power existed in a Territorial Legislature. After
the evidences I produced yesterday, and the de-
bate, just read upon the Trumbull amendment,
no man who was an actor in those scenes has an
excuse to be at a loss as to what my opinion was.
But it was not my opinion that was to govern; it
was the opin ion of the court on the question arising
under a territorial law after the Territory should
have passed a law upon the subject. Bear in
mind that the report introducing the bill was, that
these questions touching the right of property in
slaves were referred to the local courts, to the
territorial courts, with a right of appeal to the
Supreme Court of the United States. When that
case shall arise, and the court shall pronounce its
judgment, it will be binding on me, on you, sir,
and on every good citizen. It must be carried
out in good faith; and all the power of this Gov-
ernment—the Army, the Navy, and the militia—
all that we have—must be exerted to carry the
decision into effect in good faith, if there be resist-
ance. Do not bring the question back here for
Congress to review the decision of the court, nor
for Congress to explain the decision of the court.
The corn t is competent to construe its own decis-
ions, and issue its own decrees to carry its decis-
ions into effect.
"We are told that the court has already decided
the'questian. If so, there is an end of the con-
troversy. You agreed to abide by it; I did. If
it has decided it, let the decision go into effect;
there is an end of it; what are wc quarreling
about? Will resolutions of the Senate give any
additional authority to the decision of the Su-
preme Court of the United States? Does it need
an indorsement by the Charleston convention to
sivc it validity? If thedecision is made, it is the
law of the land, and wc arc all bound by it. If
the decision is not made, then what right have
you to pass resolutions here prejudging the ques-
tioaywith a view to influencing the views of the
court? If there is a dispute as to the true inter-
pretation and meaning of the decision of the court,
who can settle the true construction except the
court itself, when it arises in another case? Can
you determine by resolutions here what the de-
cision of the court is, or what it ought to be, or
what itwill be? ltbelongs to that tribunal. The
Constitution has wisely separated the political
from the judicial department of the Government
The Constitution has wisely made the courts a
coordinate branch of the Government; as inde-
pendent of us as we aie of them. Sir, you have
no right to instruct that court how they shall de-
cide this question in dispute. You have no right
to define their decision for them. When that de-
cision is made, they will issue the proper process
for carrying it into effect; and the Executive is
clothed with the Army, the Navy, and the mili-
tia, the whole power of the Government, to ex-
ecute that decree. All I ask, therefore, of you is
non-intervention; hands off. In the language of
the Georgia resolutions, let the subject be ban-
ished forever from the Halls of Congress or the
political arena, and referred to the Territories,
with a right of appeal to the courts; and there is
an end to the controversy.
Having shown conclusively what the under-
standing of Congress was upon this question of
the compromise measures of 1850, and the Kan-
sas-Nebraska bill, I will proceed now to show
Iiow the President of the United States who signed
the bill understood it. I will ask to have read an
extract from the message of Piesident Pieice of
December, 1855.
Mr. PUGH read', as follows:
"The scope and effect of the language of repeal were not
left in doubt. It was declared, in terms, to be ; the true in-
tent and meaning of this act not to legislate slavery into
any Teriitory or State, or to exclude it therefrom, but to
leave the people thereof peifectly free to form and regulate
their domestic institutions in their own way, subject only
to the Constitution ot tbe United States.J
"The measure could not be withstood upon its merits
alone. It was attacked with violence,on the false ordelu-
sive pretext that it constituted a breach of faith. Never was
objectionmoreutterlydestitute of substantial justification.
When, before, was it imagined by sensible men, that a regu-
lative or declarative statute, whether enacted ten or forty
years ago, is irrepealable; that an act of Congress is above
the Constitution ? If, indeed, there were in the facts any
cause to impute bad faith,ltwould attach to those only who
have never ceased, from the time of the enactment of the
restrictive provision to the present day, to denounce and
condemn if, who have constantly refused to complete it
by needful supplementary legislation; who have spared no
exertion to deprive it of moral (oree ; who have themselves,
again and ag.iin, attempted its repeal by the enactment of
incompatible provisions; and who, by the inevitable reac-
tionary effcct of their own violence on the subject, awa-
kened the country to perception of the true constitutional
principle of leaving the matter involved to the discretion of
the people of the respective existing or incipient States."
" It is not pretended that this principle, or any other, pre-
cludes the possibility of evils in practice, disturbed as po-
litical action is liable to be by human passions. No form
of government is exempt from inconvcniences; but in this
case they are the result of the abuse, and not of the legiti-
mate exercise, of the powers reserved or conferred in the
organization of a Territory. They are not to be charged to
the great principle of popular sovereignly ; on the contrary,
they disappear before the intelligence and patriotism of the
people, exerting through the ballot-box their peaceful and
silent but irresistible power."
Mr. DOUGLAS. There you will find that Pres-
ident Pierce, who signed the Kansas-Nebraska
act, speaks of it as adopting the great principle of
" popular sovereignty" in the States, and also in
the Ci incipient" States. What did he mean by
the word "incipient" States? Not the States
that were then in the Union. He unquestionably
referred to the Territories as "incipient States,"
and, as such, were entitled to the benefits of the
principles of self-government in respect to their
domestic concerns. Hence you find the word
"incipient" States, and the words " popular sov-
ereignty," as embracing the rights of the people
in those incipient States, or Territories, as we are
in the habit of designating them.
Here I must be permitted to comment upon a
remark of the Senator from Mississippi, in his
arraignment of this doctrine of non-interven-
tion, which lie chose to call squatter sovereignty.
He said that this doctrine had its first trial on
the plains of Kansas; that it bore its first fruits
on the plains of Kansas; and he described its le-
gitimate fruits as resulting in anarchy, violence,
bloodshed,and every imaginable evil. President
Pierce, in this message, says that those acts were
abuses of the principle of popular sovereignty, in
violation of the principle of the act; and that the
principle itself is by no means responsible for those
abuses. I answer that allegation of the Senator
from Mississippi by the authority of his own chief,
the President of the United States, under whom
he held the high and distinguished office of Sec-
retary of War. Nor is it improper here for me
to express my amazement that the Senator from
Mississippi would cite the abuses, the acts of vio-
lence, and of fraud, that occurred in violation of
this principle under the Administration of which
he was a ruling spirit, as evidences that the prin-
ciple that brought that Administration into exist-
ence was a vicious and dangerous principle. I
had supposed that the Senator from Mississippi
had given in his adhesion to this doctrine of non-
intervention. I had supposed that he looked! with
pleasureupon the passage of the Kansas-Nebraska
act. I had supposed that he considered that as a
great measure of relief to the southern States of
this Union, and that he would have been the first
to defend it, as in duty bound, having held office
under the Administration that glories in the pas-
sage of the act. Now we find he takes pleasure
in citing those very abuses in justification of his
course when he fought the principle, and as a
verification of what he told us before the south-
ern States agreed to acquiesce m the principle. I
was not prepared to hear this from the gentleman
from Mississippi.
Mr. DAVIS. You do not pretend to quote it?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not pretend t'o quote
the language. I pretend only to say that, in sub-
stance, he did declare that this principle had its
first trial on the plains of Kansas, and bore its
first fruits upon the plains of Kansas; that it was
accompanied with unmitigated and untold evils,
and produced all sorts of mischief; and the infer-
ence was that these results justified him in his
original opposition to the principle.
I now pass to the next chapter in the history
of this principle of non-intervention, which you
will find in the proceedings of the national conven-
tion, held at Cincinnati, in 185$. Youall remem-
ber that Alabama sent her delegates to Cincinnati,
demanding that the usages of the party should be
reversed, and that a platform should be first made,.
and then furnishing the ultimatum which, if not
acceded to, must be the cause for an instant with-
drawal of the Alabama delegates from that conven-
tion. That ultimatum was, that the convention,
in its platform, should recognize the principle of
non-intervention by Congress with slavery in the
Territories. The convention yielded to tnc Ala-
bama ultimatum. The convention incorporated
that principle into the platform in language so
explicit that no one can misunderstand it. lask
to nave so much of the Cincinnati platform read
as announced this doctrine of non-intervention.
Mr, PUGH read, as follows:
"The American Democracy recognizc and adopt the
.principles contained in the organic laws establishing the
Territories of Kansas and Nebraska, as embodying the only
sound and safe solution of the Slavery question,' upon
which the great national idea of the people of this whole
counfiy can repose in its determined conservatism of the
Union—non-intfrference by Congress with slavery
in the State and Territory, or in the District of
Columbia.
" That this was the basis of the compromise of 1850,
confirmed by both the Democratic and Whig parties in
national convention, ratified by the people in the election
of 1852, and rightly applied to the organization of Terri-
tories in 1854.
"That by the uniform application of this Democratic
principle to the organization of Territories, and to the ad-
mission of new States, with or without domestic slavery,
as they may elect; the equal rights of all the States will be
preserved intact; the original compacts of the Constitution
maintained inviolate; and the peipetuity and expansion of
this Union insured to its utmost capacity of embracing, in
peace and harmony, every future State that may be consti-
tuted or annexed, with a republican form of government."
Mr. DOUGLAS. There it will be found jthat
the Democratic party affirmed, at Cincinnati, in
language too explicit to admit of any possible
misconstruction, the doctrine of non-intervention
by Congress with slavery in the States or Terri-
tories, or in the District of Columbia. I only
call attention to it now so far as relates to non-
intervention in the Territories. The platform also
declared that the same principle of non-interven-
tion was affirmed by both parties at Baltimore,in
1852; showing that the Democratic party under-
stood in 1856 that the convention which nom-
inated General Pierce—upon which nomination
General Picrcc was elected President—did affirm
this doctrine of non-intervention. It declared that
both parties (Whig and Democratic) had affirmed
the doctrine. It declared, also, that this princi-
ple was correctly applied in the Kansas-Nebraska
bill; and that it was the great conservative prin-
ciple upon which alone the peace and perpetuity
of this Union could be sustained.
I wish it also to be borne in mind that the plat-
form of principles was declared at Cincinnati
unanimously, the vote being taken by States, and
every delegation, from every State in the Union,
was unanimous in its vote in favor of the princi-
ple. There was no one man in Mississippi then
protesting against it; no one man in Alabama pro-
testing against it; no one man in South Carolina
protesting against it; none m Georgia; none in
any southern State of this Union. Are we now
to be told that a platform adopted by the unani-
mous \ote of every delegation, from every State
in the Union, in 1856, is so unsound and so rotten
four years after, as to justify the very States who
dictated it then in breaking up the party, because
we insist upon adhering to it now?
But, sir, not only did the party unanimously
affirm this doctrine in 1856, but your candidates
nominated at that time accepted the nomination
on that platform, with a construction which they
then put upon it for themselves. I will now
show you that they then put upon that platform
the identical construction which I have ever placed
upon it. I ask to have read an extract from the
letter of acceptance of Mr. Buchanan, on the I6th
of .Tune, 1856.
Mr. PUGH read, as follows:
" The agitation on the question of domestic slavery has
too long distracted and divided the people of this Union,
and alienated their affections from each other. This agita-
tion has assumed many forms since its commencement,
but it now seems to be directed chiefly to the Territories ;
and judging from its piesent character, I lb ink we may
safely anticipate that it is rapidly approaching' a finality.'
The recent legislation of Congress respecting domestic
slavery, derived, as it has been, irom the original and pure
fountain of legitimate political power, the will of the ma-
