1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1753
amount of nine thousand one hundred and twenty-
acres. That leaves sixty-three thousand eight hun-
dred and forty acres still to bfc dealt with. Then,
under the amendatory act of 1844, there were pat-
ented eighteen thousand five hundred and sixty
acres; and under the relief act of 1848, dispensing
with almost every condition, there were patented
forty-five thousand two hundred and eigh'v acres.
Here we see what a small proportion got patents
for nothing.
So much for the practical workings of such a
system. Then come provisions that are to be
found ill this bill, of which there is nothing—abso-
lutely nothing whatever—to be found in the House
bill. The House bill was but ail effort at relief
in a particular case. The bill now reported by
the Senate committee is a bill which designs to go
to the whole system, to make it all consistent and
all sympathetic. The Senate bill, in order to avail
itself of that feature which developed itself in the
Oregon and Florida cases, offers to the settlers
the right to pay the full price of the land, and to
perfect their title at any time during the five years.
That is a provision by which any one who be-
gins to settle under this bill may, if ho is not will-
ing to wait the whole five years, pay his money,
and have his title at once, or at any intermediate
period.
By section seven of the Senate bill, the pre-
emptors upon surveyed lands are to pay the full
price. To that, of course, there can be no objec-
tion; but.it also provides that they shall have a
credit of two years from the date of settlement, and
upon unsurveyed lands they shall have two years
to pay from the filing of the plats in the district
office. That section is one that was urged upon us
by the Government at the beginning of this Con-
gress, and was urged upon us, if I recollect aright,
at the beginning of the last session of Congress.
It is demanded by the Treasury and the public
interests. The report of the Secretary of the In-
terior, which I have before me, is so clear and so
satisfactory that any one who will read it can
have no question that this provision ought to be
made, and that its effect will be to enable the peo-
ple to get possession of the lands, and to allow
the full price of them—§1 25 an acre—to go into
the Treasury of the United States, which it does
not now do.
Section eight requires the President to order at
once into market all the public lands that have
been surveyed within two'years from the passage
of the act, and all those which are hereafter sur-
veyed within two years from the date of the sur-
vey. That is a provision which the Secretary of
the Interior and the Commissioner of the General
Land Office seem to have very greatly desired in
their annual reports, and really their views are so
conclusive that if it were not for fear of boring
those who are now listening to me, and who feel
some interest in this subject, I should desire to
read them. They present a most extraordinary
case. There are sixty million acres of land now
surveyed, and not brought into market at all.
They are not brought into market, not from any
impression of the Executive that they will do bet-
ter hereafter, or sell for a better price; but in point
of fact, they are not brought into market, although
the Executive knows that each year and each day
must lessen the number of acres that can be sub-
jected to public sale at the highest remunerative
price, they are not brought into market for the sim-
ple reason, that whenever he offers for sale large
masses of land in the Northwest, the people who
have gone on them before they wore surveyed and
since they wore surveyed, and have made their
declarations of intention to become preemptors,
are compelled, at or before the day of sale, to
come forward and pay for the lands; and this has
lasted from 1856 to the present time, and all the
money that would have gone into the Treasury
has necessarily been kept out. The lands are
there, and arc not put up at public sale. They
are subject only to pillage; they are subject only
to selection, taking out the choice tracts. They
are subject only to such damage as can be done,
and such tests as can determine their value, and
where a settlerfinds himself not suited, heabandons
the land without paving for it. t
Now, the Interior Department says, and so does
the Commissioner of the General Land Office, that
Congress should take hold of this subject.. As
things now stand, the moment the President or-
ders lands to be sold, those who have not the
money to pay for them cry out loudly. The cry
is taken up and repeated throughout the country
that they are being sacrificed by the Government;
that they are sold out and turned out for the ben-
efit of speculators; that their wives and their chil-
dren are subjected to this destiny; and there is
scarcely an Executive on earth that could consent
to say these lands shall be sold for the sake of
getting the few dollars that will come to the Treas-
ury of a country which is strong and rich. That
is the actual fact. Great bodies of the public lands
have stood for years and years in this condition;
and if you wait forty years longer, you will find a
great many settlers who are not ready to pay that
which the law requires they shall pay, and which
they must pay, if the lands are once offered at
public sale. This provision is inserted here be-
cause the Land Office earnestly appeals for relief;
because the lands are accumulating on their hands;
because the officers cannot go on to sell them; be-
cause the Treasury, that has a claim to the pro-
ceeds that would come from them, is receiving
nothing; because the revenue from the public lands
is now falling off, and has steadily fallen off. It
has fallen off because that legislation is not afforded
which will force forward a system that has found
a point at which it comes in contact with the dis-
tresses of the people, who are not forearmed by
being forewarned. Forewarn them. Say that the
Executive shall no longer have a discretion in this
matter; that he who settles on unsurveyed lands
shall have two years from the time the plats are
filed in the district land office; that he who settles
on surveyed and unoffered land shall have two
years from the date of his settlement; and then say
that the Executive shall put the lands in market
within two years from the time the plats are filed
in the Land Office, and you will have a complete
system that will cause the lands to go forward to
sale; and the people forewarned will be forearmed,
and be able to come forward and redeem their set-
tlements and pay the price; and if they do not,
under these circumstances, we can but come to the
conclusion that they are of that isolated class of
instances that must, in the wisest and most benefi-
cent Government, be subject to be trampled upon,
and to suffer beneath its just and well-intended
laws.
These two sections are of the very highest im-
portance to the whole land system. They are
earnestly demanded; and yet, if we adopt them,
we extend to these parties the relief of giving them
two years within which to pay up, to get then-
money together, and to save their improvements.
The ninth section of the bill punishes perjury
under its provisions.
The tenth section provides that the settler, un-
der the five years' provision in this bill, may at
any time he chooses perfect his title by coming
forward and paying up the whole price. That I
have already commented upon.
Section eleven—the last section of the bill—is
one upon which I shall have but vflry few words
to say. It is one which will, I presume, more
particularly attract the attention of the Senator
from Texas, [Mr. Wigfall.] It was suggested
by the amendment which he introduced. It will
be perceived at once that this bill contains points
taken from almost every proposition that has been
before the Senate on this subject, the attempt hav-
ing been to get the soundest bill we could get from
the collected wisdom of all those who had giyen
their thoughts to the subject. This last section
was incorporatedinto itin consequence of thesub-
stitute offered by the Senator from Texas, which
provided for a cession of the public lands to the
States in which they lie.
This section of the bill provides that, whenever
the public lands in any State shall have been thirty
years in market, and shall thus have reached the
lowest price, which is twelve and a half cents per
acre, and then shall have remained five years
longer in market, subject to sale at twelve and a
half cents, and shall still be unsold, it shall then
be deemed unnecessary for the Government of the
United States to keep such lands any longer; but
we shall then have reached a point at which we
shall close up the system within those States; and
at the end of that time—thirty-five years—the
lands unsold shall be ceded to the States in which
they lie. I presume every member of the Senate
is familiar with the fact that this is a consumma-
tion which has been most devoutly desired by all
State-rights men. Its policy is to relieve the States
of the ownership of land within their limits by a
Government in some measure foreign to them—
the Government of the United States—to relieve
the States from the foreign ownership of lands
inside their own limits, on which they can impose
no taxes, and when it is perhaps With difficulty
that they can regulate the character of the citizen-
ship that they are compelled to receive. Thi 
commended itself to us, and was adopted by the
committee in considering all these projects, with
this thought, that whenever lands had been sur-
veyed ana are inside of a Stjite, which necessarily
involves a fixed, settled community, and a very
considerable number of people; arid whenever the
lands have been in market for thirty years, and
have been reduced to twelve and a half cents an
acrc, and have stood at that five years longer, and
no one will give twelve and a half cents for them,
the Government has property of no value, and it
ought to be ceded at once to the States.
That, I know, does not go half far enough to
suit many. Many wanted the lands ceded when
they came to twenty-five cents an acre. Many
said they ought to be ceded to the States without
regard to their value; that the United States ought
to hold no lands within the limits of the States.
There was a variety of views. The committee
present simply the mildest proposition; one which
is the most rational, the most entirely reasonable
if presented to the consideration of a proprietor,
and that is, that when his property has proved
to be without value, he will give it to those who
can perhaps make some use of it.
1 have now stated the substance of the bill; and
in conclusion, I may express the hope thatitwiH
not be materially altered. For one, I can sup-
port the bill as it is now reported; and I believe
there are a number of others who can. Those
who want to pass any bill at all should recollect
that, if they propose to pass a different and more
favorable bill, a bill more favorable to foreigners,
to the actual settlers that are on the public lands,
and to the people who are emigrants from the old
States to-the West, it is exceedingly doubtful
whether they can obtain the sanction of the Ex-
ecutive to such a bill. I do not speak by author-
ity; but I doubt exceedingly whether they can
consummate a bill more liberal than this. 1 think
this will steer clear of that difficulty. 1 know it
is not strictl>.legitimate to allude to anything of
that kind; but it is not to be denied to ourselves
that we cannot pass a measure in which we are
honest and sincere, without looking to all the cir-
cumstances, and determining in our own minds
that there is a rational hope that it will become a
law.
Satisfy me that that which I advocate here is
hopeless and cannot pass; satisfy me that I am
presenting and pressing a measure which, how-
ever good and righteous within itself, however
benevolent and desirable in itself, cannot, on ac-
count of something which I know and see, become
a law; I feel within myself, and I presume the
Senate feels, that I am consuming time in a futile
task; I am taxing the patience and efforts of others;
I am trespassing on the time which is allotted to
the public interests, and is required here for the
transaction of public business. Above all, sat-
isfy me that I am making an effort of this char-
acter, kindly to so many people, and that it cannot
pass because it asks too much, and I should feel
disposed to restrict it in such a manner as to se-
cure its passage. If I were pressing a measure
which I knew must fail, it would look to me
as if my efforts were false and demagoguing.
That is the feeling with which I look at this mat-
ter. That is the ground upon which I act. It is
upon that ground, in all sincerity, that I ardently
and earnestly ask and insist that those who may
favor the measure will vote for it, and concede
all they can; and that they will not change the
character and direction of the measure; that they
will not change this bill; and that they will now
support this bill, which establishes a precedent
which is rational within itself, which is deficient
only in the quantity and in the amount which it
gives. That can be remedied hereafter, if it shall
truly and justly deserve to be remedied at the
hands of the American Congress.
Mr. GWIN. Mr. President ■
Mr. YULEE. Before the Senator proceeds,
will he give way in order that a message from the
President of the United States, which is now lying
on the table, may be read?
