312
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 16,
36th Cong....1st Siss.
Property in Territories—Mr. Douglas.
Senate.
jority, promises ere long to allay the dangerous cxcitement.
This legislation is founded upon principles as ancient as
free government itself; and in accordance with them has
simply declared that the people of a Territory, like thee of
a State, shall decide for themselves whether slavery shall
or shall not exist within their limits."
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. Buchanan not only ac-
cepted the Cincinnati platform, but he was kind
enough to tell the people of the United States what
it meant, and that it meant that the people of a
Territory, like those of a State, should decide for
themselves whether slavery should or should not
exist within their limits. There is nothing equiv-
ocal in this language. It is squatter sovereignty
in its broadest sense, as the Senator from Missis-
sippi uses that term. The people of a Territory,
like those of a State, shall decide for themselves
whether slavery shall exist or not. Mr. Bu-
chanan told the people that slavery could not ex-
ist in a Territory unless the people of a Territory
said so; it should exist if they said so, and not
otherwise. Mr. Buchanan was elected on that
construction of the platform. I do not ask that
you shall now give it that construction. I only
ask that you readopt the platform, and let it con-
strue itself. But Mr. Buchanan was perfectly
sound on that platform in 1856, with a construc-
tion identical with that which is now denounced
as a heresy. The distinguished gentleman who
was nominated and elected Vice President on the
same ticket with Mr. Buchanan, understood the
platform in the same way that Mr. Buchanan
uid. Afier his nomination at Cincinnati, he re-
turned to his home in Lexington, and his neigh-
bors assembled, as might have been expected,
where they had such devotion to their distin-
guished fellow-citizen, and congratulated him on
nis*good fortune in receiving the nomination, and
Mr. Breckinridge, in reply to that congratulation,
made them a speech, which was published at the
time, from which I will present an extract, show-
ing you how he understood the Kansas-Nebraska
bill and the Cincinnati platform.
Mr. PUGH read, as follows:
" Upon the distracting question of domestic slavery, their
position is clear. The whole power of the Demonatic
organization is pledged to the fbjiowmc propositions* that
Congress shall not inteivone upon this subject in the State*?,
in the Territories, or in the District ot Columbia ; that the
people of each Territory Khali determine the question for
themselves, and be admitted into the Union upon a footing
of perfect equality with the oncinal States, without dis-
crimination on account of the allowance or prohibition of
slavery."
Mr. DOUGLAS. It seems that the Demo-
cratic party, in its whole organization, was pledged
to the proposition of non-intervention by Con-
gress, and referring the question to the people of
the Territories. That is the way I understand it.
I stand upon that platform now. I have great
difficulty with my political friends in harmonizing
upon platforms, and have tendered them various
propositions. I have tendered them the Florida
platform of 1847, and they would not take it; the
Georgia platform of 1854, and they would not
take it; the Alabama ultimatum of 1856, and they
would not take it. I tender them now Mr. Buch-
anan's letter of acceptance in 1856; let it construe
itself, and see if we cannot harmonize on that; or
I tender Mr. Breckinridge's speech of accept-
ance in Lexington, in 1856, and let it construe
itself. I will not dot an i or cross a t. Gentlemen,
will you take your own language when you ac-
cepted and construed the platform? I am willing
to be accommodating. I do not insist on a plat-
form from my speeches or my writings. I can
pick one up nil over the Senate, all over the coun-
try, from the speeches and writings of those who
now arraign me as not being sound on the slavery
question. [Applause in the galleries.]
Even after the election in 1856, the same prin-
ciple was emphatically announced and affirmed;
for in Mr. Buchanan's inaugural address, he de-
clared:
"We have iccently passed tinon^h a presidential con-
tent, m winch the puwous of our tellow-citizcns were ex-
cited to thv; highest degree by que tions of drop and vital
importance; but when the people proclaimed their will, the
tempest at once subsided, and all was ealm.
•'The voice o!'the majority, speaking m the manner
prescribed by the Constitution, wa-> heard, and instant sub-
mission followed. Our own countiy could alone have ex-
hibited bo grand and striking a spectacle of the capacity of
man for telf-governmcnt.
" What a happy conception, then, was it for Congress to
apply this simple rule—that the will of the majority shall
govern—to the settlement of the question of domestic sla-
very in the Territories I Congress is neither 'to legislate
slavery into any Territory or State, nor to exclude it there-
from ; but to leave the people thereof perfectly free to form
and regulate their domestic institutions in their own way,
subject only to the Constitution of the United States.5 As
a natural consequence, Congress has also prescribed that,
when the Territory of Kansas shall be admitted as a State,
it'shall be received into the Union, with or without sla-
very, as their constitution may prescribe at the time of their
admission.'
" A difference of opinion has arisen m regard to the point
of time when the people of a Territory shall decide this
question for themselves. Thi3 is happily a matter of but
little practical importance.^
"What a happy conception," he says, " for
Congress to apply this simple rule—that the will
of a majority shall govern—to the settlement of
the question of domestic slavery in the Territo-
ries!" And, havingapphed it to the Territories,
he says, that, "as a natural consequence, Con-
gress has proscribed that when the Territory of
Kansas shall be admitted as a State, it shall be
received into the Union, with or without slavery,
as their constitution may prescribe at the time of
their admission!" So it seems that the right of
the people to decide the slavery question at the
time of admission was "a natural consequence "
of the right of the people to decide the same ques-
tion in their territorial condition. "The point of
time" when the people of a Territory should
decide the slavery question was deemed of "but
little practical importance " by Mr. Buchanan.
Yet the very point of time which was deemed of
little practical importance, is now urged by his
professed friends as sufficient for breaking: up the
Democratic party, and endangering the existence
of the Union 1
I speak of these things with entire respect. I
do not bring them up for the purpose of condem-
nation, or to place any man m a false position.
If these gentlemen stand now where they did m
1856, i am with them. If they do not, the ques-
tion arises, who has changed? If they have
changed, I do not complain of them for it. If
they have had new light, if they have studied the
subject more maturely, and have honestly come
to the conclusion that they were then in error,
they were bound as honest men to change. But
if that be the case, I think I have the right to ask
that they will furnish me with those arguments
and reasons which induced the change m their
minds, in order that I may correct my errors too,
if indeed I am in error. 1 do not think there is
any wisdom in the declaration that you have never
changcd an opinion. Wliilc I claim a very con-
sistent record as a public man, I have often had
occasion to say that I have modified my opinions
on many questions, and take more pleasure in re-
tracting an error than in persevering in it. All I
ask is, if it be true that gentlemen have taken a
step in advance or a step backward, that they
will excuse me for not following them until they
convince me that they ought to have taken that
step.
The country has been informed that I was re-
moved from the post of chairman of the Commit-
tee on Territories, in 1858, because I uttered at
Freeport, Illinois, the identical sentiments con-
tained in the speeches and letters of acceptance of
Mr. Buchanan and Mr. Breckinridge in 1856. My
heresy consisted in uttering the same sentiment
then that the Senator from Mississippi bears tcs-
I timony that I held and uttered in 1850; that it has
i been shown that I uttered during the debate on the
| Kansas-Nebraska bill, in 3854, and in the debates
! of 1856, and which I was known to have held for
many years. I do not complain of my removal
from the committee. I acknowledge that, if it be
true that my opinions were so heretical, that I did
not fairly and honestly represent the sentiments of
j the Senate on these great questions, it was right to
\ displace me, and put a man there who did. 1 have
| no complaints to make. But when you displace me
! for that reason, do not charge that I have changed,
I when the fact is, that you have changed your own
I opinions. Yuu did eloct mc chairman of that com-
I mittce, in 1847, wuh a knowledge of my opinions.
! You reelected me each year for eleven years, by a
i unanimous vote in caucus, with a full knowledge
| of those opinions. At the end of eleven years,
| you removed me for holding the identical opinions
that I held when you hod unanimously selected
me. I do not complain of this; but I do think that
fairness requires that the facts should have been
stated truly; and you should have said,('We have
got tired of this doctrine of non-intervention; it
does not work to suit us; it has not yielded such
practical fruits on the plains of Kansas as we an-
ticipated ; we have concluded to abandon it all, and
go back to the old doctrine proclaimed by Yancey,
at Baltimore, in 1848, and rejected by the conven-
tion by an almost unanimous vote."
Now, sir, there is a difference of opinion, it
seems, on this question, between me and a ma-
jority of the Democratic Senators. I regret that
difference. It would have afforded mc sincere and
genuine satisfaction if I could have continued to
hold the same relations on this question that I
did foimerly. It was painful to me to find that
this difference of opinion had grown up, and that
they had determined to make this new test by
which my orthodoxy was to be questioned, and I
was to be branded as a heretic. While I regret-
ted that determination on the part of some politi-
cal friends here, I cannot recognize, and do not
now recognize, the right of a caucus of the Senate,
or of the House, to prescribe new tests for the
Democratic party. Senators are not chosen for
the purpose of making party platforms. That is
no part of their duty. Under our political system
there has growh up an organization known as a
national convention,composed of delegates elected
fresh from the people, to assemble once in four
years to establish a platform for the party and se-
lect its nominees. The Cincinnati platform was
the only authoritative exposition of Democratic
faith until the Charleston convention met. [ have
stood firmly, faithfully, by the Cincinnati plat-
form, and have looked confidently to the Charles-
ton convention to find it reaffirmed. You gen-
tlemen who differ with me agreed to appeal to
Charleston as the grand council that should de-
cide all differences of political opinion between
you and me. I agreed, also, tolook to the Charles-
ton convention as the representatives of the paity
assembled from every State m the Union; and af-
ter great deliberation, three days' debate in com-
mittee, and a very elaborate and able debate in
full convention, the party determined, by an over-
whelming majority, in favor of the readoption of
the Cincinnati platform.
I have told you all the time during the exist-
ence of these differences of opinion, that I wa#ln
favor of the Cincinnati platform without the dot-
ting of an i or the crossing of a t. The Charles-
ton convention affirmed the same platform. I am
no longer a heretic. I am no longer an outlaw
from the Democratic party. I am no longer a
rebel against the Democratic organization. The
Charleston convention repudiated this new test,
contained in the Senate caucus resolutions, by a
majority of twenty-seven, and affirmed the Cin-
cinnati platform in lieu of it. Then, so far as the
platform is concerned, I am sustained by the party
—the only authority on earth which, according
to Democratic usages, can determine the Demo-
cratic creed. The question now is, whether my
friend from Mississippi will again acquiesce in
the decisions of his party upon the platform
which they have adopted, or is he going to retire
from the party, bolt its nominations, break it up,
because the party has concluded not to change
from its position of 1856. Are my friends around
me here going to desert the party because the
party has not changed as suddenly as they have?
The country has often been told that I and my
friends in Illinois were not acting in harmony
with the Democratic organization. Wc have said,
in reply to that accusation, " We will appeal to the
national convention at Charleston and ascertain
who constitute the Democratic party in Illinois,
whether it be the regular organization that sus-
tains me, or the Federal officeholders that acted,
with the Republicans, against me." The Federal
officeholders sent their delegates to Charleston.
The regular Democratic organization, known as
the Douglas organization—the same organization
that retained me to the Senate; the same organiza-
tion that beat the Republicans and the Federal of-
ficeholders combined in 1858—sent their delegates
to Charleston, and the convention proceeded with
great deliberation and impartiality and integrity
to decide between them, and decided, by a unani-
mous vote, that the Federal officeholders of Illi-
nois do not belong to the Democratic party—
[laughter]—rejected them by a unanimous vote.
