734
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
stealth and indirection between the master and
slave; to aid or encourage what are termed under-
ground railroads, or other secret machinery, for
the violation of those local rights, is a violation
■of my own obligations, and should be frowned
upon by every loyal citizen. And by, if possible,
still more solemn obligations, am I bound not to
interfere with violence. There is no evil with
which God, in his anger, has ever visited this
earth, that will compare, in manifold horrors, with
servile insurrection; and for that reason, among
•others, do I pray that He, in his mercy, in His
own good time and way, will remove the evil of
slavery from all our borders; but the man who,
in the full possession of his mental faculties, goes
into a slave State, with force and strong hand, to
wrest the bondman from his master, and persists
in his effort to the sacrifice of human life—how-
ever unselfish his motives, however lofty his cour-
age, however Christianlike his fortitude—is guilty
of murder; and no one, not even the wife of his
bosom or the child of his old age, can demand,
upon any principle of human or Divine justice,
that the stern sentence with which the law visits
that crime should not be executed.
Nor do I believe it to be at present necessary
that Congress should endeavor, by prohibitory
legislation, to exclude the system from the Terri-
tories which we already possess. I have no doubt
of the power of Congress so to do; but it is often
neither necessary or expedient to exercise ac-
knowledged powers. I do not consider the Supreme
Court as having made a judicial decision upon this
subject. Its members have expressed a political
opinion, not called for by the case, which is en-
titled to the same respect as a similar opinion
uttered by an equal number of able, upright, and
teamed men in any other station would be, and
no more. The time may come when this power
of the Federal Legislature will again be called
mto requisition, as it so frequently was during
the sixty years which succeeded the formation of
the Government. At present, I see no necessity
ibr its exercise. The greater portion of our or-
ganized Territories is already secure against the
ingress of slavery. The organic acts which called
the remainder into political existence provide ex-
pressly that such of their territorial laws as shall
be disapproved by Congress shall become null
and void. Whenever a Territorial Legislature is
mad enough or venal enough to enact a slave code,
I would exercise the power thus conferred upon
Congress, and annihilate the iniquitous statute.
Tn every act for the organization of future Terri-
tories, I would incorporate the same clause, and
execute it in like manner, whenever a similar oc-
casion should arise. I would endeavor to restrain
that insane lust of dominion which is perpetually
seeking foreign acquisition and is fast. becoming
the bane of the Republic. I would elect a Pres-
ident of the old Republican faith, whose execu-
tive and judicial officers, everywhere, should be
governed, in the discharge of their dutics^by fidel-
ity to the Constitution and the laws, as steadily
construed and enforced for more than sixty years
after the formation of this Government. I would
enact a Homestead law, which, by the bestowal
of unbought titles to the soil, should invite the
laboring freemen of the United States to lay the
foundations of civilized society throughout all
our Territories, under the benign influences of
universal industry and all-pervading liberty; and
if my fellow-citizens of the slaveholding States
desired it, I would pledge the revenues of the
Government for the purchase of a region beyond
our present limits, wherein to colonize their sur-
plus servile population, afar from irritating con-
tact with another and a prouder race. And then,
sir, I would risk slavery extension!
In doing all this, 1 believe that I should not vio-
late any constitutional right of any man, or class
of men,in the Confederacy; I believe that I should
not prejudice the real interests of any part or sec-
tion of the country; 1 believe that I should be
doing that which is best for the present genera-
tion, and which will be best for the generations
that are to come after us. I should have no ap-
prehension of disunion, or rebellion, or civil con-
vulsion of any kind. I know that the people of
my section are true to the integrity of the Repub-
lic; and I believe that the people of all sections are.
The mutterings of treason, the gasconade of seces-
sion, the senseless bravado about disunion, do not
Come from the popular heart anywhere. They
fall, without due reflection perhaps, from the lips
of some honorable gentlemen who, in the excite-
ment of the moment, may mean what they say;
but, for the most part, they are the desperate re-
sort of the desperate politieiansof the Democratic
party. To meet such extravagance and folly with
sober argument would be to clothe them with a
dignity beyond their importance. The gentlemen
who utter these things profess an unwillingness
to wait for "overt acts." I do not doubt that they
will be found just as unwilling to commit " overt
acts." Common sense, I trust, has not yet en-
tirely forsaken them; when it shall do so, they
may find, too late, that it has not forsaken the ,
constituencies which sent them here.
Mr. ANDERSON, of Missouri, obtained the
floor.
Mr. REAGAN. I do not wish to make a
speech. I only ask the attention of the commit-
tee for one moment, in order that I may be cor-
rectly understood in the position I have hereto-
fore taken, and to which the gentleman from Con-
necticut [Mr. Fekry] calls attention. I did not
interrupt the gentleman, because he had signified
his unwillingness to be interrupted in the progress
of his remarks.
The speech of the gentleman was evidently de-
signed ,to indicate not only the doctrines of the
Democratic party, but also the doctrines of the
Republican party, upon thequestions which he
discussed; and he has referred to the position
which I took on a former occasion, as indicating
tlie doctrines of the Democratic party, in a way
which, it seems to me, excludes the idea that he
could have correctly understood what I did say.
I was not discussing the abstract question of
liberty. I was not assuming that the Democratic
party had taken the "position that it was against
natural right to abolish slavery; for that was not
the question I was discussing, or the object I had
in view. I simply wish now to say that was not
the point which I presented. I was only discuss-
ing the powers of the people of a Territory m
their territorial capacity, and the powers of Con-
gress, under the Constitution, over the question
of slavery in the Territories; and I denied that
either the people of a Territory, in their territorial
capacity, or the Congress of the United States, in
its capacity as a Congress, had the authority to
abolish property of any description in a Terri-
tory. I maintained that slaves were property,
and are so recognized by the Constitution of the
United States; and that, as such, they stood upon
the same basis as other property in the Territo-
ries;andthat theassumption that'thatproperty, or
that any property, could be destroyed, wasagainst
the principles of natural right and natural justice.
When I said that slavery could only be abolished
in a Territory by an act of revolution, the asser-
tion rested on the idea, that when the people come
to organize a government, they organize it in ref-
erence to all the existing rights of that people,
assembled together for the purpose of framing
that government, each having his rights of prop-
erty, as well as his rights of person; and that any
act which destroys property is an assumption
upon the part of the majority to destroy the rights
of the minority; that whether the act applies to
property in slaves, property in horses, property
m machinery, or whatever it may apply to, it is
the despotic assumption of power by the majority
to destroy the rights of the minority.
The doctrine I laid down was, that the authority
exists as a revolutionary right, but that it does
not exist as a legal right. The doctrine has been
sustained, as I said at the time, by the adjudica-
tion of the Supreme Court of the United States,
as well as the supreme courts of many, and per-
haps all, of the States in this Union, that the peo-
ple in their primary condition, when they assem-
ble for the purpose of organizing a government,
may have conflicting interests to settle; and that,
if they assume the power to destroy property in
disregard of the rights of citizens, there is 110 tri-
bunal to which such aggrieved persons can ap-
peal.
I simply wish to state my position so that the
gentleman may understand that I was denying the
legal authority of Congress or of the people of a
Territory, in their territorial capacity, to deprive
any man of his property; that theie is 110 princi-
ple of right, 110 principle of law, no principle of
justice, hy which such a deprivation can take
place. I admitted that it was the received doc-
trine of all parties that when a Territory comes
to exercise the sovereign act of forming for itself
a State government, it may, as a question of
power, as a revolutionary right, destroy the right
of property in slaves or in anything else; because
there is no tribunal to which the aggrieved party
can appeal against an act of State sovereignty. I
i stated at the same time that this was an improper
: principle of action; that when a people came to-
; gether to form a government for themselves in
; common, they had a right to expect protection in
' common, by that government, to all their property
: of whatever class or description. But if the sov-
I ereign authority of a State should not destroy a
right of property, whether in slaves or other
things, then every intendment of law and natural
i reason gives it the legal right of protection in
i common with all other kinds of property.
! In reference to the question as to whether the
j system of slavery is productive of the grievous
| evils to which he refers, and is fruitful of igno-
i ranee and barbarism, if I were disposed to enter
. into an argument, the first answer I would make
1 on that point would be to direct the attention of
that gentleman to the condition of the four million
; of negroes in the southern States, and then ask
I him, uponhisconvictionsof truth and conscience,"
1 if they are not happier, more blest, and better
I protected in life and person, than any equal num-
j ber of that race 011 the face of the earth ? And if
so, as I .think they unquestionably are, slavery
is to them a blessing.
If I were called upon to express an opinion on
the abstract question of liberty between people
of the white race under the same Government, I
would vindicate that liberty as earnestly as any
gentleman here. If I talked of the equality of
Africans in Africa, I might take tfie same ground
there. When, however, I come to speak of the
condition of things under this Government, where
the white and black races exist together; one, the
white race, capable of self-government, and the
other, the black race, incapable of self-govern-
ment; when I see that the latter is best protected
and most happy by being in subordination to the
intelligence and authority of the former, and that
the former is securing the best interests of human-
ity by retaining the latter in their subject condi-
tion, I must dissent entirely from the position
taken hy the gentleman from Connecticut. While
I regard his speech as able, yet I believe it is
founded upon a false theory. I dissent entirely
from the theory of his speech, as applied to the
existing condition of things in this Government;
and disagree with him as to many of his facts.
I think they can be easily and successfully con-
troverted, but shall not now go into their discus-
sion.
Mr. ANDERSON, of Missouri, took the floor.
Mr. PHELPS. My colleague yields to me;
and I move that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Wash-
bij'Rne, of Illinois, reported that the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union had, ac-
cording to order, had the Union generally under
consideration, and particularly the President's
an.nual message, and had come to no resolution
thereon.
CONTESTED ELECTIONS.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask unanimous conscntof
the House to present the memorial and evidence
of William A. Howard, contesting the seat of
George B. Cooper; and I move that they be re-
> ferred to the Committee of Elections, and ordered
I to be printed.
|; Mr. PHELPS. Let the memorial only be or-
j| dered to be printed, for that is the usual course.
Ii Mr. MORRILL. Very well.
j| There being no objection, Mr. Morrill's mo-
! tion was then agreed, to.
jj Mr. REYNOLDS. I present the .memorial of
j. Francis P. Blair, contesting the seat of J. R. Rs.r-
|i rett; and move that it be referred to the Com-
t, nnttee of Elections, and ordered to be printed,
j; The motion was agreed to.
| j Mr. HOUSTON. Was the evidence in the first
;[ case ordered to be printed?
Mr. PHELPS. It was not.
I Mr. HOUSTON. I insist that the evidence in
j such cases shall first be referred to the Committee
| of Elections, and that it shall be decided by them
I whether or not it shall he printed.
