2698
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
Mr. BUFFINTON. The gentleman fro m Geor-
gia need have no uneasiness upon my account.
[Laughter.]
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Then I withdraw the
motion, because it was upon his account that I
made it.
Mr. HUGHES. I believe it is du,§ to the dig-
nity ©f this House that when we have rules, how-
ever absurd they may be, however much we may
condemn them, we ought, when we are agreed upon
a point like this, enforce them. I do not agree with
my friend that we only punish ourselves by re-
maining here longer. I think we all have duties
to perform, and most assuredly at this time, when
wc have remained here until nearly two o'clock
in the morning, it is essentially important that
this House should understand and determine
whether we mean to enforce these rules or not;
and the best argument in favor of remaining here
are the facts stated by the gentleman from Georgia.
I asked the question whether it was now " yes-
terday" or "to-day." i will stay here until
to-morrow, and I will see whether or not this
House will enforce its rules; and no vote of mine
shall be given for relaxing what I conceive to be
due to the dignity and honor of this House. We
have, in sjpme degree, been performing a most
ridiculous farce for six long hours, and wc are
sticking out for the enforcement, of our rules, such
as they are—God help us ! such as they arc—and
I will sit here until the House enforces its rules
and insists upon its dignity being maintained and
preserved. I do not know by what order or reg-
ulation the emblem of the dignity of this House
—the fasces and the eagle—has been removed
from its pedestal while this House remains in ses-
sion, and the Speaker is in the chair.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It has been re-
moved for the purpose of executing the order of
the House.
Mr. HUGHES. That emblem should remain
there.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. It has been
removed to execute the order of the House.
Mr. HUGHES. Do I understand from that
that,the House is not in session ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The House is
in session.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. It is removed for
the purpose of compelling the attendance of mem-
bers.
Mr. HUGHES. I adverted to it only because
I saw it had been removed. I insist that we shall
nowremain here. If we hud adjourned six hours
ago, it would have been well enough; but I insist
now that we shall remain until we have compelled
the attendance of the absent members of the House.
Mr. IiELMlCK. I wish 10 know whether the
morning hour has expired. [Laughter.]
Mr. HUGHES. No, sir; the morning hour
has not arrived. I only wished to call the atten-
tion of the House to the fact that the British House
of Commons has been ever so jealous of its dtg-
nity, that it has compelled members of its own
body and others, recusants, to appear before the
bar of the House and apologize gravely and seri-
ously. They would not be allowed to evade the
orders of the House, nor to make silly and ridic-
ulous excuses; but they have to come gravely and
seriously, and make their apologies, or else they
aresentfrom the House of Commons to the Tower.
So we ought to send our recusants to some place
of confinement. My friend from Louisiana [Mr.
Bouligny] madeagood suggestion sometime ago.
Jt was that those who were recusant—those who
*did not observe the dignity and decorum of the
House—should be punished; not by fines, or the
mere payment of fees, but in a moic serious man-
ner; and he was right about it.
Mr. BOULIGNY. Yes; I would send them
to prison.
Mr. HUGHES. Now, whenever the House
is in session—whenever that emblem of our na-
tional dignity (pointing to the mace) is placed
there on its pedestal—itiscompetentfor the House
to call up any kind of business; and it is the duty
of every member who is honored with a seat on
this iloor to be here at eleven o'clock m the morn-
ing or twelve at night. It is perfectly within the
power of the House to coerce the attendance of
members; but I recollect that two or three weeks
ago we had a similar call, and made a farce of it.
I recollect that men of high dignity and ability,
men of high lepute in the country 7 were regard-
less of the dignity of the House. I now, Mr.
Speaker, rise to vindicate the dignity of the House
of Representatives, and carry into execution the
order of the House.
Mr. GOOCH. It seems to me, Mr. Speaker,
that we cannot by any possibility get a quorum
of members here before nine o'clock this morn-
ing; and it is hardly wise of us, so far as we are
personally concerned, to sit here and wait while
the absentees are getting a comfortable night's
sleep. 1 will therefore propose that, by unani-
mous consent, we take a recess till nine o'clock
this morning; and that then we meet and proceed
with this roll-call, and carry it through. It is
true, as has been stated,that members have gone
to their rooms and locked themselves in. There
having been one call of the House, they are noti-
fied; and when the messenger comes and knocks
at their door, they know what he wants and will
not let him in. They can well get in here to-
morrow morning, and tell us that they are willing
to pay §2 50 for a good night's sleep.
Mr. BOULIGNY. I do not intend to let them
off for that. It is too cheap.
Mr. GOOCH. If we take a recess, as I think
we can do, wc can go home now and come back
here to-morrow morning and prosecute the call
of the roll to its completion, so far as to make
every member in the city render a valid excuse
forhis absence, or fine him. But if we undertake
to carry out the roll-call by sitting here ail night,
we shall break down, and will adjourn before to-
morrow morning; and that will be the end of the
whole thing. But if, on the other hand, we take
a recess, I predict that we shall have the most
effectual roll-call that we have ever had.
Mr. SPINiNER. 1 would like to ask the gen-
tleman how the Doorkeeper is to know who is to
come in and who is not to come in.
Mr. GOOCH. The record is already made up.
The Speaker's warrant has issued; and the ab-
sentees, whenever they appear, can be taken into
custody. The gentleman from New York [Mr.
Spinner] shakes his head. That was settled in
the last Congress by the decision of Mr. Speaker
Orr. 1 objected to it at the time; but the decision
was sustained. The same course has been sug-
gested this session; and the Speaker has been
sustained in the decision. It is the opinion of
some of the best parliamentarians in the House,
that an adjournment does not suspend the roll-call;
and for this reason, sir, that the party is m con-
tempt of the House. Suppose half the members
should leave here and go to their homes, and that
we should undertake to compel their attendance;
is there any gentleman here who would aigue for
a moment that we should have to remain here
with these doors closed until the absent members
were sent for and brought back from their homes?
If not, sir, then of course we can take a lecess ; if
we cannot take a recess, then I submit that the
roll-call is the most futile thing in the world, for
the men here might die before they could compel
the attendance of members who choose to absent
themselves.
Mr. HUGHES. It seems to me,Mr. Speaker,
very much as if the question had arrived at a
point as to the power of the House m thio matter.
1 do not know how the question may address
itself to others, but it seems to me that when the
House onk-is the Sei«cant-at-Arms to arrest le-
cusant members, he has power to go everywhere,
and ought to go everywhere, for that purpose. I
do not know, I am no lawyer. 1 am an old sol-
dier. I only know what I would do in the Army,
if I were called on to execute an order. I would
exccute it wherever I could carry that order. I
think wc are now making up an issue; and I
declare that when the House issues cm order to
the Sergeant-at-Arms, that order ought to be ex-
ecuted underall circumstances, atany hour of the
day or night, any whine and everywhere; and if
the Sergeant-at-Arms and his assistants do not
execute it, they ought to be called to a very seri-
ous account by this body.
,Why, sir, what body is there in the country
i which represents the same high dignity andquahty
as this House of Representatives of the United
States? Yet you talk about want of power to ex-
ecute warrants. You talk about the executive
officer of this body not having the power of a mere
constable in executing the order of the House.
When the Speaker issues his order in execution
of the will of the House, we are to be told that
order cannot be executed; is that so? Is it possi-
ble that we are fallen so low, that we have so far
degraded ourselves before the people of this coun-
try, as not to have power to arrest our own mem-
bcis, and bring them here when we are without
a quorum ?
Mr. CURTIS. I rise to a question of order.
I think the gentleman is not speaking exactly to
the point. If, by unanimous consent, we were
now to take a recess, when we returned again, we
should not have power to prosecute this matter;
and even if wc had, it would lead us to inevitable
anarchy and«confusion.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will
readfrom Cushing's Law and Practice of Parlia-
mentary Bodies, upon this point. He says:
"All proceedings under a call are, fiom its very nature,
surprised, and ail members under arrest as defaulters are
discharged'by an adjournment of the assembly, whatever
may be its eifect upon other proceedings."
Now, if the House cannot take an adjourn-
ment, the Chair will decide that it cannot take a
recess during the call without the effect of sus-
pending all further proceedings under it. The
Manual of Mr. Barclay, the Journal clerk of this
House, whose authority is unquestionable, con-
tains a note to the same effect, that, by an adjourn-
ment, all proceedings in a call arc terminated, and
the Chair decides, in accordance with what lie be-
lieves the uniform precedents, that if, even by
unanimous consent, the House take a recess, the
effect must necessarily be to terminate all pro-
ceedings under the call.
Mr. HICKMAN. 1 am disposed to take higher
ground upon this question of the power of the
House to compel the attendance of its members,
than has yet been taken by any gentleman during
this debate. I contend that, by the power which
this House unquestionably has, in the execution
of its orders, to compel the attendance of its ab-
sent members, the Sergeant-at-Arms, as the exec-
utive officer of the House, has the right to break
open doors, and to use whatever force may be
necessary to arrest the recusant members, and
bring them to the bar of the House. It is a power
clearly conferred upon the House under the Con-
stitution which, in article first sedtion five, pro-
vides:
u Each Ilont-'e shall be the judge of the elections, returns,
and qualmcationss of its own members, and u majority of
each shall constitute a quorum to do business; butasimiller
number may adjouin tiom day to day, and may be author-
ized to compel the attendance of absent members, in such
manner, and under sueh penalties, as each House may pro-
vide.35
Now, Mr. Speaker, the Constitution declares
that each House may compel the attendance of
absent members. Do gentlemen mean to say that
the power thus conferred goes no further than to
notify the gentlemen who arc absent, and then
leave it optional with them whether they will
attend or not? The rules of this House are made
in puisuancc of that clause of the Constitution,
and I can see no other construction of them con-
sistent with the exercise of any power at all than
this: that when the House authorizes its Speaker
to issue his warrant, to compel the attendance of
members, it means exactly what it declares by
this resolution. The warrant is in the nature of a
criminal process. It authorizes the officer to pro-
duce the members here, because they are in con-
tempt of the House; and they arc, to that extent,
criminal in their conduct. When these members
are broughthere, if no sufficient cxcuse is> offered,
the House punishes them for that contempt, for
that criminal conduct, and for nothing else. I
therefore take this ground; otherwise the warrant
of the Speaker would be perfectly inoperative,
and that provision of the Constitution would mean
nothing. There is no extent, as I contend, to
which the executive officer of this House is not
authorized to go, in execution of the order of this
House. It matters not about these gentlemen
being locked up in their houses or locked up in
their rooms, it is the duty of the Sergeant-at-Arms
to break open doors, and to do whatever other
act is necessary to execute the peremptory order
I with which he is intrusted. I trust this House
will sustain him in the use of the proper means of
; pioducin<r the result which we have m view.
Mr. GOOCH. I agree with the gentleman from
, Pennsylvania that it is the duty of the Sergeant-
| at-Arms to arrest the absentees, and bring them
| here; and it was ptens<'ly to that point I was
i speaking when I yielded Lhe floor to the gentle-
