I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sis
36th Cong....1st Sess.
Property in Territories—Mr. Douglas.
Senate.
So far, therefore^ as these " national Democrats"
of Illinois, who, in order to carry out Democratic
principles, sustained the Abolition candidates, are
concerned, the party has unanimously decided, at
Charleston, that they do not belong to the party.
The party decided at Charleston also, by a ma-
jority of the whole electoral college, that I was
the choice of the Democratic party of America for
the Presidency of the United States, giving me a
majority of fifty votes over all the other candidates
combined; and yet my Democracy is questioned.*
[Laughter.] So far as I am individually con-
cerned,! want no further or higher indorsement.
I have arraigned no man. I have attempted to
froscribe no man for differing with me 111 opinion.
have at ali times said that I was willing to ap-
peal to the grand council of the party assembled
in national convention, to decide these differences
of opinion. They have decided them; decided in
my favor on all points—the platform, the organ-
ization, and, least of all, the individual. That is
the lcast-of all; for my friends who know me best
know that I had no personal desire or wish for
the nomination; know that I prefer a seat in the
Senate for six years to being President, if I could
have the nomination, and be elected by acclama-
tion; and know that my name never would have
been presented at Charleston, except for the at-
tempt to proscribe me as a heretic, too unsound
to be the chairman of a committee in this body,
where I have held a seat for so many years with-
out* a suspicion resting on my political fidelity.
I was forced to allow my name to go there in
self-defense; and I will now say that had any gen-
tleman, friend or foe, received a majority of that
convention over me, the lightning would have
carried a message withdrawing my name from the
convention. I have not lust enough for office to
desire to be the nominee against the known wishes
and first choice of a majority of my party. In
1852, the instant Franklin Pierce had a majority
vote, the telegraph carried my message congrat-
ulating him as the choice of the party; and it was
read in the convention before the vote was an-
nounced. In 1856, the instant 3Mr. Buchanan re-
ceived a majority vote, the lightning carried my
message that James Buchanan, having received a
majority of the votes of the party, in my opinion,
was entitled to the nomination, and that I hoped
my friends would give him the requisite two
thirds, and then make the vote unanimous. Sir,
I would scorn to be the standard-bearer of my
party when I was not the choice of the party.
All the honors that a national convention can con-
fer are embraced"m the declaration of their first
choice for their standard-bearer, repeated on fifty-
seven ballots. I ask nothing more. The party
will go on and do what its own interest and its
own integrity may require.
But, sir, I do rejoice that this good old Demo-
cratic party, the only organization now left suffi-
ciently national and conservative in its principles
and great in its numbers to preserve this Union,
has determined to adhere to the great principle of
non-intervention by the Federal Government with
the domestic affairs of distant Territories and prov-
inces. It is a pleasing duty to me to defend this
glorious old party against those who would de-
stroy it bccause the party will not change its plat-
form to suit their purposes. The leadership at
Charleston, in this attempt to divide and destroy
the Democratic party, was intrusted to appro-
priate hands. JNTo man possessed the ability, orthe
courage, or the sincerity in his object, for such a
mission, in a higher degree, than the gifted Yancey.
He has a right to feel proud of his achievements at
Charleston. In 1848, at Baltimore, he proclaimed
the samedoctrine, and failed to geta State to stand
by him in seceding; there his doctrines were re-
pudiated. Boldly and fearlessly he put his protest
on record against the doctrine of non-intervention,
and withheld his assent to the support of the nom-
inee, because he conscientiously believed that the
South ought to insist on the doctrine of interven-
tion by Congress in support of slavery in the Ter-
ritories, when the people did not want it. Over-
ruled by five or ten to one in Baltimore in 1848,
overruled unanimously at Baltimore in 1852, in
1856 he concluded that perhaps he would make a
virtue of necessity, and submit to non-intervention;
and he got up instructions in favor of non-inter-
vention, and succeeded in putting it in the platform
in 1856. But very soon he came to the conclusion
that this great Democratic party was not compe-
tent to preserve and maintain the rights of the
South under the Constitution. He came to the
conclusion that it was time for them to institute
some other organization for the maintenance of
southern rights. That he was conscientious and
sincere in his views, I do not doubt; but that
they lead directly, inevitably, to a dissolution of
the Union, and the formation of a southern con-
federacy, if carried out, I think is beyond all ques-
tion. Doubtless ^many Senators have seen the
letter of Mr. Yancey to Mr. Slaughter, of the date
of June 15, 1858, upon the subject of " precipi-
tating tiie cotton States into revolution."
In order that the Senate and the country may see
that I do Mr. Yancey full justice, I shall have the
whole letter read.
Mr. PUGH read, as follows:
Montgomery, June 15,1858.
Dear Sir: Your kind lettei of the 15th is received.
I hardly agree with you that a general movement can be
made that will cleai out the Augean stable. If the Democ-
racy were oveithrown, it would icsult in giving place to a
gicatcr and hungrier swaim of Hies.
The remedy of the South is not m such a process. It is
in a diligent organization of her true men lor the prompt
resistance to the next aggiession. ft must come in the na-
ture of thing*?. No national party can save us; no sectional
party can ever do it. But it we could do as our fathers did
—organize "committees of safety "all over the cotton States
(and it is only m them that we fan hope for any effective
movement)—we shall fne the southern heart, instruct the
southern mind, give courage to each other, and, at the
pioper moment, by one organized, conceited action, we can
piecipitate the cotton States into a i evolution.
The idea has been shadowed forth in the South by Mr.
Ruffin ; has been taken up and recommended by the Ad-
vertiser, Under the name of 11 League ol United Southern-
eis," who, keeping up then old paity ldatiojw on all other
questions, will hold the southern i^ue patamount, and will
influence parties, Leg^latuies, and statesmen. I have no
tune to enlarge, but to suggest merely.
In haste, you is, &c., " W. L. YANCEY.
Mr. DOUGLAS. That letter, it is duo. to Mr.
Yanccy to state, was intended as a private letter
to his friend, Mr. Slaughter, and was published
without his authority. Having been republished
and severely commented upon by the editor of
the Richmond South, Mr. Yancey addressed a
letter of explanation to Mr. Pryor, in which he
declared that it was a private letter, written in the
freedom and carelessness of private confidence,
and was subject to hostile criticism. Therefore,
he proceeded to explain more fully what his views
were upon the question. I have endeavoied to
obtain an entire and perfect copy of this letter to
Mr. Pryor, without success. I find, however, a
long extract, embodying probably the whole of
its material parts, in the National intelligencer of
September 4,1858, which, I have no doubt, gives
a fair representation of Mr. Yancey's opinious.
Finding it in the Intelligencer, a newspaper so
proverbial for its accuracy and its fairness, I doubt
not that the extract docs full justice to the writer.
In the forepart of the letter, Mr. Yancey pro-
ceeds to say that, " to be candid, I place but little
trust in such States as Delaware, Maryland, Ten-
nessee, Kentucky, and Missouri." He has but
little trust in them. He then proceeds to give his
reasons why he cannot trust them. Delaware he
regards asnominally a slave State, but substantially
anti-slavery. On that he differs in opinion from
the distinguished Senator from Delaware, [Mr.
Bayard,] who thinks that Delaware has such an
interest m slavery that it is worth while to break
up the Democratic party on account of slavery.
[Laughter.] ButMr. Yancey has not much trust
m Delaware and Maryland. He cannot trust
Maryland because, he says, she keeps Abolition-
ists m Congress. Then, lie says, he cannot trust
Missouri, bccause she, for a long time,sustained
a Fice-Soilcr in the Senate, and aftciwards m the
House of Representatives—alluding to Colonel
Benton. Then, he says, he cannot trust Tennes-
see, because she kept an Abolitionist here in the
Senate so long, and reelected him; and besides,
he says Tennessee never had his confidence: a
Methodist conferencc refused to expunge certain
anti-slavery opinions which John Wesley had
inserted into the ritual. He cannot trust Ken-
tucky, bccause Kentucky, for so many years,
sustained such Frce-Soilers as Clay and Crit-
tenden! [Laughter.] lie then says:
" I did not name Virginia. It is tiue X did not discrim-
inate between Virginia and the other border States, My
purpose did not call for it."
After giving his reasons why he could toot
trust the border slaveholding States which I have
named, and why he proposed to plunge the cot-
ton States into revolution, separating them from
the border slave States, he proceeds as follows:
Mr. PUGH read the following:
" It is equally true that I do not expect Virginia to take
any Initiative steps towards a dissolution of the Onion,
when that exigency shall be. foiced upon the.South. Her
position as a border State, and a well-considered southern
policy, (a policy which has been digested and understood,
and approved by the ablest men in Virginia, as you your-
self must be aware,) would seem to demand that, when
such movement takes place by any considerable number of
southern States, Virginia and the other border States should
remain m the Union, where, by their position and their
counscl*, they could prove more effective friends, than by
moving out of the Union, and thus giving to the southern
confederacy <i long abolition hostile border to watch. In
the event of the movement being successful, in time, Vir-
ginia, aud the othei border States that desired it, could join
the southern comedeiaey, and be protected by the power
of Up arin^ and its diplomacy.
" Your charge that I designed to, and did, impeach the
fidelity of Virginia, is untrue, however much of tiuth there
may be in it with lefcrcnee to thobe border States that I
have named."
Mr. DOUGLAS. So it seems that, in 1858, a
well-digested plan had been matured and approved
by many of the ablest men of the South, and even
in Virginia; and that by that plan it was not cx-
pcctcd that Virginia, and these other unsound bor-
der States, were to go out of the Union when the
South was forced to dissolve—using the word
forced." One would suppose that if there-was
any such injustice to the siaveholding States as
to force the South out, in defense of her consti-
tutional rights, Virginia would be expected to be
as tenacious of them as any other State; but he
did not expect that. Virginia, Tennessee, Ken-
tucky, Missouri, Maryland, and Delaware, were
expected, by lhat plan, to remain in the Union, for
the reason that, by so remaining, they could ren-
der more service to those who went out than they
i could if they went out with them. A very cn-
! viable position Mr. Yancey puts the Old Dominion
j in ! lie wishes to retire from you, and asks you
\ to remain with us, m order that you may annoy
[ and distract and betray us, for the benefit of those
| that go out; and he holds out the assurance that,
in the course of time, perhaps, Virginia and Mary-
land and Kentucky and Tennessee and Missouri
may become sound enough to be admitted into
the southern confederacy. He is going to keep
you on probation awhile, guarding a long aboli-
tion frontier, for the benefit of the cotton States;
and after awhih1, perhaps, if you do good service,
and so act as to be entitled to his rcspcct and con- '
fidence, then he will admit you into this southern
confederacy of the cotton States !
Mr. Yanccy tells us of the " welJ-digcstedp^an.,,
It was not to be executed at once; and in the mean
time all the men in the plan must preserve their
relations in the Democratic party, so as to influ-
ence public men and public measures, and thus
be ready to have some influence by precipitating
this result on the party, and breaking it up. Part
of the plan was to pretend a till to be members,
keep in the party, go into fellowship with us,
seem anxious to preserve the organization, and
at the proper time plunge the cotton States into
revolution. What was the auspicious moment,
that proper time, to which he alluded ? Was it at
the Charleston convention ? Was that the proper
time ? The history of the event shows that M r.
| Yanccy there acted up to his programme an-
I nounced m his letters to Slaughter and Pryor.
: He preserved his relations with his party with a
| view of exercising influence on public men and
measures, over northern as well as southern men,
and finally proposed an intervention platform,
reversing the crecd of the party, and "at the
proper time" he did precipitate the cotton States
into revolution, and led them out of the conven-
tion. The programme was carried out to the
letter: and he did leave in the convention those
unsound States that he could not trust, such as
Virginia and Tennessee and Kentucky, and Mis-
souri and North Carolina and Delaware and
Maryland. Part of Delaware, 1 believe, followed
him; hut they came to the conclusion that Dela-
ware was not big enough to divide. [Laughter.]
Her champion returned back into the northern
confederacy. Was it to keep watch, and guard
an abolition frontier for the benefit of the cotton
States ? Is Delaware to be received into Mr. Yan-
