1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
?35
Mr. PHELPS. 1 move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move that when the House
adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday next. I
do not desire to delay the public business; and if
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means will say that we shall be able to-morrow
to act upon the Post Office appropriation bill, I
will withdraw my motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think we shall be ready
to act upon it to-morrow.
Mr. FLORENCE. Then I withdraw my mo-
tion. I do not wish to bo an obstruction to the
payment of the public creditors.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I renew it. The
Senate have adjourned over; and even if we do
act upon the bill to-morrow, we cannot make any
progress.
The motion to adjourn over was rejected.
And then (at a quarter to four o'clock, p. m.)
the House adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, February 11, 1860.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. J. L. Elliott.
'The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
SOLDIERS OF 1812.
Mr. MAYNARD. I present the following pre-
amble and joint resolutions of the Legislature of
Tennessee. «
The Clerk read, as follows:
Wheieus, among the soldiers of the war of 1812, who
still survive, many are in indigent circumstance, and un-
able from age and infirmity to earn a living: and whereas,
it is a just principle in a tree Government, that those who
defend the country m a great and perilous struggle should
not only be fanly compensated, but liberally rewaided, and
especially preserved fiom want: Therefoie—
Resolved by the General JisteinbUj of the State of Tennes-
see, That our Senators and Repiesentatives in Congiess
be, and theyaie heieby, most respectfully requested and
urged to use their aid and influence in the passage of a
law appropriating to each soldier of the war of 1810 with
<5ieat Britain, and ail the Indian wars of that date, who
served as long as three months, six hundred and forty acres
of land, to be located in an> part of the public domain not
otherwise appropriated, or a full-pay pension of five years
instead thereof, at the option of the soldier.
Resolved, That the benefits of such law should apply to
the widow and minor children of such soldiers, who still
survive, in such proportion as a sound discretion may dic-
tate.
Resolved, That a copy of this preamble and resolutions
be forwarded by the Governor to each of our Senators and
Ileni eseritati ves m Congress. 1
W. C. WHITTHOENE,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
TAZ. W. NEWMAN,
Speaker of the Senate.
Adopted November 2,1859.
A tiue copy: J. E. R. Ray, Secretary of State.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move that they be laid
upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
COURT Of CLAIMS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House reports
of the Court of Claims, numbered from 199 to
244 inclusive, and, by unanimous consent of the
House, adverse reports were referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the Private Calen-
dar, and ordered to be printed*; and favorable re-
ports were referred to the Committee of Claims.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
Chair, in conformity with the usual practice, will
direct that such bills from the Court of Claims as
were left undisposed of at the adjournment of the
Thirty-Fifth Congress shall be again referred to
the Committee of Claims, and that the adverse
reports shall be restored to the I3rivate Calendar.
There being no objection, it was ordered ac-
cordingly.
LAWS OF TiSKlUTOKIES, ETC.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
copy of the laws of the Territory of Washington;
which was referred to the Committee on Territo-
ries.
Also, a copy of the laws of the last Territorial
Legislature of Oregon; which was referred to the
Committee on Territories.
Also, evidence taken in the contested election
case from Kentucky; which was referred to the
Committee of Elections.
EXCUSE FROM SERVICE ON COMMITTEE.
:\Jr GARPfETT. I ask to be excused from
service upon the Committee for the District of
Columbia. -
The question was put; and Mr. Garnett was
excused.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Mr. PARNSWORTH. I ask leave to have
the papers in the case of Frederick Stevens with-
drawn from the files of the House, and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
*" The SPEAKER. That can be done under the
rules, by filing notice with the Clerk.
MAIL COMMUNICATION WITH MEXICO.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE, by unanimous con-
sent, presented a copy of a resolution adopted by
the New York Chamber of Commerce on the 5th
of January, 1860, as follows:
" Resolved, As the sense of this Chamber, that the intei-
est of Ameiiean commerce will be promoted by the increase
of the direct means of mail communication with Mexico."
The resolution was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
NATURALIZATION LAWS.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I ask leave to in-
troduce bills to be referred to the appropriate com-
mittees.
The Clerk read the title of a bill, as follows:
A bill to amend the naturalization laws.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I ask that the bill
may have its second reading.
Mr. PENTON. I object to the introduction
of the bill.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. If the gentleman
will withdraw his objection, I will ask that the
bill be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
, Mr. FENTON. When the States are called,
we shall all have an equal opportunity to intro-
duce billg-
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I hope there will
be no objection.
Mr. FENTON. Objection is made to the in-
troduction of any bills.
OFFICERS IX THE TERRITORIES.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Then I will ask
unanimous consent to introduce a bill granting to
the people of the several organized Territories of
the United States the right to provide, through
their respective Legislatures, for the appointment
orelectionof their judges, Governors^and all other
territorial officers, in such mode aral manner as
such Legislature may by law determine.
Mr. BURNETT. I object. It is not in order.
OFFICIALS IN ILLINOIS.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Then I ask unani-
mous consent to introduce two resolutions calling
upon the Departments for information, and I hope
there will be no objection to them. I send them
to the Clerk.
The Clerk read one of the resolutions, as fol-
lows:
Resolved, That the heads of the Executive Departments
be, and they are hereby, respectfully requested to communi-
cate to this House the lollowing information, as far as they
may be m possession of the same, m their respective Depart-
ments. 1. The names of all peisons appointed to, and re-
moved from, oflicc m the State of Illinois, by the present
Administration, designating ihe respective dates of sueh
appointments and removals, and the character of file office
filled by each appointee. 2. A copy of all petitions, letters,
lemoiistrances, and other papers, upon which such appoint-
ments and removals were respectively made, now, or
which may have been, on tile in their respective Depart-
ments.
Mr. GARNETT. I object. I object to every-
thing out of the regular order of business.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Then I believe I
have the right to move to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. Such a motion is not in
order to-day.
Mr. MOkRIS, of Illinois. I ask to have the
other resolution read for information. If gentle-
men object to resolutions, I want them to do so
knowing what they object to.
Mr. GARNETT. I call the gentleman from
Illinois to order.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. If resolutions are
to be suppressed, I want the House to know
what they are.
Mr. BARKSDALE. If the resolutions were
in order, nobody would object to them; but they
are out of order.
POST OFFICE DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to report- back the
Post Office deficiency bill, with a report, which I
ask the Clerk to read.
The report was read, as follows:
The Committee of Ways and Means, to whom was re-
ferred the amendments of the,Senate of the United States
to bill (H. It. No. 1) making appropriations to defray the de-
ficiencies in the appropriations for the service of the Post
Office Department for the fiscal year ending 30th Jane, 1859,
and in part for the support of the Post Office Department for
the year ending 30th June, 1860, have had the same under
consideration, and beg leave to report as follows:
They recommend that the House of Representatives
agree to the ist, 2d, 3d, and 4th amendments of the Sen-
ate, and that the House disagree to the 5th and 6th amend-
ments of the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the bill and
the accompanying amendment^ be referred to the
Committecof the Wholeon the state of t?ie Union.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the House now
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, with a view to take up the
amendments just referred to that committee.
The motion was agreed, to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the .state of the Union,
(Mr, Grow in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN. The first business before
the committee is the annual message of the Presi-
dent of the United States.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the committee
postpone, for the present, the consideration of the
President's message.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the commit-
tee now take up the Senate amendments to the
Post Office deficiency bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The Clerk proceeded to read the amendments
of the Senate; after which they were taken up sep-
arately for consideration.
Mr. MAYNARD. As the bill has not been
printed, I ask that, in each ease, the section may
be read as amended.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will so direct
the Clerk.
First amendment:
page 2, section two, add the following at the end of the
section :
';For wrapping-paper, mail-bags, blanks, and paper for the
same, mail-locks, keys, and stamps, postage stamps, and
stamped envelopes;" so that the section, as amended,
would read :
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That, towards the sup-
port of the Post Office Department for the fiscal year ending
the 30th of June, 1860, the sum of $4,000,000, payable out
of any money in the Treasury arising from the revenues of
the Post Ofiice Department, is hereby appropriated, and the
turtlier sum of $2,400,000 is hereby appropriated, payable
out of any money m the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated : said sums to be expended, in conformity with the
provisions of the act of the 2d day of July, 1836, in the
payment exclusively of compensation to postmasters and
clerks in their offices, mail depredations, and special agents,
and for the transportation of the mails, for wrapping-paper,
mail-bags, blanks, and paper for the same, mail-locks, keys,
and stamps, postage stamps, and stamped envelopes.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mend a concurrence in this amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Sccond amendment:
Page 2, section three, line three, after the word "com-
mence," strike out the words "one month," and insert
u sixty daysso that the section, as amended, would read:
Sec. 0. Jlnd be it further enacted, That interest, at the
rate of six per centum per annum, to commence sixty days
after the expiration of the quarter in which the service was
rendered, to the date of the approval of this act, shall be
paid on all sums found due to the contractors for carrying
the mail; and that a sum sufficient to pay the same be, and
is hereby, appropriated out of any money in the Treasury
not otheivvise appiopriated.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mend a concurrence in this amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Third amendment:
Page 2, section three, line four, after the word (i ren-
dered," insert "but in no case priorto the 1st day of May,
1859."
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mend a concurrence in this amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fourth amendment:
At the end of section three, insert as follows:
uProvided, That such interest &hali bepayable only to the
contractor^ themselves; and the same is hereby declared
to he m tull of all damages, by leason of failure or delay in
payment; and the same shall be receipted for accordingly;
but no interest shall be allowed on payments for the last
qua) ter, ending the 31st of December, 1859;" so that the
i entire section, as amended, would read:
; gnc. 3. Jlnd be U further enacted, That interest, at tut
