1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
17 55
now simply want it done according to the rules
and forms of legislation.
Mr. THOMSON. I would prefer very much
having a vote at this time; because, if a proposi-
tion so enormous as this is to be carried by the
Senate, I do not think there is any necessity for
the Committee on Pensions; and I should move,
at some fitting occasion, that the Committee on
Pensions be dispensed with as being entirely un-
necessary.
Mr. SLIDELL. I move the reference of the
bill and amendment to the Committee on Pen-
sions; and on that question I call for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. GRIMES. I am not disposed to interfere
with this motion, if such is the ordinary method
of proceeding. The bill has been passed by the
Senate, sent to the House of Representatives, and
it has been amended by that House, and sent back
here for our concurrence; and if such is the ordi-
nary method, 1 do not object to tlffi reference.
Mr. SLIDELL. Undoubtedly it is the ordi-
nary method.
Mr. POLK., I do not think there is any neces-
sity for a call of the yeas and nays.
Mr. SLIDELL. Very well. I will not insist
on the call. I simply move the reference.
The motion was agreed to.
ARTHUR EDWARDS VETO MESSAGE.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
rucK in the chair.) The message from the Pres-
ident of the United States will now be read.
The Secretary lead it, as follows:
To the Senate of the United States:
I return, with my objections, to the Senate,for
their reconsideration, the bill entitled "An act
for the relief of Aithur Edwards and his asso-
ciates," presented to me on the 10th instant.
This bili directs the Postmaster General to audit
and settle the accounts of Arthur Edwards and
his associates, for-transporting the United States
through mail, on their steamers, during the years
1849 and 1853, and intervening years, between
Cleveland and Detroit; between Sandusky and
Detroit; and between Toledo and Detroit, and to
allow and pay them not less than §28 60 for each
and every passage of said steamers between said
places, during the aforementioned time, when the
mails were on board.
I have caused a statement to be made at the
Post Office Department of the least sum of money
which can be paid to Mr. Edwards and his asso-
ciates, under the bill, should it become alaw; and
from this it appears the amount will be §80,405 23.
Mr. Edwardsandhisassociates,in 1854,ashort
time after the alleged services had been rendered,
presented a claim to the Postmaster General for
$25,180, as compensation for these services. This
claim consisted of nine items, setting forth spe-
cifically all the services embraced by the present
bill. It is fair to presume that the parties best
knew the value of their own services, and that
they would not, by an under-estimate, do them-
selves injustice. The whole claim of $25,180 was
rejected by the Postmaster General, for reasons
which it is not part of my present purpose to dis-
cuss.
The claimants next presented a petition to the
Court of Claims in June, 1855, " for a reasonable
compensation" for these services, and "pray the
judgment of your honorable court for the actual
value of the service rendered by them, and re-
ceived by the United States, which amounts to
the sum of §50,000." Thus the estimate which
the'y placed upon their services had nearly doub-
led between 1854 and 1855; had risen from §25,180
to §50,000.  On the , after afull hearing, the
Court decided against the claim, and delivered an
opinion in support of this decision which cannot,
I think, be contested on legal principles. But
they state, in the conclusion of the opinion, that
"for any compensation for their services beyond
what they have received, they must depend upon
the discretion of Congress."
This decision of the Court of Claims %vas re-
ported to Congress on the 1st of April, 1858; and
from it the present bill has originated. The
amount gran ted by it is more, by upwards of fifty-
five thousand dollars, than the parties themselves
demanded from the Postmaster General in 1854,
and is more, by upwards of thirty thousand dol-
lars, than they demanded when bufoie the Court
of Claims. The enormous difference in their favor
between their own original demand, and the
amount granted by the present bill, constitutes my
chief objection to it. In presenting this objection,
I do not propose to enterinto the question whether
the claimants are entitled in equity to any com-
pensation for their services beyond that which it
is alleged they have already received; or if so,
what would be " a reasonable and fair compen-
sation." My sole purpose is to afford Congress
an opportunity of reconsidering this case, on ac-
count of its peculiar circumstances. I transmit
to the Senate the reports of Horatio King, acting
Postmaster General, and of A. N. Zevely, Third
assistant Postmaster General, both dated on the
14th of April, I860, on the subject of this claim.
JAMES BUCHANAN.
Washington, April 17, I860.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President 
Mr. YULEE. The Secretary had better read
the letter of Horatio King, which accompanies it.
Mr. BINGHAM. Let it be printed.
Mr. YULEE. It is very short.
Several Senators. It need not be read.
Mr. HALE. 1 was about to make a sugges-
tion. As this bill was reported from the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads, and was re-
ferred to me on thatcommittee,andasthemessage
of the President is one that depends upon a calcu-
lation, I have thoughtthat a coursedifferentfrom
what is ordinarily pursued in reference to a veto
might be proper in this case. It is ordinarily the
case, I believe, that the Senate assign a day when
they will consider a veto;'but vetoes, generally
speaking, depend upon some principles of public
or national policy, and do not depend upon a de-
tail of accounts; and it has occurred to me, that it
would be respectful to the President, and just to
the claimant in this case, in the first instance, to
commit this veto message, with the accompanying
papers, to the Committee on the Post Office ana
Post Roads, for the purpose of their having an op-
portunity to revise and reexamine the figures and
calculations which have been made, and which
have been submitted-in the document referred to
by the Senator from Florida and accompanying
the message; because it will be utterly impossible
for the Senate, understandingly, to go into an ex-
amination of all these figures. I understand cas-
ually from a friend of the claimant, that he does
not suppose the amount to be received is what is
stated by this veto message; and I think the better
way would be to commit the veto of the President,
with the accompanying papers, to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads;and I make that
motion.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. President, Captain Ar-
thur Edwards is a citizen ofMichigan, and a con-
stituent of mine. He carried the great through
mails in his steamboat, before the completion of
the railroads, from Cleveland and Sandusky to
Detroit. He spent five years in Washington to
gethispay. The proof before the Court ofClaims
showed that the weight of the mails was from five
to ten tons a trip. This bill has twice passed the
Senate of the United States unanimously. It
passed the House of Representatives this year by
more than a two-thirds vote on the yeas and nays.
It proposes to give Captain Edwards §28 60 (an
estimate made by the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads) a trip for the transportation of
the through mail; and that, according to its weight,
was much less than he was receiving for the trans-
portation of ordinary goods in steamboats, and
less than the mail was ever carried for on any
other route in the United States. I trust that this
bill will be referred to the Committee, on the Post
Office and Post Roads, for Captain Edwards has
never expected to get anything like the amount
of §80,000 stated in the message. Indeed, he does
not know himself the number of trips that he has
carried the mails; but the bill provided that he
should prove it to the satisfaction of the Post
Office Department.
Mr. YULEE. I am not aware that there is a
precedent for the course proposed by the Senator
from New Hampshire. If there is, and it be the
pleasure of the Senate, there can be no objection
whatever to that course. I do not think, how-
ever, that a reference to the committee for the
purpose of computation is a't all material. There
can be no difficulty whatever in our agreement to
the computation of the' Post Office Department,
for the reason that the number of trips for which
compensation was claimed for the claimant in this
case was furnished to the Post Office Department
as the basis of his claim, and it was also fur-
nished to the Court -of Claims. It is upon the
basts of his own statement of the number of trips
and the amount which the bill directed to be paid
for each trip, that the result is reached at the Post.
Office Department, and it is a mere matter of
clerical computation.
The facts are here. I have reviewed them.
There can be no mistake on the subject, and it is
undoubtedly true that the claim, as originally pre-
sented to the Department, did not exceed the sum
of twenty-five thousand dollars or thereabouts,
and afterwards to the Court of Claims about fifty
thousand dollars; and that the computation now
upon the statement of the number of trips claimed
in the memorial of the petitioner and the price
fixed by the bill, must bring the allowance to the
sum stated by the Post Office Department. Un-
doubtedly, on the discovery of these facts, it was
a case for the interposition of the presidential neg-
ative. The Constitution directs that we shall
proceed to a reconsideration. That does not re-
quire immediate action, I agree; but it may be
postponed to any other day, as has been the prac-
tice of the Senate; but whether the Senate, under
the direction of the Constitution, can pass the sub-
ject into the hands of a committee for action, I am
not aware. It may be; I do not see any very
serious objection to it; I do not see any direct
conflict with the provision of the Constitution if
the bilfdoes not go out of the possession of the
Senate; but if there has been no precedent, it would
hardly be worth while to make this the first one.
Mr. CLINGMAN. While I do not know
that there has been any precedent in the Senate,
I remember very well that in the other House,
upon President Tyler's veto of the land distribu-
tion act, the subject was referred to a select com-
mittee, and an elaborate report made before voting
on it. -Whether there is any other case or not, I
do not know; but it would seem to me, as this is
a matter of detail, it ought to take that course. I
recollect very well there was a goo.d deal of debate
at that time. The friends of Mr. Tyler, those
who supported his policy, insisted that this pro-
ceeding was irregular; but a majority decided
otherwise, and there was a report from a select
committceon the subjectbefore any action on the
veto.
Mr. TOOMBS. I am half inclined to support
the motion of the Senator from New Hampshire,
and particularly for the reason he gives.- He says
that ordinarily a veto is on some principle, and,
therefore, it is not referred; but this is only a
question of money; there is no principle in that,
and, therefore, it ought to be referred. On his
rule, I think it right. I think voting money here
is not on principle. If the Senate acts on its own
principles, the motion ought to carry.
Mr. HALE. There was some wit in that;
[laughter;] but I think it was based exactly on
the remarks I made. I said, as this depended on
a detail, on a calculation of money, I thought it
ought to be referred. I never made a personal
appeal in my life; but this bill comes from me;
it was committed to me by the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, and I am exceedingly
anxious, if there is any mistake or any error,
that it may be submitted to that committee, and
again to me, that I may have an opportunity of
correcting the mistake, if any has been made.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, I hope this
bill will be referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads. I do not know myself the
facts as set forth in the President's veto message;
but we all know it is very common for claimants,
with just claims before Congress, to be put off
from year to year, as Mr. Edwards has been. It
seems" the proof is, that he carried the mail from
1849 to 1853, and never received one shilling for
performing the service. The statement is, that at
the expiration of four years, he consented to take
a given sum. The case is precisely the same as
though I had a debt which I thought 1 might lose—
no matter from what cause—and 1 would take
twenty-five or fifty cents on the dollar; the party
declines the compromise, and, in process of time,
he becomes able to pay me what lie owes me. I
do not then consider myself bound at all by the
proposition I made to accept one half or one fourth
or one fifth the honest debt that is due. The ques-
tion here is, not whether this man agreed to take
