736
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11.
rale of six per centum per annum, to commcncc sixty days
•after the expiration of the quarterin which the service was
rendered, but in no ease prior to the 1st day of May,
to the date of the approval of this act, shall be paid on an
sums found due to the contractors for carrying the mail*,
and that a sufficient sum to pay the same be, and is hereby,
■appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury nol^other-
w£e appropriated: Provided, That such rot®*?®1 tSa**
payable only to the contractors themselves; and the same
?s hereby declared to be in foil of all damages by reason of
failure or delay in Payment>and/h£s T^
for accordingly; but no interest shall be;
ments for the last quarter, ending the 31st of December,
for accordingly; but no interest shall be allowed_on jmy
merits
1859.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mend a concurrence in this amendment, •
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. DUELL. I move to amend the sectionhj,
inserting after the words, carrying the mail,
as follows: - I
And that interest, at the same rate, be paid to contract-
ors for furnishing leather mail pouches to the Post ornec |
Department, on all sums due to such contractors, to be com- ,
puted from the time such unpaid accounts were audited to
the date of the approval of this act.
Mr. BOCOCK. I rise to a question of order.
1 want to know at what point that amendment
comes in. If it is an amendment to the Senate's
amendment, I shall not raise a question upon it;
but if it is an amendment to the original text, it
is not in order, for the original bill is not amend-
able.
Mr. DUELL. I think the Senate haye sub-
stantially amended the entire bill. In this third
section they have stricken out certain words and
inserted other words in more than one instance.
They have also made an addition at the end of
the section, providing that the payment of inter-
est shall be payable only to the contractors them-
selves; and that it shall be in full of all damages.
I think, therefore, that the amendment is 111 order
to any portion of the section.
Mr. BOCOCK. What I desire to know is,
whether the amendment is offered as an amend-
ment to the Senate's amendment, or to the original
bill?
Mr. DUELL. The amendment was prepared
to be offered to the original bill as it passed this
House. If that is not in order, however, I will
offer it to the amendment of the Senate.
The CHAIRMAN. At what point of the Sen-
ate amendment does the gentleman propose to
insert his amendment?
Mr. DUELL. I desire to have it come in pre-
ceding the Senate amendment at the close of the
section.
The CHAIRMAN. That woyld be an amend-
ment to the original bill, which is not in order.
Mr. DUELL. Then I will have it inserted at
the end of the amendment of the Senate.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Virginia insist upon his point of order?
Mr. BOCOCK. It is not strictly ill order.
Though in form it is an amendment to the amend-
ment,it is, m reality, an amendment to the ori-
ginal bill.
Mr. liURNETT. Do I understand the gen-
tleman from Virginia to withdraw his point of 1
order? I
Mr. BOCOCK. I withdraw it; though, at the I
same time, I think it is not strictly 111 order. j
Mr. BURNETT. , I will make the point of
order, then, that the amendment is not germane
to the amendment of the Senate. The Chair will
perceive that the amendment is really made to the ■
■original bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will direct the
' Clerk to report the amendment of the Senate, so
that he may determine whether the gentleman's
amendment is germane or not.
The Clerk read the provision of the bill to which
it was proposed to attach the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from New
York proposes to amend the Senate amendment
providing for payment to a class of creditors not
named in the original bill. The gentleman from
Kentucky raises the point of order that the amend-
ment is not m order. The Chair rules the amend-
ment out of order upon the ground stated.
The Senate amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment of the Senate was read,
as follows:
" Sec.5. Andbeit further enacted, Thatthe Superintend-
ent o! the Public Printing be required to procure the print-
ing of the Post Office blanks by contract, at'ter thirty days'
public notice, and to award said contract, for the usual
period of Po.-t O/fice contracts, to the bidder who offers to
print the said Wanks at the gieatest P« centum deduction
from the prices authorized to be paid b> wL1th.<-J'" '
iu« of the Executive Departments; and that ail laws, or
parts of laws now m i'oree, in relation to the printing of
post bills or Post Office blanks, be, and the same are iiei tbj,
repealed." .
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Chairman, I desire to
say a few words in regard to this amendment.
Every member of the Committee of W ays and
Means is, I believe, in favor of the amendment it
ingrafted on an original bill, but here the com- .
mittee regard it as an attempt, on the part of t he ,
Senate, to introduce measures of general legisla- |
tion changing existing law in an appropriation j
bill. Thfe is a practice which hasgrown up> with- :
in the lastfew years, and the Committee ot Ways ;
and Means deem it their duty, at once, to put a stop
to it, and we have determined, so far as we can, :
to resist the adoption of all propositions looking j
to a change in existing law, by amendments upon i
appropriation bills. The theory of appropriation j
bills is, that they shall provide money to carry on j
the Government, to execute existing laws, and not ;
to change existing laws and provide new ones. ]
I This amendment of the Senate provides for a
change of existing law, fixing the mode and man-
ner of having the Post Office blanks printed. I
believe that the provision is a wise one, and that
it-ought to be adopted, in the shape of an mde-
pendentlaw. There is notamember of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means who is not m favor
of the proposi tion, but we wish, at the outset, to
prevent, if possible, the Senate from ingrafting
new legislation upon appropriation bills: there-
fore, the Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mend to the House to non-concur in the amend-
mentofthe Senate. I hope that recommendation
will be adopted. .
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman from Ohio has
correctly stated the opinion of the members of the
Committee of Ways and Means, who were pres-
ent; yet, sir, I must say that I differ in opinion
with the committee, because I am willing to con-
cur in this amendment under protest. The Senate j
has been in the habit for several years of intro-
ducing general legislation upon the appropriation
bills. In this House that sort of legislation upon
the appropriation bills has been generally luled
out of order. I think that it is an improper prac-
tice to include general legislation in appropriation
bills. An appropriation bill should appropriate
money meraty in pursuance of existing law so
' that the expense of the Government shall be de-
frayed from the Treasury. No one would look
to an appropriation bill to find impoitant legisla-
tion, and yet such legislation is oftentimes em-
braced in a mere proviso attached to one of the
appropriation bills.
This, Mr. Chairman, is a measure of economy,
a measure of reform; and, fearing that I may not
get another opportunity to adopt it, I have con-
cluded now to forego my objection as a member
of the Committee of Ways and Means to this
kind of legislation, and to vote for a concurrence.
I am informed that the printing of the Post Office
Department can be done at a discount of seventy
per cent, upon the price now paid under the laws
regulating the public printing. Under the pres-
ent system, Posi Office blanks are required to be
printed at the price stipulated in the law. The
Post Office printing consists of mere headings and
blanks, to be filled up at the post offices from which
they are sent and so on; and I understand that
the printers obtain stereotype plates, by which
1 the work is done at a very cheap rate. I have
i been informed by the Postmaster General thatthe
' great reduction 1 have stated can be made; and
[ that he is in favor of seeing economy mtiodueed
i in the expenditures of the Post Office Department.
! I am willing, for one, to forego my repugnance to
' general legislation upon appropriation bilk, fur
I the j}urpose of adopting a measure so salutary
i and economical as this.
! Mr. LOVEJOY. I have only a single word,
and that is to express the hope that the committee
will concur m the amendment of the Senate. Dur-
; ing the whole of the last Congress we were met,
• whenever we proposed to introduce any such
] measure as this, with the same objection, that the
! difficulty lies back in some existing law. Now, I
| will not stickle for a little point of etiquette be-
j tween the Senate and the House, and I trust that
< if we are going to make a point against the Senate
' for inappropriate legislation, we shall do it upon
|! some other matter than this.
Mr. MILLSON. Mr. Chairman, I think we
may learn a little wisdom from the Senate. A
day or two ago, when the gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Phelps] introduced this bill, we sus-
pended the rules, to allow it to be considered in
the House without referring it to the Committee ot
the "Whole on the state of the Union, and' even
without referring it to one of the standing commit-
tees. In our simplicity, we supposed the urgency
to be so great that we even consented to pass the bill
under the operation of the previous question, and
millions were voted away with lightning rapidity .
But when the Senate got the bill, they considered
it with the most admirable calmness and compo-
sure. They did not seem to realize the necessity
for that hurry with which we acted, and which
made us insist upon its speedy passage. They
discussed it at their leisure. They were two or
three days engaged in giving their opinions, not
upon the bill, indeed, but upon what they deemed
certain desirable changes in existing laws. I he
bill now comes hack to us, and it is asked that
we shall concur in these general measures of re-
form proposed by the Senate.
Now, sir, I have*great pleasure in concurring
with the Committee of Ways and Means in
their recommendation thatwe should,at theNery
threshold, set our faces against the practice, so
often adopted by the Senate, of refusing to pass
bills which they and wc agree to be proper, un-
less we will, at the same time, unite with them
in passing other measures, upon the propriety o_
which doubts may exist. If the bill we send to
the Senate be a proper bill, let them pass it; and
do not let them refuse to pass a bill which they
admit to be just and right, until we shall consent
i to some other proposition of theirs, and one, it
may be, of doubtful propriety.
The Senate, sir, as we all know, have not
thought proper to adopt those rules, for their
government, which we have found necessary
here; and I beg leave to say a word on the im-
portance of requiring our appropriation bills to
be free from all questionable matter. We do not
allow any proposition, involving a change of any
existing law, to be connected with an appropria-
tion bill. And why? Because the public inter-
est demands that these appropriation bills, for the
support of the Government, should be passed
speedily; and the fate of an appropriation bill,
upon which the fate of the country may some-
times be .suspended, ought not to depend upon
the willingness of either House to consent to ne w
and doubtful legislation. What have wc seen in
the lust twelve months? The operations of a
whole Department of the Government embar-
rassed and cilppled, by the refusal of the Senate
to pass a bill, which they admitted to be proper,
'unless the House would agree ^ to independent
legislation, which it did not believe to be expe-
dient. They put us under duress, either to con-
sent to a measure which the House disapproved,
or to adopt the alternative of having all the oper-
ations of the Government embarrassed and dis-
ordered. If we agree now to this proposition
under discussion—and I concur with what the
chairman of the committee [Mr. Sherman] has
said, that this amendment itself proposes a de-
sirable reform—\v$ put it out of our power, at
all times hereafter, to object to, or dissent from
such legislation in an appropriation bill.
| Let me call back the memory of the Hor.se to
i what occurs every session of Congress. All our
. appropriation bills go to the Senate, anu they
, hardly ever require amendment, and, indeed.*do
; not often admit of amendment; because those ap-
propriation bills are intended only to meet the
current expenses of the Government, lor the most
; part already ascertained bylaw; and generally,
' they are perfected, not only when they go ft«>m
the House, but almost perfected when tlu y conn-
to us from the Department, ns they are usmMy
! founded 011 the estimates. They_ require very
littlechange—perhaps only in reducing or
ing the amount of appropriation. But tin- Semite
; undertake to amend the bills. They ha\e huh
1 opportunity of amending them by legitimate alter-
ation; and therefore, theiraniendnienfs consist a!-
; most exclusively of additions or changes in exut-
| ing laws. Those bills usually go to the Senate
j near the close of the session, and they put  !i, to
1 the civil and diplomatic hill, fot instane< , perhaps
| eighty or one hundred amendments. The lull
I comes back to the House; and we, through cour-
