2700
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
wanted to understand. I wanted to know whether
there had been any cal! of the House. If you
please, I remained here last night until eleven
o'clock.
Mr. GARTRELL. I rise to a point of order
just here, if the gentleman will allow me to inter-
rupt him.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object.
Mr. GARTRELL. X have the right to make
. Jny point of order at any time.
Mr. LOVEJOY. i doubt whether it is proper
when a member is giving his excuse to theHouse.
Mr. GARTRELL. I make the point in all
good faith. I think that all the members of the
House ought to be here. 1 do not feel at liberty
to absent myself until the House regularly ad-
journs. My point of orderis this: that the order
under which the gentleman from Ohio has been
arrested, is an illegal order—an order not author-
ized by law or the rules of this House, and there-
fore that the gentleman is not amenable to any
penalty which you may propose to impose upon
liim. The 5th rule 
Mr. HICKMAN. I wish to remark, that if
the gentleman from Georgia proceeds now to dis-
cuss the question of order—to which I have no
objection—I desire to reply to his argument.
Mr. HOWARD, of Ohio. I desire to under-
stand the law under which I have been brought
here.
Mr. GARTRELL. I desire the Sergeatit-at-
Arms to produce the warrant under which the gen-
tleman from Ohio was arrested. I do not propose
to unnecessarily consume the time of the House.
Mr. HOWARD, of Ohio. I am entitled to the
floor, but I yield it to the gentleman from Georgia.
Mr. HINDMAN. I suggest to the gentleman
that he had better suspend this question of order
until all the members have been brought in.
Mr. GARTRELL. 1 am not speaking for the
sake of consuming the time of the House. The
rule is in these words:
" The Speaker shall examine and coriect the Journal be-
fore it is read. He -shall have a general dnection of the
Hall. He shall have a right to name any member to perform
the duties of the Chan, but such substitution shall not ex-
tend beyond an adjournment."
Further on, the 8th rule declares:
"All acts, addressee, and joint resolutions, shall be signed
by the Speakei; and all writs, warrants, and subpenas
issued by oider of the Houso, shall be under his hand and
seal, attested by the Clerk."
Now, my point of orderis this: that, under rule
5, the Speaker elected by the House of Repre-
sentatives has the right to appoint a person to
perform the ordinary duties of the chair; but
that the Speaker has no right to delegate to the
Speaker pro tnnpoie the power to sign his name,
for him and affix his seal; and that no warrantis
legal, in the hands of the Serjeant-at-Arms, unless
it is signed by the Speaker elected by the House,
with his seal thereto attached, and attested by
the Clerk of the House.
Now, I am informed that the warrant for the
arrest of the absentees is signed by the Speaker
pro tempore, the gentleman who now fills the Chair
so well. If it is signed in the name of the Speaker
elect, and if the seal of the Speaker elect is at-
tached to it, then I say that the Speaker pro tem-
pore had no authority to sign that name and at-
tach that seal; and, therefore,the warrant is void.
Mr. HICKMAN. As the gentleman has gone
into an argument on this point, 1 desire briefly to
reply. [Cries of " Question!"]
Mr. HINDMAN. The gentleman from Geor-
gia [Mr. Gartrell] did certainly make an argu-
ment; and it is nothing but fair and proper that
the gentleman from Pennsylvania should be per-
mitted to reply.
Mr. HICKMAN. The argument of the gen-
tleman from Georgia proceeds on the hypothesis
that there is but a single Speaker of the House,
and that he is the officer elected by the members
of the House. Now, sir, the officers of the House
are constituted by the rules of the House, and
these rules are the action of the House in the mat-
ter. These rules prescribe emphatically that the
Speaker elect may call into the chair another per-
son, who shall be Speaker pro tempore: that is, he
shall be Speaker for the time being, and shall
perform all the duties of the Chair. The moment
the Speaker elect leaves the chair, and calls to it
another person, a member of the House, that per-
son so called to the chair is clothed with all the
powers of the Speaker who retires from the chair;
and the rules of the House are most explicit on
that point, declaring that he shall—not perform a
single duty of the Chair, not that he shall perform
many of the duties of the Chair, not that he shall
perform most of the duties of the Chair, but that
lie shall perform all the duties of the Chair. Now,
there is no more important duty devolving on the
Speaker of the House than that duty which the
Speaker is at this time discharging.
He has callcd you, sir, into the chair, and has
clothed you with all the powers which he himself
possessed while he retained the chair; and there is
nothing m the rule, nothing in the logic of the rule,
that bears out the gentleman from Georgia in the
argument advanced here. It will be perceived at
once that, if his argument is worth anything, it
uproots this House; it tears it from its very foun-
dation; and the Constitution of the country does
mean exactly, when it says that the House shall
have the power to compel the attendance of absent
members, that a minority shall have that power.
If the rules, which are the workmanship of the
members of the House, do not mean what they
say, when they say that the Speaker, on leaving
the chair, shall clothe the Speaker pro tempore with
all the powers which he himself possesses, to dis-
charge all the duties incumbent on him as the pre-
siding officer of the House; if they do not mean
that he shall issue his warrant in such a case as
this, then it is in the power, at any moment, of
the Speaker and a majority of the House to up-
root the legislation of the country.
Mr. MAYNARJD. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. HICKMAN. Certainly.
Mr. MAYNARD I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania whether,in his opinion, the present
locum tenens of the chair would have the power
to sign pay-warrants, on which the Sergcant-at-
Arms would be authorized to pay a member?
Mr. HICKMAN. It is my deliberate opinion,
Mr. Speaker,^hat the Speaker pro tempore has not
merely the power of signing pay-warrants, but that
he has the power to sign bills, and to do each and
every act which the Speaker elect can possibly
perform.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. Will the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania allow me to make a single
remark in furtherance of that view of the ques-
tion; hot to discuss that branch of the question
which the gentleman is discussing so ably, but to
refer simply to one fact that will satisfy the gen-
tleman that his whole premise is wrong? What is
the offense for which the party accused is tried ?
Absence. What is the object of the process ?  To
bring him here. The authentication is the justi-
fication of the Sergeant-at-Arms. But if the Ser-
geant-at-Arms had no process at all, and if the
member were to come here of his own accord,
and surrender himself, the effect is the same. The
process is merely to bring him here, and if he is
brought here, even under an informal process,
still, after he gets here, he is subject to all the
penalties, just as if the process were entirely
formal.
Mr. HICKMAN. But there is another view
of this subject which would be evident to the mind
of every person who considers it for a moment.
The framers of the Constitution undoubtedly in-
tended, by the first clause of the fifth section of
the first article of the Constitution, that there
should not be a failure of legislation by reason of
the absence of members; and for that reason they
invested each House of Congress with the abso-
lute, uncontrollable power of compelling the at-
tendance of members, under any and all imagin-
able circumstances. Then, sir, in direct accord-
ance with that provision of the fundamental law,
comes the rule of the House which authorizes
the proceeding which we are now pursuing, to
compel that attendance contemplated by the Con-
stitution itself. It authorizes the issuing of the
warrant; and that there may be no failure of
means, in consequence of the Speaker leaving the
chair, the rules further provide that all the duties
devolving upon the Speaker shall be discharged
by the presiding officer for the time being. To me
it seems as clear a proposition as was ever sub-
mitted to the human mind.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. There is an-
other point which, if the gentleman will allow me,
I desire to present m regard to the informality
of fins proceeding. This party was arrested, not
by the Scrgeant-at-Armw, but by one of his dep-
uties. The House will recollect a proceeding in
point, which has taken place in the Senate during
the present session. The Senate, in investigating
into the affair at Harper's Ferry, directed the
Sergeant-at-Arms to take into custody a young
man by the name of Sanborn. A deputy was
sent to perform that duty. The case came up in
the Massachusetts courts, and they decided ihat
nobody could arrest Mr. Sanborn, under the au-
thority of the Senate, except the Sergeant-at-Arms
in person.
Mr. ASHLEY. In another State.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. That makes
no difference* Now, by looking over the rules
of the House, I do not see the authority given by
the Sergeant-at-Arms to appoint special messen-
gers or deputies. This party was arrested, as I
understand, by some person professing to act un-
der the authority of the Sergeant-at-Arms. *1 con-
ceive that, in addition to the question raised by
the gentleman from Georgia, the point I have now
presented would vitiate the legality of this arrest.
The Sergeant-at-Arms must serve this process,
as I understand it, in person.
Mr. HICKMAN. I desire to ask the gentle-
man a question, just at this point. Do I under-
stand him to say that, after the deputy Sergeant-
at-Arms has produced a member at the bar of
the House, and he is within the power of the
House, that it makes any difference, so far as the
question before us is concerned, whether he was
arrested by one person or by another? If this
party had denied the authority of the messenger,
and refused to come in obedience to his command,
that would have been another question.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. I understand
that Mr. Howard, who has been brought in here
under an alleged process of the House, makes the
point that he is not properly m custody? and the
question comes up, whetherhis arrest was strictly
according to law, and according to the Constitu-
tion or not? Suppose Mr. Howard should bring
an action for false imprisonment against the party
who arrested him: what is the protection of the
officer, if he acted under authority not properly
conferred upon him by the House, under its rules
or according to law ? I contend that he would be
liable to damages for false imprisonment. Now,
I submit to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, who
is chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary,
and to that extent the law officer of the House,
whether there is any rule of the House, or of law,
authorizing the Sergeant-at-Arms to depute any
other person to execute such a process? And
then I submit also this other question, whether
it is not the right of a member of Congress, as of
any other individual, to be free from arrest, ex-
cept in accordance with law? I submit that Mr.
Howard, who was at home, was entitled to re-
main there, unless brought here by some legal
process. Now, sir, I am disposed, as a member
of this House, to carry through this call; but I
want it to be done strictly in accordance with law.
I do not agree with my friend from Pennsylvania,
that when the House puts a warrant in the hands
of its Sergeant-at-Arms to bring an absent mem-
ber here, he has any right to break bars and bolts,
or that he has any authority to go further than a
legal officer could go in theexecution of any pro-
Mr. HUGHES. I should like to ask my col-
league a question.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I rise to a question of order.
There are other members here waiting, who have
been brought in, who have a right to have their
cases taken up and disposed of.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair sus-
tains the point of order. This discussion has cer-
tainly gone on beyond any legitimate extent; but
the Chair was disposed to indulge it as long as no
member objected. The Chair will decide the ques-
tionsof order; and first, that raised by the gentle-
man from Maryland, that the Sergeant-at-Arms
has no power to appoint special messengers to
compel the attendance of absent members. The
rule provides explicitly that special messengers
may be appointed to execute the order of the
House; and the Chair decides that the Sergeant-
at-Arms has power to appoint such special mes-
sengers.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. I apppal from
that decision.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will
first decide the point of order raised by the gen-
