I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
315
36th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
Property in Territories—Mr. Douglas.
Senate.
> samo doctrine was incorporated in the Kansas-
Nebraska hill, that it formed a compact of honor
between northern and southern men by which we
were all bound to stand. He gives a history of
the Kansas-Nebraska bill identical with the one
I gave to you yesterday, without knowing that
he had written such a letter. Mr. Stephens has
a right to speak as to the meaning of the Kansas-
Nebraska bill. No man in the House of Repre-
sentatives exerted more power and influence in
securing its passage than Alexander H.Stephens.
I ask that the whole of his letter, long as it is, be
read, for it covers the entire ground, and speaks in
the voice of patriotism, counseling the only course
that can preserve the Democratic party and per-
petuate the union of these States.
Mr. PUGH read, as follows:
Crawfordville, Georgia, May 9,1860.
Gentlemen : Your letter of the 5th instant was received
last night, and I promptly respond to your call as cleaily
and fully as a heavy press of business engagements will
permit. I shall endeavor to be no Jess pointed and explicit
than candid. You do nor, in my judgment, ovci-estimate
the importance of the question* now pressing upon the pub-
lic mind, growing out of the disruption of the Charleston
convention. While I was not gieatly bin priced at that re-
sult, considering the elements of itb composition. and the
general distemper of the times—still. I deeply regu>t it, and
with you, look With intense interest to the consequences.
What is done, cannot be undone or amended ; that must
leniam irrevocable. It would, therefore, be as useless, as
ungracious, to indulge in any reflections as to whose fault
theiupture was owing to. Perhaps, and most probably,
undue excitcmcnt and hcatof passkni, m pursuit of partic-
ular ends, connected with the elevation oi overtluow of
particular rivals tor preferment, more than any strong de-
fine, guided by cool judgment, so necessary on such occa-
sions to advance the public good, was the real cause of the
rupture. Be that a<< it may, however, what is now to be
done, and what is the proper eonise to be taken ? To my
mind, the course .-eem-. to be cleai.
A State convention should be called at an early day—and
that convention should consider the whole subject calmly
and dispassionately, with " the sober second thought,'" and
determine \\ hethei to send a repiesontution to Richmond
or to Baltimore. The correct determination of this ques-
tion, as I view if, will depend upon another; and that is,
whethui the doctrine of non-intervention by Congie«s wuh
slavery m the Territoues ought to bo adhered to oi aban-
doned by the South. This is a very grave and sei ions ques-
tion, and ought not to be decided rashly or intemperately.
No sucli small matters as the promotion of tins oi that in-
dividual, however woithy or unworthy, ought to enter into
its consideration. It is a great subject of public policy, af-
fecting the vast interests of the present and the future. It
may be unnecessary, and entirely useless, for me to obtiudc
my views upon this question iu advance of the meeting ol
such convention, upon whom its decision may primarily
devolve. I cannot, however, comply with youncqucst
without doing so to a limited extent, at least. This (shall
do. In the first place, then, I assume, as an unquestioned
and unquestionable tact, thai non-intervention, a« stated,
has been for many years icceived, recognized, and acted
upon, as the settled dot trine of the South. By non-inter-
vention. I mean the puneiple that Congress shall pa<s no
law upon the subject of slaveiy in the Territories, other
for or against it, m any way—that they shall not iritefere or
act upon it at all—or, in the express words of Mi. Calhoun,
the great southern leader, that Congress shall "leave the
whole subject where the Constitution and the great pnn-
ciples of sell-government place it." This lias been emi-
nently a southern doctrine. It was announced by Mr.
Calhoun m his speech m the Senate on the 27th of June,
1848; and, after two years of discussion, it was adopted as
the basis of the adjustment finally made in 1850. It was
the demand or the South, putlprth by the South, and, Mnce
its establishment, has been again and again affirmed and
reaffirmed as the settled policy of the South, hy party con-
ventions and State Legislatuies,- m eveiv foim that a
people can give authoritative expression to their will and
wishes. This cannot now be matter of dispute. It is his-
tory, as mdeliblv fixed upon the record as the fact that the
colony of Georgia was settled under the auspiccs of Ogle-
thoipe, or that the vvai of the American Revolution was
fought in resistance to the unjust claim of power on the
pan of the British Parliament.
I reter to this matter of history connected with the sub-
ject undei consideration, barely as a stalling point—to show
how we stand in relation to it. It is not a new question.
It has been up befoie, and whether rightly or wrongly, it
has been decided—decided and settled just as the South
asked that it should be—not, however, withoutgieat effort
and a prolonged struggle. The question now is: shall the
South abandon her own position m that decision and settle-
ment? This is the question virtually presented by the action
of the seceders from the Charleston convention, and the
grounds upon which they based their action; oi, stated in
othei wold-*, it amount^ to this, whether the southern States,
after all that lias taken place on the sunject, should now
reverse their previous course, and demand congressional
intervention for the protection oi slavery in theTcmtoiies,
as a condition of their remaining longerin the Union ? For
I take it foi granted that it would be considered by all as the
most mischievous tolly to make the demand, unless we in •
tend to push the issue to its ultimate and legitimate results.
Shall the Soufh, then, make this demand of Congress, and
when made, in case of failure to obtain it, shall she secede
from the Union, as a portion of her delegates (some under
instructions, and some from their own free will) seceded
from tiie convention, on their failure to get it granted there?
Thus stands the naked question, as 1 understand it, pre-
sented by the action of the seceders, in its full dimensions—
its length, breadth, and depth, in all its magnitude.
It is presented, not to the Democratic party alone; it is
true a convention of that paity may first act on it, but it is
presented to the country, to the whole people of the South,
of all parties. And men of all parties should duly and timely
consider it, for they may all have to take sides on it, sooner
or later.
It rises in impoitancc high above any partv organiza-
tion of the present day, and it may, and oughtto, if need
be, sweep them all from the board. My judgment is against
the demand. It it were a new question, presented in its
present light for the first time, my views upon it might he
diflerent trom what they arc. It is known to you and the
country that the policy of non-intervention, as established
at the instance of the South, was no favorite one of mine.
As to my position upon it, and the doctrinc now revived,
when they were original and open question**, as well as my
present views, I will cite you to an extiactot a speech made
by me in Augusta, in July last, on taking final leave of my
constituents. I could not restate them more cleaily .or
more buefly. In speaking of, and reviewing this matter, I
then said:
"And, as you all know, it [non-intervention] came short
of what I wished. It was, in my view, not tlfc lull meas-
ure of our rights—that required, m my judgment, the en
aetment by Congress of all needful laws for the piotcction
of slave property in the Territories, so long as the territo-
nal condition lasted.
" Hut an overwhelming majority of the South was against
that position, it was said that we who maintained it yielded
the whole question by yielding the junsdiction j and that,
if we conceded the power to protect, wc neccssauly con-
ceded with it the power to prohibit. This by no means
followed, iu my judgment. But such was the prevailing
opinion. And it was not until it was well ascertained that
a laige majority of the South would not ask for, or even
vote for, congressional protection, that tho e of us who were
for it yielded to non-intervention, because, though it eanu
short of our wishes, yet, it contained no sacufice of prin-
ciple, had nothing aggressive in it, and seemed, for all prac-
tical purposes, what was wanted, that is, the unrestricted
right of expansion over the common public domain, as in-
clination, convenience, oi necessity, may rcquue on the
paitof our people." **-***•
" Thus the settlement was made; thin the iccord stands,
and by it I am still willing to stand, as it was fully up to
the demands of the South, through her icpreseiitaiives at
the time, though not up to my own; and as, by it, the right
of expansion to the extent of population and capacity is
amply secured."
In this you clearly perceive what I thmk of the pioper
couisc nowto be taken on the same subject While in the
beginning of this controversy I was not favorable to the
policy adopted, yet I finally yielded friy assent. It was
yielded to the South—to the ptevaihng sentiment of my
own section. But it nevci would have been yielded if I
had seen that any of our important right', or any piinciple
essential to our safety or security, could, by possibility,
lesult trom ite operation. Nor would I now be willing to'
abide by it, if I saw in its practical woikings any serious
injury to the South likely to arise from it. All parties in
the South, after the settlement was made, gave it the sane
tion of their acquiescence, if not coidial approval. What,
then, 1ms oeeurred since to cause us to change our position
in ielation to it? Is it that those of the North who stood
by us m the snuggle hom 1M8 to ISuO.did afterwards stand
nobly by us in 1851, in taking off the old congiessional re-
striction of 18*20, so as to have complete non-intervention
throughout the length and breadth of the common public
domain? YVa^ this hotoism on their part, in adhering to
principle, at the hazard and peril of fhe.i political lives and
fortunes, the cause of present complaint? 'This cannotbe;
for never was an act of Congress so generally and &o unan-
imously hailed with delight at the South as this one was—
I mean the Kansas-Nebiaska act of 18M? Itwasnot only
indorsed by all parties m Georgia, but every one who did
not agiee to Us just piovisions upon the subject of slavery
was declared to be unfitto hold patty associations with any
party not hostile to the interests of the South. What, then,
is the cause of complaint now? Wherein has this policy
woikcd any injury to the South, or wherein is it likely to
woik aiiy ?
The only cause of complaint T have heaid is, that non-
intervention,^ established m 1850, and earned out in lbo J,
is not understood at the North as it is at the South ; that,
while we hold that, iu leaving " the whole subject wher<$|
the Constitution and the great principles ol sell-government
place it," the common Tcintorics are to icmain open foi
settlement by southern people, with their slaves, until oth
erwise provided by a State constitution. The friends and
supportets of the same doctrine at the North maintain thai,
undei it, the people of nn organized Territory can protect
or exclude slave property before the formation of a State
constitution. This opinion or constitution of theirs is
what is commonly dubbed " «quattcr sovereignty." Upon
this point of difference in construction of what are "the
great principles of self-government,"undei the Constitution
of the United Slates, a great deal has been said and wi it-
ten. We have heard it in the social circle, in the forum,
on the hustings, and in the halls of legislation. The news-
papeis have literally gtoancd with dissertations on it. Pam-
phlets have been published for and against the respective
sides. Congiess has spent months nuts discussion, and
may spend as many years as they have months, without
arriving at any moie definite or satisfactory conclusion in
relation to it than Milton's peiplexed spirits did upon the
abstruse questions on which they held such high and pro-
longed debate when they icasoned
"Of Providence, foreknowledge, will, and fate—
Fixed fate, free will, foreknowledge, absolute—
And found no end, m wandering mazes lost."
It is not my purpose now to enter the list of these dis-
putants. My own opinions upon the subject are known;
and it is equally known that this difference of opinion,or
construction, is no new tiling in the history of tills subject-.
Those who hold the doctrine that the people of the Terri-
tories, according to the great principles of self-government,
under the Constitution of the United States, can exclude
slavery by territorial law, and regulate slave property as all
other property, held the "same viewsthey now do, when we
agreed with them to stand on those terms. This fact is also
historical. The South held, that under the Constitution the
Territorial Legislatures could not exclude slavery—that this
required an act of sovereignty to do. Some gentlemen of tbe
North held,as theynow do,thatthe Territorial Legislatures
could control slave property as absolutely as they could any
other kind of property, and by a system of laws could vir-
tually exclude slavery from amongst them, or prevent its
introduction, if they chose. ♦
That point of difference it was agreed, by both sides, to
leave to the courts to settle. There was nocheat, or swin-
dle, or fraud, or double dealing in it. It was a fair, honor-
able, and constitutional adjustment of the difference. No
asseition or declaration by Congress, one way or tbe other,
could,haveaffected the question in the least degree; for
if the people, accordingto "the groat principlesof self-gov-
ernment" under the Constitution, have the right contended
for by those who espouse that «ide of the argument, then
Congress could not and cannot deprive them of it. And if
Congress did not have, or does not have, the power to ex-
clude slavery from a Territory, as those on our side eon-
tended and still contend they have not, then they could not
and did not confer it upon the Territorial Legislatures. Wc
of the South held that Congress had not the powei to ex-
clude, and could not delegate a power they did not possess
—also, that the people had not the power to exclude under
the Constitution, and therefore the mutual agieement was
to take the subject out of Congress, and leave tlie.question
of the power of the people where the Constitution had
placed it—with the courts. This is the whole of it. The
question m dispute is a judicial one, and no act of Con-
gress, nor any resolution of any party convention, can in
any way affect it, unless we first abandon the position of
non-intervention by Congress.
But it seems exceedingly strange to me, that the people
of the South should, at this late day, begin to find fault with
this northern consuuction, as it is termed—especially since
the decision of the Supreme Court in the case ot Drek Sr-ott.
In this connection I may be permitted to say that I have
read with deep interest the debates of the Charleston con-
vention, and paiticulaily the able, logical, and eloquent
speech of Hon. William L. Yancey, of Alabama. It was,
decidedly, the strongest argument I have seen on his side
of the question. But it* greatest power was shown in Its
complete answer to itself. Never did a man with greater
clearness demonstrate that "squattei sovereignty," the bug-
bear of the day, is not m the Kansas bill, nil that lias been
said to the contraiy notwithstanding. This he put beyond
the power of lefutation. But he stopped not there; he
went on, and hy reference to the decision of the Supreme
Court alluded to,he showed conclusively, tn a most pointed
and thrilling climax, that this most frightful doctrine could
not, by possibility, be in it, or in any other territorial bill—
that it is a constitutional impossibility. With the same
mastei-hand ho showed that the doctrine ofsquatter sov-
ereignty" is not in the Cincinnati platform; then, why
should we of the South now complain of non-tntcrvention,
oi ask a change of platform?
What i'l-e have we to do but to insist upon our allies to
stand to their agreement.'' Would it not have been much
morenatuial to look for flinching on their side than on ours?
Why should wc desire or want any other platform of prin-
ciple* than that adopted at Cincinnati? If those who stood
with us on it, in the contest of ]85G.arc willing still to stand
on it, why should we not be equally willing? For my life
I cannot see, unless we aie determined to have a quarrel
with the North anyhow on general account. If so, in be-
half of common sense, let us put it upon more tenable
grounds 1 These arc abundant. For our own character's
sake, let us make it upon the aggressive acts of our enemies,
rather than any supposed shortcomings of our fnends, who
have stood by us so steadfastly m so many constitutional
stiuggle^. In the name of patriotism and honor, lot u*j not
make it upon a point which may so dncctly subject us to
the charge ot breach of plighted faith. Whatever may be-
fall us, let us ever be found, by friend or foe, as good as our
word. These arc my views J'rankly and earnestly given.
The great question then is, shall we stand by our prin-
ciples, oi shall we, cutting loose from onrmooiirigs, wlieie
we have been safely anchored so many years, launch out
again into unknown seas, upon new and peiilous adven-
ture, under the guide and pilotage of those wlio prove
themselves to have no inoro fixedness of purpose, or sta-
bility as to objects or policy, than the shifting winds by
which we shall be duven? Let this question be decided
bv the convention, and dccidcd with that wisdom, cool-
ness, and forecast which become statesmen and patiiots.
As for myself, I can say, whatever in ay be the course of
future events, my judgment in this crisis" is, that we should
stand by ourprmciples " through woe" as well a  u through
weal," and maintain them in good faith, now and always,
if need be, until they, wc, and the Republic, peiish together
in a common ruin. I see no injury that can po^siblj arise
to u* from them—not even if the constitutional impossi-
bility of their containing "squatter sovereignty1-did not
exist, as has been conclusively demonstrated. For, if it
did cxictin them, and wore all that its most ardent advo-
cates claim for it, no serious practical danger fo us could
result from it.
Even according to their doctrine, we have the unre-
stricted right of expansion to the extent of population. They
hold that slaveiy can and will go, under its operation,
wherever the people want it. Squatters carried it to Ten-
nessee, Kentucky, Missouri, Alabama, Mississippi, and
Arkansas, without any law to protect it, and to Texas
against a law prohibiting it, and they will cairy it to ali
countiics wheie climate, soil, production, and population
will allow. These are the natuial laws that will regulate
it under non-intervention, according to their construction;
and no act of Congress can carry it into any Territory
