2702
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6.
to go back and inquire what I was brought here
for.
Mr, I UCKMAN. The only duty required of
the Chair is to propound the proper question to
the member brought in, and to give him an op-
portunity to make his excuse. The Chair cannot
compel a member to give an excuse. Now, the
gentleman from Ohio has had an opportunity to
make an excuse, and he has failed to make it; and
therefore I now move that he be discharged from
custody upon the payment of the usual fees.
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 move to amend, and that
he be fined ten dollars. We ought to show that
we cannot be treated with contempt.
Mr. HOWARD, ofOhio. The gentleman says
I am treating the House with contempt, upon ask-
ing a plain question, in order to ascertain why
this thing has been done. 1 wantto know all about
it, and I have a right to know.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair would
state to the gentleman from Ohio, that he has been
absent from the sittings of the House. The
33d rule of the House says no member shall be
absent from the service of the House unless he
have leave, or be sick and unable to attend. The
gentleman having been absent without leave, the
House ordered the Speaker pro tempore to sign a
warrant for his anest. The gentleman was ar-
rested under that process and brought here, and
the Chair has propounded the usual interrogatory;
and now iT the gentleman from Oiiio does not
respond to the interrogatory, the Chair will en-
tertain the motion of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania.
Mr. HOWARD, of Ohio. One further ques-
tion 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair can-
not entertain another question.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I insist upon my motion.
Mr. HOWARD, of Ohio. If that is the case,
I will go on with my excuse, but I wanted first to
understand my case; for every man who is ac-
cused has a right to know what the charge is, and
to know what the law is.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from Ohio has waived his right to render an ex-
cuse, the Chair having given him three opportuni-
ties to do so.
Mr. HICKMAN. I move that he be discharged
upon the payment of the ordinary fees.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move to amend by making
it fifty dollars', and I call for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. MAYNARD. I wish the gentleman from
Illinois would show me the authority by which we
have a right to impose a fine of fifty dollars.
Mr. HICKMAN. Before the motion is put, I
wish to call the attention of the House to the
63d rule.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I called the previous ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The motion of
the gentleman from Illinois, to impose a fine of
fifty dollars, is not m order, the rule being that
when a member is discharged from custody, the
House shall decide whether he shall be discharged
with or without paying the fees. Therefore, the
amendment is not m order.
Mr. HICKMAN. I call the attention of the
Chair and of the House to the 36th rule, and to
its peculiar language. It will then appear how
futile would be the excuse the gentleman pro-
poses to make, but which he has not really made
as yet. The rule is as follows:
" Upon the call of the Mouse, the names of the members
shall be called over by the Cleik,and the absentees noted;
after which the names of the absentees alml! again be railed
over; the doors shall then be shut, and those (or whom no
excuse, or insufficient excuses aie made may, by oidcr of
those present, if fifteen m number, be taken into custody as
they appear, or may be sent for and taken into custody,
wheievci to be found, by special messengers to be appointed
for that purpose."
Now, I contend that it makes no difference how
a member gets into the Hall, whether he comes
in voluntarily, or whether lie is brought in by a
person deputed by the Chair, under the authority
of the House, or by the Sergeant-at-Arms. The
fact that he is here, and that he has been absent
without the consent of the House, is all the House
wants to know before it proceeds to pass its judg-
ment upon the case. We might just as well un-
dertake to inquire-——
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I rise to a point of order.
The Speaker has already decided the question
the gentleman is arguing, exactly as he is contend-
ing for it. Now, I do not want unnecessary ar-
gument here, for I want to get through with this
thing.
Mr. HICKMAN. I am arguing the resolution
I offered.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The gentleman has no
right to argue it.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The point of
order of the gentleman from Georgia is well taken.
Mr. HICKMAN. All I proposed to say was—
and 1 think my remark is perfectly competent in
this connection—that no excuse of that kind will
be available to the person brought in; and, there-
fore, my resolution is perfectly proper in its bear-
ing on the gentleman now before the House.
Mr. HILL. I rise to ask a question of the
Chair.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I call the gentleman
from Georgia to order. He has no right to speak.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the gentleman
from Georgia under arrest?
Mr. HILL. No, sir.
Mr. SPINNER. I desire to ask the gentleman
whether he answered to his name when the roll
was called.
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker  -*
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair can-
not recognize the gentleman from Georgia if he
was not present when the roll was called.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to know what the
pending question is.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The motion of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, to discharge
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Howard] on the
payment of fees. If the gentleman from Georgia
[Mr. Hill] was not within the Hall when the
roll was called, he cannot be recognized by the
Chair.
Mr. HILL. I have not been arrested by the
Sergeant-at-Arms, and I presume that if I was in
the cloak-room 1 was within the bar of the House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. If the gentleman
from Georgia was outside of the bar of the House,
without the consent of the House, at the time of
the call of the roll, he is not in order, and cannot
be heard now.
Mr. HILL. I do not want to speak in exten-
uation of my own conduct, but in extenuation of
the conduct of another peison.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. When the proper
time comes the gentleman may speak, but he can-
not speak now.
Mr. HOWARD, of Ohio. I was here all day,
Mr. Speaker, until late at night. There is one of my
constituents in town who is to leave by the morn-
ing train, and whom I wished to see, and have a
conversation with, before he went. That was
what took me out of the Hall.
The question was taken on the motion to excuse
Mr. Howard, ofOhio, on payment of fees; and
it was agreed to.
The Sergeant-at-Arms appeared at the bar of
the House and announced that, in obedience to
the order of the House, he had now in custody
Messrs. Lbacii of North Carolina, John Coch-
rane, and others.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Hill, you
have been absent from the House without the leave
of the House. What excuse have you to render
for your absence ?
Mr. HILL. Not till this moment was I aware
that I was under arrest. I certainly have not seen
the Sergeant-at-Arms to-night, though I may have
seen one of his messengers. But I will say this:
thinking the House was going to have a pro-
tracted session, but hearing there was to be no
serious business done, I went home. Afterwards
I met with a gentleman who told me that the House
was in session. I looked up and saw by the light
that it was so. I then walked up in this direction,
having curiosity enough to wish to see what was
being done. In coming here, I met with a gen-
tleman who said he was going to my house after
me. Who he was I do not know. He certainly
was not the Sergeant-at-Arms. He never arrested
me, nor T him. [Laughter.] I came to the House
voluntarily, out of my respect to the body, to sec
what was to be done; for, if there was anything
which required my presence, I was willing to be
here. I have come under the circumstances, with-
out evasion of any kind. I could render, perhaps,
a particular excuse, but I will not do it. This is
the first time that I have been caught.
Mr. CURTIS. I move that the gentleman
from Geereia be excused on payment of fees.
Mr. HILL. I hope that none of my colleagues
will be caught in a worse fix. [Laughter.]
The question was taken ou Mr. Curtis's mo-
tion; and it was agreed to.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Stanton,
you have been absent from the House without
the leave of the House. What excuse have you to
render for your absence?
Mr. STANTON. I am not in custody, sir.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Sergeant-at-
Arms has reported the name of Mr. Stanton on
his list.
Mr. STANTON. He lias no warrant or au-
thority.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The rules pro-
vide for calls of the House, and direct that after
the call the doors shall be shut, and those for
whom nocxcuse is offered may, by order of those
present, if fifteen in number, be taken into cus-
tody as they appear, or maybe sent for and taken
into custody by special messengers to be ap-
pointed for that purpose.
Mr. STANTON. I do not regard myself as
being in custody at all. I do not recognize the
authority of any gentleman not elected to the
office of Speaker to sign any warrant in that ca-
pacity.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I make the point of order
that no remarks on the part of the gentleman are
in order, except to give an excuse for being absent.
Mr. STANTON. I have a right to say that I
am not in custody.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is but right to
state to the gentleman from Ohio, that that point
was raised and debated,and decided by the Chair;
and that an appeal was taken, and the decision
of the Chair sustained almost unanimously.
Mr. STANTON. The point 1 would raise in
the case suggested is, whether less than a quorum
can decide an appeal.
Mr. LOVEJOY. No remarks are in order
from the gentleman from Ohio, except to give an
excuse for his absence. I hope the House will
sustain its dignity, and insist on this proceeding
being something else than a farce.
Mr. HUGHES. I rise to a point of order.
Mr. LOVEJOY. My point of order must be
decided first.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The remarks of
the gentleman from Ohio must be confined to
making an excuse for his absence.
Mr. HUGHES. I want to know whether the
gentleman from Ohio pleads to the jurisdiction of
the House. I want to know whether he under-
takes to question the power of the Speaker pro
tempore issuing a warrant, and bringing him here.
I want to know whether he is in contumacy or
not, when ho undertakes to question the power of
the House to bring him here, being derelict to
duty? It is a high and important duty to decide
the power of the House; and that is involved in
the present question.
Mr. CURTIS. I rise to a point of order. The
gentleman who is in custody at the bar of the
House can answer no interrogatories except those
that are propounded by the Speaker." I hope,
therefore, that the gentleman from Maryland will
defer questions of that kind.
Mr. HUGHES. Of course I would not put
such questions, but that the gentleman from Ohio
has put other questions.
Mr. CURTIS. It is not competent for him to
put questions, or for my friend from Maryland to
put questions either.
Mr. HUGHES. Certainly not; but the gen-
tleman from Ohio has undertaken to interrogate
the Chair.
Mr. HOWARD, of Ohio. What I want to
understand is, is there no defense to a case of this
kind ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The rules estab-
lished by the House require certain questions to
be asked in such cases.
Mr. STANTON. I am ready to answer when-
ever I get leave.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from Ohio has the floor.
Mr. STANTON. But everybody else seems
to have it likewise. I remained here m attend-
ance on the session of the House so long as the
House sets ordinarily. Then the House went
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
