738
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
collected would be a million or eighteen hundred
thousand dollars. I have no idea of any such
thing; but even if it wore true, is that a cost to
the Government ? Will the Government save
$1,800,000, if the franking privilege be abolished ?
If the difference can be ascertained between what
is paid now, and what will be paid then, for the
transportation of the mails, it will be found to be
infinitely small. If it is to be paid, tell me who
are to pay that $1,800,000? Are we to pay it?
Are the three hundred members of the Senate and
the House to pay it from their private purses ? Is
that expected? No man, sir, dreams of any such
thing. Then it is not expected that we shall make
up this deficiency of §1,800,000. One or the other
result must follow the abolition of the franking
privilege: if the arguments I have heard be true,
either this large amount of documents and speeches
will not continue to go through the mails, and there-
fore the Government will not get the §1,800,000
in postages; or it will continue to go, and mem-
bers of Congress mustpay this immense amount of
money themselves, which it is ridiculous to sup-
pose.
I know, sir, that there is an esprit de coi~ps in the
Departments; and that those who have charge of
them desire to make it appear that they are con-
ducting them with admirable economy and adroit-
ness. A Postmaster General may be pardoned
for desiring to pay the expenses of his Depart-
ment out of its revenues. Now, we are not legis-
lating for the convenience, or to promote the offi-
cial pride, of executive dignitaries. Wo are to
legislate for the advantage of the American peo-
■ pie; and the question is, whether we are to change
a system, by which the people govern themselves
upon a full knowledge of the acts of their rulers,
or whether we are to concur in this self-named
reform, the effect of which will be, immediately,
to elevate the newspapers of the country into a
fourth estate ? Most of our intelligence is now
transmitted, not only by the mails, but by the
telegraph. Mistakes very frequently occur. Since
the commencement of this session, humble as I
am, I have seen my own position, my own votes,
and my own remarks, perverted and misrepre-
sented in the papers throughout (he country. I
do not believe that it has been done intentionally,
but that those misstatements were the result of
errors of the telegraph. Now, it would be ahso- i
lutely impossible to correct these errors, if you |
cutoff the communication between the people and !
their Representatives, by which the latter would
be enabled to give them official and accurate re- j
ports of the proceedings in this House. I say
that it would change the whole character of our
institutions. It would impair the right the peo-
ple now have of governing themselves; it would
diminish their opportunities of forming an en-
lightened opinion, and of causing that enlightened
opinion to be felt and respected by theiragents here. !
Mr. COBB. Mr. Chairman, I do not intend
to detain the committee at any great length. At
the earliest stage of the session I wish to indicate
to this House and to the country the couise 1 j
shall pursue during my stay in Congress. I will ;
never stickle for precedent or etiquette, but I will
inquire whether the measure upon which I am
required to act is right or wrong; and if it is riijht
I will vote for it, and if it is wrong I will vote '
against it. I inquire whether the amendment of ]
the Senate now before us will or will not tend to !
economy in the public expenditures, and I am told j
that it will; and of course, then, I will rote for it, j
outside of what etiquette demands on our part, I
the Senate having tacked it upon this general ap- !
propriation bill. Not only will I sustain the j
amendment of the Senate by niy vote, but I will \
sustain it in a few words of remark. And, in all ;
probability, as the second amendment, which will
be disagreed to, will be that referring to the abo- j
iition ot the franking privilege, I will avail myself;
of this opportunity to allude to that matter also. !
It is stated by the distinguished gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Phelps]—and that information, I i
understand, comes from the Post Office Depart-'
ment—that by adopting the proposed amendment
seventy per cent, can be saved. Now, shall we
as sensible men, get up a quarrel with the Senate
. on a matter of technicality, and reffise to consum-
mate a reform which the country requires, and
which will save a large amount to the Treas'urv >
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair begs leave to
remind the committee that no gentleman can in-
terruptanother except for a personal explanation,
and that then he should address his remarks to
the Chair.
Mr. COBB. I am satisfied that the gentleman
has no personal explanation to make.
Mr. MAYNARD. I addressed myself to the
Chair in the first instance. I wish to inquire if
I understood the gentleman's position to be that,
by the abolition of the franking privilege, there
would be a saving of seventy per cent, in the ex-
penses of the Post Office Department?
Mr. COBB. No, sir; only in the printing of the
Post Office blanks.
Now, who, m this House,is going to throw him-
self upon his legislative dignity, and say that, be-
cause the Senate has attached such an amendment
to this bill, they will not sustain it? Where is the
individual in this House who would do that?
I think I shall have to raise a question of order
upon the Chair. It is just as much the duty of
the Chair to listen to a gentleman's remarks, as it
is for gentlemen to address their remarks to the
Chair. [Laughter.] Therefore, I insist upon the
attention of the Chair; and more particularly, be-
cause this Post Office matter is rather a delicate
subject to the Chair, [laughter,] and we are en-
deavoring to relieve the country from the difficul-
ties which the country say was brought about by
your action. [Laughter.] I know that the fault
was yours in the first instance, though others af-
terwards assumed a share of the responsibility,
and I am willing they should bear their portion of
the blame. [Laughter.]
Now, sir, I have said enough in reference to
this Post Office blank matter. When it is asserted
here, and not contradicted, that the adoption of
this amendment will save seventy per cent, upon
the. cost of printing those blanks——
Mr FLORENCE. I apprehend there is some
mistake about that matter. I have no doubt that
thii ty per cent, would be saved. I think that the
whole subject of this Post Office blank business is
not quite understood by the House. I suggested
to the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Phelps,]
when he was 1110king his remarks, that there was
a probability that about thirty per cent, could be
saved in the printing of these Post Office blanks,
if given out by contract to the lowest bidder. 1
do not mean to say that I am in favor of giving
out anything to low bidders. And I take this
occasion to repeat, that I am opposed to the con-
tract system, and 
Air. GOBI'. I must resume my remarks. I
know the facility the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia has in getting the floor, and of speaking after
he has got it. *
Mr. FLORENCE, i onlv wished to correct
i the ^ontJomait.
Mr. COBB. I could not talk the gentleman
down if I should undeifake to do so; and 1 must,
therpfore,ap]K'<ii to the Chair to sustain my rights.
Mr, FLOREiN CE. Oh ! I do not wish to"con-
sume the time of the gentleman.
Mr. COBB. The gentleman says there will
not be a saving of seventy per cent., but only of
thirty per cent.; and if thirty per cent, can be
saved, shall we not save it?
_ Now, a word as to the operation of the frank-
ing privilege. My worthy and distinguished
friend from Virginia [Mr. Millson] advocated
the continuance of that privilege. My experience,
so far as myself, and, indeed, so far as my con-
stituents are concerned, satisfies me that the'priv-
iiege ought to be abolished. My twelve years'
experience Iios taught me, very conclusively, that
by the priyik ge we have of sending books to dif-
ferent portions of the country under our franks,
we are often induced to piint a great deal of matter
which we do rot scrutinize; and, I may say to
the new members of this House, to the country,
and especially to the people of the sixth congres-
sional district of Alabama, that a great deal of the
printed matter which I have received under my
privilege, as a member of this House during the
last twelve years, has not been worth the paper it
was printed upon.
I am aware that much good comes through the
channel of public printing, but it does not coun-
terbalance the evil, in my opinion, which it in-
fiicts upon the country. Then, what course shall
we pursue ? Do we expect to furnish every con-
stituent of ours with a document published by
Congress? If not, then the system is an imper-
fect and unequal one, and you should so modify
it that every member shall have something printed
by the Government of the United States to placc
in the hands of every constituent, or else you
should restrict it to what is necessary for mem-
bers m their legislative capacity, and for the other
branches of the Government. How many Patent
Office reports does each gentleman receive? A
small number, indeed, compared with the number
of our constituents. In the hands of how many
of your constituents can you place documents?
Perhaps not one out of fifty. You, then, have to
discriminate, and,in doing so, let me consider how
it will affect the members who have to make such
discrimination. The distribution of these docu-
ments involves a great amount of labor; but we
care not for that, for we all are willing to labor for
our constituents.
But when you have made your discrimination
in the distribution, in all probability you incur
the displeasure of ten, where you gain the favor
of one. This being the case, it would be better
that you should print enough for all, or only
enough for yourselves; and if you abolish the
franking privilege, you will probably not print
many, and you will save a large amount of money
annually. I have said that much of this matter
is not worth the paper that it is printed on; but if
you will spend money in that way, you would do
more good by printing the Bible, or a spelling
book, or something of that kind. I am opposed
to the whole system. I believe that this Govern-
ment ought to abolish the franking privilege, and
thereby save the expense that necessarily follows.
That is all. I am sure there is no member m this
House—certainly not—that has ever violated the
franking privilege. Oh, no, not one; because most
of us are old and experienced, and look out for
ourselves; while the young ones have had no op-
portunity, and if they have had, they have not
improved it. If there is one who has violated it,
as my friend suggests, let him now rise and make
it known. [Laughter.]
But I will tell you what I have seen. In the
course of my rambles through the city, I have seen
large packages of envelopes franked, but contain-
ing 110 thing at all in them, and I have seen them in
the possession of other persons. From whence
they came I do not know, nor do I care. Is not
that an abuse ? But if you abolish the franking
privilege there can be no such abuse. Look at
the revenues received at the post office in this city
during a session of Congress, and compare them
with a similar period when Congress is not in
session, and what is the result ? Why, sir, it may
be that members of Congress do not lend their
franks to their friends in the city of Washington.
Oh, 110; certainly not; but it is enough for me to
know that I pledged my constituents that I would
endeavor to secure the aboht.on of tile frank-iig
privilege, and the consequent saving of the cx°-
penditures of the Govermw lit, to the extent of my
ability. But the committee need not fear that I
shall extend that ability very far in my remarks
011 this occasion. I give notice, however, that I
intend, if this amendment does not become a law,
to introduce a bill at the earliest moment ill my
power, to abolish the franking privilege. Gen-
tlemen say this should be done by independent
legislation. I, myself, would prefer to see it ac-
complished in that manner; but you, Mr. Chair-
man, know the difficulties in the way of passing
an independent bill through this House for the
accomplishment of such an object; that it must
be ruferr'-d to the Committee 011 the Post Office
and Post Roads; that it must then be referred to
tlie Committee of the Whole 011 the state of the
Union, where it will never be reached. Now,
sir, gentlemen object to this amendment because
it comes from the Senate. Why, sir, let a meas-
ure come from where it will, much more from the
Senate of the United States, if it was right, I would
not oppose it.
Now, Mr. Chairman, we have this measure
before us, and I intend to vote for it. I would
like to comment much more upon the abuses of
the franking privilege, but I shall not detain the
committee longer at this time. I have indicated
my purpose to support this proposition, as 1 will
every other measure of reform, come just as it
may. I am for reforming the abuses of this Gov-
ernment, and will vote for any proposition to ac-
complish that object, come in what shape it may
