1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1759
Mr. BARKSDALE. I hope, by general con-
sent, there may be a call of the House. [Cries
of " No, 110!"] Then I move that the House do
now adjourn; and upon that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
Mr. SHERMAN. It was the understanding,
when we wentinto committee,thatattwo o'clock
we would come out of committee and take a vote
upon the resolution, without delay.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I only desire that gentle-
men may have an opportunity to come in, and be
here when the vote is taken.
Mr. STANTON. It was understood upon all
hands, that a vote should be taken without a call
of the House.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I think nothing was said
about a call of the House. I certainly have no dis-
position to interfere with any arrangement which
was made.
Mr. BONHAM. I agree with the gentleman
from Mississippi, in thinking that nothing was
said about a call of the House. We were to take
a vote; but the result of postponing the vote is,
that the House is not as full now as it was when
the vote was postponed.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would suggest that we
should allow gentlemen an opportunity to come
in.
A call of the House was ordered; and thereupon,
the roll being called, the following named mem-
bers failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. Boteler, Brings, Burroughs, Clemens, Clopton,
Claik B.Cochrane,Cox, Davidson,John G. Davis,Reuben
Davis, DeJamette, Ely, FarnsworUi, Fenton, Ferry, Foukc,
Garnett, Graham, Grow, Hall, Haskin, Hindman, Jackson,
Killmger, Lamar, Elbert S. Martin, Millward, Montgomery,
Nixon, Peyton. Reynolds, Sickles, James A. Stewart, Wil-
liam Stewart, Train, Underwood, Van Wyck,Vance,Wade,
Etlihu B. Washbuine, Wluteley, Wilson, Wood, Wood-
ruff, and Wright.
During the call,
Mr. STRATTON stated that Mr. Nixon had
paired off with Mr. Whiteley.
Mr. McPHERSON stated that Mr. ICillinger
was paired off with Mr. Wright.
Mr. EDGERTON stated thatMr. Carter was
paired off with Mr. Cox.
Mr. MAYNARD stated that he had paired off
upon this question with Mr. Vance, who was
temporarily absent; that he [Mr, Maynard] was
in favor of the resolution, and Mr. Vance op-
posed to it.
Mr. BURCH said; I am paired off with Mr.
Potter'upon all questions, from Thursday the
19th of April, until the 1st of May, excepting the
Pacific railroad and the Pacific telegraph bills.
On those two subjects I am paired off with Mr.
Houston. On and after the 1st of May and till
the 4th of May, I am paired off with Mr. Potter
upon all political subjects.
Mr. dUARLES stated that Mr. Hindman was
called away in consequence of siekness in his
family.
Mr. ICELLOGG, of Illinois, stated that Mr.
Wasiibiirne, of Illinois, was unable to be pres-
ent on account of severe indisposition.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move that all further pro-
ceedings under the call be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs
upon the adoption of the resolution of the gentle-
man from South Carolina. 1 .
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. X would inquire
whether the resolution is susceptible of division ?
The SPEAKER. The preamble to the resolu-
tion will be voted upon separately from the reso-
lution. ,
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I would like to hear
the resolution read.
The resolution was read.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I believe we already
have an order for the removal of the benches fiom
the Hall. . . . . ,
The SPEAKER. That order is recited in tne
preamble to the resolution.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I submit whether
it is in order, when that resolution is in full torce,
to adopt a resolution of a similar charactei, oi a
preamble covering the same subject ? The object
of this adjournment is, in my judgment, to enable
members of Congress to attend a political conven-
tion, and not for the purpose of removing these
benches. That being the object, I solemnly pro-
test against it.
Mr. BONHAM. The House has, by a reso-
lution, orcjered the benches to be removed. Debate
is out of order.
Mr. BRANCH. As I understand it, there will
be a separate vote upon the preamble. Then those
who are opposed to the removal of the benches,
will, by voting down the preamble, give the super-
intendent of the Capitol'cxtension, an intimation
that the House does not wish to have the benches
removed. I hope it will be voted down.
Mr. BONHAM. I object to any further debate.
Mr.STANTON. If this debate is to be allowed
I want a hand in it.
Mr. FLORENCE. I want to say a word or
two also. I think the safety of the country de-
pends upon the action of the national political
convention. I think it is a high and worthy pur-
pose for which we propose to adjourn.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. The people have
appointed delegates to attend to that matter, and
it is not my concern, or the gentleman's, and, as
members of Congress, we have nothing to do
with it.
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to a point of order.
While I acknowledge the rule that it is usual to
separate a resolution from the preamble, yet that
rule is controlled by circumstances. In this case
the preamble is a substantial part of the resolu-
tion, because of a reference, m the resolution, to
the facts cited in the preamble; and if you sepa-
rate them, the resolution, by itself, has no sense in
it. It then has no point in it, and fails of the pur-
pose for which it was intended.
The SPEAKER. That will be a subject for
the consideration of the House when they come
to vote. The remark is very true, that the reso-
lution itself would not make sense unconnected
with the preamble. The House will determine
that matter by their vote.
Mr. SHERMAN. I rise to a privileged mo-
tion. I move to lay this whole subject upon the
table.
Mr. BONHAM. That motion is not in order.
It was submitted yesterday.
Mr. ASIIMORE. The previous question has
been seconded atid the main question ordered to
be put, and I hope we shall be allowed to have a
square vote upon the resolution.
•Mr. BONHAM. The understanding with the
other side was, that we should have a direct vote j
upon the resolution.
Mr. SHERMAN. If it were not for these
constantly-recurring points of order, and this in-
terminable debate, 1 would be willing that there
should bo a direct vote on the resolution, and let
the House say whether or not they will adjourn
to attend a political convention.' I will withdraw
my motion to lay on the table.
Mr. BONHAM. I call for the yeas and nays
upon the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. ASHMORE. I object to any further de-
bate from any quarter.
Mr. McQUEEN. Will the Speaker allow me
to cali his attention to the latter part of the reso-
lution, which declares that the House shall ad-
journ for the purpose of removing the benches.
'That makes it perfectly immaterial whether the
preamble is separated from the resolution or not.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 69, nays 113; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Green Adams, Adrain, Ashmore, Barks-
dale Barrett, Blake, iionliam, Branch, Burch, Burnett,
Carey, Case, Horace F. Clark, John B. Clatk, John Coch-
rane, Cooper, James Craig, Burton Cratge, Ldmundson,
English, Florence, Gilmer, Hale, Hamilton, J. Morrison
Harris, Hawkins, Hickman, Hill, Iloitnan, Hughes, Jen-
kins, William Kellogg, Kunkel, Landrum, Larrabec, Lo-
ean, Macisiv, Maynard, McCleruand, McQueen, JicKae,
Millwaul, Mooihead. Nelson, Niblack, Nocll, Phelpa, Pot-
ter, Pruir, l'ugh, Reagan, Rust, Scott, Sickles, faimms,
William Smith, Stalhvorth, Stanton, Stevens, Stevenson,
Stout, Stratton, Taylor, Thayer, Tlieaker, Tliomas, Wal
dron, Webster, and Window—09. ... .,
NAYS—Messrs. Chailcs F. Adams, Aldriell, Allen, Al-
lev Thomas I,. Anderson, William C. Anderson, Ashley,
Avery, Beale, Binzliam, Blair, Bocoek, Bouligny, Boyce,
Brabson, Bra>ton, Briggs, Bristow, Butiinton, Burhngame,
liurnham, Butteifield, Campbell, Carter, Cobb, Ooltax,
Conklul", Covode, Crawfoid, Curtis, II. Winter Davis,
Dawes, Delano. Ouell, Biuin, Edwards, Idiot, Etliendge,
Foster, Frank. Gartrell, Goocll. Gurley. Hardeman. John
T. Uanis, Ilatton, Helmick, Iloard, Houston, lloward,
Humphrey, Ilutelnns, Irvine,Jones.Junkin,Keitt,Francis
W. Kclloepr, Kll?ore, DeWitt C. Leach, James M. Leach,
Lee, Longneekei, Loomis, Love, Lovejoy.Mnllory,Mars-
ton, Charles D. Martin, McKean, MeKnight, Mcl'lierson,
Miles, Millson, Laban T. Moore, Sydenham Moore, Mor-
rill, Edward Joy Morris, Isaac N. Morris, Olin, Palmer,
Pendleton, Perry, Pettit. Porter, J'ottio, Cluarles. Rice,
lUges Christopher Itobmson, James C. Kobinson, Rojce,
Kuffin, Schwartz, Seranton, Sedgwick, Sherman, Single-
ton, William N. H. Smith, Somes, Spaulding, Spinner,
btukes, Tompkins, Trimble, Vallandigham, Vandover,
Verree, Walton, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Israel Wash-
burn, Wells, Wimtoro, and Woodruff—113.
So the resolution was not agreed to.
During the vote,
Mr. WOODRUFF stated that his colleague,
Mr. Perry, was called home on account of sick-
ness in his family, and had paired off with Mr.
Martin, of Virginia.
Mr. CURRY stated that, upon this question,
he was paired off with Mr. Wilson, ana that he
was opposed to the resolution.
Mr. HOARD stated that Mr. Ely was paired
off upon this vote with Mr. Vance.
Mr. MAYNARD said: I announced a short
time since that I was paired off with Mr. Vance.
By arrangement with Mr. Hoard, my pair with
Mr. Vance lias been transferred to Mr. Ely; and
therefore, I am at liberty to vote. I vote "ay."
Mr. SHERMA.N moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was rejected; and also
moved to lay .the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PUBLIC LANDS FOB MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. BARKSDALE, by unanimous consent,
presented a memorial from the Legislature of the
State of Mississippi, praying the cession of cer-
tain public lands, to aid in the construction of the
Gulf and Ship Island railroad; which was laid on
the table, and ordered to be printed.
PACIFIC RAILROAD BILL.
Mr. BRABSON, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to aid in the construction of railroads
to the Pacific ocean; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the select committee on
the Pacific lailroad, and ordered to be printed.
STEAMBOAT BILL.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. The bill (H. R.
No. 114) for the safety of passengers on steam-
boats was postponed until to-day. The gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Wasiiburne,] whohas charge
of it, is unable to attend to it to-day, by reason of
indisposition. I ask that it be postponed till the
third Tuesday in May.
It was so ordered.
DIVORCES IN TIIE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. BURNETT, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill to authorize divorces in the District
of Columbia, and for other purposes; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
REVENUE STEAMER HARRIET LANE.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, by unanimous con-
sent, offered the following resolution; which was
read, considered , and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of paying to the
commander and lieutenants of tlie revenue steamer Har
lict Lane, while attaclicd to the Paraguay expedition, and
under the orders of the Navy Department, the sama pay as
is allowed to officers of similar rank in the Navy.
DEFICIENCY BILL—AGAIN.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the rules bo
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended; and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Wash-
bciw, of Maine, in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of a bill (H.R. No. 499) to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for the service
of the fiscal year ending June 30,1860.
The Clerk proceeded with the reading of the
bill for amendment.
Mr. MATNARD. I move to amend the item
at the twenty-fourth and twenty-fifth lines, by
striking out the words " §4,729 06," and inserting
in lieu thereof the words ." $3,000;" so that it will
read, as follows:
For new carpet on the Hall of the House of Represent-
atives, {$3,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. Thatitem is to pay forthe
new carpet wtiieh was made necessary by the
change made in the Hall. I think the price is
very large; but the Committee of Accounts have
examined into it, and found it reasonable.
