1760
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 17.
Mr. MAYNARD. It happened that in the last
Congress great complaint was made of the Clerk
of the previous Congress, and the affairs in his
office were investigated by a committee of which
I was a member. One of the grave charges made
against him was, that there had been a great fraud
committed in the matter of a new carpet. I have
here the bill that was presented for that carpet.
It was for eleven hundred and sixty-nine yards of
Brussels carpct, at two dollars per yard—§2,338.
The proof was, that Captain Meigs had selected
a carpet at the price of $1 75 per yard; and the
alleged fraud consisted in the fact that that very
same carpct, for which he had agreed to pay
$1 75 per yard, was furnished and charged at the
rate of two dollars per yard. Now, I do not un-
derstand how it has happened that if it was wrong
in the Committee of Accounts, at last Congress,
to audit a bill of that character, it can be right
now for us to make an appropriation for the same
jpurpose for nearly double the amount.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will give the House the
facts precisely as I have learned them. This bill
was submitted to the Committee of "Ways and
Means, and we were asked to report an.appro-
priation for it. We declined to do so until the
bill should have been presented to the Committee
of Accounts, examined by that committee, and
certified to be reasonable.
Mr. MAYNARD. To the Committee of Ac-
counts at the present or the last Congress?
Mr. SHERMAN. At the present Congress.
*The carpet was ordered by Mr. Allen > the Clerk
of the last House* and the price agreed upon. I
thought the price unreasonable—much too large
for that quality of carpet.
Mr. HOUSTON. Is this the carpet on the
floor?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes. The new carpet was
made necessary by the change in the Hall-. The
bill was referred to the Committee of Accounts*
and they thought it right.
Mr. MAYNARD. How many yards of car-
peting did it take ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I suppose it took about two
thousand yards.
Mr. MAYNARD. How did it take more yards
to carpet the Hall now than it did before?
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not know.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means this additional
question. The first item in this bill is " for fur-
niture, repairs, and boxes for members, $10,000."
I desire to know how much of that is for furni-
ture, as separate and distinct from the carpct.
Mr. SHERMAN. In the estimate, as furnished
by the Clerk, the carpet was included. The Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, however, thought it
better to present it as a single distinct item, for
the House to judge of it. We therefore took the
carpet out of the ordinary item for furniture, and
put it in as a distinct item.
Mr. MAYNARD. I have had no time to ex-
amine into this matter*, and I do not propose now
to do anything more than to call the attention of
the committee to the fact, that the former carpet for
this Hall, which cost, I believe, less than three
thousand dollars, is, by far, superior in texture to
this carpet, which cost nearly double the amount.
Before I take my seat, 1 will ask the chairman of
the Committee of Accounts to explain this matter.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to strike out the whole
item. I understand from gentlemen around me
that it only requires about eleven hundred yards,
and yet the gentleman who is at the head of the
Committee of Ways and Means, says that about
two thousand yards have been purchased, at a cost
of $1 80 or $1 90 per yard, making an amount of
over four thousand seven hundred dollars.
Mr. BLAKE. If the gentleman from Alabama
will permit me, I will explain this account.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will yield to the gentle-
man. I only want to understand the facts.
Mr. BLAKE. When this bill came before the
Committee of Accounts, we thought it was exor-
bitant, and the matter was referred to me for in-
vestigation. Upon examining the matter, I became
satisfied that the persons of whom the carpet was
purchased sold the same description of article at
$1 87 per yard. I was also satisfied that the num-
ber of yards used was not toa-great.
Mr. HOUSTON. How many yards ?
Mr. BLAKE. I do not remember. I recollect
that we became satisfied that the whole amount
was required in cutting it up. I do not think the
carpet is worth $1 87 a yard. I think the price
is too high; but Clagett & Dodson, of whom it
was purchased, and who, I understand, are re-
spectable merchants, told me they sold the same
carpet at the same price to individuals; and 1 did
not feel at liberty to cut them down on the price
in the purchase made for the House. The com-
mittee, therefore, passed the account.
Mr. SINGLETON. Can the gentleman inform
mo how many yards are required to covcr this
floor ?
Mr. BLAKE. I cannot. I remember the gen-
eral fact that I investigated the number of yards,
as well as the price; and satisfied myself that the
quantity used was not too great, and that the price
was not higher than that paid by individuals.
Mr. GtUARLES. Was the carpet purchased
by the present or the former Clerk?
Mr. BLAKE. By the former Clerk. When
the bill was presented, I expected that a large per-
centage on the amount had been given to some
person, but I was assured by Clagett and Dodson
that no percentage had been paid, that they re-
ceived the whole amount themselves, and that the
price charged was the usual price.
Mr. MAYNARD. That is, I suppose, at the
rate at vfliich he sells at retail ?
Mr. BLAKE. Yes, sir.
Mr. MAYNARD. I suppose it is the price at
which he sells a few yards for a room of small
size.
Mr. Houston's amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. RUFFIN. I should like to ask the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means in
reference to one item which has been passed over,
and for that purpose I move to strike out the
§10,000 for miscellaneous items.
The CHAIRMAN. That paragraph having
been passed in the bill, the committee can only
return to it by unanimous consent.
Objection was made.
Mr. McKNIGIIT. Before this item in refer-
ence to the carpet for this Flail is passed, I desire
to offer an amendment. I do not think we ought
to strike out the whole appropriation; but, I am in
favor of reducing the amount, and move therefore
to reduce it $2,000, and allow it to stand $2,729.
Mr. BRANCH. I would be glad if some gen-
tleman will inform the House whether this money
has been paid by anybody, or whether a debt has
been incurred by the Government for which we
are pledged.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state the facts as I un-
derstand them. The late Clerk of the House (Mr.
Allen) went to Clagett & Dodson's, and pur-
chased a quantity of carpet sufficient for this Hall
and for the galleries, at the rate of $1 87 a yard.
I do not know that they have been paid for it. I
believe they have not. It was necessary to pur-
chase a new carpet for the Hall, in consequence
of the changes that were made in the removal of
the desks, and I believe the same carpet was also
put down in the galleries.
Mr. BRANCH. If it has been paid for, it has
been out of some other appropriation. As I un-
derstand the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Blake]
the carpet has been paid for. If it has been paid
for out of some other appropriation, and it can be
now taken out of some other appropriation, with-
out doing injustice to any private individual, I
am in favor of striking out this appropriation. I
think no gentleman who knows anything of the
cost of such an article, will examine this carpet
without coming to the conclusion that the Gov-
ernment has been grossly imposed on. I do not
like to strike out the appropriation, if the carpct
has not been paid for, and the faith of the House
pledged for its payment; but lfit has been paid for,
and it can be taken out of some other appropri- !
ation, without injury to any other person, I am !
in favor of striking it out. I
Mr. SHERMAN. If it has been paid for I do |
not know it. As I said before, the whole amount j
of $16,000 was estimated for in the general fund; j
if this appropriation is made, it will be added to
the contingent fund. But the committee consid-
ered this amount so large that they thought proper
to place it in an item by itself, and allow the
House to dispose of it as they thought proper.
I doubt very much whether the money has been
paid.
Mr. MILES. I learn from the superintendent
of the Capitol extension, with whom I have just
been in conversation, that the same description of
carpet which is used in the Hall is also used in
the galleries, which, I presume, will account for
the large quantity used. I was informed by Cap-
tain Meigs that, on making the change which was
made at the close of the last session in the seats
of the Hall, it was found the old carpet would not
answer.
Mr. MAYNARD. I suppose the removal of
the desks did not require the galleries to be re-
carpeted.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. BLAKE. ■ I wish to make an additional
remark in reference to the matter which has been
passed. I think the account was passed by the
Committee of Accounts, and I rccollect hearing
Clagett $ Dodson speak of their being very
badly in want of money. I supposed the Sill was
paid after it had been passed by the committee.
Mr. BURNETT. For the purpose of enabling
me to make a single remark, I will move to reduce
the amount $1,000.
I wish merely to state the facts in reference to
this matter as I have gathered them from the re-
marks that have been made. This carpet was
bought by the late Clerk, Mr. Allen; and it has
been paid for, I do not care who paid for it; but
we have to inquire into the account, and if found
to be correct, appropriate the $4,729 for that pur-
pose. I was informed by a gentleman who had
measured the Hall thateleven hundred and twenty-
two yards of carpeting would covcr it. We are
charged $1 87 a yard for the carpet.
Now, if gentlemen, as was remarked by the
gentleman from North Carolina, will look at this
carpet, they will be satisfied that they can go into
the market anywhere, and that nowhere will they
be callcd to pay more than a dollar a yard for it.
Yes, sir; I am sure that as good carpet as is upon
this floor can be purchased anywhere for a dollar.
I am informed by a member of the House, who
has dealt in the article, that he will take a con-
tract to furnish the House with as much carpet
as it wants, just as good as this, for one dollar a
yard.
If gentlemen will reflect one moment, they will
perceive the necessity of some legislation to pro-
tect the Government against this irresponsible
way of contracting for it. It will be seen that
there ought to be some power for the control of
the Clerk of the House, with reference to the pur-
chase of material for furnishing this Hall.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the gentleman from
Kentucky a single question. The House, at the
last session, ordered that a change should be made
from desks to bcnchcs. What could the Clerk
do? It was necessary to have this carpet, and
what else could he do than provide for its pur-
chase ?
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman has misun-
derstood me if he thinks that I find fault with the
action of the Clerk. 1 am only contending that
there is an absolute necessity for some reform in
the mode of disbursing the contingent fund of the
House of Representatives, and with reference to
the making of contracts for the furnishing this
Hall and this Capitol. Take all these contracts
and examine with respect to the various items of
furniture provided for this building, and 1 venture
the assertion, upon knowledge I already have,
that it can be furnished at least fifty per cent, be-
low what has really been the cost. There is no
restriction upon the parties who act as the agents
for the Government in making these contracts.
The result is, that in the disbursement of our
contingent fund, the funnshingof this Capitol has
cost us, I was about to say, three or four times as
much as it ought to, and if I had said so I would
not be far from the truth.
This is all I desire to say. This item stands in
such a position that the Government is obliged
to pay the money, the present Clerk having paid
it out of the contingent fund, or to repudiate it.
Mr. CURRY. Themannerin which the contin-
gent fund is expended almost necessarily produces
injury to this Government. I desire to state what
1 understand to be the system by which this con-
tingent fund, or a portion of it, is ordinarily dis-
bursed or expended. The Clerk of this House—
and I speak it not to his disparagement, because
it is in pursuance of a precedent which has pre-
vailed here for several years—the Clerk of the
House gives to some friend of his a carte blanche
for the furnishing or upholstering of this House,
