no
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
influence in nominating conventions, are very glad
to receive them at your hand, and you frank them.
In this way you arc running up the expenditures
of the public printing, ranging, in Congresses past,
to between two and three million dollars.
Then,what follows? At the opening of every
Congress a disgraceful struggle in both branches
of Congress for the public printing, because it
affords enormous profits, much of which is to be
distributed as an electioneering fund, which in a
thousand ways acts as a corrupting influence
throughout the country. That grows out of this
franking privilege.
I do not belicvo, as the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Millson,] who has so ably addressed
the House, seems to suppose, that if this frank-
ing privilege is abolished, therefore there are to
be no more public documents distributed through-
out the country. 1 take it for granted that speeches
and documents can be circulated, and the postage
paid. And I have no objection to making a rea-
sonable appropriation to every gentleman for the
payment of the postage on such documents as
ought to be circulated—confining it within rea-
sonable and proper limits. But 1 am opposed to
a franking privilege which enables you to scatter
over the country cords and cart-loads of books,
thereby stimulating an anxiety to publish such
books as are not valuable, and creating a fund
which is a source of great corruption in this Gov-
ernment.
Now, I believe if such books as we distribute
are worth what they cost this Government, that
they can be published by private enterprise. Of
course I do not refer to such works as the Presi-
dent's messagG and accompanying documents.
But I confess I have another objection to this
franking privilege. It is a privilege which can-
not be exercised by deputy. You can not author-
ize anybody else to frank for you. I confess I
desire to spend my time in some other employ-
ment than franking speeches upon the eve of a
presidential election. I desire to inform myself
upon various legislative matters ponding before
Congress. I desire to know what I am legislat-
ing about, and therefore 1 do not desire to be made
a drudge, whoso whole lime is spent in franking
electioneering documents. °
for the reasons I have expressed, I am opposed
to each of these two last amendments of the Sen-
ate upon this bill; because I desire to sustain, and
hope the House will sustain, the action of the
committee, and prevent independent legislation
upon appropriation bills.
Mr. BOCOCK obtained the floor.
Mr. SHERMAN. If my friend fjom Virginia
will allowme,Iwillmove that the committce'rise,
with a view of moving, 111 the House, to termin-
ate this debate.
Mr. BOCOCK. I will yield for that purpose.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I move that the com-
mittee do now rise. [Cries of " No!" " No !"
from all sides of the House.] Then I suggest
that by common consent speeches shall be limited
to fifteen minutes each; and, at four o'clock, I
will submit the ordinary motion in the House to
terminate debate.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to suggest to the
gentleman from Ohio that, as the Senate has ad-
journed, and this is an important matter, by add-
ing one more day to the consideration of this bill—
and in doing it we will not lose any time—it
seems to me we could settle this whole question
for the session. 1 am willing, however, to take
his proposition, and to take it now, to limit the
debate to fifteen minutes.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I object. I think ten min-
utes is long enough.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. There are at least one
hundred members who want to make speeches.
Mr. McKNIGHT. At the solicitation of sev-
oral gentlemen around hip, I withdraw roy ohiec-
tion. 3 J
Mr. MONTGOMERY." 1 object. 1 desire to
limit speeches to five minutes.
Mr. BOCOCK. I must say that I do not know
that 1 should have spoken but for the remarks of
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Stanton.] I be-
lieve that gentleman does not belong to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. Greece, I think, had
her seven wise men. We have improved upon
Greece; we have nine wise men here, in the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. Into their hands all
these things go, and some gentlemen expect them
to engross all the debate upon these topics. The
gentleman from Ohio does ijot belong to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means; yet ho has been so
bold and adventurous as to launch out upon this
sea of discussion, in competition with the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means; and I shall be ex-
cused for following in his wake.
I differ at all times with my colleague, [Mr.
Millson,] who has addressed the committee, with
] reluctance; but when I find that gentleman taking
j such a position as he did this morning—though
j 1 have great confidence in his judgment and entire
i respect for his honesty and integrity—I feel my-
self called upon to say that his views do not meet
my approbation. What is the position of this
question before the House? It has been stated
upon this floor that one, at least, if not both, of the
amendmeiHswhic.il the Senate "put to this bill met
the entire approbation of the Committee of Ways
and Means. So far as has been developed in this
debate, it meets the entire approbation of the House
of Representatives. No one upon this floor has
taken issue with the propriety of thatamendment.
Then, sir, I ask why should not we pass it, and
make it a law r The gentleman says the Senate
ought not to have put it there. My friend from
Ohio over the way, [Mr. Stanton,] who is very
sound and sensible, except upon some particular
questions, has put forward this morning a very
remarkable argument in favor of rejecting the
Senate amendment. He says the whole country
hangs in breathless expectation, awaiting the
passage of this Post Office appropriation bill.
And how docs he expect to facilitate the passage
of this bill through the House of Representatives
and thus meet the expectations of the country?
Why, he says the Senate has put an amendment
to the bill which is proper in itself as an inde-
pendent proposition. Now, it would seem to me,
m my humble view of this question, that if the
great object which we have in view is to facilitate
the passage of the bill, the proper course would
be to agree with the Senate in this amendment,
and let the bill go back there. What says the
gentleman from Ohio? "No: the proper way of
getting the bill through the House, and of meeting
the public expectation, is to reject the Senate
amendment, have a committee of conference, and
have a long controversy with the Senate upon the
matter."
Mr. STANTON. If the gentleman from Vir- i
gima will allow me, the position 1 stated was, i
that a proposition to abolish the franking privi- I
lege was one of so much importance that the !
House ought to have an opportunity to discuss j
it, and that the exigencies of the country and of
the public creditors were such as would not per- I
mit the time to elapse that would bo necessary to I
accomplish properly the passage of a law abol- !
ishing the franking privilege before the passage j
of this bill.
Mr. BOCOCK. That is a very proper argu- I
ment, ceitainly, and the gentleman states it fairly; ■
but, according to my recollection, he did not touch j
upon it when he was up before. He then placed j
his objections upon the ground that the Senate had ]
incoiporated legislation upon an appropriation i
bill, and that cur proper course of procedure, in ;
order to a speedy passage of that bill, would be I
to reject such independent legislation, and act upon ,
it separately, as such. Now, I say again that it j
seems to me that, it we wish to give these appro- j
priations to the country as speedily as possible, |
the proper course of policy would be to agree with
the Senate upon these amendments, and thus save ;
the necessity of the Senate again acting upon them, i
and of a committee of conference. 1 say, then,
why not pass the amendments? The gentleman :
from Ohio, the cJuuimaii of the Committee of,
Ways and Means, [Mr. Sherman,] says that the I
Senate is in the habit of putting independent le"is- j
lation upon appropriation biiis, and that it is tune 1
we should undertake to check it. He wishes that '
we should now come forward at this early period I
of the session and take our position against it. !
Mr. SHERMAN. I simply desire, with the
permission of the gentleman from Virginia, to !
make this statement: I have joined in the com- !
plaint, heretofore, that the Committee of Ways j
and iVIcans have monopolized all the business of I
the House; and I now desire to say, in the com- 1
mencement, that this Committee of Ways and i
Means does not want any monopoly of the busi- !
ness of the House. We want to confine ourselves i
to the legitimate duties which the rules of the
House impose upon us; they are simply to report
to the House clean appropriation bills, containing
not a single measure of new legislation. We de-
sire to confine ourselves to these legitimate duties;
and then we will never subject ourselves to the
complaint that I have so often heard and mado
against that committee monopolizing the business
of the House.
Now, sir, the Committee of Ways and Means
have nothing whatever to do with this franking
privilege. It belongs legitimately to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads. I want,
that committee to have charge of this very prop-
osition—and to introduce it into the House if they
see proper—which the Senate has now impioperly
sent to vis, ill a shape in which it can only come
before the Committee of Ways and Means, and
leave us to act simply upon the ordinary "impro-
priations for carrying oil the Government.
Mr. BOCOCK. The position which the gen-
tleman from Ohio has indicated as the one as-
sumed by the Committee of Ways and Means,
as a general one would seem to be very proper,
so far as we are concerned. The point on which
I was speaking at the time I was interrupted was 
this: Why not pass these amendments if we ap-
prove them? Why not vote upon them now, and
if a majority of the House say they are right, pass
them; if not, reject them? Gentlemen come for-
ward here and say that we have rules which
would prevent us from incorporating anv such
amendments as these in an appropriation bill.
Well, sir, are we going to stand here and put our
foot down upon the position that because we have
rules the Senate of the United States shall be com-
pelled to conform to those rules? Sir, the Senate
of the United States is a coordinate branch of the
legislative department of this Government, able
to do anything that we can do except to originate
appropriation bills. We adopt rules for our guid-
ance and our government, and the Senate adopt
rules for their guidance and their government; and
wo have no more right to say to the Senate, you
shall come up to our standard, than they have to
say that wo shall come up to theirs.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire to say, in this
connection, that in the Thirty-Fourth Congress,
a proviso was attached to the Army appropriation
bill, in violation oi the rules of this House, which
received the votes of the entire Republican party
on the other side of the House, and, amoug others,
of the gentleman fiom Ohio, [Mr. Sherman-,! who
himself offered it.
Mr. BOCOCK. The proviso offered by the
gentleman from Ohio on that occasion was this:
Provided, however, and it is hereby declared. That iio pm t
of the military force of the Umted'States tor the suppoit
ot which appropriations are made by tins act shall be em-
ployed m aid or the enforcement ot any enactment of tho
body claiming to be the Territorial Legislatuie ot Kan^a-?.
until such enactments shall have been affirmed or approved
by Congress; but tins proviso shall not be so consumed
to prevent the Piesident from employing an adequate mil-
itary force, but it shall be his duty to employ such force to
prevent the invasion of said Temtory by armed bands of
non-ie?idents, acting orclamnng to act as a posse comitatus
of any officer in said Territory, in the enforcement of any
puch enactment, and to protect the peisons and propertV
therein and upon the national highways leading to said
Territory, from all unlawful searches and seizures; and it
shall be his further duty to take efficient measures to com -
pel the return of, and withhold, all arms of the United State.?
distributed ill or to said Teriitory-in pursuance of any law
of the United States authorizing the distribution of arm? to
the States and Tenitories.-5
The gentleman from Ohio,*at that time, seemed
to have been a sort of monomaniac upon the sub-
ject of the legislation of the " so-called Territorial
Legislature of Kansas," and I am not sure that
he was responsible for what he did in reference
to that subject. [Laughter.] But, sir, the gentle-
man, in that proviso, goes into a great variety of
questions of independent legislation upon that
appropriation bill. He first goes into the question
of the validity of the so-called Territorial Legis-
lature; then into that of a posse comitatus, and into
various questions of outside legislation, which he
required this House to incorporate in.u an appro-
priation bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. The amendment read by
the gentleman from Virginia was strictly in order,
and strictly germane to the bill then under con-
sideration. It simply limited the mode and man-
ner ill which the moijey appropriated by that bill
should be expended. Why, sir, we have m this
very Post Office appropriation bill a provision
saying, that the money appropriated shall be ox-
