2704
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6.
House;. [Laughter.] I would not like to give
an excuse which has no reason in it. Therefore,
I shall simply say that the demands of nature for
sleep and food took me home. I understood that
the House was in the Committee of the Whole on
the state-of the Union, and that members were
engaged in a discussion intended for my district
—I represent Buncombe. [Laughter.] I was dis-
agreeably disturbed at a few mmutes past two
0 clock this morning, while I was wrapped in the
arms of Morpheus, and dreaming a great many
pleasant dreams, which I will not detain the House
by relating.
■ Mr. MAYNARD. It seems to me that the
gentleman, absented himself at a time when he
owght to have been here; and that is, when the
interests of his district were under discussion. I
move that he be discharged from custody on pay-
ment of the fees.
Mr. STANTON. I move that he be discharged
unconditionally. I am not now in custody; but
1 have all the powers of a member of the House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Has the gentle-
man paid the fees ?
Mr. STANTON. 1 do not propose to answer
any such interrogatory. I must confess that X
regard this as an extraordinary proceeding on the
part of the House.
*" Mr. BINGHAM. I submit that the gentleman
cannot discuss anything until lie has complied
with the order of the House. He is in custody
until he has paid the fees.
Mr. STANTON. My colleague and the Speaker
know nothing of the fact whether I have paid them
or not. I do not propose to be interrogated on
any such matter of fact.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The House ar-
raigned the gentleman at its bar, and he has been
discharged from custody, provided he would pay
the fees. It is pertinent, therefore, to inquire
whether he has paid those fees.
Mr. STANTON. I pay them now. (Mr.
Stanton here went to the deputy Sergeant-at-
Arms and paid the usual fees for an arrest.) Have
I not the floor now? I have paid my fees.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
has not.  
Mr. MAYNARD. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. HICKMAN. I renew it, and I call for
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof, the motion was agreed to.
Mr. STANTON. I move to reconsider that
vote, and I propose to say a word.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Debate is not in
order.
Mr. HICKMAN. I move that the motion to
reconsider be laid upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. John Coch-
rane, you have been absent from the House with-
out its consent. What excuse have you for your
absence ?
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I doubt whether
X have been absent from the House without ex-
cuse. It seems to me, sir, that I have been here
this whole night, for I left the House in about the
same mood in which I find it now. 1 do not see
that it has made any progress. [Laughter.]
■ Mr. HICKMAN". I call the gentleman to
order.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Sir, I came here
to order. [Laughter.]
Mr. HICKMAN. I call the gentleman to or-
der, and I insist upon it. The point is, that the
gentleman is not offering an excuse.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair does
not yet know what the gentleman from New
York is saying by way of excuse.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. The difficulty is
not in my remarks; it is because of the want of
perspicacity in the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia that he does not perceive the bearing of my
remarks.
Mr. HICKMAN. The question of order is,
that the gentleman shall proceed only in order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair sus-
tains the point of order.
Mr. VANCE. I appeal from that decision of
the Chair.
A Member. I move to lay the appeal upon
the table.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I would ask
whether that does not carry the whole subject
with it? [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It does not.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. If it does, 1 shall
vote for it.
Mr. HICKMAN. The gentleman from New
York is not entitled to a sote upon any question
until he has purged himself of his contempt.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. If I am not en-
titled to the floor, I will take my seat.
Mr. SPINNER. I make the point of order
that the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
Vance] cannot take an appeal, as he has not paid
his fees.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. If the gentleman
from North Carolina has not paid his fees, he is
still under arrest. The discharge granted was
conditional upon the payment of the fees.
Mr. VANCE. I would state to the Chair that
the gentleman from Ohio has just tendered his
fees to the Sergeant-at-Arms, and he said he did
not receive fees, that he deducted it from the sal-
aries of members.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. If thegentleman
from North'Carolina has not paid his fees, and
the gentleman from New York insists upon the
point of order, the gentleman from North Caro-
lina cannot take an appeal.
Mr. VANCE. I would ask the gentleman from
New York if ho has paid his fees?
Mr. SPINNER. I happen not to be in con-
tempt.
Mr. VANCE. 1 shall demand a receipt from
the Speaker of this House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from New York will proceed.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I was called to
order 
Mr. VANCE. I have now paid my fees; and
I appeal from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. HICKMAN. I move to lay the appeal
on the table.
Mr. VANCE. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion' was agreed to; and the appeal was
laid upon the table.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from New York is still before the House; and the
question is, what excuse has he to render?
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. - What is the qucs-
ion before the House ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is
this: " You have been absent from the sittings of
the House without its leave. What excuse have
you for that absence?" And the Chair would
remark .that the usage of the House has been,
that a gentleman called upon for excuse cannot
arraign the House as to the policy or impolicy
of sending an officer with a warrant to bring
members before the House to render their ex-
cuses.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Certainly, I do
not appear here to justify myself, nor do 1 appear
here to justify the 'House.
Mr. HUGHES. I call the gentleman to order.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I shall proceed, I
hope, in order; and I feel the more in order that
I am called upon here to make an excuse, not for
the House, but for myself; and 1 feel, therefore,
the greater confidence in my case.
Mr. HUGHES. I call thegentleman toorder.
The gentleman says he feels called itjftn to make
an excuse for the House, but not for himself.
He is brought up here to make an excuse for
himself, and not for the House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
is mistaken in regard to the language which the
gentleman used.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I hardly under-
stand what I am about, there are so many calls
to order.
Mr. GARTRELL. I call the gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. Hughes] to order. He is smoking
within the Hall.
Mr. HUGHES. Oh, no! I am not smoking.
I deny the charge.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I hope ! shall now
be permitted to proceed. I left the House at an
early hour of the evening, supposing that the bus-
iness of the day was completed; and I still think
it wds completed, for I see that the business of
the night has commenced.
Mr. HILL I desire to ask the gentleman from
! New York a question. I want to know at what
hour of the night does the day business cease and
the night business commence? [Laughter.]
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Upon the rising
of the moon; and this, so far as I may judge, is
its f very error," though I hardly dare to allude
to the proceedings ofthe House, for I observe that
the House is very sensitive upor. that subject.
[Laughter.] When I left, the House had resolved
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and I supposed that the ordi-
nary business of the Committee of the Whole
was to be engaged in. I left in the greater secur-
ity, inasmuch as, at the time, I observed, seated
upon his appropriate bench, the gentleman from
Noi'th Carolina, [Mr. Craige,] whose great lon-
gitude, I congratulate his constituents, does not
remove him so far from Washington, that he is
ever absent from the Hall, whore he sits usually
in custody of the interests of the countiy, and
guarding the public weal. Sir, I perceive that he
is heVe now, and I feel, therefore, the greater con-
fidence that the Union is not to be dissolved.
Well, sir, 1 retired to my lodgings, and I inclosed
myself within virgin sheets, as is my ordinary
nocturnal habit. [Laughter.] My dreams, when
dreams did come, were pure and chaste. That
they were chaste I furnish this evidence, that at
the untimely and weird hour of one o'clock, a
clamorous messenger announced to me that there
was a call of the House. Sir, had a thunderbolt
fallen at my feet, I could not have been more sur-
prised, nor with a louder call. I immediately rose,
confused, half waked, with difficulty donned my
clothing, and took my weary way hither. But
the eventful hour had not passed. But half of the
dismal way was done, when a* unexpected exhi-
bition opened to me a new chapter in the history
of that interesting bird, the American eagle. Sir,
I well knew that in patriotic flight it had not only
surmounted mole-hill and mountain, but crossed
goose-pond, river, and inland sea. I knew that, it
had swooped upon the Sierra Nevada, and flouted
with derisive wings the top of Chimborazo; and
I plumed myself when I thought upon its plumage
undisturbed even by the gales which sweep the
vast Pacific. Judge, therefore, of my surprise,
when, as I plodded laboriously towards these
walls, in the gloom of dejection, there should touch
me its darkened wing, and pierce me its croaking
voice. " Sir, you are arrested," screeched the de-
generate bird. Mr. Speaker, till this night have
I esteemed that biid. [Laughter.]' Henceforth,
sir, am I to be distracted with doubts and saucy
fears; I, sir, a member of the House—a represent-
ative of the people—nay more, sir, one of the chil-
dren of that feathered patriot, thus to be pounced
upon and pierced and affrighted. Why, sir,
what kind of bird is that which thus fouls its own
nest? [Laughter.] Sir, I thought to have proudly
advanced my excuse to the House upon tiic wing
of the American eagle. 1 repeat me, sir, I dis-
miss the thought, and here sadly arraign that
eagle for thus having arrested a Democrat.
Mr. LONGNECKER. I call the gentleman to
order.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Certainly, sir. I
come to order with the American eagle, and sub-
mit myself and my excuse in its company to the
House for judgment.
Mr. STANTON. I move to discharge thegen-
tleman oil paymentof the fees. It appears to me,
Mr. Speaker, that gentlemen here, rather ungra-
ciously and m bad temper, refuse me the right of
saying in my excuse what was perfectly legal and
proper. Now, I hold that,.according to the set-
tled usages and practices pf this House, while it
has had a business session during the ordinary
business hours, and when that ordinary business
was passed from 
Mr. BINGHAM. I rise to a point of order.
The remarks of my colleague are notgermane to
the matter before the House.
Mr. STANTON. They are perfectly germane.
Mr. BINGHAM. I submit they are not.
Mr. HUGHES. I hope the gentleman will be
permitted to go on.
The SPEAKERpro tempore. The Chair thinks
that the gentleman from Ohio is in order, if he
applies his remarks to the case of the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. John Cochrane.]
Mr. STANTON. Certainly 1 do.
Mr. BINGHAM. How in the world can they
be applied to the gentleman from New York?
Mr. HILL. If, at this hour of the night, the
