1762
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 17
Mr. MAYNARD. Where is the evidence of it?
Mr. FLORENCE. The fact of this appropri-
ation to pay for it, under the contract, and the
fact of your reporters here taking down our pro-
ceedings, are confirmatory proof of the contract.
Mr. MAYNARD. I do not see in that the
evidence of the contract. It is merely evidence
that they are doing the work; but how, and by
what authority ? *
Mr. FLORENCE. I am very much mistaken
if there is not an existing contract; and if there is
not a law providing for the reporting of the pro-
ceedings in the Congressional Globe. This ap-
propriation is merely to pay for it in obedience to
law.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is a written contract
made by the Clerk of the House and the Secre-
tary of the Senate; but it is a contract which we
have a right to change, at any time, by refusing
to order the books.
Mr. MAYNARD. When was that contract
made ?
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 think it was madeinl84G.
I looked at it the other day.
Mr. MAYNARD. Well, we refused, last Con-
gress, to make any appropriation for reporting
the debates of the House, or for furnishing the
Congressional Globe. That was the action of the
House taken deliberately then; and I think the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
himself voted for it. If the legislation of the House
is to go for anything, that certainly was an abro-
gation of the contract of 1846; and we come back
at last to the fact that our friends, the reporters,
0 are put here, and permitted to occupy seats; the
Globe is printed, and twenty-four copies arc given
to each member; and then we arc very modestly
asked to make an appropriation of upwards of
thirty thousand dollars to pay for it. It is all
wrong. I object to it entirely; and hope that the
amendment of the gentleman from Alabama will
prevail.
Mr. BRANCH. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment to the amendment. It occurs to mo, Mr.
Chairman, that of all the books which this House
manufactures, this is the only one which is really
legitimate, which is worth all the money that the
Government pays for it. This, sir, is a popular
body. Our constituents have a right to 4cnow,
and they have a right to expect us to furnish them
with the means of knowing, what we are doing
here—not only how we arc voting, but also what
we are saying. What we do on this floor is done
in our puoHc capacity. Our constituents demand
to know it, ana they have a right to know it, |
without stickling as to how much money it may j
y cost. Gentlemen speak of the vast amount of j
sturt*," as thoy call it, contained in theCongrcs- '
sional Globe;: but, Mr. Chairman, I ask who puts j
it there? We put it there ourselves, if it is stuff}
and valueless. If the contents of this book are
valueless, it is because wluit we ouiselves say
docs not possess any value, in the estimation of
gentlemen; and I rather believe that, to some
extent, they are correct. [Laughter.] But, sir,
valuable or valueless, sense or nonsense, our con-
stituents have a right to see what we arc saying
and what we arc doing.
That is not all, Mr. Chairman. Gentlemen arc
greatly mistaken if they suppose that by disband-
ing that corps of reporters tney will keep from the
knowledge of their constituents what we arc doing.
There is a volunteer set of reporters over your head,
who will send forth to the public an account of
what occurs here; and I put it to gentlemen on this
floor whether they are willing that their popular- |
ity before the country, their reputation as men of '
sense, shall rest on the unauthorized reports made
by volunteer reporters, irresponsible to this House,
and irresponsible to any portion of the people of
the country, however intelligent these gentlemen
may be? For one, I am not willing that it shall
be so. I am willing and glad to see volunteer rc-
porteis send foith to the country their version of
what occurs here; but I want an official record,
that we can always appeal to to do ourselves jus-
tice before the country, when we are misrepre-
sented.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman from North Carolina tf he does not know
that these twenty-four copies ^the Congressional
Globe are utterly inadequaffto disseminate a
knowledge of our proceedings among our con-
stituents ?
Mr. BRANCH. Mr. Chairman, if gentlemen
will all do what some of us do, these twenty-four
copies will, if inadequate, be at least sufficient to
give to a great proportion of our constituents a
knowledge of what we are doing. I do not dis-
tribute promiscuously the Congressional Globe; 1
deposit it in the court-houses of the county towns
in my district for the use of the people. At least,
I intend to do so, and am reserving my copies for
that purpose.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. So far as I
am concerned, there are societies all through the
county with libraries, and I send copies of the
Globe to these libraries, where the rural popula-
tion have access to them.
Mr. BRANCH. -Now, Mr. Chairman, I con-
fess that I do not read the Congressional Globe,
and I do not suppose that any person who knows
how the Congressional Globe is made up (that is
of what sort of debates it is made up) reads it, or
that any person who has ever once undertaken to
read it, will read it again. But it is a valuable
book of reference, accurate and correct. In my
estimation, the system of reporting which prevails
in this House, and the Senate, is one of the won-
ders of the world. I think if we abolish it, it will
fall into the hands of reporters who cannot, or
who will not, do us justice; and while I occupy a
seat on this floor I want always my reputation to
remain in the keeping of accurate, of full, of au-
thorized official reporters, who are responsible to
the House for any misrepresentation or wrong
they may do us.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MAYNARD withdrew his amendment to
the amendment.
The question was taken on Mr. Curry's amend-
ment, and it was rejected.
Mr. CURRY. 1 move to amend by striking
out lines thirty-four and thirty-five, which is for
reporting the debates of this session of Congress,
not confined to the House of Representatives.
At the last Congress,Mr. Chairman, the House,
after a full discussion of this question, and by a
deliberate vote by yeas and nays—on which, I
am glad to say, we had the concurring opinion of
three of the present members of the Committee
of Ways and Means—struck out the appropria-
tion for the Congressional Globe. Now, Mr.
Chairman, I do not care to repeat what lias been
often said in regard to the Globe. I thmJc that it
is the most unmixed evil of anything connected
with Congress; and my friend from North Car-
olina has not, [ think, stated our position with
his usual candor and fairness. It is not that we
object to a report of the proceedings of this House.
The question is rather between a pensioned press
and a free press. That is the question, and the
legitimate question, before the committee. The
question is, whether this Congress shall appro-
priate money to publish the speeches that are
made, and to publish the speeches that are not
made, to save us the expense of it. The question
is, whether reporters shall be kept hero who put
into the debates what never was spoken; what is,
in many respects, a perversion of what was done
hero—it is between having an accurate and correct
report of the proceedings of the House, or not
paying for it if it is not accurate and correct.
I do not charge any of this on the reporters:
because, so far as my knowledge extends, they
report what is said and what is done with most
marvelous accuracy and fidelity. But every one
who is at all familiar with the proceedings of the
House knows that members go down to the Globe
office at night, and strike out, and put in, and add
on, and take off, till in the morning one can hardly
know his own speech when it cbmes out. I my-
self have been placed in the ridiculous attitude
here of making corrections and of amending errors
in gentlemen's statements on the loor, while the
Globe next morning would show no earthly per-
tinency for my remarks—the member having gone
down and changed his speech, throwing out what
I had objected to, and putting something else m
its stead.
And for this the Government is to be taxed
We arc to put our hands into the Treasury to pay
for this, as the report of the proceedings in Con-
gress, while it is but the report of what occurred
at the private room in the Globe office.
Mr. Chairman, I repeat, that, in my judgment,
the whole system is a nuisance, a fungus, an ex-
crescence growing upon the body-politic of this
country, increasingin expense from year to year
It is wholly at war with the theory of our Govern-
ment, if I may talk of such a thing as that in
connection with the Government. In my judg-
ment, it docs more to destroy legitimate debate, it
does more to bring merely written or printed essays
into the House, it does more to prevent the en-
lightenment of the House by the discussion of
questions that are before the House, than every-
thing connected with our whole system. The
same system does not prevail in England, nor in
any of our State Legislatures, that prevails here.
I do not object to having the debates of Congress
reported, but I do object to having the country
saddled with the expense of printing these docu-
ments, which arc not generally for the enlighten-
ment of the people, because they reach only a
few, and do not contain an accurate account of
the proceedings of the House. They arc, I might
say, a millstone, if not a tax, upon the intellect of
the country.
Mr. McKNIGHT. If it were in order, I should
like to propose this amendment: *
Provided, That hereafter the manuscript of the reporters
shall not be submitted to the members of this House.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the amendment of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania would hardly
be applicable to the present session of Congress.
This appropriation is for the present session. A
great many speeches have been printed in the Con-
gressional Globe which have not been delivered
in the House, and it would not be right that we
should cut off the payment of what has already
been done.
In the bill providing for the next fiscal year, we
have provided against some of these abuses. If
gentlemen will look into that bill, they will fold
that some of them have been corrected. But
during the present session the reporting has been
proceeded with precisely as in former sessions.
The debates have been subject to the revision of
members; and, in some cases, speeches have been
published which have never been delivered; and
I suppose the same system will continue during
the remainder of the session. After the present
fiscal year, if the House adopts the recommenda-
tion of the Committee of Ways and Means, the ex-
penses will be somewhat diminished.
I desire to say, however, that I hope no change
will be made m our faithful corps of reporteis,
whom we have had with us for some years, and
who I hope will always be continued in this body.
Mr. BRANCH. My experience in this House
has convinced me of the propriety of adopting re-
forms whenever the House is in the spirit of re-
form—of " striking while the iron is hot;" and I
think the House is just in the mood at this time of
putting a stop to this system of revising speeches.
1 hope, therefore, that the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. McKnigiit] will press his amend-
ment. I do not think theie would be any objec-
tion to its adoption at this time. It would not,
of course, interfere with matter already published.
I hope that we shall make provision that hereafter
the manuscript of the reporters shall not be sub-
mitted to any member of the House for him to
correct. If that is done, an enormous abuse will
have been corrected. I believe neither the re-
porters nor the proprietor of the Globe would allow
it, if members did not importune them until they
.cannot refuse. It is an abuse that ought to be
stopped. Members ought not to be allowed to
revise their remarks. The Congressional Globe
oue;ht to be a perfect transcript of the proceedings
as they occur here. If 1 talk nonsense, let me be
branded and sent down to posterity as talking
nonsense. But when 1 have seen myself j)ut down
three or four times as talking nonsense, it will
have the effect of silencing me.
I believe, if that were done, it would have the
effect of producing more legitimate debate in the
House. Gentlemen would not get up to speak
unless they had something to say. It is the most
j effectual way of curtailing the endless and limit-
, less debates which we have here. L<"'t the report
! of what occurs here be faithfully transcribed; and
! if left to the reporters heie, we all know it will be
! faithfully done.
i I hope, therefore, that the gentleman from Penn-
| sylvania will press his amendment. I believe the
■ House is now in a humor to adopt it; and great
reform will have been accomplished.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I desire to press it, if it is
in order.
