320
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 18,
36th Cons. ... 1st
Property in Territories—Mr. Mason.
Senate.
in Congress in the organization of government for
the Territories. Everything- else has been agreed
upon without difference of opinion. I agree*
fully that that, as a question of power, exercised
through the people of a Territory, was to be sub-
mitted to the courts; and f agree fully that, until
the courts decided it, Congress was bound, if it
adhered to the law, not to intervene. If the Ter-
ritory of Kansas had passed an act prohibiting
slavery in that Territory, the organic law, fairly
carried out, would have restrained Congress from
repealing it until the courts had passed upon it.
That is the meaning. It can have no other mean-
ing. It was not intended to paralyze the con-
stitutional action of any department of the Gov-
ernment when a case arose unuer the law for its
exertioif.
The fourth and fifth resolutions only affirm, in
strict obedience to the law of 1854, that if the peo-
ple of a Territory, after the decision of the power
against them, undertake to exercise the power,
then it is the duty of Congress, by whatever ap-
propriate legislation, to apply the remedy, and to
annul the offending law.
The honorable Senator from Illinois, however,
as I understand his argument, says that we are
committed by this doctrine of non-intervention to
let the people of the Territory alone in their legis-
lation, happen what may; because, said he, if
the people of the Territory exercise a jmwer
not granted under the Constitution derivatively
through Congress, you have agreed by that law
to refer it to the court, and when the court has
decided it, your remedy is exhausted. That is
his construction. I have spoken of this as a po-
litical question, one that the States had aright to
determine for themselves, which, in deference to
the peace of the Union, they agreed to refer to the,
arbitrament of the courts through this statute;
and can it be that men capable of representing the
States, capable of legislating to bind the Status,
would have countenanced such a law, if they had
dreamed that such construction would be placed
upon it, binding iheii hands and their successors
forever to give effect to it?
It is said now—I have no further informnlion
than what is derived from the newspapers of the
day—that the Territory of Kansas has passed
laws prohibiting slavery. How the fact may be,
I do not know. Now it is said," under this law,
if it be so, our hands are tied by this non-mter-
vention doctrine from any remedy, because we
agreed to refer it to the court," We answer, the
court has decided it—notdeenh-d it in a case aris-
ing in Kansas,, or on a law made by a Territory;
but it has decided the question which was sub-
mitted by the statute in a case arising under a law
of Congress, which amounts to the same thing
The principle is decided, and the laws of the Ter-
ritories must conform. Ic is replied, " Stand by
your bond; if (he case has been decided, then the
power is disaffirmed." We answer, " But the
power is exercised, although it is disaffirmed;''
and the rejoinder made is still, " Stand by your
bgnd; although the power has been exercised be-
fore or since it was disaffirmed, we refer you
again to the courts." "What is to be referred to
the courts ? A territorial law. The court decided,
as I presumed it would, against the power of the
Territory; but the law remains on the statute-
book. If the people possess any of the sovei eignty
that has been ascribed to them, they may thus
put the law of Congress at defiance, and say,
We have an inherent right, a right by \ irtuo of
our sovereignty, to retain that law on the statute-
book, your power to the contrary notwithstand-
ing." I do not know to what extent the honorable
Senatorfrom Illinois carries this doctrine of" pop-
ular sovereignty in the Territories;5" but he has
given this title to a thesis issued to the country a
few months since under the sanction of ins name.
Hut, Mr. President, the Senate has already as-
sumed the right to annul territorial laws, and
against this docti me of non-intervention, and this,
too, with the aid of the vote of the Senatorfrom Illi-
nois, [Mr. Douglas.] It was adverted to by the
honorable Senator from Mississippi, in his very
able remarks yesterday. We had it here when
there was pending before the Senate a hill intro-
duced bv^ihe honorable Senator from Georgia,
[Mr. Toombs,] and referred to the Committee on
Territories, and reported back from that commit-
tee, to authorize the people of the Territory of
Kansas to form a State government. When that
bill was depending, Mr. Clayton, a Senator from
Delaware, moved to amend it by inserting a very
long provision, which began thus:
"No law shall be in force in the said Territory tending to
the violation of the great principle asserted m the Kansas-
Nebraska act," &c.,
reciting a number of laws of the Territory. Mr.
Geyer moved to amend the amendment by a sub-
stitute, carrying out the principle, but limiting the
number of laws to be abrogated by the act of Con-
gress. Mr. Geyer's amendment was in these
words:
" No law shall be made or have force or effect in said
Tcrritoiy which shall require a tcs-t oath, or oath to suppoit
any act of Congress or other legislative act as a quabiica-
tion lor any civil office or public trust, or for any employ-
mentor profession, ui to beive as a juroi oi voter at an elec-
tion ; or which shall impose any tax upon, or condition to,
the exercise of tiie right oi suftiage by any qualified voter,
or which shall restiain or piohilnt the free discussion of any
law or subject of legislation in the ^aid Teinlory or tliefiee
expression of opinion thereon by the people of said Tern-
tory."
There is a whole police code which had been
enacted by the people of the Territory, under the
power conceded to them by the organic law to ex-
ercise power over all rightful subjects of legisla-
tion, not contrary to the oiganic actor the "Con-
stitution, and Mr. Geyer proposed to abrogate all
those laws at one stroke of the pen. I remember
the occasion very well. I recollect how it im-
pressed me. These were police laws. They may
have been wise or unwise; but they wore mere po-
lice laws. The test oath was a police law. The
law prohibiting discussion upon the subject of
slavery was apohce law. ltis alaw which is now
the law of many of the States. These were la\vs
that had been passed by the Territorial Legisla-
ture of Kansas under the organic act. What dis-
position was made of it? Mr. Geyer's amendment
prevailed, and upon a vote taken by yeas and nays
that amendment, thus intervening by act of Con-
gress to annul the territorial legislation upon these
police laws, was carried by a vote of forty against
three. As the Journal shows, the Senators voting
m the negative were Messrs. Brown of Missis-
sippi, Pitzpatiuck of Alabama, and Mason of
Virginia.
Mr. President, this was intervention in 185(>, if
I am capable of understanding what meaning is
to be ascribed to the word. There was interven-
tion, by a vote of 40 to 3, in the Senate, within two
years after the law passed; taking away the legis-
lative will which had been given by the organic
act to the people of the Territory, and substituting
the will of Congress in its place. Nothing, then,
was referred to the judiciary. 1 voted against it,
because I thought it was in violation oY the or-
ganic act. We had by this act confided all these
questions to the judgment of the people of the Ter-
ritory without restriction, except as to questions
of constitutional right. The people of the Terri-
tory, exercising the power, passed those laws.
The Senate asserted its right to annul them; be-
cause it was thought, perhaps, they were harsh,
tyrannical, unjust, oppressive—I care not what.
Certain it is, the Senate had no scruples, from any
doctrine of non-intervention,in strikingthem from
the territorial code. What authorized that act of
intervention? There was no question of consti-
tutional right raised, that I heard of; or, if ther^
was, then, under the organic act, they could be
tested only in the courts; but this seems to have
been neithrrsuggestcd or considered. The amend-
ment was adopted; and the bill passed with the
amendmentinit; butitwaslostm theothor House.
There was intervention. There was not only a
practical construction of the law, but a wrong
construction, in my judgment, for 1 voted against
it; but it was a practical and almost cotempora-
neous constiuction of the law, eaiiying with it
the vote of the Senate with but three'dissentients.
I cannot well understand, then, how our hands
are tied by this word "non-intervention," in a
case that has been referred to the judiciary, when
the Senate was at liberty, on the occasion cited,
to annul a whole series of laws, not one of which
had been referred to the courts.
But, Mr. President, the honorable Senator from
Illinois, ycsteiday, m very impressive terms,
asked: will you, by the intervention of Con-
gress, after the people of aTerritory have decided
that they will not have slavery—will you, by law,
force slavery upon that reluctant people? That is
the light in which he views it, and in which he
presents it. The people of the Territory of Kan-
sas, as I understand, have passed a law prohibit-
ing in some mode the introduction of slavery into
that Territory, or expelling it; and to that extent
have shown, what may be true, that the people
who are there do not desire to have the condition
of slavery amongst them; and the honorable Sen-
ator asks, will you, by a law, force that institu-
tion upon a reluctant people? I say, no; but I
would do this: 1 would, by law, make the people
of the Territory confoimto the Constitution, and
respect the rights of others. It is no answer to
me to say that you are forcing slavery on a re-
luctant people. The people of a Territory have
no legislative will on that subject; the Constitu-
tion and the laws have denied it to them; the court
has so declared; and if they attempt to exercise it,
they do it in open, flagrant disregard of the rights
of the copartners in the Territories. I would in-
tervene m whatever manner might be most effect-
ual and judicious, not to force slavery on a reluc*
tant people, but to compel a rebellious and factious
people to regaid.the rights of others, and the Con-
stitution of their country.
That honorable Senator, however, claims that
there is asserted by our construction of the* Con-
stitution a power to " establish" slavery in the
Territories; and he goes on to reason, if that be
true, and there is power under the Constitution to
" establish" slavery in the Territories, as the Con-
stitution is uniform in its action throughout all
the land, both in the States and in the Tei ritories,
there is a like power to establish slavery in the
States. If his first proposition be granted, the
conclusion would seem necessarily to follow. If
we had ever asserted or claimed any power in the
Constitution of the United States to establish sla-
very anywhere, it would follow that we had the
right to establish it everywhere. I agree with
him in that. But, sir, what does he mean by
"establishing" slavery? Let us come to the
meaning of the term, and understand it. I have
heard it used more than once as a term of potent
meaning, and from which most potent conclusions
t weie drduocd. If by the term "establishing"
! slavery, is to be imported anything like founding
it, instituting it, creating if, or even fixing it per-
manently, I utterly disclaim it, not only as notin
the Constitution, but as not known to law any-
where. If by "establishing" slavery, to insti-
tute it, ordain it, found it, I utteily disclaim it as
not m the Constitution, and nowhere to be found
in law. It is a misuse of the term, and if applied
it can only be to lead to unfounded and mischiev-
ous conclusions. I know of no law now existing
anywhere that establishes the condition of sla-
very, if it is meant by establishing to fouiltl it, or
institute it, to begin it, or to en-ate it.
Sir, I have had occasion, more than once, in this
Chamber, to challenge opinions and to challenge
judgment on that point. I know that honorable
Senators on the other side of the Chamber assume
that the condition of slavery is the creature of pos-
itive law, and that where there is no law creating,
founding, or establishing" it,it cannot exist. 1
have had occasion, as I have said, more than once,
to challenge opinion and authority in the Senate
on this dogma—for such it simply is. f challenge
it now. The Constitution does not estaulish
slavery—nobody ev( r pretended it—m the Terri-
tories, or in the States, or in the District of Co-
lumbia, or in the arsenals, or in the forts, or any-
where else. The Constitution does nothing more
than what is ascribed to it in the judgment of the
Supreme Court in the Dred Scott case: it uecou-
nizes it as an existing condition, nothing more.
Sir, the language of the court is this, summing
up the reasons for the judgment of tin* court m
disaffirming the act of Congress prohibiting sla-
very m the Territory of Louisiana north of the
parallel of 36° 30':
u And if the Constitution recognizes the i ighr of piopsity
of the master m a slave, and make* no discmction between
that drseiiption o[ property and othei piopeit) owri-d Sty a
citizen, no tnbunal. acting undei the uuthouty o; tin' Uni-
ted States, whethei it be leyNative, executive. <n judicial,
has a light to dtaw isuch a'di&tmction, or den\ to it the
benefit of the piovibions and guaiantw-i which iuiv* been
provided lor the pioteetion of private propeitv agauM the
eneioachvtjpiits of the Government.
" Now, as- wo have already bald in an earlier pai t of this
