1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
743
voted upon by this House frequently, should not
now be again adopted ?
I remember, sir, the scene described by the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Stanton,] and which
took place in the Thirty-Fourth Congress. It was
during my first service in Congress, and I was
struck with amazement when I saw one hundred
amendments come from the Senate and passed
upon on the report of a committee of conference
without being read; but let it be remembered that
those amendments were not, for the most part,
general legislation, as the gentleman from Mary-
land [Mr. Harris] supposes, but appropriations
of money. 1 appeal to any gentleman who' has
had experience m this House, whether the rules
of order are allowed even to stand in the way of
appropriating large sums of money, in which
Army and Navy contractors and other jobbers are
interested? And in what House of Representa-
tives was that scene enacted' In a House of Rep-
resentatives assembled in the old Hall, presided
over by Hon. Nathaniel P. Banks, of Massachu-
setts, and controlled by a large Republican ma-
jority. Search through the annals of our legisla-
tion, and you will find no such extravagantappro-
priations as were made by that House.
Mr. STANTON. The gentleman's recollection
is at fault. The amendments referred to were put
on by a Democratic Senate; and the Republican
party in that House of Representatives, as the
gentleman alleges it had, had not a majority.
Mr. GARNETT. It was a Republican plural-
ity; but it was a plurality which controlled the
election of a Speaker, ana the formation of the
committees. It was, in fufft, p. majority which
gave tone to the House, and which came near de-
feating the Army bill in the way referred to this
morning. I do not care, sir, who has the majority
when 1 and my party can control the House as
your party did during that Congress.
Mr. Chairman, ever since I have been here, I
have noticed that whenever a proposition is made
for reform, and to cut down salaries, they are
fenced round and defended by parliamentary rules
and tactics. Every gentleman who has been here
ally length of time knows the perverse ingenuity
with w hich our rules are constructed. Under them
it is almost impossible to get up any measure of
independent legislation. Scarcely any reform is
made, scarcely any great measure of legislation
is passed, unless it is incorporated in an appro-
priation bill. I admit, if we had now the recon-
struction of the rules of the House and the Senate,
that we could make better ones. I claim to be
a practical man, and when I find a practical way
of carrying out just and proper legislation, as is
shown in these amendments, I will not stickle
upon mere abstractions, but I will follow that way,
I will vote for them.
But my colleague said that if you abolish the
franking privilege, or franking duty, as he called
it, you would save no money by it. You would
save the transportation annually of two million
pounds of documents through the mails. Does
that transportation cost nothing? Does he think
we can carry two million pounds of documents
through the mails without adding to the cost of
transporting the mails ? But that is not all.
That does not include the speeches of members
of Congress, or the electioneering documents, so
many millions of which are sent out from this city
every year. Already you have organized upon
each side a Republican committee and a Dem-
ocratic committee to spend the summer here—
to do what? To frank documents—not merely
documents published by order of Congress, not
merely the speeches of members of Congress, but
every species of electioneering documents, mere
partisan documents, which may be prepared for
the occasion. Now, whether that be done by one
party or by the other, I am opposed to it. I do
not think we have a right to use the revenues of
the United States, to use the taxes paid by the
people of the country, either to electioneer for
ourselves ill our own district, or for our candidate
for President.
But my colleague said further, that whether you
Crmt few or many documents, the expense would
e nearly the same; that after you had once paid
for the composition, the printing of an additional
extra number would cost but very little. I ask
him to reconcile that statement with this fact, that
the printing of the Thirty-Fifth Congress for the
House of Representatives—I mean the press-work
and composition—cost §206,000, while the paper
cost $229,000. Going back to the preceding
Congress, you find that while the printing cost
$954,000, the paper cost $343,000. And so of the
Congress that preceded that. This shows that my
colleague was entirely mistaken in that statement
also.
He calls this franking privilege a duty, and
says that he does not want, nor do the members
of Congress want, to be relieved of the franking
privilege. I believe that many gentlemen d«*not
want to be relieved of this duty; and when the
House comes to vote upon the bill introduced by
the gentleman from Ohio, to reduce the pay of
members of Congress, I presume my colleague
willsnyhedoesnotwantto he relieved from calling
upon the Sergeant-at-Arms for his present pay. 1
imagine he will say so. Yet here is an item of
expense for transportation and for printing docu-
ments, to which the mere pay of members of Con-
gress is but a trifle.
But gentlemen say this is a mode of educating
the people. Now, I do not believe that the free
American -people need congressional teaching.
They do not require or wish that we should set
ourselves up as schoolmasters. They do not re-
quire that wffl should convert ourselves into ma-
chinery for the diffusion of information among
them. I believe we have to trust only to their
own energies, to the information they already
have—trust to their passion for knowledge—trust
to their love for the truth—trust to the mighty
agency of a free press, which day by day is dif-
fusing information through the country to hun-
dreds and thousands which your franking privi-
lege never reaches. I would trust to that, and
reduce this Government to the simplest form of
machinery for the protection of life and property;
I would keep it within its legitimate functions,
as defined by the old State-rights party, and not
allow it to wander off, in the imagination that it
is a machine for the education and civilization of
the people; and by the same agencies with which
we have attained to our present greatness, by the
same free press, by the same individual energies,
we shall attain a higher advance in all that makes
a nation prosperous, than wo shall by acting upon
the idea that this Government is an agent to teach,
instruct, and civilize the people.
.If I am not mistaken, it has been one of the
aims of old monarchies, and more especially of
oligarchies, to give exclusive privileges, to select
a favored few and give them privileges by means
of which they might retain and secure their hold
of power; and yet, sir, I refer you to the instance
of Great Britain, which, under the influence of
modern progress, has recognized the equality of the
masses of the people, and has abolished this frank-
ing privilege which formerly was exercised bythe
Throne, bythe Lords, and House of Commons.
England has taken it away from her Majesty
herself, and from Parliament, and recognizes no
right as belonging to them, m this respect, which
is not enjoyed by the free people of Great Britain.
My friend tried to raise a question of privilege
against the Senate, and said that the Senate was
dictating to us. Has not tin; Senate the right,
according to its own rules, to put its amendments
to our bills? We have the right to reject tliem
when we think they are wrong. We have not the
right to sav what the Senate shall do. ^
"Mr. MILLSON. I think my colleague misap-
prehends what I said.
Mr. GARNETT. For my part, I entertain no
suchjealousy as to the action ofacoordmate branch
of this Government. I would deprecate any at-
tempt to get up suehafeeling. Each Housestands
equal in power before the country; and 1 believe
the country is indebted to no branch of the Gov-
ernment more, than to the Senate, and to the great
principle upon which it is organized and formed.
My colleague speaks of this proposition to abol-
ish the franking privilege, coming from the Ex-
ecutive Department, as chargeable to the esprit de
corps, and to the official pride of the executive dig-
nitary. Are there no other dignitaries who have
official pride ? Are there no persons—such as mem-
bers of Congress—who value the privileges of po-
sition, who are unwilling to part with them, who
cling to them with a miser's grasp, and refuse to
be stripped of the ir privileges ?
Mr. MILLSON. I can only say that, person-
ally, I should be most delighted if I could be re-
lieved from the burden of franking.
Mr. GARNETT. One gentleman would bo
delighted to be relieved from the burden offrank-
ing. Another gentleman is ir( favor of the amend-
ment as«n abstract question; but he finds the rule
of the House in the way. They are not ready to
adopt this amendment now, but prefer to wait for
some more convenient season; and I think it will
be very difficult to find a convenient season which
will suit the fancies of gentlemen who are not
ready to go for it now. I am ready to strike at
this franking privilege now, because it will save a
large item of expense; and I am for striking at it
now, because we are on the eve of a presidential
election; and I do not wish to see this privilege
perverted for corrupt party purposes.
Esprit de corps! My colleague says the Exec-
utive Department has recommended it. And here
we have the remarkable spectacle of the Committee
of Ways and Means, composed of the most op-
posite materials, all agreeing with the chairman
that the amendments of the Senate shall not be
incorporated in our bills, but that they must be
passed simply as they come from the Committee
of Ways and Means.
Mr. PHELPS. If I understand the gentleman,
he remarked that the Committee of Ways and
Means were unanimous in recommending that
both these amendments be non-concurred in by
the House.
Mr. GARNETT. I so understood it.
Mr. PHELPS. 1 certainly stated to the House
that I was in favor of the first amendment, in ref-
erence to the printing of Post Office blanks. I
stated, that while I believed it was not in the pro-
per place, yet inasmuch as it involved a whole-
some reform, I was for it. I said nothing in
reference to the other proposition, because the
committee had not reached it in its consideration;
but, inasmuch as it has been brought into this dis-
cussion, I will say that so far as the franking
privilege is concerned, I was ready in the last
Congress, and I am ready to vote for it now.
Mr. GARNETT. I was not alluding to the
gentleman, and I am glad to be corrected. I was
out of the House when the gentleman made his
remarks, and was therefore under a misapprehen-
sion. I was referring especially to the position
taken by my colleague, [Mr. Millson,] who, if
I understood him yesterday, stated that the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means had agreed to keep
clear of all amendments proposing general legis-
lation.
Mr. MILLSON. I do not remember to have
made that remark yesterday morning. The com-
mittee had not then acted upon the bill. I did
say, however, that I believed there would be a
general determination on the part of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means to keep their bills clear
of all extraneous matter.
Mr. GARNETT. Now, sir, what is the posi-
tion of the Committee of Ways and Means in
this House ? It has priority over all the commit-
tees of the House. It reports its appropriation
bills to the House, and they are referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
without reading. It has, under the rule, no right
to report anything except the appropriations ne-
cessary to carry on the Government and author-
ized by existing laws; but, under the practice of
this House, as is remarked m the Manual by Mr.
Barclay, nothing which they report is ruled out,
fur the reason that no point of order can be taken,
because the members do not know what tliey have
reported until their bills are before the House and
it is too late. When the bill comes before the
House, a member moves an amendment looking
to reform, but he is told that it is not in order.
The bill goes to the Senate, and they put on cer-
tain amendments; but when it is returned here,
we are told they must be rejected because the
House has excluded itself from inserting them;
so that, practically, the Committee of Ways and
Means has entire control of the appropriation
bills in this House, and we cannot incorporate
in them any provision looking to refoum, un-
less it comes from the Senate. I say that that is
just as much esprit de corps, as when the Post-
master General and the President of the United
States, in pur^n-iure of their official duty, make
recommendations to Congress for the abolition of
the franking privilege. I am surprised that cen-
sure should be sought to be cast upon them for
doing so. While, therefore, I am in favor of this
amendment relative to the Post Office blanks;
