322
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 1,
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Slavery Question—Mr. Wilson.
Ho. op Reps.
smallest State disturbs th£ whole harmony of the
political system. Whatever evils may exist, an
armed invasion of a State is a still greater evil.
Whatever wrongs may be supported and perpetu-
ated, insurrection—servjle insurrection—is still
more deplorable. I therefore, not reluctantly, but
as a cheerful duty, denounce every act which would
weaken or sever the American Union. And I do
this the more cheerfully, because I speak in part
for a State not unmindful of her deep obligations
to Virginia for the rich blessings of freedom which
she possesses, and will continue to preserve in-
violate as her honor and her existence. Sir, the
blow that struck "Virginia fell heavily upon the
Heart of every Statein theUnion. ButVirginiahas
vindicated her honor and her sovereignty. With
that vindication let her rest content, secure of the
past. With her proud revolutionary memories;
with her long line of illustrious statesmen—her
Washington and Jefferson and Madison and
Henry and Marshall—who have shed undying
luster on her name and the American name—let
Virginia,the mother of States, look forward into
the future—
" Glorying in the immortals of her race,
Throw lound a hundred sons her proud embrace."
Mr. Chairman, the debates, both before and
since the organization of the House,#have been
of an extraordinary character. They have dis-
closed some great truths. Not the least is, that
this Administration is weak, distracted, impotent,
and rapidly progressing to its final overthrow and
dissolution. And again, that, m the transition of
power from one party to another, violence of ex-
pression and of action is to be expected. Neither
individuals norparties will relinquish power with-
out a struggle; and ttie resistance is more determ-
ined and persistent when itsloss appears most in-
evitable. It is natural. History is crowded with
such examples. No one, then, should be sur-
prised at much that we have seen and much that
wc have heard during the present session. They
have disclosed another and significant fact: that
there are individuals and States which, in certain
contingencies, would resist the action of the peo-
ple, expressed in pursuance and according to the
forms of the Constitution. Sn, this is a dangei-
ous doctrine—it is revolution, But while such a
spirit is to be deprecated and regretted, it is not
either to l>e feared or avoided, it should not, and
I know will not, deter/hny one in the conscien-
tious discharge of his duty. And more, I feel
confident that this Government will be equal to
any emergency, and will protect and maintain its
integrity at any cost. When it fails, when it be-
comes unequal to the task, then,sir,its preserva-
tion and continuance will be desirable no longer.
It then is important to inquire what is the cause
of the sectional strife which now so unhappily
agitates the country. It is equally important to
know where the responsibility shall rest. The
cause is apparent. It is a broad, radical, and ir-
reconcilable difference of opinion between the ex-
isting parties upon the question of slavery.
Whether this difference of opinion will justify
the South in the extreme position which she has
assumed, and the consequences which she threat-
ens, I think is very doubtful. Whether it is the
manner to obtain the confidence of the people of
the United States, time will fully determine. Out
of this difference have grown innumerable charges
against the people of the free States—not the least
of which is the charge of sectionalism. I do not
understand tiie charge. Sections and counter-
sections!—I do not acknowledge the distinction.
What have wc to do with sections ? How can wc
legislate for sections? We act for the general
welfare; we legislate for the whole country. I
repudiate the doctrine that it is my duty to legis-
late simply for the interest of my own State, or
that I owe to her my first and last allegiance. I
owe allegiance to all the States; I owe allegiance
to the Union. But whenever I can advance the
interests of my own State, without detriment to
other States, then it is my duty so to act; other-
wise, not. This is my doctrine; this is the true
constitutional doctrine. How, then, stands the
slavery question ? How can those opposed to
slavery control the Government? Never, untH
they obtain possession of all the departments of
Government. Then opposition to the extension
of slavery ceascs to be a sectional question. Then
it becomes the voice of the majority. Then it is
the general welfare. Then it should prevail. It
will not do to say that the restriction of slavery
within its present limits will militate against the
interest of the slaveholding States, and that there-
fore we shall not legislate against its extension.
That will not do. Tha fact that a particular in-
terest will be materially injured may be a matter
of regret, but never a cause for the abandonment
of principle or*true policy; never,sir. The gen-
eral public welfare is of far greater consideration
than any peculiar interest of any State or States.
The general welfare is the test o;f all political
questions. How shall that general'welfare be de-
termined? The way is plain. There is one com-
mon ground for all the States, and there is no other.
I want no other. It is the Constitution. What-
ever it declares, I am willing/to abide by, and
maintain its guarantees. Beyond this, no State
can or ought to demand,
What, then, are the peculiar rights of the slave-
holding States under the Constitution. Their
enumeration is not difficult, nor are they involved
in great doubt. I shall speak of them as admit-
ted. What are they? They arc these: the right
of the people of the slave 'States to hold their
slaves as property, independent of the Federal
Government; the right of representation based
upon their slaves in the ratio fixed by the Consti-
tution; the right to reclaim their fugitive slaves
held to service by the laws of the several slave
States. Thesearethepeculiarconstitutional rights
of the South. These are all; and I concede them
all. I can find no jnore. There are no more.
Now, sir, I wish to speak of these peculiar
rights in reference to the accusation, so frequently
and so unjustifiably made against the people of
the free States, of their violation.
The gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Curry] an$
the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Boyce]
have been pleased to absolve the Republican party
of all immediate intention to attack and over-
throw these rights. In their opinion, the danger
is beyond—yet to come; and when it does come,
it will bo uncontrollable, and will overwhelm us
of the Republican party who now stand where
we do, and all others, in one common ruin; that
the present feeling will be followed by a more
angry and intensified feeling; that this which wc
now sec is but the advancing wave, to be followed
by angrier waves from the ocean of public opinion
that will overwhelm all within their reach.
I cannot agree with the gentlemen. I sec no
cause for such apprehension. It is groundless.
I have spoken of the peculiar rights of the South.
They are peculiar. No other Government on
earth has such rights. One of these is the right
to hold slaves as property in the several States
where slavery exists. Now to the fact. I say
here, and it is true—the whole history of the coun-
try sustains the assertion—that, from the first
hour of our national existence until now, through
eighty years, there has not been one step in ad-
vance on this question, or in subversion of this
right. It is as complete and intact now as at
any other time. It is as perfect now as the day
the Government was formed. Do you ask for
the evidence? Sir, when the first Congress was
convened, under the Constitution, petitions were
presented from the State of Pennsylvania, asking
that measures might be adopted to secure the ab-
olition of slavery throughout the United States
by the General Government. This was in 1787.
How were they met ? What was the action of that
Congress? Did it grant the prayer of the peti-
tioners ? Not at all. That Congress declared just
what the Republican party believe and maintain
this day. They decided and settled forever the
relation of the Federal Government to the question
of slavery in the States, in the following resolu-
tion:
" Resolved, That Congress have no authority to interfere
in the emancipation of slaves, or the treatment of them,
in any of the States; it remaining with the several States
alone* to provide rules and regulations therein which hu-
manity and true policy may require."
What advance has been made in regard to sla-
very in the States beyond this since that day?
Not a single step—not one. There has been no
movement whatever; there is none contemplated
now. You deceive yourselves, you deceive your
people, when you assert otherwise. Is there any
petition here to abolish slavery in the States? Is
there any assumption of such power by this Con-
gress? Was there in the last Congress, or any
preceding Congress? None at all. Has the ab-
olition of slavery been demanded by any State'
Has it been urged by any respectable convention
of the people ? If so, I have failed to discover the
fact. No, sir; none has. Why, then, create im-
aginary evils? Why assume that there is danger
when there is none? Where is the foundation for
such apprehension? Isitin the present excite-
ment on the subject of slavery ? Why, sir, this
is not the first excitement on that question. Wc
had the Missouri excitement; we had the Califor-
nia excitement; wc had the Kansas excitement.
But the country happily survived them all, and it
will survive this. In all these struggles, what at-
tempt, or approach to an attempt, was ever made
to disturb the institution of slavery in the States?
None. Then, I take it for granted that there is no
possible danger that either the Federal Govern-
ment or the people of the free States will inter-
fere with slavery where illegally exists. I con-
sider that a settled question. Besides, it is your
concern, not ours. With you is the responsi-
bility, not with us. I am willing, therefore, to
leave this question for its final solution where it
rightfully belongs—with the people of the slave-
holding States.
But to proceed to another peculiar right of the
South. I mean the right of representation based
upon slave property. If I remember correctly the
speech of the honorable gentleman from Virginia,,
[Mr. Pryor,] he said that, as the Constitution
now stands, the slave States had relinquished a
portion of their rights in this respect. I certainly
do not think so. 1 thinkthe gentleman was clearly
mistaken. If slaves are property, why should it
have additional advantages over all other kinds of
property? Why give such property representation
at all? Is it not a discrimination in your favor? •
But, sir, it is too late to complain of this provision
of the Constitution. Indeed, it is unjust to do so.
The slave States themselves insisted upon the rule
when under the Confederation. Besides, when
the question of taxation was considered in the
convention, the slave States, without dissent, ob-
jected to their slave population being taken intocon-
sideration for taxation. It was urged that it would
be urqust and oppressive that the slave States
should be compelled to bear the weight of taxation
upon their slave property, unless all other prop-
erty in the free States was included. Well, sir,
what did the Federal convention do? It adopted
precisely the rule under the Confederation. Tax-
ation and representation were made equal. Then,
in fact, it was a compromise. Upon the one side
as to taxation, and upon the other as to representa-
tion. The South received an equivalent satisfac-
tory at the time, and which should be satisfactory
now. *
What has been the effect of this compromise?
Has it worked an injury to the slave States. Cer-
tainly not. It is a fact well established that the
founders of our Government never contemplated
the admission of additional States at the time of
the adoption of the Constitution. They never
looked beyond the Mississippi. It never entered
their conceptions that new States would arise on
the Pacific. But where is the limit now—where
the boundary? Where will our god Terminus at
last erect his altar? Sir, it is not for me to answer.
1 cannot answer. What other nations remain yet
to be despoiled cannot now be foreseen. But in
this advance of the Republic, slavery has kept
even step. It has increased, and strengthened in
its increase, until now it has become an element
of power. It gathered strength first in the pur-
chase of Louisiana, then in the purchase of Flor-
ida, and lastly in the acquisition of Texas. In
all these acquisitions, and the admission of new
States, has this right of slave representation ever
been denied? Has it been restricted? Has it
ever been questioned by the people of the free
| States? No. They have witnessed the rapid pro-
gress of slavery, until it has become vast m its
proportions, multitudinous m its numbers, and
exacting in its demands. But while they have
thus witnessed its growth, they have- never en-
deavored to subvert th is peculiar light of the South.
Nor do they now so intend.
Another right secured to the South under the
