ms
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
•Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Is the Chair offi-
cially informed of that fact?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair sus-
tained the point when it was raised.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. The Chair has
called mc to oider because I have not paid mv fees.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has
not called the gentleman to order. A member of
the House has called him to order,
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. And it is to be
presumed that when a member rises in his place,
he has the right and the liberty to address the
Chair. Are those gentlemen who call to order
officially informed that the fees are not paid? I
insist on information on this point.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The last time
the gentleman was brought to the bar of the
House he was under arrest by order of the
House, and was discharged on payment of the
fees. The payment of the fees woa a condition of
his discharge. If the gentleman from New York
has paid the fees, the Chair will overrule the ob-
jection.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. The point of order
should come in the shape of an inquiry whether
the gentleman from New York 1ms paiduhe fees
or not. I have paid the fees; and, under the rul-
ing of.the Chair, I now feel at liberty to raise the
point of order. I raise the point of order that the
resolution on which the main question was or-
dered is not the resolution that has been now
read at the Clerk's desk. The language, as I
apprehend, is different, and in essential terms.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will
state that the resolution was modified by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I beg pardon of
the Chair. The question of modification was not
formally proposed by the Cluur, nor have we on
this side heard it. The language used before was
that the Sergeant-at-Arms should use '* proper
means" 
Mr. BINGHAM, I understand the previous
question has been ordered on this matter.
_ MrvJOHN COCHRANE. Yes, sir; but I am
rising a> a point of order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. AU points of or-
der after the previous question must be decided
without debate.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I am stating the
point of order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair over-
rules the point of order. The resolution was mod-
ified by unanimous.consenf.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Will the Chair
state wherein the difference consists? If it is an
immatenul difference, 1 will not make the point
of order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will
state that the gentleman from Pennsylvania pro-
posed to modify his resolution, and the Chair
said that it could be done by unanimous consent.
No objection was made; and the gentleman, there-
fore, had permission to modify his resolution. I
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. The Speaker mis- i
understands me. The point I make is, that the j
language really stated, and upon which the House 1
really voted, was, that the Sergeant-at-Arms make i
use of the " proper means.*' j
Mr. HICKMAN. My recollection is entirely \
different from that of the gentleman from New j
York. My recollection is, that the language !
means necessaryt> was used. !
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. That was not the j
language which I understood to be propounded, 1
anu upon which I voted. 1
Mr. HICKMAN. No question has yet been \
taken upon it. 1 was required to put my r< solu-
tion in writing; and when that was required,!
had the right to use my own language, which 1 !
did.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 ask the gentle- ,
man from Pennsylvania, then, to modify his reso- •
lution by making use of the woids "proper '
means" instead of *£ necessary (
Mr. HICKMAN. No, sir. The resolution is J
drawn precisely, as I wish to see u adopted. I 1
want tlie Sergeant-at-Arms to use all the nieans ;
necessary to bring these absent members here. i
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Then, I rise to a j
question of order. I submit that the lesolution
now before the House,as it has been read, is not
the resolution upon which the previous question
was ordered.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair over-
rules the question of order.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I appeal from that
decision.
Mr. SPINNER. I move to lay the appeal on
the table.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I call for the yeas
and nays upon the motion to lay on the table.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The appeal was laid on the table.
The question recurred upon the adoption of the
resolution.
Mr. KILGORE. Is it in order to aslc a ques-
tion ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is not, except
by unanimous consent.
t Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I make this ques-
tion of order, that nothing is in order except the
arraignment of those who are at the bar of the
House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair sus-
tains the question of order. The arraignment of
those who are at the bar of the House is the reg-
ular order of business; and to call for their ar-
raignment is to call for the regular order of busi-
ness.
Mr. HICKMAN. Is it not now too late to
make that question, when the House has, by
unanimous consent, gone into the consideration
of this resolution, and the previous question has
been ordered upon it?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will
state to the gentleman from Pennsylvania that
every member at the bar of the House has the
right to vote upon thc*rcsolution of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, if the House shall dis-
charge them from custody; and they have the
right to have the decision of the House upon their
discharge before any vote is taken upon other
business.
Mr. Pryor was then arraigned at the bar of
the House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Pryor, you
have been absent from the House without its
leave,. What excuse have you to render?
Air. PRYOR. I remained in the House until
six o'clock, or after; and being somewhat indis-
posed—understanding that no business wa^to be
transacted—-I went homo. I would have staid,
however, notwithstanding my sickness, if 1 had
supposed any very important business was to be
transacted.
Mr. CURTIS. I move that the gentleman be
excused without the payment of fees.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr Webster was next arraigned.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Webster,
you have been absent from the House without
its leave. What excuse have you to render?
Mr. AVEBSTER. I came into the Hail yes-
terday, about eleven o'clock,and staid until about
half past eight o'clock last night; when, being
fatigued with the labors of the day, and suppos-
ing, from my past experience in the House, that
my services w<-re no longer necessary, I retired.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move the gentleman lie ex-
cused upon the payment of the usual fees.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. Kilgore was then arraigned.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Kilgore,
you have been absent from the House without its
leave. What excuse have you to render?
Mr. KILGORE. I will remark that, on yes-
terday, the gentleman from Illinois [Mr Robix-
son] called upon me, and desired that I should
pair with him, stating that he wished to attend
the funeral of the childof Judge Douglas. I re-
mained here until about two o'clock. The House
was then engaged in the discussion of the Mis-
souri contested-election ease. I was assured by
the gentleman who had the matter in charge that
he expected to force a vote upon it; and being
paired with the gentleman from Illinois, I sup-
posedit would be unnecessary for me to return.
That is the only excuse I have for my absence.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move that the gentleman
be excused with the usual fees.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. Hamilton was arraigned.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Hamilton,
you have been absent from the House without
Us leave. AVhat excuse have you to render?
Mr. HAMILTON. I have about the usual
excuse. I was in my seat in the House until
about seven o'clock in the evening, and, suppos-
ing myself certain that no other business would
be transacted during that sitting of the House, I
retired to my room, and was engaged in my ordi-
nary business until bed time, when I retired. I
will say, in further explanation, that when I was
first sought for by the Sergeant-at-Arms, my land-
lord informed him that I was not there. When
he came the second time, 1 heard him myself and
responded to the call.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move that the gentleman
be excused without the payment of fees.
Mr. HAMILTON, I have no wish that the
House should do that.
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman says he
does not wish it. I do not think the fine should
be self-imposed. Now, Mr. Speaker, these pro-
ceedings will, of course, go out before the coun-
try, and they will be there understood, perhaps,
in a very different sense from what they are by
us here at four or five o'clock in the morning. All
who are familiar with the proceedings of the
House are very well aware that the House yes-
terday continued in session, attending to its ordi-
nary business, until an unusually late hour, when
the gentleman from Texas left the House, as did
a great majority of the members, under the well-
founded belief thot there would be no more real
business transacted; that their further attendance
would not be needed or desired; that the House
was going into Committee of the Whole for gen-
eral debate, by which we understand debate not
germane to any subject of legislation under con-
sideration—such debate as is usually had in the
presence of a few persons interested in the par-
ticular subject of discussion, under circumstances
which generally are considered as excusing gen-
tlemen entirely for going home and attending to
their private business.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. One word.
I made the same point on last Saturday; and
therefore it could not have been reasonably ex-
pected that I would not do it again. I promised
then that I should make the point whenever I
found the commuteec were without a quorum;
and gentlemen must have known that what I
promise 1 generally do.
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman will recol-
lect that there were very few persons here last
Saturday wli^n he made his poiut.
Mi. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. The pro-
ceedings of the House were published.
Mr. MAYNARD. That particular proceeding
may not have met the eye of many gentlemen.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I do not like to interrupt the
gentleman, but I hope he will be brief.
Mr. MAYNARD. My object was simply to
place upon record the fact, which 1 suppose will
be admitted by every one, that these gentlemen
are guilty of nothing except following the ordi-
nary arid usual practice of members. I have the
right to say it, because I believe I have never
been absent during a call of the House. I have
been present on almost every occasion; but I have
made this statement in order that the constituents
of these gentlemen may not put any unfavorable
construction upon these proceedings.
Mr. Hamilton was excuscd.
Mr. English was next arraigned.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. English,
you have been absent from the House without its
leave. AVhat excuse have you to offer?
Mr. ENGLISH. It is well known, by most of
the members of this House, that I am usually
very piompt in my attendance upon its sessions.
I paired yesterday with Mr. Wood, of Pennsyl-
vania, about five o'clock. I remained in the
House, nevertheless, until after dark. I then left,
under the impression that the House was on the
point of adjourning, and I did not know to the
contrary till about three o'clock this morning,
when I heard the House was in session, and im-
mediately came here.
Mr. CASE. I move that my colleague be dis-
charged upon the payment of the usual fees.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. Duell was arraigned.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Duell, you
have been absent from the House without its
leave. AVhat excuse have you to offer?
Mr. DUELL. I was in attendance yesterday
from eleven o'clock until half past six. Feeling
