1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1765
Simm*s, William N. H. Smith, Staliworth, Stevenson,
Stokes, Taylor","Thomas, and Vance—45.
So the amendment was agreed to.
During the vote,
Mr. GOOCH stated that he had paired off, for
this evening, with Mr. BarksbaIe.
Mr. ASrlMORE stated that if he had been
within the bar when his name was called he would
have voted " no."
Mr. GARTH ELL. I move to dispense with
the reading of the names.
The motion was agreed to.
JACOB WEED.
Mr. HOARD. I desire to move that the report
and papers in the case of Jacob Weed be recom-
mitted to the Committee of Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. THEAKER.from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined, and
found truly enrolled, bills of the following titles;
when the Speaker signed the same; namely:
Joint resolution for the compensation of Rev.
R. R. Richards, late chaplain to the United States
penitentiary, in the District of Columbia.
An act for the relief of Angelina C. Bowman,
widow of Francis L. Bowman, late Captain in j
the United StatesiArmy.
Joint resolution to allow credit to certain dis-
bursing officers therein mentioned.
Mr. GARTRELL. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to.
And thereupon (at naif past four o'clock, p. m.)
the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, April 18, 1860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
The Journal ofyesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition of Caleb
E. Parker, praying for an invalid pension on ac-
count of injuries received in the military servicc
of the United States, in the war of 1812; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. DIXON presented a petition of citizens of
Massachusetts and Connecticut, praying the en-
actment of a uniform bankrupt law, as contem-
plated by the Constitution of the United States;
which was referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
Mr. LANE presented the petition of Yelland
Foreman, praying an appropriation to enable him
to construct an apparatus for enabling vessels to
pass over bars, with a view to test the feasibility
of Ins invention; which was reterred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. FITCH presented the petition of Dr.
William F. Shcrrod, praying compensation for
his services as an assistant surgeon during the
war with Mexico; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. HALE. I present a petition of inventors
and patentees, praying that the right of appeal
from the decisions of the Commissioner of Pat-
ents to the judiciary be not abolished. I move
that it be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion will
go to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. FITCH. The memorial has been sub-
mitted to the committee. It is in relation to a
matter that is now pending, and the committcc
direct mc to report in favor of printing the usual
number. I ask for the adoption of the report.
The report was concurred in.
PETITIONS ON SLAVERY.
Mr. SUMNER. I present the petition of Henry
El well, jr., and four hundred and fifty-five others,
of Manchester, in Massachusetts, earnestly pcti-
tionmg Congress to repeal the fugitive slave law
of 1850; to abolish slavery m the District of Co-
lumbia, and in the United States Territories; to
prohibit the inter-State slave trade; and to pass a
resolution pledging Congress against the admis-
sion of any slave State into the Union, the afcqiu-
sition of any slave territory, and the employment
of any slaves by any agent, contractor, omcer,
or department, of the Federal Government. Also,
a like petition of Alvan Howes and fifty-five oth-
ers, of Barnstable, Massachusetts. Also, a like
petition of John Clement and one hundred and
nineteen others, of Townsend, Massachusetts.
Also, a like petition of Samuel L. Rockwood and
seventy-three others, of Weymouth, Massachu-
setts. Also, a like petition of J. H. Browne and
sixty-four others, of Sudbury, Massachusetts.
Also, a like petition of Daniel Hosmer and ninety-
eight others, of Sterling, Massachusetts. Also, a
like petition of Albert Gould and one hundred
and thirty-one others, of Leicester, Massachu-
setts. Also, a like petition of James M. Evelett
and two hundred others, of Princeton, Massa-
chusetts. Also, a like petition of Daniel Otis and
seventy-nine others, of South Scituate, Massa-
chusetts. Also, a like petition of Calvin Cutter
and eighty-four others, of Warren, Massachu-
setts. Also, a like petition of R. W. French and
thirty others, of Lawrence, Massachusetts. Also,
a like petition of Edmund H. Sears and two hun-
dred and forty-five others, of Wayland, Massa-
chusetts.
These several petitions I now present. On a j
former occasion, during this session, a similar
petition presented by me was laid upon the table, i
A similar petition presented by another Senator !
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. I
An authoritative precedent, established after de- j
bate, since I have been in the Senate, seems to mo
to be the best guide on this occasion. That was j
on a memorial from four thousand citizens of Bos- i
ton, praying the repeal of the fugitive slave act. j
After an ample debate, during which much was
said against the memorialists, no proposition was
made to lay their memorial on the table. Follow- j
ing that precedent, and one already established '
during this session, I move that all these petitions
be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. MASON. I move that they lie on the
table.
Mr. SUMNER. On that I call for the yeas
and nays.
The VICE PRESIDENT.. The Senator from
Massachusetts moves that these petitions be re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary. The
Senator from Virginia moves that they do lie on
the table. On that question, the Senator from
Massachusetts asks for the yeas and nays.
Mr. PUGH. I should like to hear one of those ;
petitions read, if it is not too long. j
The Secretary read, as follows: ;
To the Senate and House of Representatives in Congress
assembled.: j
The undersigned, citizens of Townsend, fctate of Alas- ;
sachusctts. earnest!v petition your body totcpeal ti>e fngi- j
tive slave law of 1B3U; to abolish slavery in the District ;
of Columbia and in the United States Territories; to pro- ;
hihit the inter-State slave trade; and to pass a resolution j
pledging Congress against the admission ot any slave btate j
into the Union, the acquisition of any slave territory, and i
the employment of any slaves by any agent, contractor, J
officer, or department, of the Federal Government. s
Mr. SUMNER. On the question to lay the j
petition on the table, I ask for the yeas and nays, i
The yeas and nays were ordered. |
Mr. WIGFALL. Before taking a vote by yeas i
and nays, I wish to give my reasons for voting ;
against referring   . i
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion now
is, that the petition do lie upon the table.
Mr. WIGFALL. Upon lying on the table, j
instead of referring? i
The VICE PRESIDENT. Except by unan-1
imous consent, the question is not debatable. If j
there be no objection, however, the Senator may j
proceed. . ,i ]
Mr. MASON. If there be no objection, I will j
consent to withdraw the motion, for the purpose |
of allowing the Senator to be heard. i
The VICE PRESIDENT. The yeas and nays
having been ordered on it, the motion cannot be
withdrawn without unanimous consent.
Mr. WIGFALL. I desire merely to give my
reasons for mv vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Texas may proceed if no one objects.
Mr. COLLAMER. If the gentleman has the
privilege of debating the question, I want the de-
bate open to all. .
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair can
only decide the question as it arises. This is a
motion to lay on the table;andthe yeasandnays
have been ordered on it.
Mr. WADE. I object to any debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. No Senator can
debate the question except by unanimous con-
sent. The Senator from" Ohio-objects. The Sec-
retary will call the roll.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. PUGH, (when his name was called".) I
have paired off for the next ten days with the Sen-
ator from New Jersey, [Mr. Ten Eyck;] other-
wise 1 should vote to lay the petitions on tke
table.
Mr. SIMMONS, (when his name was called.)
I have paired off withtheSenatorfromKentucky,
[Mr. Powell.]
The result was announced—yeas 25, nays 19;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Brag?, Cliesnut, Clay, Cling-
man, Crittenden, Davis, Fitch, Fitzpatriek, Gwia. Hemp-
hill, Hunter, Iverson, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of
Tennessee, Kennedy, Lane, Latham, Mason, Nicholson,
Folk, Rice, Sebastian, Slide!!, and Thomson—95,.
NAYS—Messrs. Bingham, Cameron, Chandler, Clark,
Collamer, Dixon, Doolittle, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Hale,
Ilamlin, King, Seward, Sumner, Trambuli, Wade, Wil-
kinson, and Wilson—19.
So the petitions were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have a petition from
Mark Sawyer and others, and H. R. Chapin and
one hundred others, of Topham, Vermont, of
similar import to those presented by the honor-
able Senator from Massachusetts. I move the
same reference that he moved.
Mr. MASON. I make the same motion, that
they lie on the table.
Mr. WIGFALL. I trust that motion will not
be insisted on, but that we shall be allowed to
debate the question. I am willing to meet this
question fairly and squarely, and let us decide it
per capita, so that every man will know where
every other man stands on this question. I hope
the matter will not be referred, but that we shall
debate it.
Mr. MASON. I withdraw the motion to lay
on the table. I have a right to do that.
Mr. BAYARD. I must renew the motion. I
do not desire to interfere with debate, but the
question has heretofore been fully discussed.
The motion to lay on the table was agreed to.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 291)
for the relief of Mary Preston, widow of George
Preston, reported it without amendment; and sub-
mitted a report, which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, to whom was referred the bill
(II. R. No. 245) for the relief of Maryett Van
Buskirk, reported it jvithout amendment.
Mr. PUGH, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to whom was referred the petition of John
Cradlebaugh, one of the associate justices of tho
supreme court of the Territory of Utah, praying
payment of the expenses of transporting the
books, papers, &c., of the second judicial court
of that Territory, submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill (S. No. 417) for the relief of John Cra-
dlebaugh.
The bill was read, and passed to a second read-
ing; and the report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom '
was referred the memorial of Jeffrey T. Adams,
late clerk of the United States court for the Ter-
ritory of Minnesota, praying to be allowed the
compensation contemplated by the act of 26th of
February, 1853, submitted an adverse report;
which was ordered to be printed.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. KENNEDY, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 418) to provide for the transportation of
the United States mails and Government supplies
by railroad to the Pacific ocean; which was read
twice by its title, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SLIDELL asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.No.
419) recognizing the survey of the Grand Che-
niere Island, State of Louisiana, as approved by
the surveyor general, and for other purposes;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Private Land Claims.
ABTIIUR EDWARDS VETO MESSAGE.
Mr. HALE. As there .seems to be nothing be-
fore the Senate at this moment; I move that the
vetb message of the President be taken up, simply
