I860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2 tm
a little indisposed, I thought I would go home, ;
which I did, and remained until I was called j
for. |
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 move that the gentleman ;
be discharged without condition. j
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. Holman was next arraigned. [
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Holman, j
yoi1 have been absent from the House withoutits ]
leyvc. What excuse have you to offer?
■ Mr. HOLMAN". I have no other excuse ex- j
eept that, having remained in attendance upon the {
House for some eight hours yesterday, supposing ;
that no legislative business would be transacted,
I retired to my boarding house and remained un-
til i was summoned here. I am now at the dis-
posal of the House.
Mr. BINGHAM moved that Mr. Holman be
excused upon the payment of the usual fees.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COVODE was arraigned.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Covode, you
• have been absent from the House without its
leave. What excuse have you to offer?
Mr. COVODE. I will state that, on the night
oefore last, 1 was engaged on the committee so i
late that I got no supper. When I rose yester-
day morning:, before I could get time to finish my
breakfast, I "was compelled to leave again to at-
tend the committee. I came up here and remained
until after seven o'clock last night, when I Jeft
the Hall, having announced that it would be un-
necessary to send for me, for I should come back.
I wont to my lodgings* took my dinner, and be-
ing neaily exhausted, laid down to rest myself.
I gut up without being arrested and came here.
That is nothing, however, here nor there. 1 hope
the House, after they have disposed of my case
for being absent, will excuse me from further at-
tendance. 1 have notice tl;at there are some
twomy-iive witnesses m town waiting to be ex-
amined before my committee this morning. It
will cost the Government fifty dollars a day to
keep them here; and I cannot examine them if I
am compelled to lemain here all night.
Mr. BR1GGS. is it in order to move that the
excuse of the gentleman from Pennsylvania be.
referred to tho Covode committed [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER pi o tempore. The Chair doubts
whether that motion will be in order.
On motion of Mr. STEWART of Maryland,
Mr. Covode was excused on the payment of the
usual fees.
Mr. Covode was then, at his request, excused
from further attendance on the House to-day.
Mr. Wilson' was arraigned.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Wilson,
you have been absent from the House without
us leave. What excuse have you to offer?
Mr. WILSON One word before I attempt
any excuse, so far as I am myself concerned^.
Up to eleven o'clock last night, at which time I
left, I voted persistently in favor of adjournment.
I did not wish to bring members here, because I
knew, in fact, that no business would be done.
At that time all further proceedings under the
first call had been dispensed with. As is well
known to some of the members here, I had just
returned on that morning from my trip home,
having traveled some eight or nine hundied miles,
and been out two nights. The cause of my visit
home is known. I should not have been in a
condition to be here at nU if I had remained here
all night, although I did not suppose another call
of the House would he ordered. I have no in-
tention to insult the House. If my excuse be
not sufficient, I am willing to be fined.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I move that the
gentleman be excused unconditionally.
The motion was agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Hickman's res-
olution.
Mr. FLORENCE demanded the yeas and nays
on the resolution.
Mr. VANCE. Where is the Speaker? Is ho
enjoying himself at home, while we are suffering
here ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The present oc-
cupant of she chair, after eight hours' service,
feels pretty well tired out.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. Hickman's resolution was adopu^*
Mr. PRYOR. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted. I under-
stand that we have authority to arrest 
Mr. THEAKER. I object to debate.
Mr. PRYOil. Is not the motion to reconsider
debatable ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is not.
Mr. FLORENCE. It was a resolution intro-
duced by unanimous consent; and I think it is, of
course, debatable.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The previous
question was called and seconded, and the main
question was ordered on it. It is for that reason
that the motion to reconsider is not debatable.
Mr. HICKMAN. I move that the motion to
reconsider be laid upon the table.
Mr. PRYOR. I am not at all an fait in.these
matters of parliamentary proceeding; but I have
a doubt in regard to the legality of this resolution,
which I would like to propound to its author.
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 object to debate.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair was
in error in deciding that the motion to reconsider
is not debatable, tie will read the rule:
u A motion to reconsider is not debatable, if the ques-
tion proposed to be leconsidercd was not debatable."
It was on that the Chair decided. But the rule
goes on further:
" But the fact of a question having bppn decided under
the opetauorj of the ptevious question docs not pievcntdc-
bnt<? on thft motion to reconsider, if the orijiuaJ question
was otherwise debatable."
The Chair deeidec that the motion of the gen-
tleman from Virginia is debatable.
Mr. FLORENCE. I have been a member of
the House nine years,and I didnotsee how there
could be any other decision.
Mr. PRYOR. Then I have the floor.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The motion to
lay upon the table will not be entertained. The
gentleman has the floor.
Mr. PRYOR. Mr.Speaker.it does not ap-
pear that the gentlemen who respond to the names
embraced in the body of the warrant, are guilty
of any contemptof this House whatsoever. I list-
entd to the report of the Seigeant-at-Arms, and
he informed us that they did not answer to their
names—not that they defied the authority of the
House. They did not respond to their names.
They may have been absent from home. They
may have been sick. They may have good ex-
cuses. The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Hickman] has not laid the proper foundation for
such a resolution as this, in alleging a contempt
on the part of the delinquent members. It may
be the fault of the Sergeant-at-Arms. 1 know
that one of his deputies detailed an instance. He
called upon Mr. Covode, and he saw a pan of
boots at the door. He was answered by a lady,
that Mr. Covode was not in; and thereupon he
betook himself to his heels and ivported here that
Mr. Co\ode was contumacious. Who knows
how many instances of that sort there may be?
"Without any more authentic and satisfactory re-
turn to the writ, except such vague responses,
the member moves for the issue of a compulsory^
process to drag gentlemen fiom the quiet repose ot
| their nocturnal slumber.
A Member. Matutinal.
Mr. PRYOR. To drag them vi et armis to the
bar of this House, and inflict upon them a murk
of reprobation. The resolution empowers the
Sergeant-at-Arms to break down doors. Il is a
most extraordinary proposition.
Now, sir, 1 question the legality of any such
proceeding. I question it bona fide; and 1 put it
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Hick-
man,] who is chairman of the Committee oil the
Judiciary, whether, under the resolution, the Ser-
geant-at-Arms would not have authority to break
open doors; break through bars, and lay violent
hands upon gentlemen: to tear tnem from their
beds and bring them litre, like common malefac-
tors? This whole proceeding is a monstrous
usurpation of power and a flagrant violation of all
the sateguardsof individual liberty. Our Chancel-
lor of the Exchequer, the Premier of this House,
the honorable member from Ohio, [Mr. Sher-
m vn,] declared, when we went into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, at six
o'clock yesterday evening, that m twenty minutes
the large majority of numbers would leave the
Hall. There was a legitimate and proper disper-
sion of members, upon the understanding that no
business was to be d one,and that gentlemen would
consume the ti me of the committee in miscellaneous
debate. Yet, notwithstanding that,sir, a handful,,
a miserable minority, sustained by extraordinary
poweis of endurance, or by artificial stimulants,
have, jn the majesty of their power, issued a per-
emptory summons to other gentlemen, who have,
as became good and decorous persons, retired to
bed at a proper hour. What has been done in the1
interest of the country ? Has business been for-
warded? You have effected an expensive con-
sumption of gas. You have put an intolerable
burden upon those unfortunate gentlemen who are
noting and transmitting to a disgusted posterity
the drivel of this night's proceedings. Whatgood
has resulted? Yet the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania proposes a most rash and remorseless meas-
ure for the perpetuation of this proceeding. He
suggests that the Sergeant-at-Arms, at the bidding
of a miserable minority of members, shall traverse
the city in Search of members, and violently drag
them to the bar of the House.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I call the gentleman from
Virginia to order. 1 ob]ect to the use of such
language as "miserable," "drivel," and so on,
as not respectful to the House.
Mr. PRYOR. Is it the member's purpose to
move a vote of censure? [Several Voices. "No!
No!"] Then I will say, what is obvious to every-
body, that L intended no offense to the House.
By a " miserable minority," I mean that jou are
paltry in numbers. When I said "drivel," I
meant the nonsensical utterances of jaded and
fuddled members.
I will proceed in order. Now, Mr. Speaker,
we have arrived at this point—five o'clock in the
morning by Shrewsbury clock—gentlemen ex-
hausted; nothing left but the lees of our energy
and our intelligence; incapable of transacting any
business whatsoever; incapable of an intelligent
observation of public affairs; incapable of a fair
operation of our reason; and, therefore, in the
interest of the country, I protest against the pas-
sage of a measure of such doubtful legality, and
such mischievous consequences, as that now un-
der consideration.
X'"or these reasons, which I am conscibus of
having very imperfectly presented, I object to the
resolution of the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. HICKMAN. To reply at length to the
questions raised by the gentleman from Virginia,
would be to reproduce the diverse arguments ad-
vanced through the past night. If the gentleman
had been present here, he would have known that
everything which lie has urged here has already
been anticipated and answered. The smaller the
number, I suggest, the greater the necessity of
enforcing the rule requiringobedience to the rules.
Now, sir, there is nothing plainer, I apprehend,
thai) this: that it is the duty of every member of
the House to attend the sittings of the House until
an adjournment shall take place; and il is for no
individual member, and no combination of mem-
bers outside of the House, to determine when the
sittings of the House are necessary or unneces-
sary. The warrant of the House has not issued
for any conduct of members outside of the House,
or for any conduct of members inside of the House.
It is issued because of their contempt by reason
of absence from the House. It therefore makes
no difference whatever what may have been the
reply of members to the Sergeant-at-Arms, or to
his deputy, when called upon, it is sufficient for
us to know that they are absent, that they remain
absent, that they are in contempt, and that we
i require their presence. As the Constitution au-
thorizes the House to compel the attendance bf
! members, and as our rules are framed with a due
regard to that constitutional provision, enabling
the House to compel the attendance of members,
I am of opinion that our warrant, issued to the
Sergeant-ai-Arms,and placed in his hands, is com-
plete and perfect authority to him to compel the
attendance of members here, and that he is not
only authorized, but enjoined, to use the neces-
sary means to enforce obedience to the precept of
his writ.
I therefore say, as I have aheauy said, that, in
my judgment, the officer has authority to break
open outer doors and inner doors, if necessary, to
enforce obedience to the writ in his hands. Theie-
fore, I think there is nothing-unusual,.nothing
extraordinary, in the resolution.
Mr. MAYN'APvD. For wiwt purpose and for
what benefit is tins resolution ?
