1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
745
morning of the last day of the session, the miscel-
laneous appropriation bill came back to us from
the Senate loaded down with some one hundred
and thirty amendments. Most of the amendments
were out of order in this House—not germane to
the bill; amendments which could not have been
introduced and discussed in the House; and, sir,
when that bill was returned to us with those
amendments, a motion was made at once, by some
gentleman, that the House non-concur in them;
and they were non-concurred in in gross, and then
referred to a committee of conferencc.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. Debate having been closed
upon this bill by order of the House, the Clerk
will report the amendments of the Senate, which
have not been disposed of, in their order.
The Clerk reported the fifth amendment of the
Senate, as follows:
And be it further enacted, That the Superintendent of the
Public Printing bo required to procure the printing of the
Post Office blanks by contract, after thirty days' public no-
tice, and to awaid such contiact, for the usual period of
Post Office contracts, to the bidder who offers to punt the
said blanks at the greatest per centum deduction liom the
puccs authorised to be paid by law for the printing of the
Executive Departments; and that all laws or parts of laws
now in force, in relation to the printing of post bills or Post
Office blanks, be, and the same are hereby, repealed.
Mr. BURNETT. I move to strike out the
words " post bills," in next to the last line.
Mr. Chairman, ever since I have been honored
with a seat upon this floor, I have been met by
the Committee of Ways and Means, from ses-
sion to session, with the objection that every
reform, proposed to be incorporated into a bill
appropriating millions of dollars from the public
Treasury, was not in order. That has been the
watchword from that eommittec, while they have
monopolized the time of this House, and have, to
a great extent, under the force and operation of
the previous question, controlled the legislation of
this House. What is the spectacle presented here
to-day ? The chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means reports a bill, and starts out with the
dcclaiation that the amendments of the Senate
are -right and proper iu themselves; that the first
amendment, in reference to Post Office blanks,,
met the unanimous approval of the Committee of
Ways and Means.
Bui what did he recommend the House to do?
To reject an amendment which was right in itself;
which tended to reform what all conceded to be
an abuse. And upon what ground5 That there
is a rule in this House which prevents the incor-
poration upon a general appropriation bill of inde-
pendent legislation. ( deny that. I say there is
no such rule in this House; I deny that we vio-
late any rule by voting for either or both of the
Senate amendments. There is no rule of this
House which forbids our incorporating into this
bill the amendments proposed by the Senate. If
there is, where is it5 There is no such rule; it is
a practice which has grown up in this House, and
1 desire to call to it the attention of those gentle-
men who desire to have legislation in which all
our constituents are interested. It is an assump-
tion which has grown up under the practice of
this House. It has been so ruled and decided by
a chairman of the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union; and that precedent, so made,
has been taken as authority to exclude amend-
ments offered either in this House or in the Sen-
ate. That is ail of it. There is no rule which
forbids it.
And then I would ask this Committee of Ways
and Means this question: I ask the gentleman
from Ohio, who last addressed the committee on
our side, [Mr. Vallandigham,] this question:
suppose wc had a rule in this House which for-
bids such amendments—taking it for granted that
there is such a rule: still I deny the power of the
House to control the action of a coordinate branch
of the Government. The Senate is our equal.
They have the right to put upon these bills such
amendments as they think proper. They have
done so; and, gentlemen, I will tell you that these
arc the means by which every measure of refoim
has been carried in this House since I have been
a member of it. But you propose that these re-
forms shall he accomplished by means of inde-
pendent legislation. Suppose a bill is introduced
Ijero for the abolition of the franking privilege: it
must be first referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads. It is reported back
by them to the House; and where does it go ? It
goes to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union; and it is never heard of again. But,
sir, let me look back, so far as my observation ex-
tends, to the past legislation of Congress. Nearly
every reform that has been accomplished by the
Congress of the United States within the last ten
years, has been accomplished upon the general
appropriation bills.
Now, as to the merits of this proposition, all
concede that it is right to require that these Post
Officc blanks should be printed by the lowest bid-
der. Why? Because we save $30,000,.at the
lowest estimate, per annum.
Now we come to the franking privilege. Sir,
gentlemen talk all over the country about the
abuses and corruptions of the Democratic party.
They have been denounced, not only in this Hon se,
but they have been denounced in my State. We
have had bald and bold declarations of the extrava-
gance and corruption of that party. Do you want
to stop this corruption? Do you want to stop
these abuses ? Then strike the first blow by abol-
ishing the franking privilege.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. JUNKIN. Mr. Speaker, I intend to vote
against the Senate amendment to the House defi-
ciency bill, abolishing the franking privilege of
members of Congress; and I desire my reasons
fo r so doing may briefly appear. In the first place,
this House, obeying an imperative necessity for
speedy action, in order to relieve the meritorious
creditors of this Government who have been al-
ready too long delayed by the action of the Sen-
ate, passed a bill for their relief, even before it had
appoin ted its committees, and, by waiving its rules,
sent the bill to the other branch of this Legislature,
confidently expecting that no impediment would
be thrown in the way of its passage. But to the
surprise of the whole country,the Senate, in order
to coerce and dragoon this body into the support
of a measure already defeated by this House in the
Thirty-Fifth Congress; and relying on the known
pressure brought to bear by the injured, and, in
many instances, ruined creditors of this Govern-
ment, have amended the bill by providing for the
abolition of the franking privilege. It has been,
in substancc, declared on the floor of the Senate
that now was a favorable time to urge this pre-
tended reform upon the Representatives of the
people.
Now, sir, if for no other reason than the impe-
rious and haughty air assumed by the other branch
towards this body, I should vote against the Sen-
ate amendment, to show to our constituents and
the country that we decline to be molded into
form to meet the will of any coordinate branch of
this Government.
But there are other reasons than a mere sense of
manhood which should defeat this Senateamcnd-
ment. It will delay, and has already delayed, the
passage of the bill.
It is also gotten up under a false pretense; and
while it purports to aim at an alleged evil, and
assumes that the blow proposed to be stricken
shall fall upon the heads of members of Congress
alone, it really is intended to rob the people them-
selves of a great privilege enjoyed by them ever
since the foundations of the Government were
laid. The franking privilege hnsexisted without
interruption for more than seventy years, and
existed for the benefit of the people, not their Rep-
resentatives.
By its means, knowledge of the workings and
management of the Government is spread before
the whole people; many too poor to pay for
newspapers receive information from their im-
mediate Representatives in this House; and the
great bulk of all the intercourse between the peo-
ple and this Government is by and through the
members of this body. The Senators are seldom
personally known to the people of the States they
represent; while the immediate Representative of
a district is personally familiar with eight tenths
of his people; and to him, and him alone, do they
apply on business; and from him, and him alone,
do they look for information. The great Senator
is too exalted to listen to the cry of the needy, or
trouble his profound mind with annoying details
of common-place affairs. Indeed, the people of a
State do not, as a general thing, look upon their
Senators as their representatives at all, but rather
stand in* awe of the great intellects which think
for some mysterious constituency, not very well
understood, and of which no man seems to con-
sider himself a part. The Representative on this
fiooi*, then, must, and does, stand the brunt, and
does, in fact, do the work. Now, the Senator,
being so far removed from the people, can well
afford to lose the franking privilege. But can wc ?
Why, sir, all that the good peqple derive from
this Government, of which they are readily con-
scious, and the only sensible point of contact be-
tween them and the Federal power, arc the efTects
produced by the workings of the Post Office De-
partment—through the books, papers, and doc-
uments received by them from their immediate
Representatives. Cut yiese off, and you sever the
umbilical cord that constitutes the vital connec-
tion between the masses and the Federal head.
But, why cut it off? To retrench and reform
abuses, say the Senate. Indeed! Then begin
where it will count; do not hold on at the spigot and
let fly at the bung. These old gentlemen find the
franking privilege annoying; their chirography
has become somewhat wayward, and they seek
and find their tastes and inclinations more raptur-
ously employed in the enjoyments of elegant and
fashionable life, rendering these great luminaries
so exquisitely happy that they are prepared for
translation without any emotion. Why should
they be called upon to hob-nob with the dusty-
browed mechanic, the sweated daily laborer, or the
broad-faced, bluff-souled, common-sensed farmer?
What right has any of these common fellows to
call upon the exalted Senator for books on trade,
mechanics, agriculture, and, above all, scientific
works, and works of art ? What business have they
to draw upon the time and labor of the great lights
of the nineteenth century ? What right have these
miserable fellows to spend their long winter even-
ings in their chimney corners, reading the Patent
Office reports on agriculture, and all that sort of
tiling; while the wisdom of the nation—the Solons,
Lycurguscs, the Ciceros, and the Ceesars—are
serving this great country at a President's levee, a
lecture at the Smithsonian Institution, or at one of
those most sublime and entertaining of all earthly
institutions of this magnificent metropolis, an eat-
ing evening reception party? How can these
sweaty people, " these mud-sills," be looked after
and attended to, when these noble Roman Sena-
tors have all these important, national, and glori-
ous achievements to accomplish ? How extremely
impudent these common fellows arc?
No, sir; reform is the word. The franking
privilege must be abolished, because the necessi-
ties of the Post Office Department require it. It
has got into debt. Somebody must be victim-
ized. It is true, we have an overland mail route
to California which costs the Department the small
trifle of $,500,000, and runs through a wilderness
among the naked savages; and it is also true that
it costs this Government only sixty dollars to
carry a letter over said route, for which it receives
the glorious compensation of ten cents; and, al^
though the route runs a fraction over a thousand
miles out of its natural course and a straight line,
vet that is but a small departure for this Admin-
istration, and, by comparison with its usual and
customary zigzaging and waywardness, scarcely
deserves attention. It is true, too, that the Te-
hauntepec route cost the m^ro trifle of £950,000,
and receives the large revenue of $5,000. And it
is also true that there are very many mail routes
that do not pay at all, for the sufficient reason
that there are no persons on the routes to be ac-
commodated, and merely run for the fun of the
thing. Still, all these arc small affairs compared
with the loss arising from permitting the people
to continue in the enjoyment of a very old privi-
lege, granted, it 33 true, at a time when statesmen
were very stupid—in the days of that old gentle-
man called George Washington, and continued up
through the successive Administrations of such
intolerable old fogies as John Adams, Jefferson,
Madison, Monroe, John Q,uincy Adams, Jack-
son, Van Buren, Polk, Tyler, Fillmore, and a few
others.
But these were the daik dges of the Republic,
and their examples must be carefully eschewed.
Yes, sir, we must have reform; this Administra-
tion knows a thmgor two,and has justdiscovered
what the last eighty years failed to reveal, to wit,
that all the calamities, embarrassments, derange-
ments, and loosened screws of this Government
are unmistakably referable to the existence of the
franking privilege.
