I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
323
3Gtii Cojtg. ... 1st Sess.
Slavery Question—Mr. Wilson.
Ho. 01? Reps..
Constitution is ihe rendition of fugitive slaves—
in a word, a fugitive slave law. I think, sir, from
a calm consideration of the debates m the Federal
convention, these conclusions tire clearly dedu-
ciblo:
1. That property in slaves was not intended to
be recognized in the Constitution by its framcrs;
but simply as property under the laws of the States
in which slavery existed.
2. That when a person owing servicc under the
special laws of a State was delivered up, it was
not to be at the public expense.
3. That such property, so held under the laws
of the several slave States, was to be reclaimed
and surrendered under the same rules of evidence,
and with the same restrictions, as otherproperty.
4. That it was the object of the Federal con-
vention to relieve the General Government of all
protection and jurisdiction of slavery whatsoever;
and yet, at the same time, withholding from the
States the power to pass any law which might
prevent reclamation.
These are my conclusions. I believe that the
relief to be afforded to the owner of a fugitive
slave belongs to the States, and not to Congress.
This is my conviction. But Congress has as-
sumed the power; cautiously at first, as in 1793;
afterwards, boldly and absolutely, as in 1850.
Having assumed the power, the only question to
be considered js, the character and extent of its
legislation. That it should be complete, direct,
and effectual, I admit. That it should accomplish
its purpose, no one will deny. But, sir, while this
is admitted, altogether admitted, Congress should
be careful in its legislation not to violate other and
as important rights and privileges; for it is use-
less to cxpect that one right can be presei ved and
securedand perpetuated by the ovcrthrowof other
rights just as sacred. JNTo law which, in its op-
eration, is dangerous to the life—or that which is
higher than life—the liberty of any human being,
can or will endure. It will go down, and perish
before the voice of the people.
But to return. The act of 1793 was not objec-
tionable. Indeed, sir, many ot the free States
incorporated it in their statutes. That law rec-
ognized the proper judicial tribunals, both of the
States and the United States. It authorized the
production of testimony; it delivered up the fugi-
tive to the claimant, to be by him taken back at
his own proper cost; it preserved untouched the
writ of habeas corpus. I cannot well conceive
how any free person could be endangered in his
liberty under this act; and, at the same time, it
was sufficient for the rendition of any fugitive.
What more was necessary? What more ought
to be required ? The slave States, in my opinion,
ought to have been content with the act of 1793.
But they were not; unfortunately they were not.
They demanded and obtained the act of 1850.
That the fugitive slave act of 1850 is offensive to
the people of the free States, cannot be denied. It
is so. That they yield to it a reluctant obedience, is
true; that it has been resisted, is equally true. I
shall enter no justification of such resistance. The
remedy against an unwise or unjust law is not in
unlawful resistance. It lies elsewhere. It is in the
power of an enlightened and elevated public opin-
ion. These, however, are exceptional cases. But
why is this act offensive r It i« not in the unwill-
ingness on the part of the people of the free States
to permit the rendition of a fugitive slave—not
at all. There was no such feeling against the act
of 1793. Sir, it lies deeper, and far beyond. It
is in the conviction that this fugitive slave law
comes in conflict with and uproots great funda-
mental principles, and assumes unwarrantable
and dangerous powers. Is this so? Is this true?
Examine the law. Docs it not recognize anofficer
unknown to the Constitution? Docs it not deny
the trial by jury in the issue of liberty? Docs it
not set at defiance the sovereignty of the Stated
Does it not remand the fugitive at public cost? i
Does it not withhold the great writ of habeas
corpus? I repeat again, examine the law. For
this cause it is that tins law has been arraigned
and condemned by the people of the free States.
Here, sir, I might ask, why the necessity, and
above all the policy, of such a law? What do the
slave States wish? Is it not to reclaim their fugi-
tive slaves? Beyond doubt. Obviously, then,
true policy and true wisdom would suggest a law
which, while effectual in its provisions, would
not arouse feelings of opposition and prejudice.
That would be tiue wisdom. But its dictates
were disregarded. The slave States compelled
the act of 1850. What has been the result? Has
slave propeity become more secure? Has the
slave ceased to escape? Has slavery-improved
under Federal protection? Assuredly not. Is
not the reverse the fact? The fugitive slave act of
1850 has not accomplished its object. It has not
obtained the approval of the fi'ec States of the
Union. It cannot. Neither has it been of advant-
age to the slave States. And why? Because it
has unfolded too often to the popular view the
character and the requirements of slavery. That
view has not been favorable. The institution of
slavery cannot perpetuate itself by violent legis-
lation. Extreme measures will beget extreme
opposition. Who does not know this to be true?
Slavery requires silence, unbroken silence, for its
preservation. This the act of 1850 does not and
cannot give. Therefore, in my opinion, while it
cannot receive the commendation of the people of
the free States, at the same time, in its severity and
its penalties, it is a fatal blow against the institu-
tion of slavery. Am I right?. Is there no parallel
in history ? There is, sir. The Roman empire rec-
ognized slavery—had its fugitive slave law. By
it every slave was required to wear a badge with
the inscription, "jvssionc V. D. D., JV*. JV*.
quis servum J'ugientiim suscipiat." This was the
decree of Theodosius Hononus and Arcadius,
in the corrupt and declining days of the empire.
What happened? Slavery declined under this
fugitive slave law, and soon afterwards ceased to
exist. Let gentlemen be forewarned. A similar
fate may, m the councils of a just and overruling
Providence, await the institution of slavery in the
United States of America
But to the main fact. It is said that the North
has violated this law, and that its provisions have
been disregarded. This may be true in a certain
degree. Notwithstanding, 1 say that the law of
1850 has received an observance without parallel
in the history of legislation. Look at the law. It
is repulsive: it is obnoxious; it is odious to the
people of the free States. It has no public senti-
ment to sustain it in those States. Yet, with
some exceptional cases, it has been maintained
and enforced. Do you point me to the State of
Wisconsin? I ask you, in reply, do you deny
the right of the judiciary of a State to decide the
constitutionality of any law, or whether there
shall be the right of appeal or not? You arc fore-
closed, by the action of the judicial y of your own
States, from such a denial. Do you refer to cases
of rescue? Is not their occurrence rare indeed?
Is it the action of northern couits and northern j
juries? Where, in what State, in what ease, have
they failed to discharge their duty ? Is it the per-
sonal liberty bills? Are not these the legitimate
fruits of the act of 1850, imperiously demanded
to protect the freedom of the citizcns of the fiee
States ?
Sir, it is impossible to expect that any law will
not in sonic manner be violated. We Jjave laws
for the prevention of crime; yet arc they not viola-
ted every day in every State of the Union p We
have laws for the protection of property, and yet
they have not always secured to property protec-
tion. Besides, m a popular Go\ernmcnt, popu-
lar tumults are to be expected. Violations of law
are to be deplored and deprecated; but they will
occur—they cannot be avoided However, if the
violation of any law proceeds from the palpable
injustice and oppression.of the law itself, why not
remove the cause of the violation by the repeal or
amendment of the law? Is not this the better
course? Why run into the face of public opinion?
Is it not wiser to consult its tendencies and lespect
its grand and godlike utterances ? But why
arraign the North ? Is your record without blem-
ish ? Have there been no violations of law in
the South? Take the African slave trade laws:
have they not been violated again and again ? Is
not the history of the Wanderer fresh in our rec-
ollections? Take the neutrality laws. Have gen-
tlemen forgotten the expedition of Lopez, and its
bloody conclusion without the walls of Havana?
Ilave they foigotten the invasion of Nicaragua ?
But you say that these were the acts of individ-
uals, for whom the South is not responsible. I |
admit it. I do not hold the entire South as re-
sponsible. They are not. I only claim the same
admission for the North in regard to the-alleged
violation of the fugitive slave law; and that when
you reproach us your hands shall be clean of all
offense.
I have now considered the peculiar rights of the
South as to slavery under the Constitution. I
ask now where are the aggressions upon southern
rights? Where the wrongs and the outrages?
They have no real existence v/hatever. But ife
is a truth that, if aggressions have been wade,
they have been made by the South, and not by
the North. This is God's truth. How could
it be otherwise? Who has had control of the
Government? You,gentlemen. Foralmost thirty
years you have had control. You have now. You
have the Administration. You have the Supreme
Court. You have the Senate, more august to-
day than the Roman Senate when Cyneas pro-
nounced it an assemblage of kings. You have the
Federal offices, the Federal officials,and the Fed-
eral patronage.^ You have the Army, the Navy,
the Treasury. The Vice President recently said:
" We stand m a good position. We have the Execu-
tive ; we have the law?; w i have the couits; and that is
a groat advance from where we stood ten yeais ago."
How, then, could the rights of the South have
suffered at the hands of the North? Will any
one explain to mo the modus operand},? No, the
fact is jnst the contrary. Slavery is the aggress-
ive element in this Government. Ct has, from
the first, been the aggressive element. It has
steadily advanced in power and influence. It has
entered the judiciary, and reversed the decisions
of the last hundred years. It holds at its will the
Executive, and controls and directs the national
Legislatuie. Vigilant, active, determined, it tri-
umphs only to advance to newer fields and fieicer
contests. I have said that slavery is the aggress-
ive element in our political system. Is this true,
or is it an unjust accusation? It is not unjust;
atid I rely with confidence on the legislative his-
tory of our Government to prove the truth of the
.assertion. What is that history? It is written
in clear, unmistakable characters. Neither you
nor 1—neither the civilized world, nor posterity
—can be deceived in its meaning. What has been-
donc has not been hid in a corner. It .has been
before the open gaze of all mankind.
It is impossible for me at this time to speak of
all the aggressions of the South. I shall not speak
of the executive aggressions upon the rights of
the inhabitants of a distant Territory; neither of
the judicial aggressions, as contained in the opin-
ion of the Supreme Court; nor yet of the personal
aggressions, in the expulsion of peaceful citizens
from the limits of a sovereign State. But it is to
the legislative aggressions I call attention. In the
consideration of the legislative history of the coun-
try there are certain prominontand well-defined
acts, ordinances, compromises, and official reso-
lutions, which comprehend the entire subject of
slavery. A careful examination of these will prove
or disprove whether slavery is not aggressive in
rts character*, and how far the original policy of
the founders of the Government has been main-
tained or overthrown, and by what party this has
been accomplished. The acts, compromises,and
resolutions to which I refer are: first, the ordi-
nance of 1787; second, the compromise of 1820;
third, the compromise of 1850; fourth, the act of
1854; and fifth, the senatorial resolutions of 1860.
1 shall speak of them in theinorder.
What, then, of the ordinance of 1787? What
was its character? It was a grave deliberative
act of the confederated States to regulate the gov-
ernment of the Territories acquired by cession
from the States. What were its objects, its pro-
visions, and its stipulations? This is the essen-
tial question. Herein we niay ascertain what
power or what party in this Government has ad-
vanced, attacked, and overthrown the true princi-
ples and the true policy of the Government as un-
derstood by its founders. I repeat, what was the
ordinance of 1787 ? What great and salutary pro-
vision did it contain and embody? It was this:
that wherever the power could be exercised, sla-
very ought to be excluded from the Territory.
This was the solemn declaration against human
servitude of those great statesmen and patriots
who walked unhurt through the valley of the
