1766
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
April 18,
with a view to assign a day for its considera-
tion.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I now move that the considera-
tion «f it be fixed for Tuesday, of next week, at
one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
CHINESE MISSION.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered, by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested, if in his opinion not incompatible with the public
interest, to furnish to the Senate a copy of the instructions
from the Department of State to Mr. McLane, when ap-
pointed minister to China.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled bill and joint resolutions; which there-
upon received the signature of the Yicc Presi-
dent:
A bill (S. No. 229) for the relief of Angelina
C. Bowman, widow of Francis L. Bowman, late
captain United States Army;
A joint resolution (S.No. 4) to allow a credit to
certain disbursing officers therein mentioned; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 24) for the com-
pensation of Rev. U. R. Richards, late chaplain
of the United States penitentiary, District of Co-
lombia.
PRINTING OF A DOCUMENT.
The message further announced that the House
had oidered, yesterday, April 17, I860, at two
o'clock and forty-seven minutes, the printing of
a memorial of the Legislature of Mississippi, pray-
ing the cession of certain public lands to that State,
to aid in the construction of the Gulf and Ship
Island railroad.
CONTRACTS OS1 THE "WAR DEPARTMENT.
Mr. WILSON. I move fo take up for consid-
eration now a resolution submitted by me, in re-
gard to contracts made by the Secretary of War,
which has been laid over for some time.
. Mr. DAVIS. A resolution of inquiry in the
usual form is one to which I surely should not
object; but I think all that the Senator desires may
readily be obtained by addressing an inquiry to
the War Department, to state what contracts have
been made, at what prices, and for what purposes,
and in any terms the Senator may chouse to ex-
press the desire for knowledge. I can imagine
no reason for instituting the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs a committee of investigation, to send
for persons and papers, unless it be to inquire for
something which is noy>n the files of the Depart-
ment; anil as no contract can exist which is not
on the files of the Department, the inquiry seems
to mc needless, burdening the committee with a
personal examination into that which must be
matter of record. So far as contracts* have been
made which are the subject of criticism, I have
no objection at all that an mquiryshould be made,
and that the committee should be ordered to inves-
tigate anything which has been done; but ihc rec-
ords must furnish all the information which the
committee can require for any investigation of a
contract made by the Department.
Mr. WILSON. I madu this proposition in this
form because I desire the facts of the case to be
clearly and distinctly presented to the Senate and
the country. A proposition was made by the
Senator from Florida, [Mr. Yulee,] I think, to
amend this resolution, by calling for information
from the Department. My objection to that is, that
I do not think the information which will come
from the Department will present precisely and
exactly what I desire to be presented. Besides, I
hold in my hand a report, called for on the Ilth
day of June, 1858, in regard to certain contracts,
which was not made to the Senate until the 25th
day of January, I860—nineteen months after the
information was called for; and I have the best
reason for stating that this answer finally came
from the Department on the pressure of Senators,
who made personal application for it. The reso-
lution making that call was introduced by the
Senator from New York, not now in his seat, [Mr.
Seward,] and it called for information in regard
to a contract made by a Dr. Robinson here. The
answer was not sc;U in for many months; time
passed on; the work went on; and I find in this
volume that there has been a dispute about the
amount to be paid, and that the Secretary of War
ordered $2,700 to be paid to the contractor that
the superintendent of the building did not think
belonged to him by the terms of the contract, and
which ought not to have been given to him.
I am aware that, if we will call upon the Secre-
tary of War, he will furnish us with the terms of
the contracts that may have been made; but I want
other information than what may be found in that
Department; I want such information as Captain
Franklin, Captain Meigs, Mr. Latham, and Mr.
Reed, of New York, and other gentlemen can fur-
nish. If, however, Senators desire to vote down
my proposition, by adopting the amendment, I
shall submit to it, of course; but I shall ask for the
yeas and nays on the adoption of the amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. If the persons to whom the Sen-
ator refers are all those from whom he desires in-
formation, they have, with one exception, held
official positions, and their acts must be matterof
record. He mentions Mr. Reed, of whom I know
nothing, and his acts, I suppose, are riot matters
of rccord; but all the transactions of Captain
Franklin, or Captain Meigs, or Captain Wright,
must be matters of record; and when the com-
mittee callsforinformation, their correspondence,
their acts, are equally within the reach of the com-
mittee as anything which is on the files of the
War Department proper. If, however, in the
course of the investigation—if it should be referred
to the committee of which I am a member and
chairman—it should become necessary to call for
persons to elucidate anything, I would not shrink
from the task of that manner of investigation,
though it is laborious and tedious, and when un-
necessary, I think should never be adopted. The
records of the engineer bureau, and of the office
of the superintendent of the Capitol extension,
must furnish all the information which the Sena-
tor can desire and which would have any weight.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
rick m the chair.) The question is on proceed-
ing to the consideration of ihe resolution indicated
by the Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. WILSON. 1 do not wish to detain the
Senate by any further statement in regard to this
matter. I know, sir, that when the resolution
was introduced, it created quite a sensation m cer-
tain quarters, and strong appeals have been made
to Senators to change its direction from an inves-
tigation to a simple call for papers; and appeals
have boon made to me, and political friends in and
out of Congress sent to mc, to induce me to pro-
pose such a change. I believe that if the resolu-
tion is amended, and made a simple call for in-
formation, whenever we get the answer, it will
not present the case as the truth requires that it
should be presented. However, sir, I must sub-
mit to the will of the Senate; and 1 am willing
that the vote shall be taken without further de-
bate.
Mr. DAVIS. I have only to say that, if the
Senator has been the subject of appeal or applica-
tion on this matter, he stands in a different rela-
tion to it from myself. I know nothing of it,
except the fact of his having introduced the res-
olution, and of the Senator who usually sits be-
fore me, and is not now in his seat, [Mr. Yulee,]
having offered an amendment. Who has gone
on the other side of the Chamber to stop an in-
vestigation ? The Senator may know; I do not.
Mr. WILSON. I admit that.
Mr. DAVIS. Nobody has been to me, and I
imagine to none of those who sit about me; and
I-irust there is no one on this side of the Cham-
ber who shrinks from any investigation for the
developmentof anything that is true. At the same
time, we do not choose to charge the committees
with mere investigations for party purposes, and
the bringing of witnesses here in order that we
may make large volumes of testimony concern-
ing that which we have condensed on the records
of the Department.
That is my whole objection to such an investi-
gation; but if the records of the Department con-
ceal anything, then the inquiry becomes one of
far graver importance. If the head of any De-
partment should attempt to dcccivc the Congress
by presenting here a partial statement of a ease,
by attempting to conceal what his official act has
done, then it acquires the dignity which shall in-
duce the Senate to institute a strict investigation;
and it would be ground for impeachment in the
other end of the Capitol. I think we had better
have the amendment read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate has
not yet agreed to take up the resolution. The
question is on the motion to take it up.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution, sub-
mitted by Mr. Wilson on the 5th instant:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs and
Militia be instructed to inquire what contiacts, if any,
have been entered into by the War Department, or by any
officer or agent thereof, in the last three years, lor iron for
the public buiiding3; whether such contracts were made
after public advei Usement, or otherwise; the amount of iron
contracted for, and the amount furnished ; the prieeb paid,
or ordered to be paid ; and whether the same were in ac-
cordance with the contracts, or otherwise; and if not, by
what authoiity they were paid, or ordered to be paid; and
under what authority of law said contracts have been en-
tered into, either by the War Department or any officer or
agent theieof. Also, that said committee inqune what con-
tacts have been entered into by the War Department for
shot or shells, and iron gun-carriages ; or what orders have
been given by that Department, or by any officer thereof,
whether civil or military, for shot or shells, and iron gun-
cairiages; how such orders or contracts were obtained;*
under what authority the orders were issued or the con-
tracts made; whether by public advertisement in open mar-
ket, or by close purchase; the reasons lor issuing such
orders or making such contracts; the necessity for making
the expenditure ; and if due regard has been had therein to
the public servicc. And that said committee have power
to send for per&ons and papeis, with leave to report at any
time.
The pending question was on the amendment
of Mr. Yulee to strike out all after the word
" resolved," and insert:
That the Secretary of War be directed to communicate
to the Senate what contracts, if any, have been entered into
by the War Department,pv by any officer or agent thereof,
in the last three years, lor iion tor the public buildings;
whether such contracts were made after public adveitise-
ment, or otherwise ; the amount of iron contracted lor, and
the amount furnished ; the price paid, or ordered to be paid ;
and whether the same weie in accordance with the con-
tracts, or othci wise; and if not, by what authority they
wore paid, or ordered to be paid; and under what authority
of law said contracts have been entered into, either by the
War Department, or any officer or agent thereof. Also, that
he communicate what contracts have been entered into by
the War Department for shot or shells, und iron gun-car-
riages; or what orders have been given by that Department,
or by any ofliccr thereof, whether civij or military, for shot
or shells, and iion gun-carnagcs; how such orders or con-
tracts were obtained; under what authority the orders were
issued or the contracts made; whether by public advertise-
ment in open market, or by close purchase; the reasons for
issuing ^uch orders or making &u«h contracts, and the ne-
cessity foi the same.
Mr. WILSON. 1 certainly hope the Senator
from Mississippi did not understand me, in the
n-marks that 1 made, as in any way reflecting
upon him, or supposing that he was influenced
by others in proposing this change of direction.
He is, I am free to say, the last man in this body
against whom I would moke an insinuation of that
character; for however much I may differ from
him, I believe that in matters of this kind his char- ,
acter has never been questioned in this body, by
friend or foe.
Now, sir, it is a well-known fact that there are
rumors all over the country in regard to the ad-
ministration of the War Department, of a charac-
ter not creditable to that Department. They are
in the Army, everywhere, in regard to a great
many things. This contract, of which this vol-
ume furnishes the evidence—which was called for
nineteen months before it was made; during which
time the contract was allowed to go on—is one
not crcditable to that Department, and*was against
the protest of Captain Meigs, who gives his rea-
sons here. They arc of a public nature. It was
a private job. Now, I understand—and I have no
doubt the papers, if called for from the Depart-
ment, if they present the facts of the case, will
show; and 1 have the best reasons to know, if
persons who understand this matter are summoned
here, Colonel Craig and other officers, it will be
proved—that shot and shell have been bought, that
gun-caniages have been purchased, against the
opinions of the ordnance department; and, in re-
gard to these iron carriages, that really double
prices have been paid. I believe this. I have no
douht about it. 1 think the facts will disclose it.
|i I think it due to the country that these facts should
' come out. I do not wish here unnecessarily to
assail that Department of the Government; but I
do say, what every man of intelligence in and out
of Congress knows to be true, that the Govern-
| ment, in its administration©f this Department, is
| under the suspicion of being connected with job-
I bing. Nobody, I think, can have passed through
