324
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 1,
36th Cong....1st Sess.
Slavery Question—Mr. Wilson.
Ho. of Kefs.
shadow of the Revolution. The advocacy of this
principle "was not confined to any particular State.
It was the act of all the States. Neither was its
advocacy confined to any particular individual
of any particular State. Dane and Grayson and
Lee and Blount and Harring and Kean, all, all,
from every confederated State, united in its adop-
tion.
It will not do to say that this ordinance was
under the Confederation, and therefore, in its
force and example, is of no value or authority.
No, indeed. For after the Union was formed and
the Constitution accepted, it received the unquali-
fied sanction of the First Congress, and also of
Washington. This was the broad foundation
wfyich our fathers laid. This was the policy with
which we began our national career.
What are the consequences of the adoption of
that ordinance ? Look at the States of the North-
west. Let Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Michigan,and
Wisconsin answer. How wonderful the progress
of fifty years I Already these States are empires,
with millions of enlightened freemen upon their
soil. Peaceful villages and pioud cities crowd
their plains; there industry, in all its varied
forms, meets with its just reward; commerce
whitens with its sails each inland sea; and, above
all, popular education is the constitutional pro-
vision of each State. When I look upon this
gorgeous ceiling, upon which are emblazoned the
symbols of our national growth and power, my
eye is met with the arms of Indiana, my own
State. What does it represent? The vast, silent
wilderness, receding beneath the hand of free la-
bor; while just above the horizon is heralded the
approaching day. How changed, since 1816!
How changed within a lifetime! The wilderness
has disappeared; transformed into the quiet homes
of a generous, industrious, and Christian people;
while over all,full-orbed in all its splendor, shines
the sun of civilization. What has caused all this ?
To what is it attributable ? In my opinion, to the
just and beneficent policy of tho founders of the
Government, in the exclusion of slavery from the
national territory in 1787.
But the gentleman from Mississippi denies that
such was the policy of the revolutionary states-
men. He contends that the assertion is a grave
error; and he brings forward Mississippi, when
in the hands of the General Government, as a
complete refutation. I think the gentleman was
unfortunate in his illustration. The case of Mis-
sissippi will not disprove the fact. Why was not
slavery excluded from that State ? For a plain
and sufficient reason. Because of the condition
of the cession. What was that condition? It
was, that.slavery should not be excluded in the
Territory of Mississippi. Georgia, and not the
Congress of the United States, fixed the condition
of that Territory. Tho condition was m these
words:
"That the Territory thus ceded >hall form a State, and
be admitted a* such into the Union as soon as it shall con-
tain isixty thousand free inhabitants, or at an earlier pot iod,
if Congress shall think expedient, on the juinie conditions
and restrictions, with the fame piivilege--, ami in the panic
manner, piovided in the ordinance of Congress of the 13th
of JtUy, J 767, tor tho government of the western territory
of the United States; which ordinance shall in ah its paits
evtend to the territory contained in the present act ot ces-
sion, that article only excepted which forbids fclavety.1'
The same condition was required by North
Carolina in the cession of Tennessee, as follows:
" That the territory so ceded shall be laid out and formed
into a. State or States containing a suitable extent of teiri-
toiy, the inhabitants of which shall enjoy all the puvi-
leges, benefit*, and advantages set foilh in the Into Congie^
for tho government of the western territory of the United
States: Provided always, That no regulation made, or to
be made, by Congress, shall tend to emancipate slavery."
Well, what was Congress to do? It had to
take the Territory cum onere, or not at all. Con-
gress could not accept the territory and reject the
condition. Not so. It was compelled either to
accept or reject. The necessities of the Govern-
ment required the acceptance, and with it came
slavery. But the gentleman said that, by the act
of 1798, the Government gave free and spontane-
ous consent that slaves might be carried and held
in Mississipi as property. How is this? Free
and spontaneous consent, indeed ! What kintl of
free and spontaneous consent is that, when Con:
gross had none to give? That consent was the ex-
press stipulation of another party. That other
party was Georgia. Besides, slavery was an ex-
isting fact in the territory of Mississippi when it
was ceded, and when it was organized. It was
in this condition, and with this express limitation
upon the action of Congress, that Mississippi was
received by the United States. No, the gentleman
himself is in an error. The fact stands, and it will
stand forever, that when our national existence
began, the founders of the Republic believed they
had the power, and felt it was their duty, to ex-
clude slavery from all territory over which they
had control and sovereignty. Is this the present
policy of our Government? Is it the recognized
policy of the country ? By one great party of the
country it is; but by another, equally command-
ing, it is not even tolerated. Why is this? How
has this happened? In what manner became it
abandoned? How came the original fountains
changed into bitter waters ? Let us see how the
advocates of slavery have progressed from one
position-to another until they have reversed the
entire action of the Government. Thirty years
after the adoption of the Constitution, the slavery
question was reopened, and'became of momentous
concern. The agitation came with the acquisition
of a vast foreign territory. In the progress of
time, and the development of events, the institu-
tion of slavery had become an element of power.
The expectation so universal of its early extinc-
tion had not been realized. The rich possessions
it appropriated in Mississippi, Alabama, and Ten-
nessee, gave to slavery strength and importance.
The acquisition of the Louisiana Territory gave
to it additional opportunity for diffusion. That
opportunity was not overlooked.
Well, sir, what next? 1 come now to 1820. I
shall not enter into the details of that legislative
period. It is historical. My object is different,
it is to show that slavery is the aggressive ele-
ment. What of the act of 1820 ? What was the
concession to slavery under that act <• That it was
a triumph of slavery, is clear. That it was so
regarded at the. tune, no one doubts. Wo have
seen that, in the adoption of this ordinance of
1787, Congress claimed and exercised the power
to exclude slavery from the whole territory then
the subject of legislation. This power of Con-
gress was not challenged in 18:20. Indeed, the
power was fully and broadlv admitted; admitted
by the Congress of 18:20; admitted by the Ad-
ministration and the Cabinet; admitted by the
statesmen of that day—by Wirt and Gallatin
and Thompson, Crawford, and John Gluincy Ad-
ams, illustrious for his purity of character and
transcendent intellect, but more illustrious and
revered for his earnest and life-long devotion to
the cause of human liberty. These statesmen
were of 'the revolutionary mold. They all ad-
mitted the power in Congress to exclude slavery
from the territoiy of the United States.
But to the consideiation of the compromise of
18:20. What was its peculiarity? What was the
advantage which slavery obtained ? Wherein was
the departure from the original policy? In this.
The Congress of the United States, in the exercise
of its undoubted power, heretofore absolute and
general, yielded and applied only a partial and
limited restriction against slavery. Heie was a
point gained. It was a great and important con-
cession. Far worse; it was a disastrous sur-
render. But was slavery satisfied? Not at all.
lnspiiited by success, and emboldened by power,
slavery continued its progress. Already Missis-
sippi and Alabama and Tennessee and Louisiana
and Missoiui were safe.
What next? After an interval of fifteen years
the compromise of 1820 was itself violated. And
why? To propitiate the demands of slavery.
How? By an extension of the limits of the State
of Missouri, whereby a large and fertile territory
was converted from free to slave soil. Then came
Arkansas. Then Texas. After this it was idle
to indulge in the hope of the extinction of slavery
in our clay and generation. But again, in 3850
it became necessary to adjust slavery m another
Territory, of which the United States had just
despoiled Mexico. Slavery was no longer weak,
but was able to, and drd, dictate the compromise
of J850. I think I do no injustice when I say
that slavery had r^o valid claim, either upon Utah
or New Mexico. "Both were free bciore the treaty;
why should their condition bo changed or even
endangered after the treaty? Slavery was for-
bidden in this territory by the law of Mexico.
The territory should have remained in this con-
dition. But the South refused assent. The result
was the compromise of 1850. What was the gist
of that compromise ? Wherein did it differ from
previous legislation ? What progressive step was
made by slavery? Sir, the compromise of 1850
was, in effect, the entire suspension of the power
of Congress over slavery in the organization of
the Territories of New Mexico and Utah. Did
the South gain nothing in this ? Did it not gain
everything? I know that, in extenuation of the
compromise, it was urged that slavery did not
legally exist within the Territory. I know that
it was urged that slavery was not likely to be in-
troduced therein. I know that the power of Con-
gress to exclude slavery therefrom was not ma-
terially denied. But, at the same time, I do know
that the very doctrines which this day are the cause
of so much alarm, and which so much threaten
the peace of the Union, were then foreshadowed.
However, the compromise was accepted, and
Congress voluntarily suspended its power over
the Territory.
What followed? Slavery has been introduced
into Utah, and is protected by territorial legisla-
tion in New Mexico.
Prior to this period it was almost universally held
that slavery existed by virtue of the laws of the
several States, and not otherwise. No one con-
tended, or advocated the right of the inhabitants
of a Territory, either to establish, regulate, or
reject slavery during a territorial condition. It
was for this reason that no immediate danger was
apprehended for Utah and New Mexico. It was
believed that, even if slavery was not excluded
therefrom by Congress, yet, as the inhabitants
therein had no power in themselves to legislate
upon the subject, tho Territory would remain in
the same condition that it was when part of the
Republic of Mexico—that is, free. This was the
opinion of Mr. Clay. This was the general opin-
ion. Had it been otherwise, the people of the
free States would never have been reconciled to
the compromise of 1850. In this view the com-
promise was accepted; the agitation throughout
the country was allayed; the era of good ft cling
was restored. PresidentPiercc made the condition
of public affairs a matter of congratulation in his
annual message. lie said:
Ci Wc are thus not only at peace with all foreign coun-
tries-', but in regard to political aflairs are exempt from any
cause ot serious disquietude m oui domestic relation;-. The
controversies which have agitated the countiy hcietofoie
are puling away with the causes vvhieh pioduoed them
and the passions they had awakened ; or if any trace of them
remain, it may be leasonably hoped that it will only be per-
cei\od in the zealou* uvalry of all good eiti/.i'iih to testily
then respect foi the lights, of the State-, their devotion to
the Union, and thcii common detci nunauon that each one;
or the States, its institutions and its domestic pf,ace, .-h.il!
be held alike secure under the saeied jegis of tin* (\m-ti-
tutiou."
This was the condition of the country m 1850.
The compromise was to bo a finality. That was
the word, sir. But how long did this finality
last? Not four years. In 1854 the country was
again convulsed. We were again at sea, driven
about by every wind of controversy. On the 24th
day of May, 1854, the novel and extraordinary
doctrine was advanced that the compromise of
1820 was inconsistent with the compromise of
1850, and therefore null and void. This was tho
proposition. But why not have reversed the prop-
osition? Would it not have been better to have?
declared that, as the compromise of 1850 was not
in accordance with the compromise of 18:20, that
it should be annulled ? Ought not the eompionnsc
of 18:20 to have been preferred? I think so. It
had stood for thirty years. Ithad pi lority of claim;
and, besides, the North and the South had alike
pai taken of its benefits. But wherein is the incon-
sistency? In what respect, and how far? Gen-
tlemen say that the compromise of 1820 was in-
consistent with the principle of non-intervention;
that this was the principle established m 1850.
Now, I deny that there was any legislation or
any principle established whatever in 1850 in re-
gard to slavery in the Territories of Utah and New
Mexico. All legislation was deemed inexpedient.
The following resolution of Mr. Clay demon-
strates tho fact:
Resolved, That, as slavery does not exist by law, and is
