I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONG-SESSIONAL GLOBE.
'&25
36tii Cong.... 1st Sess.
Slavery Question—Mr. Wilson.
Ho. of Reps.
nothlcely to be introduced into any of the territory acquired
by the United States from Mexico, it is inexpedient lor Con-
giess to piovide by law either for its introduction into, or
exclusion from, any part ol the said temtoiy; and that ap-
piopriate territorial governments ought to be established by
Congress m all of the said territory not assigned as the
boundanes of the proposed State of California, without the
adoption of any restriction or condition on the subject of
slavery."
Appropriate territorial governments were es-
tablished by Congress, based upon this resolution.
Congress neither affirmed nor relinquished the
power to exclude slavery. Thatpower remained
suspended.
Then, as there was no legislation whatever by
Congress, and no principle established, how can
it be contended that the compromises were so in-
consistent with each other, that both could not
stand, and especially so when the action of Con-
gress in both cases was upon separate and dis-
tinct territory, an^ at separate and distinct pe-
riods?
But, what did the Kansas-Nebraska act pro-
pose to do ? In what manner did it reconcile the
alleged inconsistency? In a strange and most
incomprehensible manner—by an absolute de-
nial of the power of Congress to exclude slavery
in any Territory. This neither the compromise
of 1820 nor the compromise of 1850 questioned.
In fact, then, the Kansas-Nebraska act is incon-
sistent with all previous legislation and compro
mises. To this position slavery advanced in 1854.
Here was another progressive step. But to whom
was the power over the question of slavery trans-
ferred by the Kansas-Nebraska act, and when
was it to be exercised? I know, a difference
of opinion has arisen between the supporters of
the bill as to this point. The gentleman from
Viigmia [Mr. Pryor] frankly admitted the fact
when he acknowledged that it "was susceptible
of a various reading.The people of the United
States have become somewhat conscious of the
same fact. Indeed, sir, theie is a suspicion that
it was intentional on the part of its framers.
I agree, also, with the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Pryor] in his statement of the difference,
it was this:
" We of the South said that the principle of the bill was
thattne people of a Terutorymightdetermniethe question
of slavery m the cxorci&e of State sovereignty and in the
act organizing a State government. Others"'—
That is, the Senator from Illinois and his
friends—
il maintain that the puncipleof the bill recognized the right
of the people, by an act of territorial legislation, to determ-
ine the question ot slavi-ry. It is a palpable, important,
and, I apprehend, nrcpaiahlc dllfeience of opinion."
Well, sir, I believe the construction of the South
was right, whether contained in the bill or not.
In my opinion, the proper period for the determ-
ination of the question of slavery in a Territory
is at the time of the adoption of their State con-
stitution—not before, before that time, while
the territorial condition remains, the exclusive
power over that question is in the Congress of the
United States, and nowhere else.
But I deny that the bill conferred on the inhab-
itants of the Territoiy any such power. It is not
in the bill. Where is the grant? The friend's of
the bill say that it is contained in the fourteenth
section:
"It being the true intent and meaning of this act neither
to legj-iate slavery into any Territory or State, nor to cx-
cludij it therefrom, but to leave the people thereof perfectly
free to form and regulate their own domestic institutions
in their own way ; subject only to the Constitution of the
United States."
Sir, this is no grant of power to the inhabitants
of the Territory during a territorial condition.
No time whatever is expressed for the exeicise
of legislation. It is a general, vague, indefi-
nite expression, liable to various interpretations.
It is true, it declares that the people of any Ter-
ritory are to be left perfectly free to form and reg-
ulate their own institutions; but when? at what
time ? in what manner? While a Territory ? or by
territorial legislation? The bill says no such
thing. But elsewhere in the bill, in the first sec-
tion, the time and the manner are specified. It is
in the formation of their State constitution, pre-
paratory to admission into the Union, by the in-
habitants of the Territory. That is the time, ac-
cording to the Kansas-Nebraska bill. And why
is not this the proper period ? Before that time, ||
what are the political rights of the inhabitants of !:
a Territory? Are they the same with those of
the people of a State? Not at all. They have
no Federal rights or advantages. They arc not
even citizens of the United States*, they are not
even a people; they are inhabitants, and nothing
more. The inhabitants of a Territory are virtu-
ally disfranchised—disfranchised as to President;
disfranchised as to Vice President; disfranchised
as to Governor; disfranchised as to Representa-
tive in Congress, and disfranchised as to their
own judiciary. What, then, is their condition?
Is it that of sovereignty ? No, sir. It is a condi-
tion of dependency upon the General Government.
The assumption ofterritorial sovereignty is wholly
unwarrantable. It is without precedent.
From whence is derived this idea of territorial
sovereignty5 Is it in the inherent right of self-
government in the inhabitants of a Territory? If
so, then the whole policy of the Federal Govern-
ment heretofore has been one of wrong and injus-
tice to the inhabitants of the, Territories. On the
contrary, the relation has been one of protection,
encouragement, and justice. If so, then the Kan-
sas-Nebraska bill itself ought to be repealed, for
itf is a standing denial of this great fundamental
light. Neither do the inhabitants of a Territory
derive their political rights from the States in
their separate and independent sovereignty.' For
then, as one State would have the same right and
power to control the Territory as another State,
a contest would arise between the States as to the
character and extent of their respective authority.
Then, ah neither the inhabitants of a Territory
nor of the States, independently of each other,
have power over any Territory for its govern-
ment, where docs the power exist? Without
doubt, in the Congress of the United States. That
Congress is a safe depository of such power, let
the twenty States admitted into the Union under
the exercise by Congress of this power testify.
Should it then be withdrawn? Is it safer in the
hands of the inhabitants of a Territory? Will it
be more prudently and wisely used? It is my
clear conviction that such a concession of power
to the inhabitants would be both unwise and un-
safe. Therefore, I cannot support the proposi-
tion of the honorablegentlcmanfrom Illinois, [Mr.
Kellogg,] to confer on the inhabitants of a Ter-
ritory the right to elect their territorial officers.
I am not yet prepared to elevate a Territory to
an equality with a State, without the burdens of
a State. I cannot, and will not, for any reason
yet advanced, abarftlon the early policy of the
Government.
But, if I can discern and understand the course
of events, I shall be relieved in this respect. Ter-
ritorial sovereignty soon will be, as it ought to be,
abandoned and repudiated.'
But one other position of the South remains to
be considered. This last and extreme position
was thus announced to the country by the Presi-
dent in his annual message:
" The right ha« been established of every citizen to take
his property of any kind, including slave-?, into the common
Ten it ones belonging equallj'to all the State* of the Confed-
eracy, and have it piotected there undci the Federal Con-
stitution. Neither Congress, nor a Territorial Legislature,
nor any human power, has any authority to annul or impair
this vested right."
Again, in the resolutions of the honorable Sen-
ator from Mississippi, [Mr. Davis,] I find this
position announced and affirmed. The resolution
is in these words:
u Resolved, ThatneitherCongressnoraTerritonalLegis-
lature, whether by direct legislation or legislation of an in-
direct and unfriendly nature, possess the power to annul
or impair the constitutional rights o( any citizen of tiie Uni-
ted Status, to take his slave property into the common Terri-
toi ics, but it is the duty of the terntoi lal government there to
afford for that, as tor every other tpecics of property, the
needi'ul protection ; ami if experience should, at any tinfe,
pi ove that the judiciary dof'ss not possess every powei to in-
sure adequate protection, it will then be the duty ot Con-
gress to supply such deficiency.'"
To this position the advocates of slavery have
at length reached.
I have endeavored to show the succcssive steps
by which this point has been attained, and the
whole policy of the Government reversed. I have
shown that in the earlier days of the Republic
the power in Congress was conceded, and the
policy approved, of the entire exclusion of slavery
from the Territory of the United States; that in
1820 the exercise of the power was limited and
partial; that in 1850 the power was wholly and
voluntarily suspended; that in 1854 it was denied;
and that now, in 1860, the power in Congress to
legislate upon slavery is reaffirmed, but for a dis-
tinct and different object—that object the protec-
tion of slavery in all the Territories, That the
change has been gradual, is true. Had it been
sudden, the public mind would have been alarmed.
Nevertheless, the chahge has been as sure as it
has been gradual; until now it is even regarded
with complacency. The issue, then, is broad and
irreconcilable between the two contending parties
in the United States. There can be no issue of
greater magnitude. With a national domain of
vast ex tent, and resources unparalleled, itis not im-
possible that even all of us may see the day when
the States of this Union may exceed twofold
their present number. Then, in the formation
of those new communities, and in the organiza-
tion of those new States, this question will have
an enduring and momentous influence. Then it
is our duty to investigate, and wisely and pru-
dently decide the issue.
Sir, where does this issue arise? Not in Spain,
nor yet in Austria; but in the United States of
America. After eighty years as a Government,
with a history not obscured or darkened by des-
potism, and our influence throughout the world
as yet unimpaired, it certainly is a strange theater
for the consideration of the question of protection
to slavery. If those illustrious men by whom '
this Government was founded could arise from
their silent, and almost forgotten, graves, would
they not exclaim, " Whatdoes all this mean? Is
this Republic, which we established in justice
and freedom, become the instrument of injustice
and slavery? Have you, our descendants, be-
come more arbitrary than they from whom you
and us were freed? Is this the end of all our
struggles and sacrifices?" How could we re-
spond, except in shame? But, the question of
protection of slavery is before us, and cannot be
avoided. It presents itself for investigation, ex-
amination, discussion, and decision. Besides, it
is our right to investigate this question. Twenty
million people, interested in the general wel-
fare of the whole country, and participants of its
blessings or its evils, have an undoubted right to
consider, with the other nine million, what insti-
tutions shall be encouraged and protected by the
Federal Government. This will not be denied; or,
if denied, it cannot be prevented. The right to
consider and determine all our political questions
belongs to the American people. The privilege is
freely conceded to every one, everywhere, to ex-
amine the system of the free States of the Union.
There it is; look for yourselves ! If it has evils,
prove them. If it has dangers, proclaim them,
if it is a system of weakness, let it be circum-
scribed. If wise and beneficent, let it have full
sway. Wc claim the same privilege to examine
the system of the slave States; and now, more
than ever before, when protection is demanded
for slavery from the Federal Government. Let
each system bo placed before the people for their
decision, and the right prevail. And it will pre-
vail ! " For who knows not that truth is strong,
next to the Almighty? She needs no policies,
nor stratagems, nor licensing, to make her victo-
rious. These are the shafts and defenses that
error uses against her power."
But first, before protection can be accorded to
slavery, one thing must be accomplished by its
advocates. The people of the eighteen free States
must be convinced, as you claim to be convinced,
that slavery is the just, proper, and natural rela-
tion between the two races. This is not their opin-
ion. They believe its very existence is unnatural
and wrongful. This opinion they received from
the early statesmen, the worthies of the Revolu-
tion, whose lips were touched with a live coal from
offthealtarof national independence. Then, when
asked to give protection to slavery, will they not
reply: "What, would you have us extend an evil;
would you have us perpetuate a wrong; would
you have us justify slavery before the world?"
Therefore this opinion must be eradicated. Can
it be done? I think not. It is an impossibility.
Sir, let us not deceive ourselves. That ever the
twenty million freemen who inhabit the free
States of the American Union will regard slavery
as just and right in itself, I do not believe. Tlreir
