1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2711
Tic SPEAKER pro tempore. The motion is
not in order.
Mr. BOULIGNY. I wish to inquire of the
Chair how it comes that Mr. Dawes, Mr. Sher-
man, and Mr. H. Winter. Davis, who were here
when the call of the House was ordered, are not
Here now.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair can-
not inform the gentleman..
Mr. HICKMAN. I move the gentleman from
New York have leave to print his speech.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I object.
Mr. HUGHES. It is now nearly six o'clock
in the morning. 1 wish to inquire whether the
Sergeant-at-Arms has cxccutcd the order of the
House ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Sergeant-
at-Arms .is absent, under the order of the House,
to take absent members, wherever he can find
them, and bring them here.
Mr. HUGHES. Do I understand that this
House has decided to maintain its dignity to that
extent?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The House is
determined to send for members, and arrest them
wherever they can be found.
Mr. HUGHES. Then I am perfectly satisfied
to have a sleepless night here to accomplish that
object.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. "4 am very unwell, and
ask to be excused until eleven o'clock.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. K1LGORE. I move that I be cxcused
until four, p. m.
Mr. ENGLISH. I hope my colleague will in-
clude me in that motion.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. KILGOIIE. I move that Mr. English
and myself be excused till the close of this ses-
sion of Congress.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland., I rise to a
question of order. I think no motion of that kind
should be sustained.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is
of the opinion that the point of order is well
taken.
Mr. ENGLISH. I am very glad to see that
the House appreciate our services.
Mr. BOULIGNY. I want to know again what
has become of these members who were present
when the call of the House was ordered, and are
not here now r
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will
state to the gentleman from Louisiana that lie
understood they answered to their names and
left the Hall befoie the doors were closed.
Mr. GARTRELL. I respectfully ask the
House to grant me leave of absence for thirty
minutes by t&o clock.
Mr. HUGHES. Oh, that is too long. Say
twenty minutes.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. I move to
amend the motion by requiring that the gentle-
man from Georgia address the House for twenty
minutes.
' Mr. GARTRELL. If the House will grant
me leave of absence, I am willing then to undergo
the burden of addressing the House for thirty
minutes, if the gentleman desires it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GARTRELL. I withdraw the request.
Mr. VANCE. 1 earnestly hope that all this
will not go upon the record as a part of the pro-
ceedings of the House of Representatives of the
United Slates of America.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will
state that it certainly will go upon the record, un-
less the House, by unanimous consent, otherwise
direct.
Mr. HICKMAN. The gentleman from Geor-
gia [Mr. GAKTiiELL] has heen here all night, and
f hope leave of absence will be granted him as he
requests. I make that motion.
Mr. CAREY. I move to amend the motion
by inserting the name of John Carey.
Mr. HICKMAN. 1 am willing to modify the
motion so as to include the name of the gentleman.
The motion, as modified, was agreed td.
Mr. HUGHES. If there be no particular
business before the House, I propose that the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
he discharged from the consideration of a certain
bill which I have preparedvith great elaboration.
I do not exactly remember the title,but the object
of it is to grant an appropriation for building the
Washington Monument. That association has
very modestly asked Congress to make an appro-
priation of §20,000 annually, for ten years, mak-
ing only §200,000 in the aggregate. I trust the
bill will pass by unanimous consent.
Mr. KILGORE. I rise to the question oforder
that there is nothing before the House.
Mr. HUGHES. Weil, I must say that is the
most unreasonable question of order that ever I
heard in my life.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair sus-
tains'the question of order.
Mr. BOULIGNY. It seems to mo we arc do-
ing nothing now, and wo might as well listen to
the speech of the gentleman from New York.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. It is per-
fectly idle to repeat that motion. I shall object
every time it is made.
Mr. BOULIGNY. I move that the gentleman
from New York [Mr. McKean] be permitted to
print his speech.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I object.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. We can do nothing, be-
cause we cannot get a quorum before ten or eleven
o'clock. It does seem tome that we ought to ad-
journ, so as to prepare ourselves to goon at eleven
o'clock.
Mr. McKEAN. The motions to permit me to
print my speech, though kindly made, have been
made without my authority. I thank the gentle-
men who have manifested this interest in my re-
marks. I assure them that I appreciate their
kindness. But, sir, I do not want permission to
publish my speech. I have, I believe, been a
modest member of this House. I have been silent
here for six months, only answering to my name
on the roll-calls. If the House will not now hear
me speak I will not publish. If my party friends,
and those who are not my party friends, will not
concede to me the right to address the House I
will not find fault, but remain in the same quiet-
ness I have been in before.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I move that the gentle-
man from >. !:\v York be allowed to proceed with
his remarks.
Mi. CRAIGE, of Noitli Carolina. That mo-
tion can only be made in order to get me upon
the record. I am willing to go on the record as
often as gentlemen please. When there is a quo-
rum present, I will hear the gentleman with great
pleasure. 1 think that the point of order ought
to have been made long ago. I object to the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Georgia.
Mr. McKEAN. If I have any complaint, it
is against those who have disobeyed the order of
the House, and not against those magnanimous
men who have remained here all night. I cannot
foigct the kindness and generosity of these men,
whether they belong to this side or to the other
side.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. Just in that
conncction I will say, that the House is perfectly
aware that no business can be done without a
quorum. When there is not a quorum piesent,
a speech can be delivered only by unanimous
consent. Gentlemen on the other side have (he
majority here. If those gentlemen cannot carry
out this call, and compel a majority to be present,
it must occcur to them shat there must be some
understanding on the subject.
Mr. BOULIGNY. It'is evident that we can-
not hear what the gentleman is saying unless the
sleepers all around the Hall arc waked up,and a
stop put to their snoring. [Laughter.]
Mr, STEWART, of Maryland. I am not dis-
posed to mtrriupt the enjoyment of the gentlemen
who are asleep. 1 say "that there must be some
understanding on this mattei. There arc some of
us on this side who are willing to hear the gentle-
man fiorn New York. Many of the members of
| this side have been here all night, and yet the gen-
tlemen on the other side have not been able to raise
a quorum, to carry out this proceeding which they
have instituted. A laige number of the Demo-
crats, and those who affiliate with them, have been
here resisting these proceedings.
Mi. KILGORE. Who does the gentleman
mean, when he speaks of those who affiliate with
the Democracy '
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. All the sound,
conservative national men who oppose the Re-
publican party.
Mr. KILGORE. There is little affiIiation.be-
tween Republicanism and Democracy.
Mr. MlLLWARD. I rise to a point of order;
and that is, that no quorum being present, the
remarks of the gentleman from Maryland are out
of order. [Laughter.]' * -
The SPEAKER pre/ tempore. .The point is well
taken. . " ••
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. I take an
appeal from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. THOMAS. I move that the appeal be
laid upon the table.
The question was taken; and the appeal was
laid upon the table.
Mr. ALDRICH. I move that, by unanimous
consent, the gcntlemanfrom Maryland be allowed
to proceed with his speech.
Mr. ASHLEY. I move that the gentleman
from New York [Mr. KcKean] bo included.
Objection was made.
Mr. NELSON. I move that the House take a
recess until eleven o'clock. Some of us have been
here since the meeting of the House on yesterday.
I have been, for one. I have been opposed to this
whole proceeding. I have voted for every motion
made to adjourn; but, as it has been the pleasure
of a majority of those who have been present to
remain, I have seen fit, as others have, to show
my obedience to a majority of the House by sit-
ting here. I have riot been out of the Capitol since
I canie here yesterday morning. There are others
here who have been in the same condition. As it
is the pleasure of a majority of the House, con-
trary to my views of propriety, to remain hero
and send out for absent members, I say that we
ought to carry it out in good faith, and not have
a ridiculous and contemptible farce 
Air. BOULIGNY. If the gentleman means to
reflect upon the House, I must call him to order.
Mr. NELSON. I do not mean any reflection
upon the House. It seems to me, if we intend to
enforce this proceeding, we ought to require ab-
sent members to give a good and valid excuse for
their absence. In order to carry out that object
I think that we had better take a recess, and give
the Sergeant-at-Arms an ample opportunity to
bring in the absentees. I move that the House
take a recess until eleven o'clock.
Objection was made.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. A motion for a
recess cannot be entertained when a quorum is
not present.
Mr. KILGORE. I rise forthc purpose of sub-
mittmga motion to terminate debate. I move that
the reporters be cxcused from reporting, and are
requested not to report the proceedings of thi3
House since nine o'clock last night.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. 'That motion can
only be received by unanimous consent.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object to everything of that
sort.
Mr. HILL. Our proceedings are already in
print in New York.
Mr. HICKMAN. I object to it, because the
gentleman from Indiana does not know what the
proceedings have been since last night.
Mr. KILGORE. I will modify my motion
and say since five o'clock this morning.
The SPEAKER, of the House at this time (six
o'clock, a. m.) entered the House, and resumed
his place m the chair.
Mr. HILL. I congratulate the House upon
the return of the Speaker.
Mr. HUGHES. I move that the thanks of the
House be returned to the Speaker pro tempore,
[Mr. Colfax,] for the industrious,able, and im-
partial manner in which he has presided over the
proceedings' of this House for the last twelve
hours.
The motion was unanimously agreed to.
Mr. CASE f move that the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Colfax] have permission to print
his speech in reply. [Laughter.]
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. If it be
necessary, 1 object.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. I would like
to know, Mr. Speaker, how your honor hap-
pened to be here at thiscaily hour? [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair would assure the
gentleman from Maryland that it is none of my
own doings.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. I wanted to
know whether he was brought here by the Ser-
geaut-at-Arms or by a civil message?
