1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
747
legislate. If we differ from them in their action
we can say so. _ _ .
Now as to the expense of sustaining this privi-
lege. It has been aserted that to abolish the frank-
ing privilege will save to the country about two
and a half million dollars annually, directly and
indirectly; that the abolition of this privilege will
lead to the abolition of other abuses, which, added
to the saving in the postal service, will save about
that amount. Wow, I wish to know whether or
not, if we are to go before the country upon this
question of economy, gentlemen are willing to
meet this issue ?
I go a step further. Gentlemen have told us
that it is our business to instruct the people. When
did it become the business of any Congress to in-
struct the people? Was this Government con-
structed for the purpose of instructing the people ?
And how do you instruct them? You may at
once assume that gentlemen only send speeches
to the people on their own side, in ninety-nine
cases out of a hundred, and then you have only
a one-sided instruction. It is impossible that it
should be otherwise. I had always supposed that
the doctrine was, upon all sides,,at least in pro-
fession, that we bow to the majesty of the people,
and that we receive our instruction from them. I
do not mean to discuss this matter upon one side
or the other. I do not mean to intimate that I
am to be instructed or to be the instructor; but I
say that this whole doctrine of instruction is fal-
lacious and absurd.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. If there is no
objection, I will withdraw my amendment.
Mr. WINSLOW. I object.
The question was put; and the amendment was
not agreed to.
Mr. WALTON. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the Senate by striking out all after the
word " blanks," in the third line..
We are invited by the Senate to adopt this
amendment, and to apply the contract system to
the printing of Post Office blanks, without any
examination by a committee, and without any
opportunity of learning wisdom from the experi-
ence of the past. We are told upon the other side
of the House that if we will adopt this amendment
we will save seventy percent, upon the price now
allowed for the printing of these blanks. I am
willing to receive that declaration from gentlemen
upon that side of the House for all it is worth. I
am willing-that it shall go the country that the
Post Office Department has been paying seventy
per cent, more for this work than those who per-
formed the work are fairly entitled to.
But I trust gentlemen will pardon me if I de-
cline to believe, upon their word, that the adoption
of this amendment will save that amount. What
guarantee have we that a single dollar will be
saved? I do not know that this contract system
is the best system to be applied to printing. If
I recollect aright, it has been once applied to the
public printing, and, for some reason or other,
Congress has been compelled to abandon it, and
to adopt a system of fixed prices. It is within
my recollection, and probably within the recol-
lection of every memberof this House, that some
of the largest robberies ever perpetrated upon the
Treasury have been perpetrated under the con-
tract system.
Now, I object to being forced by the Senate to
adopt that system and apply it to the public print-
ing, without time to examine into it. If we apply
that system to the printing of the Post Office
blanks, we should apply it to the printing of the
House, the Senate, and all the Departments.
Rather than adopt this measure hastily, without
time for consideration, I would adopt the resolu-
tion proposed by the chairman of the committee
of Ways and Means, which will come up in its
order on Monday next. Let us appoint a com-
mittee, and send this whole matter to them. Let
us have no hasty legislation. Let us not confine
our reform, if it be a. reform* to the printing of
the Post Office blanks. Let us have an examina-
tion into the subject of the printing of this House,
of the Senate, and of all the Departments; and if
the contract system is found to be the best system,
let us adopt it for all the Departments of the Gov-
ernment; and if it is not found to be the best, let
us have the system of fixed prices.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MILLSON. I am opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Vermont. The gen-
tleman from South Carolina [Mr. Keitt] said
that a certain gentleman had suggested the pro-
priety of instructing the people. I wish to know
if the gentleman referred to anything I said ?
Mr. KEITT. I will say to the gentleman from
Virginia that I did not have the pleasure of hear-
ing his remarks, and of course 1 did not refer to
anything he said. I was alluding to the argu-.
ments which had been eliminated by various gen-
tlemen in the House.
Mr. MILLSON. As one of my colleagues
had fallen into the same error, and had attributed
to me the remark that I desired to instruct the
people, I thought the gentleman from South Caro-
lina also alluded to myself. I will say, however,
that I never expressed or entertained any such
opinion as that it was the duty of Congress to in-
struct the people. On the contrary, I have always
held that it was the right of our constituents to
instruct us. No^, sir, I do not regard it as an
instruction of the people when we make to them
a report of the manner in which we have dis-
charged our agency in their behalf. The Presi-
dent of the United States is required to make a
report to us; but do we understand the President
of the United States as instructing the House ?
And when we make a report to our constituents
of what we do in our character as their agents,
is it to be supposed, and are we to be told, that
we are claiming the right to instruct them ? No,
sir; we are holding ourselves accountable to them,
as they have the right to hold us to a strict ac-
countability.
Now, one word more in reference to what has
been said by gentlemen on this side of the House
in reference to the practice of the Senate in put-
ting questions of independent legislation upon the
appropriation bills. I will say that I have been
amazed by what I have heard to-day from gentle-
men on this side of the House; for I had supposed
that, if there was a party in the Government that
had in times past most persistently denounced that
practice, it was the Democratic party, and espe-
cially the Democratic Representatives from the
southern States; and yet, when I supposed that,
in the remarks I made to-day, I should touch a
chord that would vibrate in the heart of every Dem-
ocrat, I find that I was mistaken; I find that the
practice which has been so long denounced upon
this side of the House is now excused, sustained,
and vindicated by no gentlemen here except by
members of the Democratic party; I find myself
unexpectedly in opposition to my friends, from
whom I had expected sympathy and support.
But, sir, however I may regret that they have
changed their opinion upon this subject, I can only
say that I, for one, must remain true to the prin-
ciples which have regulated my public course ever
since I have been a member of this body, which
is to oppose the incorporation by the Senate, upon
appropriation bills, of matters of independent
legislation.
Mr. PHELPS. For the purpose of enabling
me to submit some remarks, I will move to amend
the amendment of the gentleman from Vermont
by increasing the number of days' public notice
required, to forty.
I understood the gentleman from Vermont to
remark that he would concede that, if this amend-
ment should be adopted, it would be a saving of
at least seventy per cent, of the cost of the print-
ing of the Post Office blanks; but that this was
only an acknowledgment that the Executive De-
partment had paid too much to those who had
performed this service. Let me inform the gen-
tleman from Vermont, that the amount of compen-
sation paid for printing these blanks is the price
specified by the act of 1852; and that the only
control the Executive Department have had over
the subject, is to designate the person who is to
perform the work at the prices stipulated by law.
I have stated that I was desirous of accom-
plishing this reform; and that, if this amendment
should be adopted, it would save seventy percent,
of the cost of printing. This information I de-
rived from the head of the Post Office Department
himself. At the last session of Congress, I was
a memberof the Committee of Ways and Means.
That Committee had prepared a bill making the
usual appropriations for sustaining the Post Of-
fice Department under existing law. That bill
contained no restrictions, no independent legisla-
tion upon the subject; but yet, such was the de-
sire to economize in reference to this public print-
ing, that, at the instance of the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Spinner,] an amendment was
adopted in Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, which was agreed to by the House,
regulating the prices for performing this public
printing for the Post Office Department. There
was an appropriation reported in the bill of $80,000,
that being the amount estimated for by the Post-
master General as necessary to meet the expenses
for the fiscal year; but that amount was reduced,
on motion of the gentleman from New York, from
$80,000 to $40,000, and a proviso adopted that
the printing should be done by the lowest re-
sponsible bidder; showing that it was then the
belief that the expense would be reduced by at least
one half.
Mr. ROBINSON, of Rhode Island. I oppose
the amendment of the gentleman from Missouri,
and propose briefly to assign my reasons why I
shall vote against the amendment of the Senate.
Like my friend from Maryland, [Mr. Harris,]
I am opposed to that hasty, precipitate legislation
which must be adopted if we assent to this amend-
ment.
The gentleman from South Carolina said that
he would rely upon the dignity of the Senate to .
prevent them from doing anything which would
dragoon the House into what our views of pro-
priety would not induce us to do. I will refer
that gentleman to the fact that, during the long
weeks previous to the organization of this House,
they decided they were authorized to introduce
billis and to act without reference to the organiza-
tion of the House, and that, although this matter,
now regulated by law, which allows to the printer
such enormous compensation, they said was one
they could take under consideration, yet it never
occurred to their minds to do so until we passed
this bill for the relief of the mail contractors, who
have been wearing out their heels upon the pave-
ments of this Capitol while we have been in ses-
sion. Then it was that they deemed it necessary
to insert this provision upon this bill. I put it to
the dignity of this House, whether wo shall act
according to our own rules, and not suffer our-
selves to be deflected from a proper course because
the Senate themselves have chosen to ingraft this
amendment upon this appropriation bill.
Now, sir, one word in regard to the franking
privilege. 1 am not decided what I shall do when
the question comes up for its abolition. Isay this:
that while we ourselves, according to a suggestion
of the gentleman from Virginia, do not undertake
to instruct our constituents, yet I do claim that
the franking privilege is one of the means by
which they ohtain information of what is being
done in this House. I believe that the franking
privilege, or the franking duty, as it has been more
properly termed by the gentleman from Virginia,
is one upon which they rely to obtain that inform-
ation which will instruct them in what the Gov-
ernment is doing. I believe that they require it,'
and I shall vote against it.
Mr. BARKSDALE. It is evident that we can-
not get through these amendments to-night, and I
move that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Grow reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had under consideration
the Union generally, and particularly amendments
of the Senate to House bill (No. 1) makingappro-
priations to defray the deficiencies in the appro-
priations for the service of the Post Office Depart-
ment for the fiscal year ending the 30th of June,
1859, and m part for the support of the Post Office
Department for the fiscal year ending the 30th of
June, 1860,and had come to no resolution thereon.
JOINT COMMITTEE ON THE RULES.
Mr. STAI4TON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to present the following reso-
Resolvei by the Senate and Houseof Representatives, That
a joint eommittec of three members of the House and
members of the Senate he appointed to revise the joint
rules of the two Houses, with power to report at any time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object.
KAKSAS.
Mr. GROW. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the President be requested to communi-
cate to the House, the returns filed in the State, Depan
