748
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February IB,
ment, of all the elections held in the Territory of Kansas,
sines the 1st day of June last.
Mr. BURNETT. I object; and move that the
House do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and then (at twenty-
five minutes past four o'clock, p. m.) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 13, 1860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
The Journal of Thursday last was read and
approved.
DEATH OF HON. D. C. BRODERICK.
Mr. HATJN. Mr. President, in conformity to
an established practice of the Senate, it becomes
my melancholy duty to announce, formally, an
event which transpired during the adjournment
of Congress; the intelligence of which has been
already otherwise received by the country, with
feelings of deep regret.
My immediate predecessor on this floor, the late
Hon. David C. Broderick, departed this life, in
the city of San Francisco, on the 16th day of Sep-
tember last, having fallen in an unfortunate con-
flict, which was engendered by the use of un-
guarded expressions by the deceased, personal
in their character, towards another distinguished
gentleman, who occupicd a high and honorable
position in the State of California, and which were
inflamed by the bitter political contest then j/ist
terminated in that State.
David Colbretu Broderick, the subjectof this
announcement, was born in this city,in February,
1819, and at the time of his death was but little
over forty years of age.
His father, an Irish emigrant, was by occupa-
tion a stone-cutter; and, though moving in the
humbler walks of life, was highly respected and
esteemed as an"industrious artisan and worthy
citizen.
Having, whilst David was yet offender years
removed to the city of New York, lie there lived'
mil-suing liis vocation, until the year 1837, when
he died, leaving his late distinguished son, at the
early age of eighteen years, charged with the sup-
port of his mother and a younger brother; these
soon followed the elder Broderick to the grave; and
David stood alone in the world, without recog-
nizable kindred. With a striking expression of
profound sadness, he remarked in my presence,
some years since, which I now call to memory'
that he was the last of his blood on earth, so far
as he knew. Hence arose that haughty gloom
enahroudmg his soul, through after life, lie could
not eradicate and was too proud to hide.
Having, by diligence and study, surmounted j
many of the obstacles with wluch poverty and i
humble fortune had encompassed his path, he
arose, in the city of New York, from the humble !
place of an apprenticed mechanic, through many
years of arduous labor and severe application, to
a position commanding high public respect and
political elevation. In 1846, at the age of twenty-
seven years, he was brought forward by his
friends, and nominated for the office of Repre-
sentative in'Congress; but we learn was defeated
by a division of the vote of his party in the dis-
trict. r '
In the year 1849 we find him on the Pacific
slope, entering with courage, energy, and perse-
verance upon the new field which the then re-
cently discovered gold regions of California pre-
sented to enterprise, at once the most lucrative
and inspiring to honorable ambition. Upon this
new theater of activity and ceaseless toil he soon
was known as a man of marked notoriety and
great influence. 3
_ He arrived in California poor in purse, but rich
in energy and self-reliance; then, dffidaining the
pui suits of ephemeral excitements and allure-
ments which marked those earlier days, ho stead-
ily bent his strong intellect and controlling will
to the serious purposes of life.
His high moral deportment begat universal re-
spect; m private life he bore the character of one
of the most exemplary men; his generous heart
and open hand attracted and attached to him a
host of devoted and admiring friends, who de-
lighted to honor him with publie'tind private con-
fidence. Many of these, his early pioneer com-
panions to California, yet remain, who mourn his
loss with fraternal, unforgetful sorrow.
In 1850 he was elected to the Senate of Califor-
nia, and in 1851 was chosen President of that
body, to fill a vacancy occasioned by the promo-
tion of Lieutenant Governor McDougal to the
gubernatorial chair, upon the resignation of Gov-
ernor Burnett.
In 1852 he was reelected to the Senate, and
served with distinguished ability in the various
positions there assigned him.
The distinguishing trait in the late Senator Brod-
erick's character, was his strong, unbending will,
and the unity andprecision of movement it afforded
him to carry out his judgment when Formed.
He had, with legitimate and commendable am-
bition, kept his eye steadily fixed upon a scat in
this august body, as the place, of all others,
deemed by himself and friends the most suitable
for the development of his talents and statesman-
ship. In this he was sustained by their success-
ful efforts; and in 1857 he was chosen as a United
States Senator from the State of California.
He took his seat upon this floor in March ofthe
succeeding year. His official action in the Senate
forms a part of the national records; and many
members now present were participants with him
in the management of public questions here. Of
that record, it is not my purpose now to speak;
for how do the angry waves of political contro-
versy subside, when we stand by the grave of one
who, though once engaged amid the fiercest ele-
ments, now lies cold in the chamber of death, and
pulseless forever!
David 0. Broderick was no ordinary man.
Against the frowns of influence and fortune, lie
made his way to ease and distinction; and by his
life and successes, illustrated the beauty of our
American institutions, in opening1 the avenue of
elevation equally to all, whether the high or hum-
ble in origin.
In his life ho was made confident by his appli-
cation, and to aspire to renown svere the neces-
sary fruits of his toil; in political conduct he was
a chief, who ruled leaders and ovdeved his success-
ors; in his death, ho sleeps lamented as one of
the pioneer self-made, honored sons of California,
mourned by many, lost to all!
In the ceremonies of this sad tribute to the
memory of your late associate, Senators, may I
not remark upon the solemn thought which the
occasion induces, when we realize that, "in the
midst of life, we arc in death;" and that we, too,
must soon comply with nature's sure demand,
ana leave these earthly scenes for that
<m L.idi-u-overcd country, from whose bourne
±V) iistvuler returns."
iVIay we not earnestly hope, when the present
, and many future generations shall have passed
1 away, that our Union will stand against every
■ political tempest, transmitting to posterity the
blessings oi liberty inherited from our fathers'
And niay we not continue, with due legard, to
submit to Him whose decrees are final?
Mr. President, 1 offer the following resolutions:
Revived unanimously, That tile members of the Senate
tram a sincere d^ire of showing every mark of respectdue
to tue memory of Hon. David C. Broderick, deceased,
tote a munuer thereof, will go into mourning, by weanns
crnpo on the left arm for thirty days,
ttcsolved unanimously, That, ^ an additional mark of
respect for the memory of Hon. David C. Broderick,
deceased, the fcenatc do now adjourn.
Ordered, That the Secretary communicate a copy of these
resolutions to the I-Jouhc of Repiesentatives.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I rise, Mr. President,
or the purpose of seconding the resolutions which
have been offered, and will take this occasion to
make a very few remarks. It seems to me, Mr. i
rresident, that it is most becoming to say very I
little upon such occasions. There "is a cold sort '
of solemnity about them, that seems to forbid the i
use of vain words. The language of the grave is 1
brief and severe; and witbin'its precincts it does
not become us to use the language of flattery or i
eulogy. The world to which our departed col- I
league lias gone is oue where the flatterers and '
the flattery alike are no more to be found. That i
belongs to this world, and not to that to which in i
some measure, we are supposed to address our- '
selves on such an occasion.
I knew Senator Beodekick. 1 only met with j
him m this Hall. I did not know him until he H
came here as a Senator a few years am His 1
history we have had m brief and beautiful terms
expressed by his successor this morning. I have
nothing to add to that history. He was, indeed, as
the Senator has said, no ordinary man. David
C. Broderick was a peculiar and an extraordinary
man. All the courses of his life mark him as such.
He occupied no position m life, high or low, upon
which he did not leave his deep impression. He
made his mark wherever he stood; and no man's
career has been, to the oxtentof it, more decidedly
traceable and more decidedly marked than David
C. Brodf.rick's. He made his way through all
the vicissitudes of this life. He was thrown into
the midst of the temptations of a great city, with-
out friend or monitor. Without friend or moni-
tor, he seems to have preserved, according to all
the testimony we have, his integrity amidst temp-
tation; and he made advances against all the dis-
advantages of life which surrounded him, until
we found him at last in this body.
He was here, as lie appeared "to me, a man of
purposes and convictions. He followed them
strenuously; he followed them bravely. His heart
was not wanting in kindness; and, save when lie
was in the pursuit of those convictions and pur-
poses that 1 have mentioned, he was a kind and
conciliatory spirit. He possessed the devotion of
friends in a most extraordinary degree, as I learn
from those who were much better acquainted with
his life than I was. Broderick's friends would
do, for any one of his friends, all that they would
do for Broderick himself. By his own devotion
to them, it must have been, and by his sympathy
with his friends, that he commanded and swayed
all their feelings, and could control their conduct
in the most remarkable and extraordinary degree.
In this body, so far as I could judge, and so far
as my testimony may go, his conduct seemed to
be that of an upright, bold. faithful public serva nt.
He was not a polished man; he was not an edu-
cated man; he was sometimes rash and rough m
his manner; but his purposes here, so far as I can
judge, were honest and upright; and, with a bold-
ness and a frankness open as day, he spoke what
he thought, and lie spoke it like a man. He was
a man, and we shall not look upon his like again.
Sir, I allude to the itlannerof his death only to
say that the manner of it is to be ascribed rather
to the vices of the times and to the vices of society
than to any particular fault of his. He was a man
that could not, from liis nature, more than he could
from the laws of society, refuse to meet any such
arbitrament as that in which his life was sacrificed.
The world had presented to him a rough and ad-
versa current to encounter from his youth up-
wards. He was bred in the midst of difficulties.
He was bred in the midst of the sternest tempta-
tions, and the sternest rivalships of this life. He
could not turn aside in his coarse from any peril
or from any danger. That was not the course of
I David C. Broderick.
j There was a degree of mystery, too, in regard
j to him. He was a man of whose origin but httle
was known. He seemed to be the offspring of
mystery, and it surrounded him in such away
through life as to give a sort of dignity to his char-
acter^ His was a formidable name for every an-
tagonist—a mysterious,formidable name: a stem,
haughty, onward spirit, yielding to no difficulties,
yielding to no dangers, pursuing onward, accord-
ing to his convictions, his purposes, one steadfast
course, let it lead where it might. It brought him
to the Senate, and finally led" him to the°grave.
There, sii, let him rest in peace; and. roui^h as he
was in this world, and inexorable as he appeared
to some, many and many a tear in California will
be shed upon that grave. Perhaps there is not a
single grave in California that will be bedewed
with more tears, more sincere, earnest tears, than
the grave of Da>id C. Broderick.
] Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, the great na-
tional event of. our day, I think, is the extension
[ of our empire over the interior of the continent
from the border of Missouri to the Pacific ocean!
He who shall write its history will find materials
copious and fruitful of influence upon the integrity
of the American Union and the destiny of the
American people. He will altogether fail, how-
ever, if he do not succeed in raising Houston and
Rusk and Broderick to the rank anion"- or an-
izers of our Stales, which the world has uks.gncd
to Wmthrop and Villiers, Raleigh and Pcnn,
Baltimore and Oglethorpe, as well as in placing
Taylor and Scot( and Worth and Quitman, as
