2712
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
' Mr. VANCE. I give the Speaker the compli-
ments of the morning, and hope he had a good
sight's rest. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. Would it be in
order for those of as who think our constitutional
rights have been invaded, to secede and form an-
other House ? [Laughter.]
Mr. BRIGG-S. ,1 would inquire whether the
Speaker has rendered his excuse for not attending
to his dijties during the night?
Mr. HILL. I'call the gentleman to order.
Mr. ALDRICH. Would it be in order to in-
quire why the Speaker is so thirsty this morning?
TheSPEAKER. TheChairhadhopedtohave
the company of the gentleman from Minnesota;
andoutof respect to him, the Chair did not presume
to take anything in his absence. [Laughter.]
Mr. HILL. It is presumed that when the
Speaker (our head) takes snuff the whole House
Mr HOWARD, of Michigan. I desire to in-
quire of the gentleman from Oregon [Mr. Stout]
as to the health of Mr. Hoard, of New York,
this morning ?
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. There was
some doubt abqut the health of the gentleman
from Oregon, and 1 think he ought to be permitted
to explain.
Mr. VANCE. I am happy to inform the gen-
tleman from Maryland that the member from
Oregon [Mr. Stout] is very stout. [Laughter.]
Mr. STOUT. I should suppose that I was a
physician, from the various inquiries made of me
as to the health of members. 1, however, paired
off with Mr. Hoard last night.
Mr. HILL. At what hour, permit rne to in-
quire ?
Mr. STOUT. At five o'duck.
Mr. HILL. This morning or last evening?
Mr. STOUT. Last evening. And Mr. Hoard
assured me he was sick. I, myself, staid in this
House until eleven o'clock in the night; and I
should have remained longer, and even until morn-
ing, had I supposed that my duty as a Represent-
ative required it.
Mr. HILL. You ought to have known that
intuitively.
Mr. TOMPKINS. I move that the gentleman
be excused, upon the payment of fees.
Mr. STOUT. I suppose I have a right to state
my excuse before I am fined. So far as the pay-
ment of tlie fins is concerned, of course I am sat-
isfied with that.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state his
excuse.
Mr. STOUT. 1 deem it a duty I owe to my-
self to make my excuse for being arrested and
brought in here at this time. I left this House
late last night; and I leftit because I supposed the
House was ready to adjourn. 1 remained here
up to that time cooperating with a majority of the
House in the enforcement of its rules, and in the
discharge of the duties wo had to perform. And
I will say further, that I have cooperated with the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
who seemed anxious to discharge his duties last
evening, in every thing which he desired to do; and
1 have always been willing to remain here as long
as it was necessary, to perform the duties wo had
to do.
When I left last evening at eleven o'clock, I
did not think it was proper, on account of my
own lieahh,.which lias been poor for a few days,
to. remain longer; and I was willing, if the House
sat during the night, to take the consequences of
my absenre, whatever they might be.
Mr. HILL. I hope the gentleman will be ex-
cused upon payment of fees, and treating the
House.
Mr. HUGHES. I am in favor of excusing the
gentleman from Oregon, for the very bad reason
he has given.
Mr. HICKMAN. I think the excuse is not a
good one. I believe I could show, by the testi-
mony of physicians, that I am the sickest man
either in the House or out of it among those who
ouglit to be here; and yet I have been here twenty-
two consecutive hours,endeavoring to obtain the
attendance of members of the House to discharge
the duties imposed upon them by the Constitu-
tion and the law: and I am sure the gentleman
from Oregon has more constitution than I have.
I think he ought to have been here, and that he
ought not to have absented himself.
I must, therefore,object to his being discharged
without the same penalty being imposed upon
him which has been imposed upon others.
Mr. STOUT. 1 suggest that if the gentleman
will refer to the record, he will find that I have
been absent from the House less than he has. _
The question was put; and Mr. Stout was dis-
charged upon the payment of fees.
Mr HILL obtained the floor.
Mr. BOULIGNY. I hope the gentleman from
Georgia will yield me the floor a moment.
Mr. HILL. With great pleasure.
Mr. BOULIGNY. There is something want-
ing in this House, for the House cannot proceed
with its business; and I have been trying to find
out what it is, but I could not. It has just come
to me. It is impossible for the House to get
along without Mr. Burxett, of Kentucky; and I
now move that an attachment be issued for him
immediately, [groat laughter;] and I also include
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Mr. HILL. I was very glad to give way to
the gentleman from Louisiana. And as the House
is in such excellent good humor, I think it a good
time to propose a recess for two or three days.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. I object.
Mr. HICKMAN. I move that the gentleman
from New York [Mr. MpKeav] have the consent
of the House to conclude his speech which he
commenced last evening in the Committee of tlie
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I am con-
strained to renew the objection which I made last
night.
Mr. HICKMAN. Then I move that the gen-
tleman from New York be allowed to publish his
remaiks.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I am con-
strained to make the same objection to that which
I made to the other.
Mr. HICKMAN. Well, I cannot help that;
and I must give way.
Jylr. HUGHES. Is there anything now before
the House ?
Mr. BOULIGNY. The gentleman from Ma-
ryland is before the House. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair was awaiting the
return of the Sergeant-at-Arms.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Is the gentleman
from Maryland now before the House?
The SPEAKER. He is not now. He was.
Mr. HUGHES. The gentleman from New
York is before the House.
Mr. HICKMAN. This is Thursday, I be-
lieve; is it not, Mr. Speaker ?
M«r. HILL. Very doubtful, I believe.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I think that is a
debatable question.
Mr. HICKMAN. There, is a special order for
Thursday, and I desire to call it up now. It is
the resolution reporti-d by the Committee on the
Judiciary upon the subject of the President's pro-
test. I see the morning hour (it is now half past
six o'clock) has expired long ago, and it was
the resolution of the House that that resolution
should be made the special order after the morn-
ing hour; and, because any objection would be
perfectly futile, I hope it will not be made.
Mr. CRAWFORD. The gentleman knows
very well that only two motions are in order—one
to suspend further proceedings under the call, and
the other to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state that
this is Thursday.
Mr. IIILL. It is certainly to-day or to-morrow;
I am not certain winch.
Mr. HICKMAN. Do I understand that the
Chair decides that it is out of order now to take
up the special order fixed for Thuisday ?
Tlie SPEAKER. The Chair so decides.
Mr. HICKMAN. When does it come up, if
not now ?
The SPEAKER. To-day, at eleven o'clock.
Mr. HICKMAN. I asked the Chair if this
was Thursday, and I was informed by the Chair
and by the House, that it was Thursday.
The SPEAKER. For still another reason the
gentleman could not call up that matter. There
is not a quorum present.
Mr. HICKMAN. That is a different objec-
tion from any which has been made. No objec-
tion ha3 been made of the non-existence of a
quorum.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I understand that there
are two privileged motions in order. One is to
suspend, all further proceedings under the call,
and the other is to adjourn. Now, I make both
motions.
The SPEAKER. They must be made sepa-
rately.
Mr. BOULIGNY. The gentleman from Geor-
gia is out of order. With all due deference to
the Speaker of the House, I wish to inquire of-
him how he got into this House this morning,
and what excuse he has for not having been here
all the while ?
The SPEAKER. The duty of the Speaker is
to call members to account; and it is not for mem-
bers to call the Speaker to account. [Laughter.]
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. It is presumed that
the Speaker has been here all night. The Chair
is an impersonality.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has been here all
night.
'Mr. BOULIGNY. Then I move that Gov-
ernor Pennington be excused on the payment of
fees. [Laughter.]
Mr. BINGHAM. The motion is out of order
I object to everything of this sort.
The SPEAKER. The motion is out of order.
Mr. HUGHES. I rise to a point of order. I
have been very uneasy and unhappy for some
hours past, in observing that the bird—that em-
blem of our country—has left the stand. I under-
stood the gentleman from New York, [Mr. John
Cochrane,] some time ago, to complain that lus
slumbers were disturbed by the intrusion of that
bird into his room. I would like to kr.ow what
he did with the bird. [Laughter.]
Mr. HICKMAN. Do I understand the gen-
tleman from Maryland to be speaking to any ques-
tion before the House ?
Mr. HUGHES. Oh.no.
Mr. HICKMAN. Then I call the gentleman
to order; and call up the Missouri election case,
that was laid over till to-day.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I call the
gentleman from Pennsylvania to order. The le-
gislative day has not yet commenced. Thursday
does not commence till eleven o'clock.
Mr. HICKMAN. I understood that that case
was laid over till Thursday.
Mr. BINGHAM. Yes; but this is not Thurs-
day—this is Wednesday.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it quite
clear that the business assigned for Thursday
cannot be called up before eleven o'clock to-day.
We are now "continuing the session of Wednes-
day.
Mr. HICKMAN. That matter was continued
informally last evening. It was concludcd not to
take the vote at that time. The House then went
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union. That contested-election case is still
pending before the House; and even if the Chair
decides that this is Wednesday, it is still in order.
But I do not see how the Chair can determine
that this is Wednesday. To my apprehension
it is Thursday—near seven o'clock in the morn-
ing.
The SPEAKER. It is certainly Thursday in
the calendar; but this is the session of Wednes-
day.
Mr. PRYOR. I rise to a question of privilege
—a question of the highest sort of pm ilege. I
want to know if the reporters are taking down
everything that occurs.
Mr. HICKMAN. I trust they will takedown
everything that occurs. I trust they have taken
down everything that has occurred here during
the past night. I hope they have taken down
every word that has fallen from the lips of any
member last evening. If they have not done so,
they are not reporters,,of the proceedings of this
House; fortius House has been in session con-
tinuously since eleven o'clock yesterday morning
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I call the
gentleman from Pennsylvania to order. There
is no question before the House.
Mr. HICKMAN. Yes, sir. 1 have brought
a question before the House. I have called up
the contested-election case of Barret and Blair,
inasmuch as the Speaker has decided that I can-
not call up the special order assigned for Thurs-
day.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. We are
executing an order of the House.
