326
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 1,
36th Cong....1st Sess.
Slavery Question—Mr. Wilson.
Ho. of Keps.
£
udgment has been carefully formed. It cannot
)e changed. Why should it be changcd? It is
the judgment of the civilized world. But what is
now demanded? That all this shall be reversed;
that slavery shall be accepted and approved; that
we shall reject all the indignant testimony against
it by the illustrious men who have molded and
directed the destinies of mankind—ornaments of
church, State, science, philosophy, and literature;
of Luther and Wesley; of Pitt, Wiibcrforce, and
Brougham; of Washington, Jefferson, and Clay;
of Humboldt and Franklin, each mourned by
two continents; of Locke, the profoundest intel-
lect of his day; of Mansfield and Jay; and of Mil-
ton, the defender of the Commonwealth of Eng-
land. And for what is ali this to be done ? For
what are we called upon to shut our eyes and
close our ears against this array of testimony ? to
hide ourselves m the twilight, when, streaming all
around us, is the light of two hundred years of
progress and civilization? For what! To pro-
tect slavery.
Mr. Chairman, it may be possible that the fate
which has overtaken so many systems of gov-
ernment is about to reach us in its course. The
American Republic may be in its decline. That
decline can be arrested. But adopt this policy,
ingraft it in all future legislation, and then tlus
Union will perish. No human power can prevent
its overthrow and dissolution. But let us inves-
tigate this demand for the protection of slavery.
It is, indeed, not of recent origin, although it
has assumed a graver aspect than when first an-
nounced. It was in the year 1847, in the Senate
of the United States, when the amendment of
Senator Walker, of Wisconsin, was made to the
general appropriation bill, providing a government
for the Territories of Utah, California, and JNew
Mexico, the doctrine was first announced. The
proposition was to extend, by direct legislation,
the Constitution of the United States over those
Territories, and thereby establish the precedent
for a similar extension in all future Territories.
The proposition received the unqualified support
of Mr. Calhoun—indeed, it was his scheme; but
it was met at once, and its fallacy exposed by Mr.
Webster. In the course of the debate he estab-
lished, beyond refutation, that the Constitution
was not made for Territories, but for {States; and
that, in no event, could it go into opeiation, not
even in the States, without an act of Congress tu
carry out its provisions. The extension of the
Constitution to the Territories, in 1847, was re-
jected by Congress; but in 1854, in the Kansas-
Nebraska bill, the attempt succeeded. By direct
legislation of Congress in that bill the Constitu-
tion was extended to those Teiritories. Having
accomplished so much, the transition was not dif-
ficult to the new and startling doctrine of lb'UU,
that the Constitution of the United States, with-
out any legislation by Congress, in proprio vigore,
extends to all the Terntones, and protects, in its
extension, the institution of slavery. Sir, it, i.s a
startling doctrine. What is the Constitution of
the United States ? Is it not a mere affirmation of
general principles? How are these general prin-
ciples to be enforced ? How can they be, except
by direct legislation? In no othci way can the
Constitution be even enforced m the States.
By whom was the Constitution made? By the
people of the United States; and all of its provis-
ions are for the States, and not for the Territo-
ries. If the Constitution of the United States
extends*}tseif to Territories, does it not also to
States? And if it protects persons and property in
the Territories, docs it not also protect persons
and property in the States? if it carnes slavery
by its own virtue in the Territories, has it not the
same inherent power in the States 5 If this be
true, is not slavery universal ? Can State sover-
eignty protect the States? No; for the Constitu-
tion of the United States is the supreme law of
the land; and the judges in every State aie bound
by the Constitution, anything m their own State
laws, or State constitution, to the contrary not-
withstanding. Is not this a constitutional pro-
vision? The sixth article of the Constitution is
as follows:
This Constitution, and tlx1 Jaw? of the United States,
which shall be made in pursuance thereof, and all treaties
made, or which shall be made, under the authority otthe
United States, shall be the supremo law of the land and
the judges in every State shall be bound thereby, any thing
in the constitution or laws of any State to the contrary not-
withstanding."
But again: it is claimed that the right of pro-
tection is affirmed, and slavery discriminated in
favor of, in the Constitution of the United States,
in express terms. Where in the Constitution is
this discrimination ? Where is this affirmation ?
In what scction ? In what article ? Will gentle-
men point them out? Is there one word in the
Constitution that will authorize the assumption ?
Is the right of protection contained in the section
relative to persons owing labor or service ? No,
sir. That section speaks of persons owing labor
or service. How? Under the Constitution? No,
but under the laws of the several slave States. Is
it in the section by which representation is ap-
portioned among the several States? Here, again,
the Constitution speaks only of persons—"three
fifths of all other persons." Butit is claimed that
those persons were slaves. This I admit; they
were slaves, but not by virtue of the Constitu-
tion of the United States. The framcrs of the
Constitution did not so understand that instru-
ment. On the contrary, Mr. Madison said that
he thought it wrong to admit in the Constitution
the idea that theie could be property in man.
But once more: is the right of protection affirmed
in the section by which the African slave trade
was not prohibited until lb08? Look to the lan-
guage of that section. It does not refer to slaves,
or slave piopeity, but to the importation of pel-
sons. These persons were not slaves m their own
country; or if so, it was a slavery not known or
recognized by the Constitution of the United
States, or the laws of any State. They were not
slaves upon the high sea. They were restrained
of their liberty, it is true; but how? By the au-
thority of the United States? Not so. But by
violence. When did they become slaves? It was
when they were under the laws of the States m
which slavery existed. By those laws they be-
came slaves, and by no other way. This is plain,
palpable, and undeniable.
But I regard this section as a direct blow at
slavery. Before and at the time of the formation
of the Constitution the African slave trade was
in active opeiation. There was no Restrictive
law against its continuance. Had no Union been
formr(J,the States, being independent of each oth-
er, could have continued that trade as long as their
interests demanded or their humanity assented,
unless restrained sooner by the united action of
other nations. It was in thi^condition the framcrs
of the Constitution encountered the question.
What did they do? They refused permission to
the new States to engage m the Afncan slave
trade. They provided that it should cease after
twenty yeats; at which time it dtd cease by an act
of Congress, declaring its further continuance a
high crime.
These, sir, arc all the provisions of the Consti-
tution having a direct reference to the institution
of slavery. If the power of Congress to piotect
slavery cannot be found therein, it does not exist,
it is certain that no direct power is given. Is it,
.then, implied ? If so, it must be from the sec-
tions of the Constitution to which I have referred
What an implication! Whatan unjust re/lection
upon the wise and prudent framcrs of the Con-
stitution ! What is the declaration now ? It is, that
the system of slavery is an essential and proper
element in the organization of new States; and so
S essential and so proper that all the powers of the
j judicial, the executive, and the legislative depart-
ments of Government shall be exercised to pro-
tectund defend thissystem. Sir,! cannotconceivo
that the Constitution of the United States was es-
tablished for any such purpose. What were its
! objects?
I " To form a more perfect union." Are not the
bonds of the Union this day weakened by the ex-
, istence of slavery ?
I " To establish justice." Before what tribunal,
in which human rights are determined, can sla-
very assert or maintain us cause ?
" To insure domestic tranquillity." Is not sla-
very an element of discord and distrust?
'• To promote the general welfare." Can this be
accomplished by the enslavement of a race?
" To insure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and
our posterity." This is its crowning glory.
Sir, these are the objects of the Constitution.
That they arc wise and commendable objccts, wo
all comprehend and feel. That in our day and
generation we should endeavor to strengthen and
advance them, all will acknowledge; and so feel-
ing and so acknowledmg, I firmly believe that no
greater wrong could be perpetrated against each
and all of these objects, than tu extend—much less
to'protect—the institution of slavery in the Ter-
ritories of the United States. But it is urged
by the honorable gentleman from Alabama [Mr.
Curry] that the Federal Government is bound to
recognize as property whatever is recognized as
such in the States. This is a strange proposition.
It is untenable. My respect for the gentleman .
only prevents me from saying itis absurd. What!
the General Government compelled to enforce the
laws of a State in regard to property? Into what
perplexities would this lead the Government?
What is property? It is not universal in its char-
acter. It is not general. That which is property
in one State, is a living, breathing man in another
State. The possession of certain property in some
of the States is an indictable olfense; while in other
States it is lawful, and has a legal value. Conven-
tional property depends upon legislation. The
legislation of the States differs. When State laws
dificr, which shall the Federal Government rec-
ognize? Which shall have the preference? Sir,
the thing is impossible. The local law of aState
cannot be transfened into a Territory. They arc
confincd to the State. Otherwise, what would be
the condition of the laws of the Territories> De-
plorable, indeed. There are fifteen slave States.
Each of these States has its own legislation as to
slavery. They differ, and materially differ. Shall
all this legislation—State legislation—be earned
into the Territory? The right of one slave State
to have its laws recognized, is equal to the right
of any other slave State. What would you then
have? What but iilteen slave States,each demand-
ing that its peculiar laws should bcrccogmzed?
What morcubsuid doctune than this could bo
broached ? In the consideration of this very ques-
tion in the Dred Scott case, Justice McLean said:
Will it be said that the slave is taken as property, the
same as other property the master may own? To this J
answer, that coioied poisons uie made pioperty by the Jaw
of the ^ute, and no Mich power ha^ been given to Cou-
gre*< Does the master euny with him the law ol the State
j liom winch lie lemoves into the Temtoiy ; and does lhat
I enable bun to coeiee ins slave in the Teiutory? Lotus
j test lhi> theory, it this may bj done by a master fiomone
1 slave State, it may bo done b\ a master ol eveiy other slave
State. Tins light is supposed to be connected with the
per:-on ot the master, by \ irtue or the local law. is it Uaus-
toiuble? May it be negotiated as a piomis.-oiv note orbiil
ot exchange t ii it be assigned from a Jiee State, may he
coeice the slave by vntue ot it? What shall this thing be
denominated ? Is it peinonal or ical pioperty ? Or id it an
indefinable lrngmeiil ot sovereignty, which eveiy peiaon
cauies with linn lioin his late domicile? One tiling i* cer-
tain, ttiat n-5 ougtn lias been veiy iceent, and it is unknown
to the laws of any cruized country "
And in the same ease, Justice Curtis, in his
opinion, was equally clear and explicit. Said the
Justice:
uIt i^ conceivablc that the Constitution ha.s confcrtod
the light on eveiy citizen to become a lesident in the ter-
ritory of tl e United Slates with his slaves, and there hold
them as such; bet has neither made nor piovided lor any
mnmcip U iegulatioii-  winch aie essential to the existence
ot slavery, is it not moie rational to suppose that they
who I rained and adopted the Constitution were aware that
persons held to seivice under the laws ol a State aie piop-
erty only to the extent, and under the conditions fixed by
those laws; that they must cease to be available as ptop-
ertj when then owneis voluntarily place them permanently
within another jurisdiction, wiieie no municipal laws, on
the subject of slaveiy exist? Moreover, it the light exists,
what aie its limits and what are its conditions ? If citizens
of the United States have the light to take their slaves to
a Temtoiy, and hold them a? slaves, without regaid to the
laws of the Termor), I suppose this right is not to be re-
stucted to the citizens or the siaveholdmg States. A Citi-
zen ot a State winch doc.-? not tolerate slaveiy can hu:dly
be denied tiie power ot doing the same thing. And what
law of slavery does either take with him to the Tenitory?
tut be said to be those laws respecting slavery which existed
lit the paiticular State irom which each <?lave la>t came,
what an anomaly is this. Where else can we find, under
the law ot any Civilized country, the power to inuoduce
and permanently continue d.vei^e sjstem* of loieign mu-
nicipal law for holding persons in slaveiy ?"
But, where is this doctrine to end? If it is the
duty of Congress to recognize and to give force
and effect to one State law, why not to .nil other
State laws ? Can one be admitted, and ali others
excluded? That would be an unjust discrimi-
nation. Does not the Constitution recognize the
rights of persons in a higher degree than prop-
