1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
749
generals, by tlie side of Washington and Greene
and Marion.
Impartiality will require him to testify that
Broderick, more vigorously and resolutely than
any of his predecessors, overcame accidents and
circumstances which opposed his success. Neither
birth, nor fortune, nor education, nor training, nor
patronage, nor association, nor prestige of any
kind, lavoicd ambition in his case. While yet
very young, he disappeared, unobserved, from
among the excitements of mere municipal elections
in a great commercial city on this side of the con-
tinent, and rose as suddenly on the other side, tow-
ering and conspicuous among the ill-assorted and
irregular groups of adventurers from all parts of
the world, who appeared there, reckless, as it
seemed, of all restraint, and animated by the one
absorbing purpose to become quickly rich by be-
ing the first to scoop up the golden dust in the beds
of the rivers of California. As we looked upon
these tumultuous assemblages, we asked, how
shall even peace and life be secured among them?
How and when shall this political chaos be re-
duced into the solid substance of a civil State? i; For myself, I am not prepared to recogniz
Even while we were yet asking these questions, !j 44 code of honor''as a " higher law" than the
; questions,
we saw that State rise up before us in just propor-
tions, firm, vigorous, strong, and free, complete
in the fullest material and moral sufficiency, and, i
at the same time, loyal and faithful to the Federal ]
Union. The hand that principally shaped it was I
that of Damd'C. Broderick. [
Sir, when I heard m a foreign land of the death j
of our late associate, 1 experienced, beside the son- j
timcnts of sorrow which I am sure are common |
to us all, a keener sorrow that arose from the re- j
flection that lie had fallen prematurely, while yet \
there was need and room for further public ser- |
vice to augment his fame. But m this 1 erred. It j
is not the amplitude, but the greatness of achieve- |
mcnts that secures the statesman's renown.
The manner of his death gave a severe shock
to the moral sensibilities of the nation. IJut i will
not dwell on this painful subject, because, it he
could hear me, he would forbid complaint. He
consented, I trust, reluctantly; but he neverthe-
less consented to the combat in which he fell. I
never have known a man more jealous of his honor,
or one who could so ill endure to be an object of
pity or compassion m misfortune or in disap-
pointment. I leave him, therefore, in his early
grave, content to confine my expressions of grief
within tlie bounds of sorrow for the loss of a fuend,
than whom none more truthful and honest sur-
vives; a Senator, than whom none more incorrupt-
ible ever entered these Halls; and a statesman,
who, though befell too soon for a nation's hopes,
yet, like Hamilton, left behind him noble monu-
ments well and completely finished.
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. President, my acquaint-
ance with the late Senator from California com- i
menced soon after be became a member of this j
body. Without being intimate, my relations with i
lnm" were familiar and friendly from that time to j
the period of our separation at the close of the last i
Congress. Not distinctly identified in his polit-
ical action here with either of the two political par- j
ties into which we arc divided.it is scarcely to be i
expected that his course would be likely to receive j
yery high commendation. Each party would feel j
privileged to criticise, and perhaps to condemn. In j
the judgment of a charity, possibly not too liberal, !
a man may, in the times on which we are fallen, ,
be governed by high principles and correct mo- 1
tivcs,and yet pursue, politically, the courac which
he pursued. In the private and social relations
of life, he seemed to me to possess many qualities
to command respect and admiration.
Bat it was not to speak of the public or private
character of the deceased that I rose to address
the Senate. Mv purpose was to make a very few
plain remarks as to the manner of his death, and j
to consider what action, under the circumstances, j
it was becoming in this body to take. i
Mr. Bkoderick, it is well known, received a i
moital wound in a duel, from the effects of wnich
he soon after died.
persons concerned in a duel in which either party !
is slain or mortally wounded, are deemed guilty j
of felony, and are punishable by imprisonment m
the penitentiary, at hard labor, for any term not
exceeding ten years. The gning or accepting a j
challenge to fight, or being the bearer of such chal- i
Jcnge or acceptance, is, by the same act, made a j
high crime and misdemeanor, and is punishable by !
imprisonment in the penitentiary for any torm not !
exceeding five years. >
The law of California, to which State the Sen- '
ator belonged, and within which this duel was
fought, punishes dueling as a crime. The pun-
ishment for dueling where a party kills his an-
tagonist, or inflicts such a wound*that the party
injured dies within one year thereafter, is impris-
onment in the State prison for any term not ex-
ceeding five years; nor less than one year. That
dueling is directly contrary to the laws of God,
is a proposition which will' hardly be denied.
And now, the practical question is, shall wc
render honors, public, senatorial honors, to the
memory of a man who loses his life in a duel5
* '" T 1 ' e the
laws
of man and the laws of God. 1 presume to pass
no judgment on the dead, nor indeed on the liv-
ing, but when a man dies m the direct and willful
violation of the knowfi laws of his State, his coun-
try, and his God, however dear to me he may
have been, I can join in no public tribute of re-
spect to his memory. It is idle to enact laws, it
is foolish to expect that they will bo obeyed, if
those whose last voluntary act in life is to violate
them, are publicly honored as heroes and mar-
tyrs. With no disposition to war with the dead,
or to give unnecessary pain to the living, I must
vote against these resolutions.
Mr. FOOT. Mr. President, the honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio [Mr. Wade] is detained from his
seat this morning on account of indisposition.
He had committed to paper some brief remarks
which he intended to submit to the Senate upon
this occasion, expressive of his appreciation of,
i and as a testimony of his respect to the memory
I of the late Mr. Broderick. In his absence, I
have been requested to read these remarks, a re-
quest with which I very cheerfully comply:
"Mr. President, though not of the same political paity,
I cannot suffer thw occasion to pass without expre^in-,'my
deep sense of tlie noble qualities and manly character of
David C. Broderick. It was mycood fortune to heeomc
well, and 1 may s.iv, intimately acquainted with hsm,?oon
nftei he took hi? «e'at in this body, llowa*? unas<umln? in
his maimers, bntltank, out-poken, and s-mocie, despising
! all intrigue and indiieet.on. lie wa^ pos-ves^ed ^)t an ox-
eellcnt und^n-tandhvr-. and a fine capacity loi hu>nne^ Hi*
love ot justice a- remarkable. Having once settled m ins
own mind w > J was imh . he wa< immovable a? the hills.
Neither the tineas noi the hiuadi&hmcnts of power, nor
peisonnl peril could move him liom bi^ purpose. Beingof
the people, then rights, their interest-, and their advance-
ment was the polai .star of his actions. For these he waa
at all times ready to labor, and, il it need be, to die. _ In
short, lie was the very soul of honor, without fear and with-
out repioach.
" The lo-^ of Mich a man, Mr. Ptevident, is indeed a pub-
lie calamity.'1
I have nothing to superadd to this testimonial
of respect to the memory of Mr. Broderick ex-
cept tlie expression of my entire and cordial con-
currence.
Mr. TOOMBS. Mr. President, I wish simply
to announce my entire concurrence with the res-
olutions proposed by the Senator from California.
My own acquaintance with Mr. Broderick com-
menced in this body and ended here. It was
purely and exclusively ot a public character. 1
had not the pleasure of any personal acquaintance
with lnm outside of his public capacity in the
performance of our relative duties here as Amer-
ican Senators. But, sir, there were striking points
in his character that won my respect, and 1 may
Say my admiration. I found him bold, honorable,
truthful, attached to the interests of his country,
" clear ill his office," and a man that I considered
an honor to the American Senate. He was one
of the best specimens of self-made Americans;
springing from the humblest walks of society, ]jy
Life taken in a duel, by the common law, is ;l virtue of his strength of < haracter, and Ins native
murder Fighting a duel is a criminal offense, I ji and, 111 early life, almost uncultivated intellect, lie
believe in alt the States of the Union, punished j: rose to be a peer of the proudest m the land.and
in different States with different degrees of sever- [ conducted himselt after he came to tins body m
ity. Yery serious disabilities are annexed to the
offense in many States. In this District by a law
of Congr ----- '  
such a manner as to win respect and approbation,
notwithstanding the many prejudices which had
"sro7l83TtheH^ivins^ 'and all i surrounded his advent into 'this body, produced,
it may be, by the many and stern partisan-con-
flicts which marked his active but troubled career. •
I trusted him as a faithful, an honest,an upright,
a fearless Senator.
I give my full concurrence to these resolutions.
I had not intended even to say this much but for
the dissent which has been manifested to our pro-
ceedings in honor of his memory. He fell in hon-
orable combat, under a code which he fully rec-
ognized. While I lament his sad fate,I have no
word of censure for him or his adversary. I think
no man undor any circumstanccs can have a more
honorable death than to fall in the vindication of
honor. He has gone beyond censure or praise.
He has passed away from men's judgment, to the
bar of the Judge of all the earth, who will do
right:
"Eaith's highest honors end in { here he lies;'
And 1 dust to dust' concludes her noblest song."
The resolutions were adopted; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 13, 1860.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
The Journal of%xturday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER stated the question first in order
to be the motion of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Sherman,] that the House proceed to the election
of a Printer for the House of Representatives for
the Thirty-Sixth Congress.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the previous ques-
tion on that motion.
Mr. PHELPS. I move that there be a call of
the House.
EXCUSED FROM SERVING ON A COMMITTEE.
Mr.PH.YOR. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House that I .shall be excused from serving
011 the Committee for the District of Columbia.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
The SPEAKER appointed Mr. Hughes to fill
the vacancy.
thirty-fifth parallel wagon road.
Mr. PHELPS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War is hereby requested
to communicate to tho [louse of Representatives the report
ot Edward F. Bcalo, E^q., relating to the construction of a
wagon road from Fort Smith, Aikansac, to tlie Colorado
river.
There was no objection; and the resolution was
adopted.
IIARCOR IMPROVEMENTS.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Mr. Speaker, one
of the. documents, which it was intended should
accompany the President's message for this year,
was received too late to be sent in at the time the
message was; and I now ask tlie unanimous con-
sent of the House to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to fur-
nish to the IIousc of Representative-: tho annual lpport of
Lieutenant Colonel James D. Graham, of the topogiaph-
ical engineer corps, loi the year 18.VJ, on the harbor nnpiove-
nients for the northern and northwestern lake>=.
CALL BY STATES FOR BILLS, ETC.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to offer the following
resolution:
! Resolved, That on to-monow, at one o'clock, the Clerk
shall call the States, commencing with the State ol Maine,
and that upon «ueh call member may hitioduee bills and
resolution^ of which previous notice ha.- been given, ior
relerence only, and without debate.
Mr. PHELPS. That resolution provides for
a spccial order, and it will prevent the Hou^e, if
adopted, fiom resolving itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union on tho
Post Oificc appropriation bill.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I fix to-morrow,
at one o'clock, as the day.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the resolution interferes
with speedy action on the Post Office appropria-
tion bill, 1 object. 1 think the resolution ought
to be so modified, in addition, that the House
shall not be forced to a vote, when resolutions arc
introduced, under a call for the previous question.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I will modify my
resolution to suit gentlemen.  
Mr. SCHWARTZ. Then say Wednesday,
at one o'clock.
