1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2f\M
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will remember that a call of the House
is being proceeded with. How it is possible to
get at the special oider, the Chair cannot tell.
Mr. HICKMAN. No gentleman has objected
here that there is not a quorum present ready to
do business; and the Speaker cannot decide that
there is not a quorum until he has counted the
House. If the Speaker shall decide that there is
not a quorum to do business, that is another mat-
ter; but no gentleman has objected on that ground,
and the Speaker has made no decision on that
ground.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. There is
nothing in order except a motion to suspend the
call and a motion to adjourn.
Mr.HICKMAN. Mypointisthis: that when-
ever there is a quorum in the House, it is then
legitimate for the House to do business. If the
Speaker shall, by a count or otherwise, decide
that there is not a quorum in the House, then, of
course, I have nothing further to say.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. That is not
the point before the House. It has been decided
by the Chair, time and again, that there is nothing
in order except a motion to adjourn, or a motion
fo suspend further proceedings in the call.
Mr. HICKMAN. I have not so understood
it, for I have known an effort to be made to bring
vo business when there was a quorum after a call
of the House had been commenced; so that the
objection of ihe gentleman from North Carolina
does not amount to much.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. It amounts
to this much, that when a gentleman is out of
order, and knows that he is, and when another
gentleman rises and calls the attention of the
Speaker to the fact, he ought to take his seat.
Mr. PRYOR. I am amused at the proposi-
tion 
Mr. BINGHAM. I object to any further de-
bate. There is nothing to discuss.
Mr. PRYOR. I am speaking pertinently and
appropriately.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object, for there is noth-
ing to speak to.
Mr. PRYOR 1 may make a motion.
Mr. BINGHAM. You have not made any.
Mr. PRYOR. It is time enough; and the gen-
tleman cannot dictate to me.
Mr. BINGHAM. I understand that perfectly;
but I claim my rights here, and 1 intend to en-
force thrm.
Mr. PRYOR. Very well; the right of silence
is onp.
Mr. BINGHAM. And I make the point of
order no w, that the gentleman has nothing to speak
to. There is no motion pending nor entertained.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia has a right to submit ins motion.
Mr. BINGHAM. But the gentleman is mak-
ing a speech, aud I object to that.
Mr. PRYOR. I am not making a speech.
Mr. BINGHAM. Well, you are making re-
marks out of order, and I object to that.
Mr. HOWARD, of Ohio. What is the gen-
tleman from Ohio speaking to?
Mr. BINGHAM. I was objecting to the gen-
tleman from Virginia speaking.
Mr. EOUL1GN Y. I object to all this, and call
for a division.
Mr. HUGHES. By way of a new idea, I move
a call of the House.
Mr. BRIGGS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to instruct the Committee on Com-
mpico to report a bill to establish a branch mint in
the city of New York, [A Voice. Including mint-
juleps,] and to authorize the assay office in New
York to com gold and silver. It will he remem-
bered by ffentiemen who were here in the Thirty-
First and Thirty-Second Congresses, at all events
it will be remembered by thegentlemanfrom Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Florence,] that, in those two Con-
gresses, I advocated the establishment of a branch
mint in the city of New York.
A Member. I rise to a question of order.
Mr. BRIGGS. I am aware that I am out of
order.
A Member. The Chair has decided over
and over again that nothing is in order but a. mo-
tion to adjourn, and a motion to suspend further
proceedings in the call.
Mr. BRIGGS. I have asked unanimous con-
sent.
A Member. I object to the gentleman pro-
ceeding:.
Mr. BRIGGS. I desire to make a speech on
that practical question: to authorize the assay
office in New York to coin gold and silver.
Mr. HICKMAN. The gentleman can' only
proceed by unanimous consent.
Mr. BRIGGS. That is why I have asked it.
Mr. KUNKEL. I object.
Mr. BRIGGS. Oh, tlie objection comes too
late.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I ask unanimous
consent, since my colleague cannot speak on'that
subject, that he select some other ono.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object to that.
Mr. BRIGGS. Do I understand that the ob-
jection to my advocating the establishment of a
branch mint in New York was in order?
The SPEAKER. The objection was in time.
Mr. M1LLWARD. I object to any debate,
unless the gentleman from New York can be heard
first.
Mr. HILL I hope the gentleman from New
York will be allowed to discuss the constitution-
ality of mint-julcps at the same time. [Laughter.]
It will come in incidentally with his remarks ad-
vocating a branch mint.
Mr. HICKMAN. 1 call up the report from
the Judiciary Committee, relating to the bill sent
in here from the Senate, in regard to the Court of
Claims. It is time we should be doing some busi-
ness here, and so I call up that bill.
Mr. PRYOR. I rise to a question of order.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania, a few minutes
ago, proposed a resolution most peremptory in
its character.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman is out of
order, and I object to his proceeding.
Mr. PRYOR. What is the decision of the
Chair ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
gentleman fgjm Virginia has the right to state his
question of order.
Mr. PRYOR. My point of order is this: the
gentleman from Pennsylvania has introduced a
very peremptory resolution here, which is out of
order at any time, and could only be adopted, if
it were in order, when a quorum of the House is
present.
Mr. HICKMAN. I wish to make a single re-
mark in reply to the gentleman's observation.
The resolution which I introduced to which the
gentleman from Virginia makes reference, was
offered at a time when the House was in a very
different condition from what it is in at this time.
That was some two or three hours since. If the
gentleman makes the point of order that there is
no quorum present, that is another matter.
Mr. PRYOR. That is my objection.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 rise to inquire
whetherit will be m order for the House to declare
itself in perpetual session ?
Mr. FLORENCE. I think it would bo better
to say in perpetual succession.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that no
business is in order.
Mr. HILL. I move that the House take a
recess until twelve o'clock.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object.
Mr. Brabson was arraigned at the bar of the
House.
The SPEAKER. Mr.BRABsoN",you have been
absent from the House without leave. What ex-
cuse have you to offer?
Mr. BRABSON. I have no excuse for leaving
the House. On leaving it, however, I repaired to
my lodgings, and found a very sick family. I
have slept none, but am here in obedience to the
order of the House.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I move
that the gentleman be excused unconditionally.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. Walduon- was anaigned.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Waidsos, you have
been absent from the House without its leave.
What excuse have 3-0u to offer ?
Mr. WALDRON. I have only to say (hat this
is the first time m five years that the House has
found it necessary to compel my attendance here.
I was here yesterday' from ten o'clock in the
morning till ten o'clock in the evening. Having
remained twelve hours, 1 was satisfied that my
attendance would be no longer required, and left.
I have no other excuse to make.
On motion of Mr. BOULIGNY, Mr. Waldros
was excused, on the payment of the usual fees.
Mr. FRENCH'asked to be excusedfbrari hour;
on the ground of having had no fajjular Meal
since yesterday morning, and indisposition. ■
The motion was agreed'tb.
Mr.ENGLISH. It is evident that,no'business
can be transacted until eleven o'clock. I move
that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. Has any business
intervened since that motion was voted down?
The SPEAKER. There has.
The question was taken; and the House re-
fused to adjourn.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I have remained here dur-
ing the entire night, although I have been unwell
since last Sunday. I feel very badly now, and I
ask that I be excused from further attendance
during this sitting of the House.
Mr. BINGHAM. I trust that the gentleman
will be excused.
Mr. FLORENCE. I know that the gentleman
has been unwell all night, and I hope he wili be
excused.
There was no objection, and Mr. Crawford
was excused accordingly.
Mr. HAMILTON. This proceeding is Calcu-
lated to make every man in this House sick.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. I have con-
ducted myself with proper decorum throughout
the night, and. I hope that I will have leave of ab-
sence until nine o'clock to-night. 1 do not see
what I can do by sitting here.
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 move that the gentleman
be excused until that hour.
The question was taken; and the motion was
not agreed to.
Mr. FLORENCE. The gentleman says that
he is ill. I think that he ought to be excused.
Mr. TOMPKINS. We are all unwell.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move that he be excused
until nine o'clock.
Mr. SPINNER. I demand the yeas and nays
on that motion. I want to see who are h.ere.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HAMILTON. It has, I believe, been
ruled that excuses of absent members are the first
thing in order. Two members have been brought
111, and I suggest that we hear their excuses.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. I hope that
the gentleman will withdraw his motion.
Mr. FLORENCE. I withdraw my motion.
William T. Avery was presented at the bar
of tbe 11 ouso in custody of the Sergeant-at-A rms.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Avery, you have ab-
sented yourself from the sittin<rofthe House with-
out the leave of the House. vVhat excuse have
you to offer?
Mr. AVERY. I have no excuse. I remained
here until a quorum was obtained, and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union. I presumed that there
would be 110 further call of the House, and I went
home and retiied to bed.
Mr. ASHLEY. I move that the gentleman be
discharged on the payment of costs.
The motion was agreed to.
John V. Wright was brought to the bar of
the House.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Wright, you have ab-
sented yourselfwiihoutleaveof the House. What
excuse have you to offer?
Mr. WRIGHT. I have no excuse to offer. -I
remained here twelve hours, and at the end of
that time I went home. This morning I whs
aroused from a sound sleep by the Sergcant-at-
At-ms.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move that the gentlemar
be discharged on the payment of costs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BLAKE. I'move that all of the absent
! members be excused.
Objection was made.
Mi'. BLAKE. I move, then, that the House
take a recess.
Objection was made.
Mr. SPINNER. During the night the Speaker
pro tempore decided when there was not a quorum
present, no larger penalty could be imposed than
the payment of the costs. 1 think there is a quo-
rum present, and I give notice that I shall move
for a fine of ten or twenty dollars, according to
the.gravity of the member's oflense. I will not
