750
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. Very well; I ac-
■ cept that modification.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object, unless the resolu-
tion is so modified that no resolutions shall be
introduced which give rise to debate, or which
are asked to be put on their passage. A gentle-
man, under the resolution as it is now, majr get
up, offer a resolution, and call for the previous
question, when the resolution ought to be consid-
ered by the House before it is acted upon. I ob-
ject to the resolution unless that is prevented.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I did not hear the
gentleman. What modification does the gentle-
man desire?
Mr. HOUSTON. I want the resolution so
modified that gentlemen cannot get in a resolution
and then call the previous question upon it, thereby
cutting off debate. If a resolution is introduced
that any member desires to debate, he ought not
to be deprived of that right by the call for the
previous question.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I ask that the reso-
lution be read again. I think it is just what the
gentleman from Alabama desires.
The resolution was again read.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will ask the gentleman
from Missouri one question, ^pd that will settle
the matter. Does he intend by that resolution to
allow me to offer a resolution that would give rise
to debate, and yet to cut off that debate by mov-
ing the previous question?
Mr, CRAIG, of Missouri. No, sir,
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I have no objection
to it.
Mr. BURNETT. I shall object to the reso-
lution, unless the gentleman modifies it so as to
provide that no resolution shall be received which
gives rise to debate.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I will modify the
resolutisn in that way.
The resolution was then agreed to.
So it was—
Resolred, That on Wednesday, at one o'clock, the
Speaker shall call the States, commencing with the State
of Maine, and upon such call, membeismay introduce bills
and rcvolution-i, of winch pirvious notice Mull have been
given, for icferenee only, and which will not give use to
debate, and to which there n no objection.
THE PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. BURCH. I ask unanimous consent to in-
troduce a memorial of the Pacific railroad conven-
tion, which met at San Francisco, in September
last, composed of delegates from the States of Cal-
ifornia and Oregon and the Territory of Wash-
ington. I desire to introduce it at this time in
order to move the appointment of a select com-
mittee to which it may be referred.
Mr. SHERMAN. I must object to the intro-
duction of any resolution of that kind at this stage
of the proceedings, and until we have disposed of
the privileged question—the election of d. Public
Printer. The gentleman will have an opportunity
to introduce his resolution on Wednesday next,
under the resolution just adopted.
Mr. BURCH. 1 expected that objection would
be urged, and that I would be required to intro-
duce the resolution under the rule. I believe,
however, that the resolutions of State Legislatures
are always allowed to be presented in open ses-
sion: this memorial is of. a higher position than
any resolution emanating from a State Legisla-
ture. The delegates constituting this convention
were from two States and one Territory upon the
Pacific coast. The convention was numerously
attended, and I think this House ought, at this
time, to refer the memorial to a special committee
to be appointed for the purpose of its considera-
tion.
I believe the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sher-
man] moved, the other day, the appointment of a
select committee, to take into consideration the
subject of the Pacific railroad. That resolution
has not yet been acted upon, nor will it be for a
long time; but 1 think it will be proper to move
the appointment of that committee now, to which
this memorial can be referred.
As objection has been made, it is in order to
move to^suspend the rules to allow me to introduce
the resolution. If the gentleman insists upon his
objection, 1 submit that motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. The motion I submitted is
a privileged one, relating to the organization of
the House, and the gentleman cannot move to sus-
pend the rules until that matter is disposed of.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask the permission of the
gentleman from Ohio to introduce a resolution,
which is at the Clerk's desk, and to which there
will be no objection, I imagine.
The resolution was read, for information, as
follows:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House, immediately after
the passage of this resolution, place in a box the name of
each member and delegate of the House ofRepiesentatives,
written on a separate slip of paper; that he then proceed. In
the piesenee of the House, to draw from said box, one at a
time, the said slips of paper, and, as each is drawn, he shall
announce the name of the member or delegate upon it, who
shall choose his seat for the present session: Provided, That
before said drawing shall commence, the Speaker shall
cause every seat to-be vacated, and shall see that every seat
continues vacant, until it is selected under this order; and
that every seat, after having been selected, shall be deemed
vacant if lext unoccupied betore the calling of the roll is
finished.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object to that.
Mr. HOUSTON. There is no necessity for it,
as every seat belongs to every man in the House.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is so.
Mr. BURCH. I ask to have my motion put to
the House.
Mr. SHERMAN. I raised a point of order on
it.
The SPEAKER. As the gentleman from Cal-
ifornia had the floor, the Chair thinks he had the
right to submit the motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. My motion is a privileged
motion, relating to the organization of the House;
and a motion to suspend the rules is not in order
until that privileged question is disposed of. Every
gentleman will see the force of my objection. Let
us first perfect our organization; and after that,if
the gentleman can get the floor, he can submit his
motion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Cali-
fornia moves to suspend the rules in order to offer
his resolution. The Chair thinks the motion m
or dor.
Mr. SHERMAN. Not after the demand for
the previous question.
The SPEAKER. There was no second to it.
The motion would not be in order had the pre-
vious question been seconded.
Mr. BURCH. Upon my motion to suspend
the rules I ask for die yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 71, nays 96; as follows:
TEAS—Mc^rs. Allen, Thomas L. Anderson, Ashmore,
Avery, HailwJalo.ttairett, Boteier, Boultgny, Boyee,Briggs,
Burch, Burnett, John B. Clark, Cobb, John Cochrane,
Cooper, Convln, Cox, James Ciaig, Davidson, John G.
Davis, Reuben Davi<-, Do Jarnette, Delano, Etheridge, Flor-
ence, Fouko, Gilmer, Hamilton, Ilatton, Ilindman, Hous-
ton, Ilowaid, Jackson, J imkm, Killinger, Lamar, Landrum,
Lairabec, Logan, Mallorj, Elbert S. Martin, Maynard,
MeCiernand, McPhei^on, Milf><, Millward, Montgomery,
Laban T. Moore, Edward Joy Morris, Nelson, Niblaclc,
j NomII, Pejton, Phelps, Uuarles, Reagan, Riggs, James C.
j Robin-on, Scott, fc?ieklc-=>, Singleton, Stevenson, Stout,
TavJor. Vallandigham, Vance. ElJihu B. Washburne, Wil-
son, Wmslow, and Woodson—TJ.
NATS—Mcssi* Chailes F. Adams, Green Adams, Aid-
rich, Alley, Babbitt, Beale, Bu.gham, Blair, Blake, Bray-
ton, Bristoiv, Buffinton. Burlingame, Burnham, Burroughs,
Butterfield, Campbell, C'aiey, Carter, Case, Clemens,Clop-
ton, Colfax, Colliding, Cuiry, Curtis, Dawes, Duell, Dunn,
EJgerton, Edinundson, Edwards, Ely, Farnsvvorth,Fenton,
Peiry, Foster, Frank, Garnett, Gartrell, Gooeh, Grow, Gur-
lev, Hale, Hardeman, Helmick, Hill, Hoard, Humphrey,
Hutching, Irvine, Jones, Francis W. Kellogg, William
Kello<rg, Kenyon, Kilgore, DeWitt C. Leach, Leake, Lee,
Loomis, Lovejoy, Marston, McK«an, McKmght, Mc-
Queen, Million, Sydenham Moore, Moorbead, Morrill,
Isaac N. Morris, Pettit, Potter, Christopher Robinson,
Royce, Schwartz, Sedgwick, Sherman, William N. H.
Smith, Spinner, Stanton, Stokes, Stratton,Theaker, Thom-
as, Tompkins, Tram, Trimble, Vandever, Van Wyek,
Wade, Walton, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Israel Wash-
burn, Wells, Wood, and Woodruff—96.
So the rules were not suspended.
During the call.
Mr. LOVE stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Eliot until Wednesday next.
Mr. MARSTON stated that Mr. Tappan had
been called home on account of sickness in his
family, and had paired off with Mr Holjian.
Mr. LEACH, of Michigan, stated that Mr.
Waldron had paired off with Mr. English.
THE PUBLIC PRINTING.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs on
seconding the demand for the previous question
on the motion of the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. PHELPS. I submitted a motion that
there be a call of the House.
The call of the House was ordered.
! The roll was called; and the following members
• failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. Adrain, William C. Anderson, Ashlcv, Barr,
Brabsou, Branch, Brown, Horace F. Clark, Clark B. Coch-
rane, Covnde, Burton Cranre, Crawford, Eliot, English,
French, Graham, Gurley, Hall, John T. Harris, Hawkins,
Holman, Hughes, James M. Leach, Longnecker, Maelay,
McKmght, Nixon, Ohn, Perry, Pottle, Pugh, Rice, Riggs,
Ruffin, Rust, Scranton, Simms, Somes, Stalhvorth, James
A. Stewart, William Stewart, Tappan, Thayer, Under-
wood, Verree, Waldron, Wluteley, Wmdom, and John V.
Wright.
During the call,
Mr. LEACH, of Michigan, stated that Mr.
Ashley was paired off for two weeks with Mr.
Leach, of North Carolina.
Mr. QJJARLES stated that Mr. Brabson was
paired off with Mr. French.
Mr. MORSE stated that Mr. Perry was
paired off for one week with Mr. Wright.
Mr. HOARD stated that Mr. Pottle was
paired off with Mr. Crawford.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, stated that Mr.
Somes was paired off with Mr. Hawkins.
Mr. CAMPBELL stated that Mr. Stewart,
of Pennsylvania, was paired off with Mr. Stew-
art, of Maryland.
Mr. HOARD stated that Mr. Thayer wa*;
; paired of with Mr. Davidson.
Mr. JACKSON stated that Mr. Underwood
had paired off with Mr. Corwin.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Asbury Dickins, its Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate had passed a joint resolu-
tion (S. No. 11) for the relief of Commander H.
J. Hartstenc, of the United States Navy; and a
joint resolution (S. No. 12) giving the consent of
Congress to Captain William B. Shubrick, to ac-
cept a sTvord presented to him by Captain General
and President Urquiza of the Argentine Confed-
eration; in which he was directed to ask the con-
currence of the House.
ELECTION OF PRINTER.
The question recurred on seconding the pre-
vious question on Mr. Sherman's resolutions.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. STANTON asked for the reading of the
resolutions.
The resolutions were read, as follows:
Resolved, That the House now procecd to the election of
a Printer for the House of Representatives, during the
Thirty-Sixth Congress, with the proviso that the House re-
tain the right in Congiess to modity the existing law on the
subject of public printing as it may see proper; the Printer,
who maybe elected under this resolution, receiving said ap-
pointment or election with and upon tiie condition above
set forth.
Revoked, That a committee of seven be appointed by the
Speaker to e\annne into the laws in relation to the printing
for the House of Representatives, the prices paid therefor,
and the duties of the Public Punter; whose duty it shall
be to report thereon with the least practicable delay, together
with such change or improvement therein as they may deem
desirable.
The question was taken; and the resolutions
were adopted.
The SPEAKER. Nominations are now in
order.
Mr. FLORENCE. I take this occasion to pre-
sent, as a candidate for Printer of the House of
Representatives, a practical printer, a gcntlemau
known to every member of the House, and one
in whom the House and country can have entire
confidence if he be elected, as 1 trust he will be.
I propose the name of Adam J. Glossbrcnner, of
Pennsylvania, a practical printer.
Mr. PETTIT. In like manner, Mr. Speaker,
I take this occasion to putm nomination John D.
Defrees, of Indiana, himself a practical printer,
and lacking, as I believe, in none of the qualities
requisite" to realize the fair expectations winch the
House may have in regard to that office.
The SPEAKER appointed as tellers, Messrs
Quarles, Florence, Pettit, and Davis of In-
diana.
Mr. FLORENCE. I am sorry, Mr. Speaker,
that I have got to the lowering of my flag already.
My friend, Mr. Glossbrenner, declines to be a can-
didate. Btit I persist in presenting a candidate in
whom we can all have confidence. That was the
reason why I presented the name of Mr. Gluss-
bienner, and that is the reason why I now present
the name of another practical printer; lu-causo I
want my friends on the other side to have a good
man m that office. I therefore put in nomination
