8T14
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 0,
alio.w members who have been asleep all night,
delinquent in the discharge of their duty, to come
in here and snap their fingers at us who have been
up all night, without imposing upon them a proper
penalty.
Mr. HOWARD, of Ohio. What is the ques-
tion before the House ?
• Mr. BURCH. I want to make my excuse. I
have ho excuse in fact for being absent. I left here
at ten o'clock, and I have had a good sleep. I am
how here ready to go to work.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move that the gentleman
be discharged from custody on the payment of
the usual fees.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HUGHES. I ask leave of the House to
retire, in order that I may get my breakfast.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. Is the gentleman
sick ?
Mr. HUGHES. Not a bit of it; but, never-
theless, I want my breakfast.
Mr. ASHLEY. As an amendment, I move
thatthegentlcman from New York [Mr. McKean]
be now allowed to finish his speech.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I object.
The question was taken on granting leave of
absence to Mr. Hughes ; and it was disagreed to.
Mr. Hatton was brought to the bar of the
House.
The.SPEAKER. Mr. Hatton, you have ab-
sented yourself without leave of absence. What
excuse have you to offer >
Mr. HATTON. Yesterday I was paired off
on the question which was pending, and which it
was understood must be decided before any other
business could bo transacted. It is the first time
during the session that I have been paired. I
understand that the House has been here during
the night. I have had a good sleep, and am now
ready to go to business. I appeal to the House
that, with one exception, no member has been
more regular m his attendance than 1 have been.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. I move that the
gentleman be discharged on the payment of costs.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I rise to a privileged
question. The gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Hickman,] who has kept us here until this
hour, is now sleeping upon one of the benches.
Has he the right to do that while the House is 111
session ?
Mr. ENGLISH. 1 move that the Scrgeant-at-
Arms be directed to wake him up.
Mr. TOMPKINS. The gentleman was under
arrest, and I would like to know whether he lias
paid his fees.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot entertain
the motion of the gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. STOUT. My excuse was severely criti
cised by the gentleman fiom Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Hiokmam,] whom I now find stretched and asleep
upon one of the benches.
Mr. M1LLWARD. No levity.
Mr. HILL, I hope that no reflection will be
made on the sleeping member from Pennsylvania.
"After last night's fitful fever he sleeps well."
[Laughter.]
Mr. ASHLEY. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania is the sickest man in this House. He
ought not to be here at all; but, sir, lie has per-
sisted in remaining, out of a sense of duty.
Mr. BURCH. 1 move that the House do now
adjourn. 1 have gn-at sympathy for the mem-
bers who have been here all night.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia, demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas SO, nays 53; as follows:
YEAS—Me^is. Allen, Avery, Bun*!), Iltnton Craige,
English, Fi'iieiicc, Gilmer, Hamilton, iJduleman, Hatton,
TI'.ll, liolm.m, William Howaul, Musics, Kll^on'. Lap-
dium, Logan, Clmiles D. Maicm, Maymnd, i'endleton.
"William N. [1. Smith, ytalhvortli, J.iine* A. Stewaitj
Stout, Thomas, Umicuwooth Vallaiuligilain, Waldion,Wil-
son, and Wright—3^1.
NAYri—Me.^1*. Charles F. Adams. AIdiic!i,Wilham C.
AndciJ-on, AfaMcy, Bm^hnin, Bl.ike, Buuliguy, iJr.ibsou,
Brfggs llnlhnkm, E!uihng:tme, Umev, (J:ue; John t 'ocli-
rani', Collin, Dui-il, Ely, Uartrull. Go'ocli, Joim T. Ham-,,
llelmiek, Hickman, Uiadmait, Junlvin, Fiance YV. K<;!-
}0g£. [Canyon, Loti"n(acker, Love, Lovejoy, McKean, Mill-
wait!, Muoihead, Nelson, Nixon, Portia. Pottle, t'ryor,
Pugli, Iticc, Chiistoplier Iiobioson, Spau'ldmg, (Spinner,
Stokti-s, Stiutton, Tlleakcr, Tompkins, Vanot', V an \Vyck,
V'-'ircc; Wtibstfir, Wolis-, Wnnlom, ;md Wood—53.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The Sergeant-at-Arms presented Mr. Craig,
of Missouri, at the bar of the House.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Craig, you have been
absent from the House without its leave. What
excuse have you to offer for your eibsence ?
Mr. BRANCH. I would like to move that all
further proceedings in the call be dispensed with.
Mr. FLORENCE. Oh,l hope not. It is not
in order.
The SPEAKER. The motion is quite proper.
Mr. BRANCH. I submit that motion.
Mr. HINDMAN. I move to lay it on the
table.
The question was taken on Mr. Hindman's
motion; and it was agreed to.-
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I
have no good excuse to offer. I left here about
eleven o'clock last night, believing the House
would adjourn in good time; but m that I was
mistaken.
Mr. BOULIGNY. I would inquire of the
gentleman whether tins is his first or second
offense.
Mr. ALDRICH. I desire to say to the gentle-
man from Louisiana and the House, that this is
the second time under this call that the gentleman
from Missouri has been found wanting. I am
not disposed, for one, to let him off very easily
this time.
Mr. VANCE. The second offense is notclcr-
giable, Mr. Speaker. [Laughter.]
Mr. SPINNER. Wo have remained here all
night without a quorum. I think the absentees
should be fined. I move that the gentleman from
Missouri remain in the custody o,f the Sergeant-
at-Arms until he pays a fine of twenty-five dol-
lars.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I hope that motion will
not prevail. I was arrested last night, along with
the gentleman from Missouri, and came in here
with him. I have been here all the time since.
That was one out of two. If the same pioportion
had remained, there would have beonlio difficulty.
I hope no fine will be imposed upon him.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I desire to ask the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Spinner] if that
is the usual fine this morning?
Mr. SPINNER. It is not; but I gave notice
fifteen minutes ago that after that I would make
this motion.
Mr. BOULIGNY. Then I move that all those
persons who were nol present last night be fined
m the same amount.
Mr. GOOCII. I desire to ask the gentleman
from New York whether lie is not making a prop-
osition which the House has no power to enforce.
If I understand the matter correctly, the only
penalty that can be imposed, according to the
rules, on amemberfor las absence from the House
is the fees and the expenses of the special mes-
senger that was sent for linn.
Mr. SPINNER. I call the attention of the
gentleman to the higher law, the Constitution of1'
the Uniied States, which gives the House unlim- ji
ited power. I
Mr. GOOCH. The Constitution of the United j
States gives us the power that we have; but the J
rules of the House direct how that power is to be
exerciscd, the extent of it, and the amount of the
penalty that can be imposed. We here, a minor- i
lty, cannot go beyond the rule which the House, i
the whole House, has laid down. The whole
House has laid down this rule under the heading
" Call of the House;" !
[ '• Wllon a membei Khali be dischaigod fiom custody, and ;
| admitted To In.-- soat, tllo I!"ii-bli.sll dottM tunic whether
] such dL*chai;r.' shall h'-' with or without paying lees; and in
i like m.tnnei, whethct a delinquent member taken into cus- !
! io'iv by a special messenger, bhaii or shall not be Iiabie to !
deitay the expense ol ucil special messengei." J
Now, I hold it to be an absurdity fonts to pre-
tencl to have the power to go beyond the impost- !
tioii of the fees and the expenses of llio special i
messenger. We have no power to provide fortbe ]
assessment of money on members. What is to j
be done with it' If we can assess a member !
twenty-five dollars, we. can assess him ^2,500.
What is to be done with the money? Where is |
it to go? What is the object and purpose for
which, we make the assessment? The matter is '■
clear and plain. The House has the power to ,
compel the attendance of members,and to impose I
on a member the expenses necessarily incurred in ■
bringing him licie; but the House cannot impose [
one fraction beyond that. And, sir, I think it
much better for us in this matter to confine our-
selves strictly to the rule, rather than attempttlie
imposition of any penalties, which we clearly have
no power to impose.
A Member. Have we not power under the
Constitution of the United States ?
Mr. GOOCH. The, gentleman asks me in re-
gard to the Constitution of the United States. The
Constitution gives the power unlimited; but the
rule of the House has laid down how that power
is to be exercised.
Mr. SPINNER. That is the very point to
which I called attention. The rule lays down the
mode in which a member is to be excused. He
may be excused unconditionally, or on payment
of fees; but the House may refuse to excuse him,
except on payment of a fine. That power the
House has under the Constitution, without any
rule. The House can keep a member in custody
or imprisonment.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. 1 have no desire
to be made an exception to the rule. But if I am
to be fined twenty-five dollars, I hope the House
will give me time, and take the sum by install-
ments. I have not got so much money. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. SPINNER. I desire to modify my mo-
tion from twenty-five to ten dollars. ' There is
not a gentleman ill the House whom I would not
rather impose a fine on than the gentleman from
Missouri.
Sir. FLORENCE. The point of order of the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Gooch] is
well taken. I call the attention of the Speaker
to the item, under the head of "Sergeant-at-
Arms," at page 14G of Barclay's Manual, where
the fees of the Sergeant-at-Arms are fixed. He
is to receive for each arrest the sum of two dol-
lars. That fixes the question.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. If the gentleman from
Massachusetts is right—and doubtless lie is—J
want the House to sec what a simple-minded
man I am. I came here last night with the gen-
tleman from Missouri, [Mr. Craig,] and while
1 was simple enough to stay here, he went home
and had a good night's sleep; and we both got
off at the same rate. I have learned something
to-night. I am well paid for remaining here; for
I have learned that the man who goes iiome and
sleeps the whole night gets off just as well as the
man who stays and sits up all night. That is a
good idea.
Mr. GOOCH. There is one point more m re-
gard to this matter. The Constitution provides
that a smaller number than a quorum of the
House can compel the attendance of members.
But if any gentleman read the Constitution, he
will see that no smaller number than a quorum
can impose a penalty. Now the suggestion is
made here that we, a minority, shall enforce that
provision of the Constitution, by keeping in cus-
tody the members who were not here until we
have a majority of the House; and then when we
have a majority of (ho House, we ran, having the
power of the whole House, impose penalty on
those members for absenting themselves. But I
would ask the gentleman who makes that propo-
sition, when and how, if we were to act upon it,
and keep 111 custody oil who arc absent, we could
have a majority of the House, in order to exccute
that provision of the Constitution ?
Mr. BINGIIAM. If the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts refers to me, that is not the proposi-
tion, at all. I would retain the delinquent mem-
ber in custody.
Mr. GOOCH. If you retained him in custody
lie could not act,and therefore the acting members
of the House would be still a minority.
Mr. BINGHAM. You might discharge as
many as you wanted for that purpose.
Mr. GOOCH. It seems to me that that would
huidly do. We cannot bring irien here and hay,
" We are a minority, and have no power to act;
but we will let you in, in order that we may im-
pose n ponalcy on those other follows, whom we
Will not let in." It does not seem to me that the
Constitution of the United States ever contem-
plated anything of that kind, or that its provis-
ions can be carried into effect m any such way. I
submit that there is no plainer proposition than that
where a law or a provision of law has connected
with it a penalty, the presumption is, that that is
the whole penalty that is to be inflicted for an in-
