328
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 7,
36th Cong....1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Maynard.
- Ho. of Reps.
cedents in our histoid as a nation, require such a submis-
sion as a prerequisite to the admission of new States, it
would be an unwarrantable assumption of power on the
part of'Congress, and: a violation of the Kansas-Nebraska
act, to deny admission to the State of Kansas on this
ground."—Washington Union, February 18, 1858.
Mr. HOLMAN. I would inquire of my col-
league whether he intends tcr intimate that Mr.
Hendricks, whose name is mentioned as subscrib-
ing to the platform and principles of that organi-
zation, concurred in the resolutions that have just
been read ?
Mr. WILSON. I did not state that.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is it a matter of fact?
Mr. WILSON. I have not any knowledge on
the subject, more than that I find it in the Wash-
ington Union. .
Mr. HOLMAN. Then you do not assert that
Mr. Hendricks concurred m the resolutions, or
any of them?
Mr. WILSON. I was not present at the meet-
ing of the club. I take it as I find it in the Dem-
ocratic official paper, the Washington Union, now
in the congressional library. I have obtained this
copy from the congressional files, and caused it
to be read here, so there may be no denial of its
truth hereafter.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask the gentleman further
if he does not know personally that Mr. Hend-
ricks did not concur m these resolutions?
Mr. WILSON. Know from whom ?
Mr. HOLMAN. Prom any source.
Mr. WILSON. I know this, that these reso-
lutions and the proceedings of that meeting have
stood for two years, and I have never yet heard,
till now, from any authorized source, that Mr.
Hendricks repudiated them.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to say, as a matter
of justice to a gentleman occupying a prominent
position before the country, that I have reason to
believe he did not concur in the sentiments of
those resolutions. He was temporarily a mem-
ber of that club; but he did not participate in the
adoption of those resolutions.
Mr. WILSON. Then I ask my colleague how
it happens that Mr. Hendricks has allowed these
resolutions to remain for two years, and to be
published in the Democratic official paper of this
city, and has never yet given to them a public or
direct denial for himself?
Mr. HOLMAN. It cannot be fairly inferred,
from the paper just read, that Mr. Hendricks did
concur in the passage of the resolutions. It does
not follow that, because he was a member of the
club, he was present at the time the resolutions
were adopted; and I am authorized to say, from
my knowledge of the transaction, that lie was not
present, and did not concur in the policy of
adopting them.
Mr. NIBLACK. I do not know by what au-
thority either of my colleagues speak; but I think
I know as much of Mr. Hendricks as any gentle-
man here does. I think, too, that 1 know as much
of the people of Indiana; and I give it as my opin-
ion that the people of Indiana care very little now
whether Mr. Hendricks did or (lid not concur at
that time m these resolutions. I speak particu-
larly of the Democracy of Indiana. It is a matter
that is wholly unimportant for any practical pur-
pose, in my judgment. The attempt to revive
this controversy is, as I regard it, out of time and
out of place. Other and more grave questions
engage our attention now.
Mr. WILSON. So far as the people of In-
diana are concerned in regard to Mr. Hendricks's
position, that remains to be determined on the
second Tuesday of October next. 1 beg leave to
state that I entirely differ witli my colleague [Mr.
ISTiblack] as to the unimportance of this matter. I
think that it will, perhaps, have some effect 011 i
the action of the people of Indiana, as it will en-
able them to understand what was the position of ,
Mr. Hendricks in regard to the Lecompton ques- \
tion. I think it somewhat strange that Mr. Hen-
dricks, who, it is said, was a member of that In-
diana Democratic club, and who, it is alleged, did
not concur in these resolutions, did not come for-
ward and at once and immediately denounce and
disclaim them.
Mr. HOLMAN. I can say with a great deal
of confidence, from the knowledge that I have of
Mr. Hendricks, that neither as a member of that
club, nor in any other position, before or since,
has he expressed any opinion adverse to the pol-
icy of submitting constitutions to a direct vote of
the people to be affected, either in the instance of
Kansas or any other Territory.
Mr. NIBLACK. I have only this to say in
addition, that we of Indiana, especially the Dem-
ocratic portion of us, feel a great deal more inter-
est at this time in what is going on at the Charles-
ton convention, and as to what may happen
between this and the presidential election, than
we do in what happened two years ago. Still,if
any gentleman, either on the Republican or Dem-
ocratic side, can make anything out of these res-
olutions, he is welcome. It is fair game; but I
think the gentleman will not make much out of
his production of them to-day. It is certainly
an obsolete matter; but I can understand why my
colleague from the eighth district of Indiana has
brought this matter into his speech. It belongs,
however, as effectually to the past, with us, as
does what occurred ten years ago.
Mr: WILSON. I understand that the objection
to Senator Douglas among his own party is due
to the fact that, in the Senate of the United States,
he attacked the Lecompton constitution, as recom-
mended by the President of the United States.
His position on that question has virtually ex-
pelled him from the Democratic party, and has
caused him to be considered a rebel. Now, sir,
these resolutionsespecially condemn and denounce
the assaults made by all parties on the policy of
the Administration in regard to the Kansas affair.
I ask, was not that a direct assault, on the part of
the Indiana Democratic club, on Senator Doug-
las, and on his policy during the Thirty-Fifth
Congress ?
Mr. NIBLACK. This is a family matter 011
the Democratic side, and we propose to settle it in
our own way among ourselves, and, I was about
to say, subject only to the Constitution of the
United States; but it might be more appropriate
to say, the Charleston convention. Speeches
which gentlemen on the other side may choose to
make will neither assist nor retard us.
Mr. WILSON. Well, if you pay attention to
the Constitution of the United States, as claimed
by the southern Democracy to have been decided
in the Dred Scott case, you ought not to attempt
to place your party on the Cincinnati platform,
which is read one way at the North and another
at the South—which has two faces.
Mr. NIBLACK. I am not a delegate to the
Charleston convention.
Mr. HOLMAN. The object of my colleague
[Mr. Wilson] in dragging this matter before the
public is manifest. Mr. Hendricks is the nomi-
nee of the Democratic party of Indiana for Gov-
ernor of the State; and the gentleman cannot show
a single act or expression of his in hostility to the
Democratic policy of that State, which is in favor
of enabling the people of the Territories to estab-
lish their own institutions by such an expression
of sentiment as may clearly indicate the popular
will.
Mr. WILSON. I think I have just shoWn the
fact.  
THE TARIFF.
SPEECH OF HOST H. MAYNARD,
01? TENNESSEE,
In the House of Representatives,
May 7, 1860.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union upon the tariff bill—
Mr. MAYNARD said:
Mr. Chairman: I did not intend to participate
in this discussion to-day, and I should not have
done so but for what 1 conceive to be the unwar-
ranted admission that fell from the lips of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman.] He concedes,
as I understood him—and I should be very happy
to know that I misunderstood him—that the du-
ties imposed and collected on imported goods are,
in all cases, and as matter of course, paid by the
consumer, and thus are a tax on the people.
Mr. SHERMAN. I said that that was the
necessary effect. I said expressly that duties on
imports might be so imposed as to be burdensome,
and might be so imposed as to do no practical
injury to anybody.
Mr. MAYNARD. I do not understand that it
follows that the duties imposed by a tariff fall
necessarily as a tax upon the people. They may,
or they may not, according to the manner in
which they are regulated.
Mr. SHERMAN. That may be very true.
You may make the duties so high as that nothing
will be imported, and consequently nothing paid
by the people. But if any of the articles that pay
duty are imported, as a matter of course the price
is to be paid by the people who buy the goods.
That is my idea.
Mr. MAYNARD. If I understood the gentle-
man correctly, the amount of duties collected un-
der the present tariff is something over fifty mil-
lion dollars per annum. The State which I havo
the honor to represent in part forms, in her pop-
ulation, as shown in the Federal representation
of the House, about one twenty-third part of the
entire country. If the gentleman's supposition
is correct, then the people of my State pay of
that sum between two and three million annually
—an amount of money which, I venture to say,
would startle them if they could be made aware
of their having to pay it, either directly or indi-
rectly. They certainly do not suspect it. I do
not believe it.
Mr. SHERMAN. We import $412,000,000
worth of foreign goods. We pay the freight and
profits, so that they cost us $450,000,000. I sup-
pose the people of Tennessee use their share of
these goods. No doubt they do; and, as a mat-
ter of course, they pay their relative portion of
the duty and charges. How would the gentle-
man avoid this?
Mr. MAYNARD. If the gentleman satisfied
me that his view of the subject was correct, I cer-
tainly should be opposed to the whole system of
tariffs 011 imports, and would vote against it from
beginning to end. It seems to me that his doc-
trine is the old free-trade and Democratic theory
whicli the advocates of the tariff have had to con-
tend against ever since the subject was discussed
as a political question. I regret that it should
ever have become a subject of discussion between
political parties, or that it should ever have been
a question at issue before the people, 011 which
parties, cither sectional or otherwise, should be
divided. It is an industrial and economical ques-
tion,and one in which, it seems to me, the people
of the country, from one end to the other, are
equally interested.
The theory is, in brief, as I understand it, that
when an article of foreign merchandise is im-
porte'd and duty imposed on it, the duty follows
it; enters into the price through whatsoever hands
it passes, until it comes to the consumer, and is
ultimately paid by him. In other words, that
price depends upon cost; and not, us is often said
and by many persons supposed, upon the rela-
tion of supply and demand. The unsoundness of
this theory is, to my mind, very obvious. Im-
ports are but items in the general charges upon
merchandise between the producer and tin: con-
sumer, as much so as freights, commissions, or
insurance—no more, no less—and follow the same
commercial laws; and whether these charges are
paid by the producer or by the consumer, or
partly by both, depends, I take it,upon whether
the one is compelled to sell, 01- the other com-
pelled to buy, or the traffic is mutually desirable
and beneficial. If the producer is compelled to
seek a foreign market, he must pay the expense
of getting his products there, and must incur all
intermediate charges. If, on the other hand, the-
consumer is compelled to go into a foreign mar-
net to buy, he must bear the expense and the
intermediate charges.
Not having prepared any special speech for the
occasion, I shall use sueh simple and homely
illustrations as occur to me. My immediate con-
stituents are employed, to a great extent, in the
production of wheat, for a portion of which they
are obliged to seek a market abroad. They sell
it in the State of Georgia; they send it to Charles-
ton, South Carolina; to Richmond, Virginia; to
Baltimore, and to the city of New York. When
they take their grain to these various marts, they
sell it for the market price, wholly irrespective of
the cost of transportation, or of any charge for
insurance, sackage, or anything else. The market
price for the time being is all they receivc. From
