1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
fraction of that law. We have the power, under
the Constitution, to make the rule; and, having
made the rule, and having in that rule affixed the
penalty, we can affix no other and no greater
penalty.
Mr. BINGHAM. As thegentleman hascnosen
to refer to a private conversation between him and
me 
Mr. GOOCH. I beg the gentleman's pardon.
I did no such thing.
Mr. BINGHAM. No harm in it. The gen-
tleman will recollect that I told him that his con-
struction of the Constitution was my own con-
struction; but that my attention had been called
to it, and that the construction was, that the House
had the power, under the Constitution, to impose
the penalty. My own opinion is, that the House
must exercise that power by prescribing the pen-
alty by law before the offense is committed.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Then we have arrived
at this point, that this set of rules, which we have
heard spoken of during; this session of Congress
as the perfection of human reason; which we ap-
pointed a committee to revise, and in perfecting
which we spent four or five days, just simply
amount to giving us no power at all to punish
members who refuse to attend the sessions of the
House.
Mr. SPINNER. I still further modify my
resolution, by leaving out the penalty, and direct-
ing the gentleman from Missouri to remain in the
custody of the Sergeant-at-Arms till the further
order of the House.
Mr. FLORENCE. I rise to a point of order.
The penalty is fixed by the rules of the House.
When a member is discharged from custody, the
House shall determine whether such discharge
shall be with or without fees; and, m like man-
ner, when a delinquent member is taken into cus-
tody, the rule fixes the penalty—neither more
nor less; and that is all the penalty which can
attach to a delinquent member. The power rests
with the House whether to remit that penalty or
insist on its payment; and we have no further
power.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order; and holds the motion to be in or-
der.
Mr. MAYNARD. Does the Chair hold that
the House has the power to hold a member in
perpetual custody'
The SPEAKER. Until the House chooses to
release htm.
Mr. FLORENCE. I must conscientiously ap-
peal from the decision of the Chair. [Cries of
" Too late !"]
Mr. UNDERWOOD. It is clearlytoo late to
take an appeal now.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that it is
too late.
Mr. SPINNER. If the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will look at the rule, he will see that it
only applies to cases where rhe House excuses a
member. It docs not apply to cases where the
House refuses to excuse him. The House may
refuse to excuse him, and may fine lum whatever
it thinks proper.
Mr.MAYNARD. I ask, whether the member,
being so in custody, is deprived of a voice in the
proceedings of the House?
Mr. BINGHAM. That question does not
arise now.
The SPEAKER. That question is not before
the House. It is better not to undertake to decide
anything more than is before us.
The question was taken on Mr. Spinner's
motion; and it was not agreed to
Mr. BINGHAM. I move that the gentleman
from Missouri be excused on payment of fees.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PORTER. I have remained here all night,
though being quite unwell. I still feel quite un-
well, and therefore ask to be excused until eleven
o'clock.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope the member will be
excused. I am told that he has been unwell all
night.
Mr. Porter was excused.
Mr. Ferry was placed at the bar of the House.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Ferry, you have been
absent from the sitting of the House without its
leave. What excuse have you to offer for your
absence ?
Mr. FERRY. Yesterday afternoon, the gen-
tleman from North Carolina [Mr. Winslow]
came to this side of the House, stating that he
was ill, and that lie wished some one to pair off
with him. Feeling somewhat unwell myself, I
consented to pair with liim, and did so, and both
of us went to our hotel. The messenger came to
mydoor with anoticethat there wasa call of the
House. Feeling that to come up here at that time
would be still more prejudicial to my health, I did
not come. On being summoned again, this morn-
ing, by the Sergeant-at-Arms, I presented myself
here. The reason for my absence is what I have
stated. I could not very well refuse to pair with
the gentleman from North Carolina.
Mr. LONGNECKER. I move that the gen-
tleman from Connecticut be fined ten dollars
Mr. FLORENCE. I move to amend, by ex-
cusirg him on payment of the usual fees.
Mr. BLAKE. If the gentleman was sick, as
is claimed, I move that he be excused uncondi-
tionally.
The question was taken on Mr. Florence's
amendment; and it was agreed to.
The motion, as amended, was then concurred
in.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. I suggest that the
gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Woodson] was
presented some time since, and is now in painful
suspense. He is ready to purge himself of any
apparent contempt of the House, and I hope he
will be hoard.
Mr. Woodson was placed at the bar, and in-
quired of by the Speaker as to what excuse he
had for his having been absent from the House
without leave.
Mr. WOODSON. I have a very good excuse
for not remaining here all night, i have been
quite unwell for about four days; and yesterday
I was under the influence of medicine. I remained
here, nevertheless, for seven hours, till I was
almost entirely exhausted. I then went to my
room, and when the Sergeant-at-Arms appeared
I was on my bed. I arose and obeyed the sum-
mons. 1 remained here half an hour, and seeing
that nothing good was being done for the coun-
try ; that the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
Craige] had become wearied himself, and, as I
undeistood, was about to leave the Hall, 1 con-
cluded to risk my health no longer. I went home,
and I have slept as soundly as a sick man could,
until this morning, when the Sergeant-at-Arms
appeared. In obedience to his summons, I have
presented myself promptly before the House.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I move that the gentle-
man be excused unconditionally.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. VEliREE. I move that the gentleman
be discharged on the payment of the usual fees.
Mr. CltAlG, of Missouri. I am satisfied that
my colleague was sick last night. He recovered
very suddenly. 1 saw him at breakfast this
morning, and he ate, sir, with a fearful appetite.
[Laughter, j
Mr. Verree's motion was agreed to.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move that when the
House adjourn to-day, it bo to meet on Friday
next.
The motion was disagreed to.
The Sergeant-at-Arms appeared at the bar, and
reported to the House that under its order he. had
taken into custody Mr. Leach of Michigan, Mr.
Sherman. Mr. Perry, and Mr. Irvine.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Sherman, you have
absented yourself without leave of the House.
What excuse have you to offer?
Mr. SHERMAN. I remauiud here until after
midnight, and until I felt that I could remain no
longer. I remained until after the second roll-
calf; then I went home. I have had two hours'
rest, and I am now ready to attend to the busi-
ness of the House.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move that my colleague
be excused.
Mr. BOULIGNY. I am opposed to that.
A Member, Did the Sergeai.t-at-Arms notify
the gentleman from Ohio?
Mr. SHERMAN. I heard a rap at the door
of my room about four or five o'clock. 1 believe
it was the Sergeant-at-Arms, or one of his depu-
ties, that made it. I was summoned aboutseven
o'clock,
Mr. BOULIGNY. I move that the gentleman
be discharged on the payment of fees.
Mr. BINGHAM. I call for the previous ques-
tion on that motion. ■ "
Mr. SHERMAN. I am perfectly,willing to
pay the usual penalties. . •
Mr. BINGHAM. Then I withdraw?jny mo-
tion, at the suggestion of my colleague, and let the
question be taken on the motion of the gentleman
from Louisiana, that he be discharged on the pay-
ment of fees.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. Leacii, of Michigan, was presented at the
bar.
The SPEAKER, Mr. Leach, you havebeen
absent from the sitting of this House without its
leave. What excuse have you to offer?
Mr. LEACH, of Michigan. In answer to the
interrogatory of the Chair, I will say that I re-
mained here until after twelve o'clock last night.
I felt sick and did not deem it safe to stay longer.
I then went home to my lodgings. I have no
other excuse. And I will say to the gentleman
from Louisiana, that this is my first offense.
[Laughter.]
Mr. LOVEJOY. Has the gentleman been sum-
moned ?
Mr. LEACH, of Michigan. I have not been
summoned at all. I did not see the Sergeant-at-
Arms until after I entered the Hall.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move that the gentleman
be discharged on the payment of the..usual fees.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. Irvine was presented.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Irvine, you have ab-
sented yourself without leave oftheHouse. What
excuse have you to offer?
Mr. IRVINE. I left here at seven o'clock last
evening. The House had resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
for the purpose of affording members an oppor-
tunity to make speeches. That 1 might be en-
abled to procure some refreshment, and not caring
to suffer the infliction of hour speeches, 1 Went
home to my hotel.
Mr. LONGNECKER. Was the gentleman
summoned by the Sergeant-at-Arms last night?
Mr. IRVINE. I was not summoned before I
had my breakfast.
Mr. BOULIGNY. The gentleman has not a
good excuse, and I move that he be discharged
on the payment of the usual fees.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I move that he be dis-
charged unconditionally, and that nil further pro-
ceedings under the call be dispensed with. It is
manifest to everybody that no penalties are to be
inflicted.
The SPEAKER. The question is not debat-
able.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I withdraw my motion
with a view of a saying a word. Gentlemen re-
mained here until the second call, and then they
left without the leave of the House. Those mem-
bers ought to be severely reprimanded. It is
manifest that there is no intention to punish the
members who have been guilty 6f contempt more
than once; and f hope, when this matter is dis-
posed of, that the gentleman will give me the
floor, when I will move that all further proceed-
ings under the call be dispensed with.
Mr. BOULIGNY. 1 move that the gentleman
be discharged on the payment of the usual fees.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I move to dispense
with all further proceedings under the call.
Mr. HINDMAN. I move that that motion
be laid upon the table.
Mr. SPINNER. Can a motion be made to
lay upon the table ?
The SPEAKER. It cannot.
The question was taken on Mr. Underwood's
motion; and it was disagreed to.
Mr. Montgomery was presented at the bar of
the House.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Montgomery,you have
absented yourself from the sitting of the House
without the leave of the House. What excuse
have you to offer?
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I will not say that I
am more punctual than any other member of the
House in my attendance hero, but 1 will say that
I am as punctual as any other member of the
House, i remained hero yesterday until it was
very late. I had an engagement at my hotel which
I went to fulfill.
