1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
it was a question of policy whether it would not
injure the bill, and therefore they preferred it
should come forward as an independent propo-
sition.
Now, Mr. President, I want the friends of the
homestead measure distinctly to understand, that
this amendment is of far more importance to the
people of the State we represent than is the home-
stead bill itself. We are not instructed to go for the
homestead bill, so far as I am informed. There has
never been any action on the part of the Legisla-
ture of that State in regard to it. It has been merely
the result of a conference between ourselves, as
to what the interests of our constituents lequire
and what is their wish. I believe my colleague
himself does not favor, as a general idea, the proj-
ect contained in the homestead bill; but we have
felt it incumbent on us to obey what we conceived
to be the wishes of our constituency in relation to
this measure, and I can assure gentlemen who ae
the friends of the measure that this amendments
of far greater importance than any feature named
in the homestead bill; and I will tell you why.
In the first instance, your homestead bill re-
quires that the party shall be an actual resident
for five years before he perfects his title. I know
that five years, according to ordinary computa-
tion, is but one sixth of the span of human life.
In California, however, it would be regarded as a
great hardship to the settler if he is compelled to
remain upon the land for the period of five years,
and for the following reason: the population there is
changeable; they are restlesS; they are nervous;
and if you organize Arizona Territory, and Ne-
vada Territory, they will go to those Territories
as they have gone to California. You compel a
man to remain on the land five years before he
acquires the title to it, before he can perfect and com-
plete his improvements,and he would much pre-
fer, as the people of Oregon did, to pay the dollar
and a quarter an acre, make an entry, and perfect
his title; and I should, as a representative of that
State, have offered an amendment to this home-
stead bill reducing the period to three years, had
it not been for the fact that having advised with
my friend from Tennessee, [Mr. Johnson,] and
other gentlemen who ar&interested in the measure,
I thought probably it might injure the measure,
by attempting to change what seemed to be the
period fixed by a majority of its friends.
But further, upon tnis amendment, the Senator
from Virginia [Mr. Mason] yesterday asked a
very pertinent question; and that was, whether
anybody was attempting to interfere with the
rights of those parties who were working the mines
in the State of California ? The reason given by
my colleague did not quite cover the case. I do
not think it makes so much difference whether
the Chinese there are reached or not. If the miners
there do not want them, they will drive them out.
Where they are working, and not interfering with
the rights of our people, they will let them re-
nfain; but if they do not want them to remain,
they will soon send them down into the valleys.
And I doubt very much whether the provisions
of this amendment would reach their case.
But there is another consideration which is par-
amount, and one that has retarded the progress
of our State more than all others combined, not
only the valleys but themountains, and that is this:
we have no title there—there is the greatest inse-
curity of title. The men there are just like they
are in every western State. They have gone to
work, to labor. The majority of them are poor.
They depend upon their own individual exertions
to build up their fortunes. They engage in enter-
prises which their minds are capable ofgrasprng,
but which their means cannot carry out. The
result is, they want to negotiate loans. They can-
not do it. And why? The majority of the cap-
ital there belongs to foreign capitalists. Foreign
houses that have capital in the State have their
agents there to represent them; ana when you go
to them, and want to negotiate a loan, they are
naturally distrustful of all our securities. It the
miner, or those associated with him—because they
generally work m these enterprises in an associ-
ated capacity—ifhe says, " I want to pledge my
right to the mine," these gentlemen at once say,
"You have no right to it; it is a mere negative
possession; the property belongs to the Govern-
ment of the United States; they have never even
recognized your right to the property, permitting
you to work it; and it does not follow but what
they may, at any time, pass a law for the sale of
these mineral lands, in limited quantities." Now,
what is tho result? They cannot negotiate a
loan.
The State itself has set the best example in
regard to this important matter. It has compre-
hended the whole difficulty. Some of you may
not know it, but it is nevertheless true, that the
State itself has set up an authority and right to
these mineral lands. The supreme court of that
State has indirectly decided that the right to the
mineral lands exists in the State itself, and not in
the United States. I do not propose at this time
to argue that question; but the State Legislature
have assumed the title in the mines to be in the
State, so far as was in their power. They have
passed a law that the miners themselves might
adopt all needful rules and regulations for the
contrcjlling of their mining interests; Und what-
ever rules were adopted by the majority of their
number should be received as evidence in the
courts, and should be the rule of decision in all
conflicts which might arise. It has worked like
a charm in all parts of that enterprising State.
Now, all we ask of Congress is to do the same
thing. Let the General Government deny that
there is any trespass upon the part of these par-
ties, and then their title is just as complete as it
can be, so far as legislation is concerned. The*
Senator from Ohio, [Mr-Puon,] a member of the
Committee on Public Lands, whom I do not now
see here, stated to me yesterday (I feel privileged
to use it) that he proposed bringing forward some
measure for the sale of these mineral lands in lim-
ited quantities. Now, Mr. President and Sena-
tors, I desire to assure you that, while I concede
to the Committee on Public Lands great ability,
I do not think that the combined wisdom of the
whole Congress of the United States could devise
so happy, so effectual, and so sensible a manner
of settling this whole question as that which ex-
ists among the miners themselves; and simply for
this reason: if you adopt a system, that system
must be general in its operation; if you allow the
mineral lands to be sold, it must, of course, be
equal in all of its operations;and the very moment
you do that you have imposed on the people there
the greatest hardship that can possibly exist; and
I will tell you why. Suppose you give a right to a
man to buy the title to twenty acres or an acre,
or if you choose to come down to feet, to one
hundred feet: what is the result ? The man that
may go into the mines and acquire a hundred feet,
may get that which is worth thousands—I do not
speak in exaggerated terms—while the man who
acquires a title by the side of him to the same
amount of land, may get that which is utteily
worthless. Now, how do they regulate these
things among themselves? They do what, ^ in our
common parlance, is called " prospecting." Two
or three hundred men settle 011 a plat which is no-
torious for its mineral wealth; when they get
there, they "prospect it;" they find out its value,
they prospect it in all parts and directions, and
when they have done that, they meet together as
good American citizens, as law-abiding men,and
agree among themselves: adopt certain rules and
regulations according to the value of the property,
and give to each man a certain amount of feet, a
certain quantity of land. The result is, he works
out that claim and he is satisfied, and tlicy are all
satisfied. If any dispute originates, then the gen-
eral regulation among themselves is tho rule 111the
courts of justice in the decision of alt their dis-
puted claims.
Whenever you attempt to adopt any other sys-
tem, you will find that it will produce inevitable
confusion; you will find that these lands will fall
into the hands of speculators: you will find that
there will be grinding hardship, there will be dis-
satisfaction and discontent. All we ask on the
face of the earth there, where we are adding to
the capital of the country $50,000,000 per annum
and where, for the past ten years, we have added
to your circulating medium to the extent ot
§500,000,000, is simply to be let alone. We want
the Government, however, so far as it is 111 its
power, to protect us. We want you to pass the
title out of the United States (so far as trespass
is concerned) to the people themselves, and let
them settle it, let them regulate their own con-
duct. They will do it satisfactorily. If they
want to borrow money, they can do it. Why.
It is the mere right, it is not the fee simple, i he
capitalist will loeto the money so long as he knows
he is getting the right to work the mine, and will
take his chances so far as" the product itself is
concerned.
1 regret very much, sir, that the proposition was
not brought forward in this homestead bill to vest
the titje to the public lands in the several States.
The General Government, so far as California is
concerned, has not been a beneficiary. We have,
according to the returns of the Department of the
Interior, one hundred and twenty million acres,
in area in California. Twenty-five million acres
have been surveyed. Four million acres belong
to Mexican grantees. Seven million acres are
reserved for school purposes, and for internal im-
provements, under the general laws of the coun-
try. That makes eleven million. You have got
but twelve million acres of surveyed land left that
are subject to the general operations of your land
system. Now, it"has cost $1,400,000 to survey
thatland, and $600,000 for the land commissioners
authorized by law to settle Mexican titles; mak-
ing $2,000,000 in all; or, in other words, the Gen-
eral Government has already expended about sev-
enteen cents an acre for the twelve million acres
of surveyed lands which can be brought into mar-
ket. Then, so far as the mere question of profit to
the General Government is concerned, it would
have been a far better policy for the UniteB States
to have ceded these lands to the State of Califor-
nia, and let us have taken the control of them
ourselves. But still I am in favor of the bill. I
want the Senator from Ohio, and those who are
the friends of the measure, to understand that I
intend to vote for it. I came here as its friend. I
have been its friend before the people of my State .
I have been its advocate. I expect to continue so,
even though my own ideas , as well as those of my
colleague, are not carried out; yet I respectfully
ask the friends of this measure—I ask of them in
all sincerity—nay, I go further, I demand of them,
as they respect the interests of our State, to give
us this amendment. It can do no injury; can do
no wrong to anybody; affects no other portion of
the country except the States of California and
Oregon; and I hope that they will ingraft it as a
part "of the bill.
Mr. BROWN. I do not like one portion of
the amendment. I have been constantly opposed
to this thing of putting foreigners, who had de-
clared their intention of becoming citizens, on an
equal footing with our own citizens. I have op-
posed it constantly and persistently, and shall
oppose it now. I know of no reason in sound
legal philosophy why a man, who has simply
declared his intention to become a citizen, should
in any manner, shape, dr form, be put with one
who is actually acitizen. The whole proposition
is repugnant to my feelings. A man who has
simply declared his intention to become a citizen,
may change thatintention to-morrow; may never
perfect it, even if it be an honest intention at the
time; or he may declare the intention fraudu-
lently, with 110 purpose ever to fulfill it; and yet
you propose to give such a man all tho benefits
which you give to a native-born, or an adopted
citizen. Besides, if you scrutinize the bill, you
will find that it gives a homestead in California,
which does not apply in the other States. The
first section of tho bill gives to any person who
is tho head of a family and a citizen of the United
States, the right to enter one quarter section of
land? It gives the right to a citizen of the United
States, and not to a person who has simply de-
clared his intention to become so. With the strik-
ing out of the words which include those who de-
clare their intention to become citizens, I should,
so far as at present instructed—protesting against
some of the arguments of the Senator from Cali-
fornia—be content to vote for such a proposition.
I am quite willing to give to the miners, as I am
willing to grant to all others, the right to enter at
the Government minimum, as other people do;
and yet I do not quite understand 
Mr. LATHAM. Will the Senator allow mo
to interrupt him for a moment?
Mr. BROWN. Certainly.
Mr. LATHAM. This amendment docs not
propose to give to the miners what would be prop-
erly called preemption rights. It simply prevents
them from being regarded as trespassers m the
exercise of rights established by their own local
laws and regulations, existing among themselves.
These, as f said before, are limited to a certain
