S30
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 1,
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Maynard.
Ho. oi? Reps.
ducer has control of the market; but on articles
of cotton, or of iron, or copper, or lead, any thing,
indeed, that we can produce at homo, the effect of
an imposition of duty is to compel the foreign
producer to pay duty himself, in order to afford
him a chance of selling in our market. It builds
up a home competition, and enables the article to
be supplied at a lower price than it could be im-
ported for. I deny, therefore, that the consumer
pays the duty which you lay upon foreign fabrics
where there is any home article which enters into
competition with them.
Mr. MILLSCXN" interposed some remarks which
were not heard by the reporter.
Mr. MAYNARD. In my observations on the
tariff, and the financial questions growing out of
it, I have long since become satisfied of one thing,
which, no doubt, my friend from Virginia has
not failed to notice; that is, if you will adopt a
preconceived theory, and go into the world of
facts, select such as you choose, and ignore all
others, you can, by what will appear a plausible
system of deduction, establish almost anything re-
quired by that theory; just as religionists sus-
tain themselves by proofs from Holy Writ, how-
ever diverse their crecds.
But to recur to the problem of the coats. The
question resolves itself, as I conceive, into this:
whether we are obliged to go to Paris for coats
or not. If we are, of course we must pay what
they choose to charge us, and bear our own ex-
penses. If we are not, and they are obliged to
send coats here to sell, and look to this as a mar-
ket, then, of course, they can get only what they
are worth in this market, and they must pay the
expense of bringing them ip us.
The President, in his second annual message,
congratulated the agriculturists of the country
upon the fact that the Government of Brazil had
reduced the imposts upon flour exported to that
country. He uses the following language:
" A large quantity of American flour is consumed in Bra-
zil; wlul-t moie than treble the amount in value ot ika/.d-
iau coifeeis roriMtmed in the United States. WlnKt tins is
lhoea>c, a heavy duty ha ^ boon levied, until vrty joocntly,
upon the impmtatmn of American flour into Urazil. i am
giatilied, liovvcvei, to be able to niloim jou that in Hcp-
temlx'i last tin-* has been jedueed Iiom.ftl 30 io about foity-
nine cents per barrel, and the duties on other aitiele<of
our production have been dmimi.-hed in nearly the >aiiio
proportion."
If the true theory be that the tariff invariably,
and in every instance, enhances the market price,
and constitutes a tax which falls inevitably upon
the. consumer, why is it a matter of any import-
ance to us whether Brazil jeduces her tariff, or
whether she increases it? And yet, every ex-
porter of dour knows that tlu' tariff which he pays
at Rio Janeiro is a tax imposed upon him for the
privilege of taking his llotir into that market to
sell. There is no doubt of it. Practical experi-
ence, and that instinctive common sense that comes
home to the business and bosom of every man,
alike teach him I hat so far from its being a burden
imposed upon the people who consume his flour,
it is a tax which he pays as an importer for the
privilege of selling his products to them. Hence
the gratification of the President that our commcrcc
has been even partially relieved from it.
Mr. JENKINS asked a question, which was
entirely inaudible to the reporter.
Mr. MAYNARD. I think so.
Mr. JENKINS. Then all 1 have to say is, that
not only should political economists be obliged to
the gentleman for the discovery of such a princi-
ple, but the country ought to lie obliged to him 1
also. If that be true, it would be policy, even if .
we had no public lands, and no other source of j
sufficient revenue to carry on the Federal Gov-
ernment, and it wjuld do the country no harm to
collect forty or fifty million dollars in that way,
if it does not come out of the consumers of this
country, but out of foreigners. If your principle
is true, I say still further, it would be true policy
to collect vastly more revenue than the Govern-
ment requires for public expenses, and apply it to
the endowment of colleges or any other public
purpose for the improvement of the country.
Mr. MAYNARD. I am surprised that the
gentleman, coming as he does almost fiom the
very shades of Monticello, has forgotten one of
the everyday homely maxims of Mr. Jefferson,
never to buy what you do not want simply be-
cause it is cheap. This is very poor economy,
public as well as private. If, by free trade, or a
badly adjusted system of tariffs, you enable the
foreign manufacturer to force upon your market
goods which the people have no necessity for, and
thus take their money out of the country, you
make them that much poorer. For if he buys
two hats who wants but one, he is just one
hat the poorer; so, too, of him who drinks two
bottles of wine when one would be more than suf-1
ficient. And it makes no difference whether half
the price of them goes into the coffers of the Gov-
ernment, or the whole of it into the pockets of the
seller. The people of the country at large under-
stand this principle, and will act upon it, unless,
by the adoption of an unwise commercial policy,
they are stimulated to overtrading.
Mr. JENKINS. My friend is all wrong. The
policy I suggest to you, according to the logical
conclusion from your own argument, would pre-
vent a man fvom buying as many hats as he oth-
erwise would.
Mr. MAYNARD. But you assume a princi-
ple, that to reduce the duty increases the con-
sumption. This can only be by stimulating the
people to over trade; or, in the language of Mr.
Jefferson, to buy what they do not want merely
because it is cheap.
Mr. JENKINS. I was saying what would be
the true policy of the Government if your hypoth-
esis is correct.
Mr. COVODE. As I discover that gentlemen
have run off into fine-spun theories a little beyond
my comprehension, I desire to bring them back
to a practical view of this question. I readily see
how the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sherman]
and the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. May-
nardj can both he right. The question depends
altogether whether the article they speak of is
produced in this country or not. If it is not pro-
duced in this country, and cannot be, then a duty
levied upon that article may be considered a tax.
But, on the other hand, if the article can be pro-
duced in this country, my experience has been
that it will not be a tax for any considerable length
of time. Look at the article of cut nails. We
find that they are manufactured and sold in this
country at a price below the duty imposed upon
the foreign article. The same is true of Ameri-
can sheeting. They are sold at a price below the
duty imposed upon the same article.
It appears, then, that it is necessary, in order to
bring about this home competition, to give pro-
tection for a time to induce the people to embark
in the manufacture of that particular article. The
same rule would apply to sugars. I admit that,
for the first year, a duty imposed upon sugar
would be a tax upon the consumer; but, if a tax
is necessary to induce Americans to go into the
production of sugar, its imposition, I have no
doubt, would be sufficient to rcducc the price as
low as we could get it from abroad.
Now, a word as to the coat business. The gen-
tleman from Ohio says that if you pay twenty
dollars for a coat 
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. If we are
to have speeches made within speeches, I do not
know when we shall be through. I have been
sitting here in the hope of saying a few words
after the gentleman from Tennessee is through;
but I am afraid he never will be done, and I must
object to these interruptions unless i am to make
a speech also inside ot his time.
Mr. COVODE. I have but a word more to
say. There is one thing which both gentlemen
have lost sight of, and that is the surplus products
of foreign countries. England and Fiance may
have more products of a particular class than they
; require for home consumption, and they send the
surplus to be sold to us at a price below that which
it commands at home. Now, it is this surplus
product of foreign countries which has caused
so much embarrassment to American manufac-
turers.
Mr. MAYNARD. Purposely have I refrained
from referring to the indirect and incidental oper-
ation of the tariff in fostering and sustaining
manufactures at home. I was addressing myself
specifically to the assumption hastily made, as it
seemed to me, by Uie chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means, that a duty imposed is, to
use liis language, as a necessary effect, a tax
upon the people. I was simply intending to enter
my dissent from that doctrine; and in so doing,I
have attempted to enunciate the principle which
I think crystallizes, so to speak, all the facts in the
case, and makes them consistent and harmonious
with each other. I have already stated the prin-
ciple more than once, and will not repeat it. I
was referring, when interrupted, to the unerring
instincts of commerce, to illustrate and demon-
strate it. Let me cite anotherinstance for the same
purpose. I refer to the well known sentiment of
British statesmen. Why is it that the people of
England arc so strongly in favor of the free trade
system? Why was it that such sums of money
were subscribed in that country for the purpose
of abrogating our tariff of 1842, and enacting the
tariff of 1846 ? Why was it that Earl Grey, in his
recent speech in the House of Lords, on the re-
form bill, took occasion to inveigh against our sys-
tem of protective duties—he a representative of that
large producing and manufacturing people ? Let
me quote a passage from this remarkable speech.
The noble lord, in alarm at the course of public
events in this country, undef our system of gov-
ernment, alludes to " the coarseness and vulgar-
ity, the scenes of actual violence which occur, and
the total absence of all attempts to promote the
welfare of the nation by enlightened legislation,"
which, according to his statement, characterize
the American Congress:
"Let me point out to your loidslijps just one remarkable
contrast between Congiesa and the liriti^li Pailiamont. Jn
Parliament, to which so much objection is made as not be-
ing .sufficiently popular, public opinion, aided by the efforts
ot enlightened, educated men, lias been suong enough to
enfoicc the application of sound political science in our
financial and eommeicial legislation. It has .swept away
all protection, and has placcd our revenue laws on a pys-
tom winch i  admitted to be, on the whole, wise and just.
But while public ojynion has been able to do tins in Eng-
land, contiary to the wis-hee, and contrary to the supposed
interests ot that landed aristocracy which is said to possess
undue power in Pailiament,and to abuse it for the oppres-
sion ot the nation, Congress, on the contrary, has main-
tained thenanowcst system of exploded protection ; and at
tins moment the revenue laws ot the United States aie of
such ar-haracterth.it no man who has the slightest preten-
sion to a knowledge of the t-ubiect can doubt that they im-
pose a great and needless buiden on the mass of the com-
munity toi the benefit ot the lew.'5
Why all this criticism upon our revenue sys-
tem? Why this solicitude, on the part of one of
the proudest representatives of the British aris-
tocracy, lest the masses of the community" in
this country should suffer " for the benefit of the
few?" Because it is perfectly well understood
out of whose pockets a large portion of our reve-
nues come. Englishmen understand that when
they send their wares and merchandise to differ-
ent parts of the world to find purchasers, they
must pay the expense of getting them to market,
and bear all the burdens interposed between them
and the buyer. Nobody understands it better
than they do; and hence it is that England has
interested herself in the cause of American free
trade. She is the most sagacious of Government.*,
the most jealous and watchful of her own inter-
ests. It is very certain that while she is the seller
and we are the buyer, the free trade which she
counsels as the seller would not be good policy
for us as the buyer. It is surprising that the fa-
miliar legal principle, that the same party cannot,
as agent, be both buyer and seller, because rep-
resenting antagonistic and diverse interests, has
not suggested itself, and does not suggest itself,
to everybody in this connection. It is said to be
right to learn from our enemies, but I have never
supposed it was wise to take their advice.
One thought more, and I will conclude what I
have to say. I believe that practical free trade has
very few advocates in this country. We had a
lree trade report made by a special committee in
the last Congress, involving a system of raising
revenue for the purpose of carrying on the Gov-
ernment. The plan recommended by the report
was, in brief, that the amount necessary to carry
on the Government should be ascertained, and
should be divided, pro rata, between the several
States; each State being required to raise and
pay over annually into the national exchequer its
proportional part, according to the ratio of Fed-
eral representation. This would require, at the
present rate of public expenditures, the State of
Tennessee, for instance, to raise annually,for the
support of the Federal Government, between
