752
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1
them; and I hope that all animosities which ex-
isted during his life are now buried with him.
His memory, I know, will long be cherished by-
many of my constituents, who have towards him
a devotion and an attachment peculiar to his friends
alone;-and were there nothing else in the charac-
ter, of this extraordinary man to inspire admira-
tion, the power to enchain to his fortunes and
himself those with whom he associated, will ever
remain apeculiar characteristic of Mr. Broderick,
and. attract the attention of all who may hereafter
become acquainted with his life-history.
In conclusion, Mr. Speaker, as a further mark
of respect for the memory of the deceased, I offer
the following resolutions, with the hope that they
may be unanimously adopted:
Resolved, That this House has heard, with deep sensi-
bility, the announcement of the death of Hon. David C.
Broderick, late a Senator in Congress from the State of
California.
Resolved, That as a testimony of respect for the memory
of the deceased, {he members and officers of this House will
wear the usual badge of mourning for thirty days.
Resolved, That, as a further token of respect for the de-
ceased, the House do now adjourn.
Mr. HASKIN. Mr. Speaker, in rising to sec-
ond the resolutions just offered, I feel somewhat
diffident, lest I should not be able to do the'charac-
ter of the distinguished Senator, in honor of whose
memory they have been proposed, that justice
which its simplicity, its purity, its integrity, and
its greatness, demands. As it is the duty of eulogy
not to indulge in extended panegyric, I will, in
the few remarks which I intend to make on this
occasion, confine myself to the prominent facts
and circumstances connected with the eventful
and romantic history of my deceased friend. I
will not make a funeral pageant of my grief; but
will give a simple narrative of his career, believing
it to be a glorious precedent for the honorable
imitation of the poor and the humble, who have
energy and wealth of intellect to command.
No gentleman upon this floor, or m the other
Chamber, know the deceased Senator better or
more intimately than myself. We were school-
boys together, grew up to manhood and entered
the gate and pathway of life hand in hand. In
early youth we both attended one of those great
" people's colleges "of the North—a A ee school—
for about a year each. This was the only aca-
demic education he ever received, and it awakened
wi thiu him an appetite for useful knowledge which
lie lost no opportunity afterwards to gratify. Upon
the death of his widowed mother, whose sole sup-
port he had been for years, he left the trade he
had been following, (that of a stone-cutter,) which
was undermining his constitution, and commenced
another branch of business less laborious and
- more lucrative, by which he maintained himself
and a younger brother, who had been left a charge
upon Iiim. Among his first acts after this changc
was the purchase of a library; and I well recol-
lect that m 1845-46, when in the habit of visit-
ing him, I frequently found him engaged in study,
perfecting his knowledge of grammar by writing
in full parsing lessons from the text-books. About
this time the deceased became the foreman of one
of the largest and most respectable fire companies
of New York, (Howard company, No. 34.)
In that city this position is regarded as one re-
quiring great intrepidity and power to command;
and his election to it, out of one hundred young
men who had grown up with him, is sufficient
evidence of the fact, were evidence wanting, that
he possessed these distinguishing traits of char-
acter. I allude to the fact to show that thus early
his ability as a leader was recognized and appre-
ciated; and that, too, by a class of men whose
actions in periling their lives, without hope of
reward, for the preservation of public and private
• property, and the safety of society, might be
studied with advantage by the statesmen of the
present day. I knew Mr. Broderick intimately,
at that time, and heard him declare that he would
rather wear the foreman's cap of his company in
the discharge of a fireman's duty than be crowned
with a kingly diadem.
The gentleman from California has given to the
House so close a narrative of the political career
of the lamented Senator in his adopted State, that
itwould not become me to travel over that ground
again. I shall, therefore, confine myself to a brief
description- of his life previous to his leaving my
State. We entered the busy arena of politics at the
same time, both as national, conservative Demo-
crats ; sinccre believers in, and foil owers of, the pure
principles of the Democratic party, as laid down
m its platforms, and exemplified in the adminis-
trations of Jefferson, Madison, and Jackson. W e
were together members of the Democratic general
committee, which had control of the party organ-
ization in the city of New York. It was there that
he first displayed his great energy of character
and tact as a local party leader. He controlled
the Democratic organization in his congressional
district, and so potential was he, that he at times
governed the nominations of the party for the
chief magistracy of the city, and other important
local offices. His indomitable will was felt in
nearly all of the Democratic conventions held in
that great city during the time he remained a res-
ident of it; and as a political leader of powerful
influence, he won the admiration of his friends,
and the respect of his opponents. It was then—
" I saw him beat the surges under him,
And ride upon their backs; he trod the water
Whose enmity he flung aside and bieasted
The surge most swoln that met him; his bold head
'Bove the contentious waves he kept, and oared
Himself, with his good arms, m lusty stroke
To the shore."
The only legislative position which he ever held
in the city of New York was as a member of the
charter convention, called to amend and remodel
its organic law, and he there was untiring in his
efforts to reform the abuses which existed in the
city government. To show the strong tendency
of his mind to latitudinous Democracy, he advo-
cated and succeedcd in securing to the people the
right to elect the heads of the various city execu-
tive departments. In 1846, he was nominated by
the Democratic party of the fifth district of New
York, in which he and myself then resided, for
Congress, and was defeated by Frederick A.
Tallmadge, a gentleman who had been a State
Senator, and had previously occupied several po-
sitions of honor in that State. This defeat in a
district which had before usually been in the habit
of sending a Democrat to Congress, was believed
by many to have been caused by his humble
origin and fire company associations. Being the
sou of an artisan, and an artisan himself, the aris-
tocracy of the party turned their backs upon hirn,
whilst many mechanics and workingmen, jealous
of the success of this then young tribune of the
people, assisted in what they considered the over-
throw of his political fortune. This rebuke deeply
wounded his pride, for he was prcraa, at times,
even to impenousness, and he showed that he
never forgot the hand that administered unjust
rebuke. In his celebrated speech in the Senate
against the admission of Kansas under the Le-
compton constitution, he took occasion to upbraid
the wdrking-men for not being true to their own
class. I will read the extract to which I allude:
" I have not the admnation for the men of the class from
whence I sprang that might he expected; they submit too
tamely to oppression, and aie too prone to neglect their
lights and duties as citizens. But, sir, the elass of society
to whose toil I was born under our form of government
will control the destinies of this nation. If I were inclined
to forget my connection with them, or to deny that! sprang
from them, this Chamber would not be the place in which
I could do either. While I hold a seat here I have but to
look, at the beautiful capitals adorning the pilasters that
support this loof to be reminded of my father's talent, and
to see his handiwork. I left the scenes of my youth and
manhood for the 'Far West,' because [ was tired of the
struggles and jealousies of men of my class, who could not
understand why one of their fellows should seek to elevate
his condition above the common level."
At about this time, the existence of gold in large
quantities in California having become 44 a fixed
fact," he determined to leave New York, where
his canvass had somewhat impoverished him, to
retrieve himself, and to carve out a name and
achieve honorable fame on the shores of the Pa-
cific. Thiiyjesign was carried out in 1849, and
I well remember his last words of parting, to me
and other friends, in which he assured us that he
would never return to the city in which lie had
spent his early life and in which his honorable
ambition had received so severe a check, until he
came clothed with the sovereignty of California,
then a State in embryo, as one of its Senators. I
was to have gone with him as his companion and
friend, and was only prevented from so doing by
family ties and family importunities. But I lived
to see his prediction realized, and we met a^ain,
here in this Capitol, m 1857, at the commence-
ment of this Administration; he the representa-
tive in the United States Senate of a sovereign
State he had assisted to bring into existence, and
myself the Representative of the people of my
•district in this popular branch of Congress.
The preferment and exalted position he attained
should gladden the heart of every artisan through-
out the land. The blacksmith may now look up
from his anvil, the stone-cutter from his uneven
block,and with " excelsior" aspiration say to each
other, "be of good cheer, for even we, emulating
Broderick's example, may'fill seats in a body
adorned by a Clay, a Calhoun, and a Webster ! '
Of Mr. Broderick I may with truth and justice
say, that for energy of purpose, integrity of char-
acter, and fidelity to friends and to friendships, he
had no superior that I have ever known. He was
not an orator in the popular acceptation of the
word; but he was a bold, truthful, outspoken man,
dealing in facts with a just and discriminating
mind. His powers of reasoning were by no means
great; he arrived at conclusions with the rapidity*
of thought, as if by intuition, and his conclusions
were always immovably right. He had no model
among the great men of the country to follow; but
if there ever was a Senator of the United States
who united, in his person and in his character,
more of the prominent traits of the statesman and
hero, Andrew Jackson, than those of any other,
it was David C. Broderick. His power in the
Senate was acknowledged and felt by all his as-
sociates, although he had been among them but for
a short period of time. In some, this powerexcited
wonder, whilst others were magnanimous enough
to admit it. There was a loadstone of truth about
the young Senator, and a frankness and honesty
of heart in the man, which passed like an electric
I current from him to them, and made them anxious,
with a few exceptions, to assist and serve him.
No one destitute of patronage over had more de-
voted and unselfish friends, and no one ever re-
tained such friends or their friendship longer.
He lived for fame. He had no ties of blood-re-
lationship to bind him to earth, the last being
severed by the death of his brother Richard, in
1847, who was killed in Charlton street, New
York, by the accidental bursting of a bombshell.
Alone in the world, surrounded by none of those
tender associations of family which develop the af-
fectionate part of man's nature, make home happy,
and life in this world agreeable, he consecrated
himself to the attainment of that political distinc-
tion which he finally achieved. I will not refer
to the unfortunate affair which was the immediate
cause of his i( taking off," in language of harsh
invective, because of the sectional dividing line
which exists between northern law and civiliza-
tion and southern custom and " chivalry," in re-
lation to the duello. My friend believed in the
" field of honor"—mistakenly so called, in my
judgment—and sacrificed a life upon it that be-
longed to his State and his country. I will not
here impugn his memory for this.
"This is the stale of man ; to-day he puts forth
The tender leaves of hope, to-morrow blossoms,
And bears his blushing honors thick upon him ;
The third day comes a frost, a killing frost;
And, when he thinks, good, easy man, full surely
His greatness is a fipening, nip5* hi* root,
And then he falls, as I do."
Alas! alas! he died in the prime of manhood,
at a time when his country could least afford to
lose the services of one who would have conferred
lasting benefits upon it. The devotion with which
he watched the growth and promoted the great-
ness of California, made his death an individual
calamity to every inhabitant of that State. Cut
down, as ho was, in n day, the whole nation uni-
ted with California in mourning a blow which de-
prived it of the counsels of a pure, unselfish patriot.
When the tidings of his fall reached the Atlantic
! States, the heart of every honest man throbbed in
, agony at his loss.
He sleeps his last sleep at the base of the Lone
, mountain, m the State of which he was among
■ the first, the most useful, and the bravest of its
' pioneers. Wo all now deplore his loss, though
■ ; tears are of no further use when once the tribute
of nature has been paid. The business of life
summons us away from grief and calls m to the
exercise of those virtues of which w e arc lament-
ing the deprivation, and for which he was chstm-
guished. We can now only prca'c ive the memory
j{ of his life, which we believe was useful, honorable,
|j and brave; yetsurcly, Mr. Speaker, then; is some-
ji thingpluasinginthe reflection that our separation
from those we love, and whose memories we
cherish, is merely corporeal. With a sad spirit,
