THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
• Mr. BOULIGNY. The gentleman is out of
order. We do not want, to know anything about
WigBgemems.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I think I am in order.
The SPEAKER The gentleman will pro-
ceed.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. 1 wont home to my
room, ami there met the gentleman with whom I
had an appointment. 1 excused myself, and on
my return here the House was just resolving itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, for the purpose of debate As usual,
■when the committee are met only for debate, 1
went home.
Mr. BOUL1GNY. 1 wish to bring the atten-
tion of the House to this fact: it is not right or
just that those who have been sitting here most
of the night, and have then been arrested, should be
fined in the same manner as those who have been
home all night,and havehadagood restandgood
meals, and who have altogether been derelict to
their duty, i hope that gentlemen who have been
so delinquent will be fined heavily.
Mr. H1NCMAN. 1 think that thepointmade
by the gentleman commends itself to the sense
and justice of every man here. Members of the
House were required to come here last night at
nine o'clock, or a little after nine o'clock. We
came, in obedience to the order of the House, and
we have remained here ever since. Other gentle-
men came with us; but immediately after their
arrival here, they left, in contempt of the process
by which they had been brought to the House.
These gentlemen have remained away during the
entire night, refusing to appear when they have
been again and again notified so to do, by order
of the House. They present themselves this
morning, and are fined no more, not one particle
more, severely than that which has been inflicted
upon us who have been here all night long. We
ought to dispense with all further proceedings
unuer the call, or we ought to discriminate be-
tween the two classes of offenders.
Mr. BOULIGNY. 1 propose to the House
that such a discrimination ought to be made.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I have not yet finished
giving my excuse. This morning, about five
o'clock, the Sergeant-at-Arms came to my room,
aroused me, and said that 1 must report to the
I-Touse immediately. When I came to the House,
I found the doors closed. I went home, and was
summoned again.
Mr. BOULIGNY. There is in this House no
better subject for the application of the discrim-
ination I have suggested than my friend from
Pennsylvania. 1 move that he be discharged on
the payment of the usual fees and a fine of ten
dollars.
Mr. FLORENCE. It has been ruled that no
higher penalty than the payment of the usual fees
can be imposed. 1 insist, that under tlie rules, the
motion of the gentleman from Louisiana is not
in order.
The SPEAKER. There seems to be a natural
difficulty ill the minds of members on this ques-
tion. It seems to the Chair that the rules do not
prescribe that a higher penalty than I ho payment
of fees may be imposed; still the Chair will leave
the question to the House for its determination.
Mr. BOULIGNY. 1 hope that every one of
the members who have been away all night will
be fined in like manner.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I think that the
motion is evidently out of order. There is 110
power in the House to inflict a fine upon any
member.
The SPEAKER. The Clmir will not under-
take to decide the question, but ho will leave it to
the House.
Mr. SPINNER. 1 demand the yeas and nays
on the motion of the gentleman from Louisiana.
Mr. FLORENCE. There is no House here.
We have no quorum. 1 suggest the point to the
Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair leaves the ques-
tion with the H'juse.
Mr. H1NDMAN. Can those members who
failed to come here on the notification to them by
the Sergeant-at-Arins vote on tins question ?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Certainly not.
Mr. H1NDMAN. Ought their names to be
called ?
The SPEAKER. They have no right to vote.
Those who have been brought in under arrest,
although their names may be called, have no right
to vote.
Mr. NOELL. I am not under arrest that I
know of.
Mr. SPINNER. If the gentleman is not un-
der arrest, he ought to be. He is now in con-
tempt of the House in having absented himself
from its sittings.
Mr. NOELL. I have a good exreuse.
~ The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 15, na^eJ59; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrich, Ashley, Bouligny, Burlingame,
Carey, Duel!, Lovejoy, Moorhead, Pottle, i'ugh, Spinner,
Verree, Wells, Windom,and Wood—15.
NAYS—Messrs. diaries F. Adams, Allen, Avery, Bing-
lmm, Blake, Brabson, Brayton, Brigss Buffiriton, Case,
John Cochrane, Colfax, Burton Craige, Ely, EnglHi, Ferry,
Florence, French, Cartrell, Gilmer, Goocli, Hamilton, Har-
deman, John 'I'. Uarrh, Ijatton, Hickman, Himluian,Hot-
mail, William [Inward, William A. Howard, Ilnghes,
JunkTn, Francis W. Kellogg, Kenyon, Kilgore, Landrum,
DeWitt C. Leach, Lo^an, Longnecker, Charles Maitm,
Maynard, Nelson, Iticc, Christopher Robinson, Sherman,
William N. II. Smith, Stallworth, Stokes, Stout, Thcaker,
Thomas, Tompkins, Underwood, Vallandigliaiu, Vance,
Waldron, Wilson, Woodson, and Wright—59.
So the motion was disagreed to.
During the vote,
Mr. BONHAM said that he was present, al-
though he believed that he had no right to vote.
Mr. CASE said that he did not believe the
House had any authority to impose an extraor-
dinary fine, and that lie, therefore, voted in the
negative.
Mr. NOELL said: I raise the point that I have
a right to vote.
Mr. SPINNER. The gentleman is in con-
tempt of the House because he has been absent
without the leave of the House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is not enti-
tled to vote until lie lias purged himself of the
contempt.
Mr. UNDERWOOD did not think that Mr.
Montgomery ought to be fined in addition to the
payment of the usual fees, when others more
guilty than he has been have been excused on the
payment of fees; and he, therefore, voted in the
negative.
Mr.HlNDMAN for the reason stated changed
his vote, and voted in the negativo.
Mr. BOUL1GNY. I want to know whether the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] has paid
his fees ? If he has not, he has no right to vote.
The SPEAIvER. The Chair thinks he has a
right to \ote.
Mr. SPINNER. The gentleman from Ohio
was discharged upon a condition,and unless that
condition is complied with, he has no right to
vote.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am ready to pay the fees
at any time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the fine is
a matter between the member and the Sergeant-
at-Arms, and that every gentleman is presumed
to do his duty in that respect; and the Chair will
not exclude any gentleman from voting for the
reason that he has not paid his fees. There is
no opportunity to pay, and no demand.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Another rule was adopted
during the mstht.
Mr. FLORENCE. But it has been protested
against as the violation of the privileges of a
member.
Mr. IIINDMAN. I understand that the Chair
has declared that he will consider every gentle-
man as having complied with the order of the
House in reference to paying the penalty imposed
upon him; that he will presume that the fees are
paid.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has so stated.
Air. IIINDMAN. Is there an appeal from
that decision of the Chair r
Mr. LOVEJOY. There is.
Mr. 111NDMAK. An appeal cannot be taken
during the call of the roil.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is correct.
The result of the vote was announced as above
recorded.
Mr. FLORENCE. The question is now upon
my motion, that the gentleman be excused upon
the payment of fees.
Mr."PETTIT. I rise to a question of privi-
Mr. SPINNER. The gentleman cannot rise
to a question of privilege at all. He is under ar-
rest.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon ex-
cusing the gentleman.
Mr. PETTIT. I rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear it.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object. The gentleman has
no right to make a point of order.
Mr. HICKMAN. The gentleman has no right
to the floor.
Mr. PETTIT. Is the floor assigned to me ?
The SPEAKER. I ask the gentleman from
Indiana whether he is under arrest? I wish to
know that fact.
Mr. PETTIT. That is the very question of
order which I wish to make.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will inquire of
the Sergeant-at-Arnis, which is the only way to
get over this difficulty. Until a member is dis-
charged from arrest, the Chair will hold that no
member has a right to be heard upon the floor,
except to render his excuse.
Mr. PETTIT. I wish to get the facts of this
case before the House, with a view respectfully
to take an appeal from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. BOULIGNY. The gentleman has no right
to take an appeal.
Mr. PETTIT. It does not belong to those gen-
tlemen to tell me that 1 am not m order. I am
entitled to the decision of the Chair.
Mr. LONGNECKER. I have a right to call
the gentleman to order; and I do call him to order.
Mr. VANCE. 1 hope the Sergeant-at-Arms
will report whether the gentleman from Indiana
is or is not under arrest.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has already stated
that, while a gentleman is under arrest, he cannot
be heard,and cannot vote. He must first discharge
himself from arrest.
Mr. PETTIT. From that decision, I take an
&pj)Gfl.l.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has no right
to take an appeal.
Mr. PETTIT. I respectfully submit to this
House ["Order!" " Order 1"]
Mr. BOULIGNY. I call the gentleman to
order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would entertaiiL
the appeal, if he thought it right to do so, with
the greatest pleasure.
Mr. FLORENCE. I insist that the question
shall be put upon the motion that my colleague
[Mr. Montgomery] shall be excused upon the
payment of fees.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indi-
ana should understand that any friend may take
an appeal for him. I think, while the gentle-
man is under arrest, if our rules are good forany-
thing, that he has no right to act as a member.
Therefore I call upon the House to sustain the
Chair. The Chair does not so decide because he
is unwilling that an appeal should be taken.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
So Mr. Montgomery was excused upon the
the payment of fees.
The Sergeant-at-Arms here appeared at the bar
of the House and announced that he had in cus-
tody, at the bar of the House, in obedence to its
order, Messrs. Potter, Hale, Bonham, Dunn,
Davis of Indiana, Pettit, Noell, Dimmick, Gra-
ham, and Fexton.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Perry, you have ab-
sented yourself from the sittings of the House
without its consent. What excuse have you for
your absence?
Mr. KILGORE. Before that matter is pro-
ceeded with, I hope the House will permit me to
take an appeal for my colleague, [Mr. Pettit.]
The f-PEAKER. The Chair is desirous that
these excuses shall be proceeded with as rapidly
as possible.
Mr. PERRY. I will state that Ieame here at
the usual hour yesterday to attend upon the ses-
sion of the House. I remained here until about
half past twelve o'clock. I will state the facts in
reference to my case; and then the House can do
as they please. For several days past, a week or
or more, 1 have been afflicted with rheumatism,
which has made it very uncomfortable for me to
remain here. I will state further that I have had,
in connection with that, a slight attack of chills
and fever; and 1 staid here last night until I felt
the chill coming over me. I did not consider it to
be my duty to remain here longer. Accordingly
I left the House, and went home. During the
