1772
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
extent, depending entirely upon the value of the
land itself; not to one hundred and sixty acres,
■or any such amount;-but to a certain area, regu-
lated by their own ideas of justice, controlled by
the value of the claim.
Mr. BROWN. The Government can subdi-
vide its own domain, I suppose, as it chooses. It
is not xestricted to one hundred and sixty acres
or one hundred and sixty feet, or even ten feet.
The Government may divide it as it chooses.
Who ^Yioan is, that men prospecting, who get
themselves in a comfortable position, shall not be
turned out by the Government. To that I agree.
Mr. LATHAM. That is the main proposi-
tion.
Mr. BROWN. Then, I say I am for it; but
I am not for allowing that to people who simply
declare their intention to become citizens. The
man who declares his intention to become a citi-
zen is not such. He may take up arms against
the Government to-morrow and commit no trea-
son. He may return to his own native Jand, take
shelter under his own native flag, and fight against
your country; and if you found mm in arms against
your country, you could not punish him. After
you have lavished all the favors of the Govern-
ment upon him, he is still a foreigner. He may
have made an honest declaration, or may not have
madcatthoncstonc. Youcannotascertain whether
it was honestly or fraudulently made. If hon-
estly made, he may have honestly changed his
ptirpose; if fraudulently made, he cannot reclaim
it. When he is a citizen, i treat him as a citizen,
without stopping to inquire where he was born;
whether in New England, or France, or Germany,
or ICamtschatka. When he comes and swears alle-
giance to our Government, and conforms to our
laws, I would treat him as a citizen; but he must
have all the vestiture of the citizen; and not only
have made a declaration of intention, but must
have followed that declaration by perfecting the
intention, before 1 would extend to him the special
favor of this Government, or in any regard put
him upon a footing with the citizen. Let me be
understood. I am not speaking against foreign-
ers. I am willing to adopt them into the family,
from whatever quarter of the globe they may come;
but I will adopt them into the family according to
the laws of the family; and not take them in upon
the mere declaration of a purpose to become mem-
bers of the family.
But the point which 1 was about to approach,
in reply to my friend from California, was this:
he seemed to think that because his constituents
dug large amounts of gold out of the soil, there-
fore, they were entitled to privileges over other
people. No one is more ready than myself to
grant to the miners in California all reasonable
protection m their mines; I would have the Gov-
ernment disturb them in the least possible degree;
but that they are entitled to any more favor at
the hands of the Government than the man who
digs cotton or anything else out of the soil, 1 do
not believe. The soil belongs to the Government.
One of my friend's constituents digs out gold. Is
lie entitled to higher favor than the man in my
State who digs cotton or corn out of the Govern-
ment soil ?
Mr. LATHAM. The Senator has clearly
misapprehended my remarks if he thainks for a mo-
ment 1 claimed any such privilege whatever. The
gentleman certainly has not marked the language
of the amendment, as it does not ask that, the
miners shall have any fee simple, any title to the
«oiI. It gives to them a right as distinguished
from the title.
Mr. BROWN. In reply to some Senator on the
other side—the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Pugii,]
I think, who had given notice of his purpose t$
bring in a bill to sell these mining lands on Gov-
ernment account and put the money into the
Treasury—I understood the Senator from Califor-
nia to protest against that, and to say that the
Government would make confusion worse con-
founded if thoy undertook to do any such thing.
^ Mr. LATHAM. The Senator is perfectly cor-
rect as regards that statement.
Mr. BROWN. Exactly; and the amount of it
is, the Government is not to sell its own property
'at any price. It is to give it away and allow
miners to keep it free of charge to the Government
altogether, because they produce, the Senator
tells us, $500,000,000 in gold in a given number
of years, perhaps ten years. Well, sir, arguing
by parity of reasoning, I would like to know if
the people of my State have produced cotton
which would sell for $500,000,000, whether they
too ought not to be protected from any charge on
the land ? If California produces $50,000,000 worth
of gold in a year, and the Government is bound to
give the land to her citizens—not to*sell it, but to let
them occupy it to dig out gold—I desire to know,
on the same principle, if the State of Missis-
sippi produced cotton which sells for §50,000,000,
whether they ought not to have the land free
of charge ? The Government has sold its land to
everybody else—has sold land to my constituents;
sold land to the constituents of my friend from
Minnesota, [Mr. Rice;] sold land in all the landed
States where cotton and wheat and Indian corn
and other things are raised that are very valuable—
quite as valuable as gold, because they bring gold.
The Government sold us our land, and paid
for it. I see no dilferencc in the two cases.
The Senator says that one man might buy a
piece of land which might turn out to be worth
millions, and another, along side of him, buy a
piece worth nothing. Very well; these things
happen in every day life. They are the results
of fortune, either good or ill; but all this does not
prove that the Government ought not to have
something for its land besides the general sum of
gold which is dug out and thrown into general
circulation; because, I protest again, if the princi-
ple is sound in regard to gold, it is equally so in
regard to cotton, wheat, barley, or anything else
which is produced in the soil, and which will
bring the gold.
So far as the settlers arc concerned, those who
are mining 1 would not disturb, but would treat
them generously. If a man is on a spot of ground,
one hundred, or one hundred and sixty feet, or
whatever it may be, or whatever may be the sub-
divisions which the Government determines to
establish, then it seems to me he ought to be pro-
tected; that is, he ought to have a preference
right at the Government minimum, whatever you
establish it at; but I protest against the idea that
the man who first occupies it, because he digs
gold out of it, is entitled to it any more than the
man who first occupies a piece of ground, and digs
cotton out of it, is entitled to that.
Mr. GWIN obtained the floor.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Perhaps the
Senator might like to hear the objections that I
shall raise to his amendment, before he makes his
remarks. If not, I will yield the floor.
Mr. GWIN. Very well.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Mr. President,
the amendment offered by the Senator from Cal-
ifornia, which is now before us, was under the
consideration of the Committee on Public Lands.
I will state, on the part of that committee, what
I believe I have their authority for stating, that
it was accepted by the committee as a part of this
bill, which is general in its legislation, while the
amendment itself applies alone to two States, and
is partial legislation.
Again, to give the reasons for it in as distinct
a form as I can, the subject of the mineral lands
was considered by Congress many years ago; and
Congress then, by law, absolutely reserved the
mineral lands from the evcry-day action of the
ordinary system. At present, the mineral lands
are not subjected to the same laws that the other
lands are. This bill, to which it is now proposed
to make this amendment, is one that is applicable
to all the public lands, leaving out all those re-
served by special law, in any respect whatever.
The amendment now offered is not akin at all to
the bill that is before us. The Committee on Pub-
lic Lands did not choose to introduce it, because
it must necessarily be a source of discord; and
any action had upon it must be deficient in this:
that they have not made any investigation into
the subject, which is one that is complex, and
exceedinglydifficult. The committee then determ-
ined that it should be passed by, and should be
made the subject of full consideration at some
other time, with all the light which we could obtain
from the Senators and members who represented
that character of country to which this particular
amendment refers. It is to be believed, and I pre-
sume will be by all, that there will be more in-
formation to be obtained than what any one, or
any two men, though you take them in the Sen-
ate or in the House, can possibly furnish us with.
The subject is one of such importance that it
has been hitherto kept apart and entirely separate
from the regular or distinct action of Congress
upon the subject of the whole mass of the public
lands. Now it is proposed to bring it in by this
amendment. It was considered by the commit-
tee; and for these reasons, which I have stated,
the whole subject was pushed aside, without tak-
ing it up and discussing its special features. The
Senators from California, however, have brought
the subject before us, and compel us now to con-
sider the particular features of the amendment.
When the Senate come to consider them, I re*
spectfully submit that they will not bear to be
sifted. I say this with no disposition to refuse to
forward and advancc the earnest wishes of those
two Senators, who, I am entirely satisfied, want,
though they will not confine their asking to it,
nothing more than that which is right and fair to
their own people. They do not observe, how-
ever, in looking at the principal points that are to
BPfound in this amendment, that they come in
direct conflict with one of the first principles of
the bill; and one of those features that we cannot
but believe on the part of the committee commends
the bill itself to the consideration and-to the favor
particularly of one side of this House. I allude
to the point which has been brought forward by
the Senator from Mississippi, in regard to natu-
ralization. The bill itself, to which the amend-
ment is offered, expressly declares that no one
shall have the final patent, which is the com-
plete and full benefit of the act, who has not abso-
lutely become a citizen. This amendment goes
on to give the benefits of the act in two States—
Oregon and California—to persons who have sim-
ply declared their intention to become citizens.
There is a wide difference in regard to that fea-
ture in the two propositions. We did not desire
to establish a law that should relate to but two
States; but we wished the law that we proposed
to pass to be a general one. 1 do not desire the
Government t© define rights particularly as to the
same class in one way in one place, and in an-
other way in another region of the country. I
have stated two distinct differcnc.cs between these
propositions. They are inconsistent; and they
cannot producc fair and effective legislation.
I will call the attention of the Senate, and the
Senators themselves, to another point. There is
no disposition upon the part of the committee to
refuse to grant relief and any just and fair legisla-
tion in regard to thcsmineral lands of California and
Oregon. They have the sympathy in the highest
degree of the balance of the people of the United
States, who have felt the benefits of their labors
in the very great increase of the circulating me-
dium of this country. We acknowledge that we
feel that undoubtedly. We do not acknowledge
that debt of gratitude which makes it personal,
that anything must be given to them on account
of that fact; nor is it claimed by them as I under-
stand; but it is undoubtedly a fact, which we must
recognize, that the settlement of that country an?l
the present system of working those lands has
produced a good effect that has pervaded all rela-
tions throughout these United States and every
branch of business and every single private pur-
suit. But, sir, we cannot consent to take up the
question of the mineral lands in Oregon and Cali-
fornia, and actu pon them without ever having sub-
mitted the question, in the first solitary instance,
to those officers who have been in charge of the
whole of this business from the beginning of the
Government. We have not asked them for in-
formation, nor is the Senator able to give us any
system furnished by those in special charge of
these subjects. We have not asked them, is this
law right; will it work well; or what suggestion
can you offer to make it work better ? There is
no such question put, and the committee to whom
you confide this investigation has had no charge
of this subject. It has not been considered by
them. The Senator from California cannot say
it was considered by us at the time the bill and
all the amendments were recommitted, because
theic were absolute instructions then that within
three days we should report back to the^Senate,
which precluded our going into the subject of an
entirely new system for a special and different
branch of business. I am sure the Senators will
not blame us upon that point. We could not
give the subject full consideration.
Again: as I have suggested before, the subject-
matter of the amendment is not consistent, and
