THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D.' 0.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 1860.
New Series No. 48.
and with grief upon my heart, I second the reso-
lutions of condolence and rcspect to the memory
of my deceased friend, proposed by the gentleman
from California.
Mr. HICKMAN. Mr. Speaker, "The ques-
tion of his death is enrolled in the Capitol;" and
I speak the truth in eulogy. I could not do other-
wise without wronging the charactcr of the illus-
trious dead, who was a bondman to the truth.
Born of the humble, David C. Broderick died a
peer of the proudest and the best. His com-
manding life challenged respect, and its surrender
^sanctified it. Dead, he still lives, and will live.
Absent from those who knew him best and valued
him most, he will continue to be present with
them. In every conflict for principle, in every
struggle for the discharge of patriotic duty, lie will
whisper to the doubting, and hold up the right
arm of the resolute.
" In stilly thought, and in the wildenng fight,
A cloud bj day, a pilkiml tiame by night,
He'll point Us onward, oiuvard to the goal,
Leading on legions with hi=4 vast control—
Implanting truth, the idol ol'liis boul.'"
Since we last mot here, yonder Chamber of
your Capitol has lost a sage's intellect, a hero's
heart, a devotee of country. David C. Broder-
ick has ceased to walk the earth, and sleeps his
last sleep in the Golden City of the West. Mighty
States, extending from the Pacific to the furthest
East, were startled and almost paralyzed at the
recital of the sad story; and their sturdy yeo-
manry, their skilled in craft, their sons, breathed
their vow in tears, and registered it in faith and
determination. Their banners are already in their
hands, let the nation read thorn. They bear the
last words of a dying seer—they may yet be
trumpeted at the mouths of cannon on fields of
war.
Hereafter, in the vast hereafter, children will
speak his name when tracing their father's creed;
and here, homage, impulsive, not ceremonial, shall
be presented to him, as officers of the state and
army rendered it before the corse of the great
Constantine.
Forty years ago, whilst the center portions of
this building were rising from the ashes of wicked
conflagration, within sight of this spot, a child
was born to a lowly artisan. How little did that
father imagine that the columns upon which he
then wrought were to support a dome, beneath
which that son should sit as Senator from a State
not then known to the Confederacy, and bearing
within its bosom treasure more valuable than the
coffers of the world. And yet, in the volume of
Omniscience it was written out how Pavid C.
Broderick, the child of toil, should live and die;
what noble aspirations, what .self-sacrificing de-
votion, what unconquerable will, would achieve;
how lie would suffer immolation at the call of
conscience; and his example should become an
inspiration to millions of men, from whose ranks
he rose like a giant from slumber. H§ was God "s
instrument for mighty purposes, and He gave him
love, and comprehension, and power. He was a
philanthropist, a philosopher, a chief. Those who
thought him less never knew him, and must fail
to comprehend the cause and extent of that feel-
ing which his death has produced. It will be better
understood hereafter. When the heavens clothe
themselves in mourning, they hold the hot thun-
derbolt as well as the gentle rain. None are too
wise to learn. Mistakes may be made by defying
the one whilst petitioning for the other.
I esteem it my highest honor to have enjoyed
fully the affection and confidence of the departed
statesman; and clustering memories, as well as a
request made and a pledge given, when the lion
was in the pride of his strength, and snuffed his
danger m thcdistance,demand that I should speak
of him as I knew him. My estimate of Mr. Brod-
erick's character is not made up from the wild
excitement of party conflict, or the deeper feeling
of parliamentary contests. It is drawn from a
more truthful source—from the calm and medita-
tion of the midnight hour. Undisciplined by early
education,and making no pretense of learning,he
48
was thoroughly acquainted with the ^history of
his race; and had carefully and critically read the
best models in English literature. Mankind was
his study. Ho'had a quick perception of ruling
motives, and his charity was great. Without a tie
of blood to bind him ill selfishness to the world, the
glory of his country and the happiness of her peo-
ple gave direction to all his thoughts and molded
all his plans; singularly modest in his bearing,
and diffident in the expression of his opinions, he
was entirely self-reliant, and possessed a courage
devoid of fear. His consecration to the interests
of the farmer, the mechanic, and the laborer, was
complete. Their loss is irreparable, and I would
bid them know it. With the impassioned utter-
ances of a cotemporaneous poet, I would turn their
grief to action—
Arouse from your Iethai<?y, children of toil,
Ye soils of tlie anvil, the'loom, and the soil;
Come forth as the winds, ill then struggling might,
And wrestle 'till death with the foeman ot llitrht.
" 'Tvvas tlm  with your leader, the gifted and tuie;
His life was a sacrifice, given tor j on ;
Every pulse of liis heart, every nem1 ot his fume.
Was to dignify Labor and give it to Fame.5'
I need not say I loved him—yea, with more
than a brother's love; I shall novel: forget him; no,
neither in calm nor storm. I would embody his
spirit, if I could, in an undying frame, that the
friendless and oppressed might look forward in
unfailing hope.
But, alas! in anguish I repeat it, Broderick—-
there was but one—has ceased to walk the earth.
I may not allude eveA to the circumstances of the
hero's fall; and I have no disposition So do so. I
believe, 1 feel, I know! that is enough of conso-
lation. God called; he answered, and took his
cause with him. In the hands of just Omnipo-
tence I leave him and it. lie has left his man-
tle—too large for ordinary mortals; who that still
breathes is daring enough to place it 011 his shoul-
ders?
He was just and generous; he was gifted and
noble; he was pioud and patriotic. He raised
poverty to rank, proving the legitimacy of its
blood; and his fame will be as enduring as the
records of public virtue.
Mr. STOUT. Mr. Speaker, I trust it will not
bo deemed inappropriate for me to occupy the at-
tention of the House for a few moments on this
occasion. I had the honor of a personal acquaint-
ance with the deceased Senator whose death has
been announced. It is true, that it wasmore limited
than that of those who were associated with him
as his personal and political friends; but, having
for years been a resident of that State, and a por-
tion of the time connected with its political affairs,
I had a favorable opportunity of judging of the
merits of the man whose death we now deplore.
My respect for the man, and for the feelings of a
large portion of my constituents, prompts me to
say a word concerning the lamented Broderick.
I have not yet forgotten the gloom that rested
upon the countenances of my constituents as they
received the news that David C. Broderick was
no more. We all felt that the Pacific coast had
lost a friend. However much we may have dif-
fered with him 111 his political course, we did not
lose sight of the fact that he was a friend to our
interests. The people of my adopted State whom
I now have the honor to represf nt, just emerging
as they were from territorial vassalage, felt that
they could look to him, with the rest of the Cali-
fornia delegation, as a defender of their rights and
interests; and when 'the sad intelligence of his
death was received, it spread a gloom over our
entire State. This sympathy was not controlled
by political prejudices, as I "trust 1111110 is not on
this occasion. They knew something 01" the man.
They knew how he had arisen from an humble
position to that of the highest in the councils of
the nation. They all knew, or had heard, of his
courage and unimpeachable integrity. They
knew of his devotion to his friends, anO they
respected him for these qualities.
I think, Mr. Speaker, that it may be safely said
that no man ever lived who more unfailingly kept
every promise than Mr. Broderick. In all my
knowledge of the man, I never knew one to be-
come his friend who afterward abandoned him;
nor did I ever know one to complain of broken
promises 011 his part. To these qualities I at-
tribute much of the success that attended him.
I11 prosperity he was not unduly elated, and in
adversity he was never discouraged. The one
led him to prudence and forbearance; the other,
to renewed energy and perseverance.
But Broderick is dead! What we may say,
nor the grief of his friends, will call hitn back to
life. The dark messenger of death has put a
period to all his bright anticipations, and has de-
prived his admiring friend^ of their beloved com-
panion, and forever blotted out the fond hopes
they entertained for his future, usefulness. .
I will not attempt on this occasion to recount
the disadvantages he encountered in arriving at
the high position I10 occupied at the time of his
death. His history in tliat respect has been writ-
ten. All know that he was among those who
arose from poverty without the aid of wealthy or
influential friends to that high station he occupied
at the time of his death, and though dead, his
example still lives as an encouragement to those
who, in humble circumstances, aspire to places
of honor and trust among their fellow-men. His
case furnishes a fitting illustration of what ayoung
man may do 111 a country like ours, extending to
him almost any positiog to which he may aspire,
when that desire is seconded by an energy com-
mensurate to the position which he desires to at-
tain. Let the grave cover whatever we may be
disposed to consider an error on his part, and may
the example be has furnished us of industry and
perseverance, be the means of stimulating others
to laudable < \-ertions for fame and position in this,
our free and happy country.
Mr. BURLINGAME. I rise, Mr. Speaker,
to mingle my sorrow with this general expression
of grief at the fall of one so gifted and so brave
as was David C. Broderick. It is true, that I did
not know him so-long nor so well as did those
gentlemen who have just now spoken so feelingly
and so justly of him". But latterly my relations
with him were quite intimate, and 1 presume it
was a knowledge of tins fact which led those who
were near and dear to luni when he lived, to
request that 1 would join with them in these last
sad tributes to his memory.
And now, sir, standing by his closed grave, I
will do what I can to lead your mind, Mr. Speaker,
and the mind of the House, far, far away from
the causes which laid him in his bloody shroud,
and call your attention to a few of those singular
qualities which made lum the marvel alike of his
friends and his foes. 1 do not shrink, sir, from
a defense of the motives and actions of Mr. Brod-
erick; but this is not the occasion, this is not the
time for resentment; it is the hour sacred to friend-
ship and to grief. I11 this spirit, sir, 1 shall offer
the few words I have to say.
He was the child of the people; born to that great
American heritage, the right to labor and to enjoy
the fruits thereof, he shed a new dignity on the
toilof man. It is true, as the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Haskin] remarked, that now, worn,
and tired labor may look up from its toil and be
proud. Sir, that was a beautiful incident to which
he made reference when in the Senate of the ij nited
States, representing, in part, an empire in the
West, Mr. Broderick permitted the recollections
of his early struggles to come upon lum, and
pointed out with pride, the liandiwoik of his hon-
ored father, as it appeared in the traceries of the
Capitol above his head. It was a recognition of
his alliance with the great working^classes of the
country. Butitwas noblerfar,jnanlierf&r, on that
occasion, when instead of flattering the prejudices
of his people, he told them with a fearless tongue
their faults, rebuked their prejudices, ana yet
leaned confidingly on their virtues while he vin-
dicated their rights. .
Sir, he was a Democrat, without being a dem-
agogue : he loved the people and he never betrayed
