1774
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
as a separate subject, andlnvestigate it separately,
and make a separate report.
Mr. LATHAM. There might be a great deal
of force in all the Senator says, were itnot for the
fact that all these questions grow out of the land;
they grow out of the soil, of the rights to the soil,
while the instances eked by the Senator relative
to commerce, and so forth, are very different.
There is no parity of reasoning whatever. Our
interests grow out of the soil, the same as yours
do out of the soil. Your people are confined to
agriculture, and ours to mining. Our prosperity
is of one sort; yours of another. But all grow out
of lands, which are designed to be regulated by
this bill, and certain privileges given to him who
makes the land valuable, and, according to my
idea, regardless of how that land is worked,
whether in agricultural or mining pursuits.
Now, as to the great objection urged by the
Senator from Arkansas, and also by the Senator
from Mississippi, to this amendment, as to the
provision in itnot conforming to the general fea-
tures of the homestead bill, inasmuch as the
amendmentgives rights to parties who have merely
declared their intention to become citizens. My
colleague and myself will not insist upon this, if
it must defeat the amendment. The majority of
foreigners who come to the Pacific slope, I must,
however, say, when they make a declaration of
their intention, intend to become citizens, and I
"apprehend m ninety-nine instances out of every
hundred, actually do become citizens. I know
not how these things operate in the Atlantic States,
but in California not one out of a hundred makes
a declaration to become a citizen that docs not
perfect his papers and acquire the rights of a cit-
izen.
The substance of the objection of the Senator
from Mississippi [Mr. Brown] consists in the
fact that citizens of his State (a cotton-growing
State) are not entitled to equal privileges with citi-
zens m the State of California or Oregon whose in-
terests are affected by this amendment. I cannot,
for the life of me, see any parity of reasoning in
this statement. I endeavored to explain before,
the peculiar attitude these minors occupy to the
soil, the peculiar and variable value of the soil,
how unequal it was, and how unjust it would be
to give a man one hundred and sixty acres or a
preemption right to mineral land, resulting in
great hardship and oppression,and entirely over-
throwing a system which has been productive of
profit and benefit not only to California but to the
country at laige. The Senator from Arkansas
also says that the purport of this umendment (and
that is his greatest objection to it) is the giving
or ceding of those mineral lands to the States of
California and Oregon.
Mr. COLLAMER. Will the gentleman in-
dulge me one moment?
Sir. LATHAM. Certainly.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have drawn up a very
short amendment, and I desire the opinion of the
gentleman upon it, as it is on that point. I will
read it. It is to add, to the provision already in
the clause:
Nor shall anything in this act be construed or have any
cffect lo grunt or concedc to either of said States? any title
or right to the minerals on the public lands therein.
Mr. LATHAM. That covers the case entirely.
I do not object to that at all. My colleague, who
has offered this amendment, docs not object to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then, if thoie
be no objection, the proposition will be embodied
in the amendment as a part of the amendment.
Mr. LATHAM. The Senator from Arkansas
must clearly have misunderstood the purport of
the language used in this amendment, by attempt-
ing to give it the interpretation he has. It is merely
to establish the right of the miners to work the
mines, and not to be regarded as trespassers, and
to erect such improvements as they may deem
necessary, sometimes amounting to great value.
When the parties cannot carry out their enterprise,
and are compelled to borrow money, it is thrown in
their way constantly by foreign capitalists," you
have no right to occupy this land; you are tres-
passers upon the soil,which belongs to the Gov-
ernment of the United States;'5 and they can make
no response, because, theoretically, they are tres-
passers, whatever may be the silent policy of the
Government. When you declare that they are
not trespassers; that they have got a right there,
as citizens of the country, to work these mines,
then this objection is obviated, and the same right
that they possess can be hypothecated, and they
can go on and perfect improvements and develop
the resources of the soil.
Now, Mr. President, I desire to make one more
appeal to those gentlemen who are the friends of
this measure. It is true, I am not an old member
of this body, but I have had some experience in
legislation in the other wing of the Capitol, and
I know we will never get consideration for a dis-
tinct proposition of this kind relative to the min-
eral lands. Tlicy are so distinct and varied in
their character that you never can perfcct a gen-
eral system. Arizona has her silver mines; Cal-
ifornia her gold mines; Nevada her silver mines;
and again, Oregon her gold mines, and so on—all
of them distinct in their character and controlled
by the character of the population and the nature
of the country. I repeat it, they are so varied
that you can never adopt a general system. The
Senator from Oregon, [Mr. Lane,] my colleague,
and myself, know what will please the interests
of our people; and I do respectfully ask, therefore,
that you will not force us to carry this measure
through as a distinct proposition; because we
know, just as well as you do, that it will be utterly
impossible to get such a bill passed, as it would
be called special legislation. We represent the
wants of our own constituency. We know them.
We ask that, while you arc indulging the settlers
upon the public lands where agriculture is the
main pursuit, you will be equally just and equally
generous to our people, inasmuch as we are the
friends of your measure, and give to the actual
settlors upon these mines a right to cultivate them,
without being regarded by your Government as
a trespasser upon the soil.
Mr. RICE. I do not intend to take part in the
discussion of this measure; but itdoes not appear
to me that there is any new principle involved.
It docs not appear to me that the Senators from
California are asking any more for their State than
has been granted to mine, and to others, and to
many of the Territoiics. But a few years ago,
when I had the honor of occupying a seat in the
other branch of Congress, immigration to my
State had gone far beyond the surveys. All the
settlers there were trespassers, in the eyes of the
law, the same as they are now in California and
Oregon. They were exceedingly uneasy; they
did not hk^to be m that attitude before the coun-
try, subject at any time to be arrested, or to be
removed* from the lands. They petitioned Con-
gress, and, 1 believe, without a dissenting vote in
both branches, you extended the preemptive rights
to the unsurveyed lands in that country. Those
rights merely put the settlers in the attitude of not
being trespassers; but left the final disposition of
the soil, on a revision of the preemption laws, still
with Congress. It appears to me the same rule
should apply here. lean see really no difference;
and while we are passing a bill to protect all the
settlers, I do not see why the miner should not
be included as well as the agriculturist. I am
in favor of the amendment; I think it is exceed-
ingly appropriate to this bill.'
Mr. WADE. Mr. President——
Mr. GWIN. I want to answer all the objec-
tions that may be made. I do not desire to detain
the Senate. If the Senator from Ohio is going to
object to the amendment, I will hear him, and af-
terwards make my remarks.
Mr. WADE. I do not intend to address the
Senate at large, but I find the greatest enemies to
the bill consume the most time in debating it.
The great difficulty which this bill now has to get
through is this course of argumcntfromitsfriends.
I suppose no man's vote will be altered or changed
here by any argument any of us can make on the
subject, and, therefore, I refrain from entering
into the merits of it at all, because I am perfectly
persuaded I could throw no new light upon it.
With regard to the amendment under consid-
eration, it seems to involve very important prin-
ciples—principles altogether too important to
come up collaterally) by way of an amendment,
when we have not Kad our attention drawn to the
subject, and when it involves the sanction of the
customs, rights, and habits of miners in the dis-
position that they make of the land there, proba-
bly without any direct authority for that purpose.
I think it very probable that the amendment is
all right, and perhaps, if we could understand it,
we should all assent to it. It has not, that I
know of, ever been before the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, exccpt as an amendment to this bill.
I understand that committee unanimously rejected
it as an amendment to this bill, while they inti-
mate to us that they think that in a separate form
it might be entirely unobjectionable.
Now, sir, I have no disposition to do anything
unkind to the people of California, or to prejudice
their interests in the land at all. On the other
hand, I will go as far as the furthest to aid and
assist them in settling these difficult questions
about their land claims and the rights of mining
there; but when it comes in as an amendment to
this bill, involving principles apparently so im-
portant, I am sure that members of the Senate
will not feel that they sufficiently understand it to
vote with safety upon it. It seems to me to be
out of place. I think the subject ought to go sep-
arately to the Committee on Public Lands, that
they may examine it and bring it in shape by
itself. The Senator's objection to that is, that it
will not probably make its way through Con-
gress. I do not sec any difficulty about that. If
the committee recommcnd it, it will certainly pass
with very little discussion. I hope it will not be
ingrafted upon this bill, while I avow myself
ready, when it appears in a separate form, to give
it my attention—and I believe my favorable atten-
tion—for I am favorably impressed with it now;
but I think it does not belong here. I hope we
shall have a vote upon it; and I hope the friends
of the bill will vote, rather than talk.
Mr. POLK. Before the Senator from Califor-
nia proceeds, I should like to ask him if he has
stricken out that portion of the amendment that
allowed persons who merely make a declaration
to become citizens to enter the land ?
Mr. GWIN. 1 am ready to do that.
Mr. POLK. If the Senator will do that, 1 will
go for it.
Mr. LANE. I think it proper that I should
say something in relation to this amendment.
The Senators from California have urged its adop-
tion, and I think, upon reflection, for good rea-
sons. I believe it ought to be adopted. The
Committee on Public Lands, Mr. President, hav-
ing, after a long session, succeeded in so amend-
ing the bill known as the homestead bill as to
make it acceptable to me, and I hoped, and had
reason to believe, acceptable to the whole Senate
and to Congress, and that it would become a law,
I felt very much disinclined, without very care-
fullyexamining this amendment, to embarrass the
bill with it; but upon reflection upon the pro-
visions of the amendment, which I did not then
examine very carefully, I am satisfied that it is
a good one; that it would strengthen the bill now
under consideration; would give it friends, and
do much to secure its passage; and therefore I
deem it proper to say that I am in favor of the
amendment, and that, too, after mature reflection.
I will state that I am not inclined to favor the
amendment that has been proposed to the amend-
ment. By the provisions of'the bill now under
consideration, you allow the American citizen and
such other person who shall dcclarc his intention
to become such, the right of entering a claim, en-
tering a homestead, and when he perfects his res-
idence, you allow him, upon his declaration, to
take possession of the claim; to go to work upon
it; to have all tho benefit of it; and when he has
perfected his residence his naturalization is com-
plete, and he is entitled to his quarter section of
land for the small price of a quarter of a dollar an
acre. The amendment, as drawn by the Senator
from California, provides that the American citi-
zen, or such other who shall declare his intention
to become an American citizen, shall have a right
to work upon the claims. It is exactly in accord-
ance with the provision of the bill to which it is
offered as an amendment. You allow the adopted
citizen, or such other than'an American citizen,
the right, when he declares his intentions to enter
upon his claim, to commence work, and to de-
velop the resources of that country, so rich in gold.
Why, Mr. President, all the enactments of all
the Congresses on the face of the earth cannot
change the order of things in that country. Where
the soil is good, gold is rare. Where gold is found
in abundance, the soil is rarely good. It is found
in gulches in the mountains, and in such localities
as are not adapted to agriculture, not adapted to
cultivation. Your people go into the mines after
prospecting them, as stated by the Senator from
