754
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
them, and with passing time, as they discovered
these traits in his character, he won their enduring
regard.
Sir, I never knew a man who was so misun-
derstood—who differed so much from his common
fame, I myself sought him in this city as the
Representative of a hardy but tumultuous portion
of my countrymen. Imagine, sir, my surprise
when I found him a student—a student of history,
a student ef poetry, a silent man, one who sal
apart from his fellows, pondering deeply the great !
problems of life; one instructed, as the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Hickman] has informed
us, in those motives which underlie all the actions
of men. I found him firm and dignified in deport-
ment. Itis true his struggles with adverse fortune
had clouded his brow, and that his face, in the
presence of his foes, ever wore a mingled look of
scorn an<^defiance, but for his friends he had a I
genial smile—an irresistible fascination. His look 1
was honest, and sincere, his voice firm and truth-
ful, and sometimes it had a manly melody which
caused it to penetrate into tho deepest recesses of
the human heart.
Sir, he was a born leader. Sitting in his silent,
solitary room in San Francisco, his wizard mind
went forth over the hills and through the valleys
of California, until the whole State was filled with
the breath of his power. He had an indomitable
will. Before it party names and party organiza-
tions disappeared, and men, under the spell of his
great spirit, forgot they were Republicans, forgot
they were Democrats, and only remembered with
pride that they were Bhodeiuck men. Pew men
with power to draw the masses to themselves, to
cause their multiform feelings to flow in the indi-
vidual channel of a single will, have appeared at
any time. Few have appeared in this country.
He, sir, had that gift. He had—
(t The mysteiy of commanding
The God-like power, the ait-Napoieon
Of winning, binding, wielding, banding
The hearts of millions till they move as one."
I say that this quality is rare. Men with it have
appeared at long intervals upon the shores of tune;
butVhen they have appeared, they have been the
idols of their race-
Mr. Broderick fell in the very dawn of his
career. Though he fWl thus early, yet he had
stamped the impress of his mighty mind upon the
affairs of the Pacific slope. No wiser brooded
over the chaos there. He aided in laying the
foundations of that new State. He aided in rear-
ing its fabric of government; and he did all he
could, sir, to fill it with tho pure soul of the peo-
ple. He believed in something. He believed that
he had. a mission to perform. He believed that
he was a champion of the people. Their wrongs
were his wrongs; their rights wore his rights.
His heart throbbed responsive to theirs, and their
wild and stormy passions rolled ever through his
soul. Following this line of duty, he fell into
conflict instantly with those tyrannic elements
which, in every society, arc seeking to destroy j
the rights of the people. .
Loving the people, jealous of their rights, he !
fought those elements with fierceness and with :
bitterness. No man knew better than he did the
requirements of his times. No man knew better
than he did the logic of events. No man knew
better than he did the hazard a man takes to him-
self who is really, earnestly, faithfully for the peo-
ple. He, sir, had read history, and knew what
had been the fate of the Roman Gracchi; but no
personal consequences to himself deterred him.
. Standing in that presence, scornful of corruption
^and of tyranny, m the majesty and grandeur of
his pure, stainless private and public life, looking
to his stormy past, looking into the dark future,
he saw, with the clear eye of his judgment, the
very point where he must abdicate the leadership
for the people's rights, or yield up his life. Sir,
he did not hesitate one moment. Many a man
here will remember how the shadow of the event
which is to clothe us in mourning this day was
upon him ere he left this city. He bade farewell
to his friends forever.
He had, as I saw stated to-day, selected—and
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Hickman]
himself has attested the fact here to-day—the very
man who was to speak for him upon this floor;
and one, speaking of him, with transcendent abil-
ity, describes his departure from his loved city of
New York; how, when he saw one dear object
after another sink beneath the waves the spire j
of the church,the palace,the hovel—a gloomcamc !
over him which his friends could not lift from his j
heart. He saw a hand they did not see, waving .
him perpetually toward the shadow-land. He
followed it with steady tread and fearless eye.
He is gone; and I will not penetrate that .shadow- j
land. He stands in the presence of the great :
Master of events, who will judge fairly between ;
him and those who sent him there. |
His body sleeps, as has been said, by a lone (
mountain, behind the city of his adoption. He t
has no kith nor kin who will go there to water that ,
lone grave with their tears; but the people who j
laid him down to his last resting place with their !
tears and their sobs—the people for whom he !
lived and for whom he died—as long as the sea- ;
sons shall come and go, as long as the great ocean ;
of the west shall ebb and flow through the Golden ,
Gates, will cherish and love the memory of David [
C. Broderick. j
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, we
are told that California's great Senator is dead! ■
If it were not so,'"every breeze that comes to us
from the Pacific bears upon its wings the sad ;
tidings of this great woe. Although I am the
last, yet I am not a less sincere mourner at his :
closing funeral rites. Selected by his friends to '
speak on this occasion, I come to pay to his mem- '
ory the tribute of a sincere and heartfelt sorrow
for his loss. I bring with me, sir, a knowledge
of his personal^character and public worth, aris-
ing from an acquaintance which, I am happy to
know, ripened into a sincere friendship. During
tho last session of Congress I occupied a seat at
the same table with him. His chair was directly
opposite mine. Our intercourse was free and fa-
miliar, and afforded me opportunities of studying
his character; and I shall speak of it, therefore,
briefly, as I knew it. Others have given the de-
tails of his short but eventful life.
At the commencement of the present session, I
returned to my accustomed place at the same table;
but, upon looking around it, I did not see Brod-
erick there! All the incidents of his melancholy
death rushed across my mmd, and I was led to
reflect what security foi reputation and life has a
conscientious and fearless public man like lnm.
The boldness of honesty and truth is too often
the gateway to detraction and death; while the
artful and wily politician and dissembler, by the
tricks of Ins art, passes on upon the highroad of
power and fame to bask 111 their sunshine.
It is too often the ease with those who re-
buke authority, denounce conuption, and vindi-
cate public morality and justice, that a hard fate
awaits tin m. David C. Broderick, the Irish
stone-mason's boy, who toiled at his father's
trade, and raised himself to eminence by lus own
great, energy and talents, early, and alas' sadly,
realized this bitter truth, and now sleeps the sleep
that knows 110 waking. The funeral cortege that
followed his remains to the grave is dispersed.
Another now fills his senatorial seat. Ho wife,
no child, 110 relative survives him. Who is there,
then, to weep for him? Who is there that will bring
incense to sprinkle upon his memory ? There runs
not a drop of his blood in any human veins. Ilis
once noble form is wrapped in a bloody shroud;
his manly voice is hushed in death; his flashing
eye has withered in its socket; and he who but
yesterday shone in the national Senate Chamber,
a star of the first magnitude, and moved among
his peers, possessing a vigorous physical frame,
free from disease, is now food for worms. Why,
oh! why, Mr. Speaker, all this' What had he
done, that he should pay the penalty of his life?
Why was his once bosom friend, who had 110 just
cause of quariel with him, his executioner?
When fccon template the proper answers to these
questions, the heart growh sick, the mmd reels
upon its throne, and I find no consolation ex-
cept that " He who doeth all things well," and
" whose ways are not man's ways, and are past
finding out," hath in them an inscrutable provi-
dence. Julius Caesar fell beneath twenty-three
bleeding and gaping wounds; but it was the stab
of Brutus that was the unkindest of them all. But
though Caesar entered Rome as a victorious gen-
eral, *1 violation of law, the conspirators who
struck him down gamed nothing by his death.
Justice sometimes comes with a slow and muffled
step, but as inevitably as destiny itself, and it
overtook each one of them sooner or later. It
starts the guilty in their midnight dreams, haunts
them in the arid desert, clings to them in the halls
of revelry, and whithersoever they go, theie it is
whispering to an uneasy and violated conscience.
I pretend not to say that the death of David C.
Broderick was the result of foul play; but many
think, if he had been less honest and independ-
ent, he would to-day be a living man ? What was
his offense ? What had he done that he should fall
by the hand of violence ? Why was he hunted from
place to place without just cause or provocation?
On truth's historic page will be recorded the re-
sponse to these questions; and the people of Cali-
fornia will read and understand them. He had
wronged no man; he had sought 10 quarrel with
none; but, as far as he believed duty and honor
would allow, avoided personal difficulty. Yet he
seemed a doomed man. It is true, that born of
poor but honest parentage, and toiling with his
hands for his daily bread, a child of obscurity,
and buffeted by misfortune's waves, he had looked
up from his lonely and solitary condition to
"fame's dread mount," whereon stood the rich,
the proud, and great, and dared to enter the list of
honorable competition for honorable fame.
Settling in a State possessing a heterogeneous
population; poor, without friends; scoffed at and
derided; he started out in a direct line for the goal
of his ambition, while those who were hisiivals,
and had gone to their new location invested with
the charms of acknowledged talent and fame, were
startled and alarmed that one in whose veins ran
only plebeian blood should be so bold and pre-
sumptuous as to jostle them from ambition's lad-
der. Nothing daunted by opposition, however,
and relying upon the energies of his own great
soul, his course was upward and onward, like the
eagle's flight, and in a few short years he was the
acknowledged head and leader of his State, while
his most powerful foe was prostrate at his feet,
asking his aid, and found him as magnanimous
as he was brave. Peihaps no man ever overcame
so many obstacles in so short a time. Without
the possession of more than ordinary mental fac-
ulties, he never could have done it.
He was, indeed, an extraordinary man. His
intellect was cast in a capacious mold; his energy
knew no tiring; and he was a moral hero that
stood for the right. He sacrificcd no principle to
expediency, acknowledged no leader but duty,
"and alike scorned the smiles and corruptions of
power. His allegiance he owed to the people
and their rights, and lie refused it to Presidents
and Cabinets, when desired for base purposes.
Always open and straightforward, there was 110
j dissimulation or guile in him. His language was
; the open, plain Anglo-Saxon language of frank-
ness and truth, and he called things by then- right
] names. A truer man, a more disinterested pa-
triot, a firmer hater of wrong and oppression,
j a more devoted and consistent friend, and purer
I public servant, never lived. No suspicion was
ever even whispered that corruption had tampered
with him, that bribery's base coin had adhered
to his fingers, or that he was in any way impli-
cated in schemes of public plunder. Temperate,
moral, simple, and frugal in his habits, and ad-
dicted to no vices, with all his aims his coun-
try's good, he trod life's path not as society's
spawn, but as one of nature's noblemen, looking
down from his lofty eminence upon his traducers,
and moving forward as a comet amid lesser plan-
ets, shedding a radiance in his pathway. He
knew 110 obligations but such as duty imposed,
and those he faithfully discharged. Direct, bold,
faithful, and single 111 his purpose, he never hesi-
tated, never wavered, never faltered, when right
and wrong were presented to him, which to choose.
His was no weak, doubting, cowardly Longue,
that was afraid to give utteiance to truth.
As a statesman, be had not the polish of those
educated in the schools—not their plausibility or
flowing language; but possessed a native vi^or
of intellect, expanded by reflection and reading,
which marked every effort of his forensic power.
Who that heard him, or who that has t>ead Ins
remarks, will ever forget his manly and eloquent
reply to South Carolina's proud and gifted Sen-
ator, who reflected 011 the laboring men of the
North in unjust terms1 It is, Mr. Speaker, no
disparagement to others to say, that no Senator
ever gained, 111 so shoit a time, so wide-spivad
a fame. Coming to this Capitol with the breath
