332
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 19,
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Slavery Question—Mr. Martin.
Ho. of Reps.
disunion as a refuge from existing and impending
evilsjn the Union. On the other side we behold
the free and prosperous people of the North ar-
rayed by large majorities in sectional combina-
tions against the people of the South; and in many
localities in the non-slaveholding States associa-
tions of men are formed and sustained in con-
temptuous defiance of the Federal authority, in
all instances affecting the constitutional guarantees
of slavery. They interrupt and defeat the exe-
cution of constitutional laws; and, both by mob
violence and judicial prostitution, they obstruct
and frustrate the process of United States courts,
and the precepts of the. United States Senate.
Theprejudiccs and jealousies of the constituencies
have been transferred to the Representative Cham-
bers in this Capitol. On this very floor, sir,
where daily assemble the popular Representatives
of the Confederacy, distrust and alienation are
disclosed on every hand. Scenes of general dis-
order multiply, and each recurring scene threat-
ens to culminate in collision and violence.
The riot at Harper's Perry a few months since
is commonly considered as the principal cause for
this unhappy state of the public mind. But, I
apprehend that little importance would be attached
to that disturbance, unaccompanied by the cir-
cumstances of preparation and encouragement to
their plans of murder and desolation and the pub-
he- demonstrations of sympathy for the cause in
which the unfortunate culprits lost their lives.
No greater mistake can be made than to impute
to any considerable number of the people of the
non-slaveholding States the slightest sympathy
for that murderous adventure. Such sympathy
was not necessary for its occurrence, nor can it
be obtained for its repetition. Those marauders
were doubtless encouraged by the unpatriotic
teachings of the leaders of the self-styled Repub-
lican party. For that party has notoriously and
unblushingly employed every epithet of dispar-
agement, and every form of misrepresentation of
the people and institutions of the slaveholding
States. Its orators and press have been too suc-
cessful in their efforts to incense the great mass of
the party with bitter hostility toward their con-
federate brethren of the South. And, alas! too
often has religious fanaticism been invoiced and
the sacred office debased in fomenting strife and
discontent under the wholesome restraints of ex-
isting laws. The thorough investigation now
being prosecuted before the Senate committee,
will, in my judgment, undoubtedly show that of
the teeming millions of the North but a very insig-
nificant and irresponsible number were actually
implicated in that raid. Nevertheless, sir, the
offense was of the gravest character.
The States of this Union, in the formation of
the Confederacy, deposed, to a very material ex-
tent, the character and functions of independent
sovereignties, and invested the central Govern-
ment with the duty and power of protecting each
and all the States. By the terms of the constitu-
tional compact, the States voluntarily deprived
themselves of the power to lay duties and keep
troops or ships of war in time of peace. These
high qualities of sovereignty are solely conferred
on the General Government; and the privileges
of citizenship are extended and guarantied alike to
all the citizens of the Confederacy. The General
Government is thus wisely adapted and fully ca-
pable to protect and defend the people of the sev-
eral States from foreign invasion. But the main
protection afforded to the people of one State
against invasions and incursions by the people of
another, is the sense of justice and fraternal duty
which has hitherto been all-sufficient. Yet, sir,
it is undoubtedly clear that if the people of any
section of the country arc constantly annoyed by
such murderous raids as the one to which I have
alluded, the very ends of government will be
defeated. The sanctity of home, the security
of life, liberty, and the protection of property,
are the legitimate ends of all good government.
Every citizen is entitled to the reasonable assur-
ance of these great rights. He is entitled to enjoy,
peaceably, and without fear of molestation, the
fruits of nis labor and the comforts of home, under
his own vine and fig-tree.
The outrage at Harper's Ferry, and the fre-
quent incursions into the border slaveholding
States for the purpose of stealing and running off
their slave property, are not only flagrant viola-
tions of the private rights of the persons injured,
but are also public crimes of the most serious im-
port. If such unwarrantable transactions are per-
sisted in, the direst political calamities will inev-
itably ensue. It can, in the end, be of little prac-
tical consequence to the sufferers, whether their
safety and security are imperiled and their prop-
erty lost, through the agency of entire communi-
ties, or occasional predatory bands of Abolition-
ists. The injury is the same. And if such infa-
mous practices involve the country in revolution,
the most lamentable consideration attending the
disaster will be that it was precipitated, notwith-
standing the protest, and contrary to the hopes
and aspirations of the vast majority of the people.
It is far from my design to say that a few ma-
rauders can, unaided, effect such calamitous re-
sults. A well-controlled and well-directed public
opinion in a country like ours is irresistible. It
is more powerful than armies. Under its search-
mgken, such combinations would never assemble;
such depredations would never escape punish-
ment. But, sir, a public opinion that grudgingly
yields its assent to the full and honest discharge
of constitutional obligations, a public opinion that
resorts to technical evasions, and justifies miser-
able quibbles, in order that confessed guilt may
go unpunished—such a public opinion is a poor
shield to the citizen and a poor bauier to the
transgressor. And can it be denied that among
masses of the people of the North such a public
opinion prevails? Witness the illegal annoyances
and frequent rioting that attends every effort of
the master to secure the reclamation of his fugi-
tive slave, pursuant to the laws and the Constitu-
tion. How irksome have become the restraints
oflaw ! How grievous the weightof constitutional
obligations ! How strong the disposition to re-
lieve the odium of crime, by ascribing to it the
sanctions of morality! Nothing, sir, is more
common than the apology of " higher law" for
flagrant political crimes and the embarrassment
of the judicial and executive officers of the land.
Nothing is clearer than that such apologies are
insincerely and hypocritically made, for the worst
and most demagogical purposes. For the most
part, the persons who advance such views are
well advised of the fallacy of their application to
the laws and institutions of this Government. Ig-
norance and fanaticism may excuse those who
are deceived by such teachings; but the sober
judgment of the people must arraign the treason-
able instigators of discontent, disloyalty, and re-
bellion, and visit upon them the execration they
so richly deserve.
Mr. Chairman, I have the highest respect—nay
admiration—for the man, howsoever much he may
err in judgment, who refuses his assent and obe-
dience to laws from honest convictions of moral
duty—whilst his hand refuses obedience, his neck
is bowed to receive the penalty. Heaven favors
this scheming world with no subiimer spectacle.
But, sir, there breathes no more insidious and
dangerous enemy to the public peace than he who,
employing the hopes and fears of religion, inflames
his fellow-citizens with the spirit of resistance to
the laws and Constitution of their country. An
ambition that would accept such a ladder to pro-
motion is of the lowest and worst type. A party
led on by such men, and animated with such a
spirit, cannot long exist in constitutional Republic.
Is it not much to be feared that the Repulic could
not long survive the ascendency of such a party?
Mr. Chairman, I have already indicated that the
dangerous and anomalous condition of the country
is not attributable to any one cause or transaction.
It is the result of many, extending through a pe-
riod of years, to which, in my judgment both the
great sections have contributed. Impartial history
will show that thcliarvcst of sectional animosities,
which now unhappily fills the whole land, had a
seed-time correspondingly extensive.
It is not my design, nor would the limits pre-
scribed by the rules of the House allow me, to
enter into an extended discussion, or even enu-
meration of these causes. To well-grounded con-
tinuing causes ofexcitementand irritation, I pro-
pose to invite the attention of the committee. And,
sir, I would premise my remarks on this subject
with the observation, that serious danger is not
to be apprehended from the full discussion of any
of the measures favored by either party. Just ap-
prehension of trouble cannot arise, either from
the discussion or practical disposition of ajay such
measures. No scheme of policy is noVcontem-
plated that has not heretofore been stffbjected to
severe criticism in Congress and before the coun-
try, and been happily arranged.
The great variety of questions relative to the
constitutional powers of Congress over States and
Territories; the right of the master to the recla-
mation of his fugitive slave, and the manner of en-
forcing it; the spoliation of slave property by State
action; the abolition of slavery in the District of
Columbia,and other similar subjects,arcnotnew
or untried in our political history. It is true that
the discussion of these great questions was always
characterized by great zeal, and sometimes with
intemperance. But it is equally true that our ex-
perience shows that there is nothing in the intrin-
sic character of these subjects that places them
beyond the pale of judicious settlement, or that
renders an improper disposition of them intolera-
ble. And that experience is fully sustained by
the practical workings of the Federal system so
well adapted to provide against inconsiderate and
unjust legislation, and to protect each citizen and
State from its evil consequences. The careful dis-
position of legislative powers in two Houses of
Congress, so differently constituted, and the su-
pervisory and veto powers of the Executive com-
bined, have proved eminently satisfactory. To
this is superadded the judicial department, fully
charged with the power and duty to protect the
citizen from any invasion,even by Congress itself,
of his constitutional rights. Rarely, indeed, can
a measure of rank injustice pass these ordeals.
There have been instances of impolitic legislation
approved by them; but redress has always been
found in "the sober second thought of the peo-
ple." This deliberate public opinion is the final
and most impartial arbiter. Itundcrlies and per-
vades all our institutions. Notwithstanding the
checks and balances of our political machinery,
the entire system rests upon and is controlled by
the omnipotent arm of the people. Temporary
delusions may involve them in passion and trouble.
The Government itself may be wrecked m an hour
of rashness and gloom. But, sir, the American
people, having no selfish ends to attain, and grate-
fully appreciating the blessings bestowed by the
Republic, with every hope and aspiration center-
ing on the welfare of posterity, will ever as form-
erly, under the inspiration of " the sober second
thought," vindicate their title to self-government
by the impartial administration of our written Con-
stitution. 1 repeat, then, that there are no measures
proposed, or likely to be proposed, that may not
safely and satisfactorily be disposed of, or against
the evils of which ample provision is not made.
Whence, then, the hourly-coming portents of
internal trouble and disaster? From issues of quite
a different sort. They come from the issues of
sectional animosity unhappily joined between
confederated States and brethren. These are the
issues of sectional pride and jealousy. Each sec-
tion charges the other with sinister and unfriendly
designs. Crimination and recrimination are the
order of the day. It is this fell spirit of partisan
rancor and sectional hate that for two months de-
layed the organization of this House, amid scenes
of disgraceful disorder, paralyzing the most im-
portant branch of the Government. Sir, no human
government has ever provided a remedy for dis-
putes like these. For differences of judgment, civil
remedies abound; but for deep-seated jealousies
and animosities between States and people, there
is no appeal but to the sword.
Mr. Chairman, in this critical emergency every
dictate of patriotism points to a single duty—the
duty of mutual forbearance. We must rise su-
perior to the trammels of party. We must dis-
card local prejudices, and regard with affection and
brotherly kindness the men and interests of every
section. Otherwise, the clouds which now lower
over our heads, and the darkness that surrounds
us, will settle down, in a night that has no dawn,
on the most perfect system of free government ever
baptized by the blood of patriotism, or favored
with the smiles of an all-wise Providence.
