1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GlLOBE.
2#$
Mr. KILGORE. The House has made no de-
cision.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon an
appeal from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. KILGORE. I ask if the Chair has an-
nounced the decision upon the motion to lay upon
the tabic ?
Mr. H1NDMAN. Will it be in order to vote
to sustain the decision of the Chair?
The SPEAKER. That is always in order.
The question is, Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the House ?
The question was put; and it was decided in
the affirmative.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indi-
ana is entitled to the floor; but the Chair thinks
it is not in order to go into a mere censure upon
the House. I have never so held, and never will.
The extent of my decision was, that when agen-
tleman is called upon for an excuse, some latitude
must be allowed him. The state, the condition of
his health, the continuance of the session, are all
legitimate subjects to be noticed, in the opinion of
the Chair.
Mr. PETTIT. I may, perhaps, find some dif-
ficulty in making myself heard while gentlemen
are indulging somewhat in conversation around
tne. I am confident that the Speaker did not in-
tend to imply that I had any purpose of speaking
censoriously of the House. I utterly disclaim any
such motive, and tile very little I have so far been
been allowed to say, in this reign of disorder,
wholly contradicts it. I was seeking to give my
reasons; and an experience here, not brief, has
satisfied me of the propriety of my conduct When
I went home last evening, the gentleman from
North Carolina [Mr. Craige] had made it evi-
dent to the House, before going into the commit-
tee even, that he should insist upon the rule that
nothing should be done unless a quorum was
present. I submit that the gentleman from North
Carolina did properly in doing so. It was his
right to demand thataquorum should be present;
and it was not our right to compel him to sur-
render his objection. There can be no action of
any kind whatever properly taken, within the con-
stitutional prescription, unless there is a majority
here at the time. When I felt confident that it
was the purpose of that gentleman—and it was
made plain by conversation upon the floor—that
no business should be transacted without a legal
majority, I felt less difficulty in reference to re-
maining.
Before I was interrupted, a moment ago, I was
saying that we were under an annual engagement
to serve the country—not a limited one, to expire
011 the 18th of .Tune, but running through the
year, and for which we had provided a very lib-
eral compensation for ourselves. A few days
since a resolution was offered, 111 opposition to
what I thought was sound policy, proposing to
adjourn 011 the 18th of June.
Mr. HICKMAN. I rise to a question of order.
The. gentleman is going beyond the record.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman must con-
fine his remarks to reasons why he absented him-
self from the House.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The question of
order is raised,and I desire the Chair to decide it.
I want to ask a question. [" Order !" " Order!"]
Mr. BOULIGNY. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia has no right to speak. He has been ar-
rested; and he is m contempt of the House.
Mr. WOODSON. 1 desire to know if, after a
member lias been arrested, he must be discharged
before he can he recognized. ["Order!"] I un-
derstand the gentleman lias not been arrested.
Mr. HICKMAN. It has been decided, again
and again, that it is necessary. Absence is con-
tempt.
M r. SMITH, of Virginia. My point is this 
Mr. BOULIGNY. I call the gentleman to
order. He has no right to the floor.
Tiie SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indiana
Will proceed.
Mr. PETTIT. What I said a moment ago I
understand to be urged as not being within my
privilege of furnishing an excuse. The Chan-
decided thatitwas. Upon the last occasion, when
there was a call of the House, theie was a pend-
ing proposition carrying upon its face nearly sev-
enteen million dollars.
Mr. BOULIGNY. I positively call the gen-
tleman to order; and I call for the decision of the
Chair upon the point. We do not want to hear
about millions of dollars. We want to hear ex-
cuses, and nothing else.
Mr. DUNN. ■ I call the gentleman from Louis-
iana to order.
Mr. PETTIT. I would like, in connection
with the point made a moment ago, to have the
Clerk read the resolution, adopted a wees ago
last Monday, providing for the adjournment of
Congress, together with the yeas and nays on
adopting that resolution.
Mr. HICKMAN. I object to that.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order. The
House cannot go back to that.
Mr. BOULIGNY. It is evident the gentleman
from Indiana wishes to occupy the whole time of
the House in making excuses that are irrelevant
to his case altogether. I see that he is very much
embarrassed, and cannot excuse himself. There
is no reason why he should be-excused. I move
that he be fined. He knows that what he is say-
ing is all out of order, and he wants to dodge and
escape by these subterfuges. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The resolution as to the final
adjournment is not within the range of debate.
Mr. BOULIGNY. With the permission of
the gentleman from Indiana, I will make a mo-
tion. Will the gentleman give way?
Mr. PETTIT. Is the gentleman from Louis-
iana entitled to the floor?
The SPEAKER. No, sir; the gentleman from
Indiana is entitled to the floor to make his excuse.
The gentleman from Louisiana is not in order.
Mr. PETTIT. Well, I yield to the gentleman
from Louisiana, to hear what ho has to say.
Mr. BOULIGNY. I have great respect for
my friend from Indiana, and I wish to make a
motion on his behalf. I see that my friend is very
much embarrassed, and I have seen other mem-
bers equally so. I wish to relieve him from his
embarrassment by making this motion, that the
gentleman from Indiana, who is a very clever,
nice gentleman, [laughter.] be excused on pay-
ing the usual fees; and 011 that I call the pievious
question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation,
Mr. Bokligny's motion was agreed to.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, (at nine o'clockand forty-
five minutes, a. m.) I will make but one more
effort to stop this proceeding. 1 therefore move,
that the House do now adjourn; and on that I
call the yeas and nays, so that we may see who
it is that desires to continue this proceeding.
Mr. SPINNER. If the House should adjourn
now, it could only adjourn for an hour.
Mr. ASHLEY. The other side of the House
might as well understand, first as last, that this
House will not adjourn until the gentleman from
New York [Mr. McKean] makes lus speech.
Mr. VALLANDIGIIAM. Does the gentle-
man from Ohio make that announcement by au-
thority?
Mr. ASHLEY. I speak for a number of men
on this side?
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I send him back,
greeting, that the gentleman from New Yoik shall
not speak without a quorum.
The question being on ordering the yeas and
nays 011 the motion to adjourn,
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I ask for a count.
I thmk we ought to finish these proceedings, at
least so far as regards those who are at the bar
of the House.
Mr. BOULIGNY. Will the gentleman yield
me the floor for a moment' I thmk I can settle
the whole difficulty.
Mr. ASHLEY. 1 rise to a point of order,
which is this: that there are but two motions 111
order—a motion to adjourn, and a motion to sus-
pend further proceedings in the call.
The SPEAKER. That is so.
Mr. BOULIGNY. I now .make a motion, so
as to finish up the business; because it is a long
and tedious business, and sume gentlemen are
not very well pleased with it. [Laughter.]
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. What is the ques-
tion, Mr. Speaker. _
Mr. BOULIGNY. The gentleman will hear
it when I make it. 1 wish to get through with
this disagreeable question. My motion, therefore,
is, that all the absentees who have not yet been
brought to the bar of the House be fined m the
fees: and on that I call the previous question.
Mr. NOELL. 1 object to that. ,
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to a-question of or-
der. That same motion was mad^ tlie other day,
when there was a call of the House, and was ruled
out of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that the
House cannot fine a man until he is present to
answer.
Mr. SPINNER. You cannot have a judgment
against a man until he is arrested.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I ask that the.cal}
of the delinquents be proceeded with.
The name of Mr. Noell was called.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Noell, you have been
absent from the sitting of the House without the
leave of the House. What excuse have you to
render for your absence?
Mr. NOELL. I will state to the House, very
briefly, that I left the House sick, yesterday even-
ing at six o'clock. After remaining eight hours
and a half without refreshment, I did not feel
well enough to remain longer. I therefore re-
tired, and never heard anything of the call of the
House till after I got up this morning. I took a
cup of coffee, came up here, knocked at the door,
and was admitted. I am not now even well enough
to remain.
Mr. BOULIGNY. It is evident that the gen-
tleman from Missouri is not well, and, therefore,
I move that he be excused.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move to excuse him on pay*
mentof the usual fees.
The motion was agreed to.
The name of Mr. Dimmick was called.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Dimmick, you have
been absent from the sitting of the House with-
out the leave of the House. What excuse have
you to render for your absence?
Mr. DIMMICK. It is well known to some
membeis 011 this floor 
Mr. BONHAM. I move to reconsider the vote
excusing Mr. Noell 011 the payment of fees.
The gentleman was not heard by the House.
Mr. SPINNER. The excuse of the gentleman
was that he was sick and left the House. If he
had asked the consent of the House it would have
given, as it was given to many members. It was
a contempt of the House to leave without its con-
sent.
The vote was not reconsidered.
Mr. DIMMICK. I was remarking, Mr.
Speaker, that it is woll known to some members
on this floor that for the last three months my
health has not been very good; and for the last
week or ten days 1 have been under the care of a
doctor. I sat here last night till twenty minutes
before eleven; and, owing to the bad atmosphere
and the heat from above, I had quite a sick head-
ache. I thought I owed my first duty to myself,
for the preservation of my health, and I therefore
left the House.
Mr. LONGNECICER. Oh, no. Your first
duty was to your country.
Mr. BOULIGNY. The gentleman's excuse
is a good one,and I move that he be excused upon
the payment of the usual fees.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I hope not. The
gentleman was sick, and should be excused un-
conditionally.
Mr. BOULIGNY. If that is the fact, I will
modify my motion so as to discharge the gentle-
man without the payment of fees.
The motion, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. BOULIGNY. I move to rcconsider the
vote by which the gentleman from Missouri [Mr.
Noell] was ordered to be discharged on the pay-
mentoffees. I understand that he was sick. If
he was, he is entitled to an unconditional dis-
charge.
The motion was agreed to; and the question re-
curred on excusing Air. Noell, on the payment
of fees.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I hope my col-
league will restate his excuse. I believe it was
not generally understood.
Mr. NOELL. My statement was, that I had
remained here all day quite unwell. I disclosed
that fact to the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. BiiFfinttonJ before I left the House. I went
to my lodgings and heard nothing about any call
of the House until this morliing after I got up.
I then heai d the fact. I cams here without notice
