1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1775
California, and when they find rich mines they
establish laws for the regulation of their con-
duct; for the maintaining of each individual in his
rights; and they lay off the claims as agreed by
the law of mining, sixty feet, if you please, on the
gulch in length, and twenty feet in width, or one
hundred and fifty feet, us may be agreed upon.
They work in good faith, and observe, in all in-
stances, the law of the minor himself; the law en-
acted by him. That is the only law for the reg-
ulation of miners and their interests that can be
adopted. Now, sir, this amendment to the bill
contains a very important provision. Itprovides:
"That it shall be lawful ior any citizen of the United
States or for any person who may have declared his intention
to become a citizen of the United States, who shall be an
actual settler, to enter upon and remain on any public land
of the United States, contauiingininerals, not specially re-
served foi public uses, within the States of California and
Oregon, and to work tho mines on taid lands for their own
use and benefit, according to the laws and usages of the
said States, respectively, and rvopeiaon who has heretofore
worked said mines shall be legarded as a trespasser against
the United States.'''
Now, is there a Senator here who would say
that a man who has gone into that country and
worked in the mines,'and developed the hidden
wealth of that country, reclaimed it from its nat-
ural depositand brougiitit into circulation, should
be held responsible for it? Should he be consid-
ered a trespasser on the public domain who has
done so much to afford a circulating medium to
the whole country, who has done so much to add
to the wealth of this country and to the world?
Mr. President, in the adjoining county to my
own residence a mine has lately been discovered,
richer than ever before discovered on the face of
the earth, that will perhaps yield hundreds of
millions of dollars. It has been discovered at the
base of a mountain at the edge of a valley. The
valley itself is well suited to cultivation, but at the
edge of the mountain, where this mine has been
discovered, it is wholly unfit for cultivation—
wholly unfit for any other use than that of bearing
gold. Men are now at work there, by their labor
turning out a thousand dollars a day, not for their
own benefit so much as for the benefit of the coun-
try; not for the enriching merely of the man who
has had the good fortune to discover such mines,
but for affording a circulating medium and the
richest metals to the country for the benefit of all
of them. Would you call that man a trespasser?
Would you hold him responsible who has done so
much in developing the wealth of the country?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I hope the Sen-
ator will allow me to ask him a question at that
point of his argument. He speaks of the miner
being regarded as a trespasser. If that were so
in point of fact, of course I would go for some-
thing at once, and be in a hurry to agree to it. I
desire to ask him if the Government of the United
States, or any officer of the United States, has
taken any step against these parties, and treated
them as trespassers ? Is that the fact?
Mr. LANE. I will say to my friend, so far as
I know, the United States has not regarded any
miner as a trespasser.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Nor treated them
as such.
Mr. LANE. Still the United States might in-
terfere with the men working the mines in that
country, and it is right to protect these people
from any such danger. I think it would be well
to protect them from any such danger as they may
lay themselves liable to.
I only desire to add, Mr. President, that I can
sec no good reason why this should not become
a portion of the bill, which I regard as a very
good one, a bill lor which I can now most cheer-
fully vote, and. a bill that I trust will become the
law of the land: for it contains provisions calcu-
lated to promote the settlement of the country,
and afford to the man who is notable to pay $200
for a quarter section of land an opportunity of
obtaining a home at a liberal price, upon such
terms as will insure to every man who desires a
home an opportunity of getting one. All that can
be should be done to encourage the settlement of
the country, to reduce your forest to cultivated
fields, and to place it in the power of the work-
ing man, the poor man, who has a family to sup-
port, who all depend upon his labor, to get for them
a little home. I look upon the bill, therefore, as
a good one; one which, as Isaid before, I trust
will become a law; but I think this amendment
ought to go with it. If I had reflected more upon
it; if our time had not been taken up so entirely
upon the consideration of the bill, before this
amendment was brought up for consideration in
committee, I think it likely that' it would have
been reported perhaps as a portion of the bill; but
it was not done, and it is right that it should be
adopted now.
Why, Mr. President, you or any man who has
not been in the mines would be astonished at the
amount of labor performed by the miners in that
country. They have done more excavating, they
have performed more labor, they have removed
more mountains, turned more beds of rivers, and
dug out more gulches than would have been suf-
ficient to have graded a railroad from the Missis-
sippi river to the Pacific; not for their benefit en-
tirely; not for their use exclusively; not for the
benefit of one portion of the country, but for the
benefit of this, our entire country. Then why
would you not protect them in the right of min-
ing without danger of interruption ? Why would
you not strengthen this bill by adding this amend-
ment to it, and let us go home to our people and
tell them, while we know you are excluded from
the benefits of this homestead law, yet we have
provided that you shall have a right of working
mines under your own laws that have been rec-
ognized by your own States and by your own
courts, whose decisions are based upon the law
of the miner; that whatever his right was it should
not be interfered with. I ask that this amend-
ment may bo adopted, and that it may become a
portion of this bill. In doing this, Senators will
promote the interests of the laboring man, the
miner, and the agriculturist, who desire to appro-
priate their time cither in mining or in reducing
the forests and the prairies to cultivated fields.
Mr. GWIN. My colleague and the Senator i
from Oregon have answered so much in detail tho j
objections to this amendment, that I do not con- '
sider it necessary for me to go very much at large
into the question. I agree with the Senator from
Oregon, that the provision in regard to persons
who have signified their intention to become citi-
zens of tho United States is right and proper.
There are a vast number of foreigners—the best
miners, probably, in the State, who have but re-
cently arrived in California—who will be excluded
from the privileges of this act; who have signified
their intention and will become citizens within the
time they could get a title under the general bill,
to which this is proposed as an amendment. For
instance, they cannot get a title under this bill
until they have settled on it five years, and in the
mean time it is intended to permit these parties to
work tho mines without any title, and they will
by that time become citizens of the United States.
But, sir, I am so anxious to pass this amendment;
I know it is so important to my constituents, and,
as I believe, nearly the only benefit that can result
to them from the passage of this bill, that I am
willing to meet the objections of Senators who
otherwise are in favor of thisamendment, by strik-
ing out tliat feature in regard to persons not nat-
uralized.
I do not like to strike it out, because I know it
is important to thousands of our best settlers who
have signified their intention to become citizens;
but at the same time it is a matter of great con-
sequence to my constituents, and those of my
friend from Oregon, to have this amendment in-
corporated in the bill, as I think lean show.
There is another objection made by the Sena-
tor from Arkansas that I shall remedy by a modifi-
cation of my amendment. He says it gives a pos-
session to these parties that will be perpetual, and
equivalent to giving them a title to tlieland. Now,
I propose, in theeighth line, after the words " work
the mines on said lands for their own use and ben-
efit, "to insert "until otherwise provided by law."
I am willing for that to be put in. I do not wish
to divest the title in fee to these mineral lands out
of the United States. That is not my object; that
is not the intention of this amendment at all. It
is merely intended to legalize the working of the
mines, as they have been worked for ten years,
according to the usages of the miners themselves
that have been recognized by our courts and_ by
the laws of the States of Oregon and California.
Now, sir, there is no parallel in the case of the
mineral lands in the Territories at all. There
they have no mining regulations; there they have
no law on the subject. When the time comes for
Drotecting them, as the citizens of California and
Oregon should be protected by the passage of this
amendment, according to their laws and their
usages, I am ready to do it; but they have no
mining laws at present, and hence we cannot
legislate intelligently and usefully for the Terri-
tories.
Mr. President, there are more settlers on tlis
public domain in the State of California, in my
judgment, than in every other State in the Union.
There are over a hundred thousand settlers on the
public lands in the State of California. We have
heretofore, in order to quiet the uneasiness of set-
tlers on the agricultural lands there, passed a law
extending the right of preemption to unsurveyed
lands, and that has been done in Oregon and in
Minnesota also. There isafeelingof disquietude
among all the settlers upon the public lands, if
they are trespassers there according to the laws
Of the United States. Hence, in 1853, seven years
ago, we passed a law through Congress giving
the right of preemption to unsurveyed lands in
the State of California. We had no surveyed
lands there. It was intended to remove the dis-
quietude that exists among the settlers in new
countries when they are upon the lands of the
United States as trespassers. It worked like a
charm there. It has been followed in Oregonand
Minnesota, and other States,and has operated in
the most beneficial manner. But, sir, the miners,
the great mass of the population in our State, have
had no such legislation for their benefit. There
is a discrimination against theni. All that is now
asked is, that you will legalize their possession
and working of tho mines, without giving any
title. I propose to amend my amendment in ac-
cordance with a proposition which the Senator
from North Carolina [Mr. Bragg] lias prepared,
and which I will accept, simply to give the legal
right to work the mines until Congress shall fur-
tlier legislate on this subject.
Mr. President, there are, as I said, a hundred
thousand American citizens—there are more than
that—but there are a hundred thousand miners in
these mines; and it is intended to simply legalize
their remaining in their present occupation ac-
cording to the laws and usages that have been
established and recognized by the States of Cali-
fornia and Oregon. It is almost the only benefit
that this bill can confer upon us; and if you intend
to pass a law for the benefit of settlers on the pub-
lic lands, why noj^grve to the miners the benefit
of a mere possession until Congress chooses to
legislate further ?
Wc have already tried it. The Senator from
Arkansas is mistaken when he says we have not
consulted the Department in regard to this ques-
, tion. We consulted with the Secretary of the
i Interior seven years ago, when we proposed to
' stop the collisions between the miners and the oc-
! cupants of town lots; and, after great deliberation,
j the clause that I read yesterday was adopted, and
I it has worked like a charm. You have legalized
1 the occupants of town lots in the mineral region
in the possession of their little homes and garden
I spots; you have legalized their possession for
j those purposes alone, and it has worked well to
that extent; and this is merely to carry out the
same line of policy, and apply it to the mines.
There is no possible injury that can result to
any section of the country from the adoption of
this amendment. It is proper that it should go
into this bill, which makesa disposition of all the
public land. I understand that it is the only
amendment that will be offered to the bill. There
is a certainty of the passage of the bill through
this body. There is scarcely a shadow of opposi-
tion to it, in my judgment; and I appeal to Sen-
ators from all sections of the country—as we have
in the mines representatives of ail the States, and
of every neighborhood, and as gentlemen are le-
gislating for their forfflerconstituen ts as well as for
mine—not to throw obstacles in the way of this
proposition, which is simply to give to the miners
of California the privilege of occupying the mines
without being regarded as trespassers.
The Senator from Arkansas speaks about the
expense. What expense has there been in the
mines of California? You do not survey them;
you have only run the township lines.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I did not say
anything about expense.
Mr. GWIN. You said we were going to give
this privilege without providing for a return of the
expense.
