3720
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6.
by the Sergeant-at-Arms, voluntarily, knocked at
the door, and was admitted.
- M*. Noell was then discharged from arrest
unconditionally.
Mr. THOMAS. I move that when the House
adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Friday evening.
Mr. SPINNER. That motion is not in order.
During the call of the House no motion is in order,
except the motion to adjourn, and to dispense with
forthe'r proceedings in the call.
The SPEAKER. The motion is certainly not
in order while there is no quorum present.
Mr. SMITH, of North Carolina. I desire to
state, that when the call of the House commenced,
there were about seventy members present. 1
suppose at least sixty have been brought in since
that time,- and 1 do not understand how it can be
that no quorum is present.
" Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I give notice that
as soon as we have disposed of the cases of the
members who are here under arrest, I will move
to dispense with all further proceedings in the
call.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to know if a quo-
rum is now present?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
a quorum is present.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I movcthatall further
proceedings in the call be dispensed with.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Very well. I am
willing to try the motion now. 1 ask for the yeas
and nays upon the motion.
> Mr. LOVEJOY. i rise to a question of order.
I submit, that while gentlemen are here under
arrest, their cases must be disposed of; and no
motion is in order until they have rendered their
excuses.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that,
inasmuch as to dispense with all further proceed-
ings in the call would have the effect of excusing
ali those gentlemen, the motion is in order.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I will withdraw
the call for the yeas and nays, and call for tellers.
Mr. COLFAa. I appeal to gentlemen to agree
to the motion to dispense with further proceed-
ings in the call. If the object of the call was to
obtain a quorum, it becomes us, as legislators,
when wo nave attained that object, to dispense
with further proceedings. If we are to wait until
these mernhers who have been brought in have
been permuted to make their excuses, by the time
we have excused these who are already here, a
dozen more will be brought in, and we shall be
kept here all day.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I ask that the Serjeant-
at-Arms shall be permitted to repot t the names
of absentees who have not been brought m, so
that th( y may go on the record.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will suggest to
the gentleman that the record will show that.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Then I hope the motion
will be agreed to, and all further proceedings
under the call be dispensed with.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I desire to,make an
appeal to the gentleman from New York, to with-
draw his motion until wc can rescind an order
made during the night, which is in violation of
the laws of the country, and in violation of the
Constitution of the United States—an order re-
quiring the executive officer of the House to break
open doors, and use violence, which no law will
authorize. I rise to appeal to the gentleman from
New York to withdraw his motion, until we can
reconsider and rescind that order.
Mr. BOULIGNY. Tin? gentleman was not
here during the night, and he has no right to
make the motion.
Mr. LANDRUM. I call for the yeas and nays
upon suspending all further proceedings.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. VALLA NDIGHAM. I call for tellers
upon that motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Burlikgame
and John Cochrane were appointed.
Mr. BURCH. I desire to inquire whether gen-
tlemen who are here under arrest can vote upon
this question ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the gentle-
man cannot raise the question at this time.
Mr. BURCH. 1 am here in obedience to the
summons of the Sergeant-at-Arms, and I desire
to know whether I am permitted to vote.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has decided that
the gentleman cannot vote.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 65, noes 35.
So all further proceedings in the call were dis-
pensed with.
Mr. M1LLWARD. 1 rise to a question of
order. It is that gentlemen voted upon the count
who are not entitled to vote, because they are un-
der ao-est. If their votes are not counted, there
is no quorum hero.
The SPEAKER. The matter has been dis-
posed of, and the question is now upon the motion
to adjourn.
Mr. MILLWARD. I insist upon my point.
Gentlemen who were under arrest have voted, and
therefore the vote was not a legal one.
Mr. BOULIGNY. Governor Smith, of Vir-
ginia, is one of them.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I am not under
arrest.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I ask for the an-
nouncement of the last vote.
The SPEAKER. It was—ayes 65, noes 35.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Now, I rise to a
point of order. It is, that no quorum has voted
upon the motion to suspend further proceedings
under the call.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has expressly
decided that all further proceedings under the call
were dispensed with.
Mi. JOHN COCHRANE. Then, I now move
that when this House adjourns it adjourn to meet
on Friday next.
Mr. COLFAX. There being no quorum pres-
ent, that motion cannot be made. I move that
the House resolve itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union; and upon
that motion I call for the yeas and nays,
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that
neither of the motions is in order. The motion
to adjourn over is not in order, there being no
quorum present. The other motion is not in or-
der, because there is amotion to adjourn pending;
and upon that we are bound to take a vote.
Mr. SPINNER. I call for the yeas and nays
upon the motion to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 46, nays 84; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Allen, Avery, Bonham, Biabson,
Branch, Bristow,"fturch, James Cranj, Bui ton Craige, John
G. Davis, Do Jarnctte, Ethcridcre, Florence, Guitroll, Har-
deman, John T. Hams Hill, Hmdman, Dolman, William
Ilowaid, fCunkcI, Landium, Logan, Love, Mallory, May-
naid, McQueen, Montgomciy, Lubau T. Moore, Nelson,
NTooJf, Pendleton, Pngli, .Tames C. Robin&on, William
Smith, STallwoith, Stanton, James A. Stewart, Stout,
Tlioma.s, Underwood, Vallandigham, Waldrou, Whiteley,
Window, and Wnght—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Chailes F. Adams, Green Adams, Ald-
ricli, YVilIiam 0. Anderson, A* l)lev, Ban*, Iieale, Bingham,
tilaii, Blake, Bouhgny, Biajton, Buninton, Builingamc,
Buiuham, Caiter, Ca.^c, John Cochrane, C"llax, Davidson,
II. Winter Davis, Delano, Dimmick, Duell, Dunn, Edger-
ton, Edwnids. Eliot, Ely, EngliMi, Fenton, Ferry, Foster,
Frank, Firnoh, Gooch, Graham, Hale, Ilatton, llelmick,
William A. Howard, Irvine, Junkm, Francis W. Kellogg,
Kenyon, Kilsore, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, Lovejoy, Maclay,
Cli.ule  D. Marrm, Mclvcan,Millwaul,Mooihead, Morrill,
Nixon, Perry, Pettit, Potter, Pottle, Bieo, Christopher Rob-
ins-on, Itoyce, Schwauz, Shciman, Spaukling, Spinner,
Stevens, William Stewart, Stokes, Stratum, Thayer, The-
akei, Tompkins, Tiatn, Tiimble, Van Wyck, Yerice, Wal-
ton, Israel Washburn, Webster, Wells, Wilson, and Win-
i dom—8-1.
So the House refused to adjourn.
During the vote,
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE said; When will we
adjourn to under this motion, if we adjourn ?
The SPEAKER. Until eleven o'clock.
Mr. SPINNER. You will adjourn forty min-
utes, as it is now ten minutes past ten.
Mr. ADAMS, of Kentucky, said: I am under
arrest, and 1 presume 1 will not be permitted to
! vote.
I The SPEAKER. Asall proceedings under the
| call are dispensed with, gentlemen are discharged
j from arrest, and are at liberty to vote.
I Mr. THEAKER. That motion was carried
by the votes of those who were under arrest, and
I make that point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot make
that point, as the House is now voting upon an-
other matter. And further than that, the other
| motion has been disposed of.
Mr. SPINNER. I called for the yeas and nays
upon the other motion, time and again, but the
Speaker would not hear me.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I call the gentleman
from New York to order.
Mr. BONHAM. I rise to a point of order.
Before the Chair decided that question, I dis-
tinctly heard the honorable member from Ne\v
York call for the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The yeas and nays upon
that motion had been refused.
Mr. BONIIAM. With great respect, I differ
from the Chair.
Mr. NOELL. I distinctly heard the Speaker
state that the yeas and nays were refused.
The SPEAKER: They wore refused.
Mr. SPINNER. I move to reconsider that
motion.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. It is too late now. The
House is engaged in calling the roll. •
Mr. COLFAX moved to dispense with the
reading of the names.
Mr. LANDRUM objected.
The result was announced as above recorded.
Mr. HINDMAN. Is it a fact that all further
proceedings under the call have been dispensed
with ?
The SPEAKER,. It is.
Mr. COLFAX. I move that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union upon the fortification bill.
Mr. LANDRUM. I demand the yeas and
nays.
Mr. KUNKEL. Before the motion is put, -I
move that when this House adjourns, it adjourn
till Friday next.
Mr. COLFAX. The motion comes too late, as
the question was put by the Speaker on the mo-
tion to go into committee; and the House is now
dividing upon a call for the yeas and nays.
The "SPEAKER. The yeas and nays were
called for, and the motion was being put on the
call for the yeas and nays. Under these circum-
stances, the gentleman from Maryland has tho
right to make his motion.
Mr. COLFAX. I appeal to gentlemen upon
the other side of the House 
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. It is too late to
appeal now.
Mr. COLFAX. I will state that I have had no
part in tho deliberations of the last twenty-four
hours, except to occupy the chair as your servant
during the night session. The gentleman from
New York was speaking last evening in commit-
tee, and a gentleman upon that side of the House
laised the point that there was no quorum present.
Mr. GARTRELL. Is this debate in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. COLFAX. I only desire to endeavor to
restore the good temper ofthe House.
Mr. SPINNER. I desire to make a sugges-
tion to gentlemen in reference to adjourning over.
This is really Wednesday, in a parliamentary
sense, and not Thursday. If you adjourn, you
adjourn only for half an hour.
Mr. KUNKEL. The motion is to adjourn
over until Friday morning, at eleven o'clock.
The yeas and nays were ordered on tho motion
of Mr. Kunkel,
The question was put; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 45, nays 88; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Green Adams, Avery, Barksdale, Burch,
Burnett, John Cochrane, Davidson, lteubcn Davis, De Jar-
nettc, Florence, Gaitrell, Gilmer, Hamilton, John T. Har-
ris, Hmdman, William Howard, Jackson, Kunkel, Lan-
drum, Love, Maclay, Mallory, Charles D. Martin, Maynard,
McQueen, Laban T. Moore, Nelson, Pendleton, Pugh,
Iteagan, Seott, William Smith, William N. II. Smith,
Stalhvorth, Stevenson, James A. Stewart, Stout, Taylor,
Thomas, Underwood, Vallandigham, Webster, Wiuteley,
Winslow, and Wright—45.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Aldrieb, Alien, Wil-
liam C. Anderson, Ashley, Bingham, BKur, Blake, Bou-
lijrny, Branch, Brayton, Brtoow, Buffinton, Burlmgame,
Buinham, Carey, Case, Colfax, Covode, James Craig, John
i G. Davis, Delano, Duell, Dunn, Edgeiton, Ldwai ds, Eliot,
Ely, English, Etherid^c, Fenton, Ferry, Fooler, Fiank,
French, Gooch, Graham, Hale, Ilatton, Ilelmick, Hill,
Wiliiam A. Howard, Humphrey, Irvine, Junkm, Ftancis
W. Kellogg, Kenyon, Kikrore, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee,
Longneekei, Loomis, Lovejoy, MeKean, Milhvard,Mont-
gomery, Moorhead,MoiriII, Nixon, Noell,Perry, Pettit, Pot-
ter, Pottle, Rice, Christopher Robinson, Royce, Schwattz,
Sherman, Spauldiug, Spinner. Stevens, William Stewart,
Stokes, Stratton. Thayer, Theaker, Tompkins, Train,
Trimble, Van Wyck, Verree, Waldron, Walton, Wilson,
Windom, Wood,'and Woodruli—S8.
So the House refused to adjourn over.
Mr. COLFAX. I want to move to go into
committee; but before i do that, I hope the House
will hear a suggestion from the gentleman from
North Carolina, [Mr. Winslow,] who is about
to make a proposition.
