756
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
February 14,
of tl;e City Councils of Washington, asking Con-
gress to grant the corporation power to issue stock
for building the new center market-house; which
was referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia. ^
ADMISSION OF KANSAS.
The -PRESIDING OFFICER also presented
a printed paper, certified by J. M. winchell,
president, and John A. Martin, secretary, of the
Kansas constitutional convention, to be a true
copy of the constitution of the State of Kansas,
adopted at Wyandott, July 29, 1859.
Mr. SEWARD. I move that that communica-
tion be referred to the Committee on Territories,
and be primed.
Mr. feROWN. I move that the following in-
structions be given to the committee along with
the reference:
With instructions to inquire whether, in the formation
of said constitution, the act of Congress approved May 4.
1858, entitled "An act lor the admission of the State ot
Kansas into the Union," has been complied with in all le-
spects; and c&peciaily whether a census was taken of the
population of Kansas before the election of delegates to the
constitutional convention; and if ?o, whether it appeared
that the whole number wad equal to theiatio of represent-
ation required for a member of the House of Representa-
tives ? *
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen-
ate refer the constitution, with these instructions,
to the Committee on Territories ?
Mr, SEWARD. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the question of the instructions.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the reference of the constitution, with the
instructions proposed, to the Committee on Ter-
ritories.
Mr. SEWARt). The question,! take it, is not
upon the reference, but upon the instructions; so
the question must be divided; and I ask for a di-
vision, so that we may vote upon the instructions
separately. I desire to vote against the instiuc-
tions.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
will be on the instructions.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object to the considera-
tion of the resolution to-day; and I suppose it
goes over, as a matter of course. I object not to
the reference of the constitution, but to the res-
olution. I understand that a resolution has been
offered, which cannot be considered to-day if ob-
jection be made.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On a motion
to refer, in the judgment of the Chair, it is in
order to move instructions to the committee to
whom the reference is proposed; and that is not
subject to the general rule of an objection carry-
ing a resolution over.
Mr. SEWARD. I suppose there can he no ob-
jection to its lying over until to-morrow, if the
Senator from Illinois desires it.
ThePRESIDINGOFFICER. The whole sub-
ject can lie on the table for the time being, if the Sen-
ate so order. The question is on the instructions
moved by the Senator from Mississippi to the
Committee on Territories.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Is it in order to move to
amend the instructions ? ["Certainly."] I move,
therefore, to amend the instructions by instructing
the committee to report a bill for the immediate
admission of Kansas into the Union, under the
constitution formed at Wyandott, on an equal
footing with the other States.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
will submit his proposition of amendment in
writing.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will reduce it to writing.
^ Mr. PUGH. Do I understand the entire propo-
sition to be made to commit tins constitution with
the instructions, or that the instructions are sepa-
rately moved? because I want to vote for the ref-
erence of the constitution to the committee; and
it seems to me out of all order, and inappropriate,
when the document has been presented, and we
have not read it, and know nothing about it, on
a question of referring it to tl^e committee, that we
should be precipitated in this manner into the con-
sideration of the questions arising out of it. I
want to vote to refer this constitution to the com-
mittee, and I shall vote against the instructions
that are offered. Let the committee consider it
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is in order,
in the judgment of the Chair, for any Senator to
move instructions on a motion to refer any sub-
ject to a committee; and that is a question pre-
liminary to one of reference.
Mr. BAYARD. As I heard the proposed in-
structions read, I desire to know if they are not
mere instructions to inquire and report as to cer-
tain facts ? They do not instruct the committee
to make any report to us, as to whether Kansas
ought or ought not to be admitted. That is to be
left to their own discretion to make their report;
but as I heard the proposition readmit is merely
an instruction to report certain facts in connection
with the bill.
Mr. BROWN. That is all.
Mr. BAYARD. It is certainly proper to have
the facts before us. Then, no matter what the
; recommendation of the committee may be, the
! Senate will act m their discretion on the bill that
j may be reported. 1 do not see any harm in the
instructions as they stand. They are not instruc-
i tions us to the action of the committee on the
i subject-matter, but merely instructions to ascer-
,1 tain certain facts officially; that is all. What
11 objection can there be to that, that, m addition to
!! reporting a bill, they shall report to us the facts,
1 as they can ascertain them, in connection with
the bill ? There is no harm in that. It does not
at all interfere, and I should be indisposed to in-
terfere, with the action of the committee, as to
their right to report a biU or not. Let them decide
that; but surely there is no impropriety in asking
that certain facts, which a Senator believes aie
necessary and proper for the consideration of the
question, should be reported on by the committee
with the bill.
j] Mr. PUGH. I suggest to the Senator, that
j! the committee will report without instructions, of
j, course.
j i The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
!i is on the amendment to the instructions, moved
!! by the Senator from Wisconsin.
I, Mr. COLLAMER. In relation to the remarks
I made by the honorable Senator from Delaware,
'■ I will say that whether the committee should in-
quire into these facts and report on them, in my
view depends on whether the facts themselves
are material to the issue. If gentlemen believe
that those facts, when reported, would in any
way govern their votes in relation to the admission
of the State, then it may be proper to inquire into
them; but all those gentlemen who believe that an
inquiry into these facts—lot the inquiry result as
it might—would not at all alter their votes in re-
lation to the admission of the State with this con-
stitution, certainly may well consider that there
is no importance in making an inquiry. I there-
fore desire that the vote may be taken on these
instructions after the Senate shall have passed on
the amendment which is offered by the Senator
from Wisconsin.
Mr. RAYARD. I think that, in voting for
these instructions, my course does not depend
upon the question whether I think the facts em-
bodied in them should influence my vote or not.
They might be all true, and yet they would not
affect it; but a member of this body asks that cer-
tain facts shall be ascertained which he deems to
be essential for the purpose of a right decision
upon the subject. He may be wrong; but if he
wants the information on which to base his argu-
ment, I, for one, am not disposed to refuse it,
even though I might vote against him when the
facts came here. I do not think my own judg-
ment of the materiality of those facts should let
me exclude them from being officially ascertained,
in order that the Senate may pass a judgment on
tham. I cannot see, therefore, the force of the objec-
tion of the honorable Senator from Vermont, that,
because I may or may not—and I give no opinion
J about it—be in fa\ or of the admission of Kansas,
j even if the facts should turn out to be as I sup-
i pose the honorable Senator from Mississippi con-
; templates, those facts ought not to be ascertained,
j I do not say that they would influence my vote
1 for or against the bill, but I think a Senator has
' a right to have the information. We well know
; —the people generally know—that many Senators
j hold the opinion that it is not proper (even though
j in past times exceptional cases may have occurred)
j to admit a Territory into the Union as a State
| until her population has been ascertained in the
: mode prescribed by the Constitution; and that fact
j any Senator has a right to have.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, what has al-
I ready happened is enough to show that this is not
the rightest and best way of reaching this ques-
tion. We are already in a debate involving the
merits of the admission of Kansas, and that on an
incidental debate upon the reference of the con-
stitution itself to the committee. What would
have seemed to me to have been more convenient
and more likely to sccure an expeditious and just
and fair consideration of the subject, would have
been to send the Constitution to the committee,
without instructions and without an attempt to
instruct. That being done, the committee would
have the case before them. Then, when the Sen-
ator from Mississippi desiied to obtain, through
the action of that committee, for the use of the
Senate or for his own government on the ques-
tion, any information whatever, that could have
been subject of a special motion upon which mem-
bers could vote without at all embarrassing them-
selves on the question of reference, or delaying or
hindering the action of the committee.
Now t find myself in this embarrassment. The
honorable Senator desires to know whether a
census has been taken. If he will submit a sepa-
rate resolution to reach that information, I will
vote for it cheerfully, because I -always vote for all
calls for information. But the moment that a prop-
osition is submitted to obtain certain facts, certain
information, other members at once discover that
that reaches only a portion of the information
desired, and that the committee ought to have—at
least m their judgment they think so—and that the
Senate need to have other information; and so they
will begin a process of amendment to the amend-
ment; and when we have reached a certain sfage
of amendments we cannot go beyond that stage
and procure all the information. I submit, there-
fore, to the honorable Senator from Mississippi,
whether he will not consent to let this constitution
go to the committee, and offer his resolution of
instructions to the committee in the shape of a
separate resolution calling for information, upon
which I certainly will vote with him with the
greatest pleasure in the world.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, whether this or
any other political community claiming to be a
State shall bo admitted, is a question that rests in
the wound discretion of Congress under the Con-
stitution. Now, there is an existing law on the
statute-book which declares that, under circum-
stances known to exist, the people of Kansas
shall not be admitted as a State unless they shall
have a population prescribed in that law; and
whether they have it or not, the law declares,
shall be determined by a census taken pursuant
to law. That, I think, is the existing law on this
question. I do not know how the constitution
now presented comes before the Senate, for 1 was
not attending to it, and did not know how it came
in. T did not inquire into that.
Mr. SEWARD, ltcomesasan executivecom-
munication.
Mr. MASON. I was not aware how it came.
The motion is to refer it to a committee, to ascer-
tain, I presume, whether it is the constitution of
Kansas, and whether it conforms to the Consti-
tution of the United States; and we know that
there is an existing law, which, if respected, will
preclude the people of Kansas from coming into
the Federal Government as one of the States, un-
less their population is such as the existing law
requires. Now, the motion of the honorable
Senator from Mississippi, if I understand it, is,
that the committee, respecting the law of the land,
shall ascertain and report whether that law has
been complied with, as a preliminary to the ad-
mission of the proposed State. I do not know
officially, and I do not know,as afact,inofficially,
whether the law of the land has been complied
with by the people of Kansas. 1 should construe
the law, according to my present recollection of
it, as a law that looks to a Federal census, to a
census taken under the laws of the United States,
the Constitution requiring a decennial census. It
maybe that the people of Kansas have eon<?tru  <3
it otherwise, and have provided, by a law of then-
own, for the taking of a census; but what I ask
and shall insist upon, as far as my opinion coes,
is that the laws of the land shall be respected. A
law, passed within two years, precludes the ad-
mission of Kansas as a State, unless by a census
taken pursuant to law, it is ascertained' that they
have the population prescribed.
The honorable Senator fi om Wisconsin, as I
understand, overrides that law in his proposed
