1778
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstood it was accepted by the Senator from
California.
Mr. PUGH. I do not see what the Senator
expects to accomplish by that amendment. It
seems to me an unnecessary controversy.
Mr. GWIN. I only wanted to get clear of such
opposition as I could to my amendment. That
was the reason I acccptcd it.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, I do not know
that I shall vote for this amendment; but I should
like to hear the interpretation that is put upon it
by the honorable Senator who moves it, as to the
quantity of land that is to be subject to it. It pro-
vides that any person " shall be allowed to enter
upon and remain upon any public lands of the
United States containing minerals, not reserved
for national purposes." "What quantity ? What
is to be evidence of the amount that he has settled
upon ?
Mr. GWIN. If the Senator will read further,
he wijl find that it says "according to the laws
and usages of the State''—usages which vary in
different localities. In some, the quantity allowed
is so many fket; it is larger m the quartz mines,
and less in the river diggings and the placer dig-
gings. It is to conform to the usages that have
been adopted by the miners and the laws of the
State, as recognized in the courts. I cannot go
into detail any more, because the usages are
familiar to all the courts there—so many feet in
one case, and so many in another.
Mr. MASON. That is rather indefinite. We
do not know what these usages are. We do not
know that they are recorded, or what evidence
there is of them. I know there are land grants in
Californiafora very large amount of land, as there
always are in those countries where the habit is
to have large tracts of land, and the amendment
says that a man shall enter upon and remain under
the sanction of law "on any public lands of the
United States containing minerals," and to work
them "according to the laws and usages of said
States respectively."
I have great respect for the statements of the
honorable Senator from California; but I do not
know where we are to go to learn these usages.
Are we to go to the miners and ask them to go to
the courts and consult the records? There is
something indefinite in it, to say the least.
Mr. LATHAM. I will state to the Senator
from Virginia that the laws and usages referred
to in this amendment arc those recognized by State
statutes. The value of mining property is differ-
ent in different mining regions. When they go
upon a mineral region,the miners meet and 1 educe
to writing certain rules, in which they prescribe
what shall be regarded among themselves as a fan-
portion of land to be, given to each man to work.
They are matters of record or of high evidence,
and they are authenticated, so that when a dis-
pute aiises between two miners relative to their
claims, and some infringement of one on the other
is complamcd of, this record is produced, or that
which is tantamount to a rccord, and it decides
the quantity to which each is entitled, or the pri-
ority m claim. They are just as well authenti-
cated for all legal purposes as the record of a deed
or any other evidence that could be produced be-
fore a couit, and the rights of the parties are de-
cided under these mining regulations in pursu-
ance of the laws of the State. Those are " the
laws and usages" referred to m this amendment.
Mr. BAYARD. My objection to tins amend-
ment does not arise from the indefinite ohaiacter
of the usages, or whether they are authorized by
the laws of the States; but, m my view, it is not
germane to the hill. It is introduced info a bill,
the object of which is to secure homesteads, as it
is called, and I am free to admit that the bill now
reported by the committee of the Senate obviates
many of the constitutional objections that existed
to the bill of the House, and to the former bill of
the Senate. It is the least objectionable hill that
I have yet seen reported to the Senate 011 the basis
of a grant of land. It nominally avoids the ob-
jection of making a gratuitous gift; whether it
really does so, I do not purpose now to discuss.
But the question is on the amendment of the
honorable Senator from California. Is it germane
to the bill ? 1 do not mean to say that, if'a bill is
introduced into the Senate of the United States
which shall propose to recognize, in reference to
the State of California, the usages there with re-
gard to mineral lands arising from the particular
locality of the State and the existence of these
usages, I would not vote for a legislative recogni-
tion of them, but I do not think I can vote for
this amendment. The information is to me not
sufficiently definite to justify it. I do not think it
is proper to pass such an amendment on this bill,
and I do not mean now to commit myself to vote
for a separate bill which shall sanction all these
usages.
If youbring before the Senate a bill of that kind,
to the extent to which I think it politically right,
or that is sound policy, or that the interests of the
State require, 011 account of the "habits of the peo-
ple, the peculiar character of the land, and the
peculiar character of the products a/ the land,that
we should legislate differently as to the public land
in California from what we have done in other
States, I do not mean to say that I shall not be
willing to do it. I think a variation in our legis-
lation may oftentimes necessarily occur, arising
from the fact that there is adifference in the char-
acter of the productions of the particular States
that may require special legislation in that re-
spect; and on a proper bill, I do not say that I
should not vote, in substance, for all that is em-
bodied in this amendment^but I an) unwilling to
enter into these questions upon a bill proposing
a grant of lands by the Federal Government for
a nominal price throughout the whole Union. I
do not think the questions are germane. I con-
sider that the amendment has no connection with
the present bill; and it cannot be fairly investi-
gated on the present bill.
I am perfectly aware that in California they
have adopted usages contrary to what is called
the common law; contrary to those rights that
arise under the common law; contrary to those
rights that would exist as regards the public
lands under the laws of the United States. It may
be right, though, that as to California we should
modify our laws, and I do not deny it. I am
rather inclined t6 think it is so. Taking the char-
acter of the population and their pursuits, and
the character of the productions and of the land,
and its particular locality, and the incidents con-
nected with it, I am inclined to think that we ought
to pass special legislation on that subject. That is
the inclination of my opinion; but to^vhatextent
we ought to go, I do not say. I do not think,
however, a question of that land should be brought
into the present bill. It embraces a question
which is distinct 111 its character. It is connected
with a bill the general policy of which I am op-
posed to; but I readily admit that the present bill
is less objectionable than any other measure based
on the idea of granting lands as a gratuity to set-
tlers upon the public domain that has ever been
presented to the Senate.
These are my objections to the amendment that
is now before the Senate. They do not arise out
of the question whether I am acquainted with the
usages in California, but that I do not think they
piopeily connect themselves with the existing bill.
1 do not think that a proper investigation of them
can be made in connection with the existing bill.
I think they are foreign to the character and gen-
eral object of the bill; and the bill ought not to be
embarrassed by introducingextraneousquestions.
If the bill be passed, it will not interfere with our
power to pass a proper bill for regulating all the
questions involved in this amendment; and I will
say to the honorable Senators from California, that,
owing to the peculiar position of that country, and
flic peculiar position of the people in relation to
mining rights, my prepossessions are in favor of
making an alteration 111 the existing law, for the
purpose of the protection of the individual miners;
but 1 do not think that necessarily or properly
connects itself with the present bill. I think it
only embarrasses it. It ought not now to be a
subject of consideration.
I therefore pronounce no opinion against the
propriety of the amendment, if it were brought up
iu a separate bill, where we could place the proper
conditions upon it, and make a proper law in ref-
erence to the mining interest in California, which
is peculiar to that State, and I understand now
extends to the Territory of Utah, about which we
have so much difficulty otherwise, connected with
the Carson Valley, as it is called; and it may be
to Oregon, for aught I know. I am willing to
extend the principles rightfully and properly, ac-
cording to the existing state of facts; and I admit
that human laws must be administered with ref-
erence to existing human usages and human pur-
suits. I admit the principle fully; but to what
extent the law ought to be changed should be a
matter of very deliberate consideration, and it
ought to be carefully guarded. I do not think
the subject-matter of the amendment is properly
brought before the Senate in connection with the
present bill.
As regards the present bill, I shall certainly vote
for the amendment recommended by the Commit-
tee of the Senate as the least objectionable mode
in which what is called the homestead bill could
be passed by the Senate. From what I have seen
of the progress of sentiment in this country and
the tendency of things, I am inclined to think that
it would perhaps be wiser on the part of the Uni-
ted States to part with all their lands to the States
in which they lie, by an express grant to those
States, and abolish their land offices and the ex-
penses incident to them, rather than pass any bill
in the nature of a homestead bill, leaving to each
State its own course of action, as regards wheth-
er they choo.se to pass a homestead law or not;
whether they choose to exempt land from the
payment of taxes or the payment of debts; whether
they choose to secure a certain portion of land to
every individual which should not be alienable by
himself or alienable at the suit of his creditors.
All these are questions, it seems to me, that be-
long to the States 111 which the lands he. I do not
desire to see the General Government connect
itself with such questions or embark in them. I
do not think it has the legitimate power to embark
in such questions. I do not believe myself that
we have the constitutional power to dispose of the
public lands for any other than the purposes of
the Federal Government. But for that objection,
I would to-morrow agree to vote for vesting in
every State in which the public lands are situated
all those lands within the boundaries of that State;
and I think I would even overcome that, if it is the
pleasure of Congress to make these homestead
grants.
I would rather get rid of the expense and the
whole source of corruption (I admit its weight)
connected with the land offices and the land pat-
ronage of the General Government. I would
rather get rid of the whole of it, and leave it to the
States to form their own destinies and take care
of the morals of their own people in the admin-
! istration of their own government with refercnco
1 to the public lands. 1 believe that it would be
[ wiser; and as I think we arc able, as a Govein-
1 mont, to pay any debts we owe, the question of
implied obligation to keep these lands for the pur-
pose of paying the public debt of the Government
would weigh little with me. If it is to come to
the naked question, whether we are to make ac-
tual gratuities of lands to settlers, or grants at
nominal prices, as I suppose the present bill pro-
vides, I think, on the whole, I should prefer to
grant to the States in which the public lands lie
all the lauds within their boundaries, close our
land offices, and let each State dispose for herself
of those lands that would then belong to her. As
to the Territories, of course we could not do that;
but as they became States, the same rule might
be adopted. That would be nothing more than
the abandonment of the principle that the public
lands are to be a source of revenue to the Federal
Government; and if they are not to be a source
of revenue hereafter, it seems to me sound policy
that they should not be a source of expense.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Allow me to
make a suggestion to the Senator. In his argu-
ment, he readies a conclusion in regard to which
I desire to make a suggestion to him: and that is
that the disposition which the bill now proposes
to make of the public lands is not subject to his
criticism at all. It is an utter misapprehension of
the terms of the bill to suppose that it proposes
to make the public lands cease to be a source of
revenue; for if the estimates of the head of the In-
terior Department and of the Commissioner of
the General Land Office are to be relied upon, the
present bill, taking it altogether, will bring more
money to the Treasury than it has been receiving
for many years from the public lands.
Mr. BAYARD. If the honorable Senator from
Arkansas will satisfy me of that, I shall vote for
his bill, not only as an amendment to the House
bill, but throughout; becausc, in my judgment,
the duty of Congress is to dispose of the public
