758
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
enue in the district of Boston and Charlestown,
for himself and others, praying the enactment of
a law to create a retired list for certain clerks em-
ployed in the collection of the revenue; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Sen-
eca<Falls, New York, praying the enactment of a
law to grant pensions to the indigent soldiers of
the war of 1812; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of Sally Moore,
widow of Elisha Moore, an officer in the war of
1812, who died of disease contracted while in the
discharge of his duty, praying a pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of James Had-
den, praying an increase of duty on gold and sil-
ver leaf; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
He also presented a petition of citizens of New
York, praying Congress to pass a law to prevent
all further traffic in and monopoly of.the public
lands, and that they be laid out in farms or lots
for the free and exclusive use of actual settlers;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
He also presented the memorial of John Reeves,,
praying the intervention of the Government of
the United States in behalf of his claims against
the Sultan of Turkey; which was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
He also presented a memorial of Samuel Loek-
wnod, an officer of the Navy placed on the re-
served list by the board appointed under the act
of February 28, 1855, and restored to the active
list by the board appointed under the act of Jan-
uary 16,1857, praying to be allowed the expense
incurred in obtaining his restoration; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
He also presented the petition of Zopher Hol-
comb and others, praying that pensions may be
granted to the surviving militia of the war of 1812,
anct to the widows of those who have died or may
hereafter die; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of Jacob Coon
and others, praying that the heirs of the militia
who served in the Indian wars and in that of 1812
may be placed oil the same footing, in regard to
bounty land, as those who served in the war with
Mexico; which was refeired to the Committee on
Military Affairs and Militia.
Mr. BROWN presented the petition of John
W. Eastman, praying to be allowed a pension on
account of disease contracted in the naval service;
which was referred t8 the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented a petition of the trustees of
the public schools of the city of Washington,
praying for a patent for part of lot 14, in square
253, in that city; which was referred to the Com-
mittee 011 the District of Columbia. J
■ Mr. BRAGG. I have received by mail what j
purports to be a petition, signed by one hundred !
citizens of the State of New York, praying Con- i
gross to pass a law to prevent all further traffic in
and monopoly of the public lands, and that they [
be laid out in farms or lots for the free and ex- j
elusive use of actual settlers. I am unwilling to i
make a motion to refer this petition to the Com- 1
mittee on Public Lands, without stating that 1 do
not commit myself at all m favor of the petition.
The petition was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented the memorial of I
A. T. Spencer and G. G. Hubbard, of Chicago, |
Illinois, praying compensation for carrying the i
mails between Chicago and the ports on Lake Su- |
pcrior; which was referred to the Committee on I
tfie Post Office and Post Roads. i
Mr. GRIMES presented additional papers iff j
relation to the claim of James B. Thomas; which !
were referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs, j
Mr. DOOLITTLE presented six memorials of;
citizens of Wisconsin, praying the construction of ,
arbor of refuge at the mouth of Grand river, on ,
Lake Michigan; which were referred to the Com- !
mittee on Commerce. i
Mr. HARLAN presented a petition of citizens j
of Iowa, praying the establishment of a mail- '
route from Wyoming to London, in that State; |
which was referred to the Committee on the Post i
Office and Post Roads.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Tay-
lor county, Iowa, praying that the public lands i
may be laid out in farms or lots for the free and
exclusive use ofactualsettlers; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Iowa,
praying that pensions may be granted to the sur-
viving militia of the warof 1812,and to the widows
of those who have died or may hereafter die;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
He also presented apetition of citizens of Iowa,
praying that the heirs of the militia of the Indian
wars aod that of 1812 may be placed on the same
footing, in regard to bounty land, as those who
served in the war with Mexico; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
Militia.
He also presented the petition .of citizens of
Poweshiek county, Iowa, praying the repeal of
the fugitive slave law and other measures in
regard to the institution of slavery; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
He also, presented the petition of Mary E.
Whicker, administratrix of Stephen Whicker,
for'the amount of a judgment rendered in his favor
byl.tiie district court of the United States for the
district of Iowa, and for fees for services rendered
by direction of the Government; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented the petition of
George Washington Greene, praying the aid of
Congress in publishing the correspondence of
Major General Nathaniel Greene, of the Army of
the Revolution; which was referred to Jjie Com-
mittee on the Library.
Mr. BRIGHT presented a memorial of the
members and corporators of the Washington
National Monument Society, praying the aid of
Congress in the construction of that work; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds.
Mr. HAMMOND presented the memorial of
the heirs pf Hamet Caramalli, ex-Bashaw of Tri-
poli, praying compensation for losses sustained
by the failure of the United States to comply with
the terms of the treaty of 1805, in aiding him to
recover his authority m Tripoli; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. POWELL presented the petition of Han-
nah S. Nelson, widow of Major Joseph S. Nel-
son, late of the Army, praying to be allowed a
pension; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
He also presented apetition of citizens of West
Point, Kentucky, praying that thp pension now
allowed to Franklin W. Armstrong may be in-
creased; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. GREEN presented a memorial of the Le-
gislature of Missouri, praying a reduction m the
price of Government land on the line of the south-
west branch of the Pacific railroad; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BIGLER presented the petition of Ange- \
line C. Bowman, widow of Captain Francis "L. !
Bowman, of the Army, praying remuneration for I
the expense of conveying the remains of her hus- '
band to his home in Pennsylvania, and to be al-
lowed a pension; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of William G.
Murray, and others, praying that the heirs of the
militia of the Indian wars and of that of 1812 may
be placed on the same footing, in regard to bounty
land, as those who served in the war against Mex-
ico; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and Militia.
Mr. GWIN presented the memorial of J. M.
Miller, praying the appointment of a commis-
sioner to examine his condenser for steam boilers;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs. ;
Mr. PUGH presented a petition of citizens of |
Coshocton county, Ohio, praying that Charles !
McCloskey may be allowed an increase of pen- i
sion; which was referred to the Committee on j
Pensions. - ;
Mr. CHANDLER presented a communication i
addressed to him by the masters and owners of i
steam and sailing vessels on the great lakes, in |
relation to the bill passed at the last session of !
Congress for the improvement of the St. Clair j
flats; which was ordered to lie on the table. '
Mr. CAMERON presented a petition of citi- j
zens of Pennsylvania, who served in the war of I
1812, praying the enactment of a law granting
pensions to those who faithfully served their coun-
try in that war; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
He also presented apetition of citizens of Penn-
sylvania, praying that pensions may be granted
to the surviving militia of the war of 1812, and to
the widows of those who have died or may here-
after die; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
He also presented a petition of an association
of soldiers and sailors of the war of 1812, residing
in western Pennsylvania, praying that pensions
may be granted them sufficient to make them
comfortable in their declining years; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of Henry Covert
and others, praying that pensions may be granted
to the surviving militia of the war of 1812, and to
the widpws of those who have died or may here-
after die; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. KING presented additional papers in sup-
port of the claim of Samuel S. Wood and William
P. Kirkland, in behalf of the sufferers by the bom-
bardment of Grey town; which were referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. BINGHAM presented a petition of citizens
of Ypsilanti, Michigan, who served in the warof
1812, praying that pensions may be granted to the
militia and other soldiers who served in that war;
which was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. WILKINSON presented the memorial of
the Legislature of Minnesota, praying that an ap-
propriation be made for the improvement of the
rapids of the Minnesota river, near the town of
San Francisco; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Samuel Worster, praying
a pension on account of a disability incurred while em-
ployed as a waiter to a militia officer of the. United States
service, during the last war with Great Britain, on the files
of the Senate, be referred to tiie Committee on Pensions.
On motion of Mr. BROWN, it was
Ordered, That the report of the Secretary of the Interior,
of February 7,1S57, communicating the report and survey* .
made in obedience to a resolution of Congress, respecting
the construction of a new and substantial bridge across the
Potomac, on the files of the Senate, be referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
On motion of Mr. KENNEDY, it was
Ordered, That the memorial and papers in the case of
Eleazer William?, on the files of the Senate, be referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
On motion of Mr. GWIN, it was
Ordered, That the petition of F. 3\I. Gunnel, passed as-
sistant surgeon m the Navy, pmyins compensation for ex-
traordinary expenses incutied m the discharge of his duty
in California, on the files of the Senate, be referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
On motion of Mr. GWIN, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Henry Hoy de la Eeintrie,
|irayim;cninpensation tor iiis servieesin exposing the fraud-
ulent claims of Jose y Limantour to lands in San Francisco
county, and adjacent islands m California, on tile files of the
Senate, be referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. BENJAMIN, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Madame AKa M. Eoblasy
Iiobaldo, widow of F. Robaldo, asking to be paid for cer-
tain property destroyed by American troops m .Mexico, by
order of tlieir commanding officer, m the late war with
Mexico, on the files of the Senate, be referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and Militia.
XOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. MALLORY gave notice of his intention
to ask leave to introduce a bill to provide for a
custom-house, court-house, and a post office, at
Apalaehicola, Florida.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. BROWN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
147) to prevent malicious mischief and protect
property in the District of Columbia; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. BRIGHT asked, and by unanimous eon-
sent obtained, leave to introduce :i bill (S. No.
150) for the relief of Madison Sweetscr; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. LANE asked, nnd by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (8. No. 149)
making appropriations to supply a deficiency in
the appropriations for the completion of the geo-
