1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
759
logical survey of Oregon and Washington Terri-
tories; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. GREEN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
152) to settle the titles to certain lands set apart
for the use of certain half breed Kansas Indians
in Kansas Territory; which was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Mr. KENNEDY aslced, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
153) relating to marriages in the District of Co-
lumbia; which was read twice by. its title, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HAUN asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 167)
for the purpose of aiding in the construction of a
line of railroad across that portion of the public
domain lying between the Mississippi river and
the eastern boundary of the State of California;
which was read twice by its title.
He also, in pursuance of previous notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 103)
to amend an act entitled An act to ascertain and
settle private land claims in the State of Califor-
nia" passed March 3,1851; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
Mr. FITZPATRlCKasked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
171) to provide for the examination and payments
of certain claims of citizens of Georgia and Ala-
bama, on account of losses sustained by depreda-
tions of the Creek Indians; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
KKPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Commerce,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 16) repeal-
ing all laws or part of laws allowing bounties to
vessels employed in the bank and other cod fish-
erics, reported it with amendments, and submitted
a report: which was ordered to bo printed.
Mr. CLAY. I will simply state, that after the
report is printed, I shall move to take up the bill
at an early day of the session. It has been once
thoroughly discussed.
Mr. BAYARD, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
9) to amend an act for extending the laws and
judicial system of the United States to the State
of Oiegoii, and for other purposes, reported it
with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 25) directing the
manner in which the testimony of certain judi-
cial officers may be taken for use in the several
courts of the United States, reported it with an
amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 53) to amend the act
to establish a court for the investigation of claims
against the United States, approved 24th Febru-
ary, 1855, ieported it wilh amendments.
He also, from tho same committee, to whom
the subject was referred, reported a bill (S. No.
148) concerning courts in the Territories; which
was rend, and passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of James and Theodore
Walters, praying that certain lots of ground m
the city of Washington may be conveyed to them,
asked to be discharged from its further consider-
ation, and that it be referred to the Committee on
the District of Columbia; which was agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD. The Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to whom was referred a presentment of
tho grand jury of the circuit court of the United
States for the southern district of Alabama, in re-
lation to injuries done to the navigation of the
bay and harbor of Mobile by vessels engaged in
the oyster trade, have instructed me to ask that
the committee be discharged from its further con-
sideration, on the ground that the remedy rests
in the State, as to part of the evil complained of,
and as to the residue, it belongs not to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
The committee were discharged.
Mr. BAYARD. ^Tho Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to whom was referred the presentment of
the <n-imd jury of the United States for the dis-
trict&of South Carolina, at Charleston, m relation
to the court accommodations at that place, also in
relation to the Exchange building, now used as a
custom-house and post office, have instructed me
to report adversely as to the first part of the me-
morial, on the ground that no further court-houses
ought to be built by Congress, and, besides, that
the matter is in the discretion of the Secretary of
the Interior. As to the residue of the present-
ment, it has no relation to the duties of the com-
mittee.
The committee were discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the subject.
Mr. BAYARD. The Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to whom was referred the memorial of L.
W. Boggs, praying an appropriation for his salary
as alcalde and judge of the firstinstance, under the
military government of California, have^nstructed
me to ask that they may be discharged from its
further consideration; and that it may be referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and Mili-
tia. It is right to state that it was referred to
that committee on the 22d of December, and they
wen; discharged on the 9th of January, and it was
referred to us. After considering it, and looking
into it, tho committee came to the conclusion that
as it related to no officer of the United States, had
no relation to the judicial system of the United
States, but applied to a question of compensation
during the tune that California was held by tho
military power of the United States, it properly
and appropriately belonged to the Military Com-
mittee to inquire into the facts,andreportwhether
relief is necessary. We therefore move that it be
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
Militia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD. The Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to whom was referred the petition of the
officers and executive committee of the American
Pharmaceutical Association of the United States,
praying for an act of mcorpoiauon,have instructed
ine to make an adverse repoi t, on the ground that
it is notwithin the power of the Congiess to create
a corporation for the whole Uuiled States, and if it
were, the powers asked to be delegated would be
inconsistent with tHe performance of our duties.
Mr. THOMSON, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred tile petition of Ebe-
nezer Richer, praying to be allowed a pension, 011
accountof awound received while in the military
scrvicc of the United States in Florida, submitted
a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No. 151) for
the relief of Ebenezer Ricker. The bill was read,
and passed to a second reading; and the report
was ordered to lie punted.
Mr. BiGLER, from the Committee on Patents
and the P,U'-nr Office, to whom was referred the
petition of Randall Pegg, praying to be allowed
the difference between the pay he received and
that allowed other watchmen, during the time, he
was employed as watchman at the Patent Office,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S.
No. 154) for the relief of Randall Pegg. The bill
was read, and passed to a second reading; and the
report was ordered to be printed.
Mr IVERSON, fioni the Committee 0:1 Claims,
to whom was referred a bill reported by the Court
of Claims for the relief of Stanwoed & Reid,
merchants of Boston, with the opinion of the
court in favor of the claim, reported the bill (S.
No. 155) without amendment.
He also, fiom the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill 1 eported by the Court of Claims
for the relief of Ayuiar & Co., merchants of the
city of New York, with the opinion of the court
in 'favor of the claim, reported the bill (S. No.
156) without amendment. The bill was read, and
passed to a sccond reading.
Ho also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill reported by the Court of Claims
for the relief of John Michel!, merchant of the
city of New York, with the opinion of the court
in favor of the claim, reported the bill (S.No. 157)
without amendment. The bill was read, and
passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill reported by the Court of Claims
for the relief of T. B. "Wales & Co., merchants of
the city,^f Boston, with the opinion of the court
in favor of the claim, reported the bill (S. No. 158)
without amendment. The bill was read, and
passed to a second reading.
Fie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill reported by the Court of Claims
for the relief of Wolfe & Co., merchants of tho
city of Now York, with the opinion of the court
in favor of the claim, reported the bill (S. No. 159)
without amendment. The bill was read, and
passed to a second reading. '
He also,'from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill reported by the Court of Claims
for the relief of George W. Wales, merchant of
the city of Boston, with the opinion of the court
in favor of the claim, reported the bill (S. No. 160)
without amendment. The bill was read, and
passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill reported by the Court of Claims
for the relief of David Wood, merchant of the city
of New York, with the opinion of the court in
favor of the claim, reported the b.ill (S. No. 161)
without amendment. I"he bill was read, and passed
to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill reported by the Court of Claims
for the relief of Udolpho Wolfe, merchant of the
city of New York, with the opinion of the court
in favor of the claim, reported tho bill (S.No. 162)
without amendment. The bill was read, and
passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill reported by the Court of Claims
for the relief of J. D. & M. Williams, merchants
of the city of Boston, with the opinion of the court
in favor of the clainl, reported the bill (S. No. 163)
without amendment.
Ho also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill reported by the Court of Claims
for the relief of Atkinson, Rollins, & Co., mer-
chants of the city of Boston, with the opinion of
the court in favor of the claim, reported the bill
(S. No. 164) without amendment. The bill was
read, and passed to a sccond reading.
He also, from tho same committee, to whom
was referred a bill reported by the Court of Claims
for the relief of Samuel A. Way, merchant of the
city of Boston, with the opinion of the court in
favor of the claim, reported the bill (S. No. 165)
without amendment. The bill was read, and
passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill reported by the Court of Claims,
for the relief of Alfred Atkins, merchant of the
city of New York, with the opinion of the court
in favor of the claim, reported the bill (S. No.
106) without amendment. The bill was read, and
passed to a second reading.
Mr. RICE, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 28) making an appropriation for the
erection, in the city of St. Paul, State of Minne-
sota, of a suitable building for a custom-house,
post office, court-rooms, and other offices of the
United States, reported it without amendment,
and submitted a report; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WILKINSON, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of Eli-
jah R. Merrill, submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill (S. No. 169) for the relief of Elijah R.
Merrill. The bill was read, and passed to a second
reading; and the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. SAULSBURY, from the Committee onPen-
sions, to whom was referred a petition of members
of the Legislature of Oregon, in behalf of H. H.
Howard,"submitted a report, accompanied by a
bill (S. No. 170) for the relief of H. H. Howard.
The bill was read, and passed to a second read-
ing; and the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. CLAY, from tho Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the petition of Raymond
Reynolds, a soldier in the war of 1812, praying to
be allowed a pension, submitted an adverse re-
port; winch was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Harrison Sargent, a
soldier in the Louisiana volunteers, and seaman
1 n the United States service in the war with Mex-
ico, praying for a pension, submitted an adverse
report; which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Joseph Verbiski, pray-
ing an increase of pension, and the bill (S. No.
83) to authorize an increase of pension to Joseph
Verbiski, reported the bill without amendment,
and submitted an adverse report; which was or-
dered to be printed. .
Mr. BRAGG, from the Committee on Claims,
