I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Slavery Question—Mr. Cobb,
•Ho. 01? Reps.
colored race appears from a variety of other cir-
cumstances which could be adduced; and that this
physical deterioration is much more manifest in
the free than in the slave States, seems to be
equally certain.
Now, compare the condition of the slave with
the black population in Canada, and you will at
once see the vast disproportion, as to comfort,
between them. For example, hear what one who
ran away with his family from Maryland, says,
in a letter to his master, which leads as follows:
Toronto, Canada, February 11, 1860.
DearMastfr: I hardly know how to say anything: to
you since I left you to come to this country. I am sony
that I ever left home. I never knew what it was to suffer
with cold or hunger at home. God knowa what I have
suffered by boih since I came here. 1 am over head and
ears in debt, and if you would square me heie, I will go
back and be a better boy to you than ever 1 was before. You
cannot imagine liow times are heie; and the weather is
cold enough to freeze the devil. If you will piomisc mc
good tieatment, and to lot get past actions, I, with my wife
and foui children and mother, will come back. I have never
been in jail since I have been here; but unless you relieve
me, and take me from this cursed country, I will be put in
jail. I owe $18 house rent; $13 50 groceries; winter's
wood, $17 50; and I have only one week to pay it in, or go
to jail. I will go back if you send me money enough to
pay this bill, and pay our tare out home. Answer as soon
as"po>sible, bo that I may know what to do in the matter.
Let me hear tiom you. I shouidhke to come home to live
and die.
I remain your humble servant, HENRY TILMAN.
Mi Frisby Gordon*. Dneet at No. 51 Bolton street.
p, s.—Give my best love to Master Joe, Miss Annie, and
all the family. 1 shall soon meet thein again ; as soon as
I get an answer. For I swore by the holy Bible never to
pass another winter in this country. Jack Granger is here,
and I want to try to persuade him to go home with me.
HENRY TILMAN.
Now, as to the treatment of our slaves, I will fur-
ther refer you to the many statutes in the south-
ern States requiring our negroes to be well fed,
clothed, and eared for. The old, the young, the
maimed, the halt, the Wind, and otherwise in-
firm, are bound to be provided for in a comforta-
ble manner. For partrculars, see the laws here-
with submited:
State of Mississippi.
"No master shall inflit tcruelorunusu.il punishment upon
his slave 01 slave-*, fri cau>>e or peinnt the same to be done;
and any master or othei person entitled to the services of
a slave or slaves, or any person having or taking the pos-
session or custody of a slave or slaves, who shall inflict
such eiuel or unusual punishment on >-uch slave or slaves,
or shall authorize or permit such punishment to be inflict-
ed, may be indicted therefor; and 011 conviction, shall be
fined, according to the magnitude of the offence, in any
sum not exceeding $300, and nnpiisoned in the county jail
lorn toim not exceeding twelve mouths, or both, at the
discretion ot the couit. ft shall be the duty of owneis of
slaves to treat them with humanity, to piovide for them
necessary clothing and piovisions, and to abstain irom in-
juries to them extending to endanger life 01 limb; and if
any owner, hiier, or employer of slave* shall have failed
to "-supply them nccc«sai\ clothing and piovisions. or shall
have treated them with inhumanity, the person so oliend-
ing may be indicted therefor; and on conviction, shall be
fined in any sum not exceeding)$500, or may be imprisoned
in the county jail not exceeding tlnee months, or both, at
the discietion ot the couit.
"If an> person shall be guilty of stealing or selling uny
free person tor a slave, knowing the said person stolen or
sold to be free, and shall thereof be convicted, such per-
son shall be imprisoned in the peniteutiaiy not less than
ten years."
State of Kentucky.
" If any person shall steal and hold, or sell fraudulently, or
offer to sell, a free person as a slave, knowing the pei*on
so sold or stolen to be free, he shall be confined in the pen-
itentiaiy not les«s than five not more than ten years.
" if the owner of an mfiim, insane, or aged slave, or any
person having such slave under his contiol, sutteis lum to
go at large, or fails to make adequate piovisions for his
fcupport, he shall he punished bv fine not exceeding fitty
doilais. If the owner of any slave shall neat him cruehv and
inhumanly, so as, in the opinion of a jury, to endangei the
lifeorlimhof Mich slave, or mateually to affect his health,
or shall not supply las slave with sufficient wholesome
food and laimcnt, such blave shall be taken and sold lor the
benefit of the owner.
" if the hirer ol a slave for a term of time shall treat him m
the manner described 111 the second section, or shall fail to
furnish such slave with food and raiment, the owner oi the
slave may proceed against him, by petition, in the manner
prescribed in the thud section, and upon the facts, or any
of them being found asainst the defendant, the court shall
rescind the contract of luring upon equitable principles, and
re-toie the slave to its owner.
'•'A suit may be maintained by the owner of a slave, though
not in his actual possession, against any person who shall
unlawfully whip, strike, or abuse such slave, and recover
damages for such act, notwithstanding the said slave, by
such whipping, striking, or abuse, may not have been len-
dcred incapable of labor.
" It shall be the duty of the master or owner, personal lep-
l-esentauve, or guardian of such owner, to employ counsel
to defend a slave, when tried in the cncuit court. If no
counsel be employed, the court shall assign counsel to de-
fend him. The master or owner, or his personal represent-
New Series—No. 22.
ative, or the guardian, shall pay said counsel the sum
awaided him, by older of the court, for such defense, not
exceeding fifty nor less than twenty dollars, and maybe
attached and compelled to pay the same."
1 ' State of Louisiana.
C£ Whoever shall inflict, or cause to bo inflicted, any cruel
treatment upon any slave, whether by maltreating, flog-
ging, failing to clothe, and feed in a proper manner, by im-
prisoning, by putting in irons, or by ill-treating in any other
manner, to be judged of by the court and jury, shall be fined
not less than fifty nor more than two hundred dollars. The
couit and jury shall have power 111 all cases, whether they
convict or not, to decree the sale of the slave at public auc-
tion. The owner shall not be allowed to purchase, either
directly or indirectly, or to have under Jus control the said
slave, under the penalty of $1,000. The price of the slave
thus sold shall be paid over to the owner, after deducting
all costs."
State of Virginia.
" Any person who shall permit an insane, aged,orinfirm
flave, owned by him, or under Ins control, to go at large,
without adequate piovision for his support, shall be pun-
ished by fine not exceeding fifty dollais ; and the overseers
of the county or corporation in winch such slave may be
found. Utah provide for his maintenance, and may charge
such person quarteily or annually, with a sufficient sum
therefor, andiccover itfiom time to time by motion in the
court of such county 01 corporation. If any person shall,
by sale, gift, or otherwise, dispose of any insane, aged, or
infirm slave, which is, or is likely to become, chargeable,
such person, or the donoi or vendor, (at the election -of the
said oveiseers,) may bo proceeded against as the owner of
the slave, under this section."
State of Missouri.
" In prosecutions for crimes, slaves shall not be deprived
of an impartial trial by juiy; and a slave convicted of a
capital offense shall sutler the same degiee of punishment,
and no other, that would bo inflicted on a free white per-
son for a like oftense ; and courts of justice, before whom
slaves shall be tried, shall assign them counsel tor their
defense. Any person who shall maliciously deprive of life
or dismember a slave, shall suffer such punishment as would
be indicted lor the like offense if it were committed on a
fiee white person. Eveiy peison who shall cruclly or in-
humanly toittne, beat, wound, 01 abuse any slave 111 his
employment ot under his chatge, powei, or control, whether
belonging to himself 01 another, shall, on conviction, be
punUhed by imprisonment 111 a county jail not exceeding
one yeai, or by line not exceeding §1,000, or by both such
fine and impugnment."
State of North Carolina.
li The owner of any slave incapable of service, from age
or othei disability, shall ptovide him with ptopci'rood, iai-
mcnt, and lodging; and if any s-uch slave shall be unpto-
vided as afoie^aid, the wardens of the county where the
slave maybe, ->hall furnn-h him with food, raiment, and
lodging, and ehaigo the owner theiewith, and may recovei
ag.iiiM him the puce beJoro any tribunal having jurisdic-
tion of the amount of the demand.
" It the ownei of such slave be dead, his executors or ad-
ministrators shall provide for him out of the estate of the
deceased; and, upon failure so to do, the wardens shall pro-
vide for him, and pioceed against such executoisor admin-
istrators m cveiy 1 aspect a-, against the owner; or, if such
••lave shall be under the eontiol of .1 guaidtan, he shall pio-
vide for the slave out of the estate ot his ward; and, upon
l;nlure, the wauleiw shall ptovide loi the slave.and pioceed
against the guaiduui in niannei aforesaid; and such exec-
utors, admnn?tratois, and guaidians shall be allowed tne
expense ot making stieh provision in their settlements.
'•Any two ot the waideus shall have authouty to execute
the foiegoing provisions relative to disabled slaves.
" [n case any slave who shall appear not to have been
pioperly clothed and fed shall be convieted of stealing any
coin,cattle, hogs, or other goods whatsoever, from any per-
son not the owner of such slave, such injured person may
maintain an action on the case against the possessor of such
slave for ins damages.
"The supeuor couit shall have exclusive original juris-
diction of all felonies and other otlenses committed b/
slaves, which, by section thnty-two, are not assigned for
tnal before a justice of the peace—petty otlenses, mwk-
meanois—and the trial shall be conducted m like mannei
as the trials of freemen tor the same otlenses; and, moie
over, the juior* .->hall be slave-osvneis.
" Win n a slave shall be apprehended or indicted for any
offence, whereof thesupeiioi court has onsinal juiisdic-
tion, lus owner, if known, shall have ten days" notice of
the trial, in order that lie may have the oppomnnty of de -
fending his slave; the cost of which notice, and all other
cost attending the uial of the slave shall be paid by the
owuri, if such slave being a free man would be liable to
the payment thereof. And il the owner refuse to pay the
same, execution in the name of the State may issue against
the owner."
State of Alabama.
11 Anv person who with malice aforethought causes the
death of a slave, by cruel whipping or beating, or by any
inhuman treatment, or by the use 01 any weapon In its na-
ture calculated to produce death. 1- u'Uy of murder in the
first dcgiee.
(% Any owner, overseer, or otbfer p " >n, having the right
to coneel any slave, who t ause-5 tin- death of such slave by
cruel whipping or b. atin«r, or by any other cruel or inhuman
treatment, or by tii" use "of any instrument m its nature
calculated to produce death, though without any intention
to kill, is guilty of murder in the second dcgiee, and may
be guilty of murdei 111 the first,degree.
Any master, or other person standing towards the slave
in that lelation, who inflicts, or allows others to inflict, on
him any eiuel punishment, or fails to provide him with a
sufficiency of healthy food or necessary? clothing, qj to pro-
vide for lum properly in sickness or old age, or treats him
in any way with inhumanity, on conviction thereof, must-
be fined not: Jess than twenty-five or more than $1,60$.-
{< in indictments under the preceding section, it is suffix
cientto charge that the defendant did-inflict on a slave any
cruel punishment, or that lie failed to provide him with a'
sufficiency of healthy food or necessary clothing, or to pro-
vide for him properly In sickness or old age; or if for any
other species of inhuman-treatment, it may be charged that'
he treated such,slave with inhumanity, without specifying,
in what such inhumanity consists, and the jyyors are the
judges of what constitutes eruel'punisliment, o^jfScicn cyx
of healthy food, necessary clothing, and proper .provision in
sickness and old age. • * . " . •
" On the trial of indictments upder the preceding-section,
the defendant is entitled to a jury, two thirds of whoip we
slaveholders.
" Any person other than the master, or person occupying
that relation, who commits an assault and battery oft AC.
slave, without just cause or excuse, to be determined by
the jury, is guilty of a misdemeanor."
State of Tennessee.
" No person shall willfully, with malice aforethought, Kill
any slave. The offender shall be deemed guilty of the same-
offense as if the peison killed had been fiee. If the slave
killed, is the property of another, and not of the offender,
he shall be liable to pay the value of such slave. No'per-
son shall wantonly, and without sufficient cause, beat or
abuse the slave of another person. Any such offender may
be indicted in the circuit oreiimmal court, where the offense
was committed; and on conviction, shall be punished in
the same manner as for a similar offense committed on the
body of any white person.
" The trial of a sl<we for a capital offense shall be con-
ducted in the same manner as that of a free person. All
persons who would be competent jurorsto serve on the
trial of a free person shall be competent jurors on the trial
of a slave. The owner may appear and siiperiuten# the
defense of the accused; and he may challenge as many
juroi-i as a free white per&on in capital cases, and in any
other offense of the grade of felony, four jurors perempto-
rily, and 110 more; but he may challenge for cause in till*
same manner as a free white person, charged with a like
offense. If the master does not employ counsel in the
slave's defense, the court shall assign him counsel."
State cf Georgia.
If any person shall on thcLoul's <lay,cominonlyca]led
Sunday, employ any slave m any woik or laboi, (work of
1 absolute necessity and the necessary occasions of the fam-
| ily alone excepted,) every person so offending shall l'olicit
; and pay the sum 01 ten shilling* foi every slave he, she, or
i they, shall so cause to work or labor.
I "Any peison who shall maliciously dismember ordepiive
j a slave ot life, shall suffer such punishment as would be
! inflicted in case the like offense had been committed 011 a
free person, and on the like proof, except in case of insur-
rection by such slave, and unless such death should hap-
pen by accident in giving such slave moderate correction,
<! If any person or persons whomsoever shall maliciously
deprive aslave or slaves of life, he, she, or they, so offend-
ing, shall be prosecuted by indictment, in the superior court
of the county in which «ueh offense may have been commit-
ted, in like manner as if the person or persons charged ^td
perpetrated a like offense 011 any free white person or per-
sons whomsoever; and on all such trials the same uile of
law and evidence shall obtain as on other tuals for murder.
And if, upon trial for such offense, any person or persona
shall bo found guilty of murder, he, she, or they, shall buffer
•inch punishment as would be inflicted in case the like of-
fense had been committed on afice white person; that is
to say, shall be hanged without the benefit of clergy ; and
it found guilty of manslaughter, shall bo punished by con-
finement at hard labor in penitentiary from two to four
years, 111 like manner as is usual in cases where any person
or'peisons is or are convicted of manslaughter committed
on a free white person or persons, except in ease of insur-
rection by such slave, and unlesssueh death should happen
by accident in giving such slave moderate correction. Any
0 wner, overseer, or employer of a slave or slaves, who shall
cruelly tieat "ruch slave or slaves, by unnecessary and ex-
cessive whipping, beating, cutting, or wounding, or by cru-
elly and unneec-saril) biung or teasing with dogs ; by with-
j holding proper food and sustenance; by requnmg greater
j labor from such >lavc or slaves than he, she, or they are
able to perform, 01 by not affording proper clothing for such
slave or slaves, whereby the health of such slave ot slaves
may he injuied and impaired, 01 cause 01 permit ihe same
to lie done, shall be guilty of a misdemeanoi,aiid,on con-
viction thereof, shall be punished by fine, or imprisonment
in the common jail of the county, or both, at the discretion
of the couit.
" Be it enacted, That the children, not exceeding five years
of age, ot any woman slave, and sucli woman slave, shall not
be sold separately, or exposed to sale by any executor, ad-
ministrator, guardian, or other trustee, nor shall they be
separated 111 any division made by any executor, adminis-
trator, guardian, or other trustee, but shall be placed to-
gether in one of the parts into which the estate to which
they belong is to be divided, unless such division cannot in
any wise be effected without such sepaiailon.
<* J2nd be it farther enacted, That if any person or per-
son* to whom such negio or negrooy, or other free person
of color, is bound, shall sell, or cause to be sold, into sia\cry
such negro or fiee person of color, he, she, or they, shall
be guiltv of a misdemeanor, and, on conviction thereof,
shall be "fined in a sum not exceeding five thousand dollar*,
01 imprisoned in the penitentiary, at hard labor, for a term
of years, not more than six nor less than two years, as the
coiirt may direct."
Thus showing that no slave can be ill treated,
without a violation of the Jaw; nor can any free
person be sold into bondage, without the person
thus offending subjecting himself to a heavy pen-
alty and imprisonment.
