1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBUS;
2m
Mr. BINGHAM. With the understanding
that I shall not lose my right to it.
REPORTS OP COMMITTEES.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 22) to prevent the sale of the
public lands, except to actual settlers, for ten
years after the same shall have been surveyed,
reported it without amendment, and adversely.
He a!so, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (H. R. No. 29)
directory to the Secretary of War, respecting cer-
tain surveys in Tennessee and Kentucky, re-
ported it without amendment, and adversely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 355) for the re-
lief of Alexander Albertson, of Platte county,
Nebraska, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 507) authorizing
the Secretary of the Interior to issue a land war-
rant to Daniel Davis, reported it without amend-
ment, with a recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. B1GLER, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the joint resolution
(S. No. 38) directing the settlement of the ac-
counts of the contractor for the erection of the
custom-house and post office at San Francisco,
California, reported it without amendment, with
a recommendation that it do pass.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (H. R. No. 32)
for the relief of Henry Woods, reported it with-
out amendment, with a recommendation that it do
pass.
Mr. THOMSON, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
545) granting a pension to Gregory Patti, re-
ported it with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 529,) granting a
pension to Martha Sanderson, widow of Major
Winslow F. Sanderson, reported it without
amendment, and recommended its passage.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 456) granting a
pension to James Alexander, an invalid soldier
of the war of 1812, reported it without amend-
ment, with a recommendation that it do pass.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 448) granting an
invalid pension to Esther P. Fox, widow of Au-
gustus C. Fox, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. BAYARD, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom were referred the memorial of
F. B. Sanborn, praying to be relieved from the
obligation to obey the summons to appear and
testify before the select committee of the Senate
appointed to investigate the circumstances con-
nected with the late invasion of Virginia at Har-
per's Ferry, presented February 27, I860; the
memorial of p'. B. Sanborn, praying; redress for
outrages alleged to have been committed against
him by Silas Carleton in executinga precept of the
Senate of the United States, presented April 10,
18G0; and additional papers ill relation to the claim
of F. B. Sanborn to redress for outrages alleged
to have been committed against him by Silas
Carleton in executing a precept of the Senate of
the United States, presented April 13, I860, asked
to be discharged from their further consideration;
which was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I am instructed by the select com-
mittee on the subject, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 451) to alter and improve the Senate
Chamber, to report it with an amendment. I
wish to give notice that the plan that is proposed
by the committee—which has been made out by
thearchiteet, under their direction—is in the C h am-
ber, and T wish Senators to examine it, for I shall
endeavor at an early day to call the attention of
the Senate to it.
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was recommitted the bill (H. R.
No. 272) granting a pension to Adelaide Adams,
widow of Commander George Adams, United
States Navy, reported it without amendment.
He also,"from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 450) for the re-
' Thomas Berry, reported it without amend-
lief of Thorn;
ment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 44C) for the relief
of Erastus Hutchins, reported it without amend-
ment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 460) granting an
invalid pension to William Eddy, reported it
without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 462) granting an
invalid pension to Hugh Baker, reported it with-
out amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 453) grunting an
invalid pension to Anselm Clarkson, of Missouri,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. FITCH, from the Committee on Printing,
to whom was referred the motion to print the
communication from WiiliamMedill,FirstComp-
troller of the Treasury, in reply to the preamble
and resolutions submitted by Mr. Greew, and
praying an investigation of the charges contained
in said resolutions, reported in favor of printing
the usual number; and the report was agreed to.
POST R6UTE PREEMPTION BILL.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. There was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands the bill
(H. R. No. 44) confirming certain land entiies
under the third section of the act of March 3,1855,
entitled "An act making appropriations for the
service of the Post Office Department during the
fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1856," with
certain amendments thereto. This is what is com-
monly known as the post route preemption bill.
In the first place the bill was passed by the House
and sent to the Senate. It was amended by the
Senate, and returned to the House as amended bjr
us. They have amended our amendments, and it
has come back to the Senate in that way. 1 am
instructed, on the part of the Committee on Public
Lands, to state to the Senate, that, from further in-
vestigation which they have made, and from fur-
ther information that has come before them, they
have radically changed their views in regard to
this measure. The committee do not think that
it is possible, in the condition in which the bill
now is, first with the amendments of the Senate,
and then the amendments to the amend ment which
were attached by the House and returned here
to us, that the bill can now be leached by them
in such a way as to present that policy which
they believe the Government ought to adopt.
Under those circumstances, I am instructed by
the committee to report it back adversely, and to
recommend that the bill and amendments lie on
the table, and to signify at the same time to the
Senate that it is the intention of the committee to
prepare a bill which will present those views
which they think ought to govern as the policy
of the Government in connection with the over-
land and through routes to the Pacific ocean.
VIRGINIA LAND WARRANTS.
Ml". BRAGG. The Committee on Public Lands,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 347) to de-
clare the meaning of the act entitled "An act to
make further provision for the satisfaction of Vir-
ginia land warrants," passed August 31, 1852,
have instructed me to report the bill back with
an amendment as a substitute, and to recommend
its passage with the substitute. As the object of
the bill is merely to declare the meaning of an act
which we believe has been misinterpreted at the
Department in relation to these warrants, 1 will
ask that the bill be now put on its passage. There
is no doubt whatever about the misinterpretation
of the act, and this bill is merely to declare the
meaning of that act.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
North Carolina asks the present consideration of
the bill just reported. If there be no objection,
the Secietary will read it for the information of
the Senate.
The Secretary read the substitute reported by
the committee, as follows:
Ttiat the Heeret.tr> of the Intel lor, in executing the pro-
visions ol the net passed August 31,18o2, entitled An act
making Imllilr jiiovi-ion tor the satisfaction of Viiginia
land \vaiiants.;: he requued so to conMitie the same as to
autbonze the satisfaction. m bCi,'p,of all wairant* or paits
ol warrants issued 011 allowances made by ibe Executive
ot Vii<niha. prior to the M day ol March, 18.32, coming
wlthiiKi'e pieieipied alread) lecoijnizt'ti by the Department
of tile Inte'ii'ir, m the execution of the provisions of the
said act. and whether issued before or since the 1st day of
March. 1852: Provided, hotccrcr, That 110 wanant 01 part
of a wartant shaii besatisfieil in scrip founded or issued on
any allowance made by the Executive of Virginia since
tile 1st (lav of March, 1S32.
Mr. HALE. Xet it lie over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being-
made, it must lie over. - : :
AEREST Of WITNESSES.
_ Mr. BAYARD. The Committee on tKe Judi-
cial y, to whom was referred the return of the
deputy Scrgeant-at-A'rms of the Seriate, getting,
forth the reasons why he failed to aijrest John
Brown, jr.; and also the return of the fleputy
Sargeant-at-Arms who had arrested Sanborn, to-
gether with a resolution instructing the commit-
tee to inquire and report whether any,and what,
further proceedings may be necessary to vindicate
the authority of the Senate, and to effect the ar-
rest of witnesses named in the warrant, have
instructed me to report a bill.
The bill (S. No.-'49G) concerning the Sergeant-
at-Arms of the Senhtc and the Sergcant-at-Arms
of the House of 'Representatives, was read a first
time, and ordered to a second heading.
Mr. BAYARD. The bill is attended by a re-
port, which I move to have printed. ■ •
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD. 1 give notice that I shallask
the Senate certainly to-morrow, during the morn-
ing hour, to take up that bill, because I do not
think there can be the slightest objection to its
passage by any one. It simply provides the same
power for thcSergeants-at-Armsofthe House and
Senate that is vested by the statute of 1789 in the
marshals of the respective districts in the execu-
tion of a process or order of either House—that
is all. 1 shall ask the Senate to-morrow to take
it up.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to say in regard
to the report which the Senator from Delaware,
the chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary,
has just submitted, that it docs not have my con-
currence. I concurred in the report of the bill,
but the report which was presented, I have not
had an opportunity to examine. The chairman
presented it, but it was at a time when there vvas
no opportunity for me to examine it. I wish
merely to state that I do not concur in the report
with the views presented in it, as I understand it.
Mr. FOSTER. I acquiesced with the commit-
tee m reporting the bill; but in regard to the report,
I have not heard the whole report read. I cannot
say, thcrefoie, that I dissent from it, nor can I
express my assent. A portion of the report which
I read I did accord with; but I cannot say that 1
accorded with the whole of it, because I have not
had an opportunityof hearing the whole of itread.
Mr. BAYARD. The report received the con-
currence of a majority of the committee, and, of
my own knowledge, of others who were notpres-
ent; but a majority of the whole.committee, who
were presentconstituting thecomhiittee,gave their
concurrence to it, and of course I reported it as
from the committee. I was perfectly aware—it
is right the honorable Senators should say so—
that one of them had not heard the report; and
to the other I read a portion this morning, suffi-
cient, I thought, to indicate its character. The
object of the report is to show, as we believe, that
the decision made on a technical question in the
case of Sanborn is erroneous. That question can
be brought up, if gentlemen desire to discuss it,
at any time. I, myself, am prepared to do it, for
I hold, both on authority and principle, it can bo
shown that the summary decision made in the San-
born ease is not maintainable in law. The report,
however, can be printed and seen for itself.
Mr. SUMNER. I understood the Senator from
Delaware to give notice that he should call up his
bill to-morrow morning.
Mr. BAYARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. SUMNER. I suggest that he should not
call it up until we have an opportunity of reading
the report.
Mr. BAYARD. Then I will say Monday morn-
ing. The report is not essential for action on the
bill. I give notice that I shall call it up on Mon-
day morning.
AMENDMENT OP EXTRADITION LAWS.
Mr. BAYARD. The Committee on the Ju-
diciary have also instructed me to report a bill,
which I shall ask the present consideration of by
the Senate; and to which, I think, there can be no
objection. It is a bill which has been drafted cm
the application of the Prussian mirtister', in order
to remove a defect in the form of our law which
carries into effect the stiptilations of the extr,idi-
