1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1779
lands, as they would any other property of the
United States, for the best value that can be re-
ceived by the Government. If I could be satisfied
that the effect of the present bill was to increase
the revenue, I should cheerfully vote for it, not
only as an amendment, but as a substantive bill.
I cannot, however, see how a reduction of the
public lands to twenty-five cents an acre, to be
paid in five years after the time when the party
has the usufructuary enjoyments, is to increase
the public revenue over the present system, which
is to sell the public lands at $1 25 an acre. But
it may be so.
Mr. PUGH. Allow me to make a suggestion
which will perhaps relieve the Senator's difficulty.
The Secretary of the Interior reports that no
money at all—not a dollar—has come into the
Treasury from the public lands for the last year,
except the twelve and a half cent lands. You keep
them is) market until they are graduated down to
the lowest price, and then people buy them. He
has not received a cent from your dollar and a
quarter lands. You may keep them at that price
until the day of judgment, and get 110 money.
Mr. BAYARD. I thought that would be the
effect of the graduation bill at the time it was
passed, and 1 voted against it. No doubt we
have by that bill reduced the price of some of the
lands to a nominal amount, and made it practically
a homestead bill. As I thought it was illusory in
its character, I voted against it, because I thought
its effect would be to destroy the public lands as
a source of revenue very materially. No doubt
the honorable Senator from Ohio states the fact
in regard to it; and without any information of
my own on the subject, I am willing to take his
statement. I had no doubt, reasoning, a priori that
such would be the necessary result, that only the
twelve and a half cents would be sold. 1 have
no doubt equally that, if you pass this bill, by
which you give the lands for twenty-five cents an
acre, to be paid for at the cud of five years after the
parties enter into the enjoyment of them, you
cannot expect to sell your lands at $1 25 an
acre, or any other price, in the interim. I
think that is the natural result; and therefore, I
really consider that, though this bill is far pref-
erable, in many respects, to any former bill that
has been presented, and though I could vote for
it much more cheerfully than for any other, I am
unable to see on what ground it is that Congress
parts with the property of the nation for the ben-
efit of the States in which the lands lie, and if we
are to do it at all, I would rather do it absolutely
and finally; that is, I would rather get rid of the
expense connected with the land-office system in
the States than merely charge twenty-five cents
an acre at the end of five years, which will not get
rid of the expense and will not pay the expense.
That is my objection on that scorc; but if we are
to pass it. 1 would rather convey the lands to the
States, and I think it is more appropriate that the
States should dispose of these matters as they see
fit.
As regards the question of homesteads, that, m
my judgment, is a question for the States. So
far as the provisions of the bills contemplate the
idea of securing to a man lajids under a with-
holding of the patent, as it is called, the evidence
of title, and yet at the same time granting him the
enjoyment of the land, and all its rents and profits,
you can never bring my mind to believe that it is
within the power of Congress to pass such a law.
The bill as originally framed, as it came from the
House of Representatives, contemplates the idea
that Congress have a right to grant lands to a man
on the condition that he cultivates them, and then
to take them free at the end of five years. That
is a mere grant of the land without any consider-
ation whatever moving to the Government.
I suppose the public lands of this country arc
the property of the country. _ I suppose the light
of disposition over the public lands is precisely
the same as the right of disposition over the taxes
or imposts that are laid by the authority of Con-
^ .1 . _ _ ty    ..1^ TT/-V _
individuals portions of the public lands, because
we are giving away the property of the Govern-
ment; and if we have a right to give away the
property of the Government m the shape of land,
we have the same right to give away the property
of the Government which exists in the shape of
imposts or taxes. You may grant out of your im-
posts and taxes, or out of your land, what may be
considered a gratuity in one event, for the general
benefit of the nation connected with pensions.
That is a different question. You grant pensions
with a view to the future interests of the country,
arising out of the necessity of paying for services
rendered to the country. 1 am aware that the pen-
sion system has been carried to an extent that, in
my ownjudgifSent, is not to be defended, and which
is entirely unadvisable; but still as to the basis of
the principle, I have no doubt that this country
has a right to say to its people, "if you engage
in war, if you become wounded in that war on ac-
count of services rendered, we will allow you a
pension; we will hold it out, not only for the past,
but for the future, in order to secure an available
force always for the defense of the country." I
do not care whether these pensions are granted
in the shape of land or money; they are equally
in the power of the Government. I have no doubt
about that. The question of the discretion, the
propriety of the grant, is a totally different matter.
"With these views of the power of the Federal
Government, I must necessarily bo opposed to
any gratuitous grant of lands which is not for
services rendered, or with a view to obtain service
in the future. I cannot consent, on the mere
ground of the general welfaie of the country, to
hold out a temptation to depopulate the older
States for the purpose of more speedily populating
the land States. I think it a ground inconsistent
with the form of your Constitution, the frame
of your Government, and the power .that was
delegated to you. That would be my objection
to any homestead bill whatever.
I have been led, sir, into these remarks—al-
though I did not intend, when I rose, to depart
from the amendment under consideration—from
the fact that I had originally intended to present
my views upon the bill as it came from the House
of Representatives, upon other points besides
those 1 have noticed, which I considered posi-
tively unconstitutional. 1 will state some of them
now.
The original bill from the House of Represent-
atives proposes to grant a right to the property,
because the grant of the profits of the land is a
grant of the land itself. On every principle the
patent is but the evidence of title. Where a con-
dition is imposed for the purpose of securing the
purchase money to the Government, I admit the
ri ht of the Government to impose it; but where
itBis imposed merely to alter and affect the laws
of the States, to create a homestead law, or the
right of an individual to preserve his property
fiom alienation whether the laws of the State al-
low it or not; to preserve his property from the
claims of his creditors, whether the laws of the
State allow it or not; I deny thepower ofthe Fed-
eral Government to dispose of the lands for any
such purpose. The distinction to me is very appa-
rent. We own the lands; we have the disposition of
them—I mean not as a political power: the po-
litical power of the Government is adistmct ques-
tion. The Government has a right to dispose of
the lands as piopcrty. The political power over
them when they are in a territorial condition is a
totally different question.
I Under the power of disposition, as the owners
of the land, I deny the right of the Federal Gov-
ernment, by withholding the evidence of title,
whether for five years or" for fifty years, to alter,,
as the hill from the House does, the descent of
land, or the alienation of land, under State laws.
Neither the one nor the other is within your
competency. It is a question for the States in
which the lands lie. The bill of the House, as
I road it, wont to the extent of providing that in
gress for the purpose of supporting the Govern- jj the case of a right
ment, and that we have no right to appropriate i| pa ont is merely the « dtnoe tl b
the one any more than we have to appropriate
the other, because we have the power of disposi-
tion. I do not mean to say that a court of justice
could seize hold of this if we chose to make a
gratuitous grant, and say that the title would be
void. Not at all; but I mean to say it is an abuse
of power when we grant without consideration to
to the land, the right to the enjoyment of its prof-
its, the right to perfect the title, should be vested
I in the party; but it undertook, under the name of
. a condition, to provide that that right should not
descend according to the laws of the State, but
' should "0 to the widow,and iftherewas no widow,
; to the heirs or d.-visees. The language shows
the carelessness with which bills are drawn in
reference to subjects-matter of this kind. The
language ofthe House bill is," heirs or devisees."
Which? The bill does not say. According to
tire common law, the devisee is the preferred per-
son—that is, the right of a party to divest his
land is a primary right beyond the right of.the
heir-at-law. Nemo est h&res viventis is the doc-
trine of the common law, and I suppose it per-
tains in all the States of the Union; and yet, ac-
cording to the construction of the House bill, it
would be a doubtful question whether the devi-
see, who would be entitled by the common law
(and the common law certainly is generally rec-
ognized) to take the place of the heir, would be
postponed to the heir. That is leff indefinite at
all events. But the right of the widow, beyond all
question, is a substituted right. I say it is the
descent of a right. The patent is the mere evi-
dence of title. You undertake to control the de-
scent of a right in a State under the name of a
condition, and if you can do it for five years, why
not for fifty?
You can then undertake—for that is the princi-
ple of the bill as it came from the House of Rep-
resentatives—to create what you call a homestead
bill; that is, a security to the party that one hun-
dred and sixty acres of land, or whatever quan-
tity may be granted, shall remain in the posses-
sion of himself, unalienable, for five years; and if
you can do it for five years, you can do it for
fifty: and that, in the event of his death, it shall
descend to his widow, not according to the course
of descent in the State; and that in the event of
there being no widow, it shall descend to the
heirs or devisees, leaving it indistinct whether the
heirs or the devisees are to be preferred. The
only distinct provision in the House bill is, that
in case there are minor children—collateral heirs
are not noticed, although they have a right cer-
tainly as heirs—there is a right given to sell and
dispose of this usufructuary right that you have
granted to third persons without reference to the
question of settlement.
Now, 1 think all this is not within your com-
petency. I think that if you choose to grant
lands, you must grant them absolutely, with one
exception. If you choose to grant lands to a
party, you may grant them by law; the patent is
not nccessary at all; it is a mere evidence 01 title*,
hut you cannot, under the name of suspending
the patent, impose upon the descent of the right
a mode of alienation, which differs from that pro-
vided by the laws of the State m which the lands
are situated.
1 am speaking of the House bill, gentlemen will
understand me. The objections do not apply to
the present bill reported by the committee of the
Senate. Again, the House bill not only does that,
but in a plain case it violates the Federal Consti-
tution. in my own State, the law is, that a judg-
ment binds subsequent acquisitions of land; in
some States it is not so, but in my own State it
is. Suppose that to be the law of the State where
this land lies: have you the right to provide, in an
act of Congress, even after you have parted with
the perfect title and vested it in an individual, that
the laws of the State shall not obtain, and that
the land shall not be liable for antecedent debts ?
That is one ofthe provisions of the House bill.
Mr. President, as to one of these objections,
a very able and distinguished man—certainly one
who was not disposed to diminish the powers of
the Federal Government—in one of his letters m
the Federalist, (I alludeto Alexander Hamilton,)
uses as an illustration of the case of a plain viola-
tion of the Constitution any attempt by Congress
to alter the descent oi alienation of lands in a
State. That was one of the strongest illustrations
in reference to the propriety of adopting the Fed-
eral Constitution—that it was not within the com-
petency of the Federal power. I caic not, as
regards the bill of the House, whether you take
the provision which prevents the right of a cred-
itor to attach the lands of the debtor, or to recover
his debt out of the lands of the debtor because ins
debt is antecedent to the time of the patent, or
whether you take those provisions which hang
up for five years the right of the creditor to attach
the property of his debtor and recover from it
i if the debt existed and the laws of the State al-
! low it; because you do not choose to giant the
1 evidence of title at the same time that you grant
the right to the land. In either case,in my judg-
