760
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
to whom was referred the petition of Ann E. T.
Partridge, widow of Captain Aiden Partridge,
formerly superintendent of the Military Academy
at West Point, praying to be allowed a pension,
submitted an adverse report; which was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. THOMSON, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of Wil-
liam R. West, alias Mooney, a soldier in the war
of 1812* praying to be allowed a pension, sub-
mitted an aaverse report; which was ordered to
bo printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Charles McCloskey,
praying that the pension he now receives may be
increased, submitted an adverse report; which
was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Peter Joseph, pray-
ing an increase of pension, submitted an adverse
report; which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
\*as referred the memorial of Emily L. Slaughter,
] >raying for a pension due her as the widow of
Commander A. G. Slaughter, of the United States
Navy, from the 9th September, 1853, to the date
of his decease, submitted an adverse report; which
?? ordered to be printed.
mails on the pacific coast.
Mr. GWIN submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
1*031 Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a daily line of post coaches from Saciamento
city, in the ^taio of California, to Portland, in the State of
Oregon.
detention of*merciiant vessels.
Mr. HAMLIN submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce bo directed
to inquire into the expediency of amending the law which
now requires the detention of a vessel for five days, enter-
ing from a foreign port, before the ovvnere or consignees can
commence discharging the same, and of reducing the same
to two days*.
PATENTEES.
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following: reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to'.
Resolved, That the Committee on Patent^ be directed to
consider the expedient:) of so amending the existing stat-
utes as to abolish all discrimination between Amoucan
citizens and foreigners in the office fue^; on the issue of
patents.
CALIFORNIA "WAlt DEBT.
Mr. HAUN submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous conscnt, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military AfFaiis and
Militia be instructed to inquire urotlie evpedicnev of pro-
viding for the payment of the debt inclined by the State of !
California in suppressing Indianhostilities in that State.
post office agencies.
Mr. GWIN submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous conscnt, and
agreed to;
Resolved, That the Committee on the Pont Office and Post
Roads bo instructed to inquire into the expediency ot di-
viding the Post Office agency on the'Pacific coast, so as to
have one aecnt for the State of California, and one for the
State of Oiegon and the Territory of Washington.
recommittal of a kill.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I was instructed by the
Committee on the Judiciary to report a bill (S.
No. 86) to amend the existing law s relative to the
compensation of the district attorneys, marshals,
and. clerks of the circuit and district courts of the
United States. I now desire to have that bill re-
ferred back again to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, which meets to-morrow morning. I move
that the bill be taken up for the purpose of being
referred back to the Committee on the Judiciary
for amendment.
The motion to take up the bill was agreed to;
and it was referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
pacific railroad.
Mr. GWIN. I offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That so much of the President's message as
refers to the construction of a Pacific railroad be referred
to a select committee, to he composed of nine members, to
be appointed by the President of the Senate.
I shall not ask for the consideration of that res-
olution now; but if I cannot get up the bill very-
soon, I shall ask the Senate to adopt it.
The resolution lies over.
deTjA'fiisld and mordecai's reports.
Mr. DAYIS. I move to withdraw a manu-
script, and I will state briefly the reason why:
Ordered, That the reports of Majors Delafield and Mor-
decai, as communicated to the Senate by the Secretary of
War, be withdrawn from the files of the Senate, and re-
turned to the War Department.
I have made the motion because, last year,
when these manuscripts were sent here from the
Secretary of War, it was the expectation that
they would be printed by Congress for the use of
the Army and militia. Having failed last year to
obtain an appropriation for the purpose, and this
year to obtain an order from the Senate to have
them printed, I deem it most proper now to return
the manuscript to the War Department, where it
will be .of some value in its manuscript condition,
and. where the Secretary will be informed that he
may not expect it to be printed by Congress, and
may take such other measures as he may deem
proper, in the event of his still wishing it to be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
national printing office.
Mr. FITCH. I wish to ask the consent of the
Senate to print the bill of the Senator from Mis-
sissippi, [Mr. Brown,] for the establishment of
a printing bureau. The committee and others,
members of the Senate, desire the bill to be
printed for examination. I move, therefore, that
the bill be printed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If no objection
be made, the motion will be put.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
103) to provide for the public printing, binding,
engraving, and lithographing, was ordered to be
printed.
property in territories.
Mr. BRIGHT. I have been trying to get the
floor for some time, for the purpose of moving to
take up the special order, so as to give the Sena-
tor from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale] an oppor-
tunity of addressing the Senate. I hope there will
be no objection.
Thu PRESIDING^OFFICER. By the com-
mon consent of the Senate, the special order for
half past one o'clock was laid aside., for the time
being, to enable Senators to present petitions, re-
ports from committees. &c. That having been
done, the question pending before the Senate is
the bill to prohibit the issue of bank notes in the
District of Columbia. Such order as the Senate
may please to make of that bill is at their control.
That is the question before the Senate.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President 
Mr. SLIDELL. I understood the Senator from
New Ilampshiie to say that he could address the
Senate, as he intended to do, perhaps, withoutde-
viating very much from the rules, on the pending
question. I certainly have no disposition at all
to interfere with what is understood to have been
the arrangement between Senators, or rather a
general understanding among Senators, that the
Senator from New Hampshire should address the
Senate to-day. If it be distinctly understood, on
all sides, that the bill now before the Senate shall
be put aside informally, with the general under-
standing flint, so soon as the Senator from New
Hampshire shall have concluded his remarks, it
will bo taken up, so that it may be the unfinished
business for to-morrow, I have no objection.
Mr. HALE. I have no objection to that.
The PRESIDING OFFICES. If no objec-
tion be made, the Chair will adopt what may
seem to be the general sentiment of the body.
The bill, then, which is the special order, will be
laid aside, for the time being, with a view to take
up the resolutions of the Senator from Missis-
sippi, [Mr. Brown,] upon which the Senator
from New Hampshire has the floor. Those res-
olutions are now under consideration before the
Senate.
The Senate accordingly resumed the consider-
ation of the following resolutions, subdftted by
Mr. Brown, on the 18th of January:
Resolved, That the Territories are the common property
of all the States; and that it is the privilege of the citizens
of all the States to go into the Territories with every kind
or description of property recognized by the Constitution
of the United States, and held under the laws of any of the
States; and that it is the constitutional duty of the law-
making power, wherever lodged, or by whon^oevr exer-
cised, whether by the Congress or by the Territorial Lejiis
lature, toenactsuch laws a4? may be found necessary for the
adequate and sufficient protection of such property.
Resolved, That the Committee on Territories be instructed
to insert, in any bill they may report for the organization
of new Territories, a clause declaring it to be the duty of
the Territorial Legislature to enact adequate and sufficient
laws for the protection of all kind* of property, as above
described, within the limits of the Territory; and that,
Upon its failure or refusal to do so, it is the admitted duty
of Congress to interpose and pass such laws.
The pending question was on the amendment
offered by Mr. Wilkinson, to strike out all after
the word "resolved," where it first occurs, and
insert:
That the Territories are the common property of the peo-
ple of the United States; that Congress ha-< full powerand
authority to pass all laws necessary and propci for the gov-
ernment of such Territories; and that, in the exercise of
such power, it is the duty of Congress so to legislate in
relation to slavery therein, that the interests of free laboi
may be encouraged and protected in such Territories.
Resolved, That the Committee on Territories be instructed
to insert in any bill that may be reported for the organiza-
tion of new Territories, a clause declaring that there shall
be neither slavery nor involuntary servitude in such Terri-
tories, except in punishment for crime, whereof the party
has been duly convicted.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I am greatly
obliged to the members of the Senate for their
kindness in giving me the floor this morning. 'I
have waited for it with some patience. I thought
that an unusual spirit of supplication, as well as
.©f resolution, pervaded the Senate to-day; for I
think I never heard so many prayers, [petitions,]
and so many resolutions uttered as have been here
this morning; and I hope tho.Senate are in a suit-
able frame of mind to listen to what I may have
to offer.
I have sat here, Mr,President, during this whole
session in comparative silence, while I have heard
the State which I have the honor, in part, to rep-
resent, and the States lying in the same part of the
country, and governed by the same political party,
accused of almost every crime that a civilized State
could be guilty; and the gentlemen who represent
those States upon this floor not spared individ-
ually from any censure which has been so freely
bestowed upon their States. But, sir, I shall not
stop to repeat or recapitulate the various oppro-
brious epithets, either substantive or adjective,
which have been heaped upon vis, but shall pro-
ceed to address myself to the subject.
I do not recognize this Senate as a tribunal be-
fore which any State may be arraigned; I deny
your jurisdiction entirely; but I do admit that
there is another tribunal before which States and
their representatives may be summoned, ^before
which they may be arraigned, and before whose
jurisdiction they must plead, and %vhose judgment
they must abide; and that is the enlightened public
sentiment of the country, of the age, of the world,
and of coming time. Prom that tribunal, sir, there
is no appeal; and before that tribunal, invective
and vituperation and declamation will not stand
for argument.
These various accusations which have been
brought against the States, the party, and the in-
dividuals, to whom 1 have referred, I think have
been summed up by the honorable Senator from
Georgia, [Mr. Toombs;] and as lie seems to stand
by the position which he has assumed in his speech,
as the attorney general of Ins section of the coun-
try, to prefer the bill of indictment against us—I,
though denying the jurisdiction of the tribunal to
which he summons us here, will answer before
the tribunal which I do acknowledge. While
there was in the speech of that Senator much, very
much, that was ollensive, and, as I read the law,
violative of the rules of parliamentary debate 011 this
floor, I recognize m that speech one peculiar merit,
and it gives me pleasure to acknowledge it. It
was put in the shape of an argument, and ill that
it was peculiar. Most other gentlemen who have
addressed themselves to the Senate, and through
the Senate to the country, have seemed to think
that invective and accusation and declamation
would stand in the place of argument; but the
Senator from Georgia so far recognizes the neces-
sity of establishing the positions which he takes
and the accusations which he brings, that he has
put his speech in the shape of an argument. He
makes propositions, enunciates them, and then
endeavors to sustain them. As I propose to de-
votetsome little attention to his speech, I have
selected the charges—notall of them,but the sub-
