1780
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
ment, you are plainly violating the principles of
the Federal Constitution; you are assuming a pow-
er that belongs not to the Federal Government,
but belongs to the States alone.
These would be my objections to the bill'from
the House, independent of the question as to the
power of disposition. My objections to the bill
now before the Senate, 1 admit, are very much
modified; and if the Senate is to pass any bill of
the kind, it is the least objectionable bill that could
possibly be framed; but I do not hold myself that
we have the power, under the nominal price of
twenty-five cents an acre, to be paid in five years,
to dispose of the public lands in that mode, unless
gentlemen satisfy me that the effect of the meas-
ure will be to produce to the Federal Government
more revenue than to hold the lands at $1 25 an
acre. If that were shown to be so, I should feel
myself at liberty to vote for the bill, if the result
is to be a pecuniary benefit to the Government in
the disposition of the lands; which is the sole
right, as I view it, which the Government of the
United States enjoys in the disposition of them
for the best consideration it can obtain.
1 do not speak of the power, but of the question
of the abuse of the power. I do not deny that, if
you choose to moke a grant, it is a valid grant to
that extent; whether it is on a credit of five years
for twenty-five cents an acre, or for one cent an
acre; or if you choose to grant lands absolutely
■without a cent, I admit it is within your power in
the same way that it is within your power to de-
clare war without causc; because the war-making
power belongs to you. The right to dispose of
the public lands is unlimited; and if you choose
to pass an act of Congress giving away the public
lands to a man without any consideration, with-
out any public benefit, without requiring the pay-
ment of any price to the Government, I admit the
law would be held valid by the courts of justice;
but 1 do not think it would be in accordance with
the intent of the Federal Constitution, or would
be just to those States of the Union in which pub-
lic lands are not situated.
As 1 consider the price fixed in this bill nomi-
nal, with my present views, unless gentlemen
convincc me that it is more to the advantage of
the revenue of the country that the bill should be
adopted as it comes from the Senate committee,
of course, I shall be compelled, though I shall
vote for it as an amendment to the House bill, to
vote against it on its final passage; but if I can be
convinced of that, I shall vote for it. As regards
this particular amendment, my objections to it
are what I have stated: that it is not germane to
the bill; it is a proper subject of inquiry in a sep-
arate bill, and it ought not to bo attached to the
present bill.
Mr. MASON. I think we should have more
time to consider this subject, and I move that
the Senate adjourn.
Mr. GWliV. 1 have made several verbal
amendments to the amendment which I proposed;
and 1 hope they will be read and acted on.
Mr. MASON. It can be done to-morrow very
easily.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I hope we
shall have a vote on the amendment.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
to adjourn is not debatable, unless it be with-
drawn.
Mr. MASON. I do not withdraw the motion.
Mr. WADE. I wish barely to give notice that
to-morrow I shall call on the friends of this bill
to sit it out, if they will, and not abandon it.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, *$pril 18, 18G0,
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton,
The Journal of yesterday was read andapproved.
NAVY-YARDS,
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Navy, trans-
mitting the testimony taken on the subject of
navy-yards; which was referred to the Commit*
tee on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
MEMBERS PAIRED OFI\
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire to state that I
have paired off with the% gentleman from New
York,[Mr.beale>]from to-morrow till Monday
week, on all political questions.
STATIONERY FOR. COMMITTEES.
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky, by unanimous con-
sent, offered the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Postmaster of this House inform the
House, at tho earliest possible moment, what amount of
stationery has been delivered and pharged to each com-
mittee for the present Congress.
CRIMINAL COURT OF WASHINGTON.
Mr. HICKMAN. I ask the consent of the
House to have taken from the Speaker's table a
bill (S. No. 344) relating to the criminal court of
the District of Columbia, and to have it put upon
its passage It will be remembered that, when
this bill was brought in the other day, there was
an attempt made to have it referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. I am perfectly satisfied
that, when tho membeis of this House come to
understand the object of the bill, there cannot pos-
sibly be any objection to its passage. There is
a great necessity, as I am informed, why this bill
should be passed at the earliest possible moment.
The presiding judge of the criminal court is indis-
posed, and so much so, indeed, as to render it im-
possible that he should discharge his duty.
By the act supplemental to the act organizing
the criminal court, passed in 1839, the judge of
that court was authorized to call on the senior
justice of the circuit court, in case he was unable to
hold court. That justice has been called upon from
time to time to sit in the criminal court; and he is
now required to perform double duties—the duties
of his own court, and those of the*criminal court.
The object of the bill in simply to enable the judge
of the criminal court to call on cither of the judges
of the circuit court, so as to distribute tho labors
between the judges of the circuit court. The term
of the criminal court commences on Monday next;
and as it will be impossible for the senior judge
of the circuit court to sit in the criminal court, the
term of the latter court cannot be holden unless
this bill shall be passed now. I therefore ask that
the bill shall be taken up and put upon its passage.
Mr. STANTON. I objected to this bill when
it was reported the other day, for no other reason
in the world than that it had not been examined
by a committee of the House. But I understand
that a committee has examined it and found it
right.
Mr. HICKMAN. 1 have examined the bill,
and made inquiries in regard to it, and have found
that it is right and ought to pass.
Mr. CRAWFORD. As a matter of course, I
cannot understand the nature of the bill without
having it read.
The SPEAKER. The question to be decided
now, is only whether the bill shall be taken up.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Well, I do not want any
legislation done in this House when there is less
than a quorum present. I want to have a call of
the roll, in order that we may have something like
a full House when legislation is being carried on.
I therefore mo\e a call of the House. I know
nothing about the gentleman's bill, but I desire to
have a sufficient number of members here to attend
to legislation.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I did not understand
the gentleman from Pennsylvania to state what
court the bill refers to.
Mr. HICKMAN. The criminal court of the Dis-
trict of Columbia. The bill is merely for the pur-
pose of enabling another judge to be called in to
hold court; the present judge of the criminal court
being entirely unable to preside, from chronic in-
disposition, and it not being likely that he will
soon be able to do so.
The question being on Mr. Crawford's motion
for a call of the House, the Speaker stated that the
motion was agreed to.
Mr. BARIvSDALE. I ask for a division. I
do not believe there is any necessity for a call of
the House.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I will say this: if any
member of the Judiciary Committee will rise in
his seat and state that he lias examined the bill,
and is satisfied with it, I shall have no earthly
objection to having it put upon its passage; but I j
do object to legislation here while there is less than '
half the members present. It is not because lam
opposed to the bill, but because of the fact that
wc cannot understand everything that is going on,
and must rely on the committees. If some of our
friends on the JudiciaryCommittee will rise and
give tho House information in regard to this bill,
then we can-vote with some degree of propriety.
That is my sole object. I do not object to the
bill, bccause I do not know anything about it. I
want to know what we are legislating about.
Mr. HICKMAN. I understand very well the
object of the remarks of the gentleman from Geor-
gia. They are entirely proper. There would be
no objection to this bill going before the Judiciary
Committee, to have the action of that committee
on it, if it were not for the fact that the term of the
criminal court commences next Monday. This
is a Senate bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would be glad to
know from the gentleman from Georgia whether
he withdraws his motion for a call of the House;
because, if not, this debate is not in order.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. HICKMAN. The gentleman from Geor-
gia merely wishes to be informed as to the pur-
pose in view in passing this bill. The necessity
arises simply fr.om the considerations which I
have stated. As I said, tho term of the criminal
court commences next Monday; and unless legis-
lation is had on the subject during the present
week, that court cannot hold its sittings, as it is
impossible for the presiding judge of the circuit
court, who is the only person enabled by the act
of 1839 to supply the place of the presiding judge
of the criminal court, to hold the term; and it is
not at all likely that the presiding judge of the
criminal court will at any time soon be able to
resume his duties. He is understood to be suf-
fering from chronic indisposition.
Mr. BRANCH. I suggest to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania to have the bill read, and per-
haps no one will object to it.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I ask whether this is
a temporary provision, limited to one term of the
court?
Mr. HICKMAN. No, sir, it is not; and for
this reason: there is no probability at all, as I
am informed, that the presiding judge of the crim-
inal court will at any time soon be able to dis-
charge his duties; and at present all these duties
devolve on a single man—tho presiding judge of
the ciicuit court—who is unable to discharge the
duties of both courts. This bill is to distribute
the duties between ail the judges of the circuit
court. That is its whole purpose.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Does the bill increase
the compensation of the judges?
Mr. HICKMAN. I Relieve not. That is my
rccollcction of the bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have not read the bill. It
has not been before the Judiciary Committee. But
one of the judges on whom it will bear, made a
statement to mc yesterday. He says the only
object of the bill is to distribute the labor between
the judges of the circuit court, instead of confiding
it to the presiding judge of that court; and that it
will not increase the expenditures in any way. I
have not read the bill at all.
The SPEAKER. Let the bill be read.
The bill was read. It repeals the first and
seventh sections of the act approved February 20,
1839, entitled " An act to amend an act entitled
' An act to establish a criminal court in the Dis-
trict of Columbia;'" and enacts that whenever
the judge of the said criminal court, from sickness
or any other legal cause, shall be unable to hold
the said court, he shall give notice thereof to the
judges of the circuit court of the District of Co-
lumbia, or if he be unable from -any legal causo
to give such notice, it shall be given by the mar-
shal of the District of Columbia; and thereupon
one of the said judges of the circuit court of the
District of Columbia shall, by arrangement among
themselves, hold tho said criminal court during
the temporary inability of the judge of the said
court; provided, however, that no judge of the
said circuit court of the District of Columbia, after
once holding said criminal court during the tem-
porary inability of the judge of the said criminal
court, shall be required, unless with his own con-
sent, on any subsequent occasion of a temporary
inability of said judge of the criminal court, to
hold the said criminal court again until it vhall
have been holden by each of the other two judges
of the said circuit court of the District of Colum-
bia, it being the intent and meaning of the act to
