I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
339
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Property in Territories—Mr. Toombs.
Senate.
principle. They augur misgovernment at a distance, and
&nuft* tyranny in the tainted breeze."
One of the greatest of our own statesmen, often
called the Father of the Constitution, in a paper
of great force and merit, which he drew up in
1784, protesting against the action of the Virginia
Legislature, tending, in his judgment, to infringe
the rights of conscience, strongly applauded this
same characteristic of our people. He said:
"It is proper to take r.larm at the first experiment on our
liberties. We hold this prudent jealousy to be the fust
duty of citizens, and one of the noblest characteristics of
the late Revolution. The frepmen of America did not wait
till usurped power had stiengthencd itself by exercise, and
entangled the question in precedents. They saw the con-
sequences in the punciple, and they avoided the conse-
quences by denying the principle. We levere this lesson
too much soon to iorget it."
Sir, the disregard of this sentiment has brought
upon us many of our present dangers. We, too,
must not wait until dangerous and unsound po-
litical principles shall have strengthened them-
selves by cxercise, or shall have entangled us in
precedents. We have had quite enough of these
evils already. It is time to augur danger in the
distance, and to warn the country of its rapid ad-
vance. Sir, let us examine what sort of abstrac-
tions these are, for we cannot avoid them by calling
them abstractions. When the fundamental prin-
ciples of our Government, of all social order, are
condemned; when new and dangerous theories
and dogmas are attempted to be interpolated upon
our political system; when our dearest constitu-
tional rights and highest constitutional duties aie
attempted to be wrenched from our hands and
placed in the hands of others, and that, too, with
the avowed purpose of enabling the new possess-
ors to destroy those rights by neglecting these
duties, it is too late to answer mc by crying:
"Peace! peace! be still; these are abstractions."
Public duty demands of me to defend these rights,
thus assailed. I shall begin this duty by a con-
sideration of the fifth resolution. The rest, £ be-
lieve, have attracted but little attention, and prob-
ably meet very general acquiescence. The fifth
resolution declares:
"That if experience should at any time prove that the
judicial and executive anthouty do nor po^ess moan^ to
insure adequate protection to constitutional rights in aTer-
ritoiy, and if the territorial government should fad oi re-
luse to provide the necessary lemedies tor that purpose, it
will be the duty of Congress to -supply such deficiency.'"
The resolution proposed at Charleston, which
was commented on by my honorable friend from
Illinois [Mr. Douglas] so largely the other day,
announces identically the same principle, and only
carries it everywhere else as well as to the Tei ri-
tones, thus giving it a more enlarged application,
with the addition of a lew words merely explain-
ing this resolution, and no doubt carrying outthe
intention of the draughtsman. I appro\ e of every
word of it. I would simply add to it, "to the
extent of its constitutional powers." In other
words, the duty of this Government i#*to main-
tain the constitutional rights of the people in the
Territories, in the States, everywhere, to the ex-
tent of its constitutional power. That is a plain
principle. It is one that has leceived universal
approval in all centuries and in all countries. For
this object mainly Governments were instituted
among men. It is the corner-stone of the social
fabric, neither affected by the forms of Govern-
ment nor the ^tate of civ ihzatton. Therefore, as
this resolution contains nothing but this plain
truth, every where acknowledged. I think it would
be but fair to th<-> honoiable Senator from (Unions
to restrict ins denunciation rather to what he sup-
poses to be the misappliea'ion of the principle,
than (o the principle itself; and, therefore, [ assume
that he objected to its application, and not to the
soundness of the piiuciple.
How could youestablish a Government \v ithout
the power, coupled with the duty, of using all its
appropriate functions to secure the exercise ot
evciy right of every one of its citizens or subjects?
It belongs to no particular form. Whether it be
monarchical, or republican, or a mixed Govern-
ment, this duty belongs to all equally. It is tlm
life-blood of all Governments. It is the price of
obedience, of allegiance; and without it no man
and no people can or ought to submit to any form
of government upon earth. Go buck to the most
distant ages of tune, and you will find this prin-
ciple recognized and cherished by all peoples,
barbarous and civilized, and in every intermediate
stage. Go to all systems of jurisprudence; go to
all the publicists in every age, and you will find
this principle has been everywhere acknowledged.
But it is denied here, and not only denied, but it
has been affirmed, in this the nineteenth century,
in the Senate of the United States, that the asser-
tion of the principle of the resolution that I have
just read,by the Charleston convention, is a dis-
union measure; and if it is insisted upon, it must
necessarily overturn the Union of the States.
If it be true, the Union of these States cannot
stand with the Constitution of the United States;
if it be true, the Union of these Slates cannot stand
on principles that all other Governments have
stood on; it is bid genei'is, incapable of standing
on those fundamental principles which alone hold
society together. We not only govern our own
people in our own territory, to the whole extent
of our jurisdiction, but both the political parties
of this country, whose late proceedings have been
brought into this body, declare it to be the duty
of this Government to protect our citizens—native
and naturalized—not only within our own territo-
rial jurisdiction, but to the utmost parts of the
earth. I am quite aware of the supposed polit-
ical necessity which impelled all parties, both at
Charleston and Chicago, to give this broad recog-
nition to this right of protection to naturalized citi-
zens. It was no abstraction when applied to them;
it nieaniuof/"?. Here it was neither an abstraction
nor dangerous to the Union; and therefore, I sup-
pose, was adopted'' unanimously and by acclama-
tion." Nor was it done grudgingly, but with
princely hberality.
You bind us to go to China; to go to Russia; to
make war in Germany, or with the Gtueen of Eng-
land, or wheiever else on the face of the earth it
may be necessary, m order to protect the natural-
ized citizen in his life, his liberty, his property,
and all other rights of citizenship; and yet you
are paralyzed, your hands are tied, when you are
called upon to protect the property of your native-
born sons, even m Torritones won by their toil
and blood. Then the Union is in danger; then
we hear of abstractions; then it becomes an issue
of union or disunion, even to put the recognition
of this right m a party platform, the frailest of all
depositories of political truths; and, thanks to
Providence, of political errors as well. I do not
dispute the proposition that we are hound to pro-
tect native or naturalized citizens. You have the
right, and it is your duty, to protect both every-
where. This duty is limited only by your power
and tile safety of the State. But what are the rights
of either native or naturalized citizens in foreign
countries, must be determined by your treaties,
and the laws of nations. With these modifica-
tions, I accept the principle of protection as claimed
by Hs advocates; but where two independentStates
'are claiming conflicting rights or duties, in respect
of the same person, what are his rights must be
determined by the laws of nations and your
treaties, not by our municipal laws, and still less
by paity platforms.
"But then, when a right is asceitamed and clear-
ly fixed, nothing but the most dire necessity,
without a greater danger to the State, can relieve
any Government of this gieat duty of protecting
its people in their rights of personal liberty and
propei ty: and we have done it, sir. We have
followed our citizens under our (lag to all parts of
the earth. We have followed them in distant
lands, in pursuit of lawful occupations, wheiever
they might lawfully travel or reside, under our
treaties and the laws of nations. We have watched
over them, cared for them, protected them, then-
property and pursuits, against wrongs. That is
right. It is the glory of your Government that
you shall perform this duty well everywhere. It
is a disgrace to your Government if you should
not do it at home. Whenever your flag floats;
wherever you have jurisdiction in your own coun-
try, and to the uttermost extent of that jurisdic-
tion, it is your duty to bring the power of the Re-
public to vindicate, to protect, all the right^of the
humblest citizen in the land. This is the princi-
ple: it is conceded it can go everywhere else; can
take the win^s of the morning and fly to the utter-
most parts of the earth, and there search for and
save every right of every citizen. You can find no
spot of ground on which this is not law and duty
except in the Territories of the United States of
America. That is the only place where I ever
heard of -the right being disputed. I want to in-
quire into this exception. I demand to know why,
where our jurisdiction is paramount and exclu-
sive, our constitutional powers cannot be used to
protect every right of person and property, in the
common Territories as well as everywhere else?
Sir, if you will look through your State and
Federal constitutions everywhere, you will find
written in letters of light the recognition of this
principle. The whole complex machinery was
built up to secure projection to the citizen. For
what have you Governors and judges and legisla-
tors and sheriffs in States? For what does the
Constitution of the United States provide execu-
tive, legislative, and judicial departments ;for what
does it grant power to lay and collect taxes, du-
ties and imposts; to define and punish piracies
and other offenses on the high seas and offenses
against the law of nations; to declare war; to raise
and support armies; to provide for calling forth
the militia to execute the laws of the Union?
For what does it enjoin the high duty on this Fed-
eral Government to protect each State against
invasion from without and domestic violence ?
Sir, there is but one answer—protection, protec-
tion.'
Sir, our system is one, too, that is sufficient
for all these things. The resolution asserts the
duty of protection of constitutional rights. Show
mc a right secured by the Constitution of the
United States anywhere within your territorial
limits, and I will show you a power to protect it.
We talk loosely of this being a Government of
opinion; we loosely talk of sovereignty in the peo-
ple. That is very well in some placcs—in fourth
of July orations, when men sometimes talk as
though it were a pity to mar sounds by talking
sense. Sir, the people of the several States of
this Union are sovereign, and in the cxercise of
that sovereignty made their State governments,
and made this Government, and clothed them
with powers to protect the rights of each and
every citizen against all assaults, from whatever
quarter they may come, either from without or
from within, even from the people themselves. .
While we speak of governments of consent,
the philosophical inquirer into our system will
see behind the even-balanced scales of justice the
gloaming sword. It represents the power of the
people; it represents the majesty of the laws. If
you acquiesce m the just administration of its
rightful laws, you can call it a government of
consent, if it pleases you; oppose the exercise of
its rightful powers and duties, that gleaming
sword settles the question here as well as at St.
Petersburg, and ought to do it. You may take
the most trifling article of property and the most
inconsiderable, in any State of the Union, under
a State constitution, and whenever necessary the
public power protects it. Bring an action of
trover for a horse in Oregon—his value is imma-
terial—let your right be established by the hum-
blest judicial oliicerhavingcognizanceof the cause
m that distant State, and you can be protected in
that right by the whole power of the Confederacy.
If the officer who seeks to execute process, in
order to put you in possession of your own, is
resisted by illegal violence, he can call upon the
sheriff to give him the power of the county to
aid him in the execution of his duty. If the re-
sistance is too great for that, the next call is on
the Governor, for the whole militia of the State.
If this shall prove inadequate or unavailable for
the execution of the law, then the President may
be called upon in the mode prescribed by the
Constitution. Then the entire Army, the entire
Navy, the entire militia of the United States, can
bfj matched to those distant shores to protect the
most humble claimant m the secure enjoyment of
his property. That is your Government. It rec-
ognizes no sovereignty—popular or other sover-
eignty—in the Territories or elsewhere; no power,
no means, lawful or unlawful, ►strong enough or
crafty enough, either by action or by non-action,
to wrench one constitutional right from the grasp
of the feeblest hand that owes her allegiance. The
law is the supreme power in this land, made king
by the sovereign people of the States—the only
sovereigns the law recognizes. This king—the '
law—goes into sovereign States and has itself
