1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB1.
which he has received no compensation. He
has spent live years before Congress trying to
get his pay. He first went before the Court of
Claims, and then came here; and after a bill has
passed giving him some compensation, according
to the amount fixed by the PostOfficc Committee,
without any instigation of his, it has been vetoed
by the President, because the amount was too
great. I trust something will bedonefor his relief.
Mr. YULEE. A single word only in reply.
I do not propose to enter into the particular merits
of the case. The simple point is this: that the
claimant had estimated for himself what he sup-
posed to be the value of the service, as it appears
now by the account filed in the Post Office De-
partment, and submitted to Mr. Campbell for his
approval. He claimed, specifying the number of
trips, and the value of each, $25,180; and Mr.
Campbell, after a review of the whole case, and
the report made upon it by the clerk of the office,
which is here, decided against it. The value of
the service was then estimated at $25,180, while
it appears that the effect of this bill will be, upon
a calculation which I make, excluding Sundays,
o'ver seventy thousand dollars; and upon a calcu-
lation made at the Department, mcludingSundays,
over eighty thousand dollars. That is the whole
case. The purpose of the President has been to
enable Congress to review the matter, and take
further action, if they think proper.
Mr. CHANDLER. I do not wish to detain the
Senate on this subject. I merely desire to state
that the explanation given on that identical point
in regard to Captain Edwards running a steam-
boat for four years and carrying the mails, is pre-
cisely as if he were running his boat for four years
without bills of lading, and then to ask him to
guesshow much he carnedinthefouryears. Now
there is not a Senator on this floor but what un-
derstands perfectly well, when a man runs a steam-
boat and lias never had a bill of lading and never
knew what he had on board, and you then ask
him to guess how much lie carried in four years,
he would not give a very accurate guess.
One word more, sir, and that is on the point of
computation. This message supposes that Cap-
tain Edwards carried the great through mail every
time he ran his boats. This was not the case, as
I am informed by other proprietors. They did
not carry the great through mail at every trip, or
anything like every trip. All he had to do under
the bill was to prove how many times he did ac-
tually carry the great through mail. This is all
I have to say on the subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
call the roll.
Mr. YULEE. What is the shape of the ques-
tion on which we are to vote?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is,
Shall the bill pass, the objection of the President
to the contrary notwithstanding.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 21, nays 30, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bingham, Cameron, Chandler, Cl.irk,
Collamer, Dixon, Durfcee, Fessenden, Fitch, Foot, Foster,
Games, Hale, Hamlin, Sewaid, Simmons, Sumner, Trum-
bull, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—-21.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Benjamin, Bigler, Bragg, tirignt,
Krown, Ohesnut, Ciininnan, Crittenden, Davis, Fitzpat-
rick, Green, Hunter, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson ot
Tennessee, Kennedy, Lane, Latham, Mallory, Mason,
Nicholson. Peaice, Powell, lUco, SebUbiian3 fcUdell, I *iom-
son. Toombs, Wigfall, and Yulee—30.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Two thirds not
having voted in the affirmative, the bill does not
become a law.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Buchanan, his Secretary, an-
nounced that the President had this day approved
and signed the following acts and resolution:
An act (S. No. 22) for the relief of John Scott,
Hill W. House, and Samuel O. House;
An act (S. No. 188) forthe relief of the surviv-
ing grandchildren of Colonel William Thompson,
of the revolutionary army of South Carolina;
An act (S. No. 238) for the relief of M. C.
Gritzner;
An act (S. No. 371) for the relief of certain set-
tlers in the State of Iowa; and ...
A joint resolution (S. No. 27) authorizing the
settlement of the accounts of John R. Bartlett,
late commissioner of the United States to run and
' mark the boundary line between the United States
and Mexico, and for other purposes.
FINAL ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. BRIGHT. I now move to take up the
resolution fixing the day of adjournment.
Mr. PEARCE. Itonly wants a minuteof the
time fixed for taking up the special order. It is
scarcely worth while, it seems to me, to take up
this resolution.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on a
division—ayes twenty-seven;.noes not counted.
The Secretary read the resolution of the House
of Representatives, as follows:
In the Hoose or Representatives, Jlfay21.
Resolved, (The Senate concurring,) That the President
of the Senate and the Speaker of the House of Represent-
atives declare their respective Houses adjourned sine die
on Monday, the 18th of June next, at twelve o'clock, me-
redtan.
Mr. BAYARD. I move to amend the resolu-
tion bystrikingouttheword " next," andinsert-
ine the word " instant."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair calls up
the special order at this hour, which is the unfin-
ished business of yesterday, the military appro-
priation bill.
Mr. HALE. I move to postpone the special
order, for the purpose of disposing of this resolu-
tion.
The VICE PRESIDENT put the question, and
announced that the motion was agreed to.
Mr. BIG-LER. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair paused,
and there was no call for a division; but, by
unanimous consent, the question may be taken
by yeas and nays.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask for the yeas and nays
on it.
Mr. LANE. I object.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I think we had better take
a direct vote on the resolution. I object to it,
therefore. I believe the Senator from Oregon, on
my left, has also objected to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the question
is on the amendment offered by the Senator from
Delaware, to strike out the word " next," and
insert the word " instant."
Mr. SL1DELL. I hope the Senator from Del-
aware will withdraw that amendment. The res-
olution comes from the House of Representatives
under a certain date, and "next," taken in its
connection in this instance, means instant. If we
were to change it, and make the amendment now,
it would be in the power of the House to hold it
up, and not act upon it. I trust the Senator from
Delaware will withdraw it.
Mr. B A YARD. I withdraw it, though I think
it is proper.
Mr. CAMEPvON. I do not intend to occupy
the time of the Senate more than a moment. I
rise only to say that I trust no Senator on this ?ide
of the House will vote for the adjournment until
we dispose of the question of the tariff. I think
I need say nothing more.
Mr. BIGLEIl. I rose for the very purpose of
saying substantially what my colleague has said.
For myself, I cannot vote to fix the day of final
adjournment, so long as so many measures of
great public importance are on the files notdecided.
The measure which most interests my constitu-
ents—the tariff bill—has not been even reported
to this body. I know, sir, that the people of
Pennsylvania will expect my colleague and my-
self to use every reasonable effort to secure a fair
and deliberate consideration ot that measure. I
am unwilling to be hemmed in by the day of ad-
journment. If the day of adjournment be once
fixed for the 18th, it will be utterly impossible to
give this great measure full consideration. I trust
that this resolution will not be concurred in, and
that the day of adjournment will not be fixed at
present. 1 know it can be said that the resolu-
tion can be repealed or revoked, if it is found im-
possible to get through. I think it will be time
enough, when we have passed the mam appropri-
ation0bills, to take up this subject of adjournment.
It may be that in a few days we shall see what
the disposition of the Senate is on this question
of the tariff, and then I shall be as ready to ad-
iourn as any member of this body.
Mr WILSON. Mr. President, 1 wish simply
to say that I think the Senate cannot concur in
this resolution of the House to adjourn on the
18th without sacrificing measures ot importance
to the country. The House of Represents!lives,
during the last three or four months, has labored
with great zeal. The House is, and has been, al-
together ahead of the Senate in its,business. So
far as adjourning on the 18th is concerned, I think
the House of Representatives, whehit passed this
resofeition, was m a condition to adjourn on that
day, with reference to the public business.. . The
Senate is not in that condition; it has not been in
that condition. A vote of the Senate to concur In;
this resolution of the House, in my judgment, is
sacrificing the public business, and great questionst
of public importance, to our own personal conve-
nience. I am opposed to it.
Mr. BROWN. I shall vote against this reso-
lution. 1 feel now precisely as I did two years
ago when a similar resolution was moyed, that it
is our duty to stay here and attend to the public
business. This great haste to get away ana leave
the public business unattended to does not meet
my approbation.
1 have hearduit suggested—how far that may
enter into the consideration of certain Senators to
pass this resolution I do not know■—that if it is
sent back to the House they will insist upon
staying mainly with a view of passing a tariff
law. Well, sir, let them stay. While they are
doing that they will be passing other laws. Sup-
pose we getthe adjournment: if there beapower
m the House determined to have .the tariff, they
will defeat an appropriation bill, and compel the
President to reconvene Congress right oft'. Sup-
pose you force it off until next winter: how much
does the country gain by that ? We get past a
presidential election without a tariff. I do not
want to go into the presidential election without
seeing what are the issues to be made, who makes
them, and who stands on this side and the other.
I want to meet fairly all the questions that come
up; the tariff question, the railroad question, and
afl other questions; and I shall not, lor consider-
tions of this sort, agree to abandon the Capitol
and leave the public business unattended to.
Mr. GWIN. Mr. President, I do no.t think
that either House is ready to adjourn, and there-
fore I shall vote against tiiis resolution. I am as
anxious to adjourn as any member of this Senate;
but I think the House has now before it, and with
some prospect of success, the most important
question that has been considered this session;
and that is the subject of a Pacific railroad. We
have been waiting for months for the House to
act on that bill, with the promise, almost the
guarantee, that we shall have a bill sent to us. I
have been hoping that they would finally send us
a bill that we could act upon. I think during this
week they will mature a bill that will pass the
House, and then, when it comes to the Senate, I
hope we will act upon it. Certainly, I will never
vote for an adjournment as long as there is the least
prospect of getting that question acted upon during
this session. I now believe that the House can
mature a bill which they can pass during this
week; and if so, we ought to act upon it in the
Senate before we adjourn. That is a question in
which I take more interest, and in which my con-
stituents are more deeply interested, than in any
other before the Senate, not excepting the appro-
priation bills. I have had an abiding hope that the
House might agree upon, and pass and send to the
Senate, such a bill as we could act upon without
any amendments, and pass it through this body.
I still entertain that hope; and aating upon that,
I do not intend to vote for the adjournment until
that question is finally decided in the House, and
then we can take it up in the Senate. 1 am pre-
pared to bring the session to a close as soon as
possible; but not until then shall I vote for an
£idiournnicnt. _
Mr. HALE. I did not hear the Senator from
California; but I want to ask him if he said the
House would not be ready to adjourn on the 18th ?
Mr. GWIN. 1 stated that the House, prob-
ably to-day or to-morrow, would act on a ques-
tion of great consequence to the whole country,
and especially to my constituents; and I hoped
would be enabled to pass a bill, which, if they
did pass, we should want more time than next
Monday week, in the Senate, to consider it; and
I do not want to adjourn until we are through
with our business.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I think the best way
of getting at the will of the House is by.the ex-
pression they have sent to us in an authentic form.
They have indicated to us that they are ready to
adjourn on the 18th, and we have no intimation
that that is not the true judgment of the House
