762
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
argument to you, and say that the kidnapping
of this boy was the natural and legitimate result
of the doctrines which you preach; because the
Supreme Court have decided that these persons
have no rights which white men are bound to
respect; and the natural and legitimate result of
such a doctrine as that will be to take and to make
slaves of a class who have no rights that white
men are bound to respect. But, sir, we do no
such thing. Wc did not believe, and we do not
believe now, and never have believed, that there
was anybody responsible for thatkidnapping, ex-
cept the party upon trial, and against whom the
offense was proved.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the Senator pardon
me a moment?
Mr. HALE. Certainly.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the Senator be kind
enough tostate when and where the Supreme Court
of the United States, or any judge of it, ever said
that colored people had no rights that white peo-
ple were bound to respect?
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir; in the Dred Scott case.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I thought that calumny
had been exploded long ago; but I will inform the
Senator that, if he wilf take the trouble to read
that decision, he will find that the only place in
which that sentence is used, is in a passage of the
opinion of the Chief Justice, where he says, m
"making a historical summary, that in former
times it was supposed that these unfortunate peo-
ple had no rights that white people were bound
to respect. lie is there giving a historical sum-
mary of the condition in which these people were
prior to the Revolution; and there is not a sylla-
ble in the entire opinion having the remotest bear-
ing upon or authorizing any such construction to
be put upon the language of the court or the Chief
Justice. If the Senator will read it I shall be
glad, if it is at hand. I am sure it is so.
Mr. HALE. There has been more difficulty
in ascertaining what the Drcd Scott decision actu-
ally decided, than;there was about a famous let-
ter that was written a good many years ago by
the-Secretary of State to a distinguished member
of this body now. I refer to what ia familiarly
called the JS"icholson letter. We all know that
there were more constructions put upon that, than
upon any disputed text of Scripture in the world;
and I confess I do not know to-day what is the true
faith upon that letter. I have heard so much said
about this Dred Scott decision, that I do not know
what was decided. I suppose, literally and judi-
cially, there was nothing decided in it that any-
body is bound to respect, except the fact that
Dred Scott had no right to bring his action there;
and everything else that the court undertakes to
decide is extra-judicial, and brought m improp-
erly and extrajudicially, and ought not to have
been there: but 
Mr. BENJAMIN". If the Senator will permit
me, what I assert is, that, 011 a careful reading of
that decision, there is nothing in opinion, or de-
cision, or declaration, by any judge, stating that
to be his opinion, under any circumstances.
Mr. HALE. I will read it. I remember a very
wise maxim of Lord Coke, that I learned when I
was a boy. He'said, "One man averreth one
thing, and another another; but the verity is the
record.3'- I have got the record here, and I will
read it. The Chief Justice, in his opinion in the
Dred Scott case, says:
<c It is difficult, at tins day, to realize the state of public
opinion in relation to that untoitunate race, which pie-
vailed in the civilized and enlightened portions of the woild
at the time of the Declaration oflndependence, and when
the Constitution of the United" States was framed and
adopted. But the public history of every European nation
displays it m a manner too plain to be mistaken.
"They had, for more than a century before, been re-
garded as being* of an inferior order, and altogether unfit
to associate with the white race, cither in social" or political
relations ; and so far inferior, that they had no rights which
the white man was bound to le.-pect."
That is the basis of the argument, the histori-
cal basis of argument which the Chief Justice lays
down to justify him and the court in the conclu-
sion to which they come. I know very well, ac-
cording to my reading of the Dred Scott decision,
that that is not law, neither is any part of it law 
I mean any part of it matter that was legally be-
fore the court, except the question which arose on
the plea in abatement, whether Dred Scott had a
right to bring an action in that court; and in that
I am supported by one of the best lawyers on that
bench. I am willing to leave to any tribunal
whether I am sustained, or not, in" the declaration
I have made.
But, sir, I leave that part of the speech of the
Senator from Georgia which relates to the action
of my own State where I put it; and I now pro-
ceed to another part, that is to be found not only
in the speech of the Senator from Georgia, but in
almost every other speech that has been made on
this subject, and that is, a most solemn appeal to
us to reverencc and abide by and obey the con-
struction of the Constitution which they give, be-
cause it has been solemnly decided to be the law
by the Supreme Court of the United States. The
State of the honorable Senator from Wisconsin
[Mr. Doolittle] was reprimanded for having the
audacity to send Senators here, after the supreme
court of* that State had decided that your fugi-
tive slave law was unconstitutional. Now, sir,
I desire to meet that question right here, dis-
tinctly and unequivocally and plainly. I have
heard this appeal made over and over again, I
think, by nearly every gentleman who has ad-
dressed the Senate from the other side of the Cham-
ber—this appeal to the Supreme Court; and by
nobody with more emphasis than by the Senator
from Georgia. If the State of Wisconsin is guilty
of audacity in sending Senators here after that
State has decided that statute to be unconstitu-
tional, I will appeal to the honorable Senator him-
self. I will waive the enlightened public sentiment
of mankind; but I will take his opinion upon what
he thinks of the State of Georgia, after I shall have
read the record which I propose to read in refer-
ence to that State and the Supreme Court of the
United States; and in doing it, let me not be mis-
understood. I am not going to intimate that the
State of Georgia was not right: I declare that the
bias of my mind is, that she was; but when I read
that history, I will only say that, while I shall
listen with all patience to anybody who chooses
to lecture me on reverence for the Supreme Court,
I will ask the man who undertakes to lecture me,
if ho has read the solemn judicial decision of his
own State, in which, as late as 1854, the supreme
court of that State boasted that they had treated
the decision of the Supreme Court of the United
States with profound contempt?
Sir, the doctrine about the infallibility of the
Supreme Court of the United States is a new tune
from that side of the House; itis a very new doc-
trine. It does not surprise me; but it does surprise
me coming from that side of the House. What is
the history of the Democratic party in regard to
the Supreme Court of the United States? Here
I will statc'it in brief, and I will come to the proof.
From the time that Mr. Jefferson came into power
down to the time that the Supreme Court struck
their flag, there was an open and undisguised hos-
tility, on the part of the Democratic party, against
the Supieme Court of the United States, promul-
gated by her most prominent men—I know over
and over again by Jefferson; made the basis of
his own action by Jackson, and proclaimed upon
the lloor of the Senate by Buchanan.
The Supreme Court of the United States decided
that a bank of the United States was constitu-
tional; but I believe that the very next time that
that party held a national convention—or if it was
not immediately after that, it was very soon after—
their reverence for the Supreme Court was so
great that they incorporated it as one of the stand-
ing articles of their faith into that platform, that
Congress had not power to incorporate a bank of
the United States, notwithstanding the Supreme
Court had so decided. To show the pertinacity
with which they set up the authority of Demo-
cratic caucuses against the United States Supreme
Court, they have kept that in years and years after
the United States bank is dead and buried, and its
memory rotten; but still the Democratic party
cannot hold a convention, even as late as 1856 in
Cincinnati, but they put in a resolution against a
United States bank, and against the power of
Congress to charter one. Why, sir, that has been
about all the Democracy we have had down East
for a long time, [laughter,] hostility to the United
States bank. Appeal to them upon any other
issue, and they could not listen to you until they
had gone back and fired a volley over the dead
carcass of the United States bank. That is the
way they manifested their rcvercnce for the opiniou
of the Supreme Court.
But, sir, I want to show you how Jefferson
talked on this subject. I read from the sixth vol-
ume of Jefferson's Work^ page 461. I do not
know but that I have made some of these quota-
tions here before. Mr. Jefferson, in a letter dated
on the 11th of June, 1815, to Mr. W. H. Tor-
rance, said:
" The second question, whether the judges are invested
with exclusive authority to decide on the constitutionality
of a law, lias been heretofore a subject of consideration
with me m the exercise of official duties. Certainly there
is not a word in the Constitution which has given that
power to them, more than to the executive or legislative
branches. Questions of property, of character, and of crime,
being ascribed to the judges, tlnough a definite course of
legal proceeding, laws involving such questions belong, of
coursc, to them"; and, as they decide on them ultimately,
and without appeal, they of course decide for themselves.
The constitutional validity of the law or laws again pre-
scribing executive action, and to be administered by that
branch ultimately, and without appeal, the executive must
decide tor themselves also, whether, under the Constitution,
they arc valid, or not. So, also, as to laws governing the
proceedings of the Legislature: that body must judge for
itself the constitutionality ot the law, and equally without
appeal or control from its coordinate blanches."
In the seventh volume of Jefferson's Works,
page 134, in a letter written to Judge Roane, he
says:
" In denying the right they usurpof exclusively explain-
ing the Constitution, f go fiuther than you do, if J under-
stand rightly your quotation from the Federalist, of an opin-
ion 'that the judiciary is the last resort in relation to the
other departments of the Government, but not m relation to
the rights of the paities to the compact under which the
judiciary is denved.' If this opinion be sound, then, in-
deed, iVour Constitution a complete felodese : lor, intend-
ing to establish three depaitment«, coordinate and inde-
pendent, that they might check and balance one another, it
has given, accoidmg to this opinion, to one of them alone,
the right to piescribc rules for the government of the others,
and to that one, too, which is unelected by, and independ-
ent of, the nation ; for experience has already shown that
the impeachment it has provided is not even a scare-crow;
that such opinions as the one you combat, sent cautiously
out, as you observe, also, by detachment, not belonging to
the case often, but sought for out of it, as if to rally the
public opinion beforehand to their views, and to indicate
the line they are to walk in, have been so quietly passed
over as never to have excited animadversion, even in a
speech of any one of the body intrusted with impeachment.
The Constitution, on thi hjpolhe&i&, is a mere thing of wax
in the hands of thi judiciary, which they may twist and
shape into any form they plea>e. It should be remembered,
as an axiom of eternal truth m politics, that whatever
power in any Government is independent, is absolute also;
in theory, only, at fiist, while the spirit of the people is up,
but in practice as fa*t as that relaxes. Independence can
be tru&ted nowheie but with the people in mas5*. They are
inherently independent of all but moral law. My construc-
tion of the Constitution is very different from that you
quote. It is, that each department is truly independent of
the others, and has an equal light to decide for itself what
is the meaning of the Constitution in the eases submitted
to its action; and especially, where it is to act ultimately
and without appeal. I will explain myself by examples
which, having occurred while 1 was in officc, are better
known to me, and the principles which governed them."
He then goes on to quote the sedition laws,
which he says the judiciary pronounced to be
constitutional, and sentenced the men to prison;
but he adjudged them unconstitutional, and turned
them out; and also the famous case of Marbury
vs. Madison, where a justice of the peace had been
appointed by John Adams before he went out of
office, and the Supreme Court was applied to for
a mandamus to compel the Secretary to deliver the
commission, and Jefferson said he adopted a dif-
ferent rule, and was always vexed that that was
quoted as law, for it was no law, but mere usurp-
ation. In the same volume, on page 192, in his
letter to Thomas Ritchie, December 25, 1820, he
is a little more explicit. He says:
"The judiciary of the United States is the subtile corps of
sappers and miners constantly working under giound to un-
dermine the foundations of our contederated labile. They
aie construing our Constitution from a coordination of a
general and special Government to a general and supreme
one alone. This will lay all things at their feet; and they
are too well verr-ed in English law to forget tiie maxim,
1 boni jxtdxcxs e<>t ampliare junsdittionein.' Wc s-hall see if
they aie bold enough to take the daring htridc their five law-
yers ha\e lately taken. If they do, then, with the editor
of oui bo<*k. in his address to the public, I will ^ay, that
' against thi«? every man should raise«lii<: voice and more,
should uplift his arm. Who wrote this admirable addiess?
Sound, luminous, strong, not a word too much, nor one
which can be changed but for the worse. That pen should
go on, lay bare the^e wounds of our Constitution, expose
the decision* seriatim, and arouse, as it is able, the atten-
tion of the nation to these bold speculators on its patience.
Ilavingfound, from experience, that impeachment is an im-
practicable thing, a mere scare-crow, they consider them-
selves secuic for life; they skulk from responsibility to
public opinion, the only remaining hold on them, under a
practice first introduced into England by Lord Mansfield.
An opinion is huddled up in conclave, peihaps by a major-
ity of one, delivered as if unanimous and with the silent
acquiescence of lazy or timid a-soci«itc>, by a er<ifi\ chief
judge, who sophisticates the law to hi* iniftd by the turn
of his own reasoning. A judiciary law was once reported
by the Attorney General to Congress, rcquiiing each judge
to deliver his opinion seriatim and openly, and then togive
