I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE-.
341
36tii Cong. ... 1st Sess.
Property in Territories—Mr. Toombs.
Seme,
of a sovereign State. The name of Louisiana Ter-
ritory was afterwards changed to Missouri. Ark-
ansas was afterwards carved out of it; but in the
changes of those Territories, these laws of Lou-
isiana were continued in force wherever they did
not conflict with subsequent laws, and they con-
flicted with none but tlie eighth section of the
act of 1820, which has been declared unconsti-
tutional by the highest judicial authority. There-
fore, throughout the administration of Jeffer-
son; throughout the administration of Madison;
throughout tlie administration of Monroe, with the
exception before specified, the protection of life
and liberty and property, slavery included, in
every foot of this territory , from the Balize to 490,
and from the Mississippi river to the broad Pacific,
was the acknowledged duty of the Government,
the policy of these patriots, and the law of the
land. Under their beneficent policy, the country
grew great and waxed strong, and the people pros-
perous, contented, and happy.
Our next acquisition was Florida from Spain.
We entered into the same stipulation to protect
the liberty, property, and religion of the people.
They, too, had slaves. The first government was
pretty much such as we gave Louisiana. Gen-
eral Jackson was made Governor General—a good
selection: We then gave her a territorial govern-
ment, with the usual limitations upon self-gov-
ernment, and thus governed her until her admis-
sion into the Union.
In the last government we gave to Florida, her
legislative jurisdiction was declared to extend to
all rightful subjects of legislation consistent with
the Constitution and laws of the United States.
She was forbidden to pass a bank charter. Her
laws were subject to the approval of Congress.
This was the usual formula of territorial bills. In
the act of 1812, for the government of Missouri,
the provision requiring their laws to be submitted
to Congress was omitted, as in the Kansas bill,
and the veto power was absolute. Then the
omission to require the laws to be sent to Con-
gress for revision was supposed by no one to im-
pair their constitutional right to do so. Nobody,
asfaras I know, questioned the right of Congress
to change or modify territorial laws, without re-
gard to the wishes of the people of the Territories.
_ Our next acquisition wal from Mexico, omit-
ting Texas, which came as a sovereign Slate,
under a compact made by us and herself. This
acquisition from Mexico was the fruit of suc-
cessful war, conquest, ratified by the treaty of
Hidalgo-Guadalupe; by which treaty we bound
ourselves, pledged the faith of the Republic, that
we would protect that conquered people in their
liberty, property, and religion, until we admitted
them as States in the Union. Here, again, we
bound ourselves, by the highest of national obli-
gations, to give protection to life, liberty, property,
and religion in the Territories, and to continue to
give it until the territorial government should be
superseded by a State government. Here is a
plain constitutional duty, again expressly ratified
by a treaty:
"This Constitution, and tlie Ituvs of the United Rtntes
winch shall be made in pursuunce thereof, and all treaties
made, or which shall be made, under the authority of tlie
United States, shall be tiie supreme law of the land.1'
No higher law can be permitted to come between
you and this constitutional obligation. If popular
sovereignty comes between you and it, popular
sovereignty must fall; if party platforms, or com-
mittals of politicians, they too must fall. It is
the supreme law of the land that speaks, and it
must be obeyed. But according to this new the-
ory, it seems the moment we grant a territorial
government to these conquered people, one of the
most legitimate and proper means of keeping our
faith, we are arrested by their sovereignty; we
are told: "Hold! You have no right to legislate
on the subject of our domestic relations. It is
our country; we are as sovereign as Pennsylva-
nia, and we do not like youi people, especially
those southern slaveholders, and they shall not
bring their Ethiopians within our territorial limits;
and if they do, in spite of your Constitution, in
spite of the treaty selling us to you, we have the
lawful means to drive you out by virtue of our
sovereignty."
The popular-sovereignty doctrine makes „£ he
results of conquest quite a different affair from
what the world had supposed, from the creation
up to its advent. If they had conquered us, I do
not dispute that their claim would be undeniable;
but, as we conquered them, it did always ap-
pear to me, both upon principle and authority, that
we had the right to govern them. I know that is
the way the fact has been from the beginning. I
am boldly confronted with the assumption that
the conquest of a people does not destroy the sov-
ereignty of the conquered; but, on the contrary,
that they thereby have the right to hold the con-
quered country against their conquerors, and ex-
clude them from its enjoyment, if they do notfancy
their domestic institutions ! I remember once to
have read of an occurrence which, it was said,
took place in the British House of Commons,
which, it seems to me, is illustrative of the posi-
tion of the friendsof popularsovereignty. An ar-
dent, patriotic country gentleman spoke strongly
against a measure about to be consummated by a
ministerial majority, and declared that he would
appeal to the good sense of the people to condemn
the measure. His opponent quietly whispered
in his ear that he would appeal to the nonsense
of the people, and beat him ten to one. I sup-
pose this must be the idea of the friends of this
dogma. We appeal to the Constitution—it is with
us; we appeal to treaties—they aic with us; we
appeal to the laws and practice of our fathers for
more than fifty years—they speak but one voice;
they are all with us. I cannot see how our oppo-
nents are to succced, except by an appeal to the
nonsense of the country. Lettbem do it. With
confidence in the right, I shall continue to appeal
to their good sense.
In 1850 we came to the work of governing this
conquest. We had no trouble about the rights of
the Mexican inhabitants in that country. Our dif-
ficulty was about our own. It appeared that there
was a Mexican decree against slavery throughout
that Republic at the time of our conquest, it was
doubtful whether or not it was a good law even m
Mexico. It was also doubtful whether or not, if
good in Mexico, it was abrogated by our Consti-
tution. 1 desned the question settled by remov-
ing the anti-slavery law by act of Congress, and
declare, as Congress did in 1804, under Mi-. Jef-
ferson's administration, that we had the right to
enter with our slave property, and have it pro-
tected by law, until the Territory came into the
Union, and then to leave the people free to make
their own constitution their own way. The north-
ern members, of all parties, with but few excep-
tions, asserted the right to exclude slavery from
the Territory; and, whether the Mexican law did
it or not, to prohibit it by law. They pleaded the
eighth section of the act of 1820, commonly called
the Missouri compromise, as a precedent justify-
ing their demand. The struggle was severe. Con-
gress found it impossible to legislate upon the
subject at all for several years after the acquisi-
tion. In the mean time, gold was discovered in
California. " The accursed thirst of gold" car-
ried thousands and tens of thousands of emigrants
to the Pacific coast, gathered from all parts of the
world. Governmentprotection was their highest
need and our highest duty; but we would not legis-
late about them at nil on account of our strife, in
which California neither felt any interest or took
any part. Then, as we could not, for these rea-
sons, give California any government at all until
she had more than one hundred thousand inhab-
itants altogether, sufficient to admit her into the
Union, she made a constitution for herself, and ap-
plied for admission under it into the Union. Butit
is a mistake to say she claimed this by popular or
any other kind of sovereignty. She acted solely
under the law of necessity. She acknowledged
our right to govern her. "She did homage. She
acknowledged fealty; but she acted subject to our
approval, because we were unable, from our in-
ternal strifes, to pcrfoim our duty to her. This
disposed of a large and most valuable part of the
acquisition.
The Mormons had also, in the mean time, oc-
cupied another large portion of this Territory,
and it was understood had decided the question
in favor of the equal rights of all m the Territory.
All the remaining portion was without civilized
inhabitants, and had no pressing need for any or-
ganized government. But the boundary between
Mexico and Toxas was unsettled at the beginning
of the Mexican war, and was not settled by the
treaty of peace. We took all the land claimed by
Texas, with a great deal morfe; tut did not fix
the boundary between ourselves, as the succes-
sors of the Mexicans and Texas. That very fact
was the final basis of settlement. The New Mex-
icans were averse to coming under the actual juris-
diction of Texas—we had acknowledged that the
boundary of Mexico included them—therefore a
bill was passed by which Texas ceded New Mex-
ico to the United States for a pecuniary consid-
eration. Claiming under Texas, we'admitted her
title. Then, being a part of Texas, slavery was
lawful there; but, for the compact of annexation
withTexas, that wasabrogated. A territorial gov-
ernment was formed, called the Territory of New-
Mexico, to which was attached all the rest of the
territory acquired from Mexico byconqucst; thus
putting the slavery status of New Mexico over
the conquered country, over all which Congress
erected a territorial government with these marked
characteristics: first, congressional prohibition
was defeated; secondly, full power of legislation
upon all rightful subjects, subject to the Consti-
tution and organic law, such legislation being
expressly subject to disapproval by Congress;
thirdly, giving the people of this Territory the
right to come into the Union with or without sla-
very, as their constitution might prescribe at thfe
time of admission; fourthly, in the mean time put-
ting evepr citizen's life, liberty, and properly
under the old safeguard of the judgment of his
peers and the laws of the land.
This was the non-intervention of that act; this
was all the popular sovereignty in it. Congress
governed them according to her own judgment,
and not theirs. We did not introduce slavery
into that country, nor exclude it therefrom; we
did not seek to do it. We asked only for a tabula
rasa—pure non-intervention by Congress against
us. We were willing to stand on the principle
thatslavery was lawful everywhere except where
it is expressly forbidden by law. We were will-
ing to stand here, notwithstanding the oration of
Lord Mansfield (as it was termed by Lord Stow-
cll) in the Somerset case. It is true the North
desired this, but there was this great difference
between us: we were willing to put our legia-
! lation on our principles, and they were not.
They still demanded congressional prohibition,
notwithstanding they held the opposition doc-
trine, thatslavery could exist nowhere without
positive law. The Mexican territorial bill was
the settlement of the territorial issues, passed by
a majority of the Representatives both from the
j>\ orth and the South. But no line Of that act rec-
ognized any other power to govern the Terri-
tory but that of Congress—not one word. We
simply demanded that our right of entry into the
Territories should be admitted. We were content
to stand on the Constitution and the uniform
practice of the Government in relation to Terri-
tories for further protection over our right. We
asked for no slave code, sir, none. Congress has
never yet passed one; though seven Territories
have emerged, through congressional government,
into the Union as slave Suites. I know no
wrong for which a slave code by Congress would
be an adequate remedy. We did provide, as a fur-
ther protection of slavery, in this bill, that all
causes in which the title of slave property might
be in issue might be carried to the Supreme Court
of the United States, and there decided. This
was a special provision in its favor. Such was
the settlement of the territorial questions iu 1850,
winch met with such universal acceptance by the
people.
I come now to the " pons asinorum,"—the Kan-
sas-Nebraska bill. The discussion on this bill,
for the last few years, is a wonderful illustration
of the power of words "to darken counsel" and
mystify plain questions. In 1854 it was adjudged
necessary to grant a territorial government to the
squatters who, obeying the laws of their nature,
had passed on over the borders of Missouri and
Iowa into the Indian country. There was one
difficulty in the way, and but one—no principle
but one,great or small; and without that, it would
have passed both branches of Congress as easily*
