1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
763
it to the clerk to be entered in the rcccrd. A judiciary,
independent of a king or executive alone, is a good thing;
but independence of the will of the nation is a solecism, at
least in a republican Government."
Again, in a letter to Mr. Thweat, dated Jan-
uary 19, 1821, (same volume, page 198,) he says:
"The legislative and executive branches may sometimes
err, but elections and dependence will bring them to rights.
The judicial y branch is the instrument which, working like
gravity, without intermission, is to press us at lastinto one
consolidated mass. Against this i know no one who,
equally with Judge Roane himself, possesses the" power and
the courage to make resistance; and to him I look, and have
long looked, as our strongest bulwark. If Congress fails
to bhield the States from danger* so palpable and so immi-
nent, the States must shield themselves, and meet the in-
vader foot to foot."
Again, (in the same volume, page 403,) in a let-
ter to Edward Livingston, he says:
" One single objcct, it your pi ©vision attains it, will en-
title you to the endless gratitude of society; that of re-
straining judges from usuiping legislation. And with no
body of men is this restraint mote wanting than with the
judges of what is commonly called our General Govern-
ment, but what i call our foreign department. Thev are
practicingon the Constitution by infeienccs, analogies, and
bophisms, as they would on an ordinary law. They do not
seem aware that it is not even a Constitution founod by a
single authority, and subject to a single superintendence
and contio!; but that it is a compact of many independent
powers, every single one of which claims an equal right to
understand it, and to require its observance. However
stiong the cord of compact may be, there is a point of ten-
sion at winch it will bieak. A few sucli doctrinal decis-
ions as baiefaced as that of the Cohens, happening to bear
immediately on two or three of the large States, may in-
duce them to join in ai resting the march of Government,
and in arousing the co-States to pay some attention to what
is passing, to bring back the compact to its original princi-
ples, or to modify it legitimately by the express consent of
the parties themselves, and not by the usurpation of their
created agents. They imagine they can lead us into a con-
solidated government, while their road leads directly to its
dissolution. This member of the Government was at fir^t
considered as the most haimless and helpless of all its or-
gans. But it has proved that the power of declaring what
the law is, ad libitum, by sapping and mining, slyly, and
without aiaiin, the foundations ot the Constitution, can do
what open foicc would not dare to, attempt. I have not
observed whether, in your code, you have provided against
caucusing judicial decision^, and for roquinng judges to
give their opinions wnatim, every man for hiiii?elf, with
-'his reasons and authoiitiesat large, to be enteied of record
in his own words. A regaid lor leputation, and the judg-
ment of the world, may sometimes be felt where conscience
is doi mailt, or indolence mcxcitable. Experience has proved
that impeachment in our forms is completely inefficient."
In a letter to Mrs. Adams, dated September 11,
1804, to be found in the fourth volume of Jeffer-
son's Works, page 561, he says:
" You seem to think it devolved on the (judges to decide
on the validity ot the .'•edition law. But nothing m the
Constitution has given them a light to decide for the E\ee- >
utive, more than to the Executive to decide for them. Both j
magisttates aie equally independent 111 thespheieol action |
assigned to them. The judges, believing the law constitu- t
tional, had a right to p,v s sentence of fine, and impugn-
ment ; because the power was placed in then hands by the
Constitution. But the Executive, believing the law to be
•mconatitutional, weic bound to lemit the execution or" it;
because that powei has been confided to them by the Con-
stitution."
These were the doctrines of Jefferson in earlier
days. Now, sir, I will read to you the opinion
of a later authority—the opinion of General Jack-
son. It may bo found on page 438 of the Senate
Journal for the first session of the Twenty-Second
Congress, and is m these words: j
" J f the opinion of the Supreme Coui t coveted the whole \
gioiind of this act, it ought not to control the co -rdmate j
authouties of till* Government. The Congress, the Exec- ;
utive, and the eouit, mu.-t each lor itself be guided by its !
own opinion of the Constitution. Ea< h public offrcei, who j
takes an oath to support the Constitution, sweats that he j
will Mipport it as he understands it, and not as it is under-
stood by otheis. It is as much the duty of the House of ]
licpie^entatives, of the Senate, and of the President, to j
decide upon the constitutionality ot any bill or resolution j
which may be piesented to them foi passage or approval, !
as it is ot the supiemc judges when it may be brought be- J
fore them for judicial decision. The opinion of the judges t
has no more authority over Congress, than the opinion of j
Congtess has over the* judges; and, on that point, the Pros- j
ident is independent ot both. The authority of the Supreme (
Couttmu^t not, therefore, be permitted to control the Con- 1
giess or the Executive when acting in their legislative ca-
pacities, but to have only s uch influence a  the 1'oice of thou ,
reasoning may deserve " j
General Jackson was aware that he had taken ,
a strong position in that case; and he closes, j
most solemnly, with an appeal to his Creator.
He says:
" I have now done my duty to my country. If sustained
by my fellow-citizens, J shall be-grateful and happy; if not, ,
I 'shall find, in the motives which impel me, ample grounds j
for contentment and peace." [
Mark, that this message was dated the 10th of;
July, 1833. The presidential election was coming j
on. Jackson threw out these sentiments. There !
was a collision at that time between your Federal
court and the Executive of the State of Georgia,
to which I shall refer presently; but in this con-
nection there is a document which bears on this
matter. This message of General Jackson was
written on the 10th of July, 1832. In the fall of
that year he was reelected by a tremendous ma-
jority. Soon after that, certain individuals, who
had been contesting the power of Georgia to im-
prison them, contrary to a decision of the Supreme
Court of the United States, abandoned that con-
troversy and appealed to the magnanimity of the
State of Georgia for release from their peniten-
tiary, and they were released; and in the procla-
mation of the Governor of that State, setting forth
the reasons which induced him to pardon these
prisoners, he says:
" And aNo taking into view the tuumphant ground which
the State finally occupies in relation to this subject, m the
eyes of the nation, as has been sufficiently attested thiough
various Aianncls, especially m the recent oveiwhelming
reelection of President Jackson, the known defender of the
rights of the State throughout this conti overly."
I put that in to show that at that time the Demo-
cratic party, with General Jackson at their head,
were fighting this battle on one side and the Su-
preme Court on the other; and the Governor of
Georgia, in letting these individuals out of the
penitentiary of the State, in a solemn proclama-
tion of his, put in, as one of the causes moving
him to do it, that by the reelection of General
Jackson the position which the State of Georgia
had assumed had been sanctioned and sustained
by the people, or by the Democratic party, which
at that time-made an overwhelming majority of
the people, and reelected General Jackson. It
may add some confirmation to the authority of
this opinion of General Jackson, thus solemnly
put forth, if we reflect who were members of the
Cabinet at that time. Itbelieve the present Chief
Justice of the United States was one. The present
Secretary of State was a member of his Cabinet,
and I think Edward Livingston was also, at the
time this doctrine was thus put forth.
In regard to this matter of the authority of the
Supreme Court of the United States, 1 want to give
a little history, as it is given by one of the judges
of the supreme court of Georgia, of the manner
in which this doctrine has been viewed in that
Suite. I read from the fourteenth volume of Geor-
gia Reports, by T. R. R. Cobb, and the case is
the case of Padclford, Fay & Co. rs. the Mayor
and Aldermen of the city of Savannah. It is a
very learned opinion. It goes over the whole
history of the discussions as to the formation of
the Constitution, and then it comes to Georgia.
I must cra\e the patience of the Senate while I
lead this, for it is an instructive history. Said
Judge Benning:
" Let us pass to Geoigia. We have no evidence of the
doinss ot the convention of this State which ratified the
Constitution, except simglv the ratification itself. But we
have numerous acts and ueelarations of the State, some of
them almo-t cotempoianeous with the ratification, which
tell the mind of Georgia on the subject, more emphatically,
it possible, than the mind of anv of the other States is told
bv the recoids of then conventions. These [ shall call to
iriv aid.
" The first act of Georgia to which I shall refer, will be
her denial of jurisdiction to the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted Stares, in a e.i^c which w.i- bioucht against her in that
couit. It was the case of Chnholm, executor, against
Geoigia.
" This action was instituted m August term, 1792. On
the 11th of July, 1702, the maiMial for the di^tuct of Geor-
gia made the following return •
" ' Executed as within commanded : that is to say, setved
a copy thereot on Ins Excellency Edward Telfau, Emj.,
Governor of the State of Ceoi-na, and one other copy on
Thomas P. C.irncs, Esq.;theattornev general of said State.
" < ROBERT FORSYTH, Marshal
" Geoigia did notappcar in the case. The plaintiff then
moved that unless the State, after reasonable notice of that
motion, should cause an appeaiance to be entered for her,
or show cause to the coutraiy, judgment should be enteied
against her, and a writ of inquiry ot damages be awaided."
" So the court' Ordered, that, unless the said State shall
eilher in due form appeal, or show cause to the contraiy,
in this eomt, by the <ir=t day of next teim, judgment, by
default, shall be, enteied against the said State.' The le-
portei adds, in a note, that.  in February term, 1794, judg-
ment ims tendered foi the plaintiff, and a writ of inquiry
awarded. The wilt, however, was not sued out and exe-
cuted ; so that this cause, and all of the other suits against
States, wete swept at once from the iecords of the couit,
by the amendment of the Fedeiai Constitution '
"Georgia treated he couit with contempt, in respect to
this case" Her position was, that the couit had no juris-
diction of her a-> a party."—Georgia Reports^ vol. 14, p. 479.
He goes on to say:
"Now, in this position, Geoigia tuumphed. First, the
judgment against her fell dead. The plaintiff in the casp,
himself, did not so much as have his writ of' inquiry' exe-
cuted. He obtained the judgment, by default, in 1794.
Nothing more was done in the case until 1798, after the
amendment of the Constitution had been made, when this
and other similar cases were < swept from the rccords,*"
* * * *******
" The next act to which I shall refer is the denial, by
Georgia, of jurisdiction to the Supreme Court in the cases
of Worcester and Butler vs. Georgia, to be found reported
in 6 Pcteis, 5,15. The question in those cases was, whether
an appeal lay from the superior courts of Georgia to the
Supieme Court of the United States; whether, in other
words, the twenty-fifth section of 'the act to establish the
Judicial Courts of the United States,' passed in 1789, which
gives to the Supreme Court of the United States the power
of revising and reversing judgmfhts and decrees of State
couits, is constitutional?
"In these case*, Worcester and Butler were indicted,
convicted, and put in the penitentiary, for violating the laws
of Georgia, which forbade white persons to reside within
the Cherokee nation of Indians without the permission of
the Governor, and without having taken an oath to support
and defend the constitution and laws of Georgia, and up-
rightly donean themselves as citizens thereof. The case
occuired m the superior court of Gwinnett county. A
writ of eriot was issued from the Supreme Court "of the
United States on the application of the defendants to the
judges of the superior court for the county of Gwinnett. The
cleik of that court returned a transcript of the cases to the
Supreme Court Of the United States. But the judges of the
court had nothing to do with this act of the clerk. He did
not lecognizc the right of the Supreme Court to issue the
writ.
" The Supreme Court of the United States, by Marshall
C. J., said that it was i too clear for controversy, that the
act of Congress, by which this courtis constituted.has given
it the power, and, of course, imposed on it the cfuty of ex-
ercising jurisdiction in the case.'
" Accordingly, that court took jurisdiction, andf adjudged
that the judgment rendered in the premises by the said su-
perior court ot Georgia,' whereby the said Samuel A. Wor-
cester is sentenced to hard labor in the penitentiary of
Georgia, ought to be reversed and annulled ; 'and further'
adjudged that said judgment'be, and hereby is, reversed
and annulled ;' ' and that a special mandate do go from this
coiri't to the said superior court, to carry this judgment into
execution.' The judgment was the same in the Butler
cai-e.
" Now, what did Geoigia do on receipt of this special
mandate ? Through every department of her government
she tieated the mandate and the writ of error with contempt
the liiiht piofound. She did not oven protect against juus-
dietion, as she had done m the case of Chtsholm's exec-
utoi>; but she kept Woiee.ster and Butler in the peniten-
tiary , and she executed, m the Creek nation, the laws, for
violating which they had been put in the penitentiary."
Judge Benning, in delivering his opinion, says
further:
" ft was not only in this case that Georgia occupied this
position ; s-he did it in two othei cases, and those cases of
life find death : the case of Tassels, and that of Graves.
One of these happened before these cases of Worcester and
Butler, namely, m 18J0 ; the other afterwards, m 1834. The
Supieme Couit had issued writs of error in each of these
ca>es, on the application of the defendants to the State of
Georgia ; but, a:- the eases are not reported, it is to be pre-
sumed that these wilt* never got back to the Supreme
Court; or that, if they ever did, it was too late. Tt is cer-
tain that Georgia hung the applicants for the writ."
•V * * <*«•****
" In the Tassels ease, the Legislature passed these,
among other resolutions:
"e Resolved, That the State of Georgia will never so far
eompromit her sovereignty, as an independent State, as to
become a paity to the case sought to be made befote the
Supreme Court of the United States, by tho writ in ques-
tion.
" 1Resolved, That Ins Excellency, the Governor, be, and
he and every other olliccr of this State is hereby, requested
arid enjoined to disregaid any and every mandate and pio-
cess thathas been, or shall be, served on him or them, pur-
porting to proceed from the Chief Justice, or duj Asboeiate
Justice, of the Supreme Court of the United States, for the
purpose of arresting the execution of any of the criminal
laws of this State.'
" Similar resolutions were pa«s.ed, as to the case of Graves,
by the Legislature of 1834.*'
I have read enough of that; but I will simply
read one sentence from the heading of the decis-
ion, by the reporter. He says it \v;as decided
that—
"The supreme couit of Georgia is coequal and co ordi-
nate with the Supreme Court of the United States; and,
therefore, the latter cannot give the former an older, or
make for it a precedent.'7
I do not stand here to controvert a single word
of any of these sayings or doings; but I simply
say that if the State of Wisconsin, through the
judicial functions of her highest court, has, by her
decisions, decidcd that a law*>f the United States
is unconstitutional, I believe her court did not, in
the delivery of that opinion, make it a solemn de-
cision that they would treat the Supreme Court
of the United States with contempt the most pro-
found. That is the way in which that court was
treated elsewhere; and Georgia did not stand alone.
In a h'ttoi written by a Senator from Georgia,
Senator Troupe—-I have the letter by me, but I
do not like to deal entirely in quotations—hofroto
home to his people assuring them that in their
