764
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
controversy with the Supreme Court the Presi-
dent was with them, and he recommended to them
caution and moderation. So, sir, down from 1792,
in the case of Chisholm's executors, up to 1854,
the State of Georgia has always denied the author-
ity of the Supreme Court of the United States to
construe law for Georgia; and denied that it had
any jurisdiction over the criminal laws of the State,
and asserted that a law of Congress undertaking
to give it that jurisdiction was unconstitutional.
Sir, I know something about the history of this
United States court, and I know something of the
history of parties in reference to it. I know that
the war to which I have alluded, commenced by
Jefferson and continued by Jackson, was carried
on until the Democratic party beat and the court i
knocked under; and then, when they did that, ;
when they came m with such decisions as party
policy required of them, the party that had been
lighting them this life-long battle, became great
sticklers for the dignity and binding authority of
the Supreme Court eff the United States. I know
the history of that court. I know how its ap-
pointments have been filled up; and I think that
I can appeal to the candid judgment of my coun-
try when I say that the men who have been ap-
pointed there for the last thirty years, have been
appointed more on account of their politics than
their judicial learning or their legal reputation.
As a general rule you have sought politicians in-
stead of lawyers to fill up that bench with. I
know very well that you have sought men who
were connccted with the law, and had some sort
of legal* reputation, perhaps legal reputation
enough to keep the whole country from crying
out against the absurdity of the appointment; but
I do not believe they have all come up even to
that standard, and you have made it a political
tribunal. You have warred against its independ-
ence. Year after year, generation after genera-
tion, you have denied its authority. You have
proclaimed, that every tribunal in the country
might construe the Constitution for itself, and
that every officer who took an oath to suppoit it
might do sov. You have derided the authority of
the Supreme Court of the United States. Now,
having carried on this war, and having conquered,
and the Supreme Court of the United States hav-
ing come down from the high place winch the
Constitution assigned them, to work m your
party harness, side by side with your caucuses,
you are seized with a great reverence for them,
those who have that reverence may profess it. I
confess, sir, that it is no pleasure to me to make
this statement. 1 do it with pain; but it is the
truth of history, and it is the tiuth of God, and it
ought to be told*, and I will tell it.
Again, sir, let me read what Mr. Buchanan
said. He is at the head of the Government now;
and here is the jjoctrinc of Buchanan on the sub-
ject. Mr. Buchanan, in a speech which he made
in the Senate July 7, 184], which is to be found I
in the tenth volume of the Congressional Globe !
and Appendix, No. 2, page 163, used tins lan- j
guage: ~ j
"But even if the judiciary had settled the question, I i
should never hold myself bound by their decision, whilst |
actnig in a legislative character. Unlike the Senator from •
Massachusetts, [Mr. Bates.] I shall never consent to place I
the political rights and liberties of this people in the hands j
of any judicial tribunal. Jt was, therefore, with the utmost !
astonishment I heard the Senator declare, that he consul- i
ered the expositions of the Constitution bv the judiciary to I
be equally binding upon us, as the expositions of the moral !
law by the Saviour of mankind, contained in the Gospel, i
were upon Christians; and that these judicial expositions 1
were of equal authority with the t^xt of the Constitution. :
This, sir, is an infallibility which was never before claimed j
for any human tribunal; an infallibility which would con- i
vert freemen into abject slaves; an infallibility which would !
have rendered the infamous sedition law as sacred as the j
Constitution itself, the judiciary having decided this law i
to be constitutional; and which Would thus have nnnihi- i
lated, throughout the whole extent of this Union, the lib- :
erty ot the press and the freedom of speech. No. sir, no ;
it is not the genius of our institutions to eon-ider mortal !
men as infallible. - !
'* No man holds in higher estimation than I do the mem- i
ory of Cluet Justice Marshall; but r should never have j
consented to make even him the final arbiter between the
Government and people of this country on questions of
constitutional Iibem. The expeiienc'e of all a^es and <i
countries has demon-mated that judges instinctively lean ii
towards the prerogatives of Government; and u is notorious I!
that the court, during the whole period which he presided 1!
over it, embracing so many years of its existence, has in- }■
elined towards the highest assertion of Federal power. 1
That this has been done honestly and conscientiously i j
entertain not a doubt." i
*
That is Mr. Buchanan. Another high author-'
ity, a Mr. Toombs, of Georgia, a Representative
of that State on the floor of the House of Repre-
sentatives, in a speech which he made there, said:
"The onlv difficulty on this point has arisen fiom some
decisions of the Supreme Court of the United States. It
is? true, thev have talked vaguely about the doctrine of the
general sovereignty of the Fedeiat Government. I attach
but little importance to the political views of that tribunal.
It is a safe depository of personal rights; but I believe
there has been no assumption of political power by this
Government which it has not vindicated and found some-
where."
No assumption of political power which that
court has not vindicated and found somewhere!
Now, Mr. President, this being the fact of his-
tory, that that court, as Mr. Buchanan says, in-
stinctively leans to the prerogative of Government,
and as the Representative from Georgia says, in the
speech I have quoted, sustaining every assump-
tion of political power, I choose to stand with the
fathers of the faith, and take my position with
Jefferson and Jackson; and I do not know that it
is any harm to put Buchanan in, [laughter,] and
stand with him, too, and with the views which
they entertained of the Constitution.
Mr. President, let me say again, that I regret to
he under the necessity of saying these things. If
there was one single hereditary thing that I had,
it was a reverence for courts. I confess that 1
had got rid of a little of it before I left home. I
had a suspicion even in New Hampshire that
judges were mortal and fallible. That has been
growing and gaining on me constantly here; and
the opinions of this Supreme Court upon politi-
cal questions, to my mind, have no weight at all;
and notwithstanding the invocation which we have
heard so many times, for us to vindicate our fidel-
ity to the Constitution by our reverence for this
tribunal, I cannot listen to the appeal. I believe
that, in the position it now occupies, it is a dan-
j gcrous department of this Government. I believe
j that its history has verified all, and more than all,
j that Jefferson ever prophesied of it; and I believe
| that its encroachments must be met; and if they
i will not be met by Congress, they must be met,
| as Jefferson said, by the action of the State gov-
| ernnients; and 1 thank the Senator from Georgia
j and the supreme court of Georgia for having pro-
mulgated the doctrine that the State supreme
courts are not subordinate, but coordinate branch-
es, and that there is no right to send a mandate
fiom the Supreme Court of the United Suites to
one of the State courts. I say, I thank them for
that precedent; but, in saying that, I do not say
| lhat 1 would go to that extent; but I think it is a
j good thing that that decision has been made, and
j that it stands as an exposition of that high tribu-
j nal of the manner in wiiich they construe thcCon-
! stitution. This decision of the State of Georgia
! has peculiar force, from the factthatitis nothing
i new; it is no new light; it has not sprung up out
j of any of the growing controversies of the day:
j but it dates back to the better days of the Repub-
j lie. It goes back to 1792, and comes down to
; 1854: and you find that State occupying a uniform
• position on this subject; and I think it is a little
unkind, a little out of place, for the State of Geor-
gia to censure the State of Wisconsin or any other
State, for following in the tracks which she has
so plainly and so clearly indicated.
But, sir, the State of Georgia does not stand
alone upon this subject. There are some other
| decisions on the same subject which I will thank
j my friend from Wisconsin to read forme on this
occasion.
1 Mr. DOOLITTLE. I read from 3 Dallas's
Reports, a decision of the supreme coui t of Penn-
sylvania, decided in 1768, in which this question
Wfis discussed and decided. The chief justice,
delivering the unanimous opinion of the* court,
used the following language:
" The divisions of power between the national, Federal,
and State governments (nil derived from the same source,
the authority of the people) must be collected from the
Constitution of the United States. Before it was adopted, 1
the several Prates had absolute and unlimited sovereignty
within their respective boundaries; ail the powers, legis"- I
lative, executive, and judicial, excepting those granted to 1
Congress under the old Constitution. They now enjoy !
them all, excepting such as are granted to the Government !
of the United States by the present instrument and the >
adopted amendments, winch are for particular purposes j
only. The Government of the United States form* a part !
of the government of each State; its jurisdiction extends
to the providing for the common defense against eue-
rior^njuries and violence, the regulation of commerce and
other malteis especially enumeiated in the Constitution *
all other powers remain in the individual States, compre-
hending the interior and other concerns; these combined
form one complete Government. Should there be any de-
fect in this form of government, or any collision occur, it
cannot be remedied by the sole act of the Congie-js, oi of
a State; the people must be resorted to, for enlargeiu'i.t
or modification. If a State should differ with the United
States abourthe construction of them, there is no common
umpire but the people, who should adjust the affan by
making amendments in the constitutional way, or suffer
from the defect. In such a ease the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States is Fcdeial; it is a league or tieaty made by the
individual States as one paify, and all the States as another
party. When two nations differ about the meaning of any
clause, sentence, or *vord in a treaty, neither has an ex-
clusive right to decide it; they endeavor to adjust the matter
by negotiation; but if it cannot be thu-, accomplished, each
has aright to retain its own interpretation, until a refer-
ence be had to the mediation ol other nations, and arbitra-
tion. oi the fate of war. There is no provision in the Con-
stitution that m such a case the judges of the Supreme
Couit of the United States shall control and be conclusive ;
neither can the Congress bv a law confer that powei.'"—
Respublica v . Coblett, 3 Dallas's, Reports, page 475
I read, also, from the 4th volume of Munford's
Reports " of cases argued and determined in the
supreme court of appeals of Virginia," from a
case decided in 1814—-the case of Hunter vs. Mar-
i tin, devisee of Fairfax:
; "Soon after the case oY Hunter v? Fairfax*-: devisee
; (reported in 1 Munf., 218-238) was decided, the appellee
Mai tin obtained a writ of error from the Supreme Couit of
j the United States, lequiringthc court of appeals of Virginia
l to certify the record for reexamination by that couit."
I The Supreme Court of the United States re-
versed that decision, and sent back the record,
, with a mandate, to the court of appeals of Vir-
ginia, requiring them to conform to its decision.
After being fully argued, the court entered the
j following unanimous opinion:
j " The couit is unanimously of opinion that the appellate
: power of the Supreme Court of the United States does not
; extend to this court undera sound construction of the Con-
' stitution of the United Stares; that =o much of the twenty-
< fifth section of the act of Congress to establish the indicia!
j courts of the United States as" extends to the appellate ju-
j nsdiction of the Supreme Court to this court is* not m pur-
! suanee of the Constitution of the United States ; that the
! writ of error in this case was improvidently allowed under
; the authority of that net; tiiat the proceedings thereon in
; the Supreme Court were coram non judice in relation to
i this court; and that obedience to its mandate be declined
| by this court."
! Mr. HALE. I trust, sir, that enough of au-
, thority on this subject has been quoted, end I
' leave that branch of the case. I propose now to
address myself to another count in the indictment
> against the free States, and that is:
| 11 [charge it [the Republican party] with openly attempt-
; ing to deprive the people of the slaveholdirig States of their
equal enjoyment of. and equal rights in. the common Ter-
ritories of the United States, as expounded by the Supreme
: Court, and of seeking to get the control of the Federal Gov-
ernment, with the intent to enable it to accomplish this
: icsult by the overthrow of the Federal judiciary.*'
Now, I apprehend that here is the whole real
I dirficulty at issue. It is what is called the terri-
torial question , or the rights of the people of the
^ several States in the Territories. The complaint
| is constantly made that we seek to exclude, by
J the action of the General Government, several of
| the confederate States from an equal enjoyment
! in the common Territories of the Union. How
l do we seek to exclude them ? We do not propose
; to make any law that we are not willing to abide
by ourselves. We do not ask any such law.
, Every law that we seek, every doctrine we pro-
claim, is general. We do not propose one law
| for a northern State and another for a southern;
j but every right that you give to a citizen of my
! State, we propose to give to the citizens of every
; State, and the general law which we ask Congress
| to pass, we a&k them to pass for the whole Union
! and for all the citizens of every State. "But, sir,
! it is just as well to meet the question fairly, and
1 not undertake to evade it by any general proposi-
tions. Several of these States are slaveholding
States, and they contend that slaves are property
and that they have a right to protection for slave
property in the Territories; and if we do not stive
them protection to the slave property in the Ter-
ritories they say the Constitution is violated.
This is the second charge in the indictment
against the free States. Now let us say a word
about that. The honorable Senator from Texas,
[Mr. Wigfall]—and I thank him for the posi-
tion he has taken, for it calls to my mind a sen-
tence of his which I propose to read—I think,
spoke more truth than he was aware of, when lie
said:
I am one of tho«e who believe that ail the difficulties
that this country labors under, arise from a misappiehen-
«ion—I pay it with great deference, but I really believe it—
