1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ble than to communicate by signals. It is at least
more frequently used; and over a widely-extended
country, and to a dispersed Army like ours, it is
more apt to be profitable than the other. Why
not, then, add unoeher major for a means of com-
municating in cipher? for that was the subjcct
which first came before the Senate; and so go on
multiplying the majors of cavalry by giving every
man who discovers some new improvement a rank
acquired ordinarily in service by many years and
by high merit. If it is to be done, however; if
the Senate believe it proper to do it at all, then I
think we should proceed by an inquiry like this:
after appropriating money for the purchase of
signals, say:
And that the President be requested to assemble a board
ol officers—
I supposed hbre it would be as well to designate
them, and 1 have done so—
consisting of the Quartermaster General, the Chief of En-
gineers, the Cnief of Ordnance, and the Adjutant General
of the Army, to consider and report, for the information of
the Senate at its present session, whether any corps, or of-
ficer, or officers, should be added to the staff of the Army,
for the use of signals in the field ; and if the boaid shall he
of that opinion, to recommend a suitable provision and
plan for that purpose.
It is an extraordinary departure from the past
usage of the Government to go into a question of
organization without the report of a committee,
without any investigation, without any informa-
tion gathered by any person whatever from the
source from which we should usually rely for mil-
itary information. Some investigation, some re-
port, or plan, or proposition; something that looks
to the future, which is not bound up in the simple
question of providing a single office with a hope
that it may be filled by a particular individual—
something more than that, I say, has always en-
tered into such an inquiry heretofore.
Mr. MALLORY. I think the time of the Sen-
ate cannot be better spent, although this may seem
to be a very unimportant measure, than in its
thorough consideration; for, if I am not mistaken,
110 more important question touching the interests
of the Army has been before us at the present ses-
sion cf Congress; and I know of none more im-
portant likely to comc before us. Perhaps I may
overestimate it; but, in my judgment, the propo-
sition strikes a blow at the efficiency of the Army
greater than I have ever known by Congress. It
is nothing more nor less than to reward civil ser-
vice by military rank—the first attempt of the
kind that I know of since we have been anation,
either in the Army or the Navy. Such a practice
pertains in aristocratic Europe, where the higher
grades of both services are open to aristocratic
families, and where, by purchase, or by civil ser-
vice or personal qualities, men gain high military
rank, while those who perform the service, and
sustain the honor of their country, are left in
subordinate positions. But here, where we have
studiously adhered to our system of promotion,
a blow of this kind strikes directly at the esprit
de corps of the Army. If you are to confer mil-
itary rank and command for civil service, why not
look abroad among those men who have conferred
distinguished services by civil operations upon
your Army? Why not take Colonel Colt, who,
m comparison with this system of signals, has
rendered infinitely greater service to the Army.'
Why not make him a colonel or a brigadier gen-
eral in your service? Why not take the inventor
of anesthetic ether or chlorofmm—which operates
every day in the military hospitals, and not only
on the score of humanity, but in service to the
Army, has done infinitely more service than this
inventor of signals—and give him military, com-
mand?
In this pointof view, the Senate will see at once
that this is a high-handed attempt on the esprit de
corps of the Army;and not only against the views
of the gentleman whom you have placed at the
head of the Army—for I will guaranty that the
Secretary of AVar would not recommcnd confei-
rin<>' military rank for civil service but against
ninetv-nme hundredths, and I might say all, of the
officers of your Army. I doubt if a man can be
found in the line of the Army who will to-day
advocate or tolerate a movement of this kind,
should be very much surprised to see it.
This is a system of signals. We are not given
to understand what it is. It is a secret, known
only to the inventor; and only from hearing the
letter from the officer at West Point read, have I
gained somewhat of an insight into the system he
proposes. Why, sir, the systems of signals are
as various as signs or colors themselves; and they
have prevailed in military services all over the
earth from all time. We are progressive; and
they arc shifting every day and every hour. They
are used upon the sea by all nations, and their
vessels can only communicate by signals, and
consequently every man invents his own; but the
navies of the world have never thought of con-
ferring military rank on the discoverer of signals.
They have never thought of conferring military
rank on the discoverer of an arm of service—the
inventor of a ship, or steam engine, or anything
else which goes to make up the efficiency of the
service. We are progressive; and to-morrow we
may have a better system of signals than this,
and then you will have this new bureau—for it is
nothing else—upon your hands, with your extra
major, (and you appoint an extra surgeon to sup-
ply his place,) and you will have no use for him,
because you will have a better system.
In another point of view, this system of signals
is only valuable in time of war. Certainly no man
would ever want to operate by signals m time of
peace on our frontier, from one post to another,
when he has'his messengers and aids to transmit
his messages with gieatericertainty.
There has never been afield of battle in which
we have been engaged since we have been a na-
tion, in which a system of signals for communi-
cating at fifteen miles would be efficient. I observe
that in the recent Italian war the Emperor of the
French laid down his telegraph wires at the battle
of Solferino; but he never dreamed that the man
who ascended in his balloon, or the man who
operated his wires, should be made a military
officer, with military rank. You do not confer
extra grades, except by brevet, on your military
heroes—men who have shed their blood on the
battle-field. You do not depart from your system
of promotion to confer these high ranks on them,
except by brevet. You do not jump a man from
a captain to a major for that.
These signals may be everything that their
friends say "they are; I am ignorant as to them; I
know nothing about them; but I concede that the
gentleman in question has infinite merit—more
than any body else—in the invention of signals;
I concede the fact that they are of very great use
in time of war; but in time of peace you are to
put this gentleman in a room, and give him the
signals, and there let the matter end. They will
never be used, probably, but in the event of hos-
tilities on a field of battle. But conceding all that
is claimed for them, I cannot conceivcany motive
for departing from the usual routine of the ser-
vice, and assigning him to duty in this way. If
you choose to assign him to this special service
with his rank of captain—which the Secretary of
War tells you is amply sufficient—do so; but
place him under the proper officers; put him un-
der the orders of the Adjutant General; do not
separate him from the other officers of the Army;
but transmit the orders from the Adjutant General
to him as well as to others.
The appointment of this gentleman will only
be the beginning of another corps, another bureau.
It is said that the operation of these signals may
be communicated m a single day to any intelligent
mind. That speaks very much in their favor. If
that bo the case, the proposition that I make has
much more force; because, if there is nothing ab-
struse or difficult to understand in these signals,
and the information may be communicated in a
single day, three months would be sufficient to
indoctrinate the whole Army with a knowledge
of them; and why you should form a permanent
bureau for that purpose, I cannot conceive. I
would not detract fiom the merits of the gentle-
man, the inventor of them, nor from their value;
but I tell the Senate it would be a cheap purchase
to give this gentleman half a million of money
right out and out for his signals, if wc must have
them, rather than confer on him one single grade
of service, and introduce into the military arm of
the country the principle of conferring military
rank for a civil service.
Mr. LANE. Mr. President, with all due re-
spect to the Senator from Florida, I will say that
he has satisfied me of two things: first, that he
does not understand this question; he does not
know anything of the merits of it; and next, that
nothing in the vvorld would satisfy him that a citi-
zen could do anything that had merit in-it—thata
man cannot be raised from citizenship by virtue of
service. This man is not a citizen; he has a rank
in theArmy now—an assimilated rank, to te sure.
He belongs to the Army proper for his lifeand dupr
ing hislife, and,his rank assimilatesito that of cap-
tain, and we.only askthatit shall assimilate to thb
rank of major; not,with command, not,as a major;
of cavalry with a right to command aforce, liotin
the line of promotion; but to stand there as a ma-
jor in charge of this special service and this par-
ticular duty;to instructothersin the use of asys-
tem of.signals that he hasinvented, more import-
ant than anything that has been introduced into
any army for centuries past in that line. .Wo sys-
tem of signals. before has ever been brought to
such perfection as this. It has been an object
with ail the nations of the earth, in their wars, to
introduce a system of signals to answer the pur-
pose which this system of signals will answer.
Why all this parade about this man and this in-
vention? We do not aslc to promote any citi-
zen. We only ask that an officer of, the Army,
an assistant surgeon with the assimilated rank of
captain, in consideration of his important inven-
tion, shall have the rank of major, without com-
mand, without a bureau. No bureau is.contem-
plated, none is desired; and it can never result in
a bureau.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the Senator explain-the
modus operandi of executing the proposed function
by an officer who is responsible to nobody but the
Secretary of War, separated from all corps, and
from any other command.
Mr. LANE. It grieves me that I cannot view
this question as the chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs does. It is a matter of no pleas-
ure to me to disagree with him. I know his great
experience in military matters. I am well aware of
his military education and long service. Notwith-
standing I acknowledge this, it does notdeprive me
of the right of thinking for myself, and of under-
standing this important matter,as I lcnowIdo,and
of appreciating the importance of it. 1 say that
this officer, placed at the head of this particular
service, under the orders of the Secretary of War,
will be directed to instruct the officers of the Army
in the use of this system. He will be directed-to
instruct the adjutants of regiments, the lieuten-
ants of companies on active duty, in theuse of it,
so that it can be introduced throughout the Army,
and understood throughout the Army; and in time
of war, the Secretary of War would have a right,
and it would be his duty and his pleasure, to order
him with any force in the field, there to super-
intend the use of all these signals. It would be
very important indeed that he should- be'able to
communicate in a moment to the forces, anywhere
within from one to fifteen miles, accurately, any
order that the commanding officer should feel it to
be his duty or his interest to communicate to an-
other portion of his command. It has an advant-
age over anything that has been invented in this
line, or that can be invented, in my opinion, ex-
cept upon this principle. I have examined it with
care. I understand the principle on which it
works, and I know it is important; and I am sat-
isfied that the Senate will not disregard an inven-
tion so valuable upon the mere idea that we are
creating an additional bureau. We do no such
thing. We create no bureau; we create no com-
mand; but this man is merely to have the rank of
major, and the sole management of these signals
in introducing them into the service.
The chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs speaks of many improvements in arms,
even in saddles and in pontons. Nobody knows
better than the honorable Senator that for the con-
struction of pontons there is a corps of theArmy
well and properly organized, composed of men
educated" for that particular duty—an engineer
corps properly organized, whose duty it is to
superintend the construction of bridges and all
ponton duty. On the day before yesterday, he
spoke of the big gun down on the avenue as hav-
ing much merit. It has; but there is also a corps
having charge of these matters. That gun, if
brought into use, will be used by the artillery, by
officers instructed in the use of that arm, men who
know how to work it and manage it, and make it
useful; andforthepurposeofexaminingitand un-
derstanding its merits and its importance, there is
an ordnance corps of the Army properly organ-
ized for that purpose. Thus every branch now
