I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
SB
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Property in Territories—Mr. Toombs,
SESATik
to stand by it against clamor from without and
within. I demand now that others stand by the
bargain.
This measure created a good deal of difficulty.
Some gentlemen who had been acting with the
Democratic party, said it was not consistent with
the principles of non-intervention, heretofore held
by that time-honored institution. There were
► doubters and bolters. When the party met at
Cincinnati, it became necessary to have a new
exposition to meet the exigency of the case, and
the party said the Kansas-Nebraska act was a true
exposition of the doctrine of non-intervention, as
held by it.
Now, sir, I am coming rapidly to the points
on which our differences begin. How was this
question understood atjthe time on the other side ?
1 claim the indulgence of the Senate for a moment
while I read some extracts from tho debate of the
2d of July, 1856, upon the bill introduced by me,
which I take from the Congressional Globe. My
friend from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,] in answer
to some remarks of his colleague, [Mr. Truji-
bull,] said:
"My opinion in regard to the question which my col-
league is trying to iaise here, has been well known to tho
Senate for years, it been repeated over and ov-u-
again. He tried the other day—as those associated with
lnm on tiie stump used to do two years ago, and last year—
to ascertain what were my opinions on this point in the
Nebiaska bill. 1 told them it was a judicial question.
This would not suit them. Why? 'Their object was to
get me to express a judgment, so that they could chaige me
with having urged a dliferent view at home, though I had
expressed the bailie opinion here pending that question, and
though I had previously, many time?, avowed the same
thing. My answer then vv<is>, and now is, that if the Con-
stitution c.uries slaveiy there, let it go, and no power on
earth can take it away." *
That was my view. If we could go there under
the Constitution, no power on earth except a sov-
ereign State could take away the right. I make
that exception, although it was not made in this
speech. 1 would not imitate bad example. Lan-
guage is often used generally in debate to meet a
particular case without looking at the way in
which it may be tortured for another purpose; and
therefore I give him the benefit of this mode of
construction That was the import of it, no doubt;
because all of us admit the power of a sovereign
State to deal with the question as she pleases, to
determine rights of property of every description
within her limits. Therefore, I presume the Sen-
ator meant it with that qualification. He goes on:
* " Hut if the Constitution does notcarry it there, no power
but the people can cairy it there. Whatever may be the
true decision of the constitutional point, would not have
affected my vote for or against the Nebiaska bill."
That is perfectly true; that is our position now;
and that was our understanding at the time. Gen-
eral Cass addressed the Senate on*the same day,
and very much to the same effect:
"Mr. Cass. I have heard this subject mentioned repeat-
edly, but i never took any notice of it before, ft i-> said
theie is a difference of construction between the North and
the South on the Kansas-Nebraska act. Necessarily if mn<t
be so; and if the honorable gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Trumbull] could not see that, he was not able to see very
far into tins millstone*. Those who believe that slavery goes^
to tho Territories undei the Constitution, j^roprio rieorc, of
course believe that no power is given to the Legislature to
prohibit slavery"—
Neither to prohibit or destroy, nor weaken, by
direction or indirection, by force or by fraud—
" but those who believe, as I do, that there is no snch con-
stitutional provision, believe, ot course, that the Territo-
rial Legislature has the power to legislate on this as on
any other subject. The difference does not result from the
words of that bill, but fiom the. natuie of things. The
Noith and tho South construe the Constitution differently."
Therefore, General Cass agreed with me. It I
was a constitutional question; it was no misun-
derstanding of the bill. The bill was plain, and
well understood on all sides; it had no two con-
structions hore. "We differed about the Constitu-
tion, but not the meaning of the bill. All the
doubt, all this clamor about two constructions,
arose simply out of different constructions of the
Constitution, which the bill submitted to the
courts. General Cass continues, and I fully agree
with him in this extract:
"The South consider that the Constitution gives them
the right of carrying their slaves anywheie in the Teirito-
ries. If they are light, you can give no power to the Ter-
ritorial Legislature to interfere with them. The major part
of the Noitk believe that the Constitution securc3 no such
right to the South. They believe, of course, that power is
given to the Legislatme."
My honorable friend from Kentucky, the Vice
President, whose opinions were also called in"
question, held precisely these same opinions upon
the repeal. Pie said:
" The effect of the repeal, therefore, is neither to estab-
lish nor to exclude; but to leave the future condition of
the Territories dependent wholly upon the action of the in-
habitants, subject only to such limitations n*. the Federal
Constitution uiaj impose. tiutto guard lully against honest
misconstruction, and even against malicious perversions,
the language of the bill is perfectly explicit on this point.
" It will be observed, that the right ot the people to reg-
ulate in their own way, all their domestic institutions, is
lett wholly untouched, except that whatevei is done, must
be done in accordance with the Constitution—the supreme
Jaw tor u^ all. And the lights of piopeuy under the Con-
stitution, as well as legislative action, are properly left to the
decision of the Federal judiciaiy. This avoids a contested
issue which it is Staidly in the competency of Congress to
decide, and icfeis it to the pioper tribunal."
I presume the honorable gentleman concurs in
that opinion to-day. Certainly he ought to do
so, unless he abandons truth and takes up error.
The last time he had an opportunity of speaking
to his constituents m Kentucky, I saw the same
principles boldly and clearly expressed by him
to my satisfaction, and doubtless to the satisfac-
tion of the country.
I repeat to-day, I stand by the bargain, if you
call it such, as thus expounded by those who
made it. In the first place, this was the meaning
of the bill; next, it was the cotemporaneous con-
struction of it by myself, by my friend from Illi-
nois, by the present Secretary of State, and all
other persons who have been quoted. It was the
opinion of my honorable friend from Georgia,
Mr. Stephens, whom my friend from Illinois
quoted. He declared himself willing to take Mr.
Stephens's exposition as his platform. Very
well; let us see what it is.
Mr. POWELL read the following extract from
Mr. Stephens's letter:
"And if Congress did not have, or does not have, the
power to exclude slaveiy from a Tercitoiy, as those on our
Midc contended and still contend they iiave not, then they
could not and did not confer it upon the Tcmtonal Legis-
latures. We of the South held that Congress had not the
power to exclude, and could not delegate a power they did
not possess—also, that the people had not the power to
cxclude under the Constitution, and therefore the mutual
agreement was to take the subject out of Congress, and
leave the question of the power of the people where the
Constitution had placed it—with the couits. This is the
whole of it. The question in dispute is a judicial one, and
no act of Congieys, noi any resolution of any party con-
vention can m any way affect it, unless we first abandon
the position of non-mteiveution by Congress
•' But if seems exceedingly s>tiange to me, that the people
of the South should, at this late day, begin to find fault with
this northern constiuction, as it i-> termed—especially since
the decision of the Supreme Court in the case of Dred
Scoft. In this connection I may be permitted to say that
I have read with deep inteiest the debatesof the Charleston
convention, and particulaily the able, logical, and eloquent
speech of lion. William L. Yaneev, of Alabama. It was,
deeidedlv, the stionge^t argument I have seen on his side
of the question. But its greatest power was shown in its
complete answer to itself. Never did a man with greater
clearness dcmonstiatc that 'squatter sovereignty,'the bug-
bear of the day, is not in the Kansas bill, all that has been
said to the contrary notwithstanding. This he put beyond
the power of refutation. But he stopped not there; he
went on, and bv reference to the. decision of the Supreme
Court alluded to, he showed conclusively m a mo^t pointed
and thrilling climax, that this most fughtfui doctrine could
not, by possibility, be m it, or in anv other territorial bill-
that it is a constitutional impossibility. With the same
mastei-hand he showed that the doctrine of' squatter sov-
ereignty* is not in the Cincinnati platform; then, why
should we of the South now complain of non-iuterccntion,
or ask a change ot platform ?
" What else have we to do but to insist upon our allies
to stand to their agreement?'''
Mr. TOOMBS. My honorable friend from
Illinois stated that he took the letter of my dis-
tinguished friend from Georgia—with whom I
have so long acted, without very much disagree-
ing on great questions of public policy—as his
platform. Very well; what has that gentleman
stated ? He has stated the question just as we all
have; but he says, further, that it is clear that
the doctrine of my friend from Illinois has no
resting-place either in the Cincinnati platform or
in the Kansas-Nebraska bill, nor can it be found
in the Dred Scott decision; and that the Supreme
Court of the United States has decided the ques-
tion in our favor; and all that he asks now is that
our northern allies stand by the bargain. I think
that is a pretty fair platform. Mr. Stephens states
the case properly. Wc left the question whether
slavery could go to the Territories, and whether
the people of the Territories could exclude it, td
the courts. He says that it is clearly demonstrated
by Mr. Yancey, in an unanswerable^ argument,
that the doctrine is not in the Democratic platform;
that it is not in the settlement of 1850; that it is
not in the Kansas-Nebraska bill; that, in fact, it-is
nowhere; that it is a constitutional impossibility;
and my friend from Illinois spent two days in en-
deavoring to show that it was a constitutional
fact, instead of a constitutional impossibility,*
I call upon him and his friends to stand by the
bargain, to say that we referred the matter to the
courts; that the courts have decided that a slave-
holder has the right to go to all the Territories of
the United States with his slaves; that there is no
constitutional power on earth to drive him out,
either in the Congress of the United States, or in
the Territories. I can let this great principle of
protection take its chancc of being exercised
whenever necessary. I am willing to intervene
wherever constitutional rights are invaded. The
Senator from Illinois intervened with a fugitive
slave act in Kansas. lie intervened to put the
question before the courts; he intervened to erect
courts, juries, and Legislatures, as means of pro-
tection to persons and property. In the ever-roll-
ingtideof time, new circumstances, new necessi-
ties arise, calling for his intervention. He must
give it wherever the Constitution demands it. I am
content that it shall rest, as he himself has said, on
the principle of all other property, entitled to the
same protection as well as other property in all the
Territories. In his own language, deny to any
power on earth the right to drive it out, and we
shall be content to tarry there at least until new
dangers threaten or invade constitutional rights. I
am not afraid of this great principle that I have
been arguing—the right and duty of Government
to afford protection. When the matter is settled,
I do not doubt that many gentlemen on the Repub-
lican side would protect all the constitutional rights
they would acknowledge, at least ail of them who
arc governed by the Constitution, and not a higher
law; but when the right to take slaves into the
Territories is admitted in our favor, when our
right to go there under the Constitution is clearly
settled, and further settled that there is no power
that can drive us out, I think there are some gentle-
men on the other side who would give us ample
protection for such admitted rights. My friend
from Vermont, I am sure, would not attempt to
escape that duty by indirection, or by unfriendly
legislation. He would not attempt to do that
which the Constitution forbade to him. The coun-
try has too much interest in this great principle
of protection willingly to let it die.
Now, sir, have these questions been decided?
{ do not know that it is necessary to show that
fact, because it is admitted; and what is admitted
by the record, it is a technical rule, shall stand
admitted. But I do not choose to stand upon a
technical rule; I go for the substance of things.
After reviewing this whole doctrine in the Dred
Scott case, the Supreme Court, on page 56 of the
decision, after deciding that Congress cannot in-
terfere against slave property, say:
" And if rhe Constitution recognizes the rightof property
of the master m a slave, and makes no distinction between
that description of propeity and other property owned by a
citizen, no tribunal, acting under the authority of the Uni-
ted State*, whether it be legislative, executive, or judicial,
has a right to draw such a distinction, or deny to it the
benefit of the piovisions and guarantee}! which have been
provided for the protection of private property against the
encroachment-? ot' the Government."
This is a sound principle, recognized every-
where:
" Now, as wc have already said in the earlier part of this
opinion, upon a different point, the right of property in a
slave is distinctly and e*pres«ly affirmed by the Constitu-
tion. The right to tiaffie in it, like an ordinary article of
merchandise and property, was guarantied to the citizens
of rhe United States in cveiy State that might desire it, for
twenty years. And the Government, in express terms, is
pledged to protect it in all future time, if the slave escapes
from his ownei. Thi?> i^ done in plain words—too plain to
be misunderstood. And no word can be found in the Con-
stitution which gives Congress a greater power over slave
property, or which entitles property of that kind to less pro-
tection'than propeity of any other description. The only-
power confeired, is the power coupled with the duty of
guarding and pioteetmg the owner in his rights.''
The Supreme Court says that to this Govern-
