1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
767
not hold ihat the Supremo Court of the United
States is the sole ultimate arbiter of her rights. I
never said she did. i used no such argument.
The Senator knew my opinions well. The very
clause he has read from my speech to-day he read
some years ago. He was making then another
speech, very much like the one he made to-day,
and then he got a direct answer in the speech
which f made in 1850. I held these opinions
then. I have seen no man of this body who knew
better than that Senator that they were my opin-
ions then and now. What were they? That I
did not consider the Supreme Court of the United
States as the ultimate arbiter of my rights, or even
a safe depository of political power. You per-
ceive that the question is attempted to be changed.
In 179:2 the Supreme Court of the United 'States
determined to hold jurisdiction over the State of
Georgia for a debt. We denied her authority;
and what was the result? A Senator from Mas-
sachusetts ui this body, upon our protest, pro-
posed, and our confederates agreed with us, to
alter the Constitution. It got every vote here but
two. It was carried through the other branch,
and got every vote there, I think, but seven. I
behove it was unanimously affirmed by the States
of the Union. We stand vindicated, that we were
protecting and not trampling under foot the Con-
stitution of our country. Our confederates came
forward and put the eleventh amendment as it
now stands in the Constitution, and that sustains
our position. When 1 charge you with violating
a plain clause of the Constitution, you answer
me, thai we would not allow even the Supreme
Court of the United States to violate that same
instrument; and that is called a reply!
The Senator says that, in the ease of Worces-
ter, the mandate of the Supreme Court of the
United States was disregarded by the State of
Georgia, as 1 understand him. The Senator knew,
when lie made that statement, that it was erro-
neous, if I understood him rightly m making it,
because he read from the pardon by Governor
Lumpkin, in Niles's Register; and light above the
proclamation of the Governor was the declaration
of Worcester and Butler, m the very book from
which he read, that they had abandoned ail fur-
ther proceedings, and that no mandate ever went
from the Supreme Court of the United States, m
that case, to the court of Georgia. That Senator
knew it.
Mr HALE. And I stated it, too.
Mr. TOOMBS. You did?
Mr. HALE. Yes; I did.
Mr. TOOMBS. You read a portion of it,
Mr. HALE. I stated that they had abandoned
then* case and appealed to the magnanimity of
Georgia.
Mr. TOOMRS. You did not state the fact
that the Supreme Court of the United Slates had
not issued a writ of error to the State court. If
you read it for any purpose, it was to show that
that mandate had been disregarded by the courts
of Georgia.
Mr. HALE. If the Senator will excuse me
for interrupting him, I will say that what I read
upon that case, I lead from the words of the
supreme court of Georgia, fiom Judge Bcnmng's
opinion; and what I quoted from that procla-
mation of Governor Lumpkin was m another
direction, and under another head, and for another
purpose altogether; and that was, to show that
Governor Lumpkin, in thatproclamation, set forth
as-one„of the reasons for issuing it, that the posi-
tion of Georgia had been vindicated in the reelec-
tion of General Jackson; and what i read m rela-
tion to Worcester and Butler, I read word for
word, vrrbatim, from the reports of the supreme
court of Georgia.
Air. TOOMBS. When the Senator read from
the proclamation of the Governor giving' the par-
don, he might have found right above that procla-
mation, in'the same book, the letter of Worces-
ter and Butler to their own counsel, abandoning
furtherproceedings. Therefore, I say, I suppose
the Senator must have known that even that pro-
ceeding never went to tiie State court of Geor-
gia, and no judgment of the Federal Supreme.
Court was ever refused to be executed by the
comt which condemned Worcester and Butler.
Whether or not they would give validity to its
mandate, it never went ther^. Take the Wiscon-
sin case, and I will show the distinction when I
reach that point. No art can cover it over, no
forcc can resist it, no power can avert tiie condem-
nation. There is no preccdciitin all the tribunals
of my country for the case of Wisconsin, us I
will show when I come to that.
In the case ofTasxells, to which the Senator also
alluded, no mandate was ever sent from the Su-
preme Court of the United States to the courts of
Georgia; and, if it had been, I have no doubt it
would have been disregarded. I know it ought to
have been. By that action, what provision of the
Constitution did she nullify or abrogate? Where
is the clause? The Supreme Court of the United
States held that the Cherokee people were a na-
tion; that we had an imperium inimperio. Those
people were committing murders; they had mur-
dered a man from Kentucky, I believe, who was
traveling o'n the highway, in order to rob him.
We annexed the territory for the administration
of our criminal laws, for the protection of all peo-
ples, by extending the universal law of Georgia
even to those who came amongst us. We ex-
tended those laws which were applicable to our
own people to everybody else. We extended our
criminal laws over the Cherokee territory, and
allowed no man to reside amongst the Indiaus who
did not take an oath to maintain our constitution
and laws; and it was required from every human
being. Georgian and all , who remained there, who
was not alien to the Government of the United
States, and who had a right to be there by law.
This man, Tasselis, killed a man. He was brought
before our tribunals, tried, condemned, and exe-
cuted—executed for murder, a murder that no man
disputed. There was, however, a question of juris-
diction. His counsel applied to the Supreme Court
of the United States; but no writ of error ever
issued. Probably it is due to candor to say, that
i f was not long before there was a want of parties;
and that, perhaps, was the reason of it: he was
very soon hanged. The Supreme Court of the
United States held that these Indians were an in-
dependent people underthe Constitution: and that
was the great contest. We denied thatany foreign
power could be set up within the chartered limits
of Georgia; and wc were sustained by General
Jackson and by the nation. We denied that we
held, under this Government, one inch of our soil
or one drop of our waters, Wc claimed to hold
them in our own right, and not under this Gov-
ernment. We denied her jurisdiction: we denied
that she had a right t© set up the Indians as an
independent people within our jurisdiction. Wc
did more,"I can inform the Senator: we said, and
we have ever said, that neither the Supreme Court
of the United States, nor any other tribunal but
the sovereign States themselves, were judges in
the last resort of the infraction of the compact,
and the mode and mcasuie of redress.
Sir, we stand upon the report of Air. Madison,
in 1799; firmly, immovably, upon the resolutions
of Air. Jefferson, produced before the Kentucky
Legislature m 1798. Where did (lie North stand
when Virginia and Kentucky passed those reso-
lutions in 1798 and 1799? I think there were five
or six States—1 speak from memory only, from
my general reading, but 1 think I am accurate—
and "New Hampshire was among them, which
denied the position of Virginia. Since 1 have been
here, I have sent to the binary, but I cannot get
the book; but it is m the last volume of Elliot's
Debates that these resolutions were; and every
single northern State of the Union which replied
took ground against Virginia, and declared that
the Supreme Court was the ultimate and sole ar-
biter of the Constitution of the United States.
That was your doctrine. That has been your
doctrine from that time down; and Georgia"was
denounced throughout this land everywhere for
vindicating the Constitution against this doctrinc
which you setup. She did vindicate it. Gen-
eral Jackson aided her in its vindication, and so
did some of the ablest men in the North. Silas
Wright himself was one of the petitioners to the
Governor of Georgia in favor of pardoning Wor-
cester and Butler when they abandoned their con-
test; when they declared that they no longer at-
tempted to coerce us m the Federal courts; and
then we did what we offered them from the begin-
ning, when they were indicted, when they were
tried, when they went to the doors of the peniten-
tiary—that if they would acknowledge the juris-
diction of the State, or leave its limits, they would
be pardoned in a moment; but some of the New
England men determined to run their missionaries
there and control our own domestic policy in ref-
erence to our Indians, and they opposed it.
The gentleman wishes to shield himself on a
question that has been much controverted, the
twenty-fifth scction of the judiciary act, and here
I will put tiie pointso that no man can mistake it
unless he wants to do so. He attempts to cover
the case of Wisconsin under the controversy in
Virginia in the case of Hunter vs. Martin, which
1 believe one of the Senators from Wisconsin read.
Air. Calhoun and some of the 'ablest men of the
Republican party heJd that the Federal Constitu-
tion was obligatory upon the State courts, as well
as the Federal courts, arid whenever the jurisdic-
tion of a case once attached to a local court, there
was no power to take it out of their hands into
the Federal courts by virtue of appeal or writ of
error. Mr. Calhoun and many of the fathers of
the Republic held that doctrine. Is that the case
of Wisconsin? No, sir. No other man but the
Senator from New Hampshire, that I ever heard
of, has assimilated it to this at all. In the State
ot Wisconsin the Federal courts had jurisdiction;
they tried a man under the Federal law in the
Federal court of Wisconsin, condemned him, and
put him in prison; and then the supreme court of
the State of Wisconsin seized the case and released
the man who was m prison under the sentence of
the Federal court. The doctrine which the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire quotes was, that which-
ever court, State or Federal, first got jurisdiction,
should hold it. Wisconsin said no jurisdiction
should stand against her. Sheenlightens us against
both sides of the old controversy that has been re-
ferred to, and against the very case which the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin read for the Senator from
New Hampshire. I will repeat it again, for it is a
very important principle. The old Republican
party held that the State court being obliged to
execute the Constitution and all laws made m pur-
suance of it, and all treaties, as well as the Fed-
eral courts, when a case was brought there and
tried therein the last resort, the jurisdiction having
attached to them, it should stand there,and there,
was no provision in the Constitution to appeal it
to a Federal court, as was provided m the twenty-
fifth section of the judiciary act. The Federal
party held that the twenty-fifth section of the judi-
ciary act was constitutional, and notwithstand-
ing a case had gone through all the courts of a
State, and had been decided there, yet, if it in-
volved the Constitution, laws, or treaties of the
United States, it might still be appealed to the
Supreme Court of the United States, the record
carried up, and the decision of the State court
reversed. Wisconsin, jumping over both sides,
decided what had never been decided by any tri-
bunal in this country, to my knowledge, in all the
conflicts about the judiciary. She went and seized
u case that had actually been tried and determined;
and when the fellow was in prison receiving the
deserts of his crime, she seized the case, and re-
leased him. I should like to hear from the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire whether he thinks tiie
cases are analogous. Have I not stated the dis-
tinction fully, I would ask him?
Mr. H AL E. I real!y am not conversant with the
detailsof the case; I spoke of the general principle.
Ido notsuppose that Wisconsin orany otherState
ever decidedagainst the actionof the Fedeial court
when the opinion of the Federal court coincided
with their own opinion. I did not quote the
Georgia cases for the purpose the honorable Sen-
ator from Georgiasupposes; 1 rather quoted them
appreciatingly; but 1 quoted them to show that
Georgia had never held that the Supreme Court
of the United States was the final arbiter on ques-
tions of constitutional jurisdiction. That was all.
Mr. TOOMBS. No, sir-, no such point. The
Senator was replying to me, and comes to me and
says, you have reproached the State of Wisconsin
for sending Senators here when such lias been her
action. Did I say it was because they violated a
decision of the circuit court of the United States
in Wisconsin ? No, sir. I said they violated the
Constitution wkich they had sworn to maintain.
Air. DOOLITTLE. Air. President, at this
tune I do not propose to go into a discussion of
this question: bull simply rise to say, if the Sen-
ator from Georgia will allow me, that at some
time, before many days shall have passed, I will
take an opportunity to address the Senate on the
subject of this Wisconsin case, and I shall then
have occasion to review the charges which were
