1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. DAVIS. His letter does not sustain the
paragraph in the bill. I do not know what he
sent to the House, but the letter to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs of the Senate does not sus-
tain it.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I think the letter read
by the gentleman—the first letter—speaks of ma-
jor being the proper rank for this officer.
Mr. DAVIS. I have no such letter.
Mr. KING. It was in blank when sent to the
members of the Military Committee. Some
thought the office of colonel was the proper one,
some major, and some captain.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The last letter said a
captain might do, and I dare say it mightdo; but
would it not be just as great a blow, so far as
blows are to be struck, to the Army and its mili-
tary character, by giving the grade of captain as
that of major ?
Mr. DAVIS. Eut my friend from Kentucky
will permit me to tell him that I only interposed
to show him he was not resting on therecommend-
ation of the Secretary of War. As for myself,
the creation of any new particular officer, a body
by himself, the nest-egg of a future corps, would
be objectionable to me, and I would put him in
some organized corps under the command of offi-
cers of the Army, like anybody else within the
Army.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. So would I. I suppose
the Secretary of War would hare command of him
as of all others. He may put him under whose-
soever command he pleases. I"Ie may prescribe
his duties. He may say where he shall go, and
whom he shall obey; and he may say this not only
specifically, you shall obey this officer and that
officer, but he may say, by general regulations,
what officers, describing them by their rank, or
describing them by their command or position,
shall have command. That is left to the Sec-
retary of War. That must depend 011 circum-
stances. It can be at all times controlled by the |
regulations of the Department, and to that control
I think we ought to leave it.
It seems to me, as I said, that this matter stands
out without any abstruse military questions about
it, and therefore we mighthave opinions ourselves
upon the subject. Uponamere military question,
1 should hardly venture to have one, when op-
posed by the authority of the Military Committee
of the Senate. I have ventured, however, to sug-
gest these tilings as seeming to be very reason-
able and applicable to the present case.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, I have sought
a little information on this subject of late, and
what I have heard has not disposed me to vote for
this amendment. We have heard, from a number
of gentlemen who have advocated it, a great deal
of the extraordinary ingenuity and value of this in-
vention , and of its availability at all times and under
all circumstances; but I do not recollect that any
one gentleman who has spoken in its favor has
given us any information as to the character of
this invention, the nature of the means, and the ap-
paratus employed; or that any one has ever stated
to the Senate what those means and that appa-
ratus are. I am somewhat inclined to doubt, there-
fore, whether the gentlemen who have advocated
it do know what the means are, what the appa-
ratus is, and what this tiling is, for inventing
which they propose to give such an extraordinary
and unusual reward.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. My friend will allow
me to say—I thought I had said—that for myself
I know nothing about it, but relied on the judg-
ment of those (and I presume the gentleman has
heard such opinions expressed) who know much
better than I do that it is very useful. I under-
stand that my friend from Mississippi, the chair-
man of the committee, thinks it is useful. That
is the evidence upon which I act.
Mr. LANE. If the Senator from Maryland
will allow me, I do not believe that 1 can instruct
him or any other Senator who has not had an
opportunity of seeing this thing worked; but I
will say this to the Senator: that the gentleman
who invented these signals can, with his coat, 01
the arm of his shirt, or a handkerchief, anywhere
where it can be seen, from one to fifteen miles,
convey an order as accurately as he could deliver
it by words, if he were there to deliver it in per-
son. So perfect has he made it, and so proficient
can he make an officer instructed by him, that he
can deliver an order anywhere, as I said betore,
within the distance mentioned, as accurately as it
could be done if a man were to go and speak it in
person. Then, cannot the Senator see the im-
portance of it? Can he not understand the great
usefulness of it? Mr. President, it was men-
tioned a few moments ago, if the Senator will
allow me, and 1 do not want to consume any por-
tion of his time 
Mr. PEARCE. I think the Sengtor is taking it.
Mr. LANE. Well, I will not take it, if the
Senator says so.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, I have, as I
said when I rose, taken some little trouble (very
little, to be sure) to find out what this invention is.
I do not intend to repeat what I have heard, be-
cause I do not know whether it is secret or not;
and because, if I did, I am not sure that I am
so thoroughly acquainted with the system as to
be able to instruct any member of the Senate.
But I do not perceive that there is any member of
the Senate who has spoken yet that knows any
more about it than myself; and I think some gen-
tlemen do not know quite as much as I do, little
as I know. This much I am satisfied of, from
what I have learned m reply to my inquiries; and
that is, that there is no such intricacy in the thing,
no such complication of system or new and ex-
traordinary principles involved, as makes s&neces-
saryto have a signal officer to educate the Army in
the use of this apparatus. On the contrary, if my
information is not grossly erroneous, (and I am
sure it is not,) it is a system which any officer of
the Army, of any grade, can learn thoroughly in
one hour; and which any commonly informed
man, with tolerably good sense, can practice
without difficulty. It may be said this is a great
merit in it, and I suppose it is; but it certainly
does away with all the argument winch arises
from the supposed necessity of having an officer
put in this particular placc for the purpose of
training the Army for this business.
However, I do not mean to detain the Senate
for any length of time. I think the Senate, be-
fore they give an extraordinary reward, ought to
know all the facts on which they should tound
their judgment, and which may justify the giving
of such a reward. We do not know these facts,
it is very clear. Gentlemen have been appealed to
to give us information, and cannot do it, bccause
they do not know. The Senator from Kentucky
frankly confesses he knows nothing about it.
Other gentlemen, who do not so frankly confess,
have as palpably shown it; and it does seem to
me that the Senate ought to reject it at once.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I know one thing. Ex-
periments have been made here by this officer,
under the supervision of the Secretary ofWar.
They have been made hero by an officer detailed
for the purpose; and the Secretary of War, who
ought to know much more about it than I do,
and I presume does, having the experiments made
under his own supervision, has recommended
this provision. We know he is in favor of intro-
ducing this system of signals into the Arrny, and
having it introduced by an officer whose business
it shall be to superintend and control the opera-
tion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright
in the chair.) The question is on reconsidering
the vote non-concurring in the amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask for the yeas and nays on
that, because it involves the whole question.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 24, nays 31; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayar^, Benjamin, Clinqman, Davis,
Fitzpatrick, Foster, Groon, Grimes, Hammond, Harlan,
Hunter, Kennedy, Mallory, Mason, Nicholson, I'carcc,
Powell, l'ugh, Rice, Sebastian, Shdcil, Thomson, Wigiall,
and Yulce—31. .
NAYS —Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Bragg, Bright,
Brown, Cameron, Chandler, Chesnut, Claik, Collamer,
Cuttendeu, Dixon, Dnolittlc, Duikee, Fesscnden, Fitch,
Halo, Hamlin, Hemphill, ivcison, Johnson of Tennessee,
Kin", Lane, Sewaid, Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trum-
bull? Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—31.
So the motion to reconsider was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is a mo-
tion pending, submitted by the Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Pugh,] to reconsidcr a vote on an amend-
ment, which, if there be no objection, will be
taken up now.
Mr. PUGH. My motion is to reconsider the
yote by which the Senate refused to concur with
the Committee of the Whole in regard to the ap-
propriation to volunteers in NewIV-iexico
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thp.Secretary
will read the section proposed to be pecfinsiderea.
The Secretary read, as follows:-, , ,
And be it further cnaclvl, That the'twelfth section of
the act of March 3,11557, chapter 108, be extended so as to
embrace the pay proper and a!I6vVances of the militia of
New Mexico therein named: Provided, They shaii receive
no greater payor allowance than were given to officersarid
soldiers of equal grade at that period in the-United States
service, and that the amount herein appropriated shall not
exceed the sum of $74,009.
Mr. WILSON1. Mr. President, when this
amendment was moved, the papers, in regard to
it were in my hands, and had been confided to
me by the Committee on Military Affairs. 1 had
briefly examined them, and did hot feel con vinced
that I .ought to vote for the amendment. Sinceit
was offered, I have taken some little pains to
examine this question, and I am fully satisfied
that the amendment ought to be put upon the
bill, and that it ought to pass.- These troops were
called out in 1854, in two counties of New Mex-
ico. A portion of them wore out six months and
a portion threo months. Their services have
been recognized. Although the matter has-been
but little pressed, and but little understood by
members of Congress generally, still the call has
been made to pay these men. The Governor
who called them out is now a resident of my
State; I think the Mayor of Salem. He was sum-
moned to Washington by the War Office to ex-
plain tliis matter, and the explanations are full
and complete. This amendment rests upOrt the
same law of 1836 under which provision has been
made to pay the claims of other. States and Ter-
ritories. Under the circumstances, therefore, I
am prepared to vote for it..
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I feel gratified that the
"Senator from Massachusetts has so fully borne
me out in all that I said 011 a picvious occasion
on this subject. I took pains to look into the
papers, and I am satisfied that any Senator on
this floor, who wfft examine the facts will find
them so thoroughly and fully established, that he
will not hesitate to make the allowance and pro-
vide for the payment of this claim. It is a just
one, and will, sooner or later, be paid, whether
provided for now or not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to reconsider the vote by which
the Senate refused to concur m the amendment
made in Committee of the Whole.
The motion to reconsidcr was agreed to.
The PRESIDING 9FFICER. The question
now is on concurring in the amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. DAVIS. Before proceeding to any now
amendments, I desire to ask whether it will be in
order now to amend the section in relation to the
signal officer, on which the vote for reconsidera-
tion was taken >
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment has been disposed of.
Mr. DAVIS. It was stricken out in Committee
of the Whole and agreed to in the Senate. Amo-
tion to reconsider was made in the Senate; but
the Senate adhered to the position taken ill the
Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate
refused to reconsidcr the vote non-concurring in
the amendment; and it is not in order now to
move an amendment to that amendment.
Mr. BROWN. On a point which has been
somewhat discussed heretofore, I move the fol-
lowing amendment as a new section to the bill:
Jim! he it further cnactcd, That cadets entering the Mil-
itaiy Academy at West Point shall bo divided into two
classes: those entering the fifth or lower class shall remain
Ave years befoic completing the course ; those onteringthe
fourth or higher class may complete the course in four years.
I have only a word to say in reference to this
amendment. I shall be influenced very much in
my own course about it by the views of those
who know more about this matter than I do. My
colleague, who is very familiar with this subject,
in the course of his speech the other day, sug-
gested that very many of the young men entering
the Academy at West Point went there very poorly
instructed, and that therefore the course of four
years was too short. Itchanced that I was once
on an examining board there, and I found what
seemed to mc very sprightly young men deficient
m their classcs. I inquired how that was; and
was informed that in many instances it was not
because of want of any application, but that the
