2732
THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
boys entered very poorly instructed, and the
course was so rapid that they could not keep up
with the classes; could not meet the high standard
which had been fixed; and therefore they were
very often discharged from the Academy, though
they were meritorious. There were a different
class of young gentlemen there, who entered the
Academy well instructed. Some of them had re-
ceived high academic instruction; others were
graduates of colleges of high standing. To re-
quire those who are very poorly instructed' and
those who are the graduates of colleges to start
from the same point, and go on, pari passu, and
go out together equally instructed, was requiring
of the badly instructed too much. My colleague
made a suggestion the other day. These ill-
instructed boys (and certainly it is their misfor-
tune if they were so, and not their fault) ought to
stay, if they .get a complete course, five years;
but that ought not to be treated or considered, I
think, as a reason why a well-instructed youth
should also be required to stay five years. There-
fore I have introduced this amendment, that
they shall undergo examinations when they enter
the Academy; those who have not had the good
fortune to be instructed before, to enter the lower
class; those who have had academic and collegiate
advantages, to enter the higher class; one class to
stay five years, and the other four years. I throw
it out merely in the way of a suggestion, and
leave it for the Senate to decide; for really I must
say I know nothing about it.
Mr. DAVIS. I should like to hear the amend-
ment read again.
The Secretary read it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I had an amendment
which I proposed to offer to the bill; but I offer
it as an amendment to this amendment; to strike
out all after the enacting clause, and insert:
That the term of instruction at the West Point Military
Academy shall not exceed four years, and this provision
shall be carried into effect by the acSSemic staff as sooa as
practicable, consistently with existing arrangements.
Mr. President, I offered an amendment similar
to this upon a bili introduced here some time ago,
which I withdrew at the suggestion of the Sena-
tor from Mississippi. It was afterwards, as I
understand, passed in the House upon some bill,
and came here; but on some question of order, it
was not acted uj>on, and was finally abandoned.
I proposed then, if nobody else did it, to offer this
amendment again to this bill, which 1 now offer.
It was said at that time, as an objection to reg-
ulating this by law, by the Senator from Missis-
sippi, that there was a board in existence at the
time who had this matter of the Military Acad-
emy under consideration, that they were inves-
tigating this subject, and it was not advisable,
while they were investigating the subject, for us
to act upon it. I yielded to the argument or state-
ment of the Senator in that particular, and with-
drew it. I have since ascertained that the Sena-
tor was mistaken in that point, and I suppose he
has ascertained it. At any rate, I have in my
desk now a letter from one of the most distin-
guished professors at West Point, in which he
says distinctly that the board thus constituted
applied to the Secretary of War to know whether
they should take that subject into consideration,
and he himself expressly told them that was no
part of their business, substantially, and refused
his permission to them to do so.
Mr. DAVIS. To do what? I do notknow that
I understand the Senator. Applied to do what?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Applied to the Secretary
of War to know whether they were at liberty to
consider the question of the time of instruction at
West Point; so that that matter was not consid-
ered, not submitted to them by him. He refused
to have it considered by them at all.
Again, I stated at that time, and 1 have the
proof of the fact, that all or nearly all of the
academic staff were opposed to this change of the
regulation. That was true, sir. I am informed
on good authority that all the academic staff save
?ne that, I believe, the one who instructs
m English, though I am not sure about that—are
opposed to this change. They think the term of
four years is sufficiently long. I stated again at
that time that it had been twice changed; that is
to say, that the change was made originally from
four years to five, I believe by the chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs, while Secre-
tary of War, and had been changed again.
Mr. LANE. And: then again-.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I'd© not know about it
being changed again. The Senator from Missis-
sippi informed the Senate that I was mistaken
upon that point. I have ascertained that I was
not mistaken on that point.
Mr. DAVIS. I have ascertained- that y ou-were.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have-a copy of the or-
der in my desk, issued by the principal of the
academic staff, in which he says, in consequence
of the directions, or by the directions, of the Sec-
retary of War, and the change of time, he changes
the instruction.
Mr. DAVIS. That is a change of the issue.
The point to which I answered was, that the Sec-
retary of War had changed the course from five
to four years. And I answered, under informa-
tion which I' then had, and which I have got more
minutely since.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Well, sir, I will com-
municate all the information I have to the Sen-
ator. Those were the facts in regard to it, and
therefore I have to state that the Senator from
Mississippi was mistaken in the views that he
then expressed to the Senate with regard to the
facts of the case. I will take the liberty to read
a passage from this letter which I have. I shall
not givetthe name of the writer, because I suppose
the Senate will be willing to take my word for it
as to the character of the officer, ana it may not
be proper, although it is not a private letter. 1
have no objection to showing it to the Senator
from Mississippi, if he desires to see it. I can
state that it is from one of the most distinguished
officers at West Point, and I will read what he
says upon the subject. If Senators will listen,
they will find his views:
(e Permit me to premise, in the outset, that I greatly re-
gret to differ on this subject with my friend Colonel Davis,
for whose sagacity and opinions on all military matters I
have learned to conceive the highest respect, and who, I
know, in this particular case, is actuated solely by what he
is convinced is for the best interests of this institution, and
the future efficiency of its cadets in the public service. Al-
though having been so long connected with the Academy,
and having had ample opportunities of observing the effects
of the various phases of its government, under different
Secretaries of War, I would still distrust ray own judgment,
and would hesitate to differ from Colonel Davis, did I stand
alone in my views on this point. They are such as are en-
tertained, however, by all my colleagues, with a single ex-
ception, several of whom have, for many years, been also
connected wth the Academy. But, if anything in addition
was wanting to strengthen me in the conviction of their
justness, I would cite those of Colonel Thayer m favor of
them—a man to whom the appellation of " Father of the
Military Academy as it has existed since 1817" may be
justly applied. To this distinguished officer and scientific
man the institution is indebted for its organization and dis-
cipline, with but slight modifications, as they now stand.
These are the results of many years' thought and close
observation of the workings of the system finally adopted
by the Secretary of War, about 1830, upon the recommend-
ation of Colonel Thayer.
" Since then but few changes in thig code have been
made which have proved to be improvements, so far as ray
own observation goes. The one in question, the change
from a course of four years to one of five, has been the most
important and, from what we can at present form an opin-
ion upon, is likely to be the most hurtful. This change, it
is true, was recommended to Colonel Davis whilst Secre-
tary of War, for adoption by the faculty of the institution,
being a measure to which their attention had been fre-
quently directed by the annual reports of the board of visit-
ors, and seeming also necessary to meet the wishes ex-
pi esced by these various boards for additional studies of sev-
eral kinds, which demanded increased exertions on the
part of the cadets. The measure, however, was not adopted
without misgivings a* to its results on the part of the fac-
ulty; for after all, it added but at the most eight and a half
months of additional time, in which not only were the new
studies to be acquired, but considerable extensions of the old
ones regarded as equally-important. The faculty are now sat-
isfied that, considering the special objects of the institution,
and the ages between which pupils are admitted to it, the
time now spent in it is too long, and is rather calculated
to defeat the true aims of mental culture—a strong desire
for further knowledge—by inducing weariness and satiety
fjom so long a period of uninterrupted laborand a restraint
which is greater, perhaps, than in any institutions in the
world, except the purely monastic ones. When you con-
sider that the majority of the youth admitted to the Acad-
emy are between eighteen and tweniy-one years of age, and
that the most of the other moiety are about seventeen, vou
can come to some conclusion as to the probable effects of
this seclusion upon character, continued for so long a
period as five years. In my opinion, in view of this point
alone, could the youth admitted here be brought to a some-
what higher standard of acquirement betore joining, and
the age of admission be restricted between eighteen and
twenty-one, the term of three years would be enough for
all the objects of the Academy."
Another letter which I have, from another gen-
tleman who entered upon the subject, states that
it was not designed, as argued in the beginning,to
give these young men so high a standard of men-
tal cultivation in general studies. The object of
the institution was to give them a military educa-
tion, and it was conceived by the founder to be
more wise to confine them as much as possible to
those studies as nearly military as possible, and
leave them to bring up afterwards in general cul-
ture, as they might have probably great opportu-
nity to do in time of peace; leave them to educate
themselves in the more graceful arts and sciences
when they had acquired their military education,
and had a proper foundation. That was theview
which the leading mind had upon the subject, and
which the faculty now entertain. In that, I Con-
fess, my own judgment goes with them. Now,
then, it seems to be the opinion of the faculty—it
seemed to be the opinion of the leading man who
has made the institution what it is, Colonel Thay-
er, that this period of four years was longenough,
and that a longer time of seclusion and confine-
ment to their studies there, instead of being bene-
ficial, would, in fact, be injurious; that, in fact,
it would be much better to shorten the time, if it
could be shortened.
The argument adduced by the Senator Was,
that in this mode, by adopting five years, young
men could be brought in there who had not the
opportunities for laying the foundation that others
had, and that gave them a longer period. I am
told, however, that after the change from four
years to five the standard of admission continued
precisely the same. It was not lessened or low-
ered in any possible degree. It strikes me that
if you go down, on the principle of the Senator
from Mississippi, one year, you may go down
two. It is not the object of this institution to
take these young men from early boyhood, know-
ing nothing, without any foundation to start upen,
and to raise them to the proper point. It is to
take them with a reasonable degree of education,
such as there are ample opportunities for all to
acquire in this country, before they go there to
spend what is almost a monastic seclusion for
four years; and that having been tested by the
faculty, it is enough to say it is hardly advisable
to change the system.
Now, sir, I have another letter from a very dis-
tinguished officer in the Army, a graduate at
West Point, whom I will not name at all, because
he requested me to consider the letter entirely
confidential, expressing similar views—that the
change has been injurious, and to continue in it
would be injurious, and that it ought to be regu-
lated by law. I should not venture to state these
things in opposition to the opinion of the Senator
from Mississippi, were I not borne out by the tes-
timony of gentlemen that I must consider equally
j distinguished with himself, and having certainly
greater opportunities, from their long continuance
| in connection with this institution, to judge of
what is and what is not, or may or may not be,
beneficial to the institution.
I stated that I had proof, to a certain extent, of
the change that took place. A copy has been
sent to me of an order issued at West Point:
As ordered by the Secretary of War, the course will
be changed from five to four years. To effect this, the pres-
ent first and second classes will be graduated in June next.
The present fourth and fifth classes will be put respectively
and at once upon the course of instruction fixed for the
fourth and third classes by the programme of four years as
approved by the Secretary. No change at present will be
necessary in the branches of instruction for the present
fifth class to become the fourth. The present fourth, to be-
come the third class, will drop the couise of English studies
and instruction in the use of small arms, and will at once
commence the course of drawing and instruction in riding,
according to the programme and rolls herewith, and will
recite in French daily; the first section from eleven to
twelve, m., or twelve to one, p. m., as directed by the pro-
fessor, &c. The present third class, to become the second,
will discontinue the study of French.
By order of Colonel Delafield.
JAMES B. FEY,
First Lieutenant First Artillery,
Military Academy.
Mr. DAVIS. Does the Senator state how that
was connected with the Secretary of War—
whether by the first words?
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir; of course I can-
not. I take it, however, that the principal of that
Academy, Colonel Deiafield, would not issue an
order, which he says he docs in pursuance of the
directions of the Secretary of War, unless it was
so ordered by the Secretary of War. I take it
that the commanding officer, the principal of that
institution, is a gentleman of truth—especially,
being an officer of the Army. I did not receive
it from him, however.
