768
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14.
made by the Senator from Georgia against the i
State of Wisconsin in its action on that subject; \
but I do not propose to do it to-night. " ■
Mr.-TOOMBS. Certainly, sir, the country ;
expects the Senator to answer. I have arraigned
them -for high crimes and misdemeanors, as I had ;
a right to do, as one of the embassadors of one of j
their confederates. It is due to the charge, it is due |
to the country, and it is due to the Constitution, i
that it'should be answered; and I expcct an an- ,
ewer, or at least an apology of some sort, for so (
gross a violation of the compact and laws of our j
country. , \
"But the Senator from New Hampshire attempts
to evade it, by saying he does not know the facts ;
very well. I think the gentleman had better not
talk about what he does not understand. When :
I brought that case to the attention of the country, ;
I did understand it; I had gone to the legitimate i
source of information; 1 had gone to the records; !
I stated the facts as they are on record, that this j
man had been tried, convicted, sentenced, and !
imprisoned; and then the supreme court of Wis- j
consin,in defiance of the Constitution, seized the ;
case under a habeas corpus and declared the fugi- j
ti ve slave law unconstitutional, and discharged the I
culprit. I say there is no analogy to that m any •
of the cases. 1
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The assumption of the i
honorable'Senator from Georgia, in one single '
Word, depends entirely on the question, whether
he law of Congress be or be not constitutional.
. Mr. TOOMBS. Certainly.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the law is unconstitu-
tional, the whole proceeding in your district court
of Wisconsin is a nullity.
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. And Wisconsin is right.
If your law is constitutional, then the proceeding
of the court of Wisconsin was wrong.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have nothing to say of that
now.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I shall not myself go into
a discussion of that now, but the tone and man-
ner of the honorable Senator, in speaking of the
Suite of Wisconsin, I think had better be changed.
Mr. TOOMBS. So far as my manner of speak-
ing is concerned, it is my own. T may he rude
in speech, but I endeavor to tell the truth, to -.peak
plainly and boldly; and I am ready to maintain
what I say, everywhere. It is unnecessary to
muUiply words with me on this question. In de-
fending the just rights of my State, 1 am willing
to meet any criticism or any objection which the
gentleman chooses to make. I have stated the
ease as it appears on record, and I say, that as fai
as my legal information extends, it is a case which
is without parallel anywhere, it is not sustained
by the cast's road by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, because in them there was a question of
disputed jurisdiction; and none of his cases went
to the extent of saying that when a case had been
tried and determined by the Federal judiciary,
any State court could, under any circumstances
whatever, seize the case, annul the judgment, and
release the prisoner. That was the case in Wis-
consin, however.
Without going into the question of its jurisdic-
tion; without going into the question of how far
its decision is obligatory; without going into the
question of who is the ultimate arbiter of the in-
fraction of the compact, I read the decision of the
Supreme Court as evidence of what the Con-
stitution is. I did it for the purpose of getting
cumulative testimony from all quarters, from all
sources, civil, judicial, and all other evidence
whatsoever, to interpret this plain, undeniable
meaning of the Constitution for sixty years, and
thereby to bring the scienter upon those States who
have willfully violated the Constitution of my
country, so that they can no longer shield them-
selves under pretended constructions, intended to
cover their infamy and not to get at the truth.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, I rise to
move that the discussion of these resolutions be
postponed until Tuesday next. . I do not wish to
go into a discussion now.
The motion was agreed to.
BANKS IN THE DISTRICT 01F COLUMBIA.
Mr. SLIDELL. I move the Senate that the
bill which is the special order of the day be re-
sumed, that it may come up to-morrow as the
unfinished business.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will suggest to the Senator from Louisiana that
the business for which the bill referred to by the
Senator from Louisiana was set aside for the time
being, being disposed of, that bill is now before
the Senate.
Mr. SLIDELL. It will come up to-morrow
as the unfinished business, if we now have an
executive session.
PAY OJb' TIIE NAVY.
Mr. MALLORY. I move that the bill (S. No.
32) be taken up for the purpose of making it the
special order for Monday next. Inhere is no spe-
cial order for that day. It was crowded out yes-
terday. It is the bill to increase the pay of the
Navy. I do not wish it to lose its priority—that
is all.
The motion to take up the bill was agreed to;
and its further consideration was postponed, and
made the special order of the day for Monday next.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. SLIDELL, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and, after some time spent therein, the doors were
i reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
|| HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
'| Tuesday, February 14, 1860.
ij The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
;i The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
\\ The SPEAKER announced that he had ap-
j> pointed Mr. Wright in place of Mr. Garnett,
excused, on the Committee for the District of
;; Columbia.
!' EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
i The SPEAKER hud before the House the laws
" and journals of the Legislatures of the Territories
, of New Mexico, Kansas, and Nebraska; which
were referred to the Committee on Territories.
1 Also, the annual estimate of the Post Office
Departmcntfor the service of that Department for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1861; which
,| was "referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and ordered to be printed.
CALL OF THE STATES FOR RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. GROW. I rise to a privileged question.
I move to reconsider the vote by which the House
yestei day adopted the resolution of the gentleman
faom Missouri, [Mr. Anderson-,] It is the res-
olution providing for the call of the States for res-
olutions and the introduction of bills. I notice at
I the end of the resolution a few words which I did
not hear when the resolution was introduced, or I
should ha\ 1 jectod to it. I do not care, how-
; ever, to call up the motion now. I am willing
that it shall go over until to-morrow.
Tlie SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider
will be entered.
: SELECT PRINTING COMMITTEE.
Mr. GRO\V. I desire that the House will en-
! large the powers of the printing committee, so
, that theyshall be the same asatthelastCongress.
. I After that committee had entered upon its duties,
they found it necessary to come into the House,
on two occasions, and ask an enlargement of their
" powers- I now simply ask that the House shall
;■ extend to them the same powers as at the last
j' Congress. I move that the following resolutions
shall be adopted, as additions to the resolution
, already adopted:
:1 Resolved, That the select committee of seven. " to in-
|; quire into the laws in relation to the piintinjj for the Hoa.se
! of Representatives, the prices paid theiefor. and the dunes
;j of the Public Printer, and to report upon ?uch chance^ or
i' impiovement? therein as they may deem advisable," be also
: directed to inquhc into the prices paid tor the binding of
:i Congic^s, and the laws regulating the isame, and that they
!; be also directed to make the **ame inquiries! into the prices
i, paid for engraving and paper for the printing of Congress;
i> and, also, tor the^pubheation. binding, &c., of the Congrcs-
!' sional Globe ; and that the said committee be directed to
!; leport upon all of these subjects-in the manner pointed out
| by the icsohition ot the IJousse.
Resolved, That tlie select committee on printing be in-
|! f-tructcd to examine into and repoitto thirs House whether,
J] m their opinion, any change is required in the existing
II laws providing for and governing the public printing con-
• ] nected with any of the Executive Departments or bureaus.
I; I call for the previous question on the adop-
i, lion of those resolutions.
|j Mr. BURNETT. It was my understanding
that the resolutions were only read for informa-
1 tion.
Mr. GROW. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House, then, that they may be introduced.
Mr. BURNETT. I Will ask the gentleman a
question, the answer to which will determine my
course in reference to the resolutions. I under-
stand that the powers indicated were conferred
upon a special committee.
Mr. GROW. Yes, sir; a special committee
was raised at the opening of the last Congress.
Mr. BURNETT. Did that committee make
a report?
Mr. GROW. The committee raised at this
session is like the committee which was raised
at the last Congress. That committee of the last
Congress went on and made their investigations,
but they were not authorized to report at any
time, and in the call of committees were never
reached, notwithstanding they had performed
their labors and were ready to make their reports.
1 propose now to give the select committee raised
at this session the same powers that the commit-
tee of the last Congress had, so that this whole
subject may be considered; and if they submit a
report at all, that it may cover the whole ground.
Mr. BURNETT. I think that the resolutions
ousrht to be passed.
Mr. GROW, i will make another suggestion
which will obviate a difficulty in the matter. I
propose that the committee shall be allowed to
report at any time.
Mr. BURNETT. I agree to that.
There was no objection to the several propo-
sitions stated bv Mr. Grow; and they were in-
troduced and agreed to.
SAMUEL GREEN.
On motion of Mr. COBB, the Committee on
Public,'Lands was discharged from the further
consideration of the papers in the case of Samuel
Green, a mai! contractor; and they were referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
ELECTION OF PRINTER.
Mr. GARNETT. I demand the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
nesses the execution of the order of the House
to proceed to the election of a Printer for the
House of Representatives.
Mr. PHELPS. I move that there be a call oi
the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The roll was then called, and the following
members failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. Adram, William C. Anderson, Ashley, Barr,
Brabson, Branch, Brown. Horace F. Clark, Clark B. Coch-
rane, Covode. Burton Cniige? Crawford, Davidson, Dim-
mick, Eliot, English, French, Giahnm, Hall, J. Morrison
Harn-, John T. IJ.irrw. Hawkins, Hickman, Holm.m,
Hughe3, Kenyon, DeWitt C. Leach, Logan, Longnecker,
Maclaj.Olm. Peny, Pottle. Pugh, Ilice, Scott, Scranton,
Sjckli-!?, Siuim*, Soino, Stallwortli, James A. Stewart,
William Stewart, Tappan, Thayer, Underwood, Valianriig-
ham, Verree, Waldron, Webster, Whiteley, Windham, and
Wright.
Pending the call,
Mr.CAMPBELL announced thathis colleague,
Mr. Florence, was paired with his colleague,
Mr. Hickmax.
Mr. FLORENCE stated that he had paired
with his colleague, Mr. Hickman, except on the
question of the election of a Printer for the House;
and that on that question, for this day, Mr. Hick-
man was paired with Mr. Whiteley.
Mr. SPINNER stated that his colleagues,
Messrs. Kenyon and Clark, were paired for a
fortnight from yesterday.
Mr. McPHERSON stated that his colleague,
Mr. Longnecker, was paired with Mr. Harris,
of Virginia.
Mr. LOVE stated that he was still paired with
Mr. Eliot.
Mr. NIBLACK stated that his colleague, Mr.
English, was paired with Mr. Waldrox, and
his colleague. Mr. Holman, with Mr. Tappan.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I ask that the absentees
be again read.
The Clerk again read the names of the absen-
tees.
Mr. BARKSDALE. In order to give the ab-
sentees a chance to get here, I move that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole1
on the state of the Union on the amendments of
the Senate to the Post Office appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER. That cannot be done, pend-
ing the order for the election of a Printer.
