THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
document No. 27. It embraces the correspond-
ence bet-ween the commandant of the military
department of Texas and the Secretary of War;
between the commandant of the military depart-
ment of Texas and the Governor of Texas; and
between the Governor of Texas and the War De-
partment and the President of the United States,
running- through the period from 1854 to 1858,
and giving the papers which exhibit the condition
of that frontier.
My time is so limited that it is impossible for
me to refer to all the evidence here given by the
Governor of Texas, and the commanding general
of the Texas department, to show during all that
time the utter inefficiency and inadequacy of the
Federal troops on that line for its defense. And
when I tell the chairman of the Military Commit-
tee that this evidence comes from the command-
ing generals who have had charge, one after an-
other, of the Texas department, all confirming
the same point of the insufficiency and inadequacy
of the Federal troops there for the necessities of
that service, he will then see that ail this is not
the false clamor of interested men in the State of
Texas, either for just or unjust purposes. Pass-
ing over the letters from thc'Govprnorof the State,
I may say, right here, that there has been scarcely
a session of the Legislature of Texas, from 1853
down to this time, that the Congress of the United
States has not been memorialized by joiift resolu-
tions of the Legislature of Texas, asking for pro-
tection to life and property on the frontier of that
State. These memorials of the Legislature have
been indorsed by the Legislature itself appropri-
ating money out of the State treasury to pay State
troops called for on account of the Federal Gov-
ernment not affording adequate protection to the
frontier. It has been indorsed by the high author-
ity of the action of four successive Governors of
Texas—men of high character, noble purposes,
humane alike to the white and the red races, hav-
ing no purpose but to do justice to all alike. It
has been indorsed in every instance by the mili-
tary commandants of the department of Texas,
urging on the War Department, and on the Com-
mander-in-Chief of the Army of the United States,
the necessity for an increase of force in Texas,
and particularly for an active mounted force on
that frontier. This, I trust, will redeem the State
from the implied censure—indeed more than im-
plied censure—cast upon it by the honorable chair-
man of the Military Committee. It ought, at
least, to redeem the State, sincc itcomes from the
highest officer of the United States Army con-
nected with the servicc in that country.
In answer to a letter from Governor Runnels,
of January 9, 1858, notifying General Twiggs of
murders and robberies on the frontier, General
Twiggs, on the 13th of January, 1853, said:
" I regret to s:iy I am not authorized to call for volun-
teers, and can only employ the toice now at my disposal."
I wish to call the attention of the committee
now to the entire letter of General Twiggs, of the
20th of January, 1858. It is addressed to Lieu-
tenant Colonel L. Thomas, Assistant Adjutant
General of the United States Army:
" Sir : Incioscd herewith I transmit a copy of the Indian
agent's report to the superintendent of Indian affairs, By
it you will perceive he has attributed the robberies, mur-
ders, and thefts in Texas, to pauies of Indians who in sum-
mer receive, on the Arkansas river, presents of auin and
ammunition. The agent (Major Neighbor) repi events
those Indians to be Camanches, Kioways, and Kiekapoos,
and to be the depredators on the Texas frontier, and are
the same Indians that roccive arms and ammunition on
the Arkansas river. One of the guns I have in my posses-
sion. As I do not understand the policy of the Govern-
ment inarming those Indians, who, it is notoriously known
to be those that are harassing the Texas frontier, I do not
complain of it, but think it .strange that such things are.
The losses for the last six months on the fiontier aie esti-
mated at six hundred horse, faomesixorcujhtof the inhab-
itants killed, and other property deployed amounting to
sixty or a hundred thousand dollars."
That is the statement of General Twiggs, com-
mander of that deportment, made to the proper
officer, on the 20th day of January, 1858.
I now call attention to the following extracts
fiom the report of Major Neighbors, the Indian
agent on that frontier, dated January 17, 1858:
"To sum up, the whole, on Investigation, shows that
there have been stolen anddiivcn off from our fiontiei since
the 1st of November, about six handred head of horses, and
that seven persons have been killed or captured by Indians
in the same time, viz : one Mr. Davb,tvvo Messrs. Ivenfro,
two Messrs. Johnson and man, one Mr. Johnson's ne<*ro
and one Mr. Johnson's sou taken captive. The amount of
property destroyed and driven off is estimated by our citi-
zens at at least $60,000, without taking into consideration
the lives that have been sacrificed." * * * *
" Although your department has been notifiedfrequently
that the northern bands of Camanehes, Kioways, &c., were
hostile, and, in addition to their attacks on our fiontier set-
tlers, rendering our roads across the State to El Paso unsale
for travelers, as well as the transportation of the mails, they
liavc received their annual presents at Fort Atkinson,
amongst which was a portion of arms and ammunition, thus
arming them the better for their attacks. It is certainly
time that this policy should be abandoned, and active mil-
itary measures adopted to coerce those hostile bands into
subjection, and to force them to abandon their predatory
habits; and 1 would again uige this subject upon your im-
mediate attention.
" As it appears clear that all the Indian depredations this
fall have been committed by Indians who do not properly
belong to the State, but intruders from the United States
Indian territories, our citizens are preparing their papers,
and claims will be urged against the General Government
for indemnity for the losses they have sustained.
" Hoping that you will give the subject your earlyatten-
tion, and that measutes will be immediately adopted to re-
lieve our frontier from those hostile attacks,
" I am, very lespcctfully, your obedient servant."
Again: General Twiggs, on the 30th of Janu-
ary, 1858, writes to the Adjutant General:
" Sir : Herewith is tiansmittcd an accounfeof Indian dep-
redations near and south of Belknap. All the disposable
force of cavalry from camp Verde, Fort Mason, camps Col-
orado and Cooper have been ordered to that pait of Texas,
leaving other poition* of the frontier in some measure un-
piotected. That is* ail 1 can do with the present force."
And I give the following letter from General
Twiggs, to the Army head-quarters, dated July
6, 1858, as giving his view of the condition of the
frontier at that time, and of the policy he thought
should he pursued towards the Indians:
"Sir: The second cavalry remain at or near Belknap.
If they aic intended to be placed under the order.-, of the
depaitmcnt commander for the defense of this fiontier, I
would respectfully recommend a change of policy with tne
Indians. For the last ten \oar-* we have been on the de-
fensive. 1 would suggest that it would be better not to
detach the regiment to" the po>ts as ioimerly, but send two
detachment-* (say, four companies each) into the Indian
country, and follow them up winter and summer; thus
giving the Indian-* •something to do at home and taking care
of their families, and they might possibly let Texas alone.
I think tiv) experiment worth making. Guides and trailers,
I am informed by the agent, can be had from the Indian
reset vation-, :n Texas."
I find that if I undertake to run through this
correspondence, and make the extracts to which
I desire to call the attention of the committee, I
shall consume my whole time, and not be able to
accomplish the other purposes which I wish to
accomplish. I will say, however, that if gentle-
men will take the pains to go through this corre-
spondence, they will find certainly that the letters
of General Twigs show, beyond any doubt, the
necessity for additional troops; and this whole
correspondence shows it independently of the
other prominent facts, such as the action of the
several Legislatures of Texas, and of the several
Governors of Texas, calling into service, at the
expense of the State, again and again, forces for
the protection of this frontier.
But, sir, I must call the attention of the com-
mittee to some more recent facts in reference to
the existing state of affairs upon the frontier of
the State which I in part represent; and the limited
space of time which I have left will compel me to
rely upon a brief statement of the prominent facts
I have in my possession, and with them I shall
be willing to go before the House, with the belief
that I shall have enabled the members present to
see the necessity of the action which it is now
proposed to take. I will read an extract from a
letter of Governor Houston to the Secretary of
War, under date of March 12, 1860:
u Now, as to my calling out volunteers, you will be able
tojudge of the piopnety of my call when you have the facts
which 1 present to the Department before you. For the in-
fo; matron of the Department, I have to state that, within
the last four months, our Indian frontier, as well as some
counties considered m the interior, have been exposed to
ruthle^rt depredations from the Indians, some of them within
fotty-foui miles of our State capital. Accompanying this
leitei,! scud the Department a list of poisons killed, as
weil as the localities in which the murders were perpe-
trated In the last four months, fifty-one persons were killed
and many wounded in escaping from the savages. Horses
to the numbei of eighteen hundred have been stolon, and
within the last few days, seventy horses were stolen from
the dragoons at camp Cooper.
" When the orders which have been issued by the exec-
utive of Texas reach the Department, they will at once
show the necessity of his course as well as the propriety of
'calling out volunteers m Texas to defend the frontier.5
" I cannot but urge most earnestly the calling out of a
regiment of rangers by the Fedeial Government, to protect
the lives and property of our citizens.
'•The fact that regulars cannot protect their cavalry
against Indian thefts and depredations is evidence that they
are not the description of force that can give protection to
our frontier. Moreover, I have not, until urged by an im-
perative sense of duty, as well as the destruction ofJiuman
life, sought to induce the calling out of tioops fiom the
State, a3 the only forcc that can piotcct our settlements
against our Indian foe. They understand Indian habitsnnd
warfare, and can trail and reclaim the booty, and at the
same tune take vengeance on the enemy. A treaty of peace
with the wild Indians who depredate, would, with a com-
paratively small sum, save millions to the Government of
the United States; for until they are exterminated or peace
made with them, guards must be constantly kept, at an im-
mense expense to the Government, and even then our set-
tlements will be subject to suiprise and massacre.
" Were the Indians to enter our territory in largo bodies,
we could meet and destroy them. But they attack in small
parties of from six to fifteen, simultaneously for hundreds
of miles along our frontier. 1 d© most earnestly hope that
the guarantees which we have a right to look to may be
extended, and the State piotected against invasion.
" Since I commenccd this communication, intelligence
has reached me of other murders and thefts in Eiath county
—a mail lider killed and scalped. Likewise, a woman
murdered, and a woman and child carried into captivity.
"I hope for a speedy reply, as our situation calls for
prompt action. We need aims, as well as rangers.
" I have the honor to be, your most obedient servant,
"SAM HOUSTON.
"Sincc the above was written, twelve additional mur-
ders have been rcpoited—four of them within thirty miles
ot San Antonio, the head quaitei<? of the military depart-
ment of Texas; two others within twenty-five miles of
camp Cooper."
Thus it will be seen that some sixty-five per-
sons have been killed upon the frontiers of Texas
within the last four months, and that eighteen hun-
dred horses have been stolen within that period.
And the following extract from the letter of Gov-
ernor Houston, above referred to, will show the
character and extent of the efforts he is now mak-
ing to give protection to our frontier, as also his
belief of the inefficiency of the Federal troops now
in Texas for that purpose:
" It is well known that the Federal troops now in Texas,
engaged m Indian service, are inefficient, and not calculated
to a fiord protection. He has hopes that,Congrcss will make
appropriations for the support ot theTegiment authorized to
be called out by the last Congress. Should it not be, our
settlements mu>t be defended, at whatever cost.
"There are now in the field, actingunder orders, thirteen
commands, numbenng, with their reserved corps, over six
hundied men. By my ' orders'of March 8, each county in
danger authorized to putin the field a minute detachment
offiftcen men, with a reserve often men. Under this'order,5
theie will be soon in the field, if not already, an effective
force, much beyond eve* that authorized to be called out
by the Legislature.
" On the 17th instant, the following order was issued:
" Executive Department, Austin, March 17,1860.
" Sir: By virtue of your commission as aid-de-camp to
the commander-in-chief, and this order, you will proceed to
iai?e a sufficient number of mounted rangers to repel, pur-
sue, and punish the Indians now ravaging the northern and
northwestern settlements of Texas.
" You will organize such men in companies, as the ber-
vice before jou may require, and authorize such persons to
muster them into servicc as >ou may desire.
" You are at full liberty to dispose of the force under your
command at your discretion, and to call upon any officers
commanding Texas troops now in that seivice for men to
aid you in the pursuit and punishment of the foe.
"SAM HOUSTON.
"Colonel M. T. Johnston.
" Colonel Johnston will take the field immediately, and,
although the grass is not high enough to sustain horses well,
he will make a determined effort to get the Indians out of
the country, track them up and punish them."
If I had time to go through the evidence which
he presents, showing the murders and depreda-
tions which have been committed, I think there
is not a member on this floor who would not see
the necessity of prompt and efficient action.
Now, Mr. Chairman, remembering the charac-
ter of the forces you have upon the frontier of
Texas; remembering the extent of that frontier;
remembering the obligation of the Government to
protect the people of the several States against in-
vasion, and remembering the special pledge given
by this Government to Texas on the event of her
annexation, when she surrendered up her nation-
ality, her army, her navy, her forts, her arsenals,
and her armaments; when the proof is presented
that sixty-five men, women, and children have
been murdered within the last four months, and as
many wounded and carried away into captivity
among barbarous Indians, and near two thousand
horses stolen within that time, horses belonging
to farmers who own scarcely anything else than
their stock and the little farms which they have
opened and tried to cultivate; "when I have shown
the great distress which now exists upon that
frontier, in consequence of which the Legislature
of the State recently appropriated more than four
hundred thousand dollars to give them protection,
and called into the field probably one thousand
troops or more at the expense of the State, am I to
be answered that this is only a temporary matter?
that these are only the depredations of small bands
