THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
Mr. DUELL then, by unanimous conscnt,
reported, from the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims* a bill foi- the relief of Sarah S. Tappan;
Which was read a first and sccond time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and, with
the accompanying report, ordered to be.printed.
KEEPING OF PUBLIC DOCUMENTS, ETC.
Mr. PETTlT,by unanimous consent, from the
Committeeon the Library, reported abill to amend
an act approved February 5, 1859, entitled " An
act providing: for the keeping and distributing the
public documents, and for other purposes;'' which
was read a first and second time, ordered to be
Printed, and recommitted to the Committee on the
library.
And then, on motion o'f Mr. SHERMAN, (at
five o'clock, and thirty rriinutes, p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, JlprU 19,1860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
The I ournal of yesterday was read an d approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. BRIGHT presented the memorial of H.'
G. Rogers, praying the allowance of salary and
other expenses, due to him as charge d'affaires to
Sardinia; which was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
Mr. IYERSON presented the petition ofD. D.
Addison, praying that an appropriation be made
to pay him for an index to the Washington pa-
pers, purchased of him by the Secretary of State;
which was referred to the Qommittee on the Li-
brary.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. BINGHAM, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdiaw from the
files of the Senate the petition of Samuel Spaulding, praying
for arrears of pension.
On motion of Mr. BINGHAM, it was
Ordered, That A. Farargar, heir and legal lcprescntative
of the Sieur de llonne, and of the Chevahei de ltepentigny,
have leave to withdraw his petition and papers
ADMISSIONS ON THE J'LOOR.
t Mr. BRIGHT submitted the following resolu-
tion for consideration:
Resolved^ That the'18th rule of the Senate be amended
by adding thereto the toilowing, namely: and the judges
of the Court of Claim-*, and peisons who represent the UhU
ted States as ministers to a loreign eouutiy."
Mr. BRIGHT gave notice that he would call
up the resolution at the first convenient opportu-
nity.
PRINTING INVESTIGATION.
Mr. KING. The special committee on print-
ing have closed their testimony. The committee,
after some consultation, did not cornc to any con-
clusion as to their report, but they intend to do so.
The committee have had their testimony printed
for their own use during their session, and it is
in type. , It is therefore desirable that it should
be disposed of, for the convenience of the printers,
now, as we are to have a recess. The eommittee
unanimously propose to ask the Senate to make
an order to print the testimony, and to move that
two thousand extra copies of it be printed for the
use of the Senate. We shall make aneh motions
upon the report, when we make it, as we think
proper. The motion I now make is in regard to
the testimony, that it be printed, and tlfat two
thousand extra copies be printed for the use of the
Senate.
The motion to print was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question of
printing extra copies will go to the Committee on
Printing.
Mr. FITCH subsequently said: The chairman
of the select committee on printing reported m
favor of printing the testimony taken before the
committee and two thousand additional copies.
That should be acted on now, and I am directed
by the Committee on Printing to report a resolu-
tion in favor of printing.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent and agreed to, as follows:
Ordered, That the testimony taken before the select com-
mittee to inquire into the fraud* and abuses connected with
the public punting, be printed, and that two thousand addi-
tional copies thereof be punted tor the use of the committee.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
Speaker had signed an enrolled bill (S. No. 344)
to amend an act, entitled <e An act to amend an
act, entitled i An act to establish a criminal court
in the District of Columbia;' " and it was signed
by the Vice President.
TIIE CENSUS.
Mr. BAYARD. There are two bills which have
been referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
one of which ought to be acted upon certainly at
once, and probably the other. The first is the bill
(H. R. No. 660) supplemental to an act entitled
"An act to provide for the taking of the seventh
and subsequent censuses of the United States, and
to fix the number of the members of the House of
Representatives, and to provide for the future ap-
portionmentamong the several States,"approved
May 23, 1850. It provides for a sufficient num-
ber of clcrks for the taking of the ensuing census.
It is founded on a communication from the Sec-
retary of the Interior to the chairman of the Ju-
diciary Committee of the House of Representa-
tives, andalso of this body. TheHousehaspassed
the bill, and sent it to us. I am instructed to re-
port it back without amendmen t. It is a very short
bill; and I am directed to ask for its present con-
sideration.
There being no objection, the Senate,as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill, which provides that there may be employed
in the census office one chief clerk, and, at the
discretion of the Secretary of the Interior, such
other clcrks of the first class as the requirements
of the service may demand, of whom the Secre-
tary may advance, from time to time, not more
than ten to the sccond class, nine to the third class,
and six to the fourth class.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to hear some ex-
planation of the bill. Does it increase the force
in the Department?
Mr. TRUMBULL and others. For the census.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
PRIVATE PROPERTY FOR PUBLIC USES.
Mr. BAYARD. The other bill to which I have
alluded is the bill (S. No. 412) to provide for the
taking of private property for public use, after
allowing just compensation therefor. 1 will state
that this bill was reported from the Committee on
the Judiciary during the last Congress. It was
the result principally of the united exertions of
the honorable Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Col-
L.VMCR,j then a member of the committee, and of
the honorable Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. Ben-
jamin.] It was considered in committee very
fully. I think it is exceedingly well guarded.
We have examined it again this session, and re-
ported it back. It provides for all possible eases,
and is based on the true principle for acquiring
property which may be necessary for the service
of the public, after the consent of the Legislature
of the State to its acquisition, within that State.
It will prevent frauds and facilitate the acquire-
ment of any property which may be absolutely
necessary to the public service. I do not know
that I need ask for its present consideration, un-
less the honorable Senator from California desires
it. I am not so instructed. I am instructed to
report it back.
Mr, COLLAMER. Let it be passed.
Mr. GWIN. I hope it will be put on its pas-
sage now. ei
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (S. No. 412) to provide for the taking of
private property for public use, after allowing
just compensation therefor. It provides that in
all cases where Congress shall determine to make
purchase of any place, with the consent of the
Legislature of the State in which the same shall
be, for the erection of any fort, magazine, arse-
nal, dock-yard, or other needful building or build-
ings, it shall be the duty of the President of the
United States to appoint three discreet and dis-
interested persons as commissioners to examine
and estimate the true value of the place to be pur-
chased, which estimate shall be made without
rcferencc to the proposed purchase by the Gov-
ernment; and the President shall have power to
contract with the owner or owners of the prop-
erty, for the purchase thereof, at such price as the
President may deem just and reasonable, not ex-
ceeding, however, the estimated value reported
by the commissioners.
If the owner or owners of the property to be
purchased shall be unwilling to make sale thereof
at such price as the President may be willing to
pay, in accordance with the provisions of this act,
proceedings are to be instituted for taking the
property for public use, after allowing just com-
pensation therefor, in themannerfollowing,name-
ly: the district attorney of the United States for
the district within which the property lies shall
present a petition to the judge of the district court
of the United States for that district, setting forth
exactly the description of the property, its metes,
bounds, and superficial area, and shall annex to
the petition a plat or map, clearly designatingthe
property, and shall set forth the name or names
of the owner or owners, and shall pay for the ap-
pointment of commissioners to estimate and assess
a just compensation to be allowed to the owner or
owners of the property for the taking thereof by
the Government for public use; and the petition
shall be notified to the owner or owners, and, ten
days after such notice, it shall be the duty of the
judge to appoint five discreet and disinterested
persons to examine, estimate, and report what
sum of money would lie a just compensation to
the owner or owners of the property for the taking
thereof by the Government, and, if no objection
nor opposition be made to the report by the owners
within ten days from its being filed m court and
notified to them, it shall be lawful for the Presi-
dent of the United States to direct the same to be
taken for the use of the Government, on the pay-
ment of the sum fixed in the report; but if the
owners shall make objection to the report, or if
the President shall be of opinion that the compen-
sation so fixed is not just, but is exaggerated and
exorbitant, then the court shall, on application of
the owners, or of the district attorney, or both,
! as the case may be, summon a jury of twelve dis-
! interested freeholders, in such manner as shall be
I determined by the judge, to inquire into and de-
! tormine what just compensation shall be allowed
by the Government to the owners of the property
for the taking thereof; and the verdict of such jury
shall be final and conclusive on the question sub-
mitted to them, if approved by the judge; but the
judge shall have power, on the application of either
party within three days after the rendition of the
verdict, to order a new trial, if, in his judgment,
the compensation fixed by the verdict be grossly
inadequate or excessive; but such new trial shall
not be granted more than once on the application
of the same party; and when the just compensa-
tion to be allowed by the Government shall have
been thus fixed by the juiy, and approved by the
judge, it shall be lawful for the President to notify
the owner or owners of the property, within one
year from the final determination of the proceed-
ings, that the Government will take the property
and allow the compensation so fixed; but if for
any cause the President shall deem proper to with-
hold such notice, then the proceedings shall be
considered as abandoned, and the costs shall be
paid by the Government; and it shall never there-
after be lawful to renew them, nor to take the prop-
| city without the owner's consent, unless by \irtue
i of some spccial act of Congress directing the re-
! newal of the proceedings. The costs of all pro-
! ceedings incurred under this act are to be paid by
; the Government, and not by the owners of the
i property, except such costs as may be incurred
by the owners in making unsuccessful opposition
or objection to the leport of the commissioners.
It is further provided, that whenever the prop-
erty required for public use shall belong to some
person or persons unknown, or under~legal dis-
ability to contiact with the Gov eminent, it shall
be the duty of the judge before whom the proceed-
ings are pending to appoint a guardian ad litem
for the owners, who shall make oath honestly and
justly, and with due diligenc, to protect and de-
fend the rights of such owners, and who shall be
entitled, for his services, to a compensation to be
determined by the court, and taxed in the costs,
not cxccedrngone hundred dollars; and whenever
the Government shall take possession of property,
under the provisions of this act, belonging in whole
or in part to persons unknown, or under legal
disabilityto receive payment of the compensation
awarded, and grant valid discharge and acquit-
tance therefor, the amount due to such owners
