348
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 19,
36th Cong. .. .1st Sess. The Issues: Bred Scott Decision: Parties—Mr. Washburn.
Ho. 03? Reps.
tide for the consumer. In the matter of cotton
prints, and other low-priced cottons, it has proved
the reverse; and instead of paying from twenty-
eight to thirty cents per yard for these articles,
manufactured abroad, we now pay from six to
ten cents per yard for the same, manufactured at
Home. What", let mc ask, would we be now pay-
ing for this article, had we not encouraged, its
manufacture here? The question answers itself.
What would he our situation, and what would be
the price of iron here, had we suffered England
to supply us entirely with this article, instead of
working up our native ores? The answer is evi-
dent to every one. England, who holds the mo-
nopoly, would be able to fix her own price; and
we, from necessity, would be compelled to pay
it. Those who claim that a tariff will raise the
pu'ce of the article in the hands of the consumer
will not find much comfort in this view of the
subject.
There are some, however, who deny that, un-
der the Constitution, we have any right to lay a
tariff upon the imports of the country. This, like
many other well-established principles of the Gov-
ernment, has of late years been questioned by a
certain coterie of politicians, who have arrogated
to themselves more wisdom, and have assumed
to themselves the power better to expound the
Constitution and the principles and organism of
the Government, than the men who took part in
its construction and foundation. It may be welt
to quote the sentiments of those good men. I
refer first to the letter of President Madison to Jo-
seph C. Cabell, dated Montpcher, September IB,
1828. The letter is too long to be referred to in
detail, but he unequivocally expresses it to be his
opinion that Congress has power, under the Con-
stitution, to pass such an act. He commenccd as
follows:
"Your letter reminds mo of your conversation on the
constitutionality ot the powcrot'Con^iv^toimpo.soataritT
for the encouragement oi'mmiulactutv-*. ami <il my piomwo
to sketch the giouml-t of the confident opinion J had ex-
ploded that it was among the power■> vested in that body."
In his letter to the same person, dated the 30th
of October, 1828, he says;
"In my lettei of Sept ember IS, I slated bucfly thA grounds
upon which Iiested niv opinion that a power 10 "nnpo.se
duties and restrictions on unpoiH, with a uevv to encour-
age domestic productions, \v<i^ ronititui.on.illv lodgiM in
Congress, In the observations then mad.' vva^ m\oivrd the
opinion also that the power wn<* properly lo:!'_'i:d then; "
President Jefferson, in his letter to J. P>. Say,
Esq., of March 2,1815, after reciting the advant-
ages of a tariff in making us independent in a
military point of view, says:
uThe piohilutorv duties wo lay on all articles of foreign
manufacture which piudence iequire*u^ to eMabh-di .it
home, with the patriotic deteiimnaiioii ol everv yood cit-
izen to um: no loreiqn aitielcs wln< !i can bo mado within
our>rIv s, without ifgaid todiflWenreot puces, serinesu.->
against relapse into foreign dependency."
General Jackson, in his annual message of the
7th of December, 1830, among other things, says:
" The ohject.of the taiiff is objected to by some as nncon
stituttonal, and it is considered b> almost all as detective
in manv of its parts. The power to impose dune-, on nn-
poi i* original!) belonged to the several State-.. The right
to adjust those duties, with a view to the cneouiagrmentof
domestic brandies ot mduf.tr>, is so completely incidental
to that powei, that it is difficult tobuppo^o the existence of
the one without the othei. The States have delegated their
whole authoiity over impoits to the General Government,
without limitation oi K-'stiietion^avnii; the vcr\ jnco.i-id-
orable reseivation relating to ihrir inspection laws. Tin*,
authoiity having thus until ely pa^cd iiom the States, the
right to cxoicise it for purpose? ot pioteetion does not exi^t
in them ; and. consequently, it it he not po-vc^ed b\ the
Geneial Government, it mu-l be e.\nnet. Our pohtical
s> - teni would thus piescnt the anomah ol a people -tupped
of the light to foftoi then own mdu-tiy, and to ronntc:at r
the nio^t selfish and d-'i-tructive policy which might he
adopted by foreign nation-..*'
ITcro is the question of the constitutionality of
the tariff settled, if precedent and the opinion of
the leading men of the early days of t he Republic
can settle anything connected with the tuie policy
of the Government they may be said to have
founded.
Look at the situation of this Government m re-
spect to its foreign trade; and if jt can be pros-
porous under such a state of circumstances, it con-
tradicts every theory and principle applied to the
private affairs of individuals. Our total importa-
tions from foreign countries, exclusive of specie,
in 1859, were $332,398,427. Our total exports,
exclusive of specie, $292,902,051; malting a bal-
ance of trade against us of $39,496,376. In ad-
dition to this, it is estimated that our foreign debt
is $544,000,009. Our annual interest on that in-
debtedness is over §32,000,000, at the lowest fig-
ure. Does this not present a frightful balance-
sheet against us; and is it not evident that, if we
continue this policy of purchasing from abroad,
we will in the end become hopelessly insolvent
and bankrupt as a nation ? The financial policy
of a nation is but that of an individual family;
and a nation is nothing but an aggregation of fam-
ilies; and the laws of financc governing the one
must govern the other. What is the conclusion you
draw as to the continued solvency of your neigh-
boring farmer, who annually purchases more than
his crop and income amount to? Why, that he will
continue solvent just as long as it will take for the
excess of his purchases over his income to con-
sume his capital. It matters not how cheap, or at
how Iowa price he may get the articles purchased;
if he purchases more than the amount of his in-
come annually, the day of his insolvency is near
at hand, and will, if he continues this course, as
certainly arrive as the sun rises in the cast and
sinks in the west. If the head of the family foils,
the members of the family, one and all, share his
misfortune. So it is with Governments, or the
aggregation of families; if the country becomes
poor and suffers, the people (or the members of
the great family-politic) suffer with her.
But it is contended by the advocates of free
trade that this balance of trade against us is made
good by the gold we dig in California and export
to Europe. Would we not be getting richer by
keeping our gold ? They say gold is as much a
production of the country as any other commod-
ity—say iron orc,&c.; but if it takes all our prod-
uce of gold to keep us even, does it not occur to
some that our gold deposits arc becoming ex-
hausted by this drain; and where will we be when
that occurs? Again: it does not impugn the ex-
ample I have given. If a farmer should have a
gold mine upon hifc farm, and plenty of sons to
work his farm and produce what he consumes,
as well as woik his mine, would lie not bo pur-
suing a more wise financial policy to work both
the farm and the nunc? The farm would pro-
duce what tiie family consumed, and the gold,
when mined, would be placed in his collets. if
he pursued the policy contended for, namely,
work the mine and pay out all the yearly products
of it for what his family consumed, and the nunc
should fail, he would be in the same position as
he was when he fust opened it. So with us, as
a people; we contend that our great family is large
enough to work our mines—gold, iron, 7inc,and
copper—till our lands, and manufacture what we
consume;and if there an: any profits left, the great
family can slow them away in its coffers.
The bill now under consideration, although not
containing as high a scale of duties upon some
aiticlesas is desirable, and undoubtedly having
some defects, is still, probably, as fair a one as
the friends of protection can obtain. It has mod-
ified, to as great an extent as practicable, the mis-
chievous iniluences of the ad valorem system, and
introduced, to a great extent, the specific form of
levying duties. This part of the bill is, in my
opinion, a great benefit to both the Government
and our manufacturers, even if the average yearly
duties were not increased. Under the ad valorem
system, when the price of the manufactured ar-
tule was low, and the home manufacturei needed
pioteetion, the duties wet e so low as to enable the
loreign manufacturer to undeisell him in our mar-
kets. And when the price of the manufactured ar-
ticle was high, and the home manufhctuierneeded
scarcely any pi otectmn, the duty was high. Take
a case of this kind. The price of bar iron has
ranged within the last few years from $35 to §75
ptr ton. At a twenty per cent, ad valorem, when
the ptice was low, and protection was essential,
the duty was but £>7 per ton: when the price was
high, and they needed little protection, the duty
was $15.
Again: the ad valorem system, with the foreign
valuation, enabled the exporter-to defraud the
Government of its duties, and undersell the man-
ufacturer here, by using double invoices; one for
the custom-house, and one for the consignee. In
the invoice for the custom-house ho fixed the val-
uation of the article at the very lowest figure that
would not create suspicion, holding out, as has
been abundantly demonstrated it was practiced
under the late law, great temptations to perjury.
The result of the ad valorem system has been to
transfer the importing trade of this country to the
hands of foreigners. It has been said, and upon
good authority, that three fourths of the import-
ing merchants of the country are foreigners; and
it can be well seen what advantages they have
over our own under this system, as it enables the
British manufacturer to engage, himself, in the
importing trade by establishing agcncies here,
and then the invoices can be made to suit himself.
The warehouse system is, in my view, another
great advantage to the foreign manufacturer, and
an injury to this Government. It enables him to
export his goods under the ad valorem system,
(when the prices are low, and consequently the
duties low,) and store them in bond in the ware-
houses our Government has built for him, to await
higher prices. When the price has sufficiently
advanced to enable him to sell, he then, and not
till then, pays his duty, launches his goods upon
the market like an avalanche, and drives from it
the home manufacturer.
I am, therefore, in favor of the bill before the
House; and although, as 1 before remarked, the
duties upon some articles are not as high as is
desirable, still I believe it will replenish an ex-
hausted Treasury, and once more sot the wheels
of this Government properly in motion, resusci-
tate our languishing manufactories, afford a home
market for our agi icultural productions, and give
to the laboring men of our country employment
and remunerative wages. In fine, I believe, if this
bill becomes a law, and its protective features are
allowed to remain undisturbed, it will result in
making us a prosperous and happy people. This
a kind and bountiful Providence has evidently
in^ded we should be; for He has expressed it
oflW^cry feature of this broad and smiling land.
You see it in its towering mountains, its inland
seas, its mighty rivers, its broad and boundless
plains, and its golden mines. Where was there
ever any such a land—a land upon which nature
seems to have exhausted her skill and handiwork*
Let us embrace the privileges that have been
afforded us, and we wiil march on to the destiny
appointed for us: the greatest, the freest, the
happiest people.
THE ISSUES: DRED SCOTT DECISION: PARTIES.
SPEECH OF HON. I. WASHBURN,
OF MAINE,
In this House of Representatives,
May 19, 1860.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on tlio
stnto of the Union—
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, said:
Mr. Chairman:
" Queen Elizabeth equipped two vessels for her own solo
profit, m which two vessels, escorted by the fleet undei the
command of Hawkins, wcie the fiist unhappy blacks in-
veigled lmm tlieir shores by Englishmen, and doomrd to
end tSieirUvfs in «*eivitude. Elizabeth was avaricious and
eiuel; but a small segment of her heart had a briefsunsbme
on it, darting obliquely. We are under a king [George ill.]
notoriously more avaricious; one who passes without a
shudder the gibbets his sign-manual has garnished; one
who sees on the field* of the most disastrous battles—battles
in which he ordered his people to fight his people—nothing
else to be legietted than the lo«s ot hoises and saddles, of
havei^aeksand jackets. lfthisin en.satcand insatiable man
even hcais that Q.ueen Elizabeth wai a slave dealer, he
will assert the inalienable rights ot the Ciown, and swamp
youi motion."
I have read from an imaginary conversation
between Romilly and Wilbcrforcc, by Waltei
Savage Landor, the statement of an actual fact.
The words arc understood to have been spoken
by Romilly.
In the original draft of the Declaration of Inde-
pendence, Thomas Jefferson wrote:
u tic [George III.] has waged cruel war against human
nature itself, violating itsmo-tsaeied rights of life and lib-
eity,m the persons of adir-tant people, who never offended
linn ; captivating and eariyjngtliem into slavery in another
hemi^pbeie, or to incur miserable death in their tianspoit-
ation thither. Tins piratieal warfare, the opprobrium of
infidel Powers, is the waifaie of the Christian King of
Great Britain. Determined to keep a market where men
should bo bought and sold, he has at length prostituted his
negative for suppressing any legislative attempt to prohibit
and icstram tins execrable commerce."
