2734
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
period of studies at the Military Academy; and in view of the
fact, that an increase of the term from four to five years has,
through a long scries of years, been constantly recom-
mended by various individuals aod boards, both from civil
life and from the military service; that the change was
finally made at considerable trouble, and has not yet had a
trial sufficient to determine fully its advantages or defects;
and that it is far easier, if full experience shall demand it,
to shorten the course than increase it, I have determined
not to disturb the five years' term, and all orders that have
been gjiven to, the contrary w*U be revoked.
Yours, &c., &"c., &c., J. B. FLOYD,
The course, therefore, has authoritatively re-
mained at five years from the time it was so fixed.
Now we come to the question of whether it is
necessary to continue it at five years, or whether
it may be reduced to four; and with a view to
abridge the argument as much as possible, I shall
proceed directly to the highest authority on which
the Senator from Maine and his correspondent re-
lied,that of Colonel Thayer, whom, comphmcnt-
arily.j.he has justly stated was the founder of the
present organization of the Academy, and was
frequently called the father of the institution. Col-
onel .Thayer, after mature consideration of the
whole subject, it having been for some time be-
fore him, in 1824 wrote as follows to General
Macomb, the Inspector:
''Military Academy, West Point,
u January 28, 18*24.
"5hu: I have the"honor to acknowledge the receipt of
your communication of the 23d instant, mtouningme that
you had laid before the Secretary ot War my plau for a
more complete organization ot tlie Military Academy, and
that it met with his approbation, except in one oi two un-
impoi tant particulars.
" You mention that it is pioposed toadd to the academic
staff two professors of the Spanish language. The intro-
duction ot that language at the present tune appears to me
to be inexpedient. The present couise ot' studies is as great
as can possibly he accomplished in the time allotted to it.
If. therefore, any other study be intioduced, it would be
nccessaiy either to extend the time, winch, £ presume, is
not contemplated, or to exclude some portion of what is
now taught. But from what branch, oi branches, shall the
retrenchment be made? It will doubtless be admitted that
any branch of the present course is of essential impoitance
to the scientific officer; and I believe it can be clearly
demonstrated that no one of these branches is carried too
far, or bejond the limits of practical utility; moreover, the
several parts oi the couise are so connected with and adapted
to each other, that no one can berettenched or lessened in
any degree without injury to all the rest."
Then he goes on to recommcnd some horses
for cavalry and artillery practice. Since the time
when Colonel Thayer wrote that letter there has
been a great expansion in all the departments of
science, and the particular language which he
said could not be taught without an increase of
the term of studies has been introduced into the
Academy; and I know of no one, military man
or civilian, who says that language should not be
taught to officers of the Army, it is more im-
portant even than French, so far as the use of it
is concerned in the Army. It has been introduced,
and is now taught at the Academy, so as to meet
the wants of our coterminous relations with the
Hispano-Americans, and it cannot be eliminated
without serious injury to the service. How, then,
is Colonel Thayer's authority to stand? If it is
to be relied upon as conclusive, it is so in favor
of the increase of the term over the four years,
because the additional study has been introduced
which he said involved the inciease of the term.
As to all that has been said about the hurtful
change from four to five years, it is to be con-
strued in connection with the fact that they have
continued to keep the cadets in the fifth year
under the same state of discipline as those in the
first and sccond years; but if that last year was
made, what special schools are m other services,
a year of application, so that the cadet would
be relieved from the tedium of the discipline of
the Academy, the objection which has therefore
been made would be lemoved. The only objec-
tion, then, which would remain, would be the in-
creased difficulty of maintaining discipline in the
Academy; and that is the only one which he,
whom I presume to be the writer of the letter
read by the Senator, made to me, both in conver-
sation and in writing. That it would entail ad-
ditional difficulty on the instructors, may be true;
but they are put there for the purpose of admin-
istering the Academy so as to make it most
effective to the military scrvicc; and whosoever
are unwilling to encounter that additional labor,
should he changed,and others substituted in their
place.
Now, Mr. President, having answered to the
points which were m?de rather personal than gen-
eral, I proceed to examine the question in its
relations to our power of legislation. What have
we to do with the length of time that the cadets
remain at the Academy? Is it a proper subject
of legislation ? They are warrant officers of the
Army. Can Congress any more by act prescribe
the length of time these warrant officers shall re-
main at West Point than they can the time lieu-
tenants shall remain stationed at Fort Yuma?
Will they attempt, by general regulation, to de-
clare that all warrant officers shall remain four
years at the Academy? They may as well do
that as to declare that they shall not remain more
than four years at tha Academy. Will they soy,
that to make an officer of infantry, or of cavalry,
whatever may be his scientific acquirements when
he enters the Academy, lie must remain four years
in it? This Procrustean bed might very well sim-
plify the discipline of the Academy, but it would
be as ifhtrue to the interests of the service as it is
to the present condition of the laws of the coun-
try.
When the Academy was instituted, Mr. Jeffer-
son, following the plan of the great institution of
France, the Polytechnique, intended it as a school
of engineers; and under the act of 1802 the pro-
vision was, that the corps of engineers "shail be
stationed at West Point, in the State of New
York, and shall constitute a military academy;
and the engineers,assistant engineers, and cadets
of said corps, shall be subject at all times to do
duty in such place, and on such service, as the
President of the United States shall direct." Even
when it was intended that the Military Academy
should be nothing but a corps of engineers, still
they were subject to do duty in such place and
service as the President might direct; but as the
Academy increased in size and usefulness, legis-
lation changed to correspond with it; and in 1812
we find it enacted:
"The cadets heretofore appointed into the service of the
United States, whether of artillery, cavahy, riflemen, or
infantry, or that may in future be appointed, as hereinafter
piov ded, may be attached, at the discretion of the Presi-
dent of the United States, as students to the Military Acad-
emy, and be subjcct to the established regulations thereof."
These cadets, then, were to be attached, at the
discretion of the President, to the Military Acad-
emy, and the length of term they were to remain
was clearly, in the contemplation of Congress, to
be according to the corps in which they were to
serve. The whole discretion, by existing legis-
lation, is left in the hands of the President.
To what place would you transfer it? Shall Con-,
gress say how long a warrant officer shall remain
under instruction before he may perform the du-
ties of a commissioned officer? Is that one of
the details in the government of the Army which
Congress can properly undertake to execute?
Will Congress say, that in no exigency of war,
under no necessity of the military service, the
President shall call a cadet from the Military
Academy to do duty in the field; to serve as a
supernumerary officer with a company; to act
as a sub-lieutenant, with the warrant of cadet?
Surely Congress will not undertake thus to inter-
fere with the constitutional prerogative of the
President of the United States, the Commander-
in-Chief of the Army.
If, then, it may not do this any more in relation
to a warrant than a commissioned officer, and if
all past legislation indicates that this has never
been the purpose of Congress, why, I ask, in this
summaiy manner do you propose now to intro-
duce an amendment in the Army appropriation
bill, which assumes the power of controlling the
discipline, organization, and length of studies to
be pursued at the Military Academy? Without
a preliminary examination; without any one here
being prepared to answer to such inquiries as
any commission properly constituted would put
to a witness who should be brought before them,
how is it possible that we should legislate wisely,
or how is it possible that our action should not
be hurtful? Rut, if Congress take another view
of it; if it is resolved that we will legislate upon
the subject, which it seems to me improper that
we should thus touch, then I proceed to consider
it upon its merits; and here I must redeem the
pledge I have made, and show, upon the authority
of a lettterfrom a cadet, that this inducement has
been held out to the corps of cadets to correspond
with the members of Congress. I shall not give
the name of the cadet, though he has not forbid-
den it; neither of the only person whom he does
name in the letter:
United Statics Military Academy,
West Point, New York, November 20, 1859.
Dear Sir: I have recently seen a letter fiom one Mr.
 , member of Congress from , containing a plan, to
be adopted the ensuing session, for effecting a change of
course at this institution.
I may, say here that the writer is mistaken; the
person he names is not now a member of Con-
gress.
It is biiefly a-? follows: when the general appropria-
tion bill lbi the Academy i> mtiodueed, an amendment is
to be appended thereto reducing and fixing the tenn of
studies to Jour veara. In oidei to get the requisite support
to ttiis movement m the House, each cadot interested is to
wine to his Congressman, ami have lusliiendsdo the same,
urging its utility and propuety.
Mi. &ay* : k* As a matter of couue. Gcneial Davis
i will be opposed to this; and, as he is regai dec! a<-vciy high
j authonty by the Senate in military matters, his infi'ience
; will caudc its rejection ; but, then,"he add*, " if the House
i stands tiim, the Senate must yield, or be lesponsible lor
withholding the appropnation altogether."
Sec how perfectly he describes the programme
of action recently attempted:
lie wntcs a-5 though the whole thing were fixed, and
no doubts remained as to catrynig out the programme, it
will receive the heaity snppoitof the corps, with the ex-
ception of the first class. Cla<s meetings have already been
held to adopi means and secure unanimity of coopeiauon.
Hoping this subject may receive youi attention, and
that the information given above may be of scrvicc to jou
in preventing ill-advised and not entirely dihinterc-Kd
tampering with the present admirable system of our truly
national military institution, I am, with high icgaid,
Youis, voiy respectfully, ,
Cadet United States Military Acadony.
P. S.~I should have stated that Mr. has a son in
the fourth class.
Hon. Jefferson Davis, United States Senate.
I have another very honorable exception to the
course that has been pursued in relation to this
matter. It is from the father of a cadet, a gentle-
man who is not known to me, except from his
letter. He writes to me from Burlington, Ver-
mont:
Burlington, Vermont, May 4, i860.
DfarSir: Yon will paidon this letter fiom a stranger.
I wiite you because I believe you to heinoie familuu with
the subjcct to which 1 desne to call your attention than
any othet memherot the Senate. Otheiwise, I should have
addressed the Senators trom this State.
1 have a son at the Military Academy at West Point,
who enteied in June, 1857, tiom the ilmd distiict of New
Hampshire, my icsidence at that time being at Lebanon,
in that State.
When he entered the Academy, the course was fixed,
under your own administration ot the YVai Department, at
five years. Your successor, the picsent Sccictary, ehanged
it to fout yeais, and so iar earned his change into efleetas
to prepare two classes to graduate in 1858. Hut, a verv
s-hoit time before the end of the academic joar. ho counter-
manded the order and ictained the five yeai cour>e.
Now, I obseive that the Ilou^e has amended the West
Point bill, so as to adopt a four yeaib' course. In case thh
amendment is agreed to by the Senate, and all the picsent
classes come under its opeiation, the present second and
third classes will be depiivcd ot one year, ot have the
studies of two years ciowded into one, and lose many ad-
vantages they are now entitled to.
Would it not be well, if the change is made, that tlx
picsent classes, especially the second and thud classes, be
exempt from the operation of the law, and allowed to com-
plete their five years' course ? 1 am well aware that many
of the cadets of these classes desire to graduate as boon a<.
possible ; but my judgment is, that young gentlemen tlo not
always know, or at least desne to practice, what may be
for theii greatest advantage in future.
The interest X feel in the subject is my apology for re-
dressing you.
1 am, with great respect, your obedient servant,
Hon. Jefferson Davis, United States Senate, <SJ'c.
Let these stand against the importunities of such
as seek to escape from patient toil by lowering
the standard of academic acquirement.
When the subject was before the committee of
conference, I received two letters fiom membeis
of the commission which had been instituted to ex-
amine into the programme of studies. They both
state emphatically that we have to choose between
raising the standard of admission and the reduc-
tion of the course, which can only be done by
abandoning studies which they deem essential, or
continuing the course at the present duration, five
years.
But an impression has gone abroad that this
course of five years was one which I had intro-
duced when Secretary of War; and, coupled with
this, no doubt some persons have believed there
was a certain pride of opinion on my part con-
nected with it. I wish to divest the mind of any
