1860.
. THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
one of that impression, so that whatever I say may
at least be free from the reduction to which it
would be subject to from such relation.
When I was in the War Department, the sub-
ject was presented to me, as one for which legis-
lation svas desired, by the Chief of Engineers, the
inspector of the Academy. It was presented as a
recommendation which had come from various
boards of visitors, and from various academic
boards, but for which they had never been able
to obtain the attention of Congress. My first im-
pression when it was presented was, that no legis-
lation was necessary; but only decided that I
•would take it into consideration, and if legislation
was necessary, would recommend it to Congress;
if not necessary, would follow the recommenda-
tion which had been made for so many years, both
from the boards of visitors and the academic
board. The consequence was, that, having satis-
fied myself that the matter was one of an adminis-
trative character; that it belonged to the executive
branch of the Government, the academic term
was entirely increased to five years. The pro-
gramme of studies was not acceptable when it was
laid before me; and I sent it back to the academic
board, with a statementof my objections. They
insisted on the programme; and in deference to
their greater knowledge, and also to the fact that
they had to execute it, whatever it was, I surren-
dered my own- objections; and, as it stands, it is
their own work, the result of twenty years' ap-
plication on their part,and a programme adopted
exclusively by themselves. If there be merit in
it, it is not mine; I did not either originate it, or
perfect it. I am not entitled to any commenda-
tion if it be good, nor justly amenable if fault be
in it.
This being the case, I approach it as free from
any personal connection as any one who hears
me—with the interest admitted m the beginning
of my remarks; an interest which, created in my
boyhood, has been maintained by association
since. It is, I trust, however, not separate from,
but intimately identified with, the interest of the
public service.
Near the close of the last century, when the
revolutionary spirit took possession of Prance,
all which genius by the unflagging toil of centu-
ries had produced of refinement, of civilization,
of high scientific and literary culture, rose but in
proportion to their height to offend the mob which
then held the reins of government; and in the
spirit of abasement, all that was lofty and culti-
vated was leveled to the earth. The department
schools were crushed by Talleyrand, anticipating
that he was to substitute for them a better sys-
tem, and supposing he was thus to liberate those
schools from their connection with the clergy.
They destroyed the schools, which the clergy
and nobility had built up; but they substituted
nothing m their place. Generals of experience,
highly cultivated officers, had to give place to the
sans culottes. Their armies were beaten on the
frontier. In that state of the case, that great Sec-
retary of War, Carnot, whose name remains
equally identified with education and with the
military movements of the French Army, com-
menced, from the wrecks of defeat, to create the
system on which he built ihe future grandeur
of the military establishment of Prance. The
shock of defeat enabled him to recall to the service
officers who were worthy to lead armies and were
able to comprehend military necessities. With
the first successes which lollowed the change in
the administration of their frontier army, coll'i"
dcnce attached to their Secretary of^S^ar, he called
around him the master spirits in mathematics and
military science, and this offspring of the neces-
sity which a bitter experience had demonstrated
was ushered in the school which has been the
foundation of the military science and achieve-
ments of France. It was upon the wreck which
the destructive spirit of revolutionary anarchy had
made, and by the sad lesson which its confusion
taught, that the Polytechnic school arose. Have
we reached that spirit of anarchy in our own
country? Shall it now drag down an institution
which has recommended itself by useful contri-
butions in peace, and by honorable fruits reaped
on many a oloody battle field? Are we rashly to
insert the hand of legislative innovation into mat-
ters which belong to executive administration;
winch should be evolved from the close delibera-
tions of specially informed commissions and aca-
demic boards? Are we to decide upon what the
expansion of science demands? Are we to fix
the standard of admission, and the standard of
graduation, of cadets? If so, sir, itis the begin-
ning of the end of an institution which has thus
far brought nothing but blessings to the country.
Whenever the Congress of the United States, by
any considerations—I care nothow worthy—shall
assume, by an amendment upon an appropriation
bill, without a previous examination, without
bringing before them witnesses, to upheave these
mere matters of military administration, and thus
to usurp so important and necessarily an execu-
tive function as this, we had better consider that
the time has come when new institutions are to be
constructed. Better abandon the military school
than subvert the fundamental principles of- mili-
tary administration on which it has so long rested;
if governed by the special legislation of Congress
made to conform to the wishes of the pupils, the
institution would become unable to achieve the
ends for which it was established.
Through every recommendation which has been
made by any of the scientific military men who
have touched the subject, you find that their
minds constantly revert to the plan of a school of
application. We know that Congress will not
make these double appropriations. We know
that, even at a time when there was no party or
sectional rivalry in the two Houses, when Mr.
Calhoun was Secretary of War, though the ablest
military men in the country pointed out the ne-
cessity for schools of application, and he recom-
mended legislation for the purpose, no bill wasever
reported in either of the two Houses of Congress to
effect it. What can we expect now ? Is there any
one of those who hear me who is willing to-day,
if we reduce the course of instruction, to say that
we shall annex thereto a proposition to found a
school of application, where those branches not
taught in the Military Academy may be learned
before the officer is required to perform the duties
of his station ? Is there any one here who is will-
ing to divide our military instruction; to fix the
requirements of the different arms of the service;
saying to those who enter the infantry, you need
no more than what belongs to that branch of the
service; and so to the cavalry, and so on, making
that discrimination which countries of small rev-
enue and large armies always must have between
the officers of the scientific corps and the officers
of the line of the army ? I think there is none who
contemplates any such change in the system; that
our little Army is hereafter, as heretofore, to be
regarded as a mere nucleus, around which the
fighting body of the militia are to be assembled
in time of war; and that every corps of the Army
is to have in its ranks officers who have been ed-
ucated up to the point of engineers, who under-
stand the principles of attack and defense, and
will be ready on any emergency, though there be
but a company of infantry serving with a division
of militia, to furnish an engineer who will know
how to conduct a sap, to throw up an intrench-
mcnt, to carry on a siege, or provide for the de-
fense of a place if besieged.
This is part of the benefit which results from
having a people able to support a large army,
and yet required, in time of pcace, to support but
a very small one.
Are the sciences to stand still? Are we to learn
no more of chemistry, as the knowledge of chem-
istry advances over the world; no more of astron-
omy ; 110 more of engineering; no more of ordnance,
of artillery ? When all the world is advancing in
each of these branches; when new systems of at-
tack and defense are taught in foreign armies;
when new elements of artillery are introduced —
guns and cartridges and projectiles constantly
changing— when the profoundest science is
brought°to boar, and the highest mathematics ap-
plied to the solution of problems of artillery, are
we tn assume a fixed condition while all the world
beside ourselves move on? If not, if we are to
keep pace with the progressive step of science,
then, sir, you cannot determine the time within
which you will teach these sciences, beginning
from a fixed standard. Will you change that
standard? Will you require every youth who comes
to enter the Militaiy Academy to have reached the
point of mathematical studies, which will enable
Slim to master all these advancing sciences m four
years ? If so, you exclude from the military ser-
vice a large body of those who arc not able to
obtain a preliminary education; either from the
poverty of their parents or from the* sparse* settle-
ment and defective schools of the country in which
they reside. • -
The Senator from Oregon would vainly hope
to see a cadet appointed from and solely tauglitin
that youthful State pass through the Academy,
when the standard of admission was raised so
high that it required, when admitted, a knowledge
of the exact mathematical sciences, to enable him
to progress with the rest of the studies required
of the corps. There would then be a favored
class. The history of the Academy shows that
some who have come from the western settlements,
with the smallest portion of education, and too
poor to pay their way by the ordinary mode:of
travel, have mastered thecourse, and stood at the
head of their class. One who was an honor to the
Academy—and is now an honor to it, for he is a
professor of it—and I may allude to him without
indelicacy, because it is but an admitted and af-
fectionately paid tribute to his merit—entered the
Academy with so little previous preparation that
at night he had to study the dictionary to lesrn
the definitions ofthe very words he had toemploy
in demonstrating his problems by day. Yet he
was the first of his class, and is one of the most
scientific men of our country. Are you to exclude
these, or are you to require extraordinary labor
and extraordinary talent to overcome the obstacle,
for both are involved. Had the course been theft
such as has been since projected; had English
studies then been taught to the cadet, when he
was first admitted; had his mind been trained to
expression, and had his knowledge of language
been increased before he was brought to the higher
problems of science, the way would have been
smoothed, which only combined talent and energy,
such as his whom I have cited, could have trod
with all its roughness.
If neither of these things, then, is to he done,
if you are neither to assume that in our country
the military science is at a normal condition, nor
to change the standard of admission, if you are
not to eliminate any of these things which are
deemed essential to the education of a military
man, what remains but for you to increase your
course with the constant expansion of science?
Its expansion has been found equal to one year;
and if, in the future, its expansion should be still
greater, it has yet a margin before it reaches the
limit which has been fixed in many of the foreign
services. However instructive their experience
may be, I suppose it is unnecessary to enter into
details which attract here so little notice, and will
limit my reference to one service, and to the most
general description. In the French system they
have four schools—one intended for all arms—
that of St. Cyr; then the Polytechnique, which
is a general school, both civil and military; then
the school of application, at Metz; and then they
have the school of the staff. Two years for each
of these makes eight years to complete the most
thorough military education. They do not, I be-
lieve, usually or necessarily pass through the four
schools; but they usually go through at least six
years of study. After they have received a grad-
uating degree from another institution, they un-
dergo a competitive examination before being
admitted to either of the four schools named.
They are thus entered into these military schools
with a state of preparation about equal to our
third class. Their first step, by a competitive ex-
amination, submits them to a test, the standard of
which is equal certainly to our fourth, if not our
third class. If you will raise the standard of ad-
mission into the Military Academy, so that they
may enter the third class, then you may reducc
the term to three years. Three years will suffice
to teach the military art, if tho sciences upon which
it rests have been taught before. It is because
we take the uneducated many, and not the edu-
cated few, that we require the long term. Hence,
if we are to legislate on the subject at all, there
is wisdom in the proposition offered by my col-
league, that you may abridge the term by raising
the standard", that you may allow one, who has
acquired enough of education to enter a higher
class, to pass at once to it, and to remain a
shorter time in the Academy. The thorough mil-
itary training would not he quite so good; but
good enough, 1' believe, for the purpose; and if it
be right to legislate on the subject at all, then I
think the proper method would be to allow the
