I860;
tracted for the work with some person outside
the city—as, for instance, with some person in
the city of Philadelphia—the person holding the
contract has almost invariably relet the work, at
a discount of some sixty or seventy per cent, on
the price contracted for by that Department. I
know that this class of work can be done for about
that rate of discount on the prices which the De-
partment is compelled to pay under the law as it
now exists.
The amendment offered by Mr. Florence was
disagreed to.
Mr. WALTON. I offer the following amend-
ment:
Strike out all of the Senate's fifth amendment after the
word a that," and insert the following:
That for all Post Office Wanks ordered on and after the
J Otli day of February, instant, the existing compensation
provided by law shall be allowed, deducting therefrom sev-
enty per centum.
Mr. Chairman, this amendment will put the
matter precisely upon the ground stated by the
gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Phelps.] The
gentleman says the effect of the amendment of
the Senate will be to save seventy per cent, of the
expense of printing these Post Office blanks; now,
let us fix it by law, that that amount shall be de-
ducted. I understand, from one familiar with
the contract system, that, under the amendment
of the Senate, the Superintendent of Printing may
put $30,000 into his own pocket for every $20,000
saved to the Government.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I am opposed to the amend-
mcntof the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Wal-
tov,] as well as to the amendment of the Senate,
not upon the merits of either orthem, but be-
cause I consider them out of time and out of place.
I wish now upon the threshold, that the House
shall not consent to any of these amendments
containing independent legislation, put forward
in this way. If a bill shall be introduced into
the House, making the provision which is now 1
befoie us, I shall be ready cheerfully to sustain I
it. But, sir, my judgment approves th^ position
taken by the Committee of Ways and Means. I :
think it is time that we should put a stop to amend-
ments of this character to appropriation biljs;and [
I therefore hope the amendment will be voted I
down. !
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the i
gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Walton] to mod- ]
ify his amendment so that it shall read, 44 not less 1
than seventy per cent." I
Mr. WALTON, i must respectfully decline j
so to modify mv amendment. :
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I move to j
amend the amendment of the gentleman from !
Vermont, by striking out the last two lines. j
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to a question of or- !
dei. The amendment of the gentleman from |
Vermont is, as I understand it, an amendment to !
the Senate amendment, and therefore an amend- '
m'ent in the second degree, which is as far as our
rules will allow us to go.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state to
the gentleman that the amendment of the Senate |
is the original text before the committee, and the j
amendment of the gentleman from Vermont is, j
therefore, an amendment in the first degree. |
Mr. MAYNARD. That is the very point to j
which I have risen. 1 think the matter sent to us 1
from the Senate is an amendment, and that the
amendment of the gentleman from Vermont is :
therefore an amendment m the second degree. 1
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order. • j
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I have but j
a single word to say. The Senate have already j
adopted a measure which I think is a good one. 1
I have no id-a that, if the House adopts the amend- :
ment of the gentleman from Vermont, the Senate j
would accept thai, and we should lose the whole i
provision. I am in favor of the Senate amend- j
ment, and therefore hope the amendment of the |
gentleman from Vermont will be voted down. I i
withdraw my amendment. j
The question was taken upon Mr. Walton's i
amendment; and it was disagreed to. !
Mr. WINSLOW. I move to strike out the !
fifth section. * :
Mr. LEAKE. That strikes out the whole of ,
the Senate amendment. I ask whether the motion
of the gentleman from North Carolina is not equiv- -
ulcnt to a motion to disagree ?
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
771
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. LEAKE. 1 move to agree to the amend-
; ment of the Senate; ond I insist that my motion
i takes precedence of it. I am m favor of the Sen-
! ate amendment. J make my motion to agree, be-
' cause I deem parliamentary courtesy to the other
House demands it at our hands.
TheCHAIRMAN. ThegentlemanfromNorth
Carolina moves to strike out the Senate amend-
ment. The gentleman from Virginia moves to
agree to the Senate amendment, and insists that
his motion takes preccdence. The Chair holds
that between agreement and disagreement the mo-
tion to agree would take precedence.
Mr. LEAKE. I hold that the motion to strike
out is equivalent to a motion to disagree. I also
hold that the motion to strikeout is not courteous
to the Senate in a parliamentary point of view.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will put the
; motion first upon the motion to agree.
| Mr. WINSLOW. I withdraw my motion.
! Mr. PHELPS. I suggest, then, to the gentle-
, man from Virginia to withdraw his motion, and
j let the committee vote on the usual question of con-
i currence.
| Mr. LEAKE. I withdraw my motion.
j The Senate amendment was concurred in.
| The CHAIRMAN. The question now recurs
| on the following amendment of the Senate:
i Add as a new section :
! Sec. 6. Jlnd bcit further cnacted, That from and after the
j 10th day of April next, the franking privilege be, and the
I same i<s heieby, totally abolished; and that all lawa and
; parts of laws authorizing the receiving or sending anymat-
! tor thiough the mails tree of postage, be, and the same are
: hereby, repealed.
! Mr. PRYOIl. I move to amend that section
| by striking out the words " 10th of April," and
[ in lieu thereof, inserting the words " 4th of
; March."
I Mr.Chairman,there never was an abuse against ,
, the redress of which its partisans did not urge :
; some plausible objection. Wherefoie, I am not
surprised now to find that there are gentlemen
upon this floor who can produce specious pretexts
■ of argument against the abolition of the franking
privilege. Unquestionably, sir, this franking priv-
j ilege is nn enormous abuse, which clamorously
| calls for reduction at the earliest instant; an abuse
I which not only involves an annual expenditure
j of millions of dollars, but which, by virtue of a
j sort of family compact and affinity with another
; great abuse, (the public printing,") demands still
, more emphatically redress and retrenchment. We
; have had the experience of England in this thing
! for two or three centuries. About thirty years
; ago, upon argument, and with the light of oxpe-
1 nonce before them, the English Parliament delib-
; orately determined to abandon this privilege. They
! took it away, sir, from even the sovereign of the
; empire. I tell my colleague [Mr. Millson] that
| it was abolished there without any consequential
. evil effect upon popular liberty.
In the report of the Postmaster General, Mr.
I Chairman, it is determined that the existence of
- this privilege—a privilege for members alone and
I not for the people—costs the Government an-
j nually about $4,500,000. Here, then, is an ex-
1 penditure which I undertake to say is attended
; with no commensurate advantage to the masses
, of the people. How do we employ this franking
1 privilege, except in the circulation of speeches
■ which are never read, and in the distribution of!
! seeds which never come up? I say that the ob- >
! jection made against the abolition of the franking j
j privilege is specious. By that I mean to say, j
■ with all respect, that it is insincere, as urged '
. against this amendment of the Senate. It is said '
| that it is not pertinent and germane. I put it to ;
, the House, what amendment can be more jxrti- i
: nent and appropriate than a proposition to curtail j
1 the expenditures of the Post Office Department, .
1 upon a bill which proposes to provide means for !
the service of that Department? Yes, sir, I say !
that it isu specious, an insincere objection. You :
will find some'of the gentlemen who make this ,
objection now, will, hereafter, if the question |i
comes up sepaiately, vote against it even then. '
If we ever come to the consideration of the ques-
tion on its merits, when these gentlemen will be j
deprived of this pretext, they will vote against i
the abolition of the franking privilege. 1 thus ;
briefly express my concurrence in the amendment 1
' of the Senate, with no purpose of making a speech.
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. Mr. Chairman,
I am one of those who will not seek to take refuge
in congressional courtesy. It is not a matter of
consequence to me, whether we treat the Senate
courteously or not, by refusing to agree to these
amendments; or whether it is courteous to us for
the Senate to put guch inappropriate amendments
upon an appropriation bill. Nor am I one of
those who will say, at a future time, that I will
vote for the abolition of the franking privilege.
I will not vote for it now, nor will I vote for it at
any timfe. I will never vote for it, sir, unless my
district instructs me to do it. It is the single
stream flowing from this great fountain in the
District of Columbia, which affords advantage to
the people I have the honor to represent upon this
floor. I am for retrenchment and reform, when
the subject comes properly before us, and I am
particularly in favor of retrenchment and reform
of abuses here by political speculators and others
who infest this Capitol. Do not let us retrench
upon the rights of the people. Do not let us com-
mence our reform by refusing this franking priv-
ilege to the people of our districts; let us continue
Jthe means to our people by which they will con-
tinue to ascertain the proceedings of their Repre-
sentatives in Congress.
This is not the reformation I am in favor of. It
is supposed, according to the philosophy of our
Government, that this is the great center of light;
but whether it be or not, that is, as I said, the
philosophy ofourGovernment; and it is supposed
that the Congress of the United States radiates the
political light which is disseminated to, and which
illuminates the rest of this great Government of
ours. It is true that many of us arc but lesser
lights, but twinkling stars; and, perhaps, some of
us opaque bodies; yet there is light that emanates
from this Capitol, and which should go to the dis-
tricts we have the honor to represent; and the only
way it can get to a vast number of my constitu-
ents is through the operation of the franking priv-
ilege. I am, therefore, opposed to this so-called
reformation and retrenchment.
Mr. DAWES. I wish to amend the amend-
ment of the Senate by adding thereto the follow-
ing:
Provided, That the publishers of newspapers and peri-
odicals may send to each other from their respective offices
of publication, free of postage, one copy of each publica-
tion.
As the. law now stands, newspapers have their
exchanges passed through the mails free of post-
age. If the Senate amendment prevails, as it is
now drawn, all these newspapers will be obliged
to pay postage upon thek exchanges.
Mr. BURNETT. I will say to the gentleman
from Massachusetts, that if he will examine the
provisions of the law which authorizes the ex-
change of newspapers through the mails free of
postage, and the Senate amendment, he will find
that the Senate amendment will not interfere with
that law at all.' It is an independent statute.
Mr. DAWES. I am quite sure the gentleman
from Kentucky is mistaken. My amendment cer-
tainly can do no harm, and will leave nothing open
for construction. If I read aright the amend-
ment of the Senate, it provides that no matter shall
hereafter pass through the mails free of postage.
Such is my understanding of the amendment. If
it is open to any other construction, certainly this
proviso can do no harm; and I have only to say,
in behalf of the amendment, that the consequence
of the adoption of the Senate amendment will be
to extinguish all the country newspapers in the
United States, and leave only those large papers
in the city; and if the newspaper press is to be a
fourth estate in this country, then it will come
also to be a ruling power in the cities. Therefore
I hope that every member of the House who is in
favor of preserving the franking privilege, as well
as those who are opposed to it, will vote for my
amendment, for, in the conference which must be
had upon this bill, no one can tell in what shape
it will come from the committee of conference, and
we may be led to the alternative either to vote
against the whole bill, or else to vote for the abo-
lition of the franking privilege in the form pre-
sented to us in the Senate amendment.
I have offered the amendment in good faith, and
I hope the attention of the House will be drawn
to it. and that they will see it passed.
Mr. REAGAN. I agree with the gentleman
