I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
349
36th Cong.... 1st Sess. The Issues: Dred Scott Decision: Parties—Mr. Washburn.
Ho. op Btsps.
Thus we learn that under the authority and
by the aid of the sovereigns of Great Britain,
from Elizabeth to George III., black men were
brought from Africa to the British-American
colonies, and reduced to the condition of slaves.
And thus, at the close of the revolutionary war,
chattel slavery existed in all the States but one
that were to form the new Confederacy. It was
an undoubted evil; indeed, its removal was
one of the great objects for which the war was
commenced and prosecuted. Under the influ-
ence of the truths which so filled and informed
the minds of men at that time, and by the au-
thority of the new sovereignties, it was scarcely
doubted in any quarter that the system, so inex-
pedient and full of evil, so unprofitable and wrong,
would die out or b£ exterminated. It could not,
men thought, be otherwise. In consequence of
the unsettled and impoverished condition of the
country, it would, no doubt, take some time to
accomplish an end so desirable and so certain;
but the will and the determination should not
be wanting; and so our ancestors, when the war
was over, set themselves at work, earnestly and
in good faith, to effect the amelioration and
ultimate extinction of this evil. By an ordinance
which Mr. Webster said should make its author
immortal, they excluded slavery from all the ter-
ritory of the Government lying north and west
of the Ohio river. They framed a Constitution
to " establish justice,"and " secure the blessings
of liberty" for themselves and their posterity;
and among those by whose votes the Constitu-
tion was adopted, and for whom, as well as
others, it must have been intended, were colored
men of African descent, residing in several of the
States, South and North. In that Constitution
they sedulously excluded the idea thatmen were,
or could rightfully be made, property; they would
not dishonor that consummate fruit of their toils
and sacrifices by use of the words " slave " and
"servitude;" they treated human beings as per-
sons—men, and not as things; they provided for
the abolition of the slave trade at the earliest
practicable moment. While they recognized no
distinction of color or race, and, in the numera-
tion of persons for purposes of Federal repre-
sentation, counted alike members of the European
and African races, they discouraged the system
of servile labor, by imposing upon the States
which continued it terms in respect to such rep-
resentation which it was supposed would tend
to bring it into disfavor, and so hasten its aboli-
tion. Sir, the men of that day did the best they
could; they were sincere, and they were earn-
est. They gave to liberty all the securities, and
threw around slavery all the limitations and dis-
abilities in their power. They worked hopefully
for the hour when emancipation was to begin in
all the States; they waited in faith and implicit
tiust, never seeming to doubt that the time for
their deliverance was near at hand. But the weak-
ness of the country, just emerged from a long and
exhausting war, the condition of its relations with
foreign Powers, the spoliations of its commerce,
the embarrassments in its trade, the necessity of
extending protection to its frontier settlements,
the internal strifes contingentupon the formation
of parties under the new Government, furnished
excuses to the States in which slaveholdmg was
most largely practiced, for postponing the work,
the wisdom arid duty of which they still affirmed.
Their views as to the impolicy and wrongfulness
of slavery they protested were unchanged: but the
longer they felt compelled by circumstances to de-
lay the work of abolition, the more formidable and
difficult did it become. Louisiana was purchased
in 1803, and Florida m 1819, by which acquisitions
the slaveholding territory of the United States
was largely expanded. Mr. Whitney invented the
cotton-gin, and the production of cotton, largely
increased iu consequence thereof, gave employ-
ment to, and enhanced the value of, slave labor.
Thus events and circumstances unpropitious to
the performance of what was still acknowledged
to be a stern duty, succeeded one another, year
after year, until, at length, the system was so ex-
tended, and its proportions were so vast, that
those most interested m its overthrow were the
least ready to give their minds to a serious and
practical consideration of the question, when and
now this was to be accomplished. As the labor
and difficulty of the undertaking loomed up be-
fore them, the expediency and duty of engaging
m it became less clear ana dominant.
It was not before a very general indifference
appeared among the slaveholders in regard to the
continuance of their system—indeed, it was not
until they began to furnish evidence of a fixed de-
sign to carry it where it had never been before,
aijd to plant it upon the free territory of the United
States—that northern people perceived how much
they were interested in the question of slavery,
and that they could not safely or with honor per-
mit the purposes of the slaveholders to go un-
checked; that they could not be unconcerned spec-
tators while their interests were assailed, their
rights invaded, and the welfare and good name of
the country imperiled. The slavery controversy
between the North and South arose only when the
latter abandoned the policy upon which both had
been agreed—not until the claims of the South
were seen to be inconsistent with the rights of the
North. But even then those claims were not as-
serted upon the ground of the absolute rightfulness
of slavery, but upon considerations of conveni-
ence, temporary expediency, and good neighbor-
hood. Slavery, it was conceded, was not right
in the abstract; it was not to exist always; it was
an evil undoubtedly, and in the good providence
of Heaven some way would be found by-and-by
for its removal. Meanwhile, so it was urged, it
must be tolerated; it must not be warred upon;
and northern people were informed that, however
they might dislike it, and very properly dislike it,
they must be careful not to oppose it'by any means
not clearly legitimate and constitutional. We do
not affirm, said the South, that slavery is a good
thing in itself; but we do insist that, under the
Constitution, Congress has no power to exclude
it from the common domain of the country, and
we demand that the people of the fiee States shall
employ no unlawful means to prevent its expan-
sion; whatever you of the North may properly
do, under the Constitution, we shall not object to;
if slavery be an evil, it does not He with us, or
with anybody, to complajtri if you attempt to re-
strict and cripple it; thip is your right and duty;
but you must not attempt its inhibition or injury
by any methods, nopwarranted by the Consti-
tution. V/
The political party which for many years had
held possession of the Government, and con-
trolled the legislation of the country, was, for this
reason, and with a large foresight, regarded by
the slaveholders as the organization through which
they could obtain better protection to their pecu-
liar claims and demands than through any other;
and so we find that they attached themselves so
generally to the Democratic party, that, fn the
course of a few years, the seat of its great and
ever-rehable strength was established in the slave
States; and these, not unnaturally, were permitted
to make its issues, shape its policy, and name its
candidates for the principal offices m the Repub-
lic. Thus, when the slaveholders, some twelve
or fifteen years ago, and for the first time since
the oigamzation of Government, formally pro-
claimed the doctrine that Congress had no power
to prohibit slavery m the Territories, its north-
ern chieftain (Gene^ii Cass) hurried to accept it,
adding, for the benefit of party friends in his own
section, that this powe^ resided only with the
people of the Territories, aud that they had an
undoubted right to form and regulate their domes-
1 tic institutions, including slavery, in their own
way. &3*it was considered by the slaveholders
that the loctrine, with this qualification, was all
that would be necessary for the extension of their
system into the Territories, they were contented
to receive it without objection, although they
did not, affirmatively adopt it. It was generally
recognised, however, as the true Democratic doc-
trine, and was acted upon, m 1850, in the organ-
ization of the Territories of New Mexico and
Utah; in 1852, it was affirmed in the national
Democratic convention; and in 1854, when the
Territories of Kansas and Nebraska were organ-
ized, it was so distinctly a dogma of the Demo-
cratic party, that it did not hesitate to abrogate a
law forthc prohibition#f slavery, which had stood
for more than thirty years upon the statute-book,
and "which, from the circumstances of its enact-
ment, had been universally regarded as hedged
around with all the sacredness of ^compact. Bust,
this time-honored restriction was made to give
way before the " great principles of * popular soy^
ereignty.5 " Nevertheless, the " great principle5 *
failed to accomplish the end whereunto it was di-
rected . Kansas was made&free State-, the inven-
tion of " popular sovereignty " was discarded as
worthless, and its patentees, the present Secretary,
of State (General Cass) and tne Senator from
Illinois [Mr. Douglas]—that their title is, a joint
one is confirmed by the fortune that has attended
them—were left to console themselves with the
reflection that the rascally machine had wrought
even greater harm to those for whom they con**
trived it than it had to themselves!
Finding, at last, after many experiments and
trials, that the practice of slavery was not to be ex-
tended and promoted by any measures or through'
any policy founded upon, or consistent with,- the
admission that if is an evil—discovering the fu-
tility of all efforts to advance and strengthen it
from this starting point—the slaveholders, aban-
doning the policy which they had hitherto pur-
sued, denying and scouting the opinions of their
predecessors—of all the men in the South, down
to a period comparatively recent—now declare
that slavery is not an. evil, is not wrong, but is
wise, just, expedient, humane, divine; that it is
established in naty^al law, and has the sanction
and benedictions of Almighty God. And, sir,
such is their influence and authority in the Dem-
ocratic party, that it has, at their demand, ac-
cepted these atrocious dogmas as eternal verities,
and made them the distinctive and all-essential
part of its platform, as will be seen hereafter.
Thus, Mr. Chairman, i have endeavored to
show briefly how it has happened, that within a
little more than seventy y^arsafter the formation
of the Constitution, in which were embodied the
principles of the Revolution, we find ourselves
Drought to a reconsideration of those principles,
and to an inquiry in regard to the foundations
upon which they rest.
In matters of Government and politics, it is
fortunate, perhaps, that at periods not greatly re-
moved from each other, the attention of men is
arrested by the enunciation of strange and mon-
strous doctrines, and their quiet disturbed by the
assertion of claims and purposes of the most dan-
gerous and alarming character, for in this way
they are brought to a consideration of the reason
and* logic of things, of elementry truths, of prin-
ciples. Thus they are led to explore the sources
of power, to discover and define its conditions and
boundaries, and renew its landmarks. Gathering
strength and inspiration from the great soul of
Truth, to which they bring themselves near, their
voice becomes the voice of God. They arouse and
inform the public mind; they quicken the public
heart; the ban*er of controversy is unrolled; and
the end is, that the wrong is overthrown and the
right vindicated, and people feel that hencefor-
ward,
'• Noble thought shall be freer under the sun,
And the heait ot a people beat with one desire."
Mr. Chairman, there can be little doubt that the
Democratic party, as it is called, acting under
the guidance of Che oligarchy of southern slave-
holders, has succeeded in thoroughly alarming
the public mind by the doctrines it proclaims and
the designs it avows.
Thus, sir, I am brought to an examination of
the issues before the, people in the great political
canvass of this year—the real and true issues,
upon which the parties will go to the country.
The Democratic party, controlled as it is in all
its movements and aspirations by an inexorable
oligarchy, which acts as one man in defense of a
common interest, has become, as we have seen,
the exponent of ideas and opinions in direct con-
flict with those of the revolutionary fathers, and
of the apostles and champions of liberty and hu-
man rights in all lands and in e'very age.
The issues which this party presents may be
concisely and truly stated in these words: The
fathers were xorong; Republicanism is a sham; De-
mocracy is a falsehood.
Sir, there is not a single political truth affecting
the rights of man, asserted by the great men of
the involutionaly epoch, which this paity does
not deny; not an opinion in regard to fundamental
principles which it does not scoff at. The fathers
