1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
shall remain in the Treasury of the United States,
bearing interest at the rate of five per centum per
annum, from the date of the taking possession of
the property by the Government, and shall not
be -withdrawn until applied for by some person
authorized to give valid and legal acquittance
therefor in behalf of the owners. All proceedings
instituted under this act are to be deemed and held
in law as proceedings in rem; and the title vested
in the United States to any property taken for
public use, by virtue of this act, is to be deemed
a valid and perfect title in fee against all persons
whomsoever. In addition to the personal notice
to be served on the owners when known, and res-
ident within the district, there shall be a public
notice of the pendency of the proceedings, in the
nature of a proclamation, published in some news-
paper of the district within which the property
lies; which newspaper is to be designated by the
judge, calling on all persons having, or pretend-
ing to have, any right, title, or interest in the
property, to intervene in the proceedings, and as-
sert their rights. The notice is to be published
for six consecutive weeks prior to the time fixed
for hearing the petition. And in all cases where
there exist any liens, mortgages, or incumbrances
on the property, it is to be the duty of the judge
to certify the amount thereof, and so much of the
compensation awarded for the property as may
be necessary to satisfy such liens, mortgages, and
other incumbrances, is to be deposited in the court
for distribution among the parties entitled thereto,
and the remainder only, if any, paid to the owner
or owners.
Mr. BAYARD. There is an error, in the print-
ing, of a single word; that is, a letter is omitted
which alters the word entirely. The word " pay "
is inserted, instead of the word " pray," in the
fourteenth lino of the second section. I move the
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate, as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in; and the bill
was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time.
It was read the third time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Shall the bill j>ass?
Mr. LANE. I do not know but that this' bill
is right, and just such a one as ought to pass; but
I have not had an opportunity of seeing it. I do
not know its provisions. 1 did not even have an
opportunity of hearing it read. I think it would
be well, as it is an important bill, to let Senators
have an opportunity of seeing it.
Mr. COLLAMER. The Senator can object to
its third reading to-day.
_ Mr. LANE. I object to its third reading to-
day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has already been
read the third time.
Mr. GWIN. I will make a suggestion to my
fiiend from Oregon, and I think he will withdraw
his objection. This bill merely gives the power
to the Government to condemn property for pub-
lic uses. His State and mine have suffered greatly
for want of just such a bill as this. There is a
light-house that ought to have been built at Point
Reyes years ago. We had an appropriation of
$25,000. The parties owning the ground, know-
ing the necessity of having a light-house there,
asked §25,000 for three and two thirds acres, the
amount of the entire appropriation, when it was
not, in fact, worth twenty-five cents an acre. The
Light-House Board would not give it; and the ap-
propriation lapsed back into the Tieasury. The
commerce between California and Oregon is suf-
fering constantly for the want of that liglu-house.
We have lost appropriations for several light-
houses on our coast for that very cause; but we
can get all these moneys reappropriated. They
have lapsed back into the Treasury, because there
is no means of getting the title to the sites where
the light-houses are to be located. The Senate
is about to adjourn over for ten days, and the ap-
propriation bills will come up here at once when
we reassemble, so that we cannot ask for the re-
appropriation of these amounts, unless we pro-
vide some mode by which the title to the land
may be acquired. The bill has been examined
with great attention, by the Judiciary Committee,
on two occasions. They are unanimously for it;
and it seems to me that it is very important that
we should act upon it at once, m order that we
may have the money that was appropriated for
light-houses in Oregon and Washington and Cal-
ifornia reappropriated in the appropriation bills
when they come up. I hope my friend will with-
draw his opposition.
Mr. DAVIS. I am not sufficiently acquainted
with the details of the bill to say whether I ap-
prove it, after knowing what it is. I should de-
sire, however, to know whether the Government
is, by this bill, permitted to condemn land for
public uses without having obtained the consent
of the Legislature of the State in which it is situ-
ated ?
Mr. BAYARD. The consent of the Legisla-
ture is required to be obtained. That is the pro-
vision of the bill. I do not think there is an
unguarded point in it. During the last Congress,
as I said, it was originally prepared by the hon-
orable Senator from Vermont and the honorable
Senator from Louisiana. They reported it to the
committee. There were suggestions made there;
and after a full consideration of every principle
involved in it, and of every section and every
clause, we recommended the bill as it is. We were
unable to get it up then. At this session it was
introduced by the honorable Senator from Cali-
fornia [M?h Gwin] in the same form; went before
the Judiciary Committee; and they read it over
very carefully, and have reported it back without
amendment. I do not think there is any defect
in the bill as regards the rights of parties in regard
to taking their lands in inviium, or as regards
protecting the Government against arbitrary ex-
actions. It also guards the right of the State Le-
gislatures, by providing that proceedings shall
not take place,and lands shall not be acquired in
a State, without the consent of the Legislature.
Mr. DAVIS. That is a very necessary point,
and I am glad it is guarded. Whilst I do not wish
to exhibit any unwonted orunreasonable jealousy
towards the Government of the United States, I
am reluctant to see it acquire the power to seize
land within a State and appropriate it to the uses
of the Federal Government by condemnation 1
greatly prefer that it should be done by the legis-
lation of the State; by the consent first of the Le-
gislature of the State, and then under a law en-
acted by the State. 1 do not like Federal legislation
on such a subject. The men who framed this
Government looked with greaj jealousy to the
encroachment of the Federal power 011 the domain
of the States. Hence the expressions of the Con-
stitution are very guarded; and I cannot believe
that the character of property which it was m
contemplation that the Government might take
for public uses, by making compensation there-
for, was the real estate or land lying within the
limits of a State. I rather suppose it was that
character of property which might be needed for
immediate use—horses, corn, and other tilings
which may be necessary for the Government to
j use immediately, such as a transport ship; but
real estate within the limits of a State I think the
Government should only acquire, first by the con-
sent of the people, and then under the operations
of laws enacted by the State.
Mr. BAYARD. The bill does not contemplate
getting land without the consent of the State Le-
gislature; therefore I think the rights of the States
are guarded. As to the mode of proceeding in
regard to individuals, it is thoroughly guarded.
The bill requires first, on notice, the appointment
of commissioners. Then, after their assessment
has been made and notice given to the holder of
the land, he has a right to a trial by jury; and if,
on the first trial, either he or the Government is
dissatisfied, there is a new trial granted, if the
judge thinks the verdict of the jury incorrect; and
'finally, when it is approved, if the Government
j do not take the land in one year after the approv-
al, the whole proceedings are to be considered us
abandoned, and no right will exist on the part of
the Government to condemn that land again with-
out a special act of Congress for the purpose. I
think the rights of individuals, therefore, are fully
guarded. In addition to that, there is to be pub-
lic notice by proclamation wherever the paity
has not personal service made on him, where he
is a non-resident, and where the owner_ is un-
known, and in other such cases. The rights of
incumbrancers are also guarded.
Now, if we are to wait for State legislation in
refeicnce to the mode of condemning lands, in
addition to asking for the consent of the State to
acquire the land we want to condemn, the result
will be that we shall never be able to obtain land
except by the consent of the party; we can do
nothing to obtain it in invitum, and the conse-
quence will be what has been depicted in one case
by the honorable Senator from California—the
great object of the Government will be defeated;
because you cannot obtain a site for your light-
houses or forts unless you pay exorbitant and
extravagant prices. There ought to be some law
on the spbject. State rights, it seems to me, are
fully guarded, when you require that the consent
of the State shall be given to the cession.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask the chairman of the Com-
mittee 011 the Judiciary—I do not pretend to know
anything about the law on the subject—whether
the statute of California does not already provide
for condemning land to the amount of fifty acres,
and whether the Government cannot avail itself
of that statute, and proceed to condemn the amount
of fifty acres by the consent of the Legislature of
the State ?
Mr. BAYARD. I will answer the honorable
Senator, that I cannot see that such a statute would
include the Government of the United States un-
less it was specially included in the law. Cer-
tainly a general law authorizing individuals to do
that, would not authorize the Federal Government
to do it. I think the matter ought to be conducted
before the Federal tribunals. Clearly, when the
State gives her consent to the purchase by the
United States of a certain piece of land for a fort,
or any other needful purpose, if we can then make
an agreement with the party who owns the land,
no one doubts our power to do it. Then, is the
State at all affected, or'her rights interfered with,
if we obtain it in invitum, through our own judi-
cial tribunals, provided she has given her assent
to the acquisition ? Is the mode of acquisition
material to herJ What difference does it make to
her whether we do it by purchase from the party,
in a mode provided for, where the owner requires
an exorbitant price? In all cases where there is
no restraint on individual cupidity, wherever it is
sought, through any means, whether by a cor-
poration or the action of a State government, or
the Federal Government, to acquire land that is
needed for a public purpose, individuals hold it
at exorbitant prices; and unless there is a law
which will authorize you to go before a jury and
have a judicial purchase against the will of the
parties, you cannot bring them down to anything
like the commonest terms of moderation. That
is my own experience derived from such cases,
and 1 have had a good deal to do with them.
Mr. WIGFALL. I understand the bill to vest
in the Federal Government the right 10 exercise
the eminent domain in the States. I<4iave not
heard the bill read; but the thing strikes me as so
extraordinary, that I should not be doing justice
to myself were I not to enter my protest against
it. The Federal Government, as I understand it,
has a right, for certain purposes, to make a con-
tract, and to acquire lands in the States; and for
other purposes it has not any such power. Wow,
the fact that a State Legislature gives its consent,
cannot either increase or diminish the power of the
Federal Government, because one State cannot
alter the Constitution, The Federal Government
has, or it has not, the power; and if it has not the
power, the consent of the State, of course, cannot
confer it. The right to acquire land—take it from
an individual—is a right that belongs to each State.
Each State in tiie Union possessing the eminent
domain, has, of course, the right to take private
property, appropriate it to the public use, and pay
for it; but this Federal Government cannot. I
cannot understand upon what principle such a
proposition can be predicated; and I shall, there-
fore, without some further explanation from the
Senator from Delaware, feel myself bound to vote
against the proposition. I rose to hear an expla-
nation rather than to make any remaks on the
subject.
Mr. LANE. I ask that the bill lie over and
be printed, so that we may have an opportunity
to see it. 1 object to its consideration.
Mr. GWIN. What is the question before the
Senate >
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzfat-
rick in the chair.) The question is on the pas-
sage of the bill. The bill was read twice before
it was committed, and was reported back this
morning. It was in order to read it a third time
to-day, and it has received its third reading. A
single objection will not carry it over.
