772
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
from Massachusetts in the supposition that the
Senate amendment -will abolish the franking priv-
ilege, in reference to newspapers sent from the
office of publication, as well as to all other matter;
but I disagree with him in the proposition that the
newspaper exchanges constitute a class of ex-
changes'which should be exenlpt from the impo-
sition of postage. I do not see any reason why
# a bonus should be given to any particular class of
interests in this country. I do not understand that
there is anything #in the nature of things which
renders it proper that newspaper editors should
be exempt from the payment of postage, any more
than there is that other interests should have the
same privilege. I know that newspapers have a
power; that that power is often felt politically.
The very fact, however, that it has a potential
influence over political parties, and over persons
acting in political capacities, renders it necessary
that the power should be guarded with some de-
gree of jealousy; and I would no more exempt
newspapers from the payment of postage than I
would exempt any private citizen in the country
from the payment of postage upon all matter sent
through the mails by them. The theory and
object of the establishment of the Post Office De-
partment was that it should be self-sustaining; that
we should not call upon the general Treasury to
pay the expense of carrying communications over
the post routes of the country. I do not know that
there is anymore obligation resting, upon Con-
gress to provide for paying the poStage of private
citizens or newspaper editors, than there is to pro-
vide for the payment of the transportation of any
article of necessity or luxury which may bp con-
veyed to them.
While I agree with the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts as to the construction of the Senate
amendment, I hope his amendment will not be
adopted, because I want to see this franking priv-
ilege abolished entirely now, and leave it to future
consideration to determine whether any modifi-
cation of such repeal ought to be made.
Mr. WINSLOW. 1 propose to amend the
amendmentof the ntleman fiom Massachusetts,
because I would like to preserve the whole law of
1852, of which the amendment of the gentleman
from Massachusetts is a part. 1 therefore move
to add thereto the following, which is the re-
mainder of that law:
"And may alio send to each actual subscriber, inclosed
tn their publications, bills and receipts fm the same, fiec oi'
postage, 't'iie publishers or'weekly newspapers may send
to each actual subscriber vvitluii tile county where they aie
printed and published, one copy theieot'fiee ot postage."
That covers both the proposition of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts and myself. I agree
with lum, that the true construction of the Senate
amendment is to abolish the law of 1852. My
own opinion, however, is, that it is unwise to
abolish the franking privilege, and I will vote
against the whole proposition. I do not think we
have a right to make a question on the Senate
ingrafting general legislation oil appropriation
bills. That is our own rule or practice. I had
supposed that the law was so, until the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Burnett] showed the other
day that it was otherwise. I suppose that the
practice grow up under the construction given to
the 81st rule. But however that may be, the
House decided last year that the Senate had a
right to ingraft general legislation on appropri-
ation bills. Still, this whole affair shows the
impolicy of doing so. Who is it that is to be
supposed to know anything about the franking
privilege? Nobody but the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads. The matter should
go to that committee, and they should advise us
what to do. But here we see an amendment at-
tached by the Senate to an appropriation bill, the
effect of which none of us knew until it was ex-
amined, abolishing not only our franking privi-
lege, but also the privilege enjoyed by the news-
papers in the matter ef their exchanges.
I am opposed to the abolition of the franking
privilege, but I am always open to conviction;
and if u law on the subject be Drought before us,
I will come to its consideration with my mind as
little biased as possible. Like FalstafF, I give
no reason on compulsion. I make no criticism
whatever on the course of the Senate in this mat-
ter; but it seems to be ungracious to say to con-
tractors, whose debts we ail acknowledge, that
we will pay those debts, provided members of
Congress give up the franking privilege bestowed
upon them many years ago.
This franking privilege is coeval with the Gov-
ernment. The policy was introduced under the
old Confederation; and after the Constitution was
adopted, Congress contented itself with adopting,
for the present, the laws of the Confederation.
The very next session of Congress, however,
they extended the franking privilege to the Comp-
troller, the Auditors, and other high officers of the
Government. It was not till 1792 that they went
Confederacy. I hope that my colleagues—and I
believe that such is their sentiment—will go with
me in voting against the abolition of the franking
privilege, on this ground and this principle. If
our political principles and course are right, the
people can and will so adjudge them. If the prin-
ciples and course of our opponents are right, the
people, will so adjudge, and will defeat us.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. The question is on the
amendment proposed by the gentleman from
North Carolina [Mr. Wi>tslowJ to the amend-
on and adopted the whole policy of the Confed- [| ment proposed by the gentleman fi om Massaehu
eration in that regard; and the franking privilege ij setts, [Mr. Dawes.]
has existed from that time down to the present. " ~
Since i have been in Congress, various move-
ments have been made toward its abolition; but
they have always been by amendments attached
to appropriation bills, and never by independent
measures that could be fully and fairly debated.
Thinking the measure unwise in every point of
view, politically and socially, I should, as at pres-
ent advised, vote against it, even though there
were a law expressly framed for the purpose; but
the evil of legislating in this manner is so great,
that I cannot consent in any way to aid it. "
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I desire to oppose
the amendment of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts; and I shall oppose all amendments that tend,
in any way, to make this Senate provision at all
palatable to the House. I am opposed to the abo-
lition of the franking privilege. There is a por-
tion of the privilege which, if it were in my power,
I would abolish; and that is, the franking of writ-
ten communications. Tiia', Mr. Chairman, is the
privilege of the member. I desire no perquisites
of that kind; and, so far as that is concerned, I
am willing that it should be abolished. But there
is another branch of the franking privilege which
I I am not willing, by my vote, to abolish; that is,
I the priviWe of the people. It is the privilege of
: oiii ron^utuv fits to know what we are doing; and
| if it be estimated by gentlemen that we make
1 trashy speeches to be sent out to the people, or to
be put upon the record, then so much the greater
is it our duty to put it within the power of the
people to adjudge upon them; and if we have been
making a record here which is unbecoming the
Representatives of a great people, then they will
know it, and send men here who can make a record
that ought to be preserved. It is their right; and
they demand thatof us. Gentlemen are mistaken
I in assuming that, by the abolition of the franking
privilege, we should have less labor to perform.
Our constituents demand, and they will have, this
portion of the public record that we make by
the reporters. And whether we send it to them
through the mails free of charge or not, they de- !
i mand it, and we will have to send it to them. j
! Mr. BURNETT. I would like to ask the gen- !
tleman from Illinois a question. I would like him
to tell tins committee how much of the reports, as
made by our reporters, the people get by means
of the franking privilege ?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois-. I am glad the gen-
tleman has asked me that question. If the people
do not get jhe reports as made, they ought to.
Every speech made, and every word uttered here,
is a matter of record made officially by our re-
porters; and if gentlemen send out speeches that
are not part of the record, they send something as
a record that is not a true record, and they ought
not to do it. It is the rccoid that the people de-
mand, and that they will have, whether they pay
one, five, or ten cents in the way of postage. The
constituents ot members will and do demand of
them this information. It is public record, and
they will have it, whether they pay for it or not
in the way of postage.
Mr. WADE. I desire to ask the gentleman
this question: whether if is not his opinion that
we pay enough for the transportation of the mails
to cover all the extra matter that is franked ?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I was saying,
Mr. Chairman, that it is this part of the public
records that the people get through the exercise
of the franking privilege. It is that by which
they try us on the stump; and it is that by which
they will adjudge us as public men. The presi-
dential campaign is approaching; and it is through
the exercise of the franking privilege that the
people will be enabled to try the men who may
be proposed as the persons to preside over this
Mr. DAWES. I accept the amendment of the
gentleman liom North Carolina, as a modification
of mine.
The CHAIRMAN. Then the question is 011
the amendmentof the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, as modified.
Mr. AVEB.Y. I move to amend the amendment
of the Senate by inserting in the last line the words
" all newspapers,"
Mr. Chairman, I have offered this amendment
for the purpose of saying a word or two in behalf
of the amendment jvhich has been put upon this
bill by the Senate, abolishing the franking privi-
lege. I am in favor of that amendment. I am in
favor of it because it would save about eighteen
hundred thousand dollars per annum of the public
expenditures, as I learn from the report of the
Postmaster General, in the transportation of the
mails; but more especially am I in favor of it,
because it would, in my judgment, strike a fatal
blow at one ofthe great evils which has grown up
under this system of franking, to wit: the public,
printing, about which we have heard such charges
of extravagance and corruption. That is one of
the chief reasons why I shall vote in favor of the
abolition of the franking privilege.
Gentlemen say this is one of the rights of our
constituents through which they receive informa-
tion of what is passing in this Capitol, of which
they ought not to be deprived. Sir, I do not look
upon the matter in that light. It would certainly
save millions of dollars now expended ill printing
books which are never read, and which are of 110
benefit to any one. It is at this book business that
I seek to strike, because it is a discrimination 111
favor of the small minority of our constituents
who will receive tile books, and against the large
majority who will have to pay the taxes upon the
public printing just as much as those who get the
books. You cannot send books to a tenth, fifteenth,
or twentieth part of your constituents, and the
twenty men who do not get the books are tliere-
( fore taxed that the one man may get his book.
| Now, sir, so far as sending speeches to our
| constituents is concerned, I apprehend the adop-
1 tion of the Senate amendment will not militate
i at all against our sending as many speeches to
our constituents as we now send, or as we may
choose. We pay for the printing of our speeches
now. Every speech that is made is paid foi by
every member who sends it to his constituents;
and it would only be, at furthest, double the ex-
pense wo are now at, to pay the postage on the
speeches which we send out. I do not. think I
would send one solitary speech less to mv con-
stituents, were the franking privilege abolished,
than I now send. I am willing to pay for the
printing of them, and I am willing also to pay
the postage on them. That would be equality";
that would not be a discrimination 111 favor of the
few against the many who do not get them.
I say that in my judgment the adoption of this
,j amendment of the Senate would be striking at a
j great evil, which has grown up under this sys-
11 teni, which gentlemen say is commensurate with
I the existence of our Government. I now call
i 1 upon those who have everywhere, North and
11 South, been declaiming against the extravagance
11 of the Democratic party, to come forward and lay
j the ax at the root of the tree, and help us to
i, bring about this great reform.
ij [Here the hammer fell.]
jj Mr. EDWARDS. Mr. Chairman, when tin:
I: amendment which lias just been passed upon was
under consideration, I regarded it as compara-
tively a matter of small moment, and I should
have thought it hardly worth while for this House
to have taken a position in opposition to the other
branch of the national Legislature, and insisted
