THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7.
academic board to determine the fitness of the ap-
plioantto entera class higher than the lowest class;
andif fit toenter that higher class, then to go on
with the studies from that point forward. I do not
concur in the distinct proposition of my colleague
as to entering the fourth class, because I do not
believe a boy, who should pass his examination
on the; fifth class course in mathematics, would
fcave the thorough appreciation of mathematics
as there taught, to enahle him to master the next
year's course of mathematics. I believe lie would
fall by the way. But if Senators choose to legis-
late; 01* the subject ajt all, I think thfit is the safest
mode jn; which legislation can be had.
- M,r. FESSENDEN. 1 did not s.uppose, sir,
when I, moved this amendment, and submitted
the few-remarks I did in_ support of it, that J was
to give occasion to so much discussion on the part
of.the:Senator from Mississippi. I think we may
master .this subject by keeping on this side of the
Atlantic, without troubling ourselves about the
French revolution. One would imagine, from
what the Senatorfrom Mississippi has been say-
ing, thatlhad attacked this institution. He warns
us against pulling down the important institutions
of the country. Why, sir, I am endeavoring to
build it up. I believe all the institution that I
have attacked, or that anybody has attacked, is
the institution that was appointed by the Senator
himself, some three or four years ago; and that
.was, the extension of the term from four to five
years.
Mr. DAYIS. I think, if the Senator paid at-
tention to me, he discovered that it was not a
measure for which I deserved credit. I think
somebody is entitled to credit for the change; but
I think he heard mestate exactlyhowitwasdone.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Still, the Senator was the
actor. It was done under his order—by his di-
rection. It had not existed before; and if we want
to find the time when the thing began, I take it
with him, and go to its first start. Up to that pe-
riod the Military Academy had got along from its
foundation with only a four-years term of study.
At. that period the new course began; and because
I propose here to bring the matter back tp what
the institution was originally, the Senator inti-
mates that we are about to destroy some ancient
institution or other. I really do not perceive the
stquilur; I do not perceive the danger, pr why we
should be impliedly considered as levelers and
disorganizes because we venture to differ from
the opinion expressed by boards of visitors, al-
though indorsed by the honorable Senator from
Mississippi himself.
Really, I know very little about this matter;
but I believe I shall not plead ignorance much
longer on the subject; for, although I cannot com-
prehend all the Senator's military terms that he
uses on this occasion, I really do believe myself
capable of forming an opinion upon so simple a
matter as this. I would not, however, endeavor
to do that on the strength of any letter that I may
have received from a cadet. I trust I need not re-
peat in .the Senate that, on this subject, I have
never written a letter. I do not seek trouble in
any shape or form; and, not being a member of
the Military Committee, and it not being my duty,
of course 1 made no inquiries on the subject. The
authority which I adduce is the authority of one
of the professors. The Senator says he knows
him; and, if he does, he knows that he is a very
distinguished man, quite as much so as any gen-
tleman connected with science m this country —
that is to say, in his own peculiar linn. 1 hold in
my hand a long letter, written by Colonel Dela-
field himself, the principal of this institution, at
the request pf, and in reply to a note addressed to
him by, the chairman of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs of the House of Representatives, ask-
ing his opinion, in which he goes into the subject
in detail, and expressly says all, and more than all
that I read from the opinion of the professor which
I cited before, stating that this change has, in its
effect, been injurious, and he recommends that it
again be changed.
Now, sir, in the face of this letterfrom this dis-
tinguished gentleman connected with instruction
at the Academy, is it to be intimated that we really
do n,ot know what we are doing, and that we are
laying our unhallowed hands upon this ark, be-
cause we happen to touch the opinions of the Sena-
torfrom Mississippi, founded on the reports of vis-
itors made heretofore ? I apprehend not, I think
myself justified in differing from the Senator, and
differing from the board of visitors who advised
the change, when I find the principal of this in-
stitution and one of its leading professors express-
ing opinions directly contrary, and saying that
the practice has proved injurious and they rec-
ommend its abrogation.
Mr. DAVIS. What is the date of that letter?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The 20th of February,
1860.
Mr. DAVIS. I supposed so. It was before
theexamination made by the commission of which
Major Delafield was a member.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It was while the com-
mission was going on.
Mr. DAVIS. I was familiar with the letter; I
saw it in the committee of conference.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The letter is as full and
ample as it can be; it goes into the whole details
of the case, and gives his opinion on it from be-
ginning to end. He says the practice has proved
injurious to the institution, as he believes; and he
recommends that it be fixed bylaw. Well, now,
the Senator seems to imagine that we are doing
great wrong when we attempt to legislate on the
subject. I am a little tired of this attempt to take
the Navy and the Army entirely out of the con-
trol of Congress. There can be no question that
we have the constitutional power to make this
provision if we see fit to do so. The Senator
does not argue that we have not the constitutional
power to do it. I should be opposed, myself, to
interfering with the detail of instruction, saying-
what shall be taught and what shall not be taught;
for we know nothing about it, comparatively.
We leave that in proper hands; but when we are
called upon substantially by the instructors them-
selves to provide against what they suppose and
believe to be an evil, from actual experiment, the
question becomes a very different one. It is not
an unauthorized interference on our part, by any
manner of means.
Mr. President, I take it that the Army and
Navy must be under the control of Congress to a
certain extent. We cannot appoint the officers;
and there are certain matters connected with both
that are left to the President of the United States.
We may make rules and regulations concerning
them; we may abolish them both; we may strike
them out of existence if we see fit; we may refuse
all appropriations for them. They are substan-
tially ander our control as Representatives of the
people, and they should be; and when we find
that, with regard to a particular question, there is
a difference of opinion between the Secretary of
War, who is a civil officer, and the board of in-
struction of the Academy itself—an institution so
interesting as the Senator says it is, and as I ad-
mit it to be, to the country—it is very strange if
we cannot step in and exercise our power and
provide what shall bo done in a given case; and
that we are to be met by the argument that we
know nothing about these matters, and must not
lay our Jhands upon what belongs to the Presi-
dent and the Secretary of War. Why, sir, if I
believe they are going wrong in a matter that is
within my jurisdiction, it is my duty to interfere.
I did not feel, however, in reference to this ques-
tion, that I have any particular duty to discharge;
and I should not have meddled with it again but
for the letter which I received personally, m
which the opinions expressed were so strong
and so decisive, that I believed it became my duty
to bring the matter again before the Senate un-
less somebody else did; and since I have seen this
letter of Colonel Delafield, which is here, I am
certainly confirmed in my views on the subject.
At this late hour, however, I do not feel disposed
to detain the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, the Senator from
Maine always displays ingenuity—not to use a
harder word—in the reply which he makes to
any answer that is made to him. I thought my
language was very clear; and I thought no one,
however ingenious, however disposed to torture,
could have supposed that it was my opinion
which I was presenting as a thing that nobody
could touch without violating a hallowed ark.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator allow
me a word?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am afraid he is not in
the liabit of hearing that which he docs not like
to hear.
Mr. DAVIS. That is very much the case when
the Senator speaks, I admit*.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well, sir; the Sen-
ator may feel as he chooses upon the subject.
What I said was not because it was the Senator's
own opinion; but I expressly added the words,
" as founded upon opinions expressed to him by
boards of visitors." Did the Senator hear that?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes; I heard it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well.
Mr. DAVIS. I presented, Mr. President,-a
part only of the vast amount of information which
is before me, and which properly relates to the
subject. It would have been easy to anticipate
the authority which the Senator last introduced,
because I saw who brought it to him; knew what
the letter was; when it was written, and all the
circumstances connected with it.
The question, however, before us, is not, by
any means, a new one. When Colonel Thayer,
in 1818, submitted his plan for the reorganization
and change of studies, fixing the time, and so on,
it was submitted to General Bernard, who had
been an officer of distinction in the French army,
and to Major or Brevet Colonel McRee—I believe
the purest intellect and best informed military man
I ever saw. Their remarks are printed m the
volume of State Papers before me, from which I
will read only two paragraphs. In the first in-
stance, as to who is to be at th,e head of the
Academy, and what is to be its management:
"The school at West Point to be under the superintend-
ence of an officer of the Army, especially appointed for
that purpose by tlie President ot the United States. The
superintedent will communicate directly with the Secre-
tary of War on all subjects relating to the instruction, ad-
ministration, &c., of the school.
Remarks—The school at West Point now furnishes
officers indiscriminately to tile whole Army; there is, con-
sequently, no good reason why the corps of engineers should
any longer exercise an exclusive control over the institu-
tion. The Secretary of War alone should be vested with
a general control, and with the only mteiinediate authority
between the superintendent and the President of the Uni-
ted States."
They looked upon it merely as an executive
matter. Then as to the term of study:
" The course of study at the Academy to embrace a period
of four years; and the cadets to be kept, by graduations of
one year, in the four corresponding classes.
" Remarks.—This article should be maintained, at least
until expei ience shall enable us to determine whether the
period of four years is sufficient to give the cadets the de-
gree of instruction which it is the object of the institution
to furnish."
This, taken in connection with the letter of
Colonel Thayer, is a full explanation. He says,
writing six years afterwards, you cannot intro-
duce Spanish into the Academy; because, if you
increasethe course, you must increase the term;
that is not proposed; you cannot increase the
studies, the whole time being absorbed with the
studies as they now are. But not only has that
language been introduced, but there has been a
steady expansion of the sciences then taught, and
the depa rtment of ordnance and artillery has grown
from a very small dimension at that or even a long
subsequent date, to be one of the large and not
by far the least important of the courses taught in
the Academy. Under this state of the case, it is
idle to go back to that time and quote letters of
gentlemen, however eminent they may be, unless
with due reference to the change ol'circumstance as
affecting their present application. If the course
be reduced to the limit of 1824, the term need not
be greater than it was at that date; or if a school
of application be established, the course may be
modified and the term thus be reduced. In this
connection, 1 will send to the desk to be read, the
last paragraph of a letter of Mr. Calhoun, when
Secretary of War, to the House of Representa-
tives, showing that a school at that time, just
such as the Senator would now make, was con-
sidered equal only to the line of the Army; and
that it was even then, for the scientific corps,
deemed necessary to have a school of application.
The Secretary read, as follows:
"I cannot refrain from observing, on a subject of so
much importance as the education of those who may be
charged with the defense of the country, and on whose
skill and fidelity oiu honor and security must so much de-
pendj that, whatever degree of perfection may be given to
the Military Academy at West Point, as an elementary
school, yet our military education, in the higher branches
of the art of war, must remain imperfect without a school
of application and practice. The education at the Military
Academy will be full and complete for officers of infantry;
but those who may be piomoted into the artillery, and the
corps of engineers, ought to have the means, in a school of
