THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES', WASHINGTON, D C.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, JUNE 9, 1860.
New Series No.
application and practice, to complete their tlieoreticai
knowledge in the higher branches of the science connected
with their profession, and toapply the knowledge acquired
to practice. It ought nev<>r to be forgotten that the mili-
tary science, in the present condition of the world, cannot
be neglected with impunity. Ithas become so complicated
and extensive as to require for its acquisition extensive
means, and much .time to be exclusively devoted to it. It
can only flourish under the patronage of the Government,
and without such patronage it must be almost wholly ne-
glected. A comparatively smalt sum, expended in time of
peace, to foster and extend the knowledge of military sci-
encc, will, in the event of war, be highly beneficial to the
country, and may prove the means of its safety". Aschool
of practice and application, with the exception of the,' cost
of toe necessary buildings, would be attended with but a
smv.ll expense; and, with such an institution, officers
would be trained wlio would be masters of every branch of
knowledge connected with their profession, and who, by
their science, would be not only highly useful, but an orna-
ment to their country. Without pursuing the subject any
further, I would respectfully refer the House to a report on
this interesting subject, made in obedience to its order, on
the 15th of January, 1819.
" I have the honor to be your most obedient servant."
Mr. DA VIS. At that time, when military sci-
ence had not progressed to its presentdimensions,
Mr. Calhoun found that the Military Academy,
with its four-years course, was not equal, as he
supposed, to the wants of the scientific corps of
the Army. With the steady expansion, its ine-
quality has increased. The five-years course is
now deemed to be the smallest amount that will
answer. The superintendent of the Academy,an
officer of very high ability, and who was one of
the commission that examined into the subject of
the programme of studies, I suppose, if he were
called upon to say, "in this programme of five-
years, is there anything which admits of condens-
ation, is there anything which may be without
injury to the service eliminated?" would answer
both in the negative. " if, then, there is no study
which you can omit, if there is no year which
has not as much as they are able to perform
within it, how are you to shorten the term with-
out injury to the Academy?" 1 am sure his an-
swer would be," by raising the standard of admis-
sion;" and in that way alone can it be done. If
done in that way, it may, perhaps, then justify
the charge which has been so often made, that
this institution was an exclusive one, that the
Army was an aristociacy—a charge which has
heretofore been unjust, and which, whenever it
can be fairly made, will be the premonition of a
downfall of the institution, and the service for
which it is intended.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, I have only a
word to say on this subject. It seems to me that
the true question before us is not what was the
opinion of Mr. Jefferson in 1801, or of Colonel
Thayer in 1817; but what is the want of the coun-
try at this time, and what does the scrvice re-
quire? I think the Government expects that the
officers of the United States Army shall be some-
thing more than mere fighting men. I think it
expects, and has a right to expect, that they shall
be thoroughly educated gentlemen. I, for one,
have entertained none of the prejudice thai is felt
by some toward the Military Academy, and those
who graduate from it. I think that that Academy,
and the character and conduct of those who have
graduated from it, have sufficiently vindicated the
institution from all aspersions that have hitherto
been cast upon it.
X look upon the Military and Naval Academies
as conservative institutions. I say that it. is the
duty of the Government to give to each of the
young men who graduate at each one of those
institutions the highest possible attainable educa-
tion. That is our duty; that is the interest of the
Government; and while education is being gIc-
vatcd in every other institution of the country;
whilst all your common schools, your academies,
your colleges, and your universities, are raising
their standards of education, I cannot compre-
hend any reason why we should not also elevate
the standard of education in our Military and
Naval Academies; and hence 1 am in favor of
anything that will have a tendency to operate in
that duection.
The question for us is, is it the interest of the
Government, is it the interest of the Academy, to
172
continue the institution on its old foundation, on
its old system or curriculum of studies; or shall
we not rather elevate it to correspond with the
spirit of the times, and to correspond with the
elevation of education in the different institutions
of this country ? I concur with the Senator from
Mississippi in expressing the opinion that we
ought to do it.
We have had some authorities cited here to us
by the Senator from Maine, and among others,
the distinguished superintendent of the Military
Academy. His letter has been read to show that
we ought notto extend the period from four years
to five years. What is the reason he assigns why
we should not do it? He says—I quote from his
letter:
" I concur with the board in the opinion that the five-
years course has proved a faiiure"—
Why?
" but for the reason that seven months"—
That is the additional year; the reason why he
believes it has proved a failure is—
" that seven months wiii not suffice, and never can be made
tosuthce, to impart a knowledge of our language connected
with the various subjects in the eoursc of studies ; and my
impression is that it is in no proportion to the desired ob-
jects. To gain it, we must seek other means than tne vain
attempt to teach them in seven mouths that which, in the
ordinary couise of tilings, is to be learned during tile first
fifteen years of a scholastic life."
That is the reason, because it is not long enough
to teach him that kind of education which lie
thinks it desirable that these young men should
possess before they graduate at the Military
Academy. What proposition does he make to
obviate this trouble? He goes on, in another por-
tion of the letter, and specifies that each member
of Congress, who has the appointment of a cadet
at lhis time, should be permitted to nominate some
six or seven persons from his congressional dis-
trict; and that an Army board should be convened
under the direction of the Secretary of War, and
either go into each of the congressional districts
and examine the six or seven persons, and receive
the one who is best qualified to become a cadet,
or else that each of these six or seven persons
shall go to where an Army board is convened,
and there undergo an examination. That is what
thisjudicious superintendent of the Military Acad-
emy recommends in lieu of the five-years course;
and I apprehend—I am not prepared to say it is
so—but 1 apprehend his suggestion would be at-
tended with much more trouble and expense to the
Government than that which is proposed by the
Senator from Mississippi—a course of five years
in place of four years.
There is another reason why I am opposed to
the adoption of this amendment. It is going to
operate unequally on that section of the country
ol which 1 have the honor to be a citizen; and I
think the Senator from Oregon, when he reflects
on this subject, will entertain the same opinions
with me. If you will take the list of graduates
of the Military Academy, you will observe that
a very large portion of those graduates who have
graduated near the head of the class, who become
the elite of the service, who enter the engineer
corps, the ordnance corps, and the artillery
corps, are the sons of wealthy men, who have
been thoroughly educated before ever they bccame
members of the Academy, whose minds have
bccome disciplined, whose habits of study and
thought have become perfected, are residents of
the eastern States of the Union. Look into your
Army Register to-day; look into the engineer
corps, and you will see that almost all the mem-
bers of the engineer corps were born and raised
in the eastern or northeastern States. What is
the reason? It is because a large majority of
those young gentlemen weregiaduates of colleges
before they entered the Military Academy at all,
I remembci that a young man, one of the best
scholars in one of the New England colleges, was
a junior in the college before he ever went to West
Point, and the result was, that after going there
with almost a thorough education-—with a very
good education—with his mind disciplined, with
habits of study firmly fixed on him, he took a high
rank in his class, and graduated near the head of
it, and is now in the engineer corps. Another
young gentleman graduated a year ago, to my
Now, right by the side of him enters a young man
from the cane-brakes or the prairies. He has all
the (jualifications to become a good officer, to be a
distinguished man in the Army, and render just
as essential service to the country as these gen-
tlemen who have received a collegiate education
before they go there; but they go thereunder very
greatdisadvantages. They go there without any
education, without any habits of study fixed on
them, and they always stand at the foot of tha
class. Why? If they ever getthrough, they go
to the foot of the corps; and why so? Beajmse,
after they have been in the Academy a year, "the
standard of education taken for the class is the
attainment of the first five or six, and all the mem-
bers of the class are required to come up some-
where in proportion to the education of the five
or six who stand at the head of the class; and of
the number who enter, about seventy or eighty,
before they graduate they are reduced ordinarily
to twenty or twenty-five. These young men who
enter there without education are dropped off, and
arc not permitted to graduate. That is the effect
of the law as it stood.
Now, lam in favor of the five-years course,
because the longer you prolong the time, the more
these young men who are at the foot of the class
are able to comc up and take a position in the
class. I favor the amendment of the Senator from
Mississippi, [Mr. Brown.] I want to have two
classes enter. I want the young man. who is able
to enter in the five-years course to do so, and go
through; but if my neighbor has a son who is
competent to enter the four-years period of edu-
cation, he oughtto he permitted to go thereandto
graduate. I want each cadctto occupy as good a
position as his attainments will enable him to oc-
cupy. 1 shall, therefore, vote for the proposition
of the Senator from Mississippi.
I have only desired to express the views which
I think I ought to entertain, and act upon-, as a
representative of one of the western States, where
young men have not the facilities for education
that they have in some other portions of the
country.
Mr. BROWN. I desire to modify my amend-
ment with the consent of the Senate. I know I
have no right to do itwithout the permission of the
Senate, as the Senator from Maine has moved an
amendmenttoit; but with his permission and that
of the Senate, I propose to modify my amend-
ment so that it shall stand thus:
That the course of instruction for cadets now at the West
Foint Military Academy shall be that preueubed at the
time when the eadetentered ; and cadetsciiteringihis year
or hereafter shall be divided into two classes. Those enter-
in? tile fifth or lower class shall remain five yeais before
completing the eourne ; Uio*e entering the fourth or higher
class may complete the course in four years; and the aca-
demic staff may tlx the standard of merit for admission into
either class, with the approval of the Secretary of War.
One word of explanation, for I shall not detain
the Senate. In reference to tho first txpiession
that the course of instruction for xadets now at
the West Point Military Academy shall be that
prescribed at tho time the cadet entered, I regard
this somewhat in the nature of a contract; tho
cadet entered with the understanding that ho
should remain for four or five years; but as to tho
future, you have the right to do as you please,
to take them on such terms as you may prescribe.
Then I propose, as to future entries, that they
shall be 'divided into two classes; as I said be"-
fore, those poorly instructed .taking the live-years
couise and those better instructed taking sim-
ply a four-years course. This amendment goes
on to provide that the standard of merit for admis-
sion shall be fixed by the academic staff. Who so
proper to fix it ? I, however, provide that it shall
be done with the approval of the Secretary of
War. This being a Government acayeniy, it
ought not to be sepaiattsl fiT'Sh U>e Government.
I dare say wiiau-yi;1; the ROiUieHtiC §t&ft did, (Ultl tiiii
