1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
773
upon its rejection upon a question merely of pre-
rogative. Bifl, sir, I regard the amendment which
is now before the House as one of great impor-
tance.
Mr. REAGAN. I rise to a question of order.
If the gentleman is not opposing the amendment
of the gentleman from Tennessee, I desire the floor
for the purpose, of doing it.
Mr. EDWARDS, lam opposed to that amend-
ment, as I am opposed to the amendment of the
Senate. I should not have risen if I had not been
opposed to both. I regard the question, on this
Senate amendment, as of vastly more importance
to my constituents than all the other amendments
that have been acted upon: and I now oppose the
amendments to it which aie pending, not that
dome of them might not be worth saving, if by
the adoption of the principal amendment the
franking privilege should be wrecked, and should
go by the board; but because I am not willing
that anything should be put upon this Senate
amendment that would be likely to insure its
adoption by the House, or influence a single vote
in its favor.
Thegentlenianfrom Virginia [Mr.PRYOR] says,
that the only value of this franking privilege is
to send home speeches to our constituents that are
never read. Sir, let me say to that gentleman
that if his tonstitucnts are of that character, the
constituency of the whSle northern portion of the
Confederacy differ from them most essentially.
They arc educated, are taught to read, and to un-
derstand what they read, and they demand read-
ing matter, they demand information, they demand
thorough information of everything that is pass-
ing in this House. They arc acquainted with
every measure that is under discussion here, and,
with few exceptions, they are capable of passing
upon its merits. Let mc say again, that abolish
ihis franking privilege, and you will create a sen-
sation throughout the whole northern States that
the adoption of hardly any other measure could.
They do not look at it as a privilege to members
here, but they look at it as their own privilege,
and a privilege which they wish to see preserved.
And if the members from those States here do not
give their voices for the preservation of that priv-
ilege, they will send members here who will.
Mr. Chairman, I must be excused for having
made these remarks, for no one gentleman has
risen from the State from which I come, or from
the section of country from which I come, to enter
his protest against this measure. Sir, I think, it
is due to New England that some one should ex-
press, m emphatic terms, the position not only of I
New England, but of the whole northern portion !
of this Confederacy, in relation to this important j
question; a position, in my belief, of unhesitating '
opposition to the measure proposed by the Sen-
ate, and on which we are now to pass.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was taken on the amendment
offered by Mr. Avery, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. REAGAN. I move to strike out the last
I wo lines of the amendment of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, embracing the words " the pub-
lishers of weekly newspapers." I move this
amendment for the purpose of presenting a view
of this question which gentlemen seem to have ij
overlooked. It is urged that we should preserve I.
the franking privilege to the editors of newspapers i
for the purpose of disseminating knowledge.. It
i;i said that it is for the interest of newspapers that >
this should be done. Now, I suppose that I feel j
as friendly toward newspapers as anybody else; [
but I fee! that this is a branch of business, and not j
a department of Government; that there is no duty J
in Congress to support newspapers, no obliga- I
tion on our part to compel the people to pay taxes j
for the support of newspapers. There are thou-
sands of honest farmers and mechanics in my dis- ;
tnct who are not as prosperous as I would like i
to sec them, and I thnik as much of them as I do
of the editors of newspapers. Would it not. be
as right, as proper, for me to come liere and ask
Congress to give them a bonus to make them
more prosperous, as it is to give this franking *
privilege to the editors of newspapers? I ask
"•entlemen to tell me what principle of right and :
justice is there—what principle m our Constitu-
tion and theory of Government.—which authorizes
us to give a bonus to any particular trade or pro- j
fcssion ? What principle is there under our Gov- <
ernment authorizing us to tax the people for the
benefit of editors of newspapers ? The people of
the country when they want a newspaper will
pay for it. If there are papers that cannot live
without the poor boon of getting their exchanges
free of postage, they ought to die. Newspapers
are not entitled to bonuses from people who do
not subscribe to them, against their will. Let
those who want them, subscribe for them, and
pay for them. It is not a part of the duty of this
Government to build up and sustain private in-
terests. Our duty is to perform the legitimate
functions of this Government under the Consti-
tution. What constitutional obligations rest upon
us to support any private interest totally discon-
nected from the Government of this country? I
deny that there exists in the Constitution any
warrant for ue to impose taxes upon the people
for any such purpose. I believe, sir, that this is
one of the insidious evils which are creeping in
upon the administration of this Federal Govern-
ment, and affecting its perpetuity.
Mr. NELSON. Mr. Chairman, it is not pos-
sible, within the five minutes allowed under the
rule, to discuss the question now before the com-
mittee; and I desire simply to state that I concur
in the argument presented to the House by the
able and distinguished gentleman from Virginia, [
[Mr. Millson.] I cannot see how there is to be
a saving of $1,800,000, or of $4,000,000, by cut-
ting off this franking privilege, which has existed,
in some form or other, from the very first session
of Congress. Will the mail carriers transport the
mails for anything; less, after the franking priv-
liege is abolished; Is not the great expense of
transporting the mails incurred without reference
to this franking privilege ? Docs it cost the Gov-
ernment any more to transport five hundred let-
ters than it does to transport one? I cannot dwell
upon this idea.
It may not be important to those who represent
large cities or populous districts where newspa-
pers arc abundant, to retain this privilege; but,
sir, in the country like that from which I come,
in the interior, where newspapers are not so nu-
merous, and where many persons are too poor to
subscribe for them, it is exceedingly important to
the people that this privilege should be preserved.
It is about the only thing that we have, aside from
the memories of the past, to remind us of the great
fact that we have a General Government; for ap-
propriations of any kind have been rare in favor
of that section of the country which I have the
honor to represent. In our hills and in our val-
leys, when we hear the moil carrier wind liis
merry liorn and wake the echoes—when we real-
ize the idea that
" He eomiv, the lierald of a noisy world,
News from all nations lumbeiing Eit his back,"
we feel that we have a Government, and that
that Government is careful of the interests of the
people, no matter where they dwell, nor how
isolated they may be.
I maintain, sir, that this Government is founded
| upon two great ideas: the one, the intelligence of
! the people: and the other, the responsibility of the
Representatives to the people—their constituents,
j 1 do not propose that we shall establish common
I schools in every district of the United States, but
' I do maintain that it is highly important that the
people should June information everywhere in
! irgard to the conduct of their public servants, and
i that to abolish the franking privilege would be to
cut olFhundreds and thousands of them from those
sources of information to which they have long
been accustomed, and by means of which they are
enabled to enforce this accountability.
I maintain, Mr. Chairman, that this privilege
ought to be continued. If abuses have crept in,
if errors have existed, cannot the wisdom of Con-
gress supply a corrective, without abolishing a
privilege which has been so beneficent in its in-
fluence upon the public mind? If, sir, we wish
to reform the expenditures of the Government,
w!iv attack a privilege that is not ours—but that
of the people, and dear to them > Why not lay
the ax at the root of the evil at once, and, in-
stead of lopping off the franking privilege, curtail
those enormous expenditures which have been
incurred in the matter of the public, printing it-
self? There,it seems to me, is the mischief; and
there is the place, I respectfully submit, we ought
to apply the remedy. The ■franking privilege is
but a drop in comparison with the immense mis-
chief and evils that have grown out ofthe system
of public printing which has pre vailed in the coun-
try. If we wish to do anything efficient, we ought
to apply the remedy to that.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. REAGAN. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. WINSLOW. I object.
Mr. Reagan's amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. STEVENSON. 1 desire to amend the
amendment so as to except all public matter
printed by Congress. I have listened very atten-
tively to all that has been said upon this subject;
and as I have rarely troubled the House with any
suggestions, I desire to say a word or two now
upon this subject.. I ani in favor of both of these
amendments as they came from the Senate. I
belong to that sect which goes for the strictest
construction of the Constitution,and itpained and
surprised me to hear the latitudinarian construc-
tion contended for by my honorable friend from
Virginia, [Mr.-Mii.LsoN,] which, it seems to me,
if carried out practically, would prostitute and
.pervert this Government of specified and limited
powers, to every latitudinarian assumption that
tlie utmost fancy of man could imagine. If 1 un-
derstood myjionorable friend, he thought it was
our duty to furnish the people with light. Why,
we had better establish universities and schools
by the Federal Government. In the early days
of John Gtuiney Adams, when he undertook to
ask for the establishment of observatories, the
Republican Democratic party decried him, and no
State was louder against that Federal heresy of
the administration of Mr. Adams than the State
my honorable friend in part represents.
Mr. MILLSON. The gentleman says he un-
derstood me to say that it was our duty to furnish
our constituents with light. As I said nothing
about furnishing light, I beg the gentleman to tell
the House what he did understand me to say.
i Mr. STEVENSON. The gentleman will ex-
! cusc me if T misstate his position. It certainly ia
j unintentional.
But the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
> Win-slow! said this franking privilege originated
I with the Government. If I remember the early-
practice of this Government, the franking privi-
lege was only allowed from thirty days before to
thirty days after each session of Congress. Then
we had no such thing as book making. We had
then none of these corrupt contingencies which so
tend to swell the expenditures of this Government,
and which the Opposition party have used so in-
dustriously against the Democratic party. I am
for cutting off all these abuses. Let us practice
the strictest economy. Print your own speeches
and distribute them, and do not tax my people for
the light and information which your people want,
j I say this privilege is opposed to the whole object
I of this Federal Government. The framere of
j the Constitution never contemplated the practices
I which now prevail under this Government, not
:j only in making books and printing them ad libi-
li turn, to the amount of thousands and millions,
!j but in distributing them under our franks. If
i you will abolish the franking privilege, you will
I stop this excess of public printing, the publication
;j of books, and tlieirdistribution. Such is my opin-
! ion, and I think it becomes our duty to put the
.] ax at the root of the tree now, and sweep away
'■ not only one of these abuses, but all.
i[ I understand that most of these gentlemen are
! in favor of this reform; but many of them say
< this is not? an opportune time to accomplish it.
: The only argument I have heard alleged agamst
!; it is, that if we adopt this amendment, it will
1 I sanction the practice which the Senate has hitherto
adopted, at the close of a session, of putting lm-
i i proper amendments upon revenue bills, and which
! has led to much hasty and imprudent legislation.
[I This objection does not apply, since full discus-
!: sion is allowed on each amendment. Several have
!j been adopted by this House to the present bill.
:i Let not a false etiquette prevent us from promptly
adopting the much-needed salutary reform.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. 11UFFIN. I rise for the purpose of op-
posing the amendment of the gentleman from Ken-
' tucky, which, I believe, is to except all the public
| documents published by Congress. Sir, 1 am in
\ favor of llif total abolition of the franking pir\ i-
' 1p«-c; and I am Astonished to hear gentlemen,
