352
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 19,,
36th CONG....1ST SffiS. The Issues: Dred Scott Decision: Parties—Mr. Washburn.
Ho. of Reps.
property, and not as persons entitled to the rights
and franchises of citizenship.
LI. The doctrine of Mr. Calhoun and his dis-
* ciples, that slavery is not only right and fit, so
far to the slave is concerned, buta blessing to free-
men, a necessary relation in society, and the very
corner-stone of true and legitimate government.
III. The provisions in the Constitution in ref-
erence to the slave trade and the return of fugi-
tives from service or labor.
Under some or all of these heads may be found
the reasons which brought the judges, who uni-
tpd in the opinion of the court, to make the Dred
Scott decision. And I will here observe, that
although in giving in their opinions they differed
from each other m many respects, and so far that
it may be disputed whether a majority were
agreed upon any particular line of reasoning, it
can hardly be doubted that what is called the
"opinion of the court," pronounced by Chief
Justice Taney, embodies in its results the opin-
ions of the majority of the court. This is the
understanding of the President, of the South,
and of the Democratic party, as is seen by their
declarations and platforms.
I. The African >-ace, we are assured by a
majority of the court, had, for more than a cen-
tury before the formation of the Constitution—
(C Been regarded as beings of an inferior order, and alto-
gether unfit to associate with the wlutc race, either jm
social or political relations; and so lar inferior, that they
had tio rights which the white man was bound to ie^>ect;
and that the ncgio might justly and Jaivfully be reduced to
slavery forMus benefit. He houghl and sold and treated
as an ordinary aiticie of metehandi&eand tratlic, whenever
a profit could be made by it. This opinion was at that
time fixed and universal in the civilized portion of the
white race. It was regarded as an axiom in morals as well
as in politics, which no one thought of disputing, or sup-
posed to be open to dispute ; and'men m every giade and
position of society daily and habitually acted upon it in
their private pursuits, as well as in matters of public con-
cern, without doubting for a moment the correctness of
this opinion." ♦ * * * "They were never
thought of or spoken of except as property, and when the
claims of the owner or the profits ot the trader were sup-
posed to need protection."
Mr. Chairman, it is undoubtedly true that, for
many years preceding- the adoption of the Con-
stitution, members of the African race had been
held in slavery on this continent; but how, and
why, and by whom this'practice was commenced
and continued, appears in the quotations which I
made at the commencement of these remarks.
They wore held m that condition, and had been
rcduced to it, wrongfully and with a strong hand;
because they were weak, and not because it was
right or just; by the force of superior power, as
millions of the while race had for many centuries
been held in slavery upon the continent of Eu-
rope. They were held as slaves at the formation
of the Constitution,because they had been brought
here and forced upon our people^hile they were
yet the colonies of Great Britain. After their in-
dependence, they could not be enfranchised at
once; they could not be placed in possession of
political power in a day or a year. But, sir, if
there is anything true in the history of those times,
the men of the Revolution did not approve or jus-
tify the system. They felt it to be wrong, cruelly,
strangely wrong; they regarded their relations to
these unfortunate beings as false and unnatural,
and it was their earnest desire and full determina-
tion to change them, as in general terms 1 have
already shown, and as I will more fully prove
hereafter. That they or their ancestors regarded
the Africans as unfit for "political relations"- -I
means Africans, as such, and not slaves—is dis-
proved by the fact stated by Judge Curtis in Ins
opinion,andsuppovted by the authorities to which
ho referred, that prior to this time '* all free native-
born inhabitants of the States of Now Hampshire,
Massachusetts, New Yoik, New Jersey, and
Js%orth Carolina, though descended from African
slaves, were not only citizens of those States, 1 ut
such of them as had the other necessary qualifi-
cations possessed thefranclnse of clcctorsonequal
terms with oilier citizens."
That the Africans at the time referred to wore
u regarded as so far inferior that they had so rights
which white mkn were bound to respect, Mid
that the negro might justly and lawfully be reduced
to slavery for his benefit.1' That this opinion was
at thai time fixed and universal in the civilized
poitions of the white race;" that " it was regarded
as an axiom in morals as well as in politics, which
no one thought of disputing, or supposed to be open
to disputethat "men in every grade and posi-
tion in society" never doubted "/or a moment the
correctness of this opinionare asseverations so
strange and monstrous, so plainly, greatly, shock-
ingly untrue, that one hardly knows how to meet
them—he is staggered and confounded by their
grossnessand audacity.
But these inventions were necessary to lay a
foundation for the Dred Scott decision, and, in-
deed, form its chief comer stone. How totally
unsupported they are by the history of those
times, I shall show by testimony the most dncct
and overwhelming, and of ^jhich one would sup-
pose Chief Justicc Taney could not have been
ignorant. That, at the time of the adoption of the
Constitution, the opinion in regard to negroes
(which the Chief Justice says " was fixed and
universal in the civilized portions of the white
race") was not as he has stated it; but, on the
other hand, that it was considered that the black
man had " rights which white men were bound to
respect;"and thathe might not "justly beieduced
to slavery for the white man's benefit;" that it
was not an axiom in morals that he might justly
be made a slave; that his true and proper condi-
tion was not that of a slave, and therefore of prop-
erty, but that of a human, sentient, responsible,
immortal being, possessing the same natural
rights with other mew, appears from the proceed-
ings of numerous public bodies, the writings and
speeches of eminent men, representatives of vari-
ous interests and classes, of statesmen, politicians,
lawyers, philosophers, poets, divines, in this
country and in Europe, whose opinions, with the
members of the convention which framed the
Constitution, wore of the highest authority, and
some of whom, indeed, were themselves mem-
bers of that body. From this mass of testimony I
will make such selections as my time will permit.
, In the year 1785, three years before the adop-
tion of the Federal Constitution, a bill for the
abolition of slavery was passed by the Legislature
of New York, to which Chancellor Livingston,
clarum et venerabile nomen, the magistrate who
administered to George Washington ins first oath
of oilice ay President of the United States, ob-
jected, not that it abolished slavery, but that it
did not go farther, and clothe, the negro with all the
rights and privileges of white men. To his objec-
tions I beg to call your particular attention; they
were as follows:
" 1. Because the last clause of the bill enacts that no ne-
gro, mulatto, or nuistee, shall have a legal vote In any case
whatsoever; which implicatively excludes persons of this
desenption trom all share in the Legislature, and those of-
fices m which a vote may be necessary, as well as from the
nnpoitant privilege of electing thoso by whom they are to
be governed ; the bill having, mothei instance?, placed the
children that shall be bom of slaves in the rank of citizens,
agreeable both tothesptiit and letter ot the Constitution,
they aie, as such, entitled to all the privileges ol citizens;
nor can they be deprived ot these essential rights without
shocking tho.->e principles of equal libeity which every
page in that Constitution labois to enforce.
"9. Bemuse it holds up a doctrine which is repugnant to
the principles on winch the United States justify then sep-
aration tiomGieat Britain, and either enactswluit is wiong
or supposes that tho^e may rightfully be charged with the
burdens of Government who have no representative share
in imposing them.
3, Because this class of disfranchised and discontented
citizen*,who at some future period maybe both numerous
and wealthy, may, under the diioetion of ambitious oi fac-
tious leadeis. become dangerou-s to the State, and effect the
ruin ot a Constitution whoso benefits they aie not permitted
to enjoy.
" 4. Bccause the creation of an order of citizens who are
to have no legislative or icprc tentative shaio in the Gov-
ernment, necessarily lays the foundation oj «?i aristocracy of
the most dan serous and malignant hind, i enderms powei per-
manent and hereditary m the hands oj thorn persons u,ho dc-
tIncc ihciroi is;m Ihioughwhite ancestors only ; though these,
at some luture period, should not amount to a ftttietft part
of the people. That this is not a ehnneucal supposition
will he apparent to ihosc who reflect that the teim tnustce
i- indefinite ; that the desire of power will induce those who
possess it to exclude competitors by extending it as far as
po-s-ihle; that, supposing it to extend to the seventeenth
guieiation, every man will have the blood of many moie
than two hundred thousand ancestor running in las veins;
| and that, if an\ ot these should have been colored, hispos-
{ temy wJi, bv the upeiatiou of this law, be disfranchised ;
1 so that, it only one thousandth pan of the black inhabitants
! now in the State should inteimairy with the white, then
I postenty will amount to so many millions that it will be
[ difficult to suppose a fiitieth partof the people bom within
1 this Slate two humired years hence, who may be entitled
! to share in the benefits which our excellent Constitution
I intended to &ecuie to every free inhabitant of the State.
1 " 5. Because the last clause of the Uril, being general,
deprives thoso black, mulatto, and mustcc citizen*, uho
have heretofore been entitled to a vote, of this essential pnv-
lJege, and under the idea of-pohticaJ expediency, without
their having been chained with any offense, disViauehises
them, m direct violation of the established rules ot justice,
against the letter and spirit of the Constitution, and tends
to support a doctrine which is inconsistent with the most
obvious piinciples of government, that the Legislature may
arbitrarily dispose of the dearest lights of their constitu-
ents."
Have I made no mistake ? Is it true; is it pos-
sible that, in the face of this noble protest, which
more than covers all the positions of the Repub-
lican party, Judge Taney could have used the lan-
guage I have quoted ? Can it be, that in diawing
an elaborate opinion in a great case, the most im-
portant in its bearings and issues ever pronounced
by an earthly court, and in which historical ac-
curacy was of the first necessity, he could have
ignored the record 1 have cited, and the facts which
it proves, and have solemnly declared that, in
1788, when the Constitution was formed, and for
more than a century before, the black race were
regarded as " altogether unfit to associate with the
white race, either m social or political relations,"
and might "justly and lawfully be reduccd to sla-
very for their benefit," and that this opinion was
"fixed and universal in the civilized portion of the
white race ?"
The Legislature of Pennsylvania, in 1780,
passed an act abolishing slavery in that State,
which was introduced by the following preamble,
the authorship of which I have heard—I know not
with what authority—ascribed to Dr. Franklin:
"When we contemplate our abhorrence of that condition
to which the arms and tyranny ot Great Britain weie ex
eited to reduce us ; when we look back upon the vaiietv of
dangers to which we have been exposed, and how intnicu-
lously our wants in many instances have been supplied,
and our deliverances wrought, when even hope and human
fortitude have become unequal to the conflict, we aie una
voidably led to a serious and grateful sense of the manifold
blessings which we have undeservedly received fiom the
hand of that Being from whom every good and perfect gift
cometh. Impressed with the&e ideas, we conceive that it
is our duty, and we rejoice that it is in oui power, to ex-
tend a poitlon of that ficedom to others which hath been
extended to us, and release from that state of thialldom, to
which we ourselves were tyrannically doomed, and from
which we have now every piospeet oi'being deliveied. It
is not for u  to inquire why, m the creation of mankind, the
inhabitants of the several parts of the earth weie distin-
guished by a difl'eience in featuie or complexion.
It is sufficient to know that all are the woik of an Al-
mighty hand. We find, m the distribution of the human
species, that the niO)?t fertile, as well as the mo&t barren,
parts of the eaith, are inhabited by men of a complexion
diffeient from ours, and from each other; fiom whence we
may reasonably, as well as religiously infei, that ile who
placed them m their vaiious situations hath extended
equally His care and protection to all; and it becometh not
us to counteract his mercies. We esteem it a peculiar
blessing granted to us, that we are enabled this day to add
one more step towaid universal civilization by ie«noving,
as much as possible, the soriows of those who have lived
in undeserved bondage, and by which, fiom the assumed
authoiity of the Kings of Great Britain, no effectual legal
relief could be obtained. Weaned b> a long eouise of ex-
perience from those nairow prejudices and partialities we
had imbibed, we find our hearts enlaigedwith kindness
and benevolence towards men of ail conditions and na-
tions ; and we conceive ouixelves, at this particulai period,
extraordinarily called upon, by the blessings which we
have received, to manifest the Mueeritv ot our piofe^sion,
and to give a substantial proof ot our own giatitude.
" And whereas the condition of those petsons who have
heretofore been denominated negro and mulatto slaves has
been attended with circumstances which not only deprived
them of the common blessings winch by nature they weie
entitled to, but has east theip into the deepe&taf'lieti'ons, by
an unnatural sepaiation and sale of husband and wife fiom
each other, and liom their children—an injury thegreatne.ss
of which can only be conceived by supposing thatwe were
m the same unhappy ease; injustice, therefore, to peisons
so unhappily circumstauced, and who have no piospeet be-
fore them wheieon they may rest their e-oaowo and their
hopes—have no reasonable inducement to rcnJa tiuir ser-
vice to socicty which titty otherv ise mi«ht ; and aKo in grate -
ful commemoiation of our own happy deliverance fiom
that state ot unconditional subim—non o which we weto
doomed by the tyianny of Britain: Theieioie, Be it en-
acted&c.
Sir, this splendid preamble, and the act which
it inttoduced, weie no trifling or obscure matters.
They were the production of great men, acting on
a most conspicuous theater, and their work is
one of historical interest and grandeur. It was to
this preamble that Mr. Webster referred, at Phil-
adelphia, in 1844, in these words:
"That preamble was the work of your fathers. They
sleep in honored graves. There is not, I believe, one man
living now who was engaged m that most liglueous act.
There are woids in that pieamhle fit to be lead by all who
inherit the blood, by all who bear the name, by all who
cherish the memory of an honored and virtuous ancestiy.
And I ask every one of you now present, ere eight ana-
forty hours pass over your heads, to turn to that act, to read
