m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
especially those of the Republican party, and of
the southern Opposition, rise in their places and
oppose this reform now. Whenever any reform
is proposed, they are the first men to oppose it
here. I do not care what it is, with them it comes
in the wrong place. They say, why not start a
reform in something else—in some great expendi-
ture of the Government? 1 know of no proceed-
ing which can be taken by Congress that will
check a greater expenditure than this. Abolish
this franking privilege, and the Government here-
after will not spend hundreds and thousands of
dollars every year 111 publishing these books of
explorations and surveys, which one in a thou-
sand of our constituents never see at all, and which
are never read by those who do see them. Their
publication during one Congress cost upwards of
a million dollars. If -we repeal the franking priv-
ilege, that abuse will bo checked immediately.
Now, a word as to members franking speeches.
The compensation of members of Congress was
raised a few years ago, and I presume every man
could now very easily and very willingly would
pay the postage through the mails on such docu-
ments as he desires to send to his constituents. I
have frequently sent to my constituents documents
notpublished by the Government, and I have paid
the postage on them. I would scorn to put" pub-
lic document" on anything which was not of that
character. And, as to this matter of the circu-
lation of speeches, it would not cost more than
double what it does now. We would pay for
speeches just as we do now, and it is right that we
should pay the postage on them. And I do contend
that those of the Republican party and of the south-
ern Opposition, who have opposed this reform,
have no right to charge extravagance upon the
Democratic party. It is not only now, but it has
been' the case ever since I have been in Congress,
and I have no doubt it will be the case, hereafter,
that whatever reform is broached, it is alleged to
come in the wrong place. It is said now that you
are striking at the rights of the people. This re-
form is striking at members of Congress, and
they ought to be struck at in this matter. This
franking privilege lias been prostituted by mem-
bers of Congress. It is a notorious fact thatevery
day thousands and ihousands of documents, not
published by Congress, are sent oil" by members
under their frank. A presidential canvass is ap-
proaching, and the probability is that the mails
throughout the whole country will be loaded down
by these publications sent, from Washington. I
think the people should get such information as
they desire through the newspapers, and not rely
upo n Congress for it. And so far as lam concerned,
I never heard the first man outside of Congress say
that this system ought to be continued. On the
contrary, every man I have heard speak of it, has
said that the franking privilege ought to be abol-
ished. They look upon it as a privilege of mem-
bers of Congress, and not of the people.
The question was taken on the amendment of
Mr. Stevenson; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. SPINNER. I wish to offer a substitute
for the section. I shall not say a word upon it,
but desire a vote upon it in committee. It is to
strike out all after the word "that,"and insert as
follows:
Fram a,,'! the 1st (lay of Januarv next, the Post
>ffiee Department, and a!) offices or places in or under the
same, are hereby totally abolished; and that all laws or Darts
of laws conflicting with this section are herehy repealed.
Mr. BURNETT. I am opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Spinner.] The Post Office Department is valua-
ble to the people of the entire country; and if we
can relieve it from some of the burdens under
which it now unjustly labors, it will become,
as it was, until within the last six or eight years,
self-sustaining, and will cease to be a tax upon [
any class of our citizens, except those who use it '
as a means of transmitting intelligence. 1
Mr. Chairman, it woulcl be impossible for me, !
within the space of five minutes, to do justice to
the amendment of the Senate, now unde-r eonsid- 1
eration. I may be permitted to say that the \
reasons given by some gentlemen for the reten- '
Hon of the franking privilege, have struck me as !
being at least novel. I
Mr. SHERMAN. I rise to a point of order !
1 do so against my friend from Kentucky, sim- i
ply because he is an old member, and can ap-!
preciate my motive. According to the rules of
order, the gentleman must confine his remarks to
opposing the amendment of the gentleman from
New York.
Mr. BURNETT. I am going to do that very
thing.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then, I hope we will be
able to get through with this debate after a while.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair hopes that the
gentleman from Kentucky will confmehisremarks
to opposition to the amendment of the gentleman
from New York.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman from Ohio
must wait till I get to that point. I am laying
down my premises, and will then oppose the
amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky will please allow the rule on the subject to
be reported here, so that the committee may fully
understand it.
The Clerk read the 34th rule, as follows:
'•No member shall occupy mom than one hour in debate
on aj^y question in the House o> in committee; but a mem-
ber reporting the mcasuie under consideration l'tom a eom-
mittce, may open and close the debate: Provided, That
where debate is closed by order of the House, any member
shall be allowed, m committee, five minutes to explain any
amendment he may offer, after which any member who
shall first obtain the floor shall bo allowed to speak five
minutes in opposition to it, and there shall be no further
debate on the amendment; but the same privilege of debate
shall be allowed in favor of and against any amendment
that maybe offered to the amendment; and neither the
amendment nor an amendment to the amendment shall be
withdrawn by the mover thereof, Hnless by the unanimous
consent of the committee."
Mr. BURNETT. It has been contended by
gentlemen, that Congress is the great centcr from
which the rays of intelligence radiate; that it is
our duty to enlighten the people; and this is to
bo done by means of the franking privilege. Ir
this be so,thentheprivilegenowenjoyed by mem-
bers of Congress ought to be enlarged, and, in-
stead of confining it to our correspondence and
the public documents ordered by Congress, we
ought to bo permitted to frank all matter that
would have a tendency to civilize, Christianize,
or diffuse useful information among the people.
Congress ought to establish schools, colleges, and
universities. Gentlemen who think it is the duty
of Congress to enlighten tile people, ought to adopt
all the means necessary to attain so desirable an
end.
Mr. Chairman, I apprehend that no one who
holds to a strict construction of the Constitution,
will, for a moment, agree that gentlemen who hold
such opinions are right, or that the framers of our
Government ever contemplated the exercise of
any such powers by Congress.
The franking privilege, when first conferred
upon members of Congress, was limited to a much i
greater extent than now. It has, in late years, 1
become a fruitful source of abase and corruption, j
[ It hay been the means of increasing the expend-
itures of the Post Office Department to an enor- i
mous sum. That Department was, until within
the last six or eight years, self-sustaining. We j
now have to provide for a deficiency in the Depart- !
ment of $4,000,000 for the present year; and if !
we examine the legislation for the last few years, j
we will find that this deficiency has been rapidly ;
increasing. I
The Postmaster General informs us, that if we I
will abolish this privilege, enjoyed by members
of Congress, it will save to the Treasury of the
country, annually, $3,000,000. Then, why not
abolish it?
Mr. Chairman, gentlemen tell us they are for
reform; that they have been sent hero to correct
the abuses of this Administration, and to expose
its corruptions. If they are in earnest, I call upon
them to show their constituents and the country,
that they intend to make good their declarations
by cutting off one of their own privileges; and by
doing which, they can relieve the mail service of
the country, and its tax-payers, of millions.
Mr. Chairman, it is well known that the ex-
penditures of the Government for printing, en-
graving, (fee., have, within the last few years,
grown to an enormous sum. Congress has become
a book-publishing concern for the publication of
books, many of which are worthless—not worth
the paper upon whicli they are printed. The ex- ,,   
pendiUires which come under the head of print- jj and right in th, u„u are uomamicti nvthe
ng, lithographing,engraving,&c., have increased '! best interests of the country. Abolish thefrank-
from a few hundred thousand dollars to from two
to three million dollars a Congress.'
Mr. Chairman, these abuses have been de-
nounced by gentlemen on the stump and upon this
floor. They have attempted to hold the Demo-
cratic party responsible for them. Yet, when a
Democratic Senate offers them the means of put-
ting an end to some of the most flagrant abuses
connected with the public affairs of the country,
they not only refuse tcutid by their votes in pass-
ing the measure, but they undertake to defeat it
by parliamentary strategy. The transportation
of these books through the mail, costs a large
sum. It has been shown that the amount in
weight, annually, is above two million pounds;
and this calculation excludes the speeches which
are folded and pass through the folding-rooms of
the Senate and House, seeds, cuttings, &c.
The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Nelson]
said that his constituents had a right to be in-
formed of what was going on here, and that by
means of the franking privilege he was enabled
to send them an account of what was done in Con-
gress; this I understood to be his position.
Mr. Chairman, I will venture the assertion, that
very few gentlemen send documents to each con-
stituent, and if thoy do, we all know that they only
send speeches published on their side. This we all
know is the course of members generally. I have
attempted, since I had thelionor of a seat on this
floor, to distribute public documents to the people
of my district of all parties, and to make it as just
and equal as practicable; doubtless other mem-
bers do the same. But how is it with the books
which are ordered by Congress ? We know that
these books which are printed by our order are in
limited numbers, and we do not receive them in
such quantities as to enable us to distribute them
generally among our constituents. We get eight
hundred copies of the agricultural part of "the
PatentOffice report; two hundred of the mechan-
ical. We receive forty copies of the Japan Ex-
pedition; the like number of the Railroad Survey;
the same number of Emory's Survey, and Gilhss's
Report.
These books, costing the people millions of dol-
lars, cannot be sent but to a very few of our con-
stituents. Now, I put it to the gentleman from
: Tennessee [Mr. Nelson] to say upon what
principle of justice he makes the declaration that
the franking privilege is a blessing to the entire
people of his district? Is it just to tax one half
of my constituents to enable me to frank docu-
ments to the other half ? Is it right for Congress
to print and give me forty copies of a book which
costs $1,000,000, that I may frank and send it to
forty men in my district, and tax the balance to
;1 pay for it ?
| The truth is, Mr. Chairman, this privilege lias
| become a great electioneering engine; it is used
1 in the presidential elections, and by members of
I Congress, to build up and sustain themselves at
; home by their party friends. I am for stripping
| members of Congress of this privilege, and re-
; quiring them, like other citizens of the country,
i to pay their own postage. We have to buy and
, pay for the speeches which we distribute in our
| districts, and they are the only documents which
j we distribute generally; it will.add very little to
| their cost to pay the postage upon them, and, for
j one, I am willing to do it.
| Mr. Chairman, I have been for the abolition of
the franking privilege for years. I have seen
I some of its abuses, and we all know that there
! are many corruptions connected with it. I had
I hoped that gentlemen who had been so loud in
' their denunciations of extravagance and eorrup-
1 tion, and particularlythose who, in my own State
and the adjoining; State of Tennessee, had made
the extravagance and corruptions of this Admin-
istration their battle cry, would have been leaders
in every measure that would reform and correct
abuses; but, to my surprise and regret, I find the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Nelson,] and
my own colleague, [Mr. Moore,] most earnest
in opposing the very first movement for reform
introduced, and by the adoption of whicli, as has
been demonstrated, we will save to the Treasury
not less than three and a half million dollars.
Mr. Chairman, I hope this House will adopt
all the amendments of the Senate. They'are just
emselves.and are demanded by the
