I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S3
36th Cong....1st Sess. The Issues: Dred 8coit Decision: Parties—Mr. Washburn.
Ho. -of'Baa®;
that preamble; and if you are Pennsylvanians, tlie blood
will stir and prompt j ou to do your duty. There are argu-
ments xu that preamble far surpassing anything that my
poor ability could advance, and there I leave the -subject."
Oh, sir, that the Pennsylvanians would now
read that preamble! The blood would stir, and
they would be prompted to their duty by taking
that commanding position in the army of freedom
to which they are called by the just renown and
the glorious memories of their ancestors, whose
utterances in behalf of liberty and human rights
were among the most eloquent and fervid that
have ever been heard upon this continent.
But, Mr. Chairman, where has Judge Taney
been, that, notwithstanding this action of the Penn-
sylvania Legislature eight yeais before the Consti-
tution was adopted, he should have the boldness
to say that, by the common consentof mankind,
at the time this act was passed, negroes " had no
rights which white men were bound to respect,"
and might justly and lawfully be reduced to sla-
very for his benefit; and that this was an axiom
in morals as well as politics which no one thought
of disputing, and upon which men of every grade
and position in society daily and habitually acted ?
Sir, is it not manifest and certain that the men
of the Revolution—the framers of our institutions
—acted in the light and spirit of these testimonies,
rather than m that thick darkness of inhumanity
and practical atheism in which the Chief Justice
had been groping?
In 1773, Dr. Benjamin Rush, of Philadelphia,
who, to the reputation of an eminent physician
added that of a distinguished philanthropist and
statesman, issued an address to the inhabitants of
America on slave-keeping, in which he said:
" Liberty and property form the basis of Abundance and
good ugricultuie. I never obt-erved it to flourish where
those rights ot mankind were not firmly established. The
earth, which multiplies her productions with a kind of pro-
fusion under the hands of the free-born laboior, seems to
sbutik into banenness under the sweatofthe slave. Such
is the will of the Great Author of our nature, who has cre-
ated man free, and assigned to him the euith, that he might
cultivate his> possession with the sweat of his brow, but
still should enjoy his liberty."
Warming with his subject, and passing from
the material to the moral and religious aspect of
it, he exclaims: *
"Ye men of sense and virtue, ye advocates for Ameri-
can liberty vrouse up. and espouse the cau<o of humanity
and general liberty, iieara tt^timony agamst a vice which
degrades human nature, and dissolves that umveisal tie of
benevolence which should connect all the children ofiflcn
together m one gioat family. The plant of liberty is of so
tender a nature that it cannot thrice long 111 the neighbor-
hood of slavery. Itemember, the eye* of all Europe aie
lixed upon \ou, to pre-eive an asylum for freedom in this
country, after the la^t piliaia ot it are tallen m every other
quditer of the globe.
But chiefly, ye ministers of the Gospel, whose domin-
ion over the principles and actions of men is so universally
acknowledged and felt; ye who estimate the woith of your
fdlow-creaiuies by their immortality, and therefore must
look upon all mankind as cq'uuN, let your zeal keep pace
with your opportunities to put a stop to slavery. While you
enforce the duties ot 'tithe and cummin,' ncglect not the
weightier laws of justice and humanity. Slavery is a hy-
dra sin, and includes in it every violation of the precepts
of the iaw and the Gospel. In vain will you command your
flocks to offer up the incense of faith and charity, while they
continue to mingle the sweat and blood of negro slaves with
their sacrifices."
To our conscientious and devoted clergymen,
who, for following too closely the precepts and
injunctions of their Divine Master, have been
showered with torrents of abuse by demagogues
and blackguards, these earnest words of a true
patriot and a sincere Christian bear healing in
theit wings.
Dr. Franklin, in 1790, but two years subse-
quent to the adoption of the Constitution, in the
name and behalf of the Pennsylvania Society for
Promoting the Abolition of Slavery, prepared a
memorial to the Congress of the United States,
in which he used the following language:
" From a persuasion that equal liberty was originally the
portion and is still thebirthright of all men, and influenced
by the strong ties ot humanity and the principles of their
institution, your memorialists conceive themselves bound
to use alt justifiable efcdeavois to loosen the bonds ot sla-
very, and promote a general enjoyment of the blessing" of
freedom. Under these impressions, they earnestly entreat
your attention to the subject ot slavery ; that you will be
pleased to countenance the restoration to hbcity ot those
unhappy men, who alone, in this land of freedom, arc de-
graded into perpetual bondage; and who, amid the general
joy ol'&uriounding trcemen, are gioamng in servile subjec-
tion; that you will devise means for lemuving this incon-
sistency of character from the American people; that you
will promote mercy and justice—"
New Series—No. 23.
Judge Taney says everybody believed that sla-
very was justice—
" towards this distressed race; and that you will step to
the very verge of the power vested in you for discouraging
every species ot traffic in the persons ot our fellow-men."
It is not a little strange that Dr. Franklin and
his associates should have been so ignorant of the
Constitution, and what it was macle for, and of
the sentiment of the times, as not to have known
that it was intended to rccognize and perpetuate
human slavery, and that, in point of fact, it re-
garded slaves as property, and incapable of being
made citizens by any power m the country. In-
stead of knowing the facts now asserted by Judge
Taney as the basis of a judicial decision, they
even supposed—so friendly, in their view, was
that instrument to liberty—that Congress might
in some way " countenance" the abolition of sla-
very.
That Virginia was in no wise behind Pennsyl-
vania in her desire for the abolition of slavery, in
her sense of its injustice, and in her advocacy of
the rights of human nature, is of common knowl-
edge, derived from the citations so often made
from the writings of Washington, Jefferson, Mad-
ison, Patrick Henry, Tucker, Wythe, indeed, of
all her great names of the revolutionary period.
I need not quote them. But I will read a brief
cxtract, not so well known, from an address pub-
lished in the Virginia Gazettee in 17G7:
" Now, as freedom is unquestionably the birthright of all.
mankind, Afucan* as well as Etnopeans, to keep the for-
mer in a state of slavery is a constant violation of that
right, and thciefore of justice."
And yet the opinion was "universal" that
Africans had no rights !
* But, sir, to remove all foundation for the argu-
ment raised by Chief Justice Taney, and to prove
affirmatively and beyond doubt that the framers
of the Constitution could not have been influenced
j by such opinions and purposes as he has ascribed
i to them, I refer to an act of the Virginia Legis-
j laturc, in 1783—(Hcning's Statutes, volume %
j page 332)—for a knowledge of which I am m-
I debted to the able and very admirable oration of
j Mr. George Sumner, delivered before the author-
; ities of Boston, on the 4th of July, 1859—which
] repeals the law of 1779, limiting citizenship to
| whites, and enacts:
J " That all free persons born within the territory of thl3
! Commonwealth shall be deemed citizena of tins Common-
i wealth."
I Had the Chief Justice never heard that in his
! native State of Maryland there were very decided
1 opinions m regard to the wrongfulness and inex-
• pediency of slavery at and before the formation of
the Constitution ? Can he believe that the people
of that State undei stood that they had, so far as
their own vote was concerned, adopted a funda-
mental law for the Union which stamped the
African with an incapacity to become a citizen;
that looked upon him as a proper and rightful
subject of merchandise? Under what hallucina-
tion was he suffering, that he could assert that it
was, in Maryland as well as in the other States,
an axiom in morals and politics that the ncgio
might be justly reduced to slavery, when he must
have known that, the very next year after the
adoption of the Constitution, an abolition society
was organized in that State, the result of the dis-
cussions which for years had taken place in her
Legislature, and of such opinions as had been
expressed by Pinkney, Martin,and otheis of her
influential and distinguished citizens? Mr. Pink-
ney had warned them " that slavery would work
| a decay of the spmtof liberty in the free States,"
| and that, "by the eternal principles of natural
! justice, no master in the State has a right to hold
i ins slave in bondage a single hour."
Luther Martin said, in 1787;
"Slavery is inconsistent with the genius of republican-
ism, and has a tendency to destroy those principles on
which it is suppoited, as n lessens the sense of the equal
rights of mankind and habituates us to tyranny and oppies-
sion."
But it would be an endless task to reproduce
even a tithe of the evidence that might be relied
upon to sustain the assertion that Judge Taney
has wholly misunderstood or misrepresented the
opinions and sentiments which were influential
and controlling with the members of the consti-
tutional convention. Massachusetts had already
abolished slavery; the testimony of her great men.
the Adamses and others, was against the
iniquity. It had no defenders in all New Eng-
land. Indeed, I hazard nothing in saying that
the opinion was general,and all but universal, *
from the St. Croix to the St. Mary, against 'the
postulates of the Chief Ju&tice. * - - • ?
Inasmuch as some reliance has been plaeed by
the court upon what is assumed to h&ve been the
public opinion of Europe upon this ques'tioftof
slavery, it will not be out of plaee-to give a few
extracts from the writings of some of her greatest
minds.
Lord Mansfield, in 1777, in an opinion which
declared the law of England, said; !-
" The state of slavery is of such a nature that it is incapa-
ble of being introduced on any reasons, moral or political,
but only by positive law, which preserves its force long
after the reasons, occasion, and time itself, whence it was
created, are erased from the memory. It is so odious that
nothing can support it but positive law. Whatever in-
conveniences, therefore, may follow from the decision, I
cannot say this case (Soininerset's) is allowed or approved
by the law of England, and therefore the black must b£
discharged."
John Locke wrote:
" Slavery is so vile, so miserable a state of man, and so
directly opposite to the generous temper and courage of
our nation, that it is hard to be convinced that an English-
man, much less a gentleman, should plead for it."
Charles James Fox, the early and true friend
of America, the large-hearted and the-wise said5:
" With regard to a regulation of slavery, my detestation
of its existence induces me to know no such thingiasa
regulation of robbery a nd a restriction of murder. Personal
freedom is a right of which lie who deprives his'feljow-
creatureis criminal in so depriving; and he who withholds
is no less criminal in withholding."
Edmund Buikc declared:
"That slavery is a state so improper, so degrading, and
so ruinous to the feelings and capacities of human nature,
that it ought not to be suffered to exist."
Montesquieu, among Frenchmen, wrote:
" It is impossible for us to suppose these creatures to be
men; because, allowing them to be men, a suspicion would
follow that we ouiseives are not Christians."
Again:
" In democracies, where they are all upon an equality,
slavery is contrary to the principles of the -Constitution."
Lafayette said:
"I would never have drawn my sword'fn the'cause of
America, if I could have conceived that thereby I was
founding a land of slavery." <•.
But enough, and more than enough, of these
authorities. I submit that they overthrow, beyond
controversy, the historical statements and propo-
sitions of the Chief Justice.
II. While the propositions which I have been
considering are undoubtedly those upon which the
decision was intended to rest, it is manifest that
they harmonize with, and derive aid front, the' po-
litical philosophy of Mr. Galhoun, Mr. McDumef^
and others of that school, which teaches that
Governments founded on the idea of universal
liberty are radically false, and- necessarily inse*
cure; that a pure democracy, or a Republic rest-
ing upon universal suffrage, must be a practical
impossibility; and that fche only true and stable
Government is that which recognizes and provides
for the existence of classes among the people over
] whom it extends. The theory is, that Gavern-
i ments can securely rest only on the intelligence
; and virtue of those who govern, and that it is idle
| to expect that the requisite intelligence for-the
wise exercise of the power of selecting rulers and
making laws can be found among the classes who
perform the physical- labor of a country; that
such as,from their position and cireumsLaneesin
life, are obliged to labor daily in the field or shop,
or elsewhere, cannot find time to inform them-
selves in respect to the facts necessary to be
known for the formation of correct opinions upon
questions of administration and policy; that they
can have no leisure for political inquiries, and for
the acquisition of the general knowledge indis-
pensable to a wise and judicious use of the elect-
ive franchise. Only those, we are told, who are
relieved from this necessity of daily labor by the
labor of subordinate andinferior classes,can prop-
erly understand the science of Government and
the wants of a nation, and be able to know the
persons who are wise and virtuous enough to
be intrusted with the duties of administration.
" Those who think must govern those who work,"
says this philosophy; and if it says truly, Mr. Cal-
houn's proposition, 4' that slavery is the corner-
