1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
775
ing privilege, and the Postmaster General assures
us that we save to the mail transportation of the
country $2,000,000. Abolish it, and we will cut
off the immense expenditures connected with the
printing of Congress. The public printing will
cease to be a corruption fund and the means of
plundering the Treasury of millions. As long
as the franking privilege i^ enjoyed by members
of Congress, just so long will the publication of
books be continued. I speak from the experience
of the past. Should this amendment of the Senate
fail, I shall introduce a separate bill for the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege; and when it comes
up for consideration, I shall ask the indulgence of
the House to give at length all the reasons why
this measure of reform ought to be adopted.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was taken on Mr. Dawes's amend-
ment; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I offer the following
amendment:
That from and after the 10th day of April next, the Sen-
ators of the United State-? be depuved of the franking priv-
ilege ; and that all lawn or pails- of laws inconsistent licie-
with be, arid the same are hereby, repealed.
[Laughter, and shouts of " Pass that."]
I offer the amendment in good faith. [Laugh-
ter.] I desire a vote upon it, and I ask gentlemen
who agree with me to vote upon it. I have no
respect for this attempt to abolish the franking
privilege. I have no confidence that gentlemen
are in earnest about it. I have no idea that the
Senate of the United States was in earnest when
it passed that amendment. I desire to test that
question, and therefore I desire that this amend-
ment should be adopted and sent to them for con-
sideration. Let us try the Senate, and see whether
it is really in favor of abolishing the franking priv-
ilege. They are the representatives of States. If
they desire to go into executive session forever,
to draw curtains around their acts, and to screen
their conduct from those they represent,let them
say so by passing the amendment i oiler.
Mr. LEAKE. I rise to a point of order. It is
out of order to reflect on the action or motives of
the Senate of the United States.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I am not doingso. I
am discussing the propriety of my amendment.
Mr. LEAKE. The gentleman is reflecting on
the Senate.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. The words that I used
imply no reflection, no imputation that is objec-
tionable.
The CHAIRMAN. The point of order raised
by the gentleman from Virginia is well taken;
but the Chair does not q^ite understand the re-
marks of the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. If the Senate desire
to shut out what they do from the people of the
United States, or from the several States which
they represent, I have no objection. It is a ques-
tion between them and their States. The people
will pass upon that conduct, and I am content to
leave its determination to them.
I have no objection that the Senators should
deprive themselves of the franking privilege. That
is a question peculiarly for their consideration.
But I object to their depriving my constituents of
the advantages which they derive from it. The
documents which they receive under this privi-
lege shall not be taken from them by my consent.
But if Senators desire to abolish the privilege, I I
have no disposition to prevent them from reliev-
ing themselves of this burden. Upon the same
principle, I have no objection to any member of
the House, if he chooses, disusing the franking
privilege. It a member thinks his constituents
will tolerate that he shall never send them news
or information of any kind, let linn not exercise
it; let him frank no documents; let him send no
books, speeches, orothorpublic documents to his
constituents, and ho will have a practical solution
of the question. I pledge my word for it, he will
never come here again as their Representative.
I unhesitatingly assure gentlemen that there is not
a man upon this floor—I care not what his popu-
larity may be—who could vote for this measure j
and in consequence ignore the existence of his j
constituents, who could ever be reelected. We j
arc the stewards of the people, and they will re- |
quire an account of our stewardship. They will 1
demand information from us of the management |
of their affairs. They will want to,know whether
we have reflected their will faithful) v or not. We
must never forget that we are servants, and not
masters. Gentlemen have in this debate objected
to the term, " instructing the people;" and I will
not use it in that sense; but I will say that the
people desire to know what we are doing here;
they want to know whether we are representing
them fairly and honestly, and with dignity and
ability; and I am for letting our constituents have
that" information." If other gentlemen wish to
abolish the franking privilege, to keep that "in-
formation" from them, they differ from me; and
whilst I will tolerate their opinions, I will oppose,
earnestly and manfully, their doctrines. The
people ought to know what we do, and hold us
responsible for it. Those only who fear that
responsibility and seek to shrink from it, should
deny the people this information.
The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Avert]
said that we could send our speeches to our con-
stituents, and pay the postage ourselves; that we
pay for the printing, and that it would cost only
twice as much to pay the postage upon them. Sir,
this might have some force if we sent only our
own speeches, and if speeches were our only post-
age. But we all know it is not so. We each have
a very heavy and extensive letter correspondence,
the expenses of which are to be added to the list,
and which the gentleman entirely omitted from
his estimate. The gentleman tells us that speeches
would only cost one cent postage. But he made
no estimate of our letter postage, at three cents
per letter; and of the heavy postage on books and
public documents, each of which would, at the
present rates, cost more than they would bring in
the market. He omits from his Jistall garden and
other seeds, cuttings of various kinds, and many
other things which, if this bill were to pass, we
would have to pay out of our salaries. And this,
then, would leave us the alternative either to send
no documents, or impoverish ourselves by the pay-
ment of postage.
Gentlemen talk about stopping the publication
of documents. This is a necessary sequence of
the abolition of the franking privilege; and I am
glad gentlemen have the manhood boldly to con-
less their intention. You abolish the franking
privilege, and then make that your pretext for
denying information to the people. Abolish the
franking privilege, and shut out light and knowl-
edge from the popple. The object is not concealed;
it is avowed and proclaimed in that argument.
Abolish the franking privilege, and you will soon
see the ax laid to the root of every means of in-
formation. Your agricultural branch of the Patent
Office will soon pass out of existence; the Patent
Office reports will be discontinued; the reports of
your exploring expeditions, your reports on the
finances, and your examinations of the habitsand
manners of other nations, will be permitted to
molder in oblivion. You have already-jcut off
the publication of the Congressional Globe; and
you would then have but one more step to take,
and that would be toclearthereportcrs'gallerics,
and you might bid constituents defiance. Not
even the most remote echo of your doings could
ever reach them. Our conduct, then, would be a
sealed book, which would only open to those who
had the secret of the magic cliarm.
1 am in favor of a continuance of the franking
privilege—not as a privilege to members of Con-
gress; for \ye all know it is not an advantage to
us as individuals. There is not a man of us who
does not pay more in a single month for the pur-
chase of documents than his private correspond-
ence would cost him in his whole term. I paid
more for documents since I became a member of
this House than the postage on my piivdtc < orie-
spondence would cost during my whole life, if I
should live to be a hundred years old. We have
all of us to pay hundreds upon hundreds of dol-
lars for the purchase of speeches and various other
documents, to send home to our constituents.
These things arc expected of us; and they are
right. It is due that we should inform our con-
stituents what we are doing, and what others are
doing upon this floor. I am therefore in favor of
continuing tins franking''privilege, "as it is called;
not as a privilege to me as a member, but because
it is a pnvilcge to the constituents whom I have
the honor to represent. I represent an agricul-
tural people who are deeply interested in all the
advancements in ngricuitural knowledge; and I
i cannot consent to abolish that bureau of the Patent
i Office which has charge of that branch of national
information. I cannot consent to discontinue
those national publications, in which are slored
so much valuable information. I cannot consent
to shut out my constituents from the knowledge
of the sayings and doings of our public men on
this floor. Yet these are the objects avowed by
the friends of the Senate-amendment. Gentlemen
tell us that our country newspapers will furnish
their readers with the information of all the peo-
ple care to know of the proce&lings of Congress.
1 ask gentlemen to consider now long it would
take a country newspaper to publish the speeches
delivered here this session I venture it could
not do it in several years. Yet this is the way
the people are to receive information. Everyargu-
ment comes back to the same point, and avows
the same purpose: it is, that we must abolish the
franking privilege, and, as a consequence, deprive
the people of information. I cannot consent to
this. I would much rather throw open the gates
of knowledge, and give a wider diffusion of inform-
ation and light. This Republic is based on the
virtue and intelligence of the people. Educate
the people, and the liberty of the nation and the
Union of the States is secure. I cannot discuss
this question in the paltry five minutes allowed
me by our rules. Even now I see the Chairman's
hammer is about to fall, and I must close.
Mr. SHERMAN. Iam opposed to the amend-
ment, for the obvious reason that I would make
no discrimination between a Senator and a Rep-
resentative. I desire, however, to appeal to tnc
committee to take a fair and square vote upon the
amendment of the gentleman from New York,
and upon the amendment of the Senate; let the
bill be reported to the House, and gentlemen <^n
then have a separate vote upon each of the Sen-
ate's amendments.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire to know what
has become of the amendment of the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes?]
Mr. SHERMAN. It has been voted down.
I was proceeding to say, that those who desire to
see the franking privilege abolished can have an
opportunity to express their opinion by a vote
upon the yeas and nays in the House; those who
desire to abolish the Post Office Department can
have an opportunity to express their opinions
upon it here in committee, upon the amendment
of the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Spinner.]
I appeal to gentlemen to come to a vote, and dis-
continue this debate.
The amendment offered by Mr. Montgomery
was disagreed to.
Mr. HILL. I desire to say a very few words
upon the subject of the amendment of the Senate.
I will move to insert in the amendment of the Sen-
ate, after the word " abolished," the following:
Except so far as concerns letters actually written by per-
sons now entitled to the frankm? privilege, and such public
documents and seeds as maybe furnished members of Con-
gress and head; of Departments by authority oflaw.
Mr. Chairman, it is manifest, and has been from
the first, that this amendment of the Senate, for
many reasons, will not be adopted by this House.
I am decidedly in favor of a curtailment of the
franking privilege. It ought to be done. There
are many flagrant abuses existing under it, in
many shapes. I stand here pledged to vote against
the publication of unnecessary works by this Gov-
ernment, and of necessary ones, in extravagant
numbers. I am not in the habit, nor have I been,
of voting for the purchase of seeds that are com-
mon to the country, and can be obtained in every
town. I am willing to withhold all appropriations
; for that purpose; hut whenever gentlemen wish
j to effect a reform in this direction, let Congress
| refuse to print these public documents; let them re*
fuse to purchase these seeds; and to allow speeches
and electioneering; documents to go free of postage;
and then your mails will notbe overladen m carry-
ing them to their places ofdestination; and thus you
will save the thousands and millions of dollars, of
which we have lately heard so much. '
But, sir, I wish to call the attention of the com-
mittee to one or two facts. The correspondence
of members of Congress with the Departments in
this city, would of itself be a matter of some mo-
ment, if they had to pay the postage upon all
such communications. We have, as every gen-
tleman knows, continually, correspondence with
them upon various subjects; and if this amend-
ment of the Senate be adopted, we should have to
pay postage upon all such correspondence, as well
