1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1795
not regard as a trespasser any person who had
been upon any property heretofore belonging to
the Government; in other words, releasing all the
damages. Nobody proposes to make the miners
in California liable for damages. When has it
been proposed to make those miners for whom
such appeals have been made—the poor miners
who have gone into the streams and into the
gulches, and in the water and in the mud, and
have dug out the gold—who has proposed to make
them trespassers? The Government has hereto-
fore acted with great liberality to them—unparal-
leled liberality. 1 undertake to say no other Gov-
ernment has done the same. We all know the
British Government in Australia has pursued a
very different policy; butour Government,on the
contrary, has opened these mines to everybody.
All have been allowed to enter and take and carry
away the gold. Nobody has proposed to make
them trespassers. It is not proposed now, nor
has it been proposed heretofore.
But, sir, 1 think the effect of this amendment
will haveaspecial operation on the property which
I have mentioned. It will have that operation on
that, at least,as well ason other property that has
been mined upon. Then we have the proviso:
"That nothing herein contained shall in any way affect
or impair the existing light" of any individual who may
claim lamls under any foieign grant oi title."
The chairman of the Committee on Public
Lands, my friend from Arkansas, [Mr. Johnsok,]
said the other day that that could have no effect;
that that was the law now; and so it would seem
tome. Yet, why is that proviso put in? Is it
intended, or if not intended, will not the effect of
it be to protect the claimants to the famous Ai-
maden mine m their possession, and to give them
a preference over anybody else who may enter
upon and undertake to work a mine? I think it
will. Like the chairman, at first! could not see
what the object of- the proviso was, because if
their titles be good, if they had a proper grant
front the Mexican Government before California
was ceded to the United States, that is already
provided for in the law; the title is a good one; it
cannot be affected by any proviso of this kind one
way or the other; but it seems to me, whether in-
tended so or not, the effect of the proviso will be
to protect these particular claimants. I am Op-
posed to all legislation of that kind . I do not see
any necessity at all for any of this legislation.
The people have had this privilege of going there.
If the law means what it is said it means, they
have the privilege now. They will acquire no
greater privilege than they have had heretofore.
They are not now regarded as trespassers; it is
not proposed to make them trespassers; and yet
the effect of this amendment, in my humble opin-
ion, will be to give the whole mineral lands in
California and Oregon to those States, or to the
people who may resort there for the purpose of
carrying on these operations, and more particu-
larly to vest the valuable property, to which I
have alluded, in a company that is carrying on j
litigation with the United States.
It may be said that the Government ought to
claim none of this mineral property; that true
policy requires that we should give it up. I see
no reason why property of that kind, estimated to
be worth at least yU),000,000. should be sui ren-
dered to these claimants, or any other persons who^
may go there and enter upon it lor the purpose ot
working it. Let it be disposed of tor the public
benefit. As to the other mines, let persons go
there as they have gone for years, and work them,
and make the most of them. Nobody proposes
to make them trespassers. They exercise these
privileges now. It is said usages prevail there
by which they are governed and regulated among
themselves. Let them remain. This docs not
alter that usage at all.
Mr. GWIN". The Senator from North Garo- ,
Una is very much mistaken if he says, anybody ,
has made any appeal for the poor miners of Cal-
ifornia. Sir, they are independent citizens. We j
ask for nothing but only that you will give them .
the same rights and privileges that you give to ,
others; in fact, we do not ask for them ha.f the j
privileges that are extended to settlers on other j
public lands of the United States. YQli Jl6115 I
disposing of the whole public domain of the Um- |
ted States, under a homestead bill, at extraoidi- j
nary low rates; and all that is asked is that Amer- j
ican citizens on the mining lands of California ■
shall have the privilege of remaining there until
there is future legislation in regard to the dispo-
sition of those mines, disposing of the title in fee.
They are now intruders under the law, and we
want them to be recognizcd as no intruders, as no
violators of the law. As the law stands on the
statute-book, they are intruders. So far as their
possession and working of the mines is concerned,
we want r.o law on the statute-book regarding
them as intruders.
As to disturbing these miners, I do not expect
they will be disturbed. They contribute too much
benefit on all sections of the country to fear any
attempt to disturb them, and it would be a dan-
gerous process; nobody intends to disturb them;
but we want them to have the right to proceed
with mining, according to the laws and usages
there recognized. The character of mining is
changing constantly. It was formerly placer dig-
gings and river diggings m beds of a river, and
now it is tunneling and quartz mining. We want
them to progress and keep up the supply of the
precious metals, by giving them a right to work
the mineral lands according to the mining law of
the locality, until the United States choose to dis-
pose of the subject. In regard to the mine^on
private claims, they are reserved, as they have
heretofore been reserved, always in the legislation
of Congress, for the courts to decide to whom the
property belongs, and to whom the mines beloir
ia vfQortrntinn Thf> nnlv flliostion i
'fhat is the reservation. The only question of
any consequence to the people of California is,
that they shall not be considered as intruders when
you are legislating on this whole subject. If the
homestead bill had not come up, this question
w%uld not have been brought in. Here was a bill
providing for the disposition of all the public
lands, embracing a policy that covcrcd the whole
of the public domain of the United States. There
are hundreds of thousands of American citizens
who are to be excluded altogether from the oper-
ations of the bill. We want to make it uniform,
at least so far as legalizing the possession of the
miners, and which has been heretofore recognized,
is concerned.
Mr. WADE. I hope, sir, that we shall vote
on this subject. I believe that this amendment is
thoroughly understood by everybody, as much as
it ever will be. I should like to have a vote on it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the adoption of the amendmentas amended.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I want to make an in-
quiry of the Senator from California, whether
taxes are imposed by that State on miners, as
such. • ,
Mr. GWIN. There is a poll tax on all the
citizens of the State. _
Mr. CRITTENDEN. None for the privilege
of mining?
Mr. GWIN. I think not. My colleague
knows better than I do.
Mr. LATHAM. There is not.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I have heard that the
Chinese were subjected to a heavy tax.
Mr. LATHAM. All foreigners are.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Is it supposed that this
provision would interfere at all with the exercise
of the right of the State to tax the mining lands?
Mr. LATHAM. No, sir.
Mr. TOOMBS. I do not like this amendment.
I am perfectly willing to give these mines to the
State of California. I am satisfied we cannot
manage the question. The time has passed to
put tiie mines in California under the operation
of private rights, under the general land taws.
You lost that opportunity many years ago. The
case is exceptional, and therefore 1 will make an
exceptional system for it. I am willing to grant
them to California. They are. really kept now
like the fisheries on the banks of ^Newfoundland.
Everybody trees and gets what he pleases and
carries it away and sells it, and we have not
power to prevent it, even now, after the lapse ot
twelve years. Thousands and tens of thousands
of people have gone there. Very important inter-
ests have grown up by the neglect of this Gov-
ernment. Rights have grown up—important
rights, valuable rights—and now this Govern-
ment cannot work it at all; and I tun perfectly
content to pass an amendment to this bill; except
the whole mining property from it, and then I am
willing to go further and give the whole of it to
the local authorities, who can best manage it; but
I do not like this provision.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll on the
amendment to the amendment.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am paired off ®n this
question with the Senator from Maryland, [Mr.
Pearce.1
Mr. CLARK. I am paired off on this ques-
tion with the Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. Sli-
dell.]
Mr. FOOT. I think it proper to state that I
have paired off on this bill, and all questions con-
nected with it, with the absent Senator from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Green.]
Mr. SIMMONS I have paired off on all ques-
tions connected with this bill with the Senator
from Kentucky, [Mr. Powell.]
Mr. TOOMBS. I have paired off with the gen-
tleman from New Jersey, [Mr. Ten Eyck.]
The result was announced—yeas 9, nays 33;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Fitch, Gwin, Iverson, Lane, Latham,
Polk, Rice, Wilkinson, and Yutee—9.
NAYS—Messrs. Bingham, Bragg, Bright, Brown,Chand-
ler, Chesnut, Clay, Collamer, Crittenden, Davis, Dixon,
Dooiittle, Durliee, Fitzpatrlck, Fostei, Grimes, Hamlin,
Hammond, Harlan, Hemphill, Hunter, Johnson ofTennes-
see, Kennedy, King, Mason. Nicholson, Sebastian, Sew-
ard, Sumnei, Trumbull, Wade, Wigfai], and Wilson—33.
So the amendment was rejected."
Mr. WADE. I now make the same motion
that I made before, which was not in order, on
account of the amendment we have just voted on
being pending. It is, to strike out all of the bill
reported by the committee after the enacting
clause, and insert, as a substitute, the bill of the
House as it came to this body. I much prefer
the House bill to this bill. It is a more liberal
bill. But I am not about to argue it; for I sup-
pose that the differences between the two bills are
well understood by the Senate, and I am exceed-
ingly anxious to finish this matter to-day, if it ia
possible; and therefore I forbear making any re-
marks on this motion.
Mr. BROWN Before that is done, I propose
to perfect the bill of the Senate by two or three
amendments, which are rather verbal than other-
wise. I propose, m line fifteen, section one, to
amend by inserting after the word " section the
words "or other subdivision." It is known to
everybody from the land States, that there are sub-
divisions ofland other than quarter sections. There
are eighths and sixteenths, and there are lots ad-
joining rivers which do not contain the full quan-
tity of a quarter section. I have shown this amend-
ment to the committee and they have agreed to it.
It is merely verbal. It docs not affect the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Mississippi.
Mr WADE. I have no objection to it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. There is no
objection to that. .
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. It is all right.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BROWN. In line thirty-one, of.section
one, between the words "they" and "has," I
propose to insert: " that is to say, some memoer
or members of the same family;" so that it will
read: . . .
Shall prove by two credible witnesses that he, she, or
they, that is to say, some member or members of the same
family, has or have erected a dwelling house upon said land,
and continued to ie*ide upon and cultivate the same forth®
teim of five years, &c.
The head of a family may have settled upon a
piece of land and die himself before the cxpiia-
tion of the five years, and leave a family after Imp;
and I desire that the residue of the family may, m
such a case, at the expiration of the five years,
secure all the rights conferred bythis bill. To
that I suppose there will be no objection.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The object is
a good one. I see no objection to it at all.
Mr. WADE. There is no objection to it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BROWN. Then in section six, line two,
after the word "permitted," I propose to strike
out the words "to make more than one entry,
and insert: "to enter more than one hundred and
sixty acres, and that in a compact body; kut en-
tries may be made at different times.' I wiureaa
the section, so that Senators will understand what
I mean. The language now is, that
No individual shall be permitted to make more than one
I propose to strike that out, so that it will read.
No individual shall be permitted to enter more tliau one
