2740
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
• Mr. PUGH. I shall wait until that is disposed
Gf,
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. My motion is
in order now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Then I claim
the attention of the Senate for a momentin regard
to the amendment which has been adopted, giving
a few-States $1,600,000. There is no question
that the whole of those debts, on which this ap-
propriation is now based, were once paid. There
js no question of the fact that when the money
was paid it was paid with interest, according to
the calculation made at that day. There is no
question, either, of the fact that when that settle-
ment was adjudicated in that way, and demanded
of Congress; it was by the Representatives of
those very States that now come here through
theiragentsand ask for this appropriation. These
considerations all present themselves to the se-
rious reflection of the Senate in connection with
this matter, or else I cannot understand anything
in regard to it. Let them, iu their own limits,
collect the amount of taxation whieh they may
need, and not come here after money has been
collected off all the people of the United States
to take it from the general Treasury, and obtain
it for themselves through the aid and assistance
of lobby agents.
Yesterday the Senate was full; yesterday this
question was debated ably and af full length, and
upon a very full vote the claim was rejected.
After it was rejected under those circumstances,
the same proposition is now presented, and it is
carried by a much less vote than was then given.
I cannot but think that when the voice of the
Senate has been once expressed, legitimately and
properly, on a full vote and on full consideration
of tne whole: subject, it ought to stand, and a mi-
nority of the whole body ought not afterwards,
in a thinner Senate, to overrule the decision of
the whole body. I cannot believe that those Sen-
ators who have thus succeeded in thrusting it on
the appropriation bill, can, with fair consistency
and regard IV themselves, refuse to wait until
such time as the Senate is full again before taking
the final vote on this proposition.
It is under these circumstances that I protest
against its passage now. 1 voted for the Amend-
ment with thedistinct purpose of moving a recon-
sideration, and asking that the voice of the body
shall be given in a full Senate again,as it was once
before, to see whether they have really changed
theiropmion or not. The last vote does not really
show achange of opinion on the part of the Senate.
Those in favor of the appropriation are here upon
the ground, but some of those who are opposed
to itare not here. I know of only one single sol-
itary change. If there are more changes than
one, let it be shown by another vote, before
$1,600,000 are taken out of the general Treasury
of the people and given to States who claim to be
sovereign, able to tax themselves and support
themselves, and who ought not to thrust their sov-
ereignty upon the Treasury of the United States
for support.
I do not think you will find five members from
those States which arc interested in it who did
not vote for the measure. The interests of aeon-
stituency may almost unconsciously influence a
representative, who will be unwilling to be re-
proached at home for abandoning the rights and
interests of his State. But I appeal to gentlemen
who have voted for the proposition, and placed it
upon this appropriation bill, that they allow the
Senate to adjourn to-day, so that we may have
afull Senate to-morrow, and then let the question
be decided. Certain it is, that when forty-nine
votes were cast, this proposition was rejected by
a majority of four. Now, with a smaller aggre-
gate vote, it is carried by a large majority.
Mr. BRAGG. The vote before was 29 to 25—
54 altogother.
Mr. JOHNSON,ofArkansas. Fifty-fourvotes
were cast upon it before—wanting" only a very
few of being the whole vote of the Senate of the
United States. The vote now cast, as I am told
by the clerks, is 28 to 17—45 altogether. This
is tjje vote granting this money to a few of the old
States, that iiave hitherto been so proud as almost
to cl^im independence of this Government.
Mr. U Senator will allow me
one moment, i will state that if the voto had been
cast yesterday that was cast to-day, tho amend-
ment would have been carried yesterday. There
are twenty-eight votes for it now. That would
be a majority of fifty-four, which was the entire
vote yesterday. It has got twenty-eight to-day,
out of a total vote of forty-five.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Ithas had 5 then,
an accession of four votes; and who can say that
the negative vote might not be increased also? I
do not believe this proposition ought to be allowed
to pass in this way, and I hope and trust that this
or any other mere omnibus bill that may be got up
here,involving the interests of a number of States,
will not be permitted to be pushed through in this
way. When it was voted down before, 1 thought
it was closed forever, or I believed that if it was
not closed forever, it would not be put upon the
bill, unless there was a distinct expression of
opinion on the part of afull Senate in favor of it;
and then, of course, we should have nothing more
to say, but should have to submit.
This matter should have been presented as a
private claim in aseparate bill,and take its chance
with all the others that claim the attention of the
Senate. But the interests of States overshadow
those of an individual. A private claim may involve
the destiny of an individual in the Republic itself;
but a point of order is very glibly made and sus-
tained against the weak, whilst the great powers
of the States can load down the appropriation
bills. The rules of order prevent our putting upon
the appropriation bills a private claim; and 1 think
the principle of the rule equally excludes this
amendment. These claims have been paid to a
certain extent; and paid according to a settlement
which was satisfactory to them at the time. I do
not believe it is just to reopen them now. I do
not feel that it is right. I trust that those who
have supported this measure under these circum-
stances will permit a vote of a full Senate upon
if, and then, if the deed be done, all that is left
for those who do not agree to it is to submit; they
have no power longer to prevent it, and they must
yield. J am utterly opposed to this repetition,
taking two chances, when the proposition has
once been repudiated by a full Senate. For what
purpose is it to be done ? I understand it is said
that Virginia claims nothing for the John Brown
raid. Very well; I do not care whether she does
or not.
Mr. HUNTER. I am not aware that any rep-
resentative of Virginia has claimed anything for
Virginia on account of the John Brown raid.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The Senator
is entirely correct; I have not heard any repre-
sentative of Virginia say so. 1 make no such
charge as that; and if I could have been under-
stood to mean that such a declaration had been
made by any one from that State on this floor, of
course, I take great pleasure in correcting it and
excluding the possibility of any such belief. I
have, however, heard a rumor of that sort afloat,
and it was to that simply that I alluded. The
million claimed by Virginia is as justly due to her
as the $15,000 or §20,000 that may be claimed by
some other State. However, 1 shall not speak
any more of the merits of the case. I only ask
that we may be permitted to have a vote take* on
this question again in a full Senate.
Mr. IVERSON. Mr. President, I do not pro-
pose to make a speech in reply to the very impas-
sioned speech which the Senator fiom Arkansas
has made. I do not think there is any good reason
for any passion in the matter. I certainly have
no feeling. So far as my own State is concerned,
as I said on the day before yesterday, it is a very
smaR matter, and it is doubtful whether she is
entitled to anything at all. It does not weigh with
me a feather. But the Senator says that these
settlements have long since been made and ac-
cording to the computation of interest that was in
practice at that day, and they ought not to be re-
opened; yet, in the next breath, he says that this
is a debt due to Virginia. It is only due because
of an improper calculation.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. That I said
what?
Mr. IVERSON. That this large sum was due
to Virginia.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I did not say
so.
Mr. IVERSON. I understood you to say so.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I do not think
you will find it reported in that way, if I under-
stand myself.
Mr. IVERSON. But, sir, the Senator is mis-
taken, and a number of other Senators are mis-
taken, about their being old settlements. To be
sure, they were settlements for advances made in
the war of 1812; but, in looking at the statutes,
you will find that no statute was passed allowing
interest to the States on advances until 1825. That
was the first statute passed in the case of Virginia;
and then they are found to be scattered along the
statute-book from that time on. None of these
settlements were made prior to 1830. Most of
them have been made since 1840; and how were
they made? Made by the General Government,
having the power in its hands, and the States
could not help themselves. South Carolina, as I
said the day before yesterday, entered a protest
in writing at the time the first settlement was
made. Only a few years ago her settlement was
made, and she entered a protest in writing against
the manner in which the Government made the
settlement. She insisted that the computation was
not a legal and just one, and entered her protest
in writing against it; but what could she do ? She
had no power. The General Government, the
officers of the Treasury, were omnipotent; and
they settled it according to their own notions of
propriety, and South Carolina had no means of
appeal except by coming to Congress, which she
has done.
The Senator says this is brought forward in
obedience to lobby agents. The Senator is mis-
taken. The States have agents here, but they
have been appointed by the States themselves.
For instance: South Carolina passed a resolution,
through her State Legislature, authorizing the
Governor to appoint an agent to be sent on here
to prosecute this claim. Virginia has done the
same thing. Sovereign States have spoken, not
through their lobby agents, but through their
regularly appointed agents, sent here by their
governments to present their just claims to this
Government, and to ask for settlement.
If it is a just debt, I ask,why not pay it? Why
not pay it m this form, as well as in any other?
Although I am not particularly interested for my
State, 1 do feel some interest tor the Old Domin-
ion. Sit, if this debt is due to her, you can never
find a better time to pay it to her than the present.
She has paid out, as I am informed, $380,000, re-
cently, in sustaining her honor, and vindicating
her rights from the attack of John Brown and his
confederates—and she has a much larger sum,
even, than that to pay, I understand. The proba-
bility is that the amount she will have to pay will
not be less than §500,000; perhaps a larger sum
than that. If this debt is due to her; if it is a mat-
ter of justice, could you ever find a better time to
do justice to that State, or any of the other States,
than the present time?
Now, sir, in relation to the fact that this vote
has been taken this afternoon, when the Senate
was not full, the Senator does not know as much
about that, perhaps, as I do. Let us look at the
condition of things. The day before yesterday
fifty-four votes were cast on this question. To-
day there have been forty-fivfe votes, and there
are six paired, making fifty-one in all; and that is
within three of the number of votes cast the day
before yesterday.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Were there any
paiis yesterday ?
Mr. IVERSON. There were none, that I am
aware of, the day before yesterday.
Sir, I am not afraid to take this question in
open, full Senate. There is no doubt about the
adoption of this provision. It is just and true,
and ought to be passed. The debts ought to be
paid; and the only reason why gentlemen oppose
this, as it seems to me, is because of the amount,
not because they consider it unjust; not because
they do not understand the question. It is a
question that a very child can understand; it does
not require a thimbleful of sense to understand it;
and I am sure that " grave, reverend, and potent
segniors5,and Senators cannot have any difficulty
in understanding it. It is well understood; and as
I said the other day, the only reason why gentle-
men seem so anxious to stave off this question and
defeat it is because it is a large amount and they
do no want to pay it. Now, is that a just and
fair argument? A man owes a debt. At the time
it is due, the creditor comes and says: " Sir, here
is your promissory n®tc for $1,000, and I want
you to pay it;"and the answer is, " it is a large
