776
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
as upon every letter written by us upon the busi-
ness o'f our constituents. The correspondence of
committees of this House with the Departments
would, I suppose, be taxed upon the chairmen of
such committees. *
I concur with the gentleman from Pennsylvania
011 my left, that the Senate ought not to have ex-
pected us, in this sudden and unexpected manner,
to work out so radical a reform as the one pro-
posed. I, at the prijper time, would go as far as,
in my judgment, it would be proper, to limit the
franking privilege. I would go for limiting it to
letters actually written by the President and Vice
President, members of Congress, and heads of
Departments; and I would attach to such a bill
penalties for the violation of the franking privi-
lege such as would effectually prevent all abuses
hereafter.
This I regard as a work important to be accom-
plished; but it is a matter so grave in its nature,
that, in my judgment, it never should have been
sprung suddenly upon us in an appropriation bill,
and especially 111 an exigency like this bill, de-
manding immediate action on the part of both
Houses.
It is objected here by the friends of the amend-
ment that if we fail to pass it now, we will never
touch it again this session; that if a bill is reported
here, it will'be buried in the Committee of the
Whole 011 the state of the Union, never to be
called up. Now, if there is a majority of the
Senate in favor of this reform, what prevents that
body from introducing and passing a bill more
extended and more complete than this amend-
ment, and sending it to this House for its action ?
Tl |' subject surely is worthy of this much con-
sideration. Therefore, sir, while I am sure that
the amendment will be rejected in this House,
coming as it does before us in this appropriation
bill, 1 hope that the Senate will, in that event,
prepare a more liberal measure of reform, more
perfect than the one which lias been sent us in
this amendment; one more elaborate, and reserv-
ing to members of Congress, and others entitled
to the franking privilege, the right of franking, at
least, what they themselves write. 1 trust'my
amendment may prevail, and save us (lie trouble
of future legislation 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I oppose the
amendment, and ask for a vole.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. COX. i move to strike out the last line ot
the amendment.
Mr. Chairman, I think if members would con-
sult some of the records made here, that there
would be less exaggeration in reference to this
matter. We send books throughout the country
which we ourselves do not sufficiently examine
or understand. There have been statements made
here about which many of our constituents run
instruct and correct us. To do it requires a very
little examination of our lvpoits.
I think the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Pity or] argued that if the franking privilege were
abolished, there would be struck lrom the ex-
penditures of the Government many millions, in
consequence of the expense connected with the
public punting. This whole printing .subject has
been grossly exaggerated. If gentlemen will ex-
amine the able report of Mr. Bowman, the former
intelligent and honest Superintendent of Public
Printing, they will find that, instead of four or
live million dollars bein? expended annually for
printing, there has only been that amount ex-
pended from the year 185:2 down to the present
time. The great bulk of this expenditure con-
sists not so much ill printing as in lithographing,
cloctrotyping, and engraving illustrations for the
railroad and other books that we have published.
The evil connected with these expenses lias long
since been greatly reduced, if not altogether cut
oft, by the legitimate action of this House in the
Thirty-Fifth Congress. That, sir, is the way to
reform and retrench; by a straight blow at the evil
complained of, not by a side blow at an alleged
abuse of another subject. Therefore, I say that
it is not a valid argument, against this franking
privilege, that the printing is such an enormous
expense to the Government. There may be argu-
ments against it which are valid. This is ncitonc
of them. It is neither the enormous expense of
printing at present complained of; nor is this the
way to retrench it, if it were.
Mr. Chairman, I will refer to the report of the
Superintendent of Public Printing, made Decem-
ber, 1858. On page 35 will be found a recapitu-
lation of all the expenses of printing, binding,
engraving, &c., since 1852:
Recapitulation of the cost of "public printing,, binding, <ยง-c.,
from the passage of the printing act of 1859 to December,
1858:
Printing for Congress ...   $1,033,600 73
Printing for Executive Departments,..,.... 291,068 35
1,394,669 03
Printing paper $1,543,495 61
Paper for Post Office blanks.*.. 195,902 39
Writing paper  80,794 26
Plate paper  116,849 59
Map paper  68,318 47
  2,005,990 32
Binding Congress documents, (extra num-
bers,)   776,360 95
Engraving, lithographing, &c  892,139 59
In six years, in ail $4,998,459 94
From which facts, it will appear how grossly
the printing* expense is exaggerated. Something
over a million in six years for printing for Con-
gress. The greater part of this was daring the
Thirty-Second,Thirty-Third, and Thirty-Fourth
Congresses. The gross amount paid annually
the past three years, is not equal even to the
profits which arc so conspicuously rumored. The
amount of five million above, is mostly made up
of electrotyping, engraving, and lithographing; of
books, which are not properly the province of
the Federal Government to print. These are now
cut off. In the second session of the Thirty-
Third Congress, these items alono were some
foui hundred and fifty thousand dollars !
What, Mr. Chairman, is the inference to be
drawn from those facts? Why, that the proper
place to commence this reform as to printing, if
it he needed, is in the printing ordered by this
House. I say that the Democrats of this 1-iousc,
aided by many gentlemen of the other side, com-
menced this reform here during the lastCongress,
when they struck down the printing of these
books which do not fall legitimately within the
province of the Federal Government to publish.
There, sir, is where the saving should bo made.
1 will add one more word, moio directly to the
point. If the franking privilege were abolished
to-day, do you believe that there would bo a re-
duction of live per cent, upon the present contract
pnees for carrying the mails ? Many of these con-
tracts do not expire for three years, and 
[Here the hammer foil.]
Mr. KE1TT. Mr. Chairman, I assume that
the Senate sent their amendments here in good
faith, and acting upon them in good faith, I will
decide whether or not they are wise and politic,
i agree with the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cox]
that it may be proper to extend the reform pro-
posed by the Senate to the printing. That, how-
ever, is not before us. The simple question, as
I understand it, is the abolition of the franking
privilege. Let us look at the case as it practi-
cally presents itself. The Postmaster General, 1
understand, affirms and declares that the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege will lead to econ-
omy in the public expenditures to the amount of
#1,800,000. That, I beheve, is conceded on all
sides to be true. On the other hand, it is said
that the benefits which result from the franking
privilege more than overbalance this expenditure
of the public money. If that true, then the
argument"is upon the other side. Upon what do
they rest? With a felicity of diction which you
do not often find, we are said one moment to be
in executive session, in another to be despotic,
and m another to bo shutting out the public mind
fiom a knowledge of our pioocedings. Is that the
case ? What speech has been made in this House
and circulated, that was not first sent out m the
newspapers to the country ? Sow, I know, were
not published in the newspapers, and perhaps it
was right that they were not. You now propose
to establish a rivalry to the newspapers.
The telegraphic wires carrying such multitu-
dinous intelligence upon every topic, in nine cases
out of ten, prevent the perusal of speeches, unless
they arc those of leading men. Now, if we are
really shutting out the public intelligence from our
action hero, I would be willing to concede fall force
to these arguments; but I deny the fact. The
newspapers give all the intelligence of our action
which is really disseminated.
* Again: what do members send to their constit-
uents ? Speeches on their own sides. I venture
to say that no member here sends speeches on any
greatparty question to his constituents unless they
are on his side, or are intended to inflame the pas-
sions of the people. I venture to say here that no
man has sent away a speech, usually called pa-
triotic, for any purpose of enlightening the public
mind. I am well aware that speeches have been
subscribed for upon all sides; but for a very dif-
ferent purpose than the disbursement of light;
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the committee do now rise. [Cries of "No!"
" No !"] It is evident that wc shall not come to
any conclusion to-day upon this amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust that a vote will be
taken upon the amendment before the committee
rises.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. For the pur-
pose of testing the sense of the committee, I will
move that the committee rise and report -the bill
to the House.
Mr. SHERMAN. That cannot be done, be-
cause there is a pending amendment. If the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Spinner] will with-
draw his amendment, the motion will be in order.
Mr. SPINNER. I desire a vote upon it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If it is
thought that we can get through with the bill
to-night, I will withdraw my motion.
Mr. WOODSON. I desire to offer an amend-
ment.
The CHAIRMAN. That will not be in order
at this time.
Mr. WOODSON. If it is the intention of the
committee now to take a vote upon the Senate
amendment, I will not insist upon offering an
amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is upon the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio to the
amendment.
Mr. COX. I withdraw my amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The question recurs upon
the amendment of the gentleman from New York.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That is con-
trary to what I considered the understanding to
be when 1 withdrew my motion that the commit-
tee rise.
Mr. MORRILL. I propose to amend the Sen-
ate amendment by striking out the words " 1st of
April, 1860," and inserting " 1st day of March,
1899."
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state that
the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Woodson]
had the floor, but yielded it under the expectation
that the committee would vote upon the Senate's
amendment. If amendments are to be proposed,
the Chair will feel bound to recognize the gentle-
man from Missouri.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I under-
stood we were to have a vote; and, under that
understanding, I withdrew the motion that the
committee rise.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Mis-
souri indicated his purpose to offer an amend-
ment, bat he gave way for a vote.
Mr. WOODSON. 1 will move now that the
committee rise, and report the bill to the House.*
The CHAIRMAN. While the amendment of
the gentleman from New York is pending, that
motion is not in order.
Mr. WOODSON. Let a vote bo taken upon
that amendment, and then I will submit my mo-
tion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think I can indicate a
course which will accomplish the wish of the
committee. I will, in the House, give the gentle-
man from New York an opportunity to offer his
amendment before I call the previous question,
and thereby give him a vote upon it in the
House.
Mr. SPINNER. With that understanding, I
withdraw my amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move that the com-
mittee rise, and report the bill to the House.
Mr. CURRY. I desire to say that I shall not
assent to any such arrangement as that.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair desires to state
that if the gentleman from Missouri proposes to
amend the amendment, he is entitled to the floor.
If not, the Chair must recognize the gentleman
