1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
777
from Vermont, unless die suggestion be concurred
in unanimously by the committee, that the com-
mittee rise, and report the bill to the House, with
a recommendation that it do pass.
Mr, MORRILL. If it seems to be the senti-
ment of the House that we should now have a
vote, I will forego any remarks I have to make.
[Cries of" Vote!" "Vote!"]
Mr, SHERMAN. The motion I made is not
debatable.
The CHAIRMAN. There has been no vote
yet upon the amendment of the Senate.
Mr, SHERMAN. Let a vote be taken upon
that amendment, and then upon my motion.
The question was taken; and the amendment
of the Senate was non-concurred in.
Mr. Sherman's motion was then agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Grow reported that the
Committee of the Wholeonthe state of the Union
had, according to order,had the Union generally
under consideration, but particularly the amend-
ments of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 1)
making appropriations to defray the deficiencies
in the appropriations for the service of the Post
Office Department for the fiscal year ending 30th
June, 1859, and in part for ihe support of the Post
Office Department for the year ending 30th June,
I860; and had directed him to report the amend-
ments back to the House, with a concurrence in
some, and a non-concurrence in others.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before calling the previous
question, I will give the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Spinner] an opportunity, according to the
understanding, to offer his amendment.
Mr. SPINNER. I now move to amend the
amendment of the Senate, by striking out all after
the word "that," and inserting the following:
From and aftei the 1st day of January next, the Post
Office Department, and all offices or places in or under the
same, are hereby totally abolished, and that all laws and
parts of laws conflicting with this section are hereby re-
pealed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now call the previous ques-
tion upon the amendments.
Mr. BURNETT. I suppose the previous ques-
tion will not deprive us of a separate vote upon
the last two amendments of the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. Separate votes can be had
upon any amendment, if gentlemen desire.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to know whether I can
have an opportunity to put a question to the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Debate is
not in order.
Mr. DAWES. I endeavored, to the utmost of
my ability, to get the ear of the Chair before the
previous question was moved. I wish to know
of the gentleman from Ohio, if he is willing that1
I should have a vote in the House upon the amend-
ment I offered in committee.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. KUNKEL. I move that the House do
now adjourn. I desire to say to the House 
Mr. BARKSDALE. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire to suggest to the
gentleman from Ohio that the amendments be
read; and that a vote be taken upon all the amend-
ments in gross, on which a separate vote be not
asked.
Mr. SHERMAN. The motion to adjourn is
withdrawn, is it not'
Mr. KUNKEL. It is not.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the first
amendment
Mr. KUNKEL. With the consent of the
House, I was about to remark that one of my
friends, on the 2d instant, arranged for pairing
me off with Mr. Winhom, of Minnesota. That
pair expires to-morrow at twelve o'clock. ^ I am
anxious to vote upon the amendments to this bill,
but do not feel at liberty to do so to-day. It is
apparent to all the members of the House that if
the yeas and nays are taken upon three or four
of these amendments to-night, the session will be
protracted to a late hour. I therefore propose
that the House do now adjourn, and theft the
question on these amendments will come up the
first thing in the morning.
Mr. GROW. I appeal to the gentleman from
Maryland, if he will hear me one moment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Discussion
is not'm order; and 1 object.
Mr. GROW. Let the gentleman from Mary-
land withdraw his motion to adjourn; and if he
desire a separate vote on anvof the amendments, :
let him indicate it, and let it go over till to-mor- 1
row. [Cries of "No!" "No!" " Let us finish
the bill to-night."]
Mr. KtfJYKEL. I insist on my motion to ad-
journ; and I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion was not agreed to.
The House proceeded to vote on the Senate
amendments.
First amendment of the Senate:
Insert at the end of the second section:
For wrapping-papei; mail-bags; blanks.and paperforthe
same ; mail-locks, keys, and stamps; postage stamp?, and
stamped envelopes.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union recommended concurrence.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was concurred in.
Second and third amendments of the Senate:
In line two of section tin ee, strike out" one month,'"' and
insert " sixty daysand in line lour, after the word l< ren-
dered," insert "but in 110 ca^e prior to the 1st day of May,
1859so that the clai^e will read:
That intere&t at the late of six per centum per annum, to
commence sixty days aftei the expiration of the quaiter in
which the service was rendered, but in no case prior to the
1st day of May, 1859, &c.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union recommended concurrence. •
The question was taken; and the amendments
were severally concurred in.
Fourth amendment of the Senate:
At the end of section three, insert, as «t proviso:
Provided, That such mtciect shall be payable only to the
contractors themselves ; and the same is hereby declared
to be in full of all damages by reason of failure 01 delay 111
payment, and the ^anie shall be receipted foi aceoidm<,ly ;
but no interest shall be allowed on payments for the last
quaiter, ending the 31&t of December, 1859.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union recommended concurrence.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was concurred in.
Fifth amendment of the Senate:
Add, as a new section:
And be it further enacted, That the Superintendent of the
Public Priming be requited to procuic the printing of the
Poht Oflicc blanks by eontiaet, aftei thirty days' public no-
tice, and to award such contract, for the usual period of
Post Office contracts, to the bidder who often to print the
sanl blanks at the gieatest per centum deduction fiom the
pnees authorized to be paid by law for the printing of the
Executive Departments; and that all law.- or paits of laws
now in force, in 1 elation to the printing of po-^t bills or Post
OiFice blanks, be, and the same areiiciebv,iepealed.
The Committee of the Whole "on the state of
the Union recommended concurrence.
Mr. EDMUNDSON called for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BURNETT. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the call for the yeas
and nays will be withdiawn. There is no desire
011 this side of the House to oppose the amend-
ment.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I hope the gentleman
from Virginia will withdraw the call for the yeas
and nays. The amendments can be adopted with-
out taking the yeas and nays.
Mr. MAYNARD. It is very late; and I hope
the call for the yeas and nays will be witltdrawn.
Mr. GARNKTT. I object to the withdrawal
of the call.
The question was taken, and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 149, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Mestfi*. diaries F. Adam^.Giren Adams, Allen,
i Alley, Thorn;!:: L. Amies-on. A-hmorn, Avery, Babbitt,
! Barksdale, Barrett, ISeale, Bingham, ISlair, Blake, lionliam,
i Boteler, BoulJgm. Bo\cc, Bravton, Bit^gs, Bristow, liu f-
■ finton. Burcli, Buinctt, Burnlimn. Butterfiolcl, Campbell,
Caicv, Ca!tor. Cnie, John IS. Olaik, Cloptou, Cobb, John
Coelitane, Colfax. Conklinn, Cooper, Corwm, Cox, James
Craig, Curry, Joiin Davis. Reuben Davis Dawes, Dc
Jarnette. Delano, Ditnmiek/Dnell, Dunn, Kdgeiton, Ed-
mundsoii, Edwin (K Ely, Etlteudge, Fenton, Ferry, Footer,
Fouke, Fiank, Gainett, Gartreli, Gilmei, Goocli, Glow,
Gurlev, Hale, Hamilton, Hardeman, IIft«kin, Hatton. Hel-
mtekj'llill, Htndman, Hoaul, Houston, Howard. Hutching,
Irvine, Jackson, Jenkins, Jones, Junkin, Keitt, Francis \\ .
1 Kellofftr. William Kellogg, Killinger, Lamar, Landuim,
, L.mabce, DeWitt C.Leacb, brake, Lee, Logan. Loomts. j
} Liwcjoy. MsuMojk Elbert S. Maitm, MeKean, McKnight, j
I McPheioOiijMcQueen,McIiae,Milhvard,LabanT.Moore. 1
Sydenham Moore, Moorhead, Edward Joy Morris, Isaac N.
Moms, Moi.<<', Nelson, Niblaek, Nixon, Noel!, Palmer,
Peyton, Phelp', Potter, Pryor,Quarles, Reagan, Reynolds,
Rig!?*, Christopher Robinson, James 0. Robinson, Royce,
Kttffin, Kust, Schwartz, Sedgwick, Sickles, Singleton,
William N. II. Smith, Spauldmg,Stevenson. Stokes, Tay-
loi, Theakei, Thomas, Tompkins, Trimble, Vance, Wade,
Cadwalader 0. Washburn, Elllliu B. Washburne, Webster,
Wilcon, Winslow, Wood, and Woodruff—149.
NAYS^Messrs. Aidrich, Curtis, Florence, Humphrey,
Maynnrd, Millson, Morrill, Pendleton, Pettit, Potter, Sher-
man, Spinner, Stanton, Stratton, Train, Vallandigham,
Vandever, Van Wyek, Walton, Israel Washburn, and
Wells—21. _
So the amendment was concurred in.
During the vote,
Mr. CASE said: I am paired off on the next
amendment with Mr. Davidson. I understand
him, however, to be in favor of the amendment,
and therefore I vote "ay."
Mr. HUMPHREY said: I ask unanimous con-
sent to explain my vote. I am in favor of the
amendment, but I will vote against it because of
its being introduced improperly in this bill. I
shall, at all times, so long as I have a vote on the
floor of this House, vote against any amendment
so introduced. I vote "no."
Mr. COLFAX stated that Mr. Kilgore had
paired off, for the remainder of the day, with Mr.
Miles.
Mr. KUNKEL. I desire to know whether
gentlemen on the opposite side would object to
my voting on this bill and amendments. I have
already explained to the House that by the action
of one of my colleagues, I have been paired off
with Mr. Windom, till to-morrow at twelve
o'clock, and I do not, of course, feel at liberty to
vote unless general consent be given.
Mr. GROW. I think it would be a bad prac-
tice for the House to have anything to do with
gentlemen's pairs. I therefore object.
Mr. STANTON. If the gentleman's vote will
not change the result, I tlimk there can be no ob-
jection.
Mr. KUNKEL. Well, I merely desire to say
that, were I at liberty, I should vote for this amend-
ment; as also for the other amendment of the Sen-
ate, abolishing the franking privilege.
Mr. DAWES. I understood the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Colfax] to say that his col-
league [Mr. Kilgore] had paired off with Mr.
Miles.
Mr. COLPAX. For to-day.
Mr. DAWES. 1 understood that Mr. Miles
had paired oft" for to-day with one of my col-
leagues, Mr. Thayer.
Mr. COLFAX. My colleague, Mr. Case, in-
formed me of the pair.
Mr. DAWES. My colleague was originally
paired with Mr. Davidson; but Mr. Davidson
came and got me to agree that that pair should be
transferred to Mr. Miles.
Mr. PETTIT, when his name was called, said:
I heartily approve of the amendment; but, at the
same time, more heartily disapproving of this
dangerous and pernicious legislation this bad pre-
cedent is likely to introduce, I vote " no."
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM, when hisname was
called, said: I am in favor of the proposition, but
I am opposed to the manner 111 which it is pre-
sented. I therefore vote " no."
Mr. STOUT, not having been within the bar
when his name was called, asked leave to vote.
Objection was made.
Mr. STOUT. If I hadbeen within the bar when
my name was called, I would have voted " ay."
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, said: I am in favor
of the amendment, but I do not vote, because I
do not think it germane to the bill.
Mr. HOUSTON said: I voted in the affirma-
tive because I was satisfied that the amendment is
germane, and would save public plunder.
Mr. WOODSON stated that, if he had been
within the bar when his name was called, he
would have voted " ay."
Mr. BARKSDALE moved to dispense with the
reading of the names.
There being no objection, the motion was
agreed to.
The result of tjie vote was then,announceu\ as
above.
Sixth amendment of the Senate:
Add at the end of tlie bill, n- folio <s :
*ind be it further enacted, That trom and after the 10th
da\ of April next, the fiankm? privilege be, and the same
is hereby, totally abolished; and tliat all laws and paits ot
laws authorizing the receiving or sending any matter
