1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1797
Then let us act on this independent proposition,
reject all amendments, and pass the Senate's bill.
The Senator from Ohio knows that his people and
his constituency, and his party—if I may be per-
mitted to use the term—vinderstand precisely how
far he is willing to go. Ho has show* his hand.
There are some provisions in the bill that I do not
think go far enough; yet I am willing to take the
bill as it is. Then let the Senator from Ohio with-
draw his amendment, and let the Senator from
Indiana withdraw his; and let the Senate have a
vote on the naked, clean proposition as it is pre-
sented. I hope that both the Senators will con-
sent to that, and let us have a vote on this measure.
Mr. WIGFALL. Before taking a direct vote
on it, I beg leave to offer an amendment, which I
send to the Chair.
Mr. WADE. There is an amendment pend-
ing now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen-
ator state to which bill his amendment applies ?
Mr. WIGFALL. The one reported by the
committee.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. When will it be in
order to consider the amendment which I propose
to offer to the original bill?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Texas has the floor at present.
Mr. WIGFALL. I move to strike out, in the
fifth line of the first section, the words " one quar-
ter section," and substitute " one township,"
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
suggest that there is an amendment to an amend-
ment already pending.
Mr. WIGFALL. Then] give notice that when
it is in order I shall propose that.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 desire to ask the Senator
from Tennessee one question. I am fearful that
I do not fully understand the bill which has been
submitted by the Committee on Public Lands;
and I desire also to propose an amendment, and
if that is voted down, then I am willing to adopt
the bill.
Mr. WADE. Letus have a vote on this amend-
ment first.
Mr. GRIMES. But I want to find out what
the bill is. This bill confines the preemption
right—for there is 110 use any longer in deluding
ourselves with the idea that this is a homestead
bill; it is a mere graduation and preemption bill—•
to enter the land under the graduation law to the
heads of families. I desire to know, in the first
place, of the Senator from Tennessee, whether
there has ever been any judicial construction, or
any construction, put upon this phraseology by
the head of the land department as to what the
head of a family is, or who he is ?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I think that
is settled at the Department. That language has
IjGGii selected
Mr. GRIMES. What is the construction that
has been put on this phraseology by the Depart-
ment?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. The precise
definition they give to the head of a family in the
Department I donotknow; but in using the term,
it was understood that it was sufficiently descrip-
tive to the Department, and covered the proper
persons.
Mr. GRIMES. I understand that the head of a
family is one who, in his socialor domestic rela-
tions, has others subordinate to him or in subjeo
tion to him. no matter what may be the nation-
ality or the sex. Is that the construction that has
been put on this phraseology by the Department'
I should like the Senator to answer me another
question. By reference to section ten, it will be
seen that
Nothing in this act shall be &o construct! as to prevent
Tiny person who has availed hmior herself of fhe benefitof
the fir.*t section of ttii^ act, from paying the minimum priec;
or the price to which the same may have been giaduated, for
the quantity of lami so entered, at any time before the ex-
piration of the five years.
Does this mean the price to which the land may
have been graduated by the law of 1854, or does this
word "graduated" refer to the price which is
fixed in Ihe first section of this bill—twenty-five
cents an acre ?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. What the com-
mittee meant by that section is this: if a man had
made his location on land held at $1 25 ail acre,
if he saw proper to pay the 25 an acre, he could
do it within the five years and get his title. If he
settled upon graduated land that had run down to
a half dollar or a quarter dollar, whatever the
graduated price was, he might pay that and get
his title at any time.
Mr. GRIMES. Then let me ask the Senator
if it does not occur to him and to the committee
that there may be possibly some injustice to one
class of our fellow-citizens? Here,' on one tract
of land, woes a man who has somebody in subor-
dination to him. He may have a servant; hemay
have a wife; he may have a mother. He goes
upon that land and occupies it three years. The
price at which it was held when lie went on it was
$1 25; but he holds it for three years,'and is then
permitted, under the iaw of 1854, to enter it for one
dollar an acre. At the same time, a man going
on the adjacent tract, being a single man, is com-
pelled to pay 5JI 25 an acre. That is the effect of
the bill.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I do not think
the section will bear that construction. The in-
tention is, that he shall pay the price at which the
land is held at the time he makes the entry.
Mr. GRIMES. Here, on two adjoining sec-
tion;! of land, go two young men. One of them
may have a servant; he is the head of a family;
the other has no one but himself; he is not the
head of a family. The one having a servant has
three years'creait to pay; and then, at the end of
three years, the land has graduated down so that
he can enter it at one dollar an acre. The other
man, because lie is a single man, and has no ser-
vant and no one dependent (in him, is compelled
to pay §1 25 an acre, under the laws of the United
States. That is the effect.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. The general
provisions of this bill, as the committee under-
stand them, are; first, that a man can enter upon
land subject to private entry. If that land is held
at §1 25 an acre, he may, under the provisions of
the bill just read by the Senator, at any time
within the five years, if he thinks proper, at his
own election, pay the §1 25 and get his patent.
If he enters land at graduated prices, being the
head of a family and a citizen of the United States,
or a widow, as the case may be, he or she can
enter it at the graduated price, and get a patent at
any time. It was intended to cover the two de-
scriptions of land.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator does not under-
stand me. Here go two young men from Tennes-
see, or my State, and they settle on adjacent tracts
of land. One of them claims to be the head of a
family, because somebody is dependent on him,
as he says, for support. He is not obliged to
enter his land at all. He can make his declaration
under this bill, and he will have a right to pre-
empt for five years, when he can come in and take
itfor twenty-five cents an acre; or if he sees fit to
sell it, if there is an opportunity for him to sell it
in the mean time during that five years, he can
enter it at one dollar an acre; whereas the young
man who occupies the tract adjacent to him has
none of this credit, and cannot enter his tract of
land until he has first paid the $1 25 an acre.
This is my objection to it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I think I un-
derstand the Senator. In the first place, the party
can enter either on graduated land or land that is
selling at$l 25 an acre. Then, as to the difficulty
of ascertaining who is the head of a family under
the bill, m preparing the first section of the bill
the language there was taken from the Depart-
ment. They considered that the right phrase-
ology to use;-and then there is power in another
section conferred on the Secretary of the Interior
to prescribe rules and regulations for carrying the
act into effect, placing it"clearly within the power
of the Department to lay down who is the head
of a family under the law. I do not think there
can be any difficulty about it.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I wish to offer an amend-
ment to the original bill; that is, the bill reported
by the committee. Will it be in order, or will it
be the subject of debate properly?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chan-
thinks it will be m order.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I move, then, to strike
out the fifth section of this bill; or the purpose I
have in view will be accomplished by striking out
a smalljiortion of it and substituting other words,
and I will propose it in that form.
The section now reads:
Sec. 5. And tc it jartker enacted, That if any person,
now or hereafter, a resident of any one of the States or
Territories, and not a citizen of the United States, butwbo,
at tiie time of makiiia; such application for the benefit of
thia act, shall have filed a declaration of intention, as re-
quired by the naturalization laws of the United States, and
shall have become a citizen of the same* before the issuing
of the patent, a, piovided for in this act, such person shall
be entitled to all the rights conferred by this act.
I move to strike out the words " now or here-
after," and to insert " who at the passage of thia
act is."
1 do not at all wonder, Mr. President, at the
impatience of the friends of this bill. It has cer-
tainly been a very tedious measure, and a very
tedious proceeding we have had upon it; but gen-
tlemen must recollect that this is one of the most
important measures that could be well presented
to the Congress of the United States. Our land
system in its original form commanded the pro-
found attention of the old Congress of the-United
States. It was a system not more remarkable
for its simplicity than it was for its wisdom.
Every step and every alteration that we have
made in that system from that time to this has, 1
think, as much impaired its wisdom as it has its
simplicity.
Sir, that Congress who adopted the original
system for the disposition of the public lands
were as well apprised as we are of the great prin-
ciples that ought to govern their legislation on
this subject. They knew, as well as we do, that
the public lands ought not to be held merely as a
source of profit, or to be disposed of exclusively
with a view to the pecuniary advantages to be
derived to the people of the United States. There
was another principle, a greater and perhaps a
higher one, that ought to influence their conduct
on the subject; and that was, to promote the great
agricultural interests and tlieprogress of the coun-
try by a liberal disposition of the public lands to
all who desired to cultivate them; and to recon-
cile both interests, that of disposing of them for
some price and that of disposing of them on such
liberal terms as to promote the welfare of the
people, they were to regulate and graduate the
price. They did so according to their views of the
subject. This was the legislation of a very early
period. Our people then were comparatively
few; they were comparatively poor; ana yet they
made none of these provisions for exceptional
cases and for particular individuals. They looked
upon all with an equal eye. Here, they saw, was ■
a great public fund, the property of the whole
country, and in which every citizen had equal
rights. They respcctcd them. They thought
that justice was equality, and that equality was
justice. They placed every man, under the gen-
eral principles of their system, on an equal foot-
ing. Here wore lands offered for sale as fast as
the demands of agriculture, could properly require
them.
With all considerations before them of a liberal
policy towards the agrisultural interests, and a
just regard towards the pecuniary interests of the
whole people, they accommodated their system
to both these principles; and what did they do
with the public lands then? I think they fixed the
price at $2 50. That was the price which they
fixed in the year 1790, or about that time, on the
public lands. That system went on. Unfortu-
nately, however, there was introduced into the
system a credit for the purchase money. It was
to be paid by installments and upon credits. In
a little time this system manifested the imperfec-
tion that existed in it; the credit system would
not do. The people of the country became in-
debted to the Government for excessive purchases
of public lands. The first time any particular
excitable degree of prosperity existed in the coun-
try, almo-t everybody went to speculating, with
a view to make money out of the public lands by
purchasing them up on speculation. A great debt
accrued by the people of the country to the Gov-
ernment of the United States, and "that began to
be exceedingly troublesome. They began to pe-
tition for postponements and delays in the pay-
ment of these prices for the public lands. Con-
gress was likely to be broken down, and the whole
system broken down, ajid it was falling in ruins
and affecting the finances of the whole country by
this state of things. In the year 1819,1 think it
was, Congress determined, therefore, to change
this system. They went very cautiously to work.
They reduced the price of the public lands to
$1 25, and demanded it all in prompt payment.
On that general principle we have gone on to this
