1798
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
day, departing now and then a little more or a
little less from the great original principle which
I havo mentioned is the foundation of this sys-
tem. The price of the public lands was fixed at
$2 50 originally when the country was poor and
the people poor; and if ever a low price ought to
have been fixed, that was the time. They did
not consider $2 50 an improper price even in the
days of our poverty. In the beginning of our ex-
istence that was thought to be aprice that accom-
modated all; that all who worked well might be
calculated upon as good cultivators of the soil;
would give that for as much land as they would
cultivate.
Now, sir, we propose by this measure a new
policy, that changes the old; breaks down the old.
It is to give away the public lands now to rich and
poor. The richest man in the United States may
now go and take one hundred and sixty acres of
the public lands, paying a merely nominal price,
a quarter of a dollar an acre. The favorite prop-
osition with many members here is to give it away
without any moneyed price; but, to save appear-
ances, the mere nominal price of a quarter of a
dollar an acre is now demanded. I say this is a
change of the old policy. There is no equality in
it. That principle is entirely left out of view.
There is no setting up the land for sale at a small
price, that all may buy. The right of appropria-
tion of the public lands is, in effect, made exclusive
to a particular class, a favored class; those whose
circumstances will permit them to settle, and who
desire to settle on the land. They are the iavorcd
appropriators of the public lands. They can get
it tor almost nothing.
This, I say, breaks down the old system. It
seems to me as if we were in a hurry to get rid of
this national inheritance. Why should we do so?
It was looked upon as a great inheritance for our
posterity. We ought not to be in a hurry to get
rid of it. We ought to be ready always to dis-
pose of it upon moderate, very moderate and rea-
sonable terms to those who desire it for cultiva-
tion. That was originally our policy, and it ought
to ba our policy all the while; but this is intended
to stimulate the disposition of the public lands in
a particular way, and to a particular class, and to
no others; because when you give it away to one,
you can expect nobody to buy.
These are the abjections to the general system.
But you not only propose to give it aw^y to all
our countrymen who choose to settle, but you in
effect, by .this fifth section, offer it to the people of
all the world. All tribes, all kindreds, are invited
by the terms of that section to come here when it
suits their convenience, and are told that they shall
havo a premium for so doing—they shall have one
hundred and sixty acres, if they will only come
and live upon it. Now, sir, is this treating the
children of this Republic right? Is this great in-
heritance, which we have fought for and paid for,
and which we claim as the inheritance of the United
States, and of the people of the United States, to
be lavished and offered to immigrants from every
quarter of the world, if they will only come here
and settle upon it? I object to that, not on any
narrow principle of prejudice against foreigners;
I iiaye no such feeling; but I do not want to offer
a brjl*s or a premium to them to come here. We
have.abready about thirty million people—a stock
amply l^rge enough for us to multiply to any ex-
tentand wj.tlj.My reasonable rapidity. We have
little enough for ourselves. If we waitalittlewhile,
a few generations from our own stock will require
all our public lands. Two or three lifetimes will
fill them all up4 and naajps us a Republic of many
miilions-^-one hundred million and more. That
day is coming rapidly; and the generations that
arc to follow us are in sight, continually coming,
like wave after wave, to occupy And cover the
whole of oyr lands; and we are taking them from
the people who bought them, who acquired them,
who fought for them, and we are offering them as
arc ward to Germans., Russians, Turks, Mormons,
and everybody who v/ill come here from any quar-
ter of the world.
Can any American Senator say that this is
sound policy ? 1 do not think it is. I know that
other gentlemen are actuated on this subject-by
just as sincere motives and feelings as I am; but
I call upon them to examine themselves and see
if this is right towards those that we represent.
This is not our property as a Senate, It is the
property of the United States, which we hold in
trust for them, and not for Germany,or England,
or Ireland, or any other eountry in the world;
and yet we now, who havo sold it here, who now
demand a price for it from any one who does not
choose to become an actual settler, propose to
give it to the aliens and the foreigners who will
comply with your terms of settlement. Sir, I do
not look at this question in any sectional point of
view. I do not say it is to promote one section of
the country to the disadvantage of another. I do
not ascribe that; and I am one of those who think,
really, that when, by any proper means, the pros-
perity of any one section of my country can be
advanced, the whole is advanced. That is my
sentiment; and it would bo no objection to me
that the necessary result from a good system op-
crates more beneficially in one place than another.
Almost all measures have that effect; but if it
operates justly, it operates for all when it operates
for the advancement of any part of the Republic.
I do not regard it in any sectional feeling, but
I look upon it as a general system of policy; and
I make this objection to it: you arc giving to for-
eigners what you would sell to me, and demand
a price of me because I cannot go there and settle.
The foreigner can well go there and settle, be-
cause he has nowhere else to stay. He has not,
and hisancestry,perhaps—for onehundred years,
or as far back as he can recollect—have not owned
a foot of land, in which he can claim a fee simple,
in the old world. When you invite him to come
here, and tell him he is to settle upon and have
one hundred and sixty acres of land, you bribe
him from his home. Perhaps he is deluded, or
thinks himself so, when he encounters the hard-
ships of that settlement to which you invite him.
But what swarms may come, under the induce-
ment of holding as much land as would make a
nobleman on the continent of Europe—the hun-
dreds of thousands of these people it may bring
here—you do not know. But they are the objects
of your bounty; unknown—nameless even; not
speaking your language; with no educational sym-
pathy with you of any sort; without the same
ideas of government which you entertain. You
invito these people that other countries have pro-
duced, and that other countries should take care
of, if they require to bo taken care of; you invito
them to come and accept of this great inheritance
of the public lands, which ought to be preserved
by vis for our children. What policy is there,
and what humanity is there, in giving to rich and
poor alike? It is a policy, not a charity—merely
a policy; and I ask you to regard it as a policy,
and not suffer the benevolent hearts of members
to misguide them. I say it is no charity; there
is not a particle of charity in it, for it gives to rich
and poor alike. It is a policy, then, and nothing
more than a policy; and, as a policy, I challenge
the examination of it.
Who arc in fact to be the beneficiaries of this
law? But a very few. Thousands who need it
are so situated m the old States that they cannot
go to the new States to take the benefit of it. You
givosjt, then, to a sort of floating;class in the com-
munity who are willing to float for one hundred
and sixty acres of land—the movable community.
You seem to want settlers. Those who are settled
now are the very people who cannot go and live
in your new settlements. They must come prin-
cipally from other classes, and it has been said
by gentlemen here, it is such a class as yonr sol-
diers come from. Well, sir, I do not know that.
I know one thing—that more than fifty thousand
bounty-land warrants have been issued to men
who were actually soldiers. How many of them
ever went, to settle on your lands? One in a thou-
sand? I believe but few more. What did they do
with it? The soldiers would not go to settle on
the land, and I think when that is established,
you have no right to say that the class who will
settle on these lands are the class that make your
soldiers—not one of them in a hundred. That
was the hope when the bounty land system was
commenced. The idea was this: when the war
is over, the tired soldier, returned fiom the wars
with his hands unstained with plunder, will receive
from the hands of his grateful country a warrant
for one hundred and sixty acres of land, and he
will go off immediately and settle on it, and make
himsejf happy, and raise a family of childi^n for
the Commonwealth. These were the fancies of
orators. Senators ought to know better. We
knsw that no such consequences have resulted.
Mr. President, I do not intend to enlarge on this
subject. It is one capable, I know, and deserving
of a much more extended examination than I pro-
pose to give it. This bill is marked with ine-
quality. It destroys an ancient and wise system.
It is to the disadvantage of everybody except to
the peculiar localities which may receive an in-
creased population by means of it, and an increased '
population at the expense of our own country and
of other sections of it, orfurnished spontaneously
by other countries and regions of the world. That
is this new system, for which such an appeal is
made to us. I do not think it is a good one. I
think we shall do more wisely by doing as our
ancestors did—by reserving the public dorhain to
meet the reasonable demands of the community
for land for agricultural purposes, and offer it to
them at moderate prices. It is the best, the most
politic, the most benevolent mode for its general
distribution. That is my view. It is the most
benevolent mode for its distribution. It is the
most reasonable. You hold out no temptation of
gifts to any man. You place the land at such a
moderate rate, that when he has any disposition
from which you can promise yourself any suc-
cess—any disposition forindustry or cultivation—
he can easily get the price which will be required.
This seems to me to combine wisdom and sound
policy much more perfectly than the new system
m which we are embarking.
I think, therefore, we are going too far, at least
in this, provision; and my purpose was less to
treat of the general subject than to state my ob-
jection to giving away the public lands to foreign-
ers, to be invited here for the purpose of settling
them. We have now a large family of our own,
and arapidlyincreasingone. A million children,
at least, a year are born now in this countiy;
we are to have a very large posterity; and yet
you want to give away to strangers our land.
We, by this bill, issue to all the world a great
proclamation:" Come from the North, come from
the South, com?from the East and the West—
take possession of our public lands; our children
have borne all the expenses of acquiring these
lands; they have fought for them; they have driven
off the Indians; they have made them a place of
perfect security and safety; now we offer them to
you; wo intend even to show our kindness by
taking from our children, and giving it' you and
your children." I will not do any such thing;
and I object particularly to this offer of it to for-
eigners not yet in the country. Those that are
here, I consent, may participate in the benefit of
any policy which we may choose to adopt. My
amendment to the bill confines it to those now
here. The words now in the bill include all that
may come under this temptation. 1 see my friend
from Tennessee has something to say on this sub-
ject, and I will not prolong a debate which I know
sounds very tediously on the cars of gentlemen
who hope to have this bill disposed of to-day.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. To that portion
of the remarks of the Senator from Kentucky
which relate to the substitute offered by the Sen-
ator from Ohio for the bill before the Senate, I do
not intend to makeany reply whatever; butsome
of the remarks made by the Senator from Ken-
tucky would undoubtedly apply, and with some
propriety, to the bill now before the Senate. I
allude particularly to what he said as to the credit
to be given. The manner in which that credit is
to be managed and conducted is entirely different
from the credit that existed under the system
some forty years ago, to which he alluded. The
system which then prevailed stimulated specula-
tion; under that system, ail men could go and
enter any land, and havo a certain number of years
within which to pay for it. Thus speculation
was stimulated to an extraordinary degree. Lands
in the northwestern States, then in market, pre-
sented a theater of speculation such as tile United
States has never exhibited at any time since that
period, relative to the public lands. But the credit
that is here proposed is entirely different It is
only a credit to the actual settler, and for a very
limited amount. The section of the bill to which
I now allude provides for giving two years to the
preemptioner within which to pay for his claim,
at the end of which time ho must pay for it, or
forfeit all his rights, and in the mean time he re-
ceives no title; but if he is an actual settler, he
gets the title by paying §1 25 an acre.
I will suggest to the Senator from Kentucky that
