THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
Mr. MASON. It is on the Journal, and acces-
sible.
■ Mr. POLK. Certainly. It is on the Journal,
and accessible, says the Senator from Virginia.
Mr. CAMERON. If the Senator from Mis-
souri will allow me, this subject was discussed in
tlie Senate in 1857, in the case of Maryland, and
jt is no new question at all.
Mr. POLK. It is no new question to those
•who were in the Senate in 3857, and heard the
discussion; but to those who were not in the Sen-
ate in 1857, and did not hear the discussion, it
niaywell be new; although there may be, in the
Journals of the Senate and in the Congressional
Globe, reports and fulLdiscussion on the whole
question. But wha^ Senator is there that came
into the Senate on the 4th of March, 1857, or the
4th of March, 1653, that has rend back the Jour-
nals and through the Congressional Globe, so as
to be prepared to understand everything that has
been offered as an amendment to an appropriation
bill? Very few, sir.
Mr. lVEP^SON. Allow me to present a sug-
gestion to the Senator that he may answer. The
Senator now seems to object because there is no
report from the Committee on Claims Now, I
want to state a fact.
Mr. POLK. That is not what I said.
Mr. IVERSON. You said there was no re-
port.
Mr. POLK. I say there is no report; but I am
answering the charge 
Mr. IVERSON. I want to bring a fact to the
recollection of the Senator from Missouri. Two
years ago that Senator was n member of the
Committee on Claims, and this very question
then was presented to the Committee on Claims.
The Committee on Claims presented this very
amendment, and the Senator from Missouri voted
for iL m commi'tee and in the Senate.
Mr. POLK. Then, as now, Mr. President,
the statement is that the debt is an admitted debt,
and the only question is as to the application of
the mode of calculating interest. What I said a
little while ago, I said in answer to the sugges-
tion that was then made. 1 said before, and I
say now, that I agree to the mode of calculating
interest that is asked. 1 believe that is right; but
one objection 1 have to the amendment is, that if
any of the new States, if the State of Missouri,
or the State of Oregon, or the State of Texas, or
any other State, has advanced cash out of her
coffers, to pay for repelling an Indian incursion,
as I understand the nigumcnt, they cannot get
interest, on the amounL advanced.
Mr. IVERSON. Not by this amendment. It
docs not cover that.
Mr. POLK. I say by tliisanJbndineiit; but this
amendment docs provide forall debts accruing for
military purposes ill 1812 and since that time; that
interest may be had where the State has either
paid or lost interest; but for all debts that may
have accrued for military purposes since that
time, or during that time, if the State advanced
the cash, she cannot have any interest at all. Now,
sir, 1 merely make this suggestion for this reason:
this proposition came up two days ago, 1 believe
it was, and I can say that I did not, until just
now, when I went to look at the amendment
more carefully, know that that was the construc-
tion of the amendment. The objection I have to
it,in part,is thatit comes up in thtsshape. When-
ever it shall be faiily investigated, and come up
on its merits, if it is a just debt, 1 am willing to
pay it.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, the Sena-
tor from Georgia has given a curious explanation
of this interest question. He says, if you com-
pute interest up to the date of the first payment,
and the interest amounts to more than the pay-
ments, it is set aside, and you do not compute
the interest on that interest to bring it down.
What does that amount to ? Perhaps the next
month another and a further payment was made,
and that balance is brought down and deducted
from the second payment; so that upon the effect
it is a simple question, after ail, again, whether
you will or will not pay compound interest. The
Government, as I said before, has, in the first
place, paid the principal—the whole principal—
and with that the States were perfectly satisfied;
and well they might be, for they advanced this
money, or ti.e greater proportion of it, for their
own self-protec>en. Tney were vtry glad, and
very properly glad, to get this principal without
any interest whatever; but in process of time
they made up their minds, the Treasury being
plethoric, that they might get interest as well as
the principal. They have been paid interest; and
now, after the question has been settled a good
many years, they propose to reopen all these old
accounts, and get interest upon interest for forty
or fifty years. Why, sir, if I, in my own busi-
ness, were to open similar accounts, I know I
should be a great deal richer man than I am now;
but I have closed up those matters, and when a
matter is closed, it is closed forever. So it should
be between the Government and the States, or as
between the Government and an individual. I
am opposed to opening any of these claims, either
revolutionary or for .the last war or any other
war, or any other class of claims that have once
been closed and a final settlement made. 1 do
not know what position the amendment is in now;
but 1 trust, if we can get a vote upon it, it will be
voted down; and i believe it will be, if we can get
a vote i'l full Senate.
Mr. BAYAItD. It seems to me, Mr. Presi-
dent, there is agreat misapprehension on the part
of the Senator from Michigan, when he calls this
interest upon interest. I admit that, when this
question came before the Senate in the case of the
State of Maryland, I thought that we had better
not open the accounts of any State for advances
made to the United States; that, as they had been
settled, it was better to leave them so; but after
a very prolonged debate the Senate determined,
by a very decisive majority, that it would open
the account of the State of Maryland, and settle
that account on what, I admit, was the true
principle of settlement, if it had been originally
adopted. The only objection was the settlement.
Congress chose to open the account i.i the case of
one State. On what principle, then, is it that you
shall not open it as to other States ? I stated then
that if you opened the account of one State for
the settlement of her war debt, or any subsequent
debt, and it applied particularly to the war debt
of 1812, you must necessarily open it to all the
States. Congress chose to do it in one case, and
I do not see how you can deny the same justice
to other States in settling their accounts.
Now, as to the question that this is interest upon
interest, it is nothing of the kind. The Govcrn-
mentchose, in making its payments to the States,
and in settling theaccounts,toullow interest down
to the day of its first payment; but then they de-
ducted the payment made from the principal, and
they did not pay again for a long time, and the
interest, of course, remained unpaid. Now, I
want to know whether it is not precisely the rule
in every State iu this Union, in the transactions of
individuals, where a man owes another $10,000,
and it runs for five years, and he then pays him
§5,000 of it, that you do not first calculate in-
terest down to the time of the payment, which
would be $3,000, and deduct $5,000 from the
principal and interest added. The reason is this:
the debtor has no right in equity to appropriate
his payment to the principal until he has paid the
arrears of interest. That is the rale in all trans-
actions, except in the accounts of merchants.
Mercantile men may calculate interest on both
sides, because it is found that errors will correct
themselves. Charges arc being constantly made,
and at the end of the year the account is settled;
but, according to the mode of legal computation
in every State in this Union, both as adjudicated
by the courts and practiced in every State in
this Union, when a party makes payment of an
acknowledged debt, the creditor has a right to
appropriate the payment, first to the interest in
arrear, and the balance only to the principal.
That is the rule in law.
Now, the Government is not capable of coer-
cion in the settlement of its accounts, through its
officers, with the States, and it chose to appropri-
ate the payment, whether it made it at the lapse
of five or ten years, to the principal, instead of
appropiiating it first to the interest. It did not
let the States say anything about it, but settled
the account on that basis; and the result was, of
course, a dead loss to the State. What the act
of Congress did m reference to Maryland, was to
correct that mode of settlement. I thought it
wrong, simply because the account was settled
and closed; but, unquestionably, if you unsettle
and open the principle of settlement as to one
State of this Union, you are bound to extend the
same rule to other States that stood precisely in
the same position as Maryland.
Now, sir, as to the question of interest of the
States in this case, I have heard—and I do not
know whether it is true or not—that it will make
a difference in the account of my State of about
ten or fifteen thousand dollars, ft is a very small
sum—one that would not weigh with me a feather.
At the time this was originally adopted I op-
posed it, in the case of the State of Maryland. I
knew the result must be, on every principle of
equity and justice, that when others should come
to have their accounts restated, the same prin-
ciple should apply to those other States, when
the applications were made.
Mr. PUGH. I do not fully understand the
amendment which has been adopted; and I think
some explanation ought to be made, U ntil what
time is this interest to be computed ? Until now?
Mr. BAYARD. It restates the accounts.
Mr. PUGH. It restates the account; but then,
suppose there is a balance due to every State; does
that balance carry interest? The amendment can
end in nothing else. I only recollect the case of
Maryland, after ail interval now of nearly three
years; but the complaint is, that the accounting
officers deducted the payment from the principal
instead of the interest. Therefore, if you recast
all those accounts, the debit side and the credit
side, restate the whole interest account, there will
ensue a balance due to each of the States; and I
put to you the question, that being a balance of
principal as well as of interest, whether that bal-
ance is to carry interest, ana for how long? Until
now ?
Mr. CHANDLER. Until now.
Mr. PUGH. That is what I want to under-
stand. Now, sir, that shows the vice in the whole
proposition. I acknowledge that the method of
calculating interest adopted by the accounting
officer is not the ordinary method between indi-
viduals. I agree to that; but, sir, this Govern-
ment has not been in the habit of paying at all.
She is subject to no such rule, and particularly
not to the States; because these were moneys ex-
pended by the States to defend themselves.
Mr. IVERSON. Will the Senator allow me
to interrupt him a moment?
Mi.PUGII. Certainly.
Mr. IVERSON. This interest was paid to the
States under ail act of Congress.
Mr. PUGH. I am coming to that. I spoke
of the general principle. These were expendi-
tures made by the States to defend themselves.
It was not money loaned to the Federal Govern-
ment to carry on war anywhere else. They were
as much interested in the expenditure as the Fed-
eral Government. Therefore,.I say, when the
Government came to deal with them, it fixed its
own rule of calculating interest. Its general
practice was not to allow interest. Therefore, it
made a rule for itself; and the accounts were all
stated upon it; and I believe all the States were
satisfied but Maryland. They took the money,
and they allowed the matter to rest until now.
I believe Maryland kept up what the old common
law calls a continual claim. She never would be
satisfied or comforted; but the rest were. Finally,
through the skill of my honored friend and
neighbor, [Mr. Pearce,] she got that bill through
both Houses of Congress: first, passed it as a
private bill through the Senate, and afterwards,
the House not acting on it, they put it as a rider
on the appropriation bill. That is my recollec-
tion of the matter. Cut now, sir, after we gave
that to pacify Maryland, it seems that all the
other States are to come forward. If it must be
paid—if there can be no satisfaction shoit of re-
casting this account, and opening up all these old
settlements, let us do it understanding!)'. We
cannot do it in this way, because the very diffi-
culty arises: for how long is that interest to be
calculated? If we are to reopen them, we are
losers for another reason. If these States, like
Maryland, had objected and complained at the
| time, we could have paid them all, and got rid of
I them, and got rid of this long arrear of interest
; from that day to this.
| There is another difficulty. If you are going
I to restate all the accounts of the States against the
i General Government, let us bring in both sides,
: let us deduct from all these claims the amount of
1 money that is deposited m those States, and never
