1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2743
given back to the Treasury. Let us have both
sides. Gentlemen, pay what you owe the Gen-
eral Government; pay all that money that was
given to you in General Jackson's time, some
twenty years after all this account you now set
up against the Government.
Mr. CHANDLER. And cast interest on them,
too.
Mr. PUGH. One thing more. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Iowa, which I voted
against, because I did not want to putany of these
claims on the appropriation bill, has ten times as
much merit as this proposition. You stipulated,
upon theadtffission of thoseStates into theUnion,
that they never should tax the landed property
of the Federal Government. It was a proposition
that they should surrender their right to raise
revenue for local and municipal government; that
they should tie the hands of their sovereignty as
long as you chose to hold property in their limits;
and in the case of the earlier States of the North-
west, I think the first five, certainly in the case
of Ohio, and, I think, Indiana, Michigan, and
Illinois, you even forbade them to tax the lands
of Government for a period of five years, when
they had passed into the hands of individuals.
That was the stipulation in the case of Ohio; and
the objcct was that the Government might sell
the lands for a better price, the purchaser know-
ing that he was to pay no taxes for five years
from the date of its passage.
Now, sir, that was the bargain. The State
gave up her right of taxation upon certain condi-
tions; and yet you went to work and passed this
everlasting bounty land law, two or three years
ago, and that has just covered the States over
with selections of land. You gave the States five
per cent.'out of the proceeds of that land simply
because, instead of selling the land for money,
you gave it for military service, and thereby
saved the general Treasury from pensions to that
extent. There was ten times as much merit in
that proposition as thcic is in this. It is not an
old settled account. It is not a thing that the
States have acquiesced in, for they have com-
plained of it from that day to this.
But, sir, if wo must pay these interest accounts,
I want it put in a separate bill, on a plate by itself.
I should like to have the amount of every State
put by itself, i want to know when the money
was paid, and what it was paid for; I want to
see this calculation of interest made according to
the old act of Congress, and according to this
proposition; and then, as I said, 1 want to charge
the States with the public money which they got
and have not refunded; and then, seeing the pres-
ent condition of the public finances—1 believe we
hove only five or six millions left in the Treas-
ury, and we have agreed to adjourn on the 18th,
before which time of course there is no hope of
a tariff, or an increase of a tariff—seeing that fact,
and that we have about twenty millions ofTreas-
sury notes unpaid, I hope the Senator from Vir-
ginia, who has fought off all other claims, who is
the watch-dog of theTieasury, will .not precipi-
tate a Democratic Administration into a deficiency
of this character, unless he will make some appro-
priation for paying this amount. Ashe does not
want it to be paid by any increase of the tariff, I
suggest that he avail himself of that clause of the
Federal Constitution which allows us to levy a
direct tax. Let us levy it on land and on slaves,
and see which of the States are willing to pay it
out of the public Treasury when that issue is
made.
Sir, we have no money with which to pay this
claim. It is not an urgent claim. It has slept
for many years, and it will not hurt it to sleep a
little while longer; at least until we can get the
money by begging, borrowing, or raising the
taxes; or, as 1 said", coming to direct taxation—
one thing or another. It is not worth while to
say you are going to issue stock and notes. The
market is overcrowded with them now. We have
got twenty millions put out m the last two years,
besides the Treasury notes. Therefore I hope,
as 1 said, that my friend, the chairman of the
Committee on Finance, will guard against these
disastrous consequences, if this amendment be
adopted. •
Mr. CLINGMAN. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
Tiic motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, June 8, 1860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
- The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
GEORGE P. MARSII.
Mr. FOOT. The Committee on Claims have
had under consideration House bill No. 8, for the
relief of George P. Marsh, and directed me to re-
port it back with a recommendation that it pass;
and I ask that it be put on its passage at this
time.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, pro-
ceeded to consider the bill, which provides for the
payment to George P. Marsh, late minister of the
Ottoman Porte, of the sum of §9,000, in full for all
claims he may have on account of special services
rendered by him in Greece in the years 1852and
1853, under instructions from the Stale Depart-
ment.
The bill was reported to the Senate, and ordered
to a third rending.
Mr. FITCH. 1 must object to that. It can-
not pass with my consent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
rick in the chair.) It will lie over under the lule.
It cannot be read the third time to-day, objection
being made.
TELEGRAPH TO THE PACIFIC.
Mr. GWIN. I ask Iea\e to call up a bill of
the House of Repiesentativcs which is lying on the
table, with an amendment. The Senate passed
the overland telegraph bill, and the House have
substituted for it an amendment of their own. 1
ask that we may take it up, and dispose of it this
morning. I have a simple amendment to propose
to the House amendment, which is the only con-
test theie will be, and then we can dispose of it
at once.
Mr. MASON. Let us get through with the
morning business. I have a petition to present.
Mr. GWIN. This matter has been two Greeks
on the table, and I want to get through with it
tins morning.
Mr. MASON. Does the motion take prece-
dence of petitions?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The ruling of the permanent Piesid-
ing Officer of the Senate has been uniformly, that
any motion is in order to take up any business.
Mr. MASON. I hope the Senator from Cali-
fornia will waive it, or 1 shall be obliged to object
to it. 1 have a petition to present.
Mr. GWIN. I waive it for the picscnt.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. FOOT presented the petition of Robert
Mayo, praying compensation for the services of
George Mayo, deceased, in the Pobt Office De-
partment, m 1831 and 1832; which was referred to
the Committee on Claims.
Mr. GWIN presented the memorial of P. Delia
Torre, praying compensation for his services
while United States attorney for the northern
district of California, in the management of land
eases; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. MASON presented a petition of citizens of
the United States residing at Constantinople,
praying an appropriation for a cemetery at that
place; which was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
Mr. HALE presented a communication from
the Secretary of the Navy, in relation to the pur-
chase of a site for a naval depotat Blythe Island,
in the State of Georgia: which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. CHANDLER presented the memorial of
Waters, Lathrop& McNaughton, and others, of
Jackson, Michigan, manufacturers and dealers in
steel, remonstrating against the proposed increase
in the duty on steel, as contemplated by the tariff
bill now pending before Congress; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. FITCH presented the petition of Andrew
J. Holmes, a soldier in the late war with Mexico,
praying a pension; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions. _
Mr. POWELL presented a petition of citizens
of Kentucky and Tennessee, piaying the estab-
lishment of a mail route iiomClmton,Kentucky,
to Dresden, Tennessee; which was referred to the
Committee on the.Post Office and Post Roads.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. HALE, it was
Ordered, That the report of the Secretary of the N&vy,
communicating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate, copies of the correspondence and oilier papers re-
lating to the naval depot at Blythe Island, Georgia, on the
files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
On motion of Mr. DAVIS, it was
Ordered, That the petition of George P. Tbrie be recom-
mitted to the Committee on Military Affairs and Militia.
RILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. HALE asked, and by "unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution (S.
No. 41) for the relief of Arthur Edwards and his
associates; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on the Post Oflic6 and
Post Roads.
Mr. SEBASTIAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
498) for the relief of Mark W. Izard; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Allan's and Militia.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. BAYARD, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom was referred the bill (S.No. 475)
for the establishment and authentication of wills
in the Distiictof Columbia, repuited it without
amendment, and adversely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No; 37££) for the relief of
Gottlieb Scheercr, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration; which was agreed to.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred an act of the Legislature of Califor-
nia, granting the consent of that Legislature to the
formation of a different government for the south-
ern counties of that State, with a statement of the
votes polled in pursuance of that act, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was recommitted the petition of George G. Bar-
nard, assignee of Hon. David C. Broderick, de-
ceased, praying the enactment of a law authoriz-
ing the payment to him of the amount due said
Broderick for salary and mileage at the time of
his death, with the adverse report thereon, sub-
mitted on the 30th of April last, reported the same
without change.
Mr. BAYARD. I am also directed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 804) providing for the punish-
ment of marshals and deputy marshals of the
United States, or other ministerial officers, for
permitting the escape of prisoners in their cus-
tody, to report it back, with two slight amend-
ments, and to ask its present consideration. It
is a bill relating to public justice, and it will not
take three minutes to dispose of it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If no objection
be interposed, it will be considered now.
Mr. LATHAM. ! object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the bill
will lie over.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
79) for the relief of James Henderson, reported
it without amendment, and submitted an adverse
report; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. TOOMBS, from the Committee on Finance,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 501)
making appropriations for sundry civil expenses
of the Government for the year ending the 30th
of .Tune, 1861, reported it with amendments.
Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Territo-
ries, to whom was referred a letter of the Dele-
gate of the Territory of Utah in Congress, in-
closing the memorial of the delegates of the
convention which assembled in Great Salt Lake
City, and adopted a constitution with a view to
the admission of Utah into the Union as a State,
togethcrwithacopy of that constitution, reported
adversely thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 377) for the re-
lief of David V. Whiting, reported it without
amendment, and adversely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition ofR. R- Collier, of Vir-
ginia, praying some furthei legislation for the pro-
tection of slavery, asKed to be disenarged irom
its fuither consideration; which was agreed to.
