1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1799
the object to be attained by that provision is one
which I think he and every one would desire—
that this Government should be sustained in part
by the revenue derived from the public lands. I
will state the object, and perhaps it is better to
give the facts as they now exist. There arc now
in certain States, Minnesota, lo-vva, and Wiscon-
sin and others—1 mention these only because they
are more signally subject to the remark I make
than other States which are partly in the same
condition—surveyed and ready for sale sixty mil-
lion acres of lands, or upwards, that are not ill
market, and cannot be brought into market in
consequence of the conviction which is-forced
on the mind of the Government, that sorrow and
distress, in adegrec unparalleled, would be brought
upon vast numbers of people, and upon their wives
and their children, if it forced the lands into mar-
ket, and compelled the settlers to pay for thom-thc
price which the law requires. There is no pro-
vision now made by which the President could
extend the time forpaymentby these individuals;
they must pay for their lands by the day of sale
or before it, or else any one could come in and
bid against them, over §1 25 an acre, and take from
them their houses and their homes, and turn them
loose on the world. The result has shown, that
if there be mercy in the heart of the Government
that is over tlieni; if there be a regard to anything
like a reasonable and forbearing discretion towards
these people, the Government cannot force on the
sale of these lands, and consequently, as we can-
not distinguish between those that are settled and
those that are unsettled, or we have not heretofore
been able so to distinguish, all of them had to be
kept out of market, and they are not in market
now. I say there are over sixty million acres
now kept out.
When the facts were collected in the General
Land Office some time last fall, there were then
fifty-seven million acres and upwards; and since
then the surveys have continued under the ap-
propriations which Congress has annually made,
until the amount now surveyed and unsold is
undoubtedly upwards of sixty million acres. Act-
ual settlers are upon them, because our public
land system allows them to go oil lands that are
surveyed, and acquire preemptions, and also to go
on lands that are unsurveyed and take the incep-
tive steps towards acquiring preemptions. The
very fact that such'is the case has brought the en- j
tire land system to a stand-still. The revenue
you obtain from public lands has generally been
u little over two million dollars a year, not
quite three million. You have now sixty mil-
lion acres on hand which coutd be put into
market in ninety days-, and would not yield the
Government less than ^90,000,000, for every acre
must sell for $1 25. Vast amounts of that land are
now subject to preemption, and under this bill
not one of those prccmptionerscan receive the land
for a cent less than $1 25 an acre.
I would turn the attention of the Senator to the
fact which 1 will state here, and which Senators
from the States that I have alluded to will not
dispute, that whole counties in those States are
thickly settled, have towns within them, lune j
plantations most prosperously and successfully ;
carried on, and large populations voting thou- !
sands at their elections, and yet have not the ,
first solitary legal title from the Government of
the United States, but the lands all belong to the 1
Government, and the Treasury does net receive a ,
cent for them. The bill provides for this state of '
things. The bill proposes to putin operation again j
the whole land system, which has been brought I
to a staud-still by a defect of which no one was '
aware when the original laws were enacted, and
which no one could foresee.
We talk of increasing the revenue. The Sen- j
atorfiom Georgia, [Mr.Toombs,] some time in !
the latter part of the last winter, made a speech on j
tile financial condition of the country and the ,
Treasury, in the course of which lie referred to
the fact that the Government of the United States, ,
whilst going on toborrow moneyand issue Treas-
ury notes, had then within its power fifty-seven j
million acres of land, which if they were at once 1
put into the market would produce more money
than the Government had an immediate occasion
for; and that this source of revenue going on in its
regular operations would continue to supply the
Government with means, without subjecting us to ;
a course ofpolicy which the Administration, under i
the circumstances in which it was placed, was
compelled to pursue.
So much for the credit. I do not think it is
worth while to speak in regard to that question
any further. It is wisely proposed in this bill
that the Government of the United States, per-
mitting settlers to go on the land, shall give them,
if they settle on unsurveyed lands, two years
from (lato of the filing of the plat;and if theysct-
tle on surveyed lands, two years from the date of
the settlement, within which to perfect their pre-
emption right. The public sale is to take place,
under any circumstances, within two years, and
may take place at any moment that the President
orders the land to be sold; and it will take place
at_thc very first moment that the President shall
think it is good policy and necessary to meet the
wants of the Government. Thus all the people
on these lands will be forewarned; and when they
are forewarned they can go and provide money
for the day which they distinctly foresee, at which
they will have to pay for their lands or lose their
rights. By these terms of credit the Government
gives no title to anybody until he complies with
the bill. If he does not, the lands are sold at pub-
lic sale and bring the highest price that any man
may choose to give for them, even against the
actual settler. The credit here proposed to be
given is different from anything ever devised be-
fore. It was expressly recommended to us in the
Executive message at the last session and the
session before. It is asked earnestly by the Gov-
ernment that something shall be done in regard
to this matter, and I hope the Senator from Ken-
tucky will feel relieved m his own mind from the
action of the proposed credit, so far as that pro-
vision in this bill is concerned.
The next point as to which I propose to say
anything, is with reference to the Senator's re-
marks in regard to foreigners and citizens. I am
inclined to believe that on this point the Senator
from Kentucky addressed himself more particu-
larly to the provisions of the House bill than of
the bill reported by the Senate committee. But
if the Senator did mean to embrace the bill which
now constitutes the unanimousreportoftho Com-
mittee on Public Lands, 1 beg to suggest to him
that this bill presents one singular feature which
I think he will be gratified to recognize, and I will
state it as succinctly as I can. By the express
terms of this bill, for the first time in the history
of all the legislation of this country, it is declared
that no inceptive right ever shall be obtained ex-
cept by one who is inceptively a citizen of the
United States. It then goes on to declare that after
the inceptive citizen—I.mean by this term a man
who has declared his intention to become a citi-
zen—has made that declaration of intention, and
then has, under the terms of this bill, made his
declaration of intention to enter and settle upon a
certain quarter section of land, he may come for-
ward afterwards to enter the land and get the ab-
solute title, but not until lie can present liis cer-
tificate of naturalization at the land office and
show that he is a citizen of the United States.
Thus it is that no inceptive right or claim can be
established by any one who is not an inceptive
citizen; and no absolute title can be perfected
except by one who is an absolute citizen of the
United States.
I call the Senator's attention to the fact that this
is the first time in ,the history of this Government,
from the days of the Revolution to the present
period, that the course of legislation has ever
taken any other direction than the single one
which goes on to invite, to continue to invite, to
extend renewed advantages, to ask, to implore, as
it were, the people of all nations of the eaith to
come and settle among us. The spirit that actu-
ated those laws the Senator thought wise in the
early day in which they were enacted. I venture
to say that he then thought it well that we should
acquire population as rapidly as possible. There
can be no doubt now, I think,even ill thesedays,
that it was then wise to do so. That policy has
peopled vast States for us, and those people have
done no material damage up to this time. Prob-
ably it is well that the system should not continue
to lie cultivated by the legislation of the American
Congress hereafter as itliasbeenherctofoic. That
policy has reached its highest point; it has cul-
minated ; it turns. The hostility to it and the effect
it was producing, have oven broughtinto existence
an extensive and powerful party in this country.
Now, for the first time in the legislation of the
Congress, the principle which I have stated is pro-
posed to be recognized; and I submit to the Sen-
ator from Kentucky that all legislation must be
progressive in its character; and, to be rational
and safe, it must bo moderate in its movements;
it must be slow; it cannot be ultra or violent,
without great danger. Iij this instance, the bill
turns back, in some degree, from what has hith-
erto been the policy, and to prove to you this fact,
I have but to cite to you one single instance in
our laws. Under the laws, as they now stand, a
stranger may go into any Territory or State of
this country where there are public lands, produce
his money at the land office, and enter every foot
ofland, whether lie is a citizen, an alien, or what
not. Let him be ever so strange a foreigner, he
can come here under the laws that now govern our
public lands, asking no preemption or special
privileges, enter the entire Territory, and own it
all. That is the condition of your land laws now.
Sir, this bill proposes restrictions. It proposes
to those who are in earnest, and really desirous
to become citizens, and who will consent to tes-
tify it by becoming citizens before they acquire
lands amongst us—it proposes to them that they
may do it; and it offers not those advantages
which would be liable to cast all Europe on our
shores, and would be liable to cover us with an av-
alanche of people of strange manners and strange
language. I think the provision of the bill which
guards against that, would commend itself to the
Senator, who may be regarded as the very head
of the American party. I think it is wise that it
should take the proposed course in that respect;
for it imposes no restrictions that are not natural,
that are not fair; and to those who are disposed
to act justly, and become really citizens—and we
want none other—it is not a bill that produces
any hardship.
1 cannot but believe that I have answered, on
each of these points—the only ones that I deem it
necessary now to speak upon—and answered sat-
isfactorily, the objections that have been made. I
hope, atieast, that I have succeeded in doing so.
Mr. DAVIS. What is the amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is, in section
five, to strike out the words " now or hereafter,"
and insert " who at the time of the passage of this
act is;" so that, if amended, it will read:
That i¥ any person who. at the time of the passage of
this act is a resident of any ot the States or Ten nones, and
not a citizen of the United States, &.c.
Mr. DAVIS. It is a mere question as to whether
a foreigner shall have the gratuity upon the con-
dition that he is a resident at the time of the pas-
sage of the act, or whether he shall have it if he
conies after the passage of the act. It is a gra-
tuity in either case. The land belongs to the peo-
ple of the States. It is the common property of
every citizen of the United States; and citizens
only have a right to go upon it. A foreigner has ,
no such right. It is a gratuity in his case, whether
we give it in one form or the other. Now, as 1
understand the amendment of the Senator from
Kentucky, it differs only from the language of
the bill in this; that it gives to foreigners now in
the country, and who shall make application to
become citizens, all the advantages which a citi-
zen of the United States can claim in entering on
this land; but does not extend it to those who
shall come hereafter. It strikes me as a good
provision. Otherwise, it is quite clear that our
public lands may be used as a fund with which
to empty the pauper houses of Europe. It would
be easy to bring a pauper for less than the value
of one hundred and sixty acres of land, and settle
him upon it, and perhaps to keep him there for
five years, so as to get the title to one hundred
and sixty acres of land. The Senator from Ten-
nessee, when he introduced his original bill, I
observed, guarded against that, which I consid-
ered a great defect in the House bill. He restricted
it to citizens, and those who had made a declara-
tion to become citizens; but the House bill threw
it open to all.
Mr. GRIMES. Allow me to make one sugges-
tion to the Senator.
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. GRIMES. Under the law as it nowstands,
the pauper houses of Europe, as the Senator al-
leges, may be emptied upon our shores, and those
paupers may enter lands at twelve and a half
cents an acre without ever becoming citizens of
