780
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
bill (S. No. 172) concerning the courts of the Uni-
ted States in the district of Arkansas; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on th^ Judiciary.
Mr. PUGH asked, and by unanimous'consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.'No. 173) to
authorize writs of error in cases prosecuted by
indictment; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr, MALLORY, in pursuance of previous
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 178) to provide for the construction of a
marine hospital, in Appalachicola, in the State of
Florida; which was read twicc by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
He also, in pursuance of previous notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 179)
to provide for the construction of a court-house
in Appalachicola, in the State of Florida; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
He also, in pursuance of previous notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 180)
to provide for the construction of a post office at
Appalachicola, in the State of Florida; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
He also, in pursuance of'prcvious notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 181)
to provide for the construction of a custom-house
in Appalachicola, in the State of Florida; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
PRINTING Off A BILL.
On motion of Mr. HAUN, it was
Ordered, That tin- bill (S. No. 167) for the purpose, of aid-
ing in the construction of a railroad actors that poition of
the public domain lying between the Mississippi liver and
the eastern boundary of the State ol California, he printed.
MKS. ANN M. SMITH.
Mr. CAMERON. I ask the permission of the
Senate to move the consideration of the bill for
  the relief of Mrs. Gcneial Smith. It passed the
House of Representatives last year, and would
have passed this body if we had had fivp minutes
more to spare at the close of the session. It will
occupy but a moment, and I ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate to take it up now.
Mr. SLIDELL. I am very reluctant ft> inter-
pose ail objection; but I am desirous of having
the special order considered.
Mr. CAMERON. I am going to be absent for
a week, and I desire to have the bill disposed of
before I go away. The ease is known to every
one, and will not take a moment, I am sure. It
js the case of the widow of General Persifer
Smith.
Mr. SLIDELL. I shall not object to it, if it be
understood that it will lead to no debate.
Mr. CAMERON. If it leads to any debate, I i
will withdraw it. '
There being no objection, the Senate, as.in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill (S. No. 73) for the relief of Mrs. Ann M.
Smith, widow of the late Brevet Major General
Persifer F. Smith. It directs the Secretary of the
Interior to place her name on the pension list, at
<-V*at(i a dollars Per month, from the 17th
et May, 1858, to continue during her natural life.
Mr. CLAY. Read the report.
1 he PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstands that there is no written report accom-
panying the bill.
1 am °P.P°scd to the passage
i i1-1® '-a desire to give my reasons for it,
it the bill is pressed at tilts time. It is contrary
to the general principle which has been adopted
by the Government in reference to pensions, and
l think this is a case which oughtnot to be passed
above all others.' If the bill is now pressed, I
desire to be heard against its passage. I have
argued the question somewhat at length before.
General Smith was a very meritorious and excel-
lent officer He went late into the service of the
United States. I believe he went in not less than
a coionei, perhaps as a general 
i Mr; CAMERON. , 1 Si"<i that if there was to
bo a debate on the subject, I would withdraw my
motion; and I now do «o.
The further consideration of the bill was post-
poned. 1
RELATION 01' THE STATES.
Mr. CLARK. I move to take up the resoli^
tions some time since submitted by the honorable*
Senator from Mississippi, [Mr Davis,] with the
view to postpone them, and to make them the
order of the day for Monday next, at half past
one o'clock. "
The motion to take up the resolutions was
agreed to; and their further consideration was
postponed to and made the special order of the
day for Monday next, at half past one o'clock.
POST OFFICE DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. The Post Officeappropriation
bill is on the table, having been sent from the
House of Representatives. I move to postpone
all prior orders for the purpose of considering that
bill.
Mr. SLIDELL. I have but a single word to
say on the subject of the priority of business. I
have reason to believe, at least I have seen no in-
timation here, that anything like protracted debate
will occur on the bill for the regulation of banking
in the District of Columbia, which is the special
order; and I am told that there will be considera-
ble debate on the amendment abolishing the frank-
ing privilege, which was added by the Senate to
the bill which the Senator from Virginia now pro-
poses to take up. It seems to me as it is a matter
of great public interest, we ought to act on that at
once, and if he will give me an assurance that it
will not consume much time, I will yield for an
hour or so to that bill.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not know what debate
there will be on it. I am unable say. I only
know that this is a bill for which there is imme-
diate urgency. It seems to me the Senate ought
to prefer its consideration to any other measure;
but it is a question which 1 submit to them. The
Senate will decide it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is m order. It is moved to postpone the special
order now pending, and all other prior orders,
' with a view to take up the bill indicated by the
Senator from Virginia.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the action of the
House of Representatives on the amendments
of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 1) makin*-
appropriations to defray the deficiencies in the
appropriations for the service of the Post Office
Department for the fiscal year ending 30th June,
1859, and in part for the support of the Post Office
Department for the year ending 30th June, 18G0.
The House of Representatives having concurred
in the first five amendments of the Senate, the
only remaining question was on the sixth amend-
ment, in which the House non-concurred. That
amendment was, to add .as a new section:
Sec. 6. Jlndhe it further enacted, That from and after
the 10th day of Aprii next, the (ranking privilege be, and
the same is hereby, totally abolished; and that all lan sand
parts of law* authorizing the receiving and s^ndm"- am
matter through the mails, fiee of postage, be, and the samp
are hereby, tepcaled.
Mr. I-IUNTER. I am convinced, sir, that the
House of Representatives does not intend to agree
to this legislation on this bill. As I said when it
was up, 1 thought it was right, if we could pass
this reform, to try the House, to take their sense;
that if they agreed with us, it would be no objec-
tion to them because it was on an appropriation
bill. They have, however, refused to concur. I
am not disposed to attempt to force them to this
legislation, however much I desire it, through an
appropriation bill. Therefore, I move theft the
Senate recede from the amendment.
Mr. FITCH. I ask for the yeas and nays upon
that motion. Many imputations have been cast
on the Senators on this side of the House in rela-
tion to the franking privilege, which' I am dis-
H posed to meet, by my vote. I do not like to have
;i it go before the world that we arc not really sin-
| cere in this thing; and we are now placed in that
1 position.
Mr. GWIN. If the Senate recede from this
amendment, I shall bring up the bill to abolish
the franking privilege which has been reported
from the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will inquire of the Senator from Indiana whether
he makes a demand for the yeas and navs >
Mr. FITCH. No, sir. 1 withdraw^he call
| ior the yeas and nays.
Mr. POWELL. I call for them. I hope the
Senate will not recede.
Mr. SLIDELL. I prefer to have the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not purpose to detain the
Senate by any discussion, but to state, as far as
my own opinion goes, that I am prepared to vote
for a bill abolishing the franking privilege, be-
cause I consider that the abuses which have grown
up under it can be corrccted in no other mode;
but I am not willing, in this case, as I have in
other cases said, to attempt, by means of an ap-
propriation bill, to force legislation on a coordi-
nate branch of the Legislature. I shall therefore,
as they have chosen to dissent from the amend-
ment of the Senate by a decided vote, vote to re-
cede; but 1 am prepared to insist on any bill, prop-
erly framed, to repeal this privilege.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 42, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Iienjamin. Blgler,
Bingham, Bright, Chandler, Claik. Clingman, Collainer,
Ciittendcn, Dixon, Doolittle, Durkee, Fessenden, Foot,
Foster, Grimes, Hale, Hamlin, Harlan, llaun, Hemphill,
Hunter, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of Tenne^ee, Ken-
nedy, King, Nicholson, Pearee, Pugh, Rice, Salisbury,
Seward, Simmons, Sumner, Ten Ej-ck, Thomson, Toombs,
Trumbull, Wade, and Wilkinson—4-2.
NAYS—Messrs. Davis, Fitch, Fitzpatiiek, Green, Iver-
son, Lane, Mallory, Mason, Powell, Slidell, and Wig-
fall—11. ' h
So the Senate receded from its amendment.
Mr. TOOMBS. I voted in the affirmative for
the purpose of moving a reconsideration of the
vote that has just been taken, which I now do.
! The fact of a % ote being called for did not arrest
my attention; and I wish now briefly to offer the
> reasons why I think the Senate ought not to rc-
j cede from this amendment. It seems to me, from
the debate which took place m this body when the
bill was before it, that there was almost a unanim-
ity of sentiment, so far as it was indicated by the
debate in the Senate, in favor of abolishing the
j franking privilege. The objections urged against
it mainly, if not exclusively, were, that it was
mo I "ol;i f i i r  "* nn o tlms "UIl 1 . il. .i  •
^ J 7   vw.,w; , KXXU.i, 11, >VClO
legislating on an appropriation bill; that it was in
a bad place; that it was inopportune for that rea-
son; that'this legislation ought not to be done in
j that way; and some gentlemen went to the fullest
< extent, that they would vote for no legislation on
a bill so important as this was, which was so neces-
sary to the public service, and was so urgently
demanded by the public creditors. I really was
' induced to believe, at the time* that gentlemen
I were in earnest when they made these objections,
and probably many of them were; but we find 
, and I mention this as a reason why we oughtnot
; to recede—that not only has this House, but the
i other, voted for a measure offercd"as an amend-
! ment to this bill, making a radical change m the
j laws of the United States. The motion was made,
, when this bill was before the Senate, by the hon-
i orable Senator from Mississippi [J\ir. Browk] to
| amend it by inserting a provision changing your
| laws regulating the public printing, by excepting
j a particular piece of that printing from the gen-
j eral law passed in 1852, and putting that, under a
j new rule, to the highest bidder." There was, I be-
| heve, but one Senator in this Chamber who made
an objection to it on that ground, and declared his
purpose not to vote for it; but it was adopted with-
out a division in Committee of the Whole, and
when we went into the Senate it was adopted
without a dissent from any quarter, so far as I
saw or heard. Nobody at least called for a divi s-
lon, jNobody ealled for the yeas and nays.
So this principle of legislating upon this bill
where it suited the Senate, I "may sav, was unan-
imously affirmed. It went to the other branch,
! and I see that the House of Representatives have
legislated upon the same subject. The amend-
i mentas to the printing patronage suited them,and
j they instantly abandoned their principles, and I
! wish to give notice that in future I do not wish to
; be met with that objection. Both Houses have
'■ solemnly decided that even an appropriation hill
of an extraordinary character, demanding the
, most immediate action from the necessities of the
public creditors, is not of the least consequence;
|; that you can put on it any legislation you please,"
even in regard to the public pnntintr, altenn"- the
1 existing laws of the land whenever it suits Tioth
bodies. All arguments tliatit ought not to bedone
111 such coses are voted down by a y,Ty "i'"atnrt
jority of both branches. Therefore, when I am
' mct with this objection again, it shall be open to
: such comment as, in my judgment, it deserves. I
