1800
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
the United States. Under this amended bill, they
may come here, but they must become citizens
before they can receive the title, and then they
must pay twenty-five cents an acre.
Mr. DAVIS. Under the graduation act, we all
know that land is reduced at last to twelve and a
half cents an acre, and we know that a foreigner
can go upon it and buy it at the price fixed under
the graduation act. It is quite a different case,
however, when new land is thrown into market
when She chance is to pick the cream of newly ac-
quired territory or of newly surveyed territory.
There may bo land which any one will value at
five or ten dollars an acre. It is quite a different
matter from taking that land which has remained
in market for thirty years, and under the grad-
uation act has sunk to the price of fef&sc land in
the midst of settled countries. The cases are very
unlike.
Then again, sir, I do not at this time—and those
who know my opinions very well would not ex-
pect me at any time to make any attack on those
foreigners who may wish to come and settle in
our country, and to become citizens and land-
holders here. I do not think, however, we should
offer to them inducements to send their refuse
population here, and use the common treasure of
the United States—its public lands—to defray the
expense. I am, therefore, in favor of the amend-
ment of the Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I do not in-
tend to consume the time of the Senate. When
we come to examine this bill in this respect, I
think it will be conceded by all that it is an im-
provement on the existing laws. By ou1' pre-
emption laws any foreigner, who has made a
declaration of intention to become a citizen, can
go and locate on the public lands. There is no
restraint whatever. And, in addition to this, by
filing his declaratory certificate, he can enter it at
the Government priee, without ever becoming a
citizen of the United States. If there is anything
in the argument made by thos%who are opposed
to the fifth section, the system as it stands—the
law as it now is—is much worse than the pro-
vision here proposed. The fifth scction of the bill,
proposes—what? If you are now a resident of
any State or Territory, or shall hereafter become
a resident of any State or Territory, having filed
your declaration of intention to become a citizen,
you make an entry of land; and if, before the
expiration of the five years, you shall become a
citizen, then the Government passes its title to
you.
It is very easy to talk aboutjaii-birds,and for-
eigners, and paupers, and all that description of
tiling; but when we come to examine our natu-
ralization law, it must be clear to all who under-
stand anything about it that that description of
persons cannot become citizens of the United
States. What does your naturalization law re-
quire? Does it not require the man to take an
oath renouncing all allegiance toany foreign prince
or potentate; and that he behoves, in effect, in our
form of government; that he adheres to the Con-
stitution; and, in addition to that, must he not go
before a court, and show, by proof satisfactory
to the court, that he is a man of good moral char-
acter, and attached to your institutions? Then,
this bill first requires—what? He shall declare
an intention to become a citizen, and ho shall act-
ually become a citizen of the United States, before
the patent can pass; and before he can become a
citizen, he must prove to the courts that lie is
a man of good moral character. What becomes
of all that idea about paupers and loafers and jail-
birds ?
But I do not know, Mr. President, that a man
gams anything by his particular place of birth.
It is true that we, by our education, and perhaps
from some instinct, have attachments for our place
of birth. This is alt well enough. I like to see
it; but what is the objection to allowing England
and Ireland and Scotland and Russia and Prussia
and Austria and Prance and all the Powers of the
earth, if they think proper, to grow men, and lose
the time, and incur the expense of raising them, and
send able-bodied men here, men that are grown
with muscles and sinews, ready to be brought in
contact with the soil, which is to result in produc-
tion and adding to the national wealth? These
men come Of their own free will, after having com-
pared the character of our institutions with their
own. If they, of their own good will, voluntarily
come to the United States, preferring our form of
go vernmen t, and complying with all its conditions,
1 do not think there is any very great objection
to it.
When we come to examine this feature, there,
we find, is one of the great secrets of the vast
and rapid and vigorous progress of tho country.
It is, that other countries have produced labor;
that other countries have consumed the time in
which the labor was to be grown; that other
countries have incurred the expense of raising
it; and after this was done, it was transferred to
us ready to commence the work of production..
That isone of the great secrets of the rapid ad-
vancement of this country. I do not know that
a man is entitled to claim any very great credit
because he was simply born in the United States.
Many of us are here because we cannot help our-
selves. It is not a matter of choice, but a matter
of necessity. Then I do not see why a man
should be discriminated against who is a man of
good moral character, who has bones and sinews
and the will to produce and to work, merely be-
cause he was born in another land. I do not
know that the objection is valid against him when
he comes here and proposes to comply with all
our laws. When we compare this provision of
the bill with former laws, as I before remarked,
we find that it is a safer and better provision, ad-
mitting the validity of the arguments offered by
those who arc against it, than the present system;
for it says that tho title shall bo passed to no one
until he becomes a citizen of the United States;
and no man can be a citizen of the United States
until he has proved that he is a person of good
moral character.
We talk about the legislation of our fathers on
this subject. They have legislated wisely, and
we have profited by it. This is carrying out pre-
cisely the same idea on which they commenced,
and on which the Government has progressed.
I! used to be the good old doctrine of this Repub-
lic or the democracy, or by whatever name you
think proper to call it, to say to all those men
who make good citizens, " Come—yes, come, and
take protection beneath our stripes and our stars;
come, and participate with us in this feast of lib-
erty and of freedom that we enjoy." These used
to be the doctrines of Jefferson, and of Madison,
and of Washington, and the fathers who have
been before us. I say, if you love the nature and
character of our free institutions better than you
do yourown, where you are downtrodden and op-
pressed, and where the heel of the tyrant stands
on the nock of the oppressed, come and comply
with our laws. I would even go further, and in
the language of the philanthropist, 1 would say,
that the world is my home, and every honest
man is my brother.
This is a better law than the one we now have.
It restricts, and restrains, and confines it to those
who must be good citizens, who must be men of
good moral character, before they can enjoy the
benefit of tho provisions of this bill. I do not
see why we should discriminate between the man
who is now a resident and one who may come in
to-morrow, and fix his residence, and in five years
become a citizen. There can be no difference. If
this policy js wrong, when you are holding out an
invitation to foreigners to come, then I say your
whole land system is based on an invitation to
foreigners to come. You offer them cheap land
for an inducement; you offer them the elective
franchise; you offer them freedom; you extend
to them equality and justice, which they do not
get in their own lands. If the doctrine now ad-
vanced is to be carried out, you must abolish your
land system, or run your land up to such ex-
orbitant. prices that these men coming into the
country cannot acquire it. If we carry on our
system and foreigners do come, had they not bet-
ter be passed into those pursuits that are indus-
trial; which will result in adding to the capacity,
the power, and greatness of the country? Itseems
to me that we should do so. But I do not intend to
consume the time of the Senate in the discussion
of this proposition. I do hope we shall geta vote
on the various amendments and end the subject.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator from Tennessee, I
tlnnk, argues the question differently from the
manner ill which it is presented in the amend-
ment. In the few remarks which I made on it I
was not contending that this bill would be worse
as it stands than the existing law. I think it
would be better. If it cannot be amended, I think
it will still be an improvement on the existinglaw,
and I shall take it; but then I think the Senator
from Kentucky offers an amendment which will
improve the bill which is before us. The ques-
tion is not between this bill and the existing law,
but between the language of the bill and the amend-
ment of the Senator from Kentucky. As to the
proposition that there is no difference between the
foreigner who is here now, and the foreigner that
may come hereafter, the difference, it strikes me,
is a very broad one. Tho man who is here now
came because he chose to be of us. He came
without other temptation than our institutions
offered to him, or without other prompting, per-
haps, than tho necessity for bread which drove
liini here. Now it is proposed to offer an induce-
ment, to give him a land bribe to come here. I
think there is a marked difference between the
man who comes without an offer and the man
who comes after it.
I do not wish to raise tho price of the land, so
as to prevent a poor man, either a native or a for-
eigner, from buying it. I do make a difference
between my own kith and kin and that of any-
body else. It is only those who bccome assimi-
lated with us whom I can ever put in my own heart
oil the same footing that I do my own country-
men. Is there anything strange in this' Docs
a man allow a stranger to come and share with
his children his bread? Does a man turn from
the child he has reared, and say, " it is better I
should have a growu-up man in my house?" No,
sir; the attachment of the child to the homo where
he was roared is like that which every man feels
for his country. There is a difference.
I have made too many speeches against Native
Americanism, on a field where such subjects were
discussed, to make it necessary for me to repeat
any of them now. My opinions against that
which I consider a political heresy are too well
known to require me to vindicate them in the Sen-
ate. When we are legislating in relation to tho
public domain, which I hold to be the common
property of the United States, I choose to keep in
view the use of it, so as to make it serve the pur-
pose of a common fund, and inure.not only to the
immediate, but to the permanent benefit of the
United States; and the people of the United States,
as I said before, are those alone who have any
right to this land; who can go and incorporate
their labor with it as common property, of which
they are joint owners.
Mr. F'lTZPATRICK* I do not rise for the
purpose of discussing this bill. The clock ad-
monishes me that its friends hardly expect to get
a vote to day.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. That is what
we desire, if possible.
Mr. PITZPATRICK. It is a very great sys-
tem. It proposes a radical change in our whole
land system, and one whieh I think should receive
the deliberate consideration of every member of
the Senate before it comes to a vote. It is one in
which I feel a deep interest myself, but I was
not able to get hold of the bill until late yesterday
evening. Portions of the bill commend themselves
to my favorable consideration; but I am frank to
say that there are other portions of the bill which
I should rather examine and scrutinize more par-
ticularly than I have done. Ally measure which
takes tho sweeping range this does with the whole
landed system of this country, should certainly
receive all that consideration that its importance
demands. Wo have a very thin Senate, and I
think in the time that will intervene between now
and the period when we shall have a full Senate,
Senators can investigate this question, and we
can look into it as we wish to do. We are within
a short time of the hour of adjournment, now, and
I rise simply to ask the Senate to proceed to the
consideration of executive business. There are
some matters that require the action of the Senato
in that capacity. I therefore move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I hope the
Senate will not procecd to the consideration of
executive business. We are nearly through this
bill, and the idea that there has not been time to
consider the proposition is rather novel. This
bill has been under consideration for about four-
teen years. Now, after discussing it during
nearly all this session, in both Houses of Con-
