1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2745
There beingnoobjcction,theSenate,asin Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill (S. No. 448) to carry into effect the provisions
of the treaties between the United States, China,
Japan, Siam, Persia, and other countries, giving
certain judicial powers to ministers and consuls,
orothev fuuctioimriesof the United States in these
countiics, and for other purposes.
Mr. BAYARD. The bill being a long one, it
is unnecessary to read it, and I can state its sub-
stance. It was carefully examined by the hon-
orable Senator from Illinois. It merely reenacts
our former law, and it extends it over these coun-
tries, with a few additional provisions that have
been found requisite. It was drawn with great
cpre by the Department, and it is really essential
for the interests of the country that a bill of this
kind should pass.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In line nine, of section fif-
teen, the woid " or" ought to be " of." It is a
verbal amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The changc
will be made. That is a mere clerical error, which
can be rectified.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As has been stated by the
Senator from Delaware, most of the bill is an ex-
tension of an act now existing, vesting certain
judicial authorities in our ministers and consuls
in China, Siam, Persia, and Japan; but there are '
also some additional sections. I think it proper
that the- Senate should know what they are. I
have assented to them myself: but the additional
sections provide for the appointment of marshals
in those foreign countries to execute the neces-
sary process, to bring before them the parties,and
also provide for the renting of rooms to confine
prisoners. I must confess that such a proposition
as that, for appointing marshals in foreign coun-
tries, and hiring rooms there, did not strike me
favorably; but really 1 see no way by which these
treaties can be carried out, unless such power is
given. We are unwilling to trust these semi-bar-
barous countries with the trial of offenses com-
mitted by our citizens; and we have leservtd the
right to try them ourselves. If we reserve the
right, we mustprovide the msans for trying them.
If a Japanese commits an offense upon one of our
citizens in Japan, we insist that he shall be pun-
ished for it according to the Japanese law; and if
an American commits 
Mr. MASON. I hope the Senator will allow
me to add a word there. I think, in confirmation
of his views, that the treaties not only reserve the
right, but make it incumbent upon the United
States to-provide those tribunals.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 think they do make it
incumbent on us; and if an American commits an
offence there we must provide means for trying him
and punishing him; and the correspondence shows
that there must be somebody to execute the pro-
-cess. Thu bill is carefully guarded. It provides
that not more than a certain number shall be
appointed, at not exceeding a salary of §1,000.
Under the provisions of the treaty I see no other
way than to pass some such law; and therefore I
concurred in recommending the passage of this
bill.
Mr. BAYARD. There are some amendments,
which are merely formal, that I desire to make, at
a suggestion of the Department. In line six, sec-
tion twenty-one, I move to strike out the words,
"of the Sublime Porte," and insert the woid
"Ottoman" between the words "the''and "do-
minions." It is a different mode of description.
It is considored better and more effective.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, if there be no
objection, that modification will be made.
Mr. BAYARD. I have another amendment:
wherever the word " offense" is spelt with an
" s," instead of a " c,",to strike out the " s" and
inseit " c," bccausCit is an offense against the
English language to spell it in that way. [Laugh-
ter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That modifi-
cation will be made.
Mr. BAYARD. I move also, in the fourteenth
line of the twenty-eigth section, to strike out the
second " u" in the word " employee."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be so
modified.
Mr. BAYARD. i have one other formal amend-
ment, which is essential. It is, in the ninth line
of the first section, to insert the word" invested,
insload of "vested."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That change
will be made.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in, and the
bill ordered to be engrossed, and read a third time.
It was read the third time, and passed.
SMITH & HUNT.
Mr. FITCH. The Senator from Louisiana,
[Mr. Slidell,] a moment since, objected to a bill
which is right in itself. I understand he desires
to withdraw that objection.
Mr. SLIDELL. It was made under a misap-
prehension. I was mistaken as to the character
of the bill; and in order to correct my mistake, I
now move that the bill be taken up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen-
ator indicate the bill?
Mr. SLIDELL. It was the bill reported by
the Senator from Michigan.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is the bill for the relief
of Smith & Hunt.
Mr FITCH. I trust that the bill will be taken
up. It is proper, just, and right that we should
pass it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hears no objection.
There being no objection, the Senate,as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill (H. R. No. 317) for the relief of Smith &
Hunt, of Toledo, Ohio.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
PATENT OFFICE REPORT.
Mr. HEMPHILL submitted the following mo-
tion; winch was referred to the Committee on
Printing:
Ordered, That fifteen thousand copies of the annual re-
port <>t the Conimi^sionci of Patent? on agricultuie, t'orthc
year 1859, bo. printed, in addition to the ten thousand or-
deied February 9, 1860, Tor the use of the Senate.
THE PATENT OFFICE.
On motion of Mr. HARLAN, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the lcsolution submitted by
himon Junefi: which was agreed to, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretaiy of the Interior be directed
to furnish the Senate with copies of all bids for, and of all
contiacts entered into (or, fittins up the saloons of the east
and west wings of the Patent Office with model cases and
gallenes, with a statement of the amount of appropriations
made for fitting up cadi saloon,and the amount paid tor
the s?ame—giving copics of the ineasuicrs' Itills m each
ca-se—and specifying particularly the quantity of iron east-
hies u^cd and the puce paid per pound therefor; also, the
quantity of iron work.and the price paid per pound orfoot.
And al>o, whether any part of the fitting up of said saloons
was given out without iceeiving bute therefor ; and if so,
what poi tions were so given out, by whom, and to whom
given out, and what amount was paid lot the same.
CHICAGO HARBOR.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I gave notice, some days
ago, that I would this morning call up the motion
to reeonsidcr the vote by which the Senate passed
House joint resolution No. 11. My colleague, at
the instance of the Senator from Alabama, [Mr.
Clay,] moved to reconsidei the vote by which it
was passed. It lias been pending a long tune,
and I desire to have the motion to reconsider dis-
posed of.
Several Sf.natoks. What is if?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is a resolution directing
the mode of the expenditure of the unexpended
balance of an appropriation for the repair of the
light-house and pier at Chicago.
Mr. SLIDELL. I will state that the Senator
from Alabama, who is detained at his house by
severe indisposition, has examined this question
fully, and is desirous of expressing his views upon
it. ltinvolves, in his opinion, the whole question
of internal improvement. It it quite impossible to
get through with it this morning.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It involves, in my judg-
ment, no such question at all. It does not ask for
the appropriation of a dollar of money; but it is
merely to direct the expenditure of an appropri-
ation, which was made by the last Congress, of
some eighty thousand dollars for the " protec-
tion"—r think the language of the law was—of
thu light-house at Chicago. The light-house at
Chicago is situated out upon a pier; and in con-
struing that law, the Secretary of the Treasury
has given it, as 1 think, rather a narrow construc-
tion: Perhaps he is justified by the language of
the law, but 1 shall have no dispute about that.
The objcct of this resolution is to direct him as to
the expenditure of the money. He hair already
expended a part in repairing the light-house itself.
Now, the light-house cannot be protected without
protecting (he pier; and the object of this-resolu-
tion is to direct him to expend the money gener-
ally upon the improvement of the pier, which tends
into the harbor at Chicago. That is the whole
question. The resolution has passed the House
of Representatives, and has passed the Senate,
but is suspended here on a motion to reconsider.
I am aware that the Senator from Alabama is
not present; that ho is unwell. I called attention
to this matter some days since, and gave notice
that I would call it up to-day. It has been pend-
ing for a long time. We are approaching the
close of the session. After having given notice
that I would call it up this morning, I think it but
just that I should be allowed to do so. There is
no certainty when the Senator from Alabama will
be heie. My object in giving the notice was that
he might have an opportunity, if he desired, to be
present. My colleague is also absent, whom I
desire to have here. Ho moved the reconsidera-
tion at the suggestion of. the Senator from Ala-
bama. I am willing that there shall be a test vote
on the reconsideration, and let us SGttle it at once.
If the Senate refuses to reconsider the resolution,
it will stand passed. I do not wish to take up any
time in regard to it; but let us have a vote as to
whether we shall reconsider. I trust the Senate
will not reconsider. It is tut a simple matter,
and does not involve, in my judgment, any such
principles as the Senator from Louisiana i ntimates,
for there is no appropriation of money in it.
The PRESIDING'OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.)
The question now. is on taking up the motion to
reconsidcr the vote by which the joint resolution
was passed.
Mr. DAVIS. To take it up at this time, in the
absence of the chairman of the Committee on
Commerce, at whose request the reconsideration
was moved, seems to me to be something less
than what is due to the question. It does not
matter whether the money has been contained in
an appropriation bill omot. As a fiscal question,
it is exactly the same as if we were going to ap-
propriate the money at this time. The effect is
to take money out of the Treasury, though it may
not be to put money in an appropriation bill, ft
is, therefore, so far as the money is concerned,
upon exactly the same footing as though it were
now proposed to make an appropriation of this
amount.
I concur in the view presented by the Senator
from Lousiana. ,1 think the repair" of the pier
which connects the light-house with the shore is
for the purpose of improving the entrance into the
harbor, and is strictly a question of harbor im-
provement: and though the connection of the pier
with the light-house may be subservient to the
interests of the light-house—may even tend to
secure the light-house—it is quite clear that the
pier would not have been built merely with a
view to got to the light-house. We have too
many light-houses standing detached from ihe
shore to admit of such a supposition. That
greatest of all our light-house works, the one upon
Minot's Ledge, would require far more to connect
with the shore than it did to construct the work
itself. It is, therefore, not essential in this or in
any other case to have such connection, though
it may be convenient; but that the pier is for the
purpose of the harbor improvement there can be
110 question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is 011 taking up the motion to reconsider.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to make one sug-
gestion in regard to taking up this question. It
has been pending now for some time—I think for
more than a month—at the instance of the Senator
from Alabama, and attention has been attempted
to be called to it several times, and 1 have given
notice that I would call it up at this time. It is a
privileged question, and I trust that the Senate
will allow it to come up and be disposed of. So far
as the vote is concerned, I understand that my
colleague is paired with the Senator from Ala-
bama; so that their absence will not aftect the re-
sult.
Mr. SLIDELL. A very brief reply to what
