I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
359
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
The Slavery Question—Mr. Wade.
Ho. on Reps.
he that despiseth the gam ot oppressions, that shakcth his
hand at holding of bribes, thatstoppeth his ears from hearing
of blood, and shutteth his eyes irom seeing evil;
" 16. lie shall dwell on high: his place of defense shall be
the munitions of rocks: bread shall be given him; his
waters shall be sure."—Ibid., chap. 33.
"6. If ye oppressnotthestianger,the fatherless,and the
widow, and shed not innocent blood in this place, neither
walk after other gods to your hurt;
(l7. Then will t cause you to dwell in this place in the
land that I gave your fathers, forever and ever."—Jeremiah,
chap. 7.
"12. O hou*c of David, thu* saith the Lord; Execute
judgment m the morning, and deliver him that is spoiled
out of the hand of the oppressor, lest my fury go out like
fire,ami limit that none can quench it, because ot the evil
of jour doingi.''1—Ibid., chap. 21.
*  {3. Tims saith the Loid; Execute ye judgment and
riglueousne&s, and deliver the spoiled out of the hand of
the oppic.^ser: and do no wiong, do no violence to the s>tra i -
gcr, the fatheilcss, nor the widow, neithei shed innocent
blood in this place."
'•5. But if ye will not hear these woids, 1 swear by my-
self, saith the Lor 1, that this hous>e ^hall become a desola-
tion.'"
" 13. Woe unto him that buildeth his house by umight-
* eou-nesfc, and his chambers by wiong ; that useth his neigh-
bor's scrvice without wages, and givcth him not ior his
woik."
" 16. He judged the cause of the pooi and needy \ then
it wati well withlum: was not this to know me? saith the
Loid.  
"17. But thine eyes and thy heart are not but for thy
eovetoufanesss, and ior to shed innocent blood, and for op-
pression, and for violence, to do it."—Ibid., chap. 22.
Mr. Chairman, had our fathers obeyed these
injunctions, "in the morning" of the thrice-ac-
cursed slave trade, what might not *( our own, our
native land" have been ? But it is night now—
dark, impenetrable midnight. And when, oh !
when will the sun of freedom rise anil-shed its
holy light upon this pall of utter darkness ?
"15. Shalt thou reign, because thou closest thyself in
cedar? did not thy father eat and drink, and do judgment
and justicc, and then it was well with him r
"lf>. lie judged the cause ot the poor and needy; then it
wa- well with hnn : was not this to know me? sauh the
Loid?
" 17. But thine eyes and thine heart are not but tor thy
covctousness, and tor to shed innocent blood, and for op-
pre-Mon, and tor violence, to do it.
'■18. Theiufoic thui s>a th the Lord concerning Jehoi-
akim the son of Josiah King of Judah ;
" 19 He >hall be buued with the bunalof an ass,dia\vn
* and east forth beyond the gates of Jerusalem."—Jeremiah,
chap. 22.
And they "served him right.''
u5. But if a man be just, and do that which is lawful and
right.55
  7. And hath not oppressed any, but hath restoied the
debtoi hi< pledge, hath spoiled none by violence, hath
given his bread to the hungry, and hath coveied the naked
wi"i a garment
"0. He i-ju«st. he shall surely live."
'•18, As tor lib fathci, because he c?uell> oppics'ed,
spo,l«*<l hi.-, biother by violence, and did not «hat which is
good among In* peo'pb*, 1«>, even he shall die in lus in-
iquit\."—Kzekicl, cltap. IS. _
•• 7" He is a merchant, the balances of deceit are in his
hand-*: he loveth to oppie^s."—Ilosea, chap. 10.
••j>7. Break off thy sins by lighreousncs*, and thine iniqui-
ties by shewing mercy to the poor; if it may be a lengthen-
in; of thy tranquillity-"-—Daniel, chap. 4.
And because he would not heed this warning,
Ncbuchadnezzar was turned out to grass.
■'3. And tiiey have c.M lots l'oi my people: and have
given a boy ior a linlot, and told a girl fol wine, that they
might drink.:1—Joel, chap. 3.
Well, why not, if slaves are property? And
why should the prophet seem to grumble at this?
Way not a man do what he will with his own ?
" 1. Hear this woid, ye kine of Bashan, that arc m the
mountains of Samai .a, which oppiess the poor, which crush
the needv, winch say to their masters, Bring, and let us
xhe Lord God hath sworn by His holiness, that lo,
the day shall come that He will takejou away with hooks,
and youi po^tcufy with fish-hook* «9 ios, chap. 4.
u t. Ye who turn judgment to woimwood, and leave oft
righteousness in the eatlh.
u 8. Seek Hun that maketli the seven stars and Orion,
* * * * "The Lord i«lu«s name.
 k 0. That nrengthoieth the spoiled against the strong.
" 10. Tiiey hate him thatiebuketh in the gate ; and tiiey
abhor him that >peakcth upnghtly. '
"11. t orasmuch. therefoie, a^ \ our treading is upon the
poor, and ye take from them buidens of wheat:"
"10. For i know your mamlold tiansgre? ions and your
mighty they afiliet the just, they take a bribe, they
turn ande the poor in the gate Irom their light.
"13. Thcretoie, the prudent shall keep admit; for it is
an evil time."—Ibid., chap. 5.
"4. Hear this O ye that swallow up the needy, even to
make the poor of the land to fail."
'• 6. That we may buy the poor for silver, and the needy
foi a pair of allocs.
"7. The Loul hath sworn by the excellency of Jacob,
Surely I will never lorget any ot their works.'"—-Jbid.,
phap. 8.
This ccrtainly is not the language of approba-
tion of the traffic in slaves, or of the project of
transforming poor free laborers into slaves, as
some of our southern friends seem to think may
be done on Scripture principles, as well as on those
of economy.
"2 And they covet fields, and take them by violence;
and houses, and they take them away; so they oppress a
man and his house, even a man and his heritage.—Micah,
chap. 2.
Woe to them !
{*'8. He hath showed thee, Oman, what is good*, and what
doth the Lord lequire of thee, but to do justly, and to love
mercy, and to walk humbly with thy God?"—Micah,
chap. 6.
4£0. Thus f-peaketh the Lord of hosts, saying, Execute
true judgment, and show mercy and compassions every man
to his brother:
" 10. And oppress not the widow, nor the fatherless, the
stranger,nor the poor; and let none of you imagine evil
against his brother in your heait.
"11. But they relused to hearken, and pulled away the
shoulder, and stopped their cars, that they should not hear.
—Zachariah, chap. 7.
But, Mr. Chairman, I would ask, in all candor,
of the people of the slave States, can you, while
in that state of mind which the Scriptures require
of us, as conditions of receiving the Divine favor,
harbor towards any human being, however de-
spised or degraded, those affections which would
move you to buy or sell him, his wife and child-
ren, as merchandise for your own profit, and re-
gardless of his right to act, think, and work for
himself? Can men be made merchandise in oppo-
sition to their own wills or can they will them-
selves into a servitude where all freedom of will
or action is forever thereafter denied them?
One citation more brings us to the close of the
Old Testament:
"ft. And I will come near to you to judgment: audi will
he a swift witness against the sorcerers, and ujiaiiM ihe
adulterers, and asamt-t ialse sweaieis and ajramst those
that oppress the lnrehm; 1.1 his wages, the widow, and the
fatherless, and thai turn a?ide ihe stiangei from his right,
and fc.u not nic, saith the Lord ot'ilost-,.''—Malachi, eh a p.3.
2. But to the candid and diligent student, nay,
to the most careless observer, the Old Testament,
which closes with this book, will speak for itself,
as being but a preface or introduction to the New;
a directory, as it were, to guide the earnest in-
quirer ill his search for the eternal treasure. This
was the appropriate function of the " law and
the prophets, and by them we are, as it were,
brought into the presence of Him who "came,
not to destroy the law, but to satisfy the law,"
and thereby " magnify and make it honorable."
He then—the Saviourof the world—was Unright-
ful and only infallible expounder of the "law and
the piophets;" and we, as Christians, are bound
to accept, without cavil or denial, as "the law
and the prophets," what He, the Son of God, has
declared to be the " law and the prophets."
We are thus brought to the tlose of the Old
Testament dispensation, and by it ushered face
to face into the presence of the " Son of God, the
Prince of Peace;" and to His final testament
to a world hitherto 111 darkness and "filled with
violence." The old dispensation, though a great
lummaiy shining 011 the impenetrable darkness
of heathenism, was but a dim light m comparison
with the "Sun of Righteousness;" still it was
sufficient, as a mere directory, to guide the earn-
est pilgrim 111 his scarchings for the way of life.
By that old guide-book we are conducted to the
consummation of the "law and the prophets"
in the Gospel of Jesus Christ, the Son of the
Eternal—to Him who was sent " not to destroy,
butto fulfill" the law, and to " magnify and make
it honorable." lie, then, the Saviour of the world,
] was the legitimate and only infallible expounder
| of the law, and interpreter of the prophets. What
; He declares to have been the " lawand the proph-
ets" we, as Christians, are bound to receive im-
plicitly, without denial, doubt, or cavil, as the
" law and the prophets."
Without attempting to produce more than mere
shreds, as it were, ot the text of the New Testa-
ment, obedience to which makes the enslavement
of men an absolute moral impossibility, I shall ex-
hibit only the leading passages—insisting, by the
way, that obedience to the Old Testament Scrip-
tures as expounded by the Gospel is the duty
of Christians, at whatever sacrifice of worldly
interest, of pleasure, pride, wealth or power. I
insist further, that persistent and impenitent dis-
obedience to these tltoral precepts excludesall men
who have access to the Gospel from h&pe of the
infinite benefits flowing from obedience to its
Divine requirements.
I begin, sir, With Matthew's Gospel, and frofti
it I take the "golden rule:"
" 12. Therefore all things whatsoever ye would that mett
should do to you, do ye even so to them: for this is the law
and the prophets."—Matthew, chap. 7.
Could infinite Wisdom communicate to finite
capacities a more perfect rule of moral conduct?
" It is the law and the prophets;" and so it is the
end of every controversy among all men every-
where, having access to the Gospel, so tar as
man's moral conduct toward his fellow-man is
concerned. T4ie Son of God, the Saviour of the
world, who came," not to destroy, but to fulfill the
law," declares obedience to this commandment
to be a compliance with the moral duties enjoined
by both the "lawand the prophets." Therefore,
obedience to the "law and the prophets," asex-
pounded by the Saviour of the world, is,the duty
of Christians at whatever sacrifice. The neces-
sary inference from these conceded truths is, that
whatever act of the human mind flows from a
motive different from obedience to this Divine
command is opposed to the moral precepts of the
" law and the prophets."
It is in vain that sentences wrested from their
con texts, either in the Old or the New Testament,
are urged in the support of a system opposed to
the"" golden rule;" for the Divine teacher tells us
expressly that this rule is the substance of, or
rather is, "the law and the prophets." I am
Aware that slaveholding divines and politicians
have a way of getting n.und this most wonderful
generalization of the relative duties of the human
race. They say that the rule only applies to
equals, but does not bind the superior in liis con-
duct towards the inferior. How, say they, can
the rude and repulsive baibarian judge of whatthe
educated and refined European or Anglo-American
would have done to him, if east, for instance, on
a barbaious coast? Sir, the barbarian in such
ease is no more bound to do more than he has
ability to do than would the civilized man. In
his case, as well as in the case ol the civilized,
ability is the measure of duty." "According to
what a man hath, and not what he hath not, shall
it be required of him." But the slaveholder ob-
jects, that the barbarian does not know what is for
'his own good, while the civilized man docs know-
that it will be for the good of the barbarian to kid-
nap and convoy him to a civilized and Christian
land, and there make a slave of him and his pos-
terity forever, that, as a compensation for this
seeming outrage, said barbarian and his posterity
may become Christians and saved from the doom
of "them that know not God." But, sir, the
I morality of human actions is in no wise affected
j by the results, immediate or remote, which may
I or do follow them; but from the motive and pur-
j pose, and those alone, from which those actions
1 spring. *
The motive of the American or European slave-
; stealer is one of unmingled avarice—the dirtiest
j and most repulsive form of selfishness; and the
J Bible nowheregives license for the exercise of this
1 or any other infamous motive, because that, in
I the Divine economy, such wickedness may be
! wrought as a jink in the chain of events ending
I in the highest good of the injured sufferer, or of
| the human race. " The damnation of such as say,
I Let us do evil that good may come, is jusi." (Rom.
, 0I1. 3, verse 8.) " You meant it for evil, but God
I meant it for good," said Joseph to his guilty and
i confounded brethren, when, overwhelmed with
| the tortures of a guilty conscience, " they were
i troubled at his presence." But why did not this
I brotherhood of convicts reply to,their brother, as
' do our modern advocates and apologists of slavery
at the present time, " Why charge us, brother
Joseph, with meaning it for evil; did we not ^;et
as your value twenty pieces of silver of the Mid-
! ianite slave merchants?—and now, through that
I very excellent bargain, you are able to preserve
; us attve, and all our father's house besides; we
' do not want to hear any more of this kind of fa-
naticism, after such a blessed result of our trade
with the rascally Midiamtcs. Besides, if we had
not sold you, God's promise to our father Abra-
ham, that 'in his seed all the nations of the earth
