1802
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
ing to do so.. Neither would I be willing, after
they were together, to do so, unless there was
some assurance upon which I could rely, from the
other side of the House, that a movement of that
character would not be availed of for the purpose
of destroying or obstructing in some way the Sen-
ate bill, in order to give the House bill an advant-
age. They can first get a test vote whether the
House bill shall be adopted in lieu of this; and if
it fails, if they will then give the assurance that
no further advantage shall be sought from the
transposition of these two bills, I will not object
to it when that time comes, so far as I am con-
cerned; and 1 will even advocate it with the com-
mittee, in order to give it a higher facility in be-
coming a law.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to proceed to the consideration of
executive business; on-which the yeas and nays
have been ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no disposition to
call for the yeas and nays on that motion now,
after the understanding which has been arrived at;
and if I can be permitted, 1 will withdraw the call.
The PRESIDING OFFICER By unanimous
consent the call may be withdrawn. The Chair
hears no objection.
Mr. JOHNSON, ofTennessee. As there seems
to be rather a conversation going on in the Senate
in reference to the disposition of this bill at a fu-
ture day, would it not be better, according to this
understanding, to fix the day and hour before we
go into executive session?
Mr. JOHNSONsof Arkansas. Say one o 'clock
on Wednesday week.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Then I under-
stand, on Wednesday week, at one o'clock, this
bill is to be taken up, and proceeded with regularly,
until itis disposed of, legislating the ordinary legis-
lative hours. [''Agreed!'' " Agreed !"]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that this bill be made the special order for Wed-
nesday, the 2d of May, at one o'clock, and be the
special order from day to day until disposed of.
The motion was agreed to.
RELATIONS OF TXIE STATES.
Mr. DAYIS. I wish to say, Mr. President, that
some time since I introduced resolutions which, at
a time when 1 was necessarily absent from the
Senate, were the subject of debate and som^ un-
merited criticisms. 1 have been waiting an op-
portunity to reply to the strictures put upon these
resolutions. Now, I shall not have it during the
interval when the Senate meets only formally. I
would, therefore, ask the Senate to allow me to
take up these resolutions and to assign them as a
special order for Tuesday week.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Unless objected
to, it will be considered the sense of the Senate
that those resolutions arc taken up for that pur-
pose. They are before the Senate, and the mo-
tion now is to make them the special order for
Tuesday of the week after next, at one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I now renew the mo-
tion for an executive session.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business,
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, April 19, I860.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton".
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. HICKMAN. I move that there be a call
of the House. It is very evident that there is no
quorum present.
Mr. SHERMAN. For the purpose of dispos-
ing of the bill now in committee, I move that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, In an hour and
a half debate upon the bill will cease, and then we
can rise and dispose of the pending amendments.
Mr. HICKMAN. I insist upon my motion.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now submit my motion,
that the House resolve itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. HOUSTON. What is the purpose of the
gentleman ?
Mr. SHERMAN. It is to continue and close
the debate upon the Senate amendments to the
Military Academy bill, and then to dispose of the
bill.
Mr. BRANCH. Before the question is taken
upon that motion, I desire to state that 1 am paired
off from to-day until Tuesday, the 8th of May,
with Mr. Fenton.
The motion of Mr. Sherman was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Kellogg, of Illinois, in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the Senate amend-
ments to the
MILITARY ACADEMY BILL;
upon which the gentleman from South Carolina
[Mr. Boniiam] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. BONHAM. The time allotted to me is
half an hour. Some of my colleagues upon the
committee desire to address the committee; and
even if I had a longer time, I could say in less
time all I desire to say.
With great respect to the opinions of my col-
leagues, I think tho issue earnestly discussed on
both sides yesterday has but very little bearing
upon the only question now before the committee.
Some few years sincc, the Indians known as the
reserve Indians of Texas were placed upon land
set apart by the State of Texas for their use.
Some fifteen hundred of them were collected to-
gether upon this reserve land. There have been
difficulties between the people of Texas and those
Indians sincc; and a great portion of the remarks
ofthegentlemanfromNewYork, [Mr. Olin,] yes-
terday, was directed to these disturbances. Now,
I submit to the House that these disturbances, if
continued, do not reach the real question before
the counti y. In truth, war between the Camanches
and the whites luis existed Aom our earliest knowl-
edge of those Indiana, and no treaty stipulations
have ever bound them. It existed before the
reserve Indians were placed upon tho reserve.
Those Indians have now been removed out of
reach of theTexans,and no further collisions are
likely to take place, and yet the Camanches now,
more than ever, are disturbing the pcace and quiet
of the inhabitants of that country. I think that
matter is entirely outside of the question now
before the committee. That question is this: is
there a condition of things upon the frontiers of
Texas which requires additional troops for the
protection of that frontier. If there is, what de-
scription of troops shall be used? And to these
two points I propose to direct my remarks.
In the report of the Secretary of War, of the
date of December 1, 1860, that officer says:
" It lias been truly said, that to call 0111-55 a peace estab-
lishment is a mere nbiwe of terms. All the incidents per-
taining to an aeuve war establishment characterize our
service thtoughout the year,excepting only the casualties
upon the battle-field.'''
And again, in another place:
"The war which last year wa* going on with the Ca-
manches and Iuowajs is still unfinished."
It was statod yesterday that, within four months
up to the 4th day of March, some fifty-one men,
women, and children,had been put to death by the
Indians, and that as many more had been carried
into captivity. Since that period a number more
have been added to the list, making in all some
sixty-five persons. Thereisunquestionably, then,
a state of war between the Indians and the people
upon the frontier of Texas, in which the reserve
Indians have no part.
Have we sufficient troops there ? Beyond all
question, General Twiggs complained last year
that he had not a sufficient force to keep the In-
dians 111 check. At a later period a complaint was
made by the Secretary of War that the number of
troops was insufficient. In his report of Decem-
ber last he says that
" Indian depredations have been committed on our south-
ern and Mexican border, which as yet have been unchas-
tised for tho want of men."
On the Gtli of March, 18G0, it was said by Col-
onel Leo, that
"The troops 111 the department aie ported overalong
line of frontier; and yet, from the pnneitv ofthoir numbers,
are unable to piotect the settlements. The best method of
preventing the inroad- of the Indian^ is to send a stiong
body of tioop.* int'> their conntiv, which would have ihc
effect of iec lling them to their women and children; but
there is not at this time within the department a force
available for the purpose."
It is said that troops have been ordered there
from other points. What description of troops
are they? They are infantry, which are useless
for all purposes of offensive warfare with the 9
Camancne Indians. I understood the chairman
of the Military Committee [Mr. Stanton] to say,
yest^-day, that there were two whole regiments
of cavalry in the Texas department. In that he
is mistaken; for there are but sixteen companies
—a regiment and a half—and they are scattered
over a great extent of territory; and I submit to
the committee that they cannot all be put into a
condition to be effective against these Indians this
summer. .Colonel Lee, in his report, made as late
as the 6th of March, says:
" The hoises of the second cavalry have become so re-
duced by constant service, exposure, and scarcity of tood
and gias , that they fail in the pursuit, and sometimes per-
ish."
In another part of the report, he says also:
u There iu but one company at Camp Cooper, which is
too small a force, in my opinion, lor tho position; but, until
some of the companies can bo withdiawn from the Rio
Giande, 1 see no prospect of reinforcing it, unless the com-
manding general of the Army fhould^hmk that the two
companies of the first cavalry at Fort Washita could bo used
for that puipose. There aie two companies of first cavalry
and one of infantry at Foit Aibucklc, and J have no means
of judging'of the importance of the tioops utFoit Washita,
and am therefoie unwilling to lcmove them. On the Uio
Giande there are three companies of second cavalry, three
companies eighth infantry, and three companies fiist artil-
loiy. Should the quiet ot that region be again disturbed, it
will be neccs«aiy, m my opinion, to send there another
company of cavalry.
Cortinas's band is not disbanded, and may
commit other depredations if these troops arc re-
moved; and I have no question that such would
be the result. Colonel Lee feels, in such case,
that there should be at least one more company
of cavalry 011 the Rio Grande. At all events, some
of this cavalry must be kept there; so that, in re-
ality, there can be engaged in the Indian country
no more than one regiment,and perhaps two com-
panies of cavalry.
There are eight hundred miles of territory to
be protected by these troops. It extends from the
Rio Grande to the country occupied during the
winter by the Camanches; and, according to Col-
onel Lee, the troops there at this time arc insuffi-
cient to protect the inhabitants. Colonel Lee is
a careful, prudent, able, and efficient officer, and
I rely with entire confidence on his statements.
How, then, is this difficulty to be remedied? My
honorable colleague [Mr. Stanton] has indicated
a preference for mounting*" two regiments of in-
fantry. I will advocate that measure at a proper
time. But, sir, all who are at all familiar with the
soldiers usually enlisted in the United States ser-
vice, in time of peace, know the facfethat the great
mass of the infantry are foreigners—Germans
and Irish—good soldiers, but yet they are utterly
unacquainted with horsemanship. They would
have to be taught to ride.
It is too late in this seasorf to mount these regi-
ments. It would take the entire summer to
mount and train them; and by that time the most
effective period of operating against the Indians,
by sending troops in spring and summer, as Col-
onel Lee says, "into their own country," will
have passed away; and you will find yourselves
next winter in as bad a condition as you are now.
The Secretary of War proposed a pla<n, at the
opening of this Congress, which I shall have read
at the desk. That will explain, too, why it is
that the Secretary of War failed, up to a recent
period, to# recommend the organization of this
Texas regiment. I hope to show that to the sat-
isfaction of the committee.
The Clerk read the following extract from the
last annual report of the Secretary of War:
"In connection with the subject of frontier defense, I
venture to submit a plan which, if approved by Confess,
will, I am confident, bp productive of great ultimate"good
to the country, and an essential saving to the Treasuiy. It
is to allow, by law, the enlistment of men for the mounted
eoips, whose teun of service shall continue for the peiiod
of six months, beginning in May. These men should be
required to fumi>h then own horses, for which a libcialper
diem compensation ought to be allowed them, but no rcmu-
ncianon for joss or damage, unle&s the commanding ofheer
should certify that the horse had been actually killed or
rendered useless by injur) m battle. These six months'
1 counts should compose one halt ot the mounted legiments,
and, if necessary, that number of the present foice should
be disbanded to make room for them. Thov would be com-
posed of the best young men ot the frontier, many of whom
would gladly enter the scuvice for that length of time, but
