2746
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
has fallen from the Senator from Illinois. He
probably has forgotten the circumstances under
which this joint resolution was passed. An un-
derstanding existed between theSenator from Ala-
bama and the other Senator from Illinois, that the
bill should not be considered in the absence of the
Senator from Alabama,''who intended to discuss
it. From some misapprehension or forgctful-
nessoo the part of the Senator from Illinois—not
the Senator now in his seat, but his colleague—
in the absence of the chairman of the Committee
on Commerce, this resolution was called up and
passed without debate. Afterwards, that previ-
ous understanding being brought to his notice, the
colleague of the Senator from Illinois, at the in-
stance of the Senator from Alabama, moved a
reconsideration; so that the fact is, the question
has never been examined by the Senate at all.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope this matter will not be
taken up. It involves the question of internal
improvements, and involves something more. A
practice has grown up, in a few cases, of sticking
a light-house at the end of piers, in ordcrto evade
the question. So far as the light-house is con-
cerned, the light-house board had aright to apply
every dollar to that purpose tha't was necessary;
and they did so. 1 say it involves these ques-
tions, and they are large and important questions,
which 1 do not think ought to override the other
business of the country now.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 25, nays 29; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Cameron, Chand-
ler, Clark, CoJlamer, Crittenden, Dixon, Doolittle, Durkee,
Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Giimcs, Ilale, Hamlin, IJailan,
Kftig, Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wade,
Wilkinson, and Wilson—-25.
NAYS—Messrs. Bragi, Bright, Brown, Chesnut, CJing-
man, Davis, Fitzpatnck, Green, Gvvin, Hammond, Hemp-
hill, Hunter, Iverson, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of
Tennessee, Kennedy, Latham, Malloiy, Mason, Nichol-
son, Pearce, Polk, Powell, Sebastian, Slidoll. Thomson,
Toombs, Wigfall and Yulce—29.
So the motion was not agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The hour of
twelve o'clock having arrived, and this day, by
special resolution, having been assigned for the
consideration of the Private Calendar, that is now
before the Senate.
Mr. GWIN. I ask the Senator from Georgia
to enable mo to take up the Pacific telegraph bill,
that has been sent back from the House with an
amendment, in order that we may act upon that
amendment, and dispose of the bill. There is a
single item in the House amendment that I shall
move to amend, and then agree to the whole
House amendment with that exception. I think,
if we take it up, that it will take but a very few
minutes to settle and dispose of it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be no
objection, the Chair will entertain the motion.
"Mr. 1VERSON. Before the motion is enter-
tained, I desire to make some inquiry. I cannot
give way with the Private Calendar to any bill
that is going; to give rise to debate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill be-
fore the Senate is the first bill on the Private
Calendar.
MELINDA DURKEE.
Mr. POWELL. I ask the consent of the Sen-
ate to allow me to take up the bill (H. R. No.
334) for the relief of Melinda Durkee, of the State
of Georgia.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That can only
be done by unanimous consent.
Mr. POWELL. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there ob-
jection?
Mr. IVERSON. I mustobject;becausc, if we
go on with the Private Calendar, I shall move to
take up House bills only.
PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mr. IVERSON. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of bills from the House
of Representatives on the Private Calendar. I
am satisfied that it is unnecessary at this time to
consider any bills emanating in the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Georgia has so far modified the question be-
fore the Senate as that the Senate shall proceed to
the consideration of House bills only.
Mr. LANE. I ask of the Senator from Geor-
gia the favor of allowing mo to take up Senate
bill No. 9, fixing the time of holding the United
States courts in the State of Oregon. It will not
take a moment.
Mr. IVERSON. I do not understand that to
be a private bill.
Mr. LANE. I believe there is no objection to
the bill. It is a bill fixing the time of holding our
courts.
Mr. IVERSON. I will yield, if it will take no
time.
Mr. LANE. If there is to be any discussion,
I will waive it.
Mr. GRIMES. I desire to hear the title of the
biH.
The Secretary read it, as follows: "A bill to
amend an act for extending the laws and judicial
system of the United States in the State of Ore-
gon, and for other purposes."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill can
only be taken up by unanimous consent.
Mr, TRUMBULL. If it is the bill that was
up the other day increasing their salaries, I object
to it.
Mr. LANE. It is a bill fixing the salaries.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object to it. This is pri-
vate bill day.
Mr. LANE. I do not see how the Senator's
objection can prevent its consideration. It is a
bill that is properly before the Senate, and the mo-
tion is to take it up. Now, an objection will not
take it over. A vote of the Senate can carry it
over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By special res-
olution, this day has been assigned for the con-
sideration of a special order, and until that order
is changed by a majority vote of the Senate, no
other motion can be entertained, except by unan-
imous consent, except qualifying the order of
business of the day; and that motion the Senator
from Georgia has made, that the Senate procced
to the consideration of House bills only.
Mr. PEARCE. Otherwise,as I understand,the
bill making appropriations for the Army would
be the order of the day. If* that so?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair d oes
not so consider it, to-day, by special resolution,
having been assigned to the consideration of the
Private Calendar; and the Chair so-decides. The
Chair will say further (hat he makes his decision
upon consultation and in entire accordance with
the permanent Presiding Officer of the Senate.
The question is on the motion of the Senator from
Georgia to take up House bills only.
The motion was agreed to.
ISRAEL JOHNSON.
The first House bill on the Private Calendar
was the bill (H. R. No. 370) for the relief of Israel
Johnson; which the Senate, as in Committee of
the Whole, proceeded to consider. It directs the
Secretary of the Treasury to pay to Israel John-
son, of Cass county, Indiana, the sum of $570.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
ANTHONY SCIILANDER.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 237)
for the relief of Anthony Schlander. It confirms
his title to the east half of the southeast quarter
of section fifteen, in township thirty-four north,
of range thirteen, east of the principal meridian,
being m the Chicago land district, and authorizes
the Commissioner of the General Land Office to
issue a patent to him therefor. It repeals all acts
or parts of acts heretofore passed, so far as they
may, in any manner, interfere with the legal rights
conferred by this act, and no fuither.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
BRITISH BRIG JESSIE.
The Senate, as m Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 349) for
the relief of Peter Rogerson & Son,of St. John's,
Newfoundland, owners of the British brig Jessie.
It authorizes the Secretary of State to pay to Peter
Rogerson & Son, owners of the British brig Jes-
sie, for losses incurred by reason of the rescuing
of the passengers and crew of the American ship \\
Northumberland, in the month of December, ji
1857, when m a sinking condition, and conveying i!
them to Cork, Ireland, the sum of $7,788 75, or so
much thereof as may be necessary; but the proper
proportionate part thereof, according to the num-
ber of British subjects so rescued, is to be paid by
the British Government.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
CUSTOM-HOUSE CLERKS.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (Ii. R. No 233)
for the relief of the legal representatives of five de-
ceased clerks in the Philadelphia custom-house.
It provides for paying to the legal representa-
tives of David Gibsop,John B. Shull, Eli Valette,
William Bryant, and C. G. Treichel, deceased,
late clerks in the Philadelphia custom-house,
the sums due them, respectively, for arrears of
compensation, amounting, in the aggregate, to
$9,895 37, as per certified statement of the custom-
house, payable out of the balance of the surplus
emoluments of the collector, erroneously deposi ted
and still remaining in the Treasury, in like man-
ner as the other eight surviving clerks in the same
custom-house were paid their arrears of compen-
sation accruing during the same period, and un-
der the same circumstances, as per report of the
First Comptroller, dated 7th March, 1846, ap-
proved by the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to hear the
report in that case.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The report of
the House of Representatives will be read.
Mr. HEMPHILL. There is a report made by
the Committee on Claims of the Senate, which is
more full than the report from the House.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The report
made by the Senate committee will be read.
The Secretary proceeded to read the report.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I called for the reading of
the report; but I shall not ask for its further read-
ing unless some other Senator wishes to hear it.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, and
read the third time.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I desire to ask a single
question. When did this claim accrue to the par-
ties ?
Mr. HEMPHILL. This claim accrued be-
tween 1822 and 1831.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Nearly forty yearsago.
I cannot vote for it.
The bill was passed.
EEDA HAYES.
Mr. DURKEE. I understand that the- Sena-
tor from Georgia was mistaken as to the charac-
ter of the bill which lhad the honor of reporting
this morning, and to the consideration of which
he objected. He now withdraws his objection;
and 1 therefore move to take it up.
Mr. IVERSON. I understood it was a Senate
bill when I objected to it. If it is a House bill, I
make no objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The objection
being withdrawn, the bill will be taken up.
The bill (H. R. TSTo. 528) for the relief of Beda
Hayes, widow of Dudley Hayes, of Granby,
Hartford county, Connecticut, was considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It provides for
placing the name of Beda Hayes on the pension
roll, at the rate of sixty dollars per annum, to
commence from the death of her husband, and to
continue during her natural life, deducting there-
from such sums as she may have received.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time,"and passed.
ANDREW E. MARSHALL.
The bill (H. R. No. 318) for the relief of An-
drew E. Marshall was considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. It proposes to direct the Sec-
retary of the Interior to place the name of Andrew
E. Marshall, of Pennsylvania, who was a private
soldier in the Mexican war, upon the pension roll,
at the late of eight dollars per month, from and
after the passage of the act.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
JAMES LACEY.
The bill (H. R. No. 269) granting a pension to
James Lacey, of Graingercounty, Tennessee, was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
provides for placing the name of James Lacey
upon the invalid pension roll, at eight dollars per
