782
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
purposes not authorized by the Constitution, lead-
ing to endless jobs, and to all the corruptions that
follow those jobs, or we must increase the rates
of postage. Now, sir, one reason with me, the
strongest that actuates me, is for the purpose of
relieving the postal system from this burden, of
relieving the Treasury from the necessity of ap-
propriating to carry it, that I,for one, am willing
to concede, as earnestly as any gentleman here,
the abrogation of the whole of this franking privi-
lege; and I trust that the bill will be passed in the
shape which the substitute reported by the com-
mittee proposes.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, as I design to
vote for the abolition of the franking privilege, I
propose to state, in a fewwords, the reasons which
induce me to give that vote; but before doing so,
I desire to inquire of the Chair, whether it is not
now in order to move an amendment to the ori-
gin^ bill, and to perfect that before*the vote is
taken on striking it out?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Such a motion
v^ould be m order. The original bill, strictly
speaking, is before the Senate for that purpose,
for perfection, before the question shall be taken
on the substitute.
Mr. HAMLIN. Then I move to amend the
original bill by striking out all of the bill after the
word "abrogated," in the first section. It will
then leave a bill with a few lines, in one section, a
clean abolition of the franking privilege. That is
the bill I want to vote for. I want to vote for a
bill which has no collaterals, no contingencies 
Mr. FESSENDEN. The amendment of the
committee does that, as I understand.
Mr. HAMLIN. No; that leaves the right of
franking to those to whom the right has already
been given by name. I know of no reason why
a class of persons on whom that right has been
given by name, should retain it any more than
Senators who are alluded to as Senators; there is
no good reason in the world for it. In my judg-
ment, there is very good sense in saying that all
matters that go in the mail should contribute to
the support of the mail. That is one of the fun-
damental reasons why I am willing to abolish the
franking privilege. I know very well that it will
impose upon us, individually, some expense. I
know, and every Senator knows, too, well enough,
that it will relieve us from great burdens; and I
think, when a fair balance is struck between re-
sponsibilities imposed .and burdens removed, we
shall have no reason to complain ourselves; and I
. can give this vote more from personal considera-
tions that any vote I ever gave in this body in my
life. I am frank to say, that I am willing to abol-
ish the franking privilege simply as a personal
matter to myself. I am willing to do it for that
consideration. But, sir, when I say this, I do not
want to be misunderstood. I do not admit for a
single moment the grounds upon which this bill
is advocated by very many gentlemen upon the '
other side of the Chamber; nor do I admit for a '
single moment the doctrine assumed by the Post-
master General in his report. He lays down, in
general terms, the doctrine that, if we abolish the
franking jn-ivilege, we shall get an accruing rev- ;
enue of $1,800,000. and diminish the expenses of
the service $3,000,000 a year. The Postmaster
General is a very respectable man. Pie is entitled
to his opinions, and I wi\ entitled to mine; and, I
must say, that I have not the slightest confidence
on earth in his opinions on this point. I do not '
believe you will increase the revenues of your De- :
partment many hundreds of dollars by abolishing :
the franking privilege, much less any millions. '
I doubt if it can be made to come up to hundreds
in any view of the case. The matter which goes
through the mail, if it paid postage at the present '
rates, might amount to a stipulated sum. I grant
that; I do not deny it; but I affirm that it will not
. ' 1 affirm again, that the decreased sums
which it is said will be paid for the transportation ;
of the mail, are as fallacious as this sum that he
was to ir<■ t from the accruing revenues. There is
not anything m either of them.
What have been the troubles under which we j
have labored, and what has brought the Post Office !
Department into its present embarrassed condi-
tion? The franking privilege? Nothing of it, sir; 1
or, if anything, it is so unimportant that it is not
a feather in the scale. Make your proposals to-
day for the transportation of the mails, and you
may have contained in those proposals a direct ;
' proposition asking for what a contractor will carry
; the mails with the franking privilege existing, and
I for what will he carry the mails without it, and
{ you would not get a reduction of the first solitary
I mill, in my judgment. That is my opinion. The
great amount of expenditures growing out of the
' Post Office Department now, has arisen from the
! enormous sums that you have paid to steamships
and railroads. A railroad company can carry a
ton as easy as they can carry a hundred pounds.
They furnish a car. They do not care whether
you carry a single mail bag that a porter can trans-
port from the office to the car with his hands, or
a load that it takes a horse to go with. They fur-
nish the car, and they charge you for carrying it.
It is not a matter of any importance to them how
weighty or how light may be the mail transporta-
tion in that car. They will extort from the Gov-
ernment the last dollar they can get.
The true remedy for that evil, in my judgment,
lies in another direction. It is to pass a law
which shall fix a maximum, very far below that
which is now fixed, for the transportation of the
mail over railroads. You have a law, I believe,
which makes every railroad, when built, a post
route. Railroad companies are like all other cor-
porations, they want the utmost sum they can
get; we want our mails transported, and the result
is, that we are obliged to pay them about what
they ask. I think the Senator from Vermont
[Mr. Collamer] has stated that he found great
trouble with them while he was in the Depart-
ment. I think that is the concurring testimony
of every Postmaster General. In Canada, I am
told, where they have a Government that can con-
! trol the whole matter, the maximum is fifty dol-
lars a mile. That is our minimum, I think. Am
I right?
Mr. COLLAMER. Yes, sir.
Mr. HAMLIN. And it extends all the way
from fifty dollars a mile up to near two hundred
1 and fifty dollars.
I Mr. COLLAMER. Three hundred and twenty-
> five dollars.
I Mr. HAMLIN. Three hundred and twenty-
i five dollars! Sir, it is the railroads of your coun-
j try that are eating the vitals out of the Post Office
I revenues. That is one of the great embarrass-
l ments under which this Department is laboring.
| Then your steamships, which contribute much
! less than they take from the Department, are
[ another source of the absorption of the revenue.
The Senator from Virginia has just said that the
franking privilege might have been designed for
the promotion of civilization. I think we have
had a more striking exhibition of promoting civ-
ilization by establishing mail routes in a circular
form, which, if I understand the correspondence
of the Department, was avowedly for the purpose
of carrying civilization. There are £600,000 a
year drawn from the Treasury of the Department
for that single route. How much it has contrib-
uted to the revenues I am not able to say; but I
will venture to say-a sum vastly smaller than that
which has been called for to support it.
In my humble judgment, these are the great
evils under which we are resting, to which I add
still another: and that other has grown out of a
gross, plain, palpable violation of the law, if I
understand the law aright. In 1845,1 think it
was—1 have a recollection about it—we passed a -
law which compelled the Postmaster General to '
make his contracts for letting the mails with the '
person who would do the service for the smallest 1
sum, having certaintyand celerity of service only
as his guide. In other words, as the thing was
understood, there should be all star bids for the
mail service. No matter how a man carried the
mail, if he carried it on his back and performed ,
the service iirthe time stipulated, or if he carried
it on a horse, or in his buggy, so that he carried
the mail from point to point in the time named,
he should have the contract, without regard to •
the character of the sen ice. Under that Taw the
lettings for the New England States were made.
I have not the figures before me, but I think I am
accurate in saying that there was a diminution in
the lettings in that portion of the country, under
this law truly and faithfully carried out, of fifty -
per cent., or, if it was not fifty per cent., it was ,
II ear it. It is near enough for my purposes to I
say it was about fifty pej-cent. That law, how-
e\er, was violated in other sections of country, :
and your contracts were made for post-coaches, ,i
two-horse coaches, buggies, and all kinds of mail
scrvice conforming to the old manner of letting,
and large additional sums were required to trans-
port the mails in this way, over and above what
( would have been required had the law been faith-
, fully adhered to.
i In my humble judgment, these are the evils under
which we suffer, and which have brought the pres-
[ ent embarrassment on the Post Office Department.
; Legislative contracts is another evil; and my col-
! league suggests that unnecessary increase of the
I service since 1851 is another evil. It is the merest
! humbug on earth; it is hardly good humbug, in my
i judgment, to get up here and say that these em-
barrassments have grown on this Department in
| consequence of the flanking privilege. I deny
: utterly, wholly, and entirely, that the cmbnrrass-
! ments arc attributable to that cause in any degree
that amounts to anything. It is so light, so un-
important, that it is not a matter worthy to be
taken into the account. I think, as wise legisla-
tors, we ought to apply the ax at the root of the
tree, and correct the evils to which I have alluded,
rather than by making so much talk, and be giv-
ing so much importance to this matter of abolish-
l ing the franking privilege. Still, as I am sincerely
| in favor of making this Department depend mainly
j upon its own revenue, I will vote for a clean bill
abolishing the flanking privilege. When I do
that, striking the balance, I do not believe I shall
lose anything. I am willing to do it; but I do not
think I shall vote for any bill that is complicated,
' which meets the case half way, or which leaves
\ to the Government, or to any individuals byname,
; the right of franking. Let us do one thing or the
j other. I think we may appeal, and ought to ap-
| peal with some confidence, to the gentlemen who
j think there is so much of evil in it, who think there
i is so much of embarrassment in connection with
the Department that attaches to it, to join with
us on this side who will go for a clean, pure bill
that shall abolish the franking privilege, and there
Ipavo tho mnttpr
I Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, the Sena-
J tor from Maine has pointed out a few of the rea-
! sons why the Post Office Department is not self-
: sustaining; but he has not pointed them all out,
nor any considerable number of them. In my
estimation, one chief reason of the great deficiency
1 of our Post Office receipts is owing to the system
of jobbery that extends all through that Depart-
ment. We have this morning cut off one great
| leak. We have passed a bill which will save the
Post Office Department some thirty-two thousand
dollars a year on one class of printing alone. That
: gross wrong, which that bill corrects, has existed
for years: it was not a wrong that has grown up
unobserved, for it has been known to the Presi-
dent of the United States and to the Postmaster
General; and yet it has been allowed to go on from
^ year to year, swallowing up the revenues of the
' Department. It is notorious that a newspaper
published in this city was purchased for a portion
of the patronage of one single job, other portions
being employed to subsidize and corrupt party
organs in other cities. I desire, on all occasions,
to use parliamentary language; but in what truth-
ful language shall I describe such a transaction, if
it be not a robbery of the Post Office funds under
color of law? Post Office revenues, or moneys in
! the Treasury of the United States, are diverted
from their proper uses, to which they stand
charged on the books of the Department, to the
purchase and support of servile newspapers, with
the knowledge of high official personages. The
crime—for is it less than criminal ?—is to be dep-
recated not merely because the Government loses
some thousands of dollars in one branch of the pub-
lic service, but because the turpitude at the head
has a corrupting moral influence down through
the long line of officials to the lowest and most
humble in station. We have witnessed its effects
in Detroit. Our postmaster, knowing thai tin-
Constitution was subsidized from the Post Office
blank printing fund, and owning a sound Leeomp-
ton newspaper himself, supposed he had a perfect
light to subsidize that paper bv placing it upon
the revenues of the Post Office Department. The
example before him bewildered his moral sense,
and he created sinecures m the post office for ser-
vices to his newspaper, in process of time, Ins
political faith was not deemed sound, and he was
not only turned out, but prosecuted, ostinsibly,
for subsidizing a press, in imitation of one who
