I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
aw?
36xh Cong.... 1st Sess.
Columbus Post Office Building—Mr. Cox.
Ho. of RefS,
{do-
of slavery deem conclusive in favor of the
mestic institution.*'
" 1. Let as many servants as ar« nnder the yoke, count
their own masteis worthy of all honor,"—
But why this injunction? The reason of it is
given—
"that the name of God and his doctrine be not blas-
phemed."—1 Timothy, chap. 6.
Very well; it was not because the bondage of
the slave was right, but that the Christian slave
might be a missionary to his heathen master; and
thus, in his bondage, preach the Gospel. No
Christian would now give any other counsel to the
Christian slave, and for the same reason. That
this is the true rendering of the passage is most
obvious from the nature of the case; and is ren-
dered certain by the following verse:
<k*2. And they that have believing makers"—
Then those servants who had " believing mas-
ters5' were not " under the yoke"—
"let them not despise them, because they are brethren ;
but rather do them service, becau>e they aie faithful and
beloved, partakers of the benefit.'*—1 Timothy, chap. 6.
Sir, there is no right-minded friend of the slave
who would advise the Christian servantof a Chris-
tian master to leave that service simply for the
reason that the master, having become a Christian,
could not longer hold the servant as a slave or
"under the yoke." All Christians would unite
with the apostle in saying:
"3. If any man teach otherwise, and consent not to
wholesome words, even the words of our Lord J mis Christ,
and to the doctrine winch is accoidmg to godliness,
"4. lie is proud, knowing nothing; but dutnig about
questions and s-triles of words, whereof cometh envy, strife,
railings, evil suimisings."—1 Timothy, chap. 6.
But, on the other hand, should such pretended
Christian master refuse to give such servant the
things " which are just and equal," by holding
him as a slave for life, who would deny that such
a Christian would cause the name of God and His
doctrine to be blasphemed, and consequently cease
to be a Christian ? There is nowheie to be found
any more thorough and satisfactory anti-slavery
doctrine in the English language. Probably neither
Mr. Garrison nor Theodore Paiker would find
fault with it.
But 1 must not overlook the slaveholder's vade
mmtm-—Paul's Epistle to Philemon, Here, say
they, we have a casein point. But if we examine
this authority it will be found to turn against those
who vouch it as pointedly as does the same apos-
tle's injunction to Timothy.
The case of Philemon and his servant Onesi-
mus, was simply this: Philemon, a man of leai n-
ing, wealth, and high reputation, held a slave,
named Onesimus. Both servant and master had
been converted to Christianity under the preach ing
of Paul; and Oncsimu§, believing himself to be a
free man, not by the laws of heathen Rome, but
by the laws of a common brotherhood in Jesus
Christ, left the service of Philemon, and fled to,
and followed, Paul as a servant. Philemon, dis-
satisfied with this conduct of his servant, prob-
ably applied to Paul to admonish him of the wrong
of thus leaving his former master. Paul, disap-
proving of this course of Onesimus, persuaded
nim to return to his former master; and sent by
him the " Epistle to Philemon." I sa)f, u sent
back Onesimus," (I do not mean in bonds, under
a "fugitive slave law," after receiving ten dollars
for so doing, instead of five for letting him go free,
but persuaded him to return,) but in what capaci-
ty? "Why, not at all as a slave; but, on tlieeon-
tiaiy, as "a uuoiher beloved." Did Philemon :
obey, suppose you; or did he, as soon as he could
manacle the hands and gyve the heels of the re-
turned runaway, sell him to the rice, sugar, or
cotton plantations of Egypt?
The foregoing is the gist and marrow of that
most perverted book of the New Testament; and,
sir, much as 1 am opposed to slavery, I see noth-
ing in that conduct of the great apostle to the
Gentiles not fully up to the anti-slavery standard
of the most radical of us on this iloorand through-
out the free States or the world.
In concluding these remarks, I shall cite but
one more passage from the Scriptures, and that
from the concluding book of the New Testament.
From that closing up of the record of God's su-
pernatural dealings with men, and covering a
period of more than four thousand years, it ii
appears that the sin of enslaving men will be
continued down to the winding up of the great
drama of the world's history. Neither the voice
of reason, the solemn demands of justice, the
pitying wail of oppressed humanity, nor the ex-
press injunctions of God's Word, nor His dread-
ful warnings in the wiping out of oppressing na-
tions—" wiping them as a man wipeth a dish;
wiping and turning it upside down"—were ad-
monition sufficient to deter the rulers and. poten-
tates of the nations from a repetition of this sin
for which their oppressing predecessors lay in
moldering ruins, utterly forgotten, or, if remem-
bered, only remembered to be accursed.
Sir, as it has been in the past, so it will be in
the future; as it is in the natural, so is it in the
moral world; " like causes produce like effects."
The fruitof injustice and oppression in the present,
will, as in the past, be destructive. As with indi-
viduals, so with nations; as they " sow so also
shall they reap." If they sow to freedom and jus-
tice, they shall reap prosperity and glory. If they
sow to injustice and oppression, they shall reap
destruction.
" 10 lie that leadeth into captivity thai] go into captivity:
He that killelh with the sword, must be killed with the
sword.'1—Rciclations, chap. 13.
"31. And the merchants ol the earth &hall weep and mourn
over her; for no man buyeth then merchandise any more.
" 12. The meiehandii-p of gold, and silver, and precious
stones, and peails, and fine hnen,andpuiple, and silk, and
scarlet, and all thyme wood, and all manner of vessels of
ivory, and all manner of vessels of most precious wood,
and of bras*, and iron, and marble,
" 13. And cinnamon, and odors, and oinjmont^, and frank-
incense, and wine, and oil, and fine floui, and wheat, and
beasts, and sheep, and horses, and chariots, and slaves, and
souls ot men."
" 15. The merchants of the<c thmg«, which were made
rich by hei, shall stand alar oil', tor, the fear of her torment,
weeping and wailing,
" 1G. And saving, Ala**, ala-.! that great city, that was
clothed in line linen, and purple, find *-earlet, and decked
with gold, and precious stones, arid pearN !
"17. Foi in one horn .^o peat uehes if. come to naught."
"20. Rejoicotnet her,thou heaven, and yeholyapo-tlcs
and prophets foi God hath avenged you on hei !*'—Ibid.,
chap. 18.
The great fair of all sorts of merchandise, as
well as the slave mart, it seems, was open m the
great Babylon, to receive its living hosts of busy
men, each engaged in some traffic to lay up for
himself "treasures on earth;" even bartering
"slaves and the souls of men" through greed
of gold, when the yawning earth should ope her
jaws to ingulf them all in one common and eter-
nal ruin.
Here, rt, tho great drama closes; nnd no cur-
tain shall rise, until the ai change! 's trump shall
summon from their graves the bondman and his
oppressor, to receive at the hands of the benevo-
lent, but impartial and unbending Judge, the
award of deeds done to his fellow-man, which
he would have shed his life-blood to aveit Aom
himself.
COLUMBUS POST OFFICE BUILDING.
REMARKS OF HON. SAMUEL S. COX,
OF OHIO,
In the Houbi; of Refrlsentath ej>,
May 19,1860.
Tho IIousc being m the Committee ol the Whole on the
state of the Union-
Mr. COX said:
Mr. Chairman: I have asked the privilege of
addressing the committee now, not so much to
influenceany legislation immediately befoic them,
but as a convenient.mode of laying my views of
a local matter before the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads. I have, since I have been
here, been urging an appropriation by Congress
for the erection of a post office building at the
capital of Ohio. At the first session of the last
Congress, on the 4th of January, 1858,1 presented
a memorial from eight bundled of the prominent
business men, of all parties, of Columbus, Ohio,
for that purpose. These petitioners were men who
bear, with cheerfulness, their pai tof the public tax-
ation,direct and indirect. They asked only what
other capitals, of other and lesser States, have re-
ceived. I have omitted no proper occasion when
I could urge their petition. It was laid before the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads in
the Senate. That committee consisted of Senators
Yulee, Bigler, Gwin, Fitch, Thomson of Newi
Jersey, Hale, ami. Dixon. -Columbus was one
of the,points selected by thorn from agrcat:many,
for (K favorable report. The Senate committee
amended the House bi]LNo.20D,by giving$50,000
for the Columbus building. It was not passed,'
because it was ruled, ,out of order.
The Post Office,Committee of the House, of thai:
same session, had the same matter before, them.
They reported House bill No.539,givingan appro- •
priation of $50,000. (See House Journal of June I,
1858, p. 570.) This committee consisted of Messrs.
English, Powell, Wood, Scott, Horton,Davis o£
Iowa, Craig of Missouri, and Atkins. There'
could have been no more thorough indorsement of
a local measure. It failed to pass that Congress,
from a general policy against the erection of any
more public buildings, and because the time was
inauspicious, by reason of the emptiness of the
Federal Treasury. 1 gave as reasons for the erec-
tion of the structure the following, among others:
1. That Columbus was the capital ofOhio, w.here
arc all the public institutions, and the officers and
Legislature of the .State-, and that, as many other
State capitals had received this favor from the Fed-
eral Government, Ohio had equal, if not superior,
claims.
2. That the city contained about thirty thousands
people, and is the center of extensive and import-
ant business transactions
3. That the office supplies over forty thousand
people.
4. It is one of the three distributing offices of
the State.
5. The building now in use is poorly adapted
to the business of the office. It is inconvenient;
it is badly lighted; it cannot be heated without
danger; it is not a safe depository. In its rear is
a bake-shop, and coffee and spice-grinding estab-
lishment, which has three times been consumed
by fire. On the last occasion of fire, an adjoining
building was burned. On one side is an extensive
eating establishment which has its kitchen under
the office. The office rent is $1,200.
6. I wish to add one other and important reason *
for this claim. From 1821 up to 1856 tho United
States courts were held in Columbus. In 1856,
the State was divided into two districts, and the
courts removed from Columbus to Cincinnatiand
Cleveland. By a law adopted by the Judiciary
Committee, and to be passed, as I trust, at this
session, a term of the court will be hereafter held
at Columlms. From the year 1820 until 1856, the
courts were held in Columbus. The United States
used, without intermission, a building which was
built for that purpose, but not built by the United
J Slates. Jt vas built at the joint expense of the peo-
\ pie of Columbus and of the State of O/uo. The
j State contributed a certain amount of depreciated.
[ bank (Miama Exporting Company) paper, then -
! m the treasury. But the burden was borne chiefly
i by the public-spirited citizens of Columbus. Tins
| I learn from a letter from Colonel Swayne, of Co-
' lumbus. The United States never paid any tent.
! This rent, at a fair estimate for thirty-six years,
1 at $600 per annum will be $21,600. Now, this
' rent is n valid claim against the United States.
| Such claims have been paid. Last Congress such
I a claim of implied rent was passed by this House.
, It was House bill No. 789, "to compensate the
! State of New Jersey for tho use of court-rooms
j for the United States in the State House, at Tren-
! ton, in said State." Thus, this House rccog-
1 mzedsuch an obligation, as if it were a debt. A
' member of the last Congress urged mc to present
this claim for Ohio. I told him that I could not
do it; Ohio never expected the rent. But I would
use it as a strong and emphatic argument for the
erection of a Government building at Columbus.
The cogency of such reasoning may be judged by
the fair members of this House It is eminently
due to Columbus that it should be considered.
7. Ohio has had but little attention from the
: Federal Government. She has had, during her
I whole history, but $600,000 expended for pub-
lic buildings at the north and south parts of the
State. Maine, Louisiana, South Carolina, Rhode
Island, and other States, have had much larger
appropriations, in proportion to their contribu-
tions. This I could amply demonstrate.
I think I have the right to demand of the Fed-
eral Congress some attention to this claim for a
