2748
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June' 8,
stands on certificates signed by officers of the Rev-
olution, such as General Mifflin, General Wayne,
Colonel Lee, ("light-horse Harry,") and other
gentlemen of that description, specifying the
amonnt at different times which they had taken;
and the amount of those certificates added up is
just this sum without one cent of interest. \
Mr. BENJAMIN. I listened to that report;
and it is alwaysan unthankful task to make oppo-
sition to a bill of this kind. I do not desire to make
direct opposition, but I am not at all satisfied about
it. If I understood the statement aright, it was
the claim of a party whose property, during the
revolutionary war, was taken by our officers for
the benefit of the Army. The party whose prop-
erty was thus taken, and for which he received
certificates, lived until the year 1811 and never
made a claim against the Government. I do not
understand why he never made a claim; how it
happened that a man who had a just claim for
§30,000 remained alive until 1811, with a certificate
for all his rights, and never presented his claim to
the Government. I always feel a painful doubt
about these claims made by heirs when the an-
cestors never made any. If he made the claim
during his life and could not get paid, that sus-
picion would be relieved.
Mr. POSTER. In reply to the suggestion, I
would simply say, so far as the evidence goes on
the subject, it was, that this man folt a pride about
not asking the Government to pay for this claim,
and preferred holding his certificates in his hands
durWlg his life rather than call upon the Govern-
ment for payment; but he always spoke of it as
a debt that his heirs would collect, and on his
death-bed, as the report shows, he asked that
these certificates be brought to him, and he held
them in his hand at the time he was actually
dying.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Did I understand the Sen-
ator to say that ho left the certificates to his heirs,
or disposed of them by a will?
Mr. FOSTER. From my recollection now—
it is some time since I read the papers—he dis-
posed of his property, I will not say the certifi-
cates, by his will, and through that will this per-
son derives title.
Mr. BRAGG. Is there a copy of the will on
filer
Mr. FOSTER. I think there is. It is some
time since I looked at the papers.
Mr. TEN EYCK. Mr. President, this is a case
coming ftom the State which 1 have the honor in
part to represent, and I desire to say a word in
addition to what iias fallen from my colleague on
the committee who reported this bill. I may say
that I have learned that a bill for the relief of this
party has passed the House of Representatives,
on one or two occasions; that it has passed the
Senate on one or two occasions; but has always
failed for the want of time between one Ilouse and
the other during the sessions when it passed one
House. It has always been reported favorably,
and perhaps unanimously. In regard to the title
of the petitioner,although 1 am not at this moment
able to state distinctly, my impression as derived
from my recollection is that the title will appear,
by an investigation of the papers, to be peifect.
My recollection is—it is an old case—that either
her great grandfather or her grandfather, who is
proved to have been the sole heir, bequeathed
this claim to her by will expressly; so thai, she
stands now the sole and distinct owner of this
claim, as proved by the documents and the depo-
sitions in the case.
Mr. BRAfitG. Will the Senator allow me to
interrupt him a moment, and to ask if the will is
filed with the testimony?
Mr. TEN EYUK. My impression is that the
will is among the papers.
Mr. BRAGG. I should like to have that part
of it read, it' it is in his possession.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I am ofimprossion that it
was among the papers; but I know that several
of these papers, during the period that they have
been carried backwards and forwards from House
to House, and from committee-room to commit-
tee-room, have been lost; as has been proved by
the depositions of persons who have known of
the existence of some papers, who have identified
them and have sworn to them. Whether it is
there now or not, I am unable to say, for I have
not seen the papers for three months, during the
time which has elapsed since this report was made.
In relation to the justice or merits of this case,
I apprehend there cannot be a doubt, although the
claim may amount to the very large sum, of prin-
cipal alone, of over twenty thousand dollars. This
Yan Buskirk was an ardent Whig during the Rev-
olution. He had the evidence of his ardor not
only in feeling but in his pocket, certified to by
the leading officers who commanded the Army of
the United States in that section of the country
during the period when we all know it was sub-
ject to all kind of inroads. This man, it is proved,
knew that the Treasury of the country was un-
able to answer his demand; and it was the proud-
est feeling of his life, and the proudest feeling of
the last hour of his life, that he held in his hands
the evidence of the indebtedness of his country to
him, which he never had pressed; he was bettor
able to go without the payment than the country
was to pay; and he expressed, with his dying
breath, the hope that a grateful country would
discharge thisuebtinfavorof his heirs. I am not
able to state the particulars, either of the title or
of the evidence, going to show the merits of the
ease; but I was perfectly satisfied at the time of
the investigation, being a member of the commit-
tee, that the title was perfect, and that the claim
was meutorious.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
COLONEL BURKE AND CAPTAIN WINDER.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill for the relief
of Brevet Lieutenant Colonel Martin Burke and
Captain Charles S. Winder, of the United States
Aimy. It directs the proper accounting officer of
the Treasury to credit the accounts of Brevet
Lieutenant Colonel Martin Burke and Captain
Charles S. Winder, of the United States Army,
with the sum of $>100 each, it being the sum they
each had in their possession on board the steamer
San Francisco during the month of December,
1853, at which time the steamer was lost, together
with the above amounts, and which now stands
charged against them upon the books of the
Treasury, it having belonged to the recruiting
fund of the United States Army.
The bill was reported to the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There was an
amendment made to this bill this morning; and
the question is on concurring in thatamendmont.
Mr. PUGH. I wish to hear the amendment
read.
The Secretary read it: to insert in line six, after
the word " Winder," the words " and Lieuten-
ant William A. Winder, of the United States
Army."
Mr. PUGH, I hope the Senate will not concur
in that amendment. I do not object to the case
of Lieutenant Winder; but it is a separate case.
This is a House bill; and the case of these two
gentlemen, Colonel Burke, and Captain Winder,
has been considered. They lost this money, be-
longing to the recruiting fund, in the shipwreck;
and this bill proposes to relieve them. It seems
to me improper to put any other case on a pri-
vate bill. It will send this bill back to the House
on an amendment', not about anything concerned
in itself, but somebody else's case. I hope the
Senate will not concur, but will pass thcouginal
bill, allowing §100 for monfcy belonging to the
recruiting fund, which these officers had m their
possession when the steamer sunk.
Mr. IVERSON. The amendment was agreed
to by a vote of the'Senate. The bill was amended
on motion of the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr.
Davis.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state that, on motion of the Senator from Mis-
sissippi, not now in his seat, this bill was taken
up and the amendment incorporated in it.
Mr. PUGH. That was while the Senate were
acting in committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That was done
in Committee of the Whole; and now the ques-
tion is on concurring in that amendment.
Mr. PUGH. I am aware of that. I was not
in the Chamber when the bill was taken up, but
my attention has been called to it by some friends
of these officers; and if the Senator from Missis-
sippi were here I would ask him to unite with
me in taking this amendment out. *Thero is no
use of delaying the case of these two officers.
Mr. IVERSON. I suggest to the Senator from
Ohio, that we pass the bill over informally until
the Senator from Mississippi comes in.
Mr. PUGH. I would rather have it passed,
even with the amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. I will ask, whether this officer
does not stand in the same category with the
others?
Mr. PUGH. Yes; but why not put him in a
bill by himself?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Georgia suggests that the bill lid over until
the return of the Senator from Mississippi.
Mr. PUGH. I would rather withdraw my ob-
jection to the amendment than do that; for if the
bill is laid over now, I have no idea of its being
passed.
Mr. KING. If there is a report on this case,
I should like to hear it read.
Mr. LANE. It is a case that we have acted on
in our committee.
Mr. KING. But here is a third person to be
added.
Mr. LANE. He is one of the same category.
Mr. KING. Well, if there is a report, I should
like to hear it and see what it is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no
report in this case, the Chair will inform the Sen-
ator from New York.
Mr. BRAGG. 1 hope the bili will not be d isposed
of now. We have a number of cases similar to
this, involving large amounts, presented to the
Committee on Claims during this session; and
there is go telling, if we set a precedent of this
sort, where it is going to end. We have had great
difficulty with a number of these cases of officers
of the Army and other agents of the Government
who have lost their own property and Govern-
ment property also on board these steamers.
Very large amounts are involved in them, and,
although the bill may be trifling in itself, it may
set a precedent which may bring in controversy
a large amount. I think that without a report we
had better not act on it now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring in the amendment made in the
Committee of the Whole.
The amendment was not concurred in; there be-
ing, on a division—ayes twelve, noes not counted.
Mr. LANE. I would rather see the bill fail
than see this amendment beaten. I examined this
matter, and I am satisfied the oases are equally
just; and therefore I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Air. LANE. Then I move that the bill belaid
aside until we can have time to look into it.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is, Shall the bill be read a thud time?
Mr. LANE. I say no, so far as I am concerned.
I am opposed to reading the bill a third time. I
hope it will not be done.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It requires a
majority, however, to make that opposition effect-
ual.
Mr. DAVIS. I will state, in a sentence, what
the amendment which I offered this morning
means. There was §100 of recruiting service
money which this officer lost on the wreck of the
San Francisco, but his name was not included m
the original bill. This was, of course, merely ac-
cidental. Itis$100 with which he stands charged, •
being a sum of recruiting money he had.
Mr. PUGH. My friend from Mississippi will
pardon me for saying that he does not understand
the ground of objection. Atthis stage of the ses-
sion, as all members of the House will tell him,
if any amendment be made to this bill, the whole
bill will be lost. I would much rather have a sep-
arate hill for this other officer. The case, I doubt
not, is meritorious, and I would give my assist-
ance to a separate bill; but Major Burke and Cap-
tain Winder ought not to be delayed because some
other gentleman is omitted.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not know why it should
involve any difficulty in the House. I think the
omission was purely accidental, and I do not think
any difficulty could result from our correcting it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
inform the Senator from Mississippi that, in his
absence, the question was taken on concurring in
that amendment, and it was not concurred in; so
that the amendment is not incorporated in the
bill.
Mr. BAYARD. X wish to know whether the
