I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3Gth Cong.... 1st Sbss.
Pacific Railroad—Mr. Barret.
Ho. of Reps.
and sixteen mi les,wasconsidercd an impossibility;
yet it has been built, and thrown open to our man-
agement. Then, shall a road in the United States
of only eighteen hundred miles be considered im-
possible? Who shall thus limit the spirit, enter-
£rise, industry, and power of our great people?
.et our four hundred thousand mechanics speak.
Is the building of eighteen hundred miles of rail-
road, over mountains, through mountains, under
mountains, impossible? " What has the mechanic
not done? Has he not opened the secret cham-
bers of the mighty deep, and extracted treasures,
and made the raging billows his highway, on
which he rides as on a tamed steed? Are not the
elements of fire and water chained to the crank,
and, at the mechanic's bidding, made to turn it?
Has he not opened the bowels of the earth, and
made its products contribute to our wants? The
forked lightning is his plaything, and he rides
triumphant on the wings of the mighty wind."
There is nothing impossible with the mechanic.
He who made the great universe was a mechanic;
but I doubt not that ifHe should propose to make
another, in this advanced age there would be as
many objectors as are now to be found to the
building of the Pacific railroad.
Sir, the pyramids of Egypt, the Chinese wall,
and, here in our midst, the Baltimore and Ohio
railroad, are living monuments of mechanical
skill. As long as they endure, let no man, how-
ever skeptical, however prudent, pronounce any
work impossible.
But it is also said, by way of objection, that the
proposed road will run through an immense ex-
tent of barren and unpopulated country destitute
of timber and water. The truth of this assertion
could only prove beyond dispute the absolute ne-
cessity of this road. Whilst our present relations
with the Pacific States exist, communication with
them is a necessity which cannot be restrained.
Shall our people be compelled to traverse that vast
region of mountains and deserts with their ox
wagons, and to linger along a weary road for
months without protection, without water, with-
out fuel, subject to dangers, hardships, and pri-
vations during the whole journey ? Formidable
may seem the mountains, with their rocky heights
and fearful gorges; hopeless and desolate may
seem those sandy and sterile plains, yet precious
metals <5f inexhaustible wealth fringe and orna-
ment those craggy ranges, and between those des-
erts intervene large tracts of veritable soil, rich,
and luxuriously fertile, equaling in extent whole
States of this Union, and destined to afford hab-
itation for millions of freemen.
But it is said that a road through this unpopu-
lated country will fall into decay; that there will
be no way travel; that a railroad cannot be prof-
itable unless it pass through a densely-populated
country; that every dollar invested 111 this road
wiil be sunk, &c. It is true, the country is at
present unpopulated, but what will be the effect
of the application of steam and magnetism, as
proposed by this bill5 The adoption of the use
of steam on the Mississippi river increased the
population of what was then the West from
two million two hundred and seventeen thousand
four hundred and sixty-three, in 1820, to ten mil-
lion people in 1850. Peisons are too apt to base
their conclusions upon the present existing state
of things, and make no allowance for the com-
plete revolution which the very undertaking pro-
poses. So far, no one has been able to make
correct estimates of the business of a projected
railroad. When the Boston and Lowell railroad
was proposed, the commissioners, basing their
calculations upon existing travel, thought the
number of passengers might probably be thirty-
seven thousand four hundred per annum. This
estimate was considered absurd. In ten years
after that time, four hundred thousand eight hun-
dred and eighty-six passengers per annum were
passing over this road; and in 1848 the annua!
number was five hundred and twenty-five thou-
sand seven hundred and sixty-four. The esti-
mate for the Boston and Worcester road was
twenty-three thousand five hundred passengers
per annum. In 1646 the number of passengers
was four hundred and seventy thousand three
hundredand nineteen,and in 1848it waseighthun-
dred and seven thousand one hundred and forty-
three. The travel of the Eastern railroad, which
was estimated at one hundred and twenty-one
thousand passengers per annum, has reached over
one million. Actual results, up to 1845, seemed
to justify the calculation upon seventy-two thou-
sand passengers per annum for the Fitchburg
railroad. Soon the number reached three hun-
dred and twenty-seven thousand and thirty-four;
and in 1848 it reached seven hundred and forty-
five thousand eight' hundred and twenty-five.
It cannot be said that "a traveling propensity
creates railroads; but railroads do certainly create
a traveling propensity." The rapidity, safety,
and comfort, with which we move on a railroad,
explain to some extent this great increase of travel;
but there is an actual increase of population, in-
duced by railroad facilities, which has always
exceeded all calculations. This increase of pop-
ulation in the old States is very great, but in the
now States it. is beyond all computation. Travel
a hundred miles by railroad in the State of Illi-
nois, you will pass dozens of towns and villages.
If, from the newness of the houses, your curi-
osity should lead you to inquiry, you will be
answered that this "one is a yearling, another a
two year old, and another a three year old, such
is the suddenness with which these communities
have sprung up on the western railroads. The im-
mense depots and storage houses at these various
towns and stopping places, filled to overflowing
with produce, will easily convince you that there
is fertile land and industry in the vicinity to sup-
port towns of almost any size.
But, Mr. Speaker, if it be true that the land along
the road now proposed is made up of rocky mount-
ains and desert plains which cannot be subdued
and populated or subjected to cultivation, then
there is a greater necessity for the work, and the
donation of such lands should be considered of
no value whatever. But if, on the. contrary, it be
true, as has been stated by those who ought to
know, that those land furnish pasturage which is
unsurpassed, and that even the deserts, without
much trouble, can be irrigated, and by the intro-
duction of water into them vegetation spiings up
with a richness and luxuriousness almost un-
equaled on the face of the earth, then I say that
the building of this railroad will more than com-
pensate the Government, even if every dollar in-
vested in the undertaking should be sunk.
The Government is the proprietor of a vast ex-
tent of territory through which this road is to run.
We who live among and upon railroads know the
magical effect that such improvements have upon
the value of real estate. We need only to take
examples in the old States by way of illustration.
During the fifteen years succeeding tin; construc-
tion of the Erie canal the value of real estate in
New York increased one hundred and forty-nine
percent.; during the ten years preceding, it had
not advanced a dollar.
It has been estimated thnt in consequence of
the railroads converging at Boston, property in-
creased in value to the amount of $37,000,000.
From 1841 to 1845, the real estate in Boston
increased in value to $74,253,800. The roads
terminating there cost #30,244,926, thus leaving
$44,008,874 clear gam, after paying for the roads.
Take again, the State of South Carolina. The
rise of real estate along the line of the Hamburg
and Columbia railroad, was from fifty to five
hundred, and even five thousand per cent. In
Mobile, in 1847, the value of real estate was esti-
mated at $20,000,000. In 1849 it had fallen to
§12,000,000. Yet, in one year after the projection
of the Mobile road, real estate m that city rose
in value some $5,000,000. Take Virginia. Her
internal improvement system was commenced in
1838, and m every year since, the value of real
estate has increased more than in any period of
nineteen or twenty years previously.
If such has been the effect of railroads upon
the value of real estate m the old States, where
there were other avenues of communication, what
must be the result of such improvements in a
territory where there is not even a well-defined
wagon road? That the Government, as the pro-
prietor of millions of acres of land along the route,
would be greatly benefited by the construction of
the road, no man can doubt, who has seen the
result of like works in cither the new or old
States. We have an example directly in point.
The Government gave to the Illinois Central Rail-
road Company two million five hundred thousand
acres of land. (There are gentlemen here who can
correct me if I am wrong.) The receipts for the
alternate sectionsreserved by Government already
amount to over nine million dollars.
But whatever may be the nature of the country
through which this road may run, apart from all
such considerations as the increase in the value
of the Government lands, there are sufficient in-
ducements to build this road, even if it should
never be profitable, even if the whole appropria-
tion asked for should be sunk. Heretofore .com-
merce has been fostered and protected, and na-
tional defenses built, whenever necessity required,
regardless of expense, and without any calcula-
tion upon a profit. When millions upon millions
have been expended by the Government in the
erection of light-houses, forts, arsenals, and other
defenses, who has ever asked whether the invest-
ment would likely prove a profitable one? Will
it be said that the incalculable amount thus ex-
pended by the Government has been sunk becausc
these establishments have yielded no profit in dol-
dars and cents.
This bill proposes to make provision for the
transportation of mails, troops, munitions of war,
military and naval stores, by railroad, connect-
ing the Atlantic with the Pacific ocean. In otKer
words, this bill proposes that a contract be made
with certain responsible individuals, for a more cer-
tain, safe, and speedy transportation of our mails,
troops, munitions, &c., and that, in order to facil-
itate the building of this great national work, the
Government shall ad vance as much as $60,000,000,
to be returned to the Govcrnmentin transport ser-
vice. The proposition is a plain one; and any
business man must see how, by this great meas-
ure, our hrethern on the Pacific slope can be pro-
tected and accommodated, our nation furnished
with a necessary defense; our commerce promoted,
and the most economical means provided for
transportation of mails, munitions of war, &c.
We are actually paying at this time $2,050,000
per annum for the transportation of mails alone
from the Atlantic and from Mississippi valley to
the Pacific ocean. And it is estimated that the
ordinary expenses of the Government at this time
in the management of the Indians, Mormons,
Pacific commerce, mails, &c., amount to more
than eight million dollars per annum. At this
rate, it will require but a few years of service for
this railroad to return to the Government every
dollar advanced under the contract as proposed.
The expenses of a Mexican war, or of a Mormon
expedition, need not enter into the calculation.
But we find another inducement to this great
national undertaking in the commerce of theEast
which will be placed at our command. That
commerce now amounts annually to about three
hundred million dollars, and is destined, at no
distant day, to amount to $500,000,000. The im-
portance of this commerce is acknowledged by
all. I shall not, therefore, dwell upon it. 1 know
there are persons who do not believe 'that this
road will in any manner affect the commerce of
the East. In 1858, a distinguished member of the
United States Senate said that he did not believe
that ships would come from Asia, from China,
from the Indies, and the isles of the oriental seas,
and land at San Francisco, with their precious
1 cargoes, to be sent across the continent by rail-
road; that the difference in the freight would not
justify it.
As between San Francisco and the Atlantic
cities, this may be true. But to make the argu-
ment of the Senator worth anything, we have to
presume that all those precious cargoes will be
destined for the Atlantic cities. We know that
there are many great distributing points between
San Francisco and the Atlantic. And should
those precious cargoes be destined and carried to
Boston or New York, it would only be for the
purpose of distribution, and the extra cost of '
transportation westwardly again would amount
to a considerable sum. But the importance, and
even actual necessity of this Pacific railroad is so
generally admitted that the only really practical
question is how and where it shall be built.
Nothing short of the authority and assistance
of a nation is equal to an undertaking so gigantic.
To open a road eighteen hundred miles in length,
through a wild country, through Indian reserves,
