THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1860.
New Series No. 50.
excepting that we have added to it the proviso I
have referred to. I have stated thus much in
justification of the committee.
Mr. MASON. I submit to the Senator from
Maine, that he accept this as a modification of his
amendment, to be added to the clause which he
proposes to retain:
And that hereafter nothing shall pass free by mail.
That will shut out the Congressional Globe and
everything else.
Mr. HAMLIN. That will come in as an
amendment, appropriately, afte^you strike out
what I propose to strike out, ana l will vote for it
then. Let the question be first taken on striking
out. If we strike it out, I will vote to insert the
Senator's amendment.
Mr. MASON. Then I will reserve it until the
vote shall be taken on the Senator's proposition.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. If I understand it, there
are two motions now pending, to strike out; one
is. that proposed by the Post Office Committee;
they propose to strike out the whole bill. The
motion of the Senator from Maine, now pending,
also proposes to strike it out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Kentucky, that the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads report an
amendment to the whole bill. Their proposition
is to strike out the whole of the original bill after
the enacting clause, and to insert what they rec-
ommend. Before the question is taken on striking
out and inserting, it is proper to modify it by
amendment, or, in other words, as it is usually
called, to perfect the matter proposed to be stricken
out, before the question is taken on the substi-
tute.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. That is right.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Maine, to
strike out ail the original bill following the word
"abrogated," in the first section.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. Now the question comes on the
substitute, I suppose.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Nothing is now
left of the original bill after the word "abroga-
ted," in the first section; and the question recurs
on striking that out and inserting what is recom-
mended by the Committee on the Post Ofiice and
Post Roads. To what is proposed to be inserted,
is pending a proposition to insert the amendment
moved by the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr.Doo-
little.] The question is on the amendment to
the amendment, as moved by the Senator from
Wisconsin.
Mr. MASON. I understand that the Senate,
by its vote just now, has stricken from the ori-
ginal bill all but a simple abrogation of the frank-
ing privilege. That is a modification of the original
bill. Now, I propose, before any other amend-
ment is made, still further to modify it by adding
to the text the following words:
And that nothing hereafter shall pass free by mail.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is in or-
der, the original bill being yet subject to modi-
fication.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POWELL. I move to amend by adding
this proviso and section:
Provided, That all persons now authorized by law to
flank, by indorsing their names and designation by which
the i igi.t in conteried upon them, on all matter mailed by
them^i-hall be exempt from picpavmentof postage; but
the postage on such mail matter shall be due and payable
t'V the pel son or persons to whom th - maybe directed,
at the point of destination.
~ind le it further enacted. That this act shall take effect,
fiom and aftei the loth day of April next.
This is the proviso which was reported by the
Committee on Finance in their amendment to the
Post Office appropriation bill. I am indifferent,
myself, as to whether it be adopted or not. I de-
sire its passage for this reason, which is not per-
sonal to myself: When this matter was under
debate, many members of the House of Repre-
sentatives desired to retain the franking privilege
because they said it would tax them very much
to reply to the letters of their constituents. This
50
proviso, if adopted, will relieve gentlemen of all
apprehensions On that score. The section which
I propose to add proposes that the act shall take
effect on the 15th of April. That will give mem-
bers an opportunity of sending the documents
they have to their constituents, and give the peo-
ple time to know that such a law is in existence.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment contains two distinct propositions; and the
question can bo taken on both together or on each
separately.
Mr. GREEN. I ask for a division.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then, the ques-
tion will be on the proviso, in the first place.
Mr. 1YERS0N. If I understand the operation
of the proviso, it will be to relieve members of
Congress from the expense of postage and throw
the whole of it on tljeir constituents. If a con-
stituent of mine writes me on public business, or
any political question, he has to pay the postage
in advance; but if I respond to him, under this
proviso, I can frank it, and it goes to his post
ofiice, and then he must pay the postage in order
to take it out.
Mr. MASON. Unless you pay it.
Mr. IVERSON. Then it gives me the privilege
of throwing the burden on him, if I choose to do
it. 1 do not want to tempt Senators and Repre-
sentatives to do any such ungracious act, and
therefore I shall vote against llic proviso. I am
for letting our constituents write to us ad libitum
without paying any postage. I think the con-
stituency ought to be allowed to have free access
to their Senators and Representatives in Congress,
to write on all questions in which tliey an: inter-
ested; on all questions of business, as well as all
questions affecting the interests and politics of the
country. My opinion is, that they ought to be
enlightened. I would give them this privilege;
and I would rather restrict the power and priv-
ilege of the Senators and Representatives, and let
them pay; but I am opposed to imposing burdens
on the constituency. I took this position two
years ago; it is not novel with me. In a speech
which I made at the last session, I advocated that
power and privilege of the people to have access
to their Senators and Representatives, as far as
possible. I shall therefore vote against this amend-
ment.
Mr. CLAY. I shall vote against the amend-
ment that has been offered, but for a different
reason from that given by the Senator from Geor-
gia. As far as my constituency are concerned,-1
think I may say that they are willing to pay three
cents on any letters that they have addressed to
me; but I want to be protected against, and I want
to have the mail relieved of, a vast deal of matter
that is sent to me that does not interest me—docs
not concern my constituents—that comes free, and
which would not be sent, in my opinion, if it was
required to be prepaid. For instance, this morning
I received half a dozen letters or communications
in letter envelopes; and I found one to be an ad-
vertisement of a patent medicine, another of a new
style ofpatcnt pump, another of anew style of grist
mill, and another an abolition document that was
sent to me either to enlighten or to incense me—I
do not know which, ami do not care.
Now, sir, all these documents, 1 think, would
never have reached me, and would never have
been transmitted to me, if the patentees and the
Abolitionists had not been privileged to enjoy
their transmission free of postage. 1 am embar-
rassed continually, too, by letters for my auto-
graph, as I suppose every other Senator is, and
by letters asking formy speech, or for some other
Senator's speech, which I am sure would never
be written, if it cost the persons writing them
more than the trouble of writing their names and
a line or so of manuscript and si nding it here. I
think that any correspondent who is not prepared
to pay the trifling sum of three cents on his letter,
writes on a subject that is not worthy of being
read. I am in favor of putting us all on the same
basis: let our constituents pay when they write
to us, and let us prepay when we write to them.
I trust the amendment will not be adopted.
Mr. BROWN. I am wholly opposed to this
amendment; so much opposed to it that, if it be
carried into the bill, I am not certain that I shall
not vote against the whole bill. Put this amend-
ment in the bill, and it is to abolish all the frank-
ing privilege, and yet leave the privilege, I think,
in a much worse form. Here you are allowed to
send documents to a man at home, or anywhere
else, with your frank on them, and they will go
through the mail free; the Government will per-
form all the service, and then it will depend on
whether some one at the other end of tilt line will
pay the postage to get them out. Let me tell my
friend from Kentucky that he ought to be very
cautious how he exercises his privilege m this
way. A man who gets his letter or speech, or
any other document, neatly folded, pays the post-
age and takes it out, and if he finds that it ia not
worth the cost, he will not thank him very much.
Mr. POWELL. I do not expect to send worth-
less documents.
Mr. BROWN. If a document is worth any-
thing, let the postage be prepaid on it. Under
the proposition now offered, thousands of docu-
ments will bo sent that will never be taken out of
the post office; the Government will undergo all
the drudgery of carrying them, and there they
will lie to bo destroyed and burnt up as mere waste
rubbish. You will have the same books published
that you have had published through all time, if
you put this amendment in. One of the great
savings which I hope to make, not only of time
and trouble, but of money, by the adoption of this
bill, is to get rid of the vast amount of useless and
worthless printing that we have had. If you put
in this proviso, however, that same printing will
be done, and I know what will happen: members
of Congress will have these books printed, and
will send them out with their franks on them, and
tliey will write on the outside of the envelope
what is inside, and then, if the man to whom it is
addressed does not choose to pay the postage, ho
will not take the thing out of the office; thousands
of your books willnever betaken out,and millions
of yourspeeches will not be, to acertainty. I want
a total abolition of the franking privilege, if wo
are going to do it at all.
Mr. RICE. Is there not another objection? If
the amendment prevails, what check will there be
against counterfeiting a frank ? I say, not only
Representatives find Senators, but anyone else
may put oil our franks; and if the man who re-
ceives the paper pays three cents for it, it will bo
taken out of the office.
Mr. BROWN. I am in favor of striking out
the whole thing, and if there is any exception that
I would make, it would not be that which my col-
league suggested as to the ex-Presidents and tlieir
widows. If I made any exceptions at all, it would
be in favor of postmasters keeping small offices
who could not be induced to retain the office merely
for the commissions. But I am willing to let the
whole privilege be buried by this bill; and if Con-
gress hereafter, in its wisdom, shall find it neces-
sary to keep up the small offices where the pay is
little, by a restoration of this privilege to them, let
it be done; but now I think we had better take
the bill as the committee have reported it, abol-
ishing the whole privilege everywhere, in every-
body, and get rid of it entirely.
Mr. DAVIS. The greater part of my objec-
tion to abolishing it, as to the few persons on
whom it had been conferred by special act, was
the indecency of the thing. My colleague obliges
me to use plain language in relation to it.
Mr. BROWN. I think it is conferred on .every-
body by special legislation.
Mr. DAVIS. Then there is the great error
into which my colleague falls. When you confer
it on an office, it is one thing; when you confer
it on an individual, it is another and a very dif-
ferent thing. It is a complimentary act when you
confer it on an individual; it is an official or public
act when it attaches to the office which he holds.
There is a want of decency in repealing a law by
which you have conferred a compliment upon an
individual. I abstained from saying so when I
