1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
money to be credited to those parties was money
belonging to the public that was lost?
Mr DAVIS. Certainly—recruiting funds.
Mr. BAYARD. Not their own private funds;
but money belonging to the public?
Mr. DAVIS. Public money in their hands for
recruiting service.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
-iKAN^OIS GDILLOBY.
The bill (H. R. No. 262) for the relief of the
heirs or legal representatives of Franjois Guillory
was considered as is Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to confirm the claim of the heirs or
legal representatives of Fran$ois Guillory, de-
ceased , I ate of the parish of St. Landry, in the State
of Louisiana, in their claim to that tract or parcel
of lands known on the public surveys of the south-
western district of Louisiana as section number
one hundred and eight,in township number four
south, range number three east, and section num-
berseventy-eight, in township number four south,
of rangj^number four east, containing about one
hundred and ninety-five acres; but this confirma-
tion is only to be construed as a relinquishment
of whatever title may now be vested in the Uni-
ted States, and is in nowise to interfere with any
valid adverse claim of other or third parties.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
 . K. DOEBLEK.
The bill (H. R. No. 85) for the relief of R. K.
Doebler was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It proposes to legalize and make valid the
assignment made by Samuel H. Dill on land war-
rant for one hundred and sixUr acres of land No.
10117, issued 4th November, *851; which assign-
ment was made on the 28th day of November,
1851, to R. K. Doebler.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
KEY. JAMES CRAIG.
The bill (H. R. No. 320) for the relief of the
heirs of the Rev. James Craig, deceased, was
next announced; upon which an adverse report
had been made by the Committee on Revolution-
ary Claims.
J\Ir. BENJAMIN. I move that the bill belaid
upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
WILLIAM IIIGGIXS.
The bill (H. 11. No. C27) for the relief of the
widow and other heirs of William Higgins, de-
ceased, was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It proposes to direct the Secretary of the
Interior to cancel bounty land warrant No. 31474,
issued on the 10th day of July, 1856, to William
Higginson, for services rendered as a seaman in
the United States Navy (luring the war with
Mexico, and to reissue it to William Higgins, the
real parly for whom the bounty was intended.
The bill was reported to the Senate; ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
MARGARET WHITEHEAD.
The bill (H. R. No. 543) for the relief of Mar-
garet Whitehead, was considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. It provides for placing upon
the pension roll the name of Margaret Whitehead,
' widow of William Whitehead, late a boatswain
in the Navy of the United States, at five dollars
per month from the 9th day of April, 1854.
The Committee on pensions leported the bill
with amendments: to strike ont" five," and insert
" ten," so as to increase the pension to ten dol-
lars per month: and also, to insert the Words,
"during widowhood."
The amendments were agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended;
and the amendments were concurred in, and or-
dered to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a
third time. The bill was read the third time,and
passed.
JOIIN F. IIUNTEIl.
The bill (U. R. No. 219) granting a pension to
Major John F. Hunter, was considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It pioposes to direct
the Secretary of tile Interior to place the name of
John F. Hunter on the list of invalid pensioners,
at die rate of thirty dollars per month, from the
27th of January, 1858, to continue during his
natural life.
2749
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is a very large pen-
sion—thirty dollars a month.
Mr. THOMSON. It is the regular pension of
his grade.
Mr. LANE. He is totally disabled from ser-
vice—without the use of his hands. He cannot
help himself at all. I know it is a very merito-
rious case.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It may be a very meri-
torious case; but I recollect that a few days ago
the chairman of the Committee on Pensions at-
tacked very severely a proposition to allow a pen-
sion of twenty-five dollars a month to a man who
was both deaf and blind; a case such as I pre-
sume never had before occurred and probably
never will occur again. The man expended his
all in trying; to save his eyes. Now, here is a bill
to give another man a pension of thirtydollars a
month.
Mr. THOMSON. The case to which the Sen-
ator from Illinois refers is, ] presume, the case
of Valentine Wehrheim, a private in the Mexican
war, who was severely wounded,and put on the
pension roll by the Commissioner. Application
was made by him for an increase of pension, and
the Committee on Pensions agreed to report a bill
for sixteen dollars a month. In the House, it
was amended and increased to twenty-five dol-
lars; a pension such as never, 1 believe, has been
panted to a person in that position in the Army.
The pension that is now provided for Major John
P. Hunter is the pension which has been fixed
by the general laws of the United States in the
case of a major in the line.
Mr. PUGH. I ask the Senator from New Jer-
sey if this is not a pension above his rank? Is
it not the half pay of a lieutenant colonel?
Mr. THOMSON. I think not now.
Mr. PUGH. If I am not greatly mistaken, it
is half the pay of a lieutenant colonel.
Mr. THOMSON. No; that is thirty-five dol-
lars.
Mr. BRAGG. The highest pension allowed is
thirty dollars.
Mr. PUGH. This is to give this officcrabove
the. rule.
Mr. GRIMES. I will say to the Senator from
Ohio," that there docs not seem to be any rule to
govern the Senate in these cases. The Senate
this session, on motion of the Senator from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Crittenden,] has agreed to give to
the widow of a lieutenant of infantry a pension
of thirty dollars a month—Mrs. Kate Taylor.
Her husband was a brevet captain, but he was
only a lieutenant in the line. That is more than
the half pay of a major. This man, Mr. Hun-
ter, I believe was only a captain in the line, and,
I think, when he retired from service, he became
a brevet major when he left the Mexican war.
Mr. THOMSON. I think he was a full major,
and acted as a colonel in the war.
Mr. GRIMES. I may be mistaken about that;
but that was my impression. I am prepared to
vote a thirty dollar pension to him, considering
the precedents that have been established. Bat I
simply rose to reply to the remark of the Senator
from New Jersey, that the amendment made by
the House of Representatives to the Senate bill,
granting* pension to Valentine Wehrheim, is un-
precedented. There are several cases where pen-
sions have been granted to privates to a greater
extent than twenty-five dollars a month. There
was a ease where a man had been connected with
the naval service; but at the time the accident
occurred to him was not connected either with
the naval or military service at all, who was
maimed by the dischage of a cannon at New Or-
leans in firing a salute on the 4th of July; and you
have him on your pension roll to-day at forty
dollars a month. The case of Valentine Wehr-
heim, whose application the Senator from New
Jersey says is unprecedented, is, I think, a case
that calls for moresympathyand a larger bounty
than any case that ever was presented to Con-
gress. It was a case where the man had lost his
hearing, lost his sight, and lost all his property in
consequence of a wound that he received in fight-
ing the battles of his country.
The bill was ordered to a third reading.
Mr. PUGH, I thought the Senator from Illi-
nois made some motion about the amount.
Mr.TRUMBULL. Ididnotmakoanymotion;
but I called attention to it.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
VALENTINE WEHBHKIK.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to dispose of Val-
entine Wehrheim's case now. It is a Senate bill
which passed the House of Representatives witlt
ap amendment. I ask that the Senate now concur
in the amendment. The Committee on Pension#
have recommended a concurrence.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there he no
objection, the Chair will put the question on con*
curring in the House amendment to the bill (S 
No. 228) for the relief of Valentine Wehrheim.
The amendment of the House of Representa-
tives was to strike out "sixteen," and insert
" twenty-five," so as to make the bill read:
That the Secretary of the Interior be, and he is hereby, -
directed to place the name of Valentine Wehrheim on tho
roll of invalid pensioners, and pay him at the rate of twenty-
five dollars a month, from and after the 28th day of Janu-
ary, 1860.
The amendment was concurred in.
ABRAHAM CKUM,
The bill (H. R. No. 313) granting a pension to
Abraham Crum,was consideredas in Committee
of the Whole. It provides for placing the name
of Abraham Crum, of the State of Ohio, on the
invalid pension roll, at the rate of ei^ht dollars
per month, from the 1st day of April, 1858, to
continue during his natural life.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and. passed.
BILLS LAID ON THE TABLE.
Adverse reports having been made by commit-
tees of the Senate upon the following bills, they
were respectively ordered to lie on the table:
A bill (H. R. No. 271) granting a pension to
CyrenusC. Blackman, of St. Helena parish, Lou*
isiana;
A bill (H. R. No. 373) for the relief of William
Hutchinson;
A bill (H. R. No. 691) to change the name of
the steamboat Antelope;
A bill (H. R. No. 265) for the relief of Fred-
erick Stephens;
A bill (H. R. No. 276) for the relief of Mrs.
Hannah McDowell; and
A bill (H. R. No. 229) for the relief of William
Brown. *
JOIIN T. ROBERTSON.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 3^) for the
relief of John T. Robertson, of Virginia, was
considered as in Committee of the whole. It
proposes to release John T. Robertson from any
further or existing liability to the United States,
upon his bond executed to the United States on
the 26th of July,1830,in the sum of$10,000, con-
ditioned for the payment of $5,000, in several in-
stallments, as therein provided.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
GOTLIEB SCHEERER.
The bill (H. R. No. 680) for the relief of Got~
lieb Scheerer was considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It proposes to acquit and release Got-
lieb Scheerer from the payment of a certain judg-
ment rendered against him in favor of the United
States m the district court of the United States for
the eastern district of Pennsylvania, in yae month
of June, 1857, on a recognizance entered into by
him for the appearance of Joseph Hill, on the
payment of the costs of the suit in which the
judgment was rendered.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
SHADE CALLOWAY.
The bill (H. R. No. 232) for the relief of Shade
Calloway was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It provides for the payment to Shade
Calloway of $1,350, for work done by him on the
Tennessee river, under his contract with Brevet
Lieutenant Colonel J. McClelland, dated the 16th
of September, 1853, according to the account ap-
proved and certified by the agent placed in charge
of the#work at the death of that officer.
The* bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
JAMES PI1ELAN.
The bill (H. R. No. 343) for the relief of James
Phelan was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It provides for the payment of $250 to
James Phelan, for his services in prosecuting 
