1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1805
Mr. STANTON. I suppose it is a matter of
not much consequence, so far as regards the vote
of the House, whether there was a majority oik
way or the other it) the committee. But the true
state of the ease is this: when the committee acted
on the Senate amendment, and instructed their
chairman to lepnrt the bill to the House, a ma-
jority recommended non-concurrence. After the
hill had been reported back to the House, the sub-
ject was called up informally, in committee, in the
absence of the bill. We had no control over it,
and could not reverse our action. There some
discussion was had, and votes taken, when it ap-
peared there was a change in the opinion of the
committee, and that, if the subject were brought
before it, there would probably be a majority of
the committee in favor of concurrence.
Mr. LONGNECKER. The gentleman from
South Carolina will find that the gentleman from
Virginia voted for the proposition of the chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. BONHAM. The gentleman has just in-
formed me that he is in favor of the Senate amend-
ment.
Mr. LONGNECKER. And I have understood
from him that lie is in favor of the proposition of
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. BONHAM. I am also in favor of it, but
not at this juncture.
Mr. McRAE. Mr. Chairman, as a member of
the Military Committee, I feel it my duty to make
a brief statement of this case. It seems to me a
simple one. There are but two points in it. The
first point is as to the necessity of furnishing troops
on the borders of Texas to suppress aggressions
and depredations, either of jhe white people on
the Indians, or of the Indians on the white peo-
ple. Put it cither way, or both ways. Now,
then, as to the necessity of sending troops there.
That is the first question. To establish that point,
1 will send to the Clerk's desk, to have read, a
letter published in the Austin State Gazette, in
regard to the continued depredations of the In-
dians on whites, or of the whites on Indians.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Pat.o Pinto, February 9. I860.
Dear Sir: I take the eaihcst opportunity of addressing
you a few hue?, tiom which you will discover that we ate
a«am under, probably, the greatest excitement that we have
* ver been ; not that we aieseared,as you might reasonably
suppose, but lrom the fact that there has been the mo=t
he;ut-rendir>nr depredations committed on the southwest
border of our couutv that has evei been perpetrated by our
Indian enemies. On Tuesday, the 7th instant, there came
fifteen Indians in the neighborhood ot Robert Martins, at-
tiitiunc several families, winch wete defended by bravo
t>pints°of the frontier; tlu'v succeeded, however m ap-
proachin" a defensele>s house, in which weie four inno-
cent females, whom they lorced iiom their home. A tew
men. peihaps three or four, pursued on their trail, and
traveled but a few miles when thev found two of the cap-
tive-> dead, one of whom was scalped, and signs ot savage
brutalm upon the person^ of both. The company in pui-
suit became so much excited and incensed, that they de-
termined to pursue, though having first to take care ot
the muidcred, which they did on tue morning of the bill,
(ytMeiday ;) their foice being small, they sent an express
to our town for additional aid, which we could not atiord,
except wc had started on foot, which would have been,
in mv conception, no succor at all, the Indians having
at least two days the start. What they have done with
the other two ladies, God only knows; they perhaps ha\e
shaietl the fate of their two sisters ere this time, ihey
wore the daughters of a Mr. Lemlev, who fotmeriy resided
on Iit echi. The Indians had with them about t.urty or
foitv stolen horses, and were supposed to be Caddoes, by
their cursing the citizens m Lnglish. 1 could give other
pattieulars but this is authentic, and I deem
Youh, in haste, SAMUEL It. BARBER.
J. II. Prince, E*q. [
Mr. McRAE. Now, Mr. Chairman, I ask that j
an extract may be read from the letter of General ;
Houston to the Secretary of War. !
The Clerk read, as follows: j
" Now, a* to mv callin? out volunteers, you will be able
to iudgc ot the propriety of my calls when you have the (
facts which I mesent to the Department before you. For
the inloinianon of the Dep.ntincnt I liave to state that,
within the last few month*, our Indian frontier, <is well d> ,
some counties considered in the interim, have been e£P°sed j
to ruthless depredations fioni the Indians, tome of them ,
within forty-four miles of oui State capital. , r
<< Accompanying tllis letter I send the Department a le-tof
persons killed, .is well as the localities in which the mur-
ders w< re perpetrated. In the last four months filM
persons were killed, and many wounded in escaping iron
the savages. Horses to fhe number of eighteen hundred
have been stolen ; and, within the last few days, sevenu
horses were stolen from the dragoons at Camp Cooper.
List of persons killed arul wounded by (he Indians in the last
four months.
In Erath county—Two women killed; two taken prison-
ers ai^d violated. Both escaped naked; one since dead.
In JJvtyuc—Five person-, killed. Two ministers shot
with ariovv- ; once s-uifc dead-
In Cu-manthc—Fivn perions killed—men, women, and
children. Two pei.sons gather and daughter) not found;
s-uppo-ed to be dead.
In Burnett—Three persons killed; two men severely
wounded.
In San Saba—One man killed.
In Jack—Nine persons killed; houses robbed and plun-
dered.
In .Bosque—Three men killed.
In Broun—Five persons killed; two taken prisoners.
In Coryell—One man killed.
In Bell—Three persons killed; two taken prisoneis.
On Clear Fork—Two persons killed.
In Cook—One woman killed.
In Gillespie—Four persons killed.
In Young—One person killed.
In Webb—Two persons killed.
On overland route—Two persons killed.
Fifty-one persons killed, and probably as many more
wounded and taken prisoners.
Eighteen hundred horses stolen, including seventy from
the United States troops at camp Cooper.
The above is compiled from reliable documents on file
in the Department.
Exlcuuve Department, Austin, March 12, 1860.
Mr McRAE. Now I send to the Clerk's desk,
and ask to have read, an extract from a letter from
Governor Houston of a date subsequent to that.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"Since I commenced this communication, intelligence
has reached me of other murders and thefts m Erath county
— a mail rider killed and scalped. Likewise, a woman
murdered, and a woman and child carried into captivity.
"I hope for a epaedy leplv, as our situation calls for
piompt action. We need arm-*, as well as rangers.
" I have the lionoi to be, voui most obedient servant,
" SAM HOUSTON. •
" Since the above was wiitten, twelve additional miu-
(leis have been repoited—four of them within thnty miles
ot Saa Antonio, the headquarter of the military depait-
mcntof Texas; two otheis within twenty-five imlco of
Camp Cooper.-'
Mr. McRAE. Now, Mr. Chairman, I present
these statements as evidence that it is absolutely
necessary that there should be troops sent to the
Texas frontier, in order to suppress these hostil-
ities between the Indians and the whites, and in
oider to arrest violence, bloodshed, and murder.
On the receipt of that communication, I had an
interview with the Secretary ot War myself, m
which he stated to me that he had hesitated here-
tofore to recommend the organization of this (
Texas regiment, for the reason that he preferred
to have a regular cavalry regiment raised; but
that, on rcecipt of that communication from the
Executive of Texas, he had become entirely sat-
isfied that it was absolutely necessary, immedi-
ately and speedily, to put the troops on that fron-
tier; and that he had come to the conclusion that
the most efficient troops to be placed there were
the Texas rangers. I think the necessity is shown .
to exist.
Another question is simply as to the character
of the troops to be placed there. Some prefer that
troops of the regular Army should be mounted
from the infantry, and that two mounted regi-
ments of infantry shall perform the service of
suppressing these Indian hostilities. Isow, those
who take that position take it right in the very
face of the fact that the regular Army—twenty-six
hundred in number—have been on the frontier of
Texas during this time, and have not been able to
suppress these hostilities.
The question is whether, if two infantry regi-
ments were mounted, they would be efficient for
this purpose. Now, Mr. Chairman, it is
j known to all who have any knowledge at all of
! the infantry troops of the United States, that they
' are not horsemen, and cannot bo made capable and
1 efficient horacmen within any reasonable time. I
venture to say thjit theie are not now ten men in
any infantry company who can mount a horse
and ride him at a gallop over the plains or through
woods. They would not be efficient for any pur-
pose in the way of suppressing these Indian hos-
tilities. Why, it is just as much as any mtantry i
man can do, who rides a horse through lougn
woods, to hold on himself; he certainly cannot
use any instrument ot wariare with any degiec o
efficiency, (xentlcmen smile at that; and it may
seem to be an unreasonable thing.
1 know that gentlemen in this House who tue
ordinary good riders on a road would find great
difficulty in riding a horse over the plains of j
Texas, and through rough woods, and usmgany ;
weapon cither of offense or defense. ,It requires !
some skill and praetice to make a man a good 1
horseman and efficient in that character of ser-
vice The Governor of Texas, who is Inmselt a
military man, who is well known to be a humane
mail, and who, we all know, has always had a
tender care for the Indians, recommends this vol-
unteer regiment. The Secretary of War recom-
mends it. We all know that men who are ac-
customed, as these people in Texas are, to riding,
often on wild horses, ove.r the plains and rough
woods, are much more efficient and capable of
using arms on horses than these infantry can ever
be taught to be.
Now, in face of the fact that the executive de-
partment of Texas, and in face of the fact that
the Secretary of War himself recommends this
regiment, is this House to turn around and say
they will change the character of troops, and send
in troops that will be inefficient?
These are the only two points that I see in the
question: whether there is a necessity for sending
troops there, and what character of troops will be
most efficient in suppressing hostilities.
Now, Mr. Chairman, it is objected that the
Texas rangers would be more hostile against the
Indians than the infantry would be. I take it for
granted that these troops, while in service, would
be under the command of officers who could always
properly restrain them, as.much so as regular
troops would be; and the fact has been instanced,
in response to that objection, that women have
been killed heretofore by regular troops, in the
case of the attack by Major Van Dorn. I mention
thefact,which wasstatedin committee,and which
is known to all who are acquainted with the habits
and costumes of Indians, that you cannot distin-
guish, at a distance, men from women.' These-
women were killed by assaults made upon the
wholeparty ;itbeingunknown,by thepersons who
killed them, that women were in the party. It was
an act which,from thenecessity of the case, could
not be avoided.
But another thing. It has been said that Cap-
tain Tobin would be made one of the captains of
this regiment, ifwe authorized it to be raised. Now,
sir, I understand the gentleman from Texas to say
that Governor Houston issued a proclamation for
the arrest of this Captain Tobin.
Mr. REAGAN. I will say to the gentleman
from Mississippi that Captain Tobin was not in
that service at all. Ho has been recently in the
service on the Rio Grande. It has been said that
Captain Baylor was the person to whom the gen-
tleman alludes. I do not know whether Captain
P.aylor was there or not. The company which
killed the Indians, and which Governor Runnels
issued his proclamation for the arrest of, was
commanded by Garland.
Mr. McRAE. Baylor is the name I intended,
not Tobin. But that is immaterial. The point I
wished to make was, that the Governor of Texas
and the authorities of Texas would not themselves
have permitted any such cruelties upon the part of
the Texan volunteers; and such would be the con-
duct of the Texan authorities, I have no doubt, if
this regiment be raised. I am utterly surprised
that, with the information before us of the hostili-
ties that exist oil the frontier of Texas, any gentle-
man should be found to refuse to furnish troops for
the protection of that frontier, or that any gentle-
man should refuse to furnish the description of
troops which will prove most efficient.
Mi. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I have
several objections to the passage of this bill, as
amended by the Senate. In theiirst place, itpro-
poses to increase the military force of the coun-
try, which, I think, is unnecessary. I believe
our Army is quite as large as is necessary for the
defense of the country. Its legal number is, I
believe, something like eighteen thousand men;
and 1 cannot possibly see, if that number of troops
are judiciously disposed, iiow more troops can
find useful employment upon our frontier. It is
known that, with one or two exceptions—perhaps
with the exception of Texas, Oregon, and Wash-
ington—there is little danger of Indian hostilities;
anil I think there would be less danger there if
the white men were watched, and the Indians
protected, instead of the Indians being watched,
and the whites protected.
It is said that the necessity for troops upon the
Texas frontier has existed' for several years—
since 1833, Why, then, were iroops sent to en-
force despotism in Kansas? Why were not the
troops sunt to Texas which were seat to Mor-
mondova,. where there was no necessity for them .
Why were not the twenty-six hundred or three
