1806
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
thousand men sent to Texas who were sent to
Utah, and 'remained there at great cost to the
Government, for no other reason under heaven,
that I can see, except to watch the intercourse
between Brigham Young and his concubines.
[Laughter.] And, now that their curiosity is sat-
isfied, they are being removed, as I am informed,
as speedily as possible, and transferred to the
Texan frontier. When they arrive there, certainly
a sufficient number of troops will be collected upon
that frontier to repel any amount of hostilities
that may exist from any quarter, either to watch
the Indians and protect the white men, or to watch
the white men and protect the Indians. But,
again, I am informed that there are now upon that
Texan frontier near three thousand troops.
Mr. REAGAN. I will state to the gentleman,
if he will allow me, that there are but eighteen
hundred troops in Texas proper. There are some
twenty-six hundred in the military department of
Texas; but of that number about eight hundred
are stationed in the Indian territory.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Suppose
they are in the Indian territory: that is as good
a place to guard the Indians as any other. I think
it is quite as well to watch the Indians in their
own country as to go down into Texas and wait
for the Indians to come down.
Mr. HAMILTON. In speakingof the Indian
territory, my colleague did not mean to be under-
stood as referring to the country occupied by the
wild savages on the Texas frontier, but to refer
to tho country set apart by the Goverment for
the Chcrokees, Chiclcasaws, and other tribes of
friendly Indians.
Mr, STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. On the
borders of New Mexico ?
Mr. HAMILTON. No, sir; on the borders of
Arkansas.
Mr. REAGAN. I will explain to tho gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, that between the country
west of Arkansas, occupied by the friendly In-
dians, and the borders of New Mexico, there is
a large plain, over which these Camanche and
other Indians range.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. And these
eight hundred troops are stationed there?
Mr. REAGAN. No, sir; the troops are sta-
tioned in the neighborhood of the friendly Indians.
There are 110 friendly Indians on the plain to
which I have referred.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. They are
where there is danger from Indian depredations,
or else they arc badly placed. There are, then,
in fact, twenty-six or twenty-seven hundred
troops there. If that is not enough, increase your
regular Army—increase it with rogulartroops that
sliall be under the discipline and under the com-
mand of the officers of the United States, and who
shall not partake of tlie partisan character, the
prejudice, tho revengeful feelings, possibly, of
many of those who live upon the borders. 1 am
finding no fault with those who live upon the
bordeis, for I know how natural it is for men to
hate the Indians. Perhaps they have cause for
it. If they have not cause for it, tlicy have rea-
son enough in that amiable doctrine of manifest
destiny to make them desire to exterminate them.
Now, sir, if the Army must be increased, let it
be increased by regular troops, instead of raising
another army of frontiermen. I do not say any-
thing against them, but we all know what they
are. They are impetuous men, without much
knowledge of, and perhaps without much regard
for, law. Officered by themselves, and partaking
of the hostility which actuates the white men
along the border against the Indians, they are not
the fit guardians of a border peace.
Mr. KONHAM. Will the gentleman permit
me to interrupt him ?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Certainly.
Mr. BONHAM. The gentleman from Peen-
sylvama was not a member of the last Congress,
and he is not aware, perhaps, that an efl'ort was
then made, upon the recommendation of the Pres-
ident and of the Secretary of War, for an increase
of the regular Army, and that it failed. I will
cheerfully vote to increase the Army, but I ima-
gine that we will find that such a measure will
hardly pass this Congress.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I will vote
for a substitute for this amendment, which will
provide for the mounting immediately of two
regiments of our present Army. Our friends on
the other side say that \ye cannot do that in time,
because we cannot teach the soldiers to ride.
This is a novel idea. When a boy, I remember
seeing recruits taken to Burlington for the pur-
pose of being put into the cavalry regiments.
They were trained all day, three or four times a
day, and in a week the rawest of them learned to
ride with the best. I admit that an Irishman is
u pretty hard customer to keep upon horseback,
but he can be taught to ride well. I trust, how-
ever that our troops are not all Irish. [Laughter.]
I know that we have from Pennsylvania a good
many recruits, who can ride as well as any others.
Perhaps they may not ride as well as the Texans.
If they cannot, they can soon learn. I think,
therefore, that there is nothing in that objection.
Mr. REAGAN. I think that there is a great
deal in it. These raw recruits are not the men
to put upon horseback and send out against the
Indians. I will state an instance which came
under my own observation. I saw some of the
regular troops during the process of being mounted
at Port Worth. They were put upon horses, and
a bar was fixed but a short distance from the
ground for them to jump over. It was a very
ridiculous sight. A Dutch recruit would either
hang by the pommel or cantle of the saddle and
let his gun fall, or grasp his gun and tumble upon
tho ground, -when the horse made his leap. These
are the kind of men you would get by mounting
these infantry regiments. They would be of 110
"service against the Camanches, who are the best
horsemen in the world—the Arabs not excciDted.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Those men
were recruited in Texas. [Laughter.]
Mr. REAGAN. No, sir; they were brought
into the State. I do not object to the gentleman's
wit at other times, but it is out of place here.
Mr. STEVENS,of Pennsylvania. The gen-
tleman's description conveys no idea of the way
tlicy ride up in my country.
Mr. REAGAN. They were brought from that
direction.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania yield to the gentleman from Texas?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Certainly;
always. I always yield to the gentleman. He
gives us such clear anecdotes, and so startling,
that, if he did not tell them, they would be incred-
ible. I like to hear the anecdotes, however.
[Laughter.] 1
Now, Mr. Chairman, if there is an immediate
necessity for these troops, you will have to organ-
ize this regiment; put the soldiers upon fresh
horses, untrained and unused to the service; offi-
cer them; find them arms. All this has to be
done, at a cost, perhaps, of $1,000,000.
The Government, as is natural, does not like to
expend this money, if it can get along without
doing so. I say, that if it is necessary to have
mounted troops, then mount your infantry. We
have already in Texas one regiment of mounted
cavalry, and I think that they are amongst the
best riders in the country. I have heard it said
that they were. I have read of some charges that
they are reported to have made, which were equal
to anything the Camanchcs could do.
I have great objections to this project of enlist-
ing Texas rangers. I believe that t'hey would be
the cause of war. I have heard gentlemen say
that war with Mexico was imminent. Whenever
it is wanted to carry a war measure, you have to
hand a war, which is at your gates, and you
have men, and women, and children murdered to
order, to make up aca3e. If there is any danger
of war in Mexico, it is because it will be brought
on by these very men pursuing Indians,01'Mexi-
cans, or somebody else, into Mexico, and by the
Mexicans resisting. Then, I have no doubt, we
would have war deelaredin a preamble—asitwas
once before, by which the war-making power was
taken away from Congress—that "whereas war
exists with Mexico by her own act, therefore, "&c.
We have letters read urging upon us, it would
seem, that, as one or two men and women were
killed, we must raise this regiment; as if it were
the only way of bringing them back to life. I
wish the Indians had newspapers of their own.
If they had, you would have horrible pictures of
the cold-blooded murders of inoffensive Indians.
You would have more terrible pictures than we
have now revealed to us, and, I have no doubt,
we would have the real reasons given for these
Indian troubles. I suppose they would be as ac-
curate es those you have in the letters which have
just been read, and which have come in hero so
opportunely.
I believe, with the gentleman from New York, .
[Mr. Olin,] that these troubles are oftonest caused
by bad white men. I do not say that the people of
Texas are generally bad men. I believe that there
are bad men among them, as there arc amongst
every people. We have everywhere a class of peo-
ple not approved of by the people of the States;
and I believe these bad white men oftener com-
mit these murders than the Indians, who know
their own weakness too well to provoke organ-
ized invasions of their camps and villages. When
we charged upon the Florida Indians in one par-
ticular battle, for the purpose of avenging some
murders that had been committed, and some
eleven men were killed, it was ascertained, when
they were washed, that every one of them was a
white man. It is too often so. I verily believe
that nine tenths of the treaties which have been
violated—from the treaty of Holston to the pres-
ent time—have been violated by Christian white
men, instead of by savage Indians.
I remember, sir, that a highly respectable offi-
cer, who was present at the making of the Flor-
ida treaty, the enforcement of which cost us
#30,000,000 and many lives, said that there was
not a single head man, chief, or brave present at
the making of that treaty; that stragglers were
taken up and clothed by the officers from their own
clothes,and the treaty was made with them, which
the Government went 011 to enforce at the cost of
millions of dollars. If the history of that war could
bo written, it would show that we were the ag-
gressors rather than the Indians. One of tho best
officers in this Government, General Jesup, al-
lured the old chief, Osceola, into his camp,under
a flag of truce, and then ordered him to be sur-
rounded by the troops and capturcd, in violation
of good faith. It were well if we could imitate
that Indian's Roman conduct. Instead of railing,
it is said ho rose to his feet and his only exclama-
tion was, "Is this the white men's faith?" while
the big tears rolled over his manly cheeks. And
he literally died of a broken heart before he reached
the land of his exile. There arc two sides to this
story; but the side I am now relating will scarcely
ever find its way ifito tho annals of this country,
for the red man has 110 historian.
But, sir, I did not intend long to occupy the
time of the committee. 1 have not yet seen upon
what authority it is that the Government of the
United States is called upon to protect against
these Indians until Texas has exhausted all her
powers. Then she might call upon the Govern-
ment to protect her in the same way that they
would against a domestic insurrection. It should
be recollected that the obligation imposed upon
this Government to protect citizens against hostile
tribes of Indians is because they occupy the pub-
lic lands of the United States everywhere in the
States and Territories.
Mr. REAGAN. I desire to say that the In-
dians who commit these depredations occupy
chiefly the country north of Texas, and come
down into our territory only in the fall, winter,
and spring months.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Then it
seems to me that the United States troops ought
to be planted in the Indian territory, and not in
Texas; for I was going on to say that I do not
believe that the Government of the United States
is under any obligation, 111 the first instance, to
protect against Indian depredations.
Mr. REAGAN. The articles of annexation
expressly stipulate and guaranty protection, in
addition to the guarantees of the Constitution.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I remem-
ber that that midnight treaty provides for many
things that never were fulfilled." I remember, also,
that Texas refused to surrender the public lands
to the United States, and that the United States
does not now own one foot of it.
Mr. R.EAGAN. I beg the gentleman's pardon.
It was stipulated in the articles of annexation
that Texas was to detain her public lands for the
payment of her public debts; and she afterwards
sold to the United States eighty-four thousand
square miles of those very lands, at a few cents
an acre, to enable her to pay her public debt.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I know
that it was stipulated that she should pay her pub-
lic debt, and keep the lands; and yet, within a
