i860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That correc-
tion will be made.
The amendmelit was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate asamended;
and the amendment was concurred in, and ordered
to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a third
time. It was read the third time, and passed.
SYLVESTER GRAY.
Mr. PUGH. Mr. President, there is a Senate
bill which comes next in order on the Calendar,
and which, if not passed now, will soon be of no
use. I ask the Senate, therefore, to take it up.
It is merely to confirm a preemption claim. If
not passed at once, it cannot go into operation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. To change the
order of the Senate for the day requires unanimous
consent. The Chair hears no objection.
There being 110 objection, the bill (S.No. 452)
for thel'elief of Sylvester Gray was read a sec-
ond time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It confirms the claim of Sylvester Gray,
a free man of color, made under the preemption
act of September 4, 1841, to the northwest quar-
ter of section fourteen, in township forty-eight,
of range thirteen, of the lands of the United States
subject to sale at the land office at Superior, Wis-
consin; and upon completion of the claim, by
payment of the purchase money, or the location
of a bounty land warrant, the Secretary of the
Interior is to cause to be issued to him a patent
for the land, as in other cases.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
JOHN DIXON.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
next proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No.
236) for the relief of John Dixon, which had been
reported adversely from the Committee on Public
Lands. It directs the Secretary of the Interior to
issue a bounty land warrant for one hundred and
sixty acres, to John Dixon, of Dixon's Ferry, in
the State of Illinois, for services rendered in the
Black Hawk war.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask that that bill may be
put on its passage. I will remark that tile chair-
man of the Committee on Public Lands, with
whom I had a conversation on the subject, stated
that he reported adversely on this bill to grant a
land warrant to Mr. Dixon, for the reason that the
testimony before tlxe committee did not seem to be
sufficient of his having rendered any service. He
was not enlisted in the service, but lie performed
valuable service in the Black Hawk war—fur-
nished supplies, and acted as a guide and inter-
preter. He is an old man, over eighty years of
age, and is now in very reduced circumstances.
Some of his friends have made this application to
get the old man a land warrant; and he comes, I
think, within the spirit of the law. The Senator
from Mississippi, [Mr. Davis,] who served in
that war, knows him personally, and perhaps he
would make a statement to the Senate of his knowl-
edge of the services for which it is proposed to
grant a land warrant to this poor old man.
Mr. DAVIS. As stated by the Senator from
Illinois, I do know this individual personally, and
believe him to be a very honest man, and I should
have great confidence in his statement. He was
one of the first pioneers in the country near what
is now the town of Dixon, formerly known as
Dixon's Ferry. He lived there 111 an isolated
position when I first knew him. His house was
reached by crossing a wide prairie country in-
habited only by Indians. He was of great service
in the first settlement of the country. He was of
service to the troops when they ascended the Rock
river in the Black Hawk campaign. For some
time a post was established at or near his house.
He was of service at that time in furnishing sup-
plies and giving information 111 regard to the coun-
try, and afterwards in taking care of the sick. In
a liberal spirit towards camp followers, we have
since that time provided for packmen, foi team-
sters, and for clerks, giving them bounty land
warrants equally with the soldiers who were serv-
ing in the same campaign. I think the only ob-
jection in this case is the want of testimony; nut
I have such confidence in the individual, together
with my recollection of the circumstances, that X
would say that ho was within the spiritof the law,
and I should be glad, because of his many ser-
:m'5i
vices in the first settlement of that country, to see
him thus rewarded.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I made the
report in this case under the instruction of the
Committee on Public Lands, and I wish to state
something in regard to it. Amongst the number
of these cases it is impossible, of course, that any
one man can entirely recollect all. It was reported
adversely, however, according to my memory at
present, entirely on the ground of deficiency or
testimony.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is so stated.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I have some
papers here in regard to it that 1 will read.
Mr. LANE. As I am a member of that com-
mittee, I will remind the chairman of the main
reason for this report, as 1 recollect the case. My
recollection is that he claimed it on account of
service. The returns show that he was mustered
into the service one day, and two days afterwards
mustered out of service. There was no reason
given why he was so soon discharged. He did
not render sufficient service under the law to en-
title him to bounty land.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is undoubtedly so.
He docs not come within the law. The bill passed
the House, I believe, on the statement of mem-
bers who knew personally the position which he
had occupicd, and that was why I called on the
Senator from Mississippi to make the statement
which he did. 1 am not disposed to find any fault
with the action of the committee, but I think the
statement which has been made would jusufy the
granting of this warrant, and 1 should be glad if
it were done.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I will state now
the facts in regard to it, and 1 am perfectly willing
that the Senate shall pass the bill if they choose
to do so. When I have stated the case it will be
for the Senate to consider what ciFcct the precedent
of passing it may have. If the passage of the bill
is to establish a precedent that is to govern the
committees of the Senate hereafter, of course it
will have a very extended effect, which the Sen-
ate would not approve if the committees are forced
by the action ot the Senate to-day to report dif-
ferently hereafter from what they have reported
heretofore. I have here from the Pension Office
a letter, dated April 4, I860, to the following
effect. I will not read the mere formal part of it:
" On referring Ins claim to the Second .Auditor ot the
Treasuiy tor report of service from tlie rolls, it was found
tliat he onl) reived from the 21st to the 23d of June, 1632,
and wa-5 thou k discharged on surgeon's certificate, at IViIJ-
bmn, Illinois;5 and, us tiie thud section of the act of
March 3,18.55, declares ' that in no case shall a certificate
or Wtinaut be i&sued for any seivice ie&s than lourteen
days,' except m ceitam cases theiciu specified, his claim
was i ejected.
1 he act of 28th September, 1830, expressly provided, in
reference to claims arising under it, that ' whenever any
officer or soldier was honorably discharged, in consequence
ol disability ui service, before the expuation of his period
of scrvice, he shall receive the amount to which he would
have been entitled if hehadscivedthe full period for which
he had engaged to serve.'
'* Captain Adaii's company served from the 21st of June
to the 17th ol Augu&t, likfci; and, in my opinion, it would
be equitable and just toaopiy the &ame pimciple of the act
oi 1S50 lo the case of Dixon, but that, as it was not ex-
pressly so directed by the act ol It&o, it can only be done
by legislation."
There is a guasi-recoinmcndation, I think, 6f the
case. That is by letter, dated April 4th. There
is another letter here, dated April 5th, from the
Secretary of the Interior, corresponding with the
previous reply. A letter, dated May 9th, is to this
effect:
u I have to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the
8th instant, and, in reply, have to say, that the rolls show
John Dixon to have been discharged on the 23d day of June,
j832, at Willbmn, Illinois, and on a surgeon's certificate;
but that, inasmuch astheceitificateisnot in the possession
of this otiice,or ot the Second Auditor of the Treasury De-
partment, it cannot be stated whether the disability on ac-
count ol winch he was discharged was incurred in the line
ol his duty."
So that that is notknown. The case is one that
is involved in doubt. The committee made a re-
port upon it, which I will read, if it is desired.
These are the facts; and perhaps the Senate can
reach a conclusion without the aid of the written
report furnished by the committee.
The Committee on Public Lands have not been
disposed to proscribe this applicant. The Senate
has to-day been furnished with testimony by the
statement of the Senator from Mississippi, the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs,
which was not before the Committee on Public
Lands at the time the case was considered. The
Senate, in view of that additional testimony, and
of the peculiar characteristics of the case, may
consider it equitable, appropriate, and proper, to
allow to this old man this claim. I have no ob-
jection to it at all if they should doSo. I can only
say to the Senate, when it is done, it will have
been done without the authority of proof, and that
it ought not to be regarded as a precedent here-
after for other cases. If it is to be considered as
establishing a precedent for other cases before this
body, and wc are to pass claims that are not sus-
tained by proof, then it ought not to be passed.
It is entirely for the Senate to determine; and the
Committed on Public Lands^if I represent their
feelings and their opinions correctly, have no wish
to express themselves any further than this upon
the subject.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
EBEN S. HANSCOMB.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,pro-
ceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 225) for
the relief of Eben S. Hanscomb. It authorizes
Eben S. Hanscomb to enter the southeast quarter
of section sixteen, township twenty-eight north,
range twenty-four west, in the district of lands
subject to sale at Forest City, State of Minnesota,
upon the payment by him of the usual minimum
of §1 25 per acre; and directs the Commissioner
of the General Land Office to issue a patent on the
entry. The superintendent of public schools in
the State of Minnesota is authorized to select an
equal quantity of other lands in that State for the
use of public schools, in lieu of the lands granted
by this bill.
The Committee on Public Lands reported the
bill with an amendment, to insert at the end of the
first section: £
Provided, however, That no bona fide claim or right of
any other parties, or of the State of Minnesota, to said
laud, shall be in any wise prejudiced or aflected by the
terms of this act, until their assent shall have been first
obtained.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended;
and the amendment was concurred in, and ordered
to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a third
time. It was read the third time, and passed. x
CASSIUS M. CLAY.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
next proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No.
240) for the relief of Cassius M. Clay. The bill
directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to
Cassius M. Clay the sum of §1,599 79, in full for
property destroyed and lost m Mexico, and in
reimbursement of the amount of a judgment,
costs, and interest, recovered against him by one
Eliza Bowles, for trespass in executing a military
order of his superior officer, in 1846.
TheCommitteeon Claims reported th© bill with
an amendment, to strike out all after the enacting
clause, and insert:
That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he hereby is,
directed, out of any money in the Treaiuiy not otherwise
appropi lated, to pay to Cassius M. Clay the sum of §533 20,
forthe amount of a judgment, costs, and interest, recovered
against him by one Eliza Bowles, tor trespass in executing
a military older of his superior officer, m 1848, together
with interest from the 1st of October, 1848, the date ol pay-
ment of said judgment, costs, and interest.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended;
and the amendment was concurred in, and ordered
to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a third
time. It was read the third time, and passed.
JOHN B. EATON.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (H.
R. No. 371) for the relief of John B. Eaton, which
had been reported from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and Militia adversely.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
lie on the table with the adverse reports.
WILLIAM K. DE GROOT,
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the joint resolution (II. It.
No. 17) for the relief of William H. De Grroot.
In further execution of the joint resolution of the
3d of March, 1857, relative to the settlement of
the damages, losses, and liabilities incurred by
certain parties interested in the contract for fur-
nishing brick for the Washington aqueduct, the
