1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
787
Mr. MASON. I want to say a single word
upon that, in addition to what was said by the
Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Da%'is.] The Sen-
ator from Mississippi has placed it, as 1 under-
stood him, on the ground that it was a proper
compliment, and that it was due to the persons
who held those stations 
Mr. DAVIS. I did not say whether it was due
or not; but it has been paid to certain persons.
"Whether it shall be paid to others, is a question
to be disposed of when that comes up.
Mr. MASON. He placed it, as I understood,
very properly, on the ground of a courtesy—a
compliment paid to persons who held those posi-
tions. It has always struck me that there was a
degree of justice in conferring it, and, of course,
justice in leaving it, in this: those who have at-
tained the position of President, and the widows
of those who have attained the position of Presi-
dent, it is presumed, and, in truth, of necessity,
have had devolved on them a great deal of cor-
respondence that they would not have had but
for that very eminent position given them by the
American people; aifd after they cease to hold
the position, the burden remains, while the emolu-
ment is taken away. I think, therefore, it is but
right that it should be left to them. But I would
add, in a single word, although such are my very
strong opinions, I would agree to cut away the
whole, rather than lose the scheme.
Mr. BROWN. I certainly do not rise to op-
pose this amendment; and if it is to pass, 1 am
quite content that it shall be so. It is a very small
matter any way, and the idea suggested by my
colleague strikes me as being the only thing in it—
that we conferred a personal compliment by a
special act of the Legislature, and it would look
ungracious to take it away. That is a view
which did not occur to me before; but the argu-
ment of the Senator from Virginia does not strike
me at all, that because persons who have occupied
the high position of President of the United States,
and their widows, have theii correspondence
thereby increased, they should not pay postage.
That is an argument which would apply equally,
I apprehend, to Senators and Representatives.
We do not, it is true, obtain the same general and
universal acquaintance with the world; but every
man who sits in this body or the other House
has his acquaintance enlarged and his correspond-
ence necessarily extended thereby; and the argu-
ment, to S' >me extent, would apply to us all. If it
be the pleasure of the Senate, I say again, to make
ex-Presidents and their widows an exception, I
am content to have it done. I confess that the
suggestion that it would be ungracious, after hav-
ing done a complimentary act, to undo it, is all
there is in it: but still it is a very small matter,
and I do not suppose any ex-Presidents or their
widows care one sixpence whether you do it or
not.
Mr. GWIN. I do not believe there are more
than half a dozen persons on whom this privilege
has been conferred by special act. I hope it will
be retained.
Mr. ANTHONY. Does this apply to any
persons except Presidents and the widows of
Presidents?
Mr. BENJAMIN. That is all.
Mr. HAMLIN called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I hope gentlemen on the
other side will reflect a moment before insisting
on this amendment. It reilly seems to me that,
if they would reflect an instant, they would not
insist on it. I believe there arc four or five per-
sons who, uiid.gr the statutes of the United States,
are entitled, as a personal compliment, to the frank-
ing privilege. Among them is Mrs. Polk, of Ten-
nessee, the widow of an ex-President. That lady,
I believe, is the only one in the United States now
who will be entitled to the franking privilege under
the bill in its present shape. I know of no other.
It was conferred upon her by special law. It is
a compliment to her personally; and I would as
soon think of voting to ask an officer who had
distinguished himself upon the field of battle, to
return a sword of honor because we had concluded
for the future that we would offer no more such
compliments, as to ask that lady for the future to
abandon the privilege which th" Congress of the
United States conferred upon her as a compliment.
I am sure that the people of the United States
would reprobate any such legislation £  that. I
I do not think gentlemen on the other side will vote
I for it, when they know exactly what it is.
| Mr. CLARK. By the law' as it now stands,
I your President in power can frank. You propose
to take away from him that power, when he
i wants to use it now for his business, and leave it
( for those who have gone out of office. That is
what I understand. As I regard the franking
privilege, it is a benefit to my constituents, not to
me. You propose to sweep it away from my
constituents, who derive the benefit, and leave it4
as a comphmcnt^o others who occupy no official
station. T say let the benefit and compliment go
together, if either must go.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am in favor of striking
out the proviso, although 1 do not understand it
exactly as the Senator from New Hampshire
does. I think we had better get nd of this whole
free matter. It is hardly worth while to continue
the franking privilege to a single individual; but
I do not understand that ex-Presidents will have
the right to frank. The proviso reads, that
" This act shall not apply to anv peison or p^i.-ons to
whom the franking privilege may'liav.i been gianted hy
name." ^
The franking privilege is not gmntod by name
to ex-Presidents. It is granted to them as offi-
cers, as it is to members of Congress, and no ex-
President could frank if the proviso were adopted.
It would not apply to a single human being, I ap-
prehend, except it. be Mrs. Polk. I do not know
whether it is granted to her by name.
Mr. GWIN, and others. Yes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. So far as I know, that is
the only case, if if be one. I do not think it
would apply to ex-Presidents.
Mr. BENJAMIN. As the Senator from Illi-
nois wants to understand it, I will state simply
that the reason is this: m all other cases where
the franking privilege has brcn conferred, it has
been conferred on considerations of public policy,
as a proper means of cariying on the public busi-
ness. Four or five persons have had it conferred
on them by name as a comphmcnt, and for life.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Who are they >
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mrs. Polk, among the rest.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Who are the rest ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. One or two ex-Piflsidents;
Mr. Pierce, I think, among them. Mr. Van Bu-
ren is one.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I inquire whether it is
conferred upon the ex-Presidents by name. Is
there not a general law giving ex-Presidents the
right to frank ? I have before me the statutes, and
I find that a statute confers upon ex-Vice Presi-
dents the right to frankduring life, but this amend-
ment wo-i not save tlnir right, because it is not
conferred on ex-Vice Presidents by name. It is
only on the officers.
Air. BENJAMIN. The object is simply not
to withdraw a comphmcnt that has been conferred
on anybody by njame. I think that is what the
proviso claims to reach. That is all that any one
pretends to save fiom the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I should like to know
if there is a single case, other than that of Mrs.
Polk, if that be one, where the franking privilege
has been conferred by name r
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am told that there are one
or two other names. It is said Mr. Fillmore and
Mr. Tyler enjoy that privilege by name. I am
not certain; I have not looked; but whoever has
it by name ought to retain it.
Mr. NICHOLSON. I think the Senator from
Illinois is entirely correct. There is but one per-
son who, by name, enjoys the franking privilege,
and that is Mrs. Polk.
Mr. HAMLIN. If it be true that there is no
person to whom it applies by name, except Mrs.
Polk, I make no objection to that, if she is the
only person. With the consent of the Senate, I
will withdraw my motion to strike out the pro-
viso, for I have certainly no disposition to strike
at her, if she is the only one; but the reason stated
by the Senator from New Hampshire is certainly
a sound one. If you give it to the ex-Presidents,
vou certainly should not take it away from the
President for the time being.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By general con-
sent the proposition to strike out may be with-
drawn.
Mr. CAMERON. I object to its bijing with-
drawn, because, as I understand it, three or four
men will retain this privilege. Let us strike it all
out. If we do not, it will be the beginning of
other alterations in thr system. It will bo said
that, because st^nie gentleman, who was once Vice
President, receives matter through the mail free,
| therefore, somebody else should have the *atne
! privilege. I want to have it cleared out entirely.
| Let us begin the world anew on tins subject.
! Mr. CLARK. If this proviso does extend to
anybody but Mrs. Polk, let it'be stricken out. If
it does not, let her be named in the proviso, and
I shall vote for iu.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on striking out the proviso in, the amendment
reported by the committee.
Mr, MALLORY. I understood the Senator
from Maine to withdraw his amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection was
made to lus withdrawing it. The Secretary will
call the roll on striking out the proviso.
| The Secretary proceeded to cull the loil, and
concluded the call.
Mr. COLLAMER. I voted under a misap-
prehension. My present view is, that under the
proviso no person would rcoeive or send matter
by frank, by name, except Mrs. Polk, and there-
fore 1 vote " nay."
Mr. CAMERON. I did not understand that
no other person was allowed this privilege bylaw
except Mrs. Polk. I think the Senator from
Louisiana said there were three or four persons.
Air. BENJAMIN. I said that I was so in-
formed. I am not aware of any law expressly
granting this privilege to any one else; but I
say if there be, it would be most ungracious to
refuse it.
Mr. CAMERON. I should nob-vote against
continuing the privilege to Mrs. Polk, if that is
the only case. I will vote " nay," with the un-
derstanding that she is the only person who will
be entitled to the benefit of this proviso.
The result was announced—ayes 13, nays 40;
as follows:
YEAs?—Messrs. Binsluvn, Chandler, Clark, Foster,
Grimes, Hair, Hamlin, iiailan. King, Pugh, Seward, Sum-
nci, and Tiumbuil—13.
NAY??—Messrs. Anthony, Benjamin, Bigler, Bragg,
Brown, Cameron, Chesnut, Clay, Chnjimau, CoJlamer,
Crittenden, Davis, Dixon, Doolittlc, Durkee, Fitch, Fitz-
patrick, Foot, Green, Gwm, Hammond, Hemphill, IXunter,
John&on of Arkan as, Johnson of Tennessee, Kennedy,
Lane, Mallory, Ma^on, Nicholson, Pearcc, PowcH, Rice,
Saul-bury, Sebastian, Slid' ll/renEyckjToombajWigfall,
and Wilkinson—10
So the motion to strike out was not agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. Inasmuch as the amendments to
the original bill did not include this proviso, I pre-
fer having the vote on the substitute reported by
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads;
but 1 wish to add to it the additional section which
was incorporated in the original bill on the motion
of the Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. POWELL. 1 will offer this as an amend-
ment to the substitute: '
Jlnd he it further enacted. That this act shall take effect
from and after the 15th day of Apal, anno Domini 1860.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If no further
amendments be offered, either to the priginal bill
which is proposed to be stricken out, or to the
amendment reported by the committee, the ques-
tion now is on striking out all the original bill
after the enacting clause as it has been amended,
and inserting in lieu thereof the amendment re-
ported by the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, as amended.
The substitute, as amended, was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I should like to hear
the bill read as it now stands.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Be it enacted, Jj'c., That all laws by which any pei«onor
pSrvons are authorized to send or jeceivo any mailable
mattei fiee of postage, be. and the same aro hereby, re-
pealed : Provided, That tins act t-hall not apply to any per-
son or persons to whom the franking privilege may have
been gianted by name.
Sec. il. Jind he it further enacted, That this act shall
take effect from and atter the 15th day of April, A. D. 1880.
Mr. MASON. I was under the impression that
this bill, ill the various mutations it had under-
gone, contained a clause that nothing should pass,
free through the mails. I perceive, however,that
the franking privilege >rily is taken away.
Mr. POWELL. I would suggest to the Sena-
tor from Virginia, that the amendment proposed
