I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
f#§r
36tii Cong....1st Sess.
Sticcess of the Calhoun Revolutions—Mr. Ashley.
Ho. op Reps.
growth, strengthening with each other's strength,
and glorying in each other's grandeur.
Community of interest and social intercourse
are stronger to bind a people together than any
written constitutionorlegislativeenactment. Com-
mon welfare is the great regulator, propeller, and
lubricator of all governmental machinery; upon
it depends our Union and our greatness as a na-
tion.
I return my sincere thanks to the House forthe
kindness extended to me, in giving me audience
beyond the limited time.
SUCCESS OF TIIE CALHOUN REVOLUTION : THE
CONSTITUTION CHANGED AND SLAVERY NA-
TIONALIZED BY TIIE USUKPATIONS OF THE
SUflUSMJjJ COURT.
SPEECH OF HON. J. M. ASHLEY,
oir omo,
In tiie House of Representatives,
Maxj 29, 1860.
The Hou«e being in the Committee of the WhoJe on the
state of the Union—
Mr. ASHLEY said:
Mr. Chairman: Respect for legislative, execu-
tive, and judicial authority is a peculiar charac-
teristic of the constituency I have the honor to
represent. Indeed, respect for all constitutional
obligations, and for the laws passed m pursuance
of the Constitution, as well as for all authoritative
judicial decisions, may with propriety be said to
be a leading trait in the character of the American
people. Especially is this respect habitual with
the great body of the people of the free States.
Trained in the school of loyalty, taught to ven-
erate the teachings of the fathers, and guided in
their daily walk and in all their public and private
intercourse with their fellow-man by the stern
pnnciples of that wise Chnstian morality winch
has made New England at once the hope and
glory of our country, it could not be otherwise
than that the citizens educated witlun her juris-
diction, and the States founded by her wisdom
and enterprise, should be loyal to the Constitu-
tion and the Union. Asking for themselves noth-
ing that they would not concede to the humblest,
they make the community of interest identical,
and the loyalty of every inhabitant of the State a
necessity.
This &rand consummation has been practically
achieved in eighteen States of the American Union.
The system of government adopted by them, in
my judgment, is the best system known to man.
It is the best, because it rests upon labor, and is
created and controlled by the free and untrammeled
will of the laborer. It is the best, because expe-
rience has demonstrated that it is the only found-
ation upon whifih States and governments can
safeiy and securely rest. In such a government
the laborers must not only be free, but they must
be citizens; having rights which the government
and all classes of citizens are bound to respect and
defend—the poorest and humblest inhabitant be-
ing equal, befoi e the law, with the richest and
most powerful; sharing in its burdens, enjoying
its protection, and feeling individually responsible
for its good or bad management. This theory is
daily growing stronger and stronger among all
civilized nations, and 44 the world is beginning to
understand that injuring one class for the imme-
diate benefit of unothei, is ultimately injutious to
that other; and that, to secure prosperity to a
community, all interests must be consulted."
This truly republican idea of consulting the in-
terests and obeying the wishes and wants of the
people, was recently acquiesced in, to an extent
before unknown, by the leading Powers of Eu-
rope, when they recognized the right of the peo-
ple of the Roman States to declare, by ballot,
whether they desired separate governments, or a
united Italy, with Victor Emanuel as their chief.
The state of society necessary to form such gov-
ernments as we have in eighteen States of this
Union, can only be securcd whereun untrammeled
press and free speech are guarantied, and public
schools and a free church is secured to every in-
habitant in the Commonwealth. These institu-
tions the free States have, to an extent unknown
to any government or people on earth; and to
them, more than to any other cause, are they in-
debted for their unsurpassed development, and
for that prosperity and growth which have been
the wonder and admiration of the world. It is
impossible that such a people, living under such
government as is secured by the laws and consti-
tutions of the free States, no matter what their
former nationality may have been, should be
otherwise than loyal citizens, or that they should
be otherwise than the firmest defenders of the
principles which lie at the foundation of these
States, and the jealous guardians of that Consti-
tution and Union which our fathers ordained to
secure and perpetuate these blessings.
In fifteen States of the American Union, prac-
tically, the reverse of all this is true. The ex-
ceptions arc only in a few of the border counties
of slave States, adjoining the free States, and in
three or four cities whose commercial intercourse
is extensive in the North. In all these fifteen
slave States, a class is dominant which fills all the
offices, and controls the legislative, executive,
and judicial departments of the Government.
They do not pretend to be loyal to the national
Constitution, or obedient to the laws passed in
pursuance thereof, but claim that their first and
highest allogiancc is due to their several State
governments and their institution of human sla-
very. They care nothing for the Union, ex'cept
so far as it subserves their purposes of building
up and extending their peculiar institution, and
perpetuating their own political power. They
trample upon all treaties, compacts, and compro-
mises, if they stand in their way to universal do-
minion on this continent, and neither respect nor
obey any law or judicial decision that does not
sustain their imperious demands for special legis-
lation and protection.
Trained m the disunion school of Calhoun, they
reject not only the teachings of the fathers, but
the doctrines of that Christianity which enjoins
upon all, whether as individuals, communities,or
States, the duty of doing unto the least and weak-
est as they would that others should do unto them.
Hence in all the slave States the constitutional
rights of an American citizen are not respected;
the constitutional guarantee for free speech and
a free press is a mockery; free schools and an
enlightened Christianity an impossibility. The
laws to suppress the slave trade are openly disre-
garded; and violence and mob law reign supreme.
The laborers upon whose toil these States exist
are slaves; and have been declared not to be citi-
zens, though born upon the soil, but simply per-
sons with no moral, social, or natural rights, that
the dominant raee are bound to respect, if the mere
ipse dixit of the Supreme Court is to be regarded
as law. Their obedience and subjugation are se-
cured by enactments and usages the most barbar-
ous and tyrannical ever known to man. A reign
of terror secures the obedience and cooperation of
the poor whites: and because of this submission,
they are claimed as loyal friends of the institution
of slavery. But their loyalty is, in fact, a humil-
iating submission to the privileged class—a sub-
mission as abject in most of these fifteen States
as is the submission of the most spirit-humbled
slave. The guarantees of the national Constitu-
tion, so far as they affect the individual rights of
an American citizen, are denied alike to all men
who are not of this privileged class or their open
allies; and to be an American citizen secures no
protection from insult and outrage, unjust impris-
onment and terrible punishments, and even death.
So complete is this reign of terror that no man can
print, or speak, or preach, or pray, unless ho does it
in the manner prescribed by this privileged class.
These two forms of government and society are
the antipodes of each other, and cannot coexist
and peacefully endure. There must, of neces-
sity, bo serious conflicts and constant struggles
for the ascendency; and eventually the one must
give way to the other. There is, "then, an " trre-
pressible conflict," as the distinguished Senator
from New York has said, between the two forces
or forms of government and society; and it will
continue until freedom or slavery shall have com-
plete dominion m every department of the Gov-
ernment.
This privileged class, with Calhoun and his
political disciples, have had, with the exception j
of one or two short intervals, almost complete !
possession of every department of the national
Government-for the past twenty- years. Taking
advantage of the well-known loyalty 6f the peo-
ple of the free States to the -Constitution and the
Union, and their habitual respect for all laws and
decisions of the judicial department of the Federa3
and State governments, they have, by-threatening
to dissolve $e Union, and by appeals made in
the sacred name of Democracy, secured the coop-
eration and aid of thousands of patriotic citizen's
in the free States who are conscientiously opposed
to the institution of slavery. They have thus
been enabled to obtain and keep possession Jof
every department of the Government, and so
shape i ts legislative, execu tive, and judicial actiorf,
as to foster, build up, and extend this monstrous
wrong of human slavery, and make it a national,
instead of a State and local institution, if tbfe
Dree! Scott decision is to be taken and held, as j
the President and his party declare it is, the cor-
rect interpretation of the Constitution. •
I propose, Mr. Chairman, to show the House
and the country how one department of the Gov-
ernment has been taken possession of by this
frivileged class—I mean tne supreme judiciary.
propose to show that, while they have been
preaching concessions and compromises to us,
they have for years been secretly and cautiously
at work to obtain complete control of this import-
ant, as well as most dangerous, department of
the Federal Government. That this department
of the Government is dangerous, I think the his-
tory of its usurpations since its organization "will
show.
The opinions of some of the ablest men of the
Revolution—many of whom opposed the organi-
zation of this court with the powers granted t6
it, and predicted with singular foresight the dan-
gers to which the rights of citizens and'sovereign
States would be exposed if it was established—
have been more than realized. It had been well
for the present and future of our country if the
admonitions of those who opposed the organiza-
tion of this department of the Government with
its immense power had been regarded with more
favor. It were well even now for our fu turn peace if
the warnings of Jefferson, Mason, Henry, Frank-
Ii^Grayson, and other distinguished men, should
be heeded. But alas for freedom ! their admoni-
tions and warnings have not only been unheeded,'
but the scheme of a sectional and privileged class,
aided by northern Representatives, has been ac-
complished so far as securing complete control of
this department of the Government is concerned;
and they now demand of the party, whose every
movement they imperiously dictate, a change in
their action and tone towards this judicial depart-
ment. In compliance with this demand, we find the
party to-day, which for years £o vehemently de-
nounced the usurpations of this court and opposed
and disregarded its decisions, have come to regard
it, if the declaration of their Presidents and Repre-
sentatives end party conventions are to be cred-
ited, as the most "august tribunal" in the world
—a tribunal whose opinions are infallible, from
whose judgment there is no appeal, and before
whose decisions and political decrees citizens
and parties, and even sovereign States, are re-
quired to bow. On failure to acquiesce in this
claim of prerogative, the Representatives of sov-
ereign States are denounced on this floor by the
leaders of this privileged class as traitors to the
Government, and as perjurers, who have sworn
to support a Constitution they intend to violate.
And here let me ask what there is in this tri-
bunal, composed as it is of but nine men, that
should entitle it, as a political authority, to the
veneration and unquestioned obediencc claimed
for it by the present Administration party; any
more than to the same number of Senators and
Representatives that might with ease be selected
as gentlemen possessing at least equal, if not
superior, legal and natural abilities ? Is there any-
thing in the character of these judges, in their ser-
vices to the country, in their learning or qualifica-
tions as lawyers, that should entitle them to the
appellation of an " august tribunal?" Is it not a
fact, well known to every one, that so far from this
court being composed of men of superior abil-
ities, or the ablest lawyers in the country, a ma-
jority of them were partisans, and selected be-
cause of their partisanship when placed upon
the bench? It ia certainly a fact ftot unknown to
