788
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
was placed on the first section of the. original bill,
and this has been substituted for that.
Mr. MASON. 1 know that. •
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is now
open to further amendment.
Mr. MASON. I move to insert in the bill as it
now stands, after the word "repealed,"
And that hereafter nothing shall pass free by mail.
Mr. CAMERON. I propose to except from
that amendment the exchanges between newspa-
pers. ["Oh,no."] I can make the motion, I sup-
pose. ["Certainly."]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Virginia.
Mr. CAMERON. I propose to amend the
amendment by adding to it, "except exchanges
between the editors of newspapers.
Mr. COLLAMER. The present provision in
relation to newspapers, as near as I can recollect
it, is something like this: Newspapers sent regu-
larly from the office of publication, are sent to the
different subscribers for a quarter-—either paid in
advance or paid at the end of the-quarter, at the
post office, by thS person receiving them. They
pass, in one sense, free; that is, they are not ne-
cessarily prepaid by the quarter. Tim adoption
of the amendment proposed by the Senator from
"Virginia, it seems to me, would embarrass that.
Another thing: They now pass free, for thirty
miles, I think, or within the county within which
they are published. This would cut that oil". I
do not think either of these purposes was intended
by the honorable mover of this amendment. It
was intended, as I supposed, to cut off the man-
net in wliiclj the Congressional Globe passes
through the mail, by a general act. The Con-
gressional Globe passes free through the mails
now, without being franked.
Mr. MASON. It was aimed at that, because
I did not recollect that anything else did pass free;
but if anything does pass free 1 should De disposed
to aim at the whole, and let nothing go free.
Mr. COLLAMER. The exchanges between
publishers of newspapers also go free. These are
all I have now on my mind of free matter. The
amendment will cover all those cases, and will
create, as I think, very considerable embarrass-
ment unless it be in some measure modified, and
I have not time now to draw a proper amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Pennsylvania moves to amend the amend-
ment by inserting '1 except the exchanges between
the editors of newspapers."
Mr. SEWARD. I ask the honorable Senator
from Pennsylvania whether it will not answer his
purpose to enlarge his amendment and say, " ex-
cept newspapers which are left as now provided
by law."
Mr. CAMERON. I accept that amendment.
Mr. CLAY. I hope that amendment will not
prevail. .That would just achieve one of the most
objectfonable features of this privilege of the free
transmission of matter through the mails, which
is to centralize power in the great cities, and to
give an immense circulation to such papers as the
Herald and the Tribune, which I do not think do
much to improve the morals or the politics of the
country. The cffect of it would be, to destroy
all the local papers and to give increased power
to the papers m the great metropolis of the Union,
and I presume that is the object of the Senator
from New York in making the motion, and per-
haps the object of the Senator from Pennsylvania
in accepting it.
Mr. MASON. I think it would be better if
the Senator from Pennsylvania would restore his
amendment to the form in which he at first pro-
posed it, so as to affect only the exchanges be-
tween newspapers; because if it leaves ne ws papers
as they now stand by law, it will embiace the
Globe, which is the only newspaper now that
passes free of postage to everybody.
Mr. POGH. The Senator is mistaken. There
is a provision that a newspaper may circulate
within the county where it is published free of
postage. JNow, I am willing to retain that pro-
vision, because the fact is that it is an advantage
to the Department. Where the newspaper circu-
lates m its county, many postmasters act as agents
for it. Their compensation is small, audit is
really an encouragement to the local press, and it
does not injure the revenue. I am willing to re-„
tain that; but I am-not willing to except from the
general rule the exchanges of newspapers, for
they have frequently a cart load by the day. I
want the Senator from Pennsylvania to let us have
a separate vote on excepting newspapers from
postage within twenty miles of the office of pub-
lication.
Mr. JtlCE. The Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads have now under consideration
the matter of an entire revision of the postal laws,
and I think it would be better that no amendment
this kind should now be adopted; because, if
it be, it will certainly embarrass the committee in
the labors it has now undertakeh. When the bill
which the committee is about to report comes be-
fore the Senate, any of these amendments can be
offered and adopted if the Senate sees fit.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Let us adjourn.
Mr. RICE. I move that when the Senate ad-
journs, it adjourn to meet hereafter at twelve
o'clock.
Mr. MASON. The motion is out of order
now.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
Mr. GWIN. I hope not.
Mr. SLIDELL. I hope the motion will not
be agreed to. I have yielded, I think, with more
than proper facility 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I hope there will be no
debate on the question. The motion is not a de-
batable one.
Mr. SLIDELL. I would simply say to the
honorable Senator from Kentucky that there was
a very distinct understanding, I thought, assented
to by the Senate, that after this bill should be dis-
posed of, the bill for the regulation of the banks in
the District of Columbia should be taken up in-
formally, that it might remain as the unfinished
business of the day. I hope the Senator from
Kentucky, under these circumstances, will allow
us to finish this bill. I think we can dispose of
it very soon.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Chair
understand the Senator from Kentucky to with-
draw the motion to adjourn ?
Air. CRITTENDEN. Yes, sir; for the pur-
pose indicated by the Senator front Louisiana.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Minnesota moves that, when the Senate ad-
journs, it lie to meet hereafter at twelve o'clock.
Air. MASON. 1 object to that motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
being objected to, it cannot be entertained in this
stage. Tile question now is on the amendment
moved by the Senator from Pennsylvania to the
amendment of the Senator from Virginia to the
bill.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Then I renew my mo-
tion to adjourn. I suiTendered it only for the 1
purpose of allowing the Senator from Louisiana !
to have his lull taken up, in order that it might be !
made the special order for to-morrow. It is to 1
i get rid of any further action on this bill now, that
I make the motion to adjourn. !
Mr. GREEN called for the yeas and nays, and !
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 21, nays 35; as follows:
YEAri—Anthony, Bingham, Chandler, Clark,
Coll,liner, Onttnndt'ii, IHxun. Doolittie, Duikee, Fessen-
den, Foster, Grimes, Hale, flamhn, Km®, Simmons, Sum-
ner, Ten Ejck, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilkinson—31.
NAY'S—Messrs. Bavaid, Benjamin, J3ra«?, Biown, Cam-
eron, Chesnut, Clay, Clinsman, Davis, Fitch. Fitzpatriek,
Fool,Green,Gwin, Hammond, UaiIan, Hemphill. Hunter,
Iverson, Jolinson ot Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee. Ken-
nedy, Lane, Mallory, Mason, Nicholson, Powell, 'Pujrli,
Rice, Saulsbury, Sebastian, Sewaid, Slideil, Toombs, and
Wigfail—3o.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER.« The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania to the amendment of the Senator from
Virginia.
Mr. MASON. Under the assurance that this
measure will be provided for in the general Post
Office bill, and to avoid embarrassing this meas-
ure, I withdraw my amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
regard the amendment offered by the Senator from
Virginia as withdrawn, no objection being made;
and of course the amendment to the amendment
will fall with it. The question is on ordering the
bill to be engrossed and read a third time. &
Mr. TRUMBULL. I offer the following
amendment:
■Ani le it further enacted, That in addition to the name
and address of the person to whom any newspaper, period-
ical, or magazine, is sent by mail, the publisher thereof t-lial)
be allowed to write or print on the same the date to which
the f-ubsenption has been or shall bo paid, without tubject-
iug linn to the pajment of any additional postage.
The object of the amendment is simply this:
as the law now stands, newspaper publishers arc
authorized to send receipts for subscriptions with
their newspapers, and they are authorized to print
or write the name and address of the subscriber
upon the paper. A number of newspapers in this
country have adopted a plan of adding the date
to which the subscription for the paper has been
paid. It is a great accommodation both to the
person who receives the paper and to the publisher.
They have a little machine by which this is done,
and with which, I am told, a single individual can
direct two thousand papers in an hour. It is a
very gieat convemcnce. The Post Office Depart-
ment has decided that they have no light to affix
the date; that the printing in figures of the date
when the subscription expires subjects the news-
paper to letter postage. It is to obviate that dif-
ficulty that I otter this amendment. It defrauds
the Department m no respect, because the printer
may now write out a receipt, and send it with the
paper. It is a very great convenience to news-
paper publishers, and it is a great convenience to
subscribers to know when their subscriptions run
out. I presume every Senator has seen on some
of the newspapers he receives his name m print,
with the date to which his.subscription had been
paid. The object of this amendment, and all there
is in it, is simply to allow that date 10 be affixed.
When the matter was brought to the notice of the
Post Office Department, the Postmatpr General,
as I understand, considered thattechnically, under
the law as it stood, the publisher had no right to
affix this. I apprehend there can be no objection
to the amendment.
•Mr. GWIN. As it has been stated by the Sen-
ator from Minnesota that we are preparing a gen-
eral bill on this subject, we can provide for this
case there; and I would much prefer that the Sen-
ate should not amend this bill.
Mr. BIGLER. It belongs to a different branch
of the subject.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HALE. I do not know that I heard the
last remark of the Senator from California.
Mr. GWIN. I stated that we were preparing
in the Post Office Committee a general bill in re-
! gard to the postal system, and in that we can pro-
vide for questions such as have been presented in
the amendment of the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. HALE. I am on that committee, and I
was not aware of that fact.
I Mr. GWIN. The matter has been discussed
| in the committee. The Senator from Minnesota
: made the statement.
| Mr. HALE. It is news to me. I did not know
that any such subject liad been referred to th 
committee.
Mr. RICE. It was discussed at the last s<„-
sion, and has been also at this session; and one:
| member of the committee was requested, and vol-
' unteered, to look up the laws, and ascertain what
| amendments might be necessary.
j Mr. HALS. I desire to offer an amendment
I to this bill. I do not know what will be its lato,
but I offer the amendment:
Jln&heit further enacted, That all laws which pernet
mail matter to bo earned outride of the nr.ui, ley exprr-i-i 01
otherwise, be. and tile same aiu hereby, repealed.
Mr. GWIX. I h ave no objection to tl,.j.
Mr. HALE. 1 wish simply to state what the
object of the amendment is. We have certain
laws which require certain matter to be earned in
the mail for certain prices. We are now ab^lKh-
ing, as I understand, all special favors and privi-
leges, and commanding everybody* to pay postage.
There are certain exceptions made in the existing
laws by which certain things that go under the
description of mailable matter, and that ought to
be sent by mail, may be carried outside of the
mail, by express. I want to take away that ex-
ception and make the laws geneial. If we are
going to abolish the franking pi ivileur, !u us
abolish all these privileges, and do notgiv< tu one
class of people privileges that others do not have.
It is against the law to curry letters out.-uio the
mail; but there is ail exception in favor of j ertaln
newspapers, that they may be carried by cKpru^
Let us hqfre a clean thing of it.
The amendment was rejected.
