I860,]
APPENDIX TO THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Success of the Calhoun Revolution—Mr. Ashley.
Ho . of Reps.
"The districts of South Carolina and Georgia shall con
stitute the sixth circuit/'
It will be noticed that this law gave the North
and South each three judges and three circuits.
By the act of February 24, 1807, the Supreme
Court was made to consist of seven judges; and
the seventh circuit comprised the States of Ten-
nessee, Kentucky, and Ohio.
By act of 3d of March, 1837, two additional
judges and southern circuits were created, and the
district of Ohio detached from the circuit of Ken-
tucky and Tennessee, and the seventh circuit made
to consist of the States of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois,
and Michigan. In this act it was declared that
"the districts of Kentucky, Tennessee, and Mis-
souri, shall form, and be called, the eighth circuit;"
and " the districts of Alabama, Louisiana, Missis-
sippi, and Arkansas, shall form, and be called, the
ninth circuit."
By the creation of the eighth and ninth circuits,
the South, with less than half the population, and
not more than one fourth of the business in the
Supreme Court, obtained a majority of the judges.
Since the organization of the eighth and ninth
circuits, the fiee States of Iowa, Wisconsin, Cali-
fornia, Minnesota, and Oregon, have been admitted
into the Union; and although these States contain
a population,and have an amount of judicial busi-
ness equal at least to one third of those of the
entire fifteen slave States, they have not been
erected into or attached to judicial circuits, and
have no representative on the bench of the Su-
preme Court. The reason for refusing or neglect-
ing to place these States upon an equal footing
with the new southwestern States, whose popula-
tions are far less, will be manifest, I trust, before
I get through.
When Mr. Tyler, by the death of General
Harrison, became President, and betrayed the
party which circled him, by throwing himself
into the arms of the disunion wing of the Demo-
ciatic party, and placing Mr. Calhoun in the
office of Secretary of State, for the purpose of
acquiring Texas, a point was gained by this fac-
tion which they have not only never lost, but hav-
ing secured the control of the succeeding Admin-
istration of Mr. Polk, they have-advanced with
rapid strides from a small and once powerless mi-
nority, as they were when treated as General
Jackson treated them, until they have for years
completely controlled the Democratic organiza-
tion and changed its fundamental principles.
For the first time in the history of the Govern-
ment, under Mr. Tyler's administration, the opin-
ions of men selected for the Supreme Court on
the question of slavery were made a test of their
promotion to that exalted position. No man who
was known to entertain views hostile to the in-
terest and political opinions of the privileged class
represented by Mr. Calhoun could be nominated,
or if nominated, confirmed to a seat on the
bench of the Supreme Court. And two of the
present judges—Justice Daniel,* of Virginia, and
Justice Nelson, of New York—were selected by
Mr. Tyler, with the approval of Mr. Calhoun, be-
cause of their reputed fidelity to this class interest.
Having secured, by accident, the executive branch
of the Government, their next step was to obtain
and keep control of the Senate committees, espe-
cially the Judiciary Committee, to whom all nom-
inations for the Supreme Courtarc referred; and,
as a result of tins policy, the Judiciary Commit-
tee for the last twenty years lias been completely
in the hands of this faction. The following Sen-
ators were members of the Judiciary Committee
at the time of which I am speaking: Ashley of
Arkansas, chairman; Brecse of Illinois, Berrien
of Georgia, Westcott of Florida, and Webster
of Massachusetts They recommended the con-
firmation of Robert C. Gner, of Philadelphia,
and the rejection or withdrawal, by the President,
if not of each of the following names, at least of
such men as John M. Ilead, Edward Key, and
George W. Woodward, of Pennsylvania, who
were severally nominated and rejected or with-
drawn because of their known opposition to sla-
very, and their belief that Congress had the power,
under the Constitution, and that it was their duty
to abolish and prohibit slavery in all national Ter-
ritories.
During Mr. Fillmore's administration the Ju-
* Since deceased.
diciary Committee recommended the rejection or
postponement or withdrawal of the nomination
of E. A. Bradford, of Louisiana, one of the most
distinguished lawyers of that State, and also the
indefinite postponemcntof the nomination of Wil-
liam C. Micou of the same State, on the same day
the nomination was sent to the Senate. Mr. Micou
was at that time a law partner of Senator Benja-
min, of Louisiana, and a distinguished member
of the bar. This was disposing of a man sum-
marily. These nominations were made by Mr.
Fillmore, as was also the nomination of Hon.
George E. Badger, of North Carolina, whose
confirmation was refused and the consideration of
it postponed on the recommendation of this com-
mittee by a test vote of 26 to 25, simply because
he believed, with Henry Clay, that Congress had
the power to exclude slavery from the Territories.
So close was this vote, that the slave interest were
compelled to telegraph to Alabama for Senator
Fitzpatrick to come on and aid in his defeat by
postponing the consideration of the subject until
the inauguration of Mr. Pierce, who at that time
was elected. After Mr. Pierce came into office
he submitted the name of John A. Campbell, of
Alabama,and he was confirmed. This committee
were Butler of South Carolina, chairman; Downs
of Louisiana, Bradbury of Maine, Geyer of Mis-
souri, and Badger of North Carolina. It will
be observed that on this important committee but
one member was from the free States, and he a
supporter of the Administration.
How many of the hosf and most distinguished
men have been rejected during the past twenty
years, after having been nominated for seats on
the supreme bench, the public have no means of
determining, as the official action of the Senate is
locked up in its secret archives, into which the
people are never permitted to look by the leaders
of the Democracy, for fear of being called to an
account for their base betrayal of the interests and
wishes of their constituents. Many things have
been said and done in the secret sessions of the
United States Senate, which, if made public at the
4.ime, would have consigned the utterer to the
shades of private life, and the party to a hopeless
minority. This practice of holding secret sessions
of the Senate is a feature iirour system of govern-
ment for which I have no partiality, and for whieli
there is, in my judgment, no justification, except,
perhaps, when the country is engaged in a foreign
war, or discussing the proposed ratification of a
treaty. No business touching or affecting the in-
terest of the country at home should be done m
secret, and kept from the people. The following
are some of the names which 1 remember, although
there are doubtless more, of the persons who have
been nominated for places on the supreme bench,
and cither rejected or their names withdrawn:
John C. Spencer, of New York; Reuben Wal-
worth, for many years chancellor of the State of
New York; Edward Key, George W. Woodward,
and John M. Read, of Pennsylvania; £. A. Brad-
ford and William C. Micou, of Louisiana;George
E. Badger, of North Carolina, and otheis whose
names 1 cannot now recall.
And in the places of such distinguished jurists
and most worthy and learned citizens, we have
to-day, as the result and success of the Calhoun
conspiracy, Nelson of New York, Grierof Penn-
sylvania, Campbell of Alabama, Daniel of Vir-
ginia, and Clifford of Maine; some of whom cer-
tainly would never have been thought of for a
seat on the supreme bench, but for their loyalty
and devotion to the interest and wishes of the
slave power. To the political opinions of a court
thus constituted, the people of the United States
are called upon by the Presidcntand the so-called
Democratic party to bow in submission; and are
denounced as traitors to the Constitution and the
Union, unless they yield Op their political views,
and embrace those of a majority of this packed
and irresponsible tribunal.
If the neglect to organize the five free States I
have named into circuits, and give them repre-
sentatives on the bench, and the unfair manner in
which the present nine circuits arc constituted, in
order, as must be apparent to every one, to secure
a majority of the Supreme Court judges to the
South, is not,of itself, sufficient to satisfy any im-
partial mind of the covert designs of those who
control and dictate the policy of the Democratic
party, a glance at the population of one or two of
the judicial circuits, and the business before the
court, will satisfy the most skeptical that this ine-
quality is not the result of mere accident, but of a
deliberate,well-laid, persistently-pursued scheme.
Take the population of the ninth circuit, com-
posed of the JStatesof Arkansas andMississippi-,
and compare it with the seventh, Judge McLean's
circuit, which comprises the States of Ohio, Ju*-
diana, Illinois, and Michigan. The ninth circuity
Justice Daniel's, contains little, if any, over halt
a million of white inhabitants; while Justice Mc-
Lean's contains over six million. The -second
circuit, Justice Nelson's, composed of the States
of New York, Connecticut, and Vermont, con-
tains over five million freemen, while the fifth cir-
cuit, Justice Campbell's, composed of the States
of Louisiana and Alabama, has but little over a
million white inhabitants. :
But, if the inequality of population is great in <
these circuits, the inequality of labor and business
disposed of by each of the judges of these circuits
is far greater. I have taken the trouble, since I
have had the honor of a seat here, to examine
into this matter, and have obtained the following
accurate statement of the business of the five
southern circuits, and the circuit of Judge Mc-
Lean, from the 1st of January, 1856, to the 1st of
January, 1857, to which I invite the special at-
tention of the House, as demonstrating more
forcibly than any argument of mine, the deliber-
ate purpose of the representatives of the so-called
Democratic party to secure to this southern priv-
ileged class, who are but a small minority of the
people, the absolute control of this important and
dangerous department of the Government.
This statement will show the number of cases
on the docket, in five of the southern circuits, also
Judge McLean's circuit, on the 1st of January,
1856, and the number added during the year 1856,
the number tried and disposed of that year, and
the number remaining undisposed of, January 1,
1857.
Circuit9.
For the fourth circuit, com-
posed of the States of Dela-
ware, Maryland, and Vir-
ginia, Chief Justice Taney
. presiding, the leturns show
For the fifth circuit, composed
of the States of Louisiana
and Alabama, Judge Camp-
bell presiding, the returns
show   
For the sixth circuit, com-
posed of the States of Geor-
gia, South Carolina, and
Noitli Carolina, Judge
Wajne presiding, the re-
turns show 
For the eighth circuit, com-
posed of the States of Mis-
souri, Tennessee, and Ken-
tucky, Judge Catron pre-
siding, the returns show...
For the ninth circuit, com-
posed of the States of Arkan-
sas and Mississippi, Judge
Dame! presiding, the re-
turns show..... 
Total for five southern circuits,
For the seventh (Judge Mc-
Lean's) cueuit, composed
of the States of Ohio, In-
diana, Illinois, and Mich-
igan, the returns show more
business than all the five
southern circuits 
444
350
133
316
333
328
379
170
412
311
294
<8 W
Ef
© c.
317
111
257
210
1,576 ■ 1,423 J 1,721
1,481
2,037
1.279
1,738
It will be seen by this statement that Judge
McLean has more business in his single circuit
than all the five southern judges in their five
southern circuits; that the number of cases dock-
eted in the course of the year was greater; the
number disposed of greater; and the number re-
maining undisposed of on the 1st of January, 1857,
was greater.
