1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•789
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unanimous
consent, the bill can now be read the third time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I object to its third read-
ins: at this time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The third
reading of the bill being objected to, it must lie
over.
Mr. SLIDELL. Mr. President 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will state, if the Sena-
tor from Louisiana will allow me, why I object.
I have had no opportunity, until this bill came up
to-day, of looking into it and examining it, and I
have not been able to attend to the debate. I
wanted an adjournment for the purpose of allow-
ing me to examine it, but the majority chose to
say that we should not adjourn, and that the bill
should be forced through. Understanding that
one objection carries the bill over a day, I make
that objection.
Mr. PUGrH. Docs one objection carry the
third reading over ? I understand that a bill can-
not be read twicc in one day, but the first and
second readings of this bill were previous to its
reference to the committee. It was read twice
and referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, and reported back.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Th<r Chair
stands corrected. He was under an erroneous
impression that the bill had been read once to-
day. It having been read twice before, a single
objection does not carry it over.
The bill was read the third time.
Mr. SLIDELL. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill. „
Mr. FESSENDEN. Can the question be taken
on the third reading and passage of the bill on the
same day? [" Yes!"]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is noth-
ing in the rules to prevent it.
"Mr. HALE. Can the bill be passed unless it
has been engrossed? I know it used to be the rul-
ing of the late Vice President King that it could
not; and I have heard it mled a number of times
that, unless a bill is actually engrossed, it cannot
be read the third tim<?. It is ordered to be -en-
grossed, and road a third time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If there is any objection
that I can make, in any stage of proceeding, that
will carry the bill over until to-morrow, I desire
to make it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill having
been read twice before to-day, there is 110 rule to
interpose an objection to its beingread the third
time to-day, and finally passed. The bill having
been three times read, the question now is, " Shall
the bill pass r" and upon this the yeas and nays
arc demanded.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 54, nays 2; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Deniamin, Bialcr, Bingham,
Bragg, Brown, Cameron, Chandler, Cliesnut, Clark, Clay,
Clmgman, Collamer, Crittenden, Davis, Dixon, Doolmle,
Durkee, Fcspondcn, Fitch, Fitzpatriek, Foot, Foster,
Gieen. Grimes, Gwm, Hale. Ilamlin, Hammond, Harlan,
Hann, Hmitrr, Iverson, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of
Tennessee, Kennedy, King, Lane, Malloiy, Mason, Nichol-
son, Powell. Pugh, liico, riuulsbury, Sebastian, Seward,
Slidell, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Toombs, Trumbull, Wade,
and Wigtall— 54.
NAYri—Messrs. Hemphill and Wilkinson.
So the bill was passed.
STATUE OF WASHINGTON.
Mr. BROWN. I desire to introduce a resolu-
tion, and ask for its present consideration. I
think every Senator who will hear it will under-
stand its propriety:
Resolved, That aeommittee of three be appointed on the
part of the Senate to act in concert with such committee
a« maybe appointed on the part of the House of Represent-
ative:*, in making suitable arrangements for the inaugura-
tion of the equestrian statue of General Washington, on
the 22d Febiuary.
Mr'. FESSENDEN. I object to the present
consideration of the resolution.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection be-
ing made, the resolution must lie over.
BANK ISSUES IN THE DISTRICT OP COLUMBIA.
Mr. SLIDELL. I now move to take up the
bill for the regulation of bunks in the District of
Columbia, simply for the purpose of leaving it as
the unfinished business for to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 50) to prohibit the issue of
bank-notes by corporations, associations, or in-
dividuals, within the District of Columbia; and"
further to prevent the circulation of bank notes
by any incorporated company or association of
individuals beyond the limits of the District of
Columbia of a less denomination than twenty dol-
lars.
Mr. SLIDELL. I now move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
"Wednesday, Februartj 15, 1860.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. J. L. Elliott.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER presented the following ex-
ecutive communications; winch were referred as
indicated below:
A communication from the War Department,
transmitting, in pursuance of the act of May 1,
1820, a statement of the appropriations applicable
to the service of that Department for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1859; the amount drawn
from the Treasury by requisition during the same
period; the balance on the 1st of July, 1859; and
appropriations carried to the surplus fund; which,
on motion of Mr. Sherman, was referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered to
be printed.
'A communication from the War Department,
transmitting statements, exhibiting the contracts
made under the authority of the Department during
the year 1859; which, on motion of Mr. Stanton,
was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed
Testimony in the Michigan contested-election
case.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, this
testimony will be referred to the Committee of Elec-
tions.
Mr. FLORENCE. What disposition wasmade
of that communication ?
The SPEAKER. It was testimony taken in
the contested-election case from Michigan, and
\S?as referred to the Committee of Elections. If the
Committee of Elections desire it to be printed, it
will be ordered accordingly.
Mr. CAMPBELL. We do not desire any such
motion at this time. Wc merely want the papers
referred to our committee.
PERSONAL EXPLANATIONS.
Mr. ICILLINGER. Yesterday I voted for the
Senate amendment to the Post Office deficiency
bill, providing for the abolition of the franking
privilege. As now exercised, that privilege has
become_a great public evil, and leads to abuses of
a most "flagrant character. It costs the Govern-
ment immense sums of money, and is corrupting
and demoralizing in its influences. I was willing
to strain a point to obtain what I regard as a de-
sirable reform in this respect; and have no objec-
tion to vote for any measure of reform, even it it
comes before us in the somewhat irregular shape
of an amendment to a deficiency or appropriation
bill. I would not hesitate to vote a measure of
relief to the suffering industrial interests of my
State into an appropriation or deficiency bill, if
I saw no other mode of dbtainmg the consent of
the Senate to such relief. Such a contingency
may arise in the present Congress; and I had,
therefore, no hesitation on that score. It is a poor
rule that will not work both ways.
Eut it seems there is a clause attached to the
Senate amendment, the purport of which escaped
my attention, and which, as 1 have since yester-
day heard it construed, does not meet my ap-
proval. I did not hear the section read at the
Clerk's desk; and m the confusion which prevailed
; in the Hall at the time, I obtained an indistinct
impression of its import. I understand it is con-
strued to interfere with the free transmission of
our country newspapers through the mails. There
was nothing said on this point in the discussions
we heard yesterday; and I believe it was not the
intention of the Senate to embrace so sweeping a
change in the Post Office laws. But lest my vote
might be misapprehended, I take this early occa-
sion to say, in explanation of it, that I would not
knowingly vote for any such proposition; and I
certainly misapprehended the purport of the Senate
amendment yesterday, if such a meaning can be
imputed to it. I regard such a proposition as a
retrograde movement, a step backward, not at all
in keeping with liberal legislation and the progress
of the age. Rather than encumber the spread of
information among the masses by shackling the
mails, I would vote for increased facilities to the
circulation of our country newspapers. I -will
never consent to impose the tax upon knowledge
which a previous Congress wisely removed; and
therefore desire to enter my protest against any
such legislation. In my section of the country the
posCoffice sustains itself under present regulations;
and even if it did not, I would be unwilling to re-
turn to the former practice. It is more important,
in my opinion, that we should have free mails,
cheap postage, and unrestricted circulation for
country newspapers, than that wc should main-
tain armies, navies, and a diplomatic service. I
would vote for the abolition of the latter, before I
would embarrass or curtail the former.
' Mr. FLORENCE. I submitted yesterday a
question of the highest privilege, and I now ask
the consent of the House to make an explanation
of that matter. I labored under a misapprehen-
sion in relation to the construction of the law hf
the Superintendent of Public Printing. I find that
document to which I referred yesterday—the an-
nual report of the State Department on our for-
eign commercial relations—came here regularly,
and that the Superintendent of Public Printing
construed the order to print, made by the House,
properly under the law. I now merely submit a
resolution that the Committee on Printing be in-
structed to consider the propriety of printing live
thousand extra copies. That motion did not ac-
company the resolution yesterday, and itcan now
go to the Committee on Printing. The resolution
to refer the subject of printing the extra copies
was not considered at the time the document itself
was ordered to be printed by the House, and it i#
proper it should nowbe referred to, when there is
no objection. That is the course the rules of the
House require upon motions to print extra copies
of all documents referred to this House.
Mr. WINSLOW. I move that there be a call
of the House; and upon that I demand the yeas
and nays.
KENTUCKY CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE.
Mr. ADAMS, of Kentucky, by unanimous
consent, presented the response of Mr. Ander-
son, of Kentucky, to Mr. Chrisman, in the mat-
ter of the contested-election case from Kentucky,
which was referred to the Committee of Elections,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WINSLOW. I call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the election of a Public Printer. A preliminary
motion, that there be a call of the House, has
been made.
DELEGATE FROM JEFFERSON TERRITOBY, ETC.
Mr. ADAMS, of Kentucky. I hold in my
hand a petition of B. D. Williams, Delegate elect
from the Territory of Jefferson, together with the
memorial of the provisional government of that
Territory, asking that Mr. Williams shall be rec-
ognized as such Delegate. Also, a petition from
the said provisional government, requesting Con-
gress to pass an act authorizing them to frame a
State constitution preparatory to admission into
the Union as one of the sovereign States of the
same:
The petitions were severally referred to the
Committee on Territories, and ordered to be
printed.
MICHIGAN CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE.
Mr. FLORENCE. I desire to submit a mo-
tion in reference to the disposition of the evidence
in the Michigan contested-election case. A gen-
tleman who is upon the Committee of Elections
informs me that it is impossible for the committee
to consider those papers unless they are printed.
They cannot find time to read written testimony.
I move that that testimony be printed.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
the practice is to leave that matter to the Com-
mittee of Elections.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The committee can make
that motion at the proper .time.
