790
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
Mr. FLORENCE. Very well; I withdraw my
motion,
CALL OS" THb HOUSE.
Mr. WINSLOW. I no .v insist upon my mo-
tion being put.
Mr. SHERMAN. Thero is no objection to a
call of the House, and hence no necessity for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOARD. I call for tellers upon the yeas
'and nays.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has decided that
the yeas and nays were ordered, and the call
comes too late. The Clerk will call the roll oil
the motion " Shall there be a call of the House r"
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire to say that the
ordering of the yeas and nays is a violation of the
agreement made yesterday by both sides. We
agreed that after a call of the House, by which
gentlemen might have ail opportunity to get here,
we would go into an election for Public Printer.
Mr. WINSLOW. Ifgentlemen upon the other
side seriously think that my motion is a violation
of the agreement of yesterday, I will withdraw it
instantly. But I thought it was expressly under-
stood that we should have the preliminary mo-
tions.
Mr. BURNETT. I rise to a question of order.
The yeas and nays have been ordered on the mo-
tion that there be a call of the House, and no de-
bate is in order.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I was only making an
explanation, which 1 clearly had aright to make.
The question was then put; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 122, nays 54; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Green Adam*, Allen, Alley, Thomas L.
Anderson, Ashmore, Avery, Barksdale, Baireit, Beale,
Bingham, Bocoek, Botelcr, Bureh, Burnett, Burroughs,
Carter, John B. Clark, Clemen,', Clopton, Jolin Cochrane,
Colfax, Cooper, Cox, Burton Ctaige, Curry, Curtis, David-
son, John G. Davis, Reuben Davis, Dawes, De Jarneue,
DuelJ, Echnimdson, Edwards, Florence, Foster, Frank
Gartrel!,Gurley,Hamilton, J.Morrison Hams, Hatton JliH,
Hindman, Hoard, Houston, Howard, llutclnns, Jackson,
Jones, Keitt, Kiigore, Killinger, Kunkel, Landrum, James
M. Leach, Leake, Logan, Love, Charles 1). Martin, Eibcrt
S. Martin, IVIaynard, McClernand, IVIeKean, McKmaht,
McPlien-ori, McQueen,Miles, IWiIL-on, Myntsfomurj, Moor-
head, Ldward Joy Morris, f^aac N. Morris, Morse, Nelson
Niblack, Nixon, Noeil, Pendleton, Pettit, Peyton, Phelps,
Porter, Potter, Pryor, Quarles, Reagan, Reynolds,
Christopher Rohirnon, James C. Robinson, Runt, Schwartz,
Sherman, Sickles, William Smith, Spinner. Stallworth,
Stanton, Stevens, Stevenson, Stokes, Stout, Stratton, Tay-
lor, Thayer, Thenkei, Thorn-v-, Tompkins, Tram, Vaiian-
dighain, Vance, Vandever, Wade, Nrael Washburn. WelN,
Wilson, Wiudom, Wiusiow, Wood, Woodruff, and Wood-
tson—122.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams Aldrich, Babbitt,
Blake, Brayton, Brigg^, Brhtovv, Buffinton, nurlmffame,
Burnham, Butterfleld, Campbell, Carey, Case, Cobb, Conk-
hng,Coiwin, James Crate, Dunn, Gdserton, Ely, fitlieri(lffe,
Farnsworth, Penton, Ferry, Cooeh, Grow, Hale, Hardeman,
Helimek, Hnlman. llumolirey, -rv.ne, Juiikm, Francis W.
KeHow, Larrabee, De\\ itt C. Leach, Lee. Loomis, Lo\e-
30y, M'mvton, Laban T. Mooj •, MorriiJ, Palmer, ttovce
bedgvviek, Singleton, William N. 11. SmitJi, Spauidina!
J1!?.',0! VIV ,Wyck< vv ilton< Cadvvalader C. WasJiburn,
and LJIihu B. Wasbburne—o-i.
So a. call of the House was ordered.
During the call,
-- r,Mr- LOGAN stated that his colleague, Mr.
Fouke, had paired off with Mr. Delano for two
weeks from to-day.
Mr. McKEAN. I understood yesterday that
there was not to be a call of the House; but as I
nnu 1 was mistaken, I change my vote from " 110"
to "ay."
Mr. FLORENCE. It was understood by unan-
imous consent that there should be a vote at one
0 clock to-day; but the gentleman from Missouri
made a reservation of the .isuaj call of the House.
1 vote " no."
Mr. CLEMENS. For the reason's already
stated upon both sides, I vote m the affinitive.
Mr. SHERMAN. I regard this call for the
ycasand nays a violation of the understanding of
the House yesterday, and for that reason I voted
aga.nst a call of the Hous,; but for the. purpose of
cleaungaway any misapprehension upon the sub-
ject, I will now vote " ay." Yet I do understand,
and so do gentlemen upon this side of the House
that this motion for the y as and nays is a dila-
tory motion, and, as sucl , is in violation of the
understanding of the Hot so.
"ay^'NCE" 1 ChanSe my ™te fTOm
Tile result was then announced, as above re-
Corded.
The roll of the House was then called, when
the following members failed to answer to_ their
.names:
Messrs'. Adrain, William C. Anderson, Ashley. IJarr,
Blair, Brabson, Branch. Brown. flotaceF. Clark, Clark B.
Cochrane, Covode, Crawloid, Delano, Eliot, En:jli:-h, Flor-
ence, Fouke, French, Graham, Hail, John T. Hairis, Haw
kins, Hickman, Holmon, Hu?lics/Jenkin^, Wtlham Ke]-
lo??, Kenvon, Longnecker, Maclay, .Mailory, Ohn, Perry,
Poftle, Push, Rice, Scranlon, tfimm , ?ouie>, James A.
Stewart, William Stewart, Tappan, Underwood, Verreo,
Waldron, Webster, Whiteley, and Wright.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE stated that his col-
league, Mr. Clark, was paired off with Mr. Ken-
yon.
Mr. CAMPBELL stated that Mr. Hickman
was paired off with Mr. Whiteley; that Mr.
Stewart, of Pennsylvania, was paired off with
Mr. Stewart, of Maryland; thatMr. Blair was
paired off with Mr. Martin", of Ohio, upon all
questions relating to the election of a Printer for
the. House of Representatives; and that Mr. Scran-
ton was paired off with Mr. Stallworth.
Mr. McPHERSON stated that Mr. Long-
necker's pair still continued with Mr. Harris,
of Virginia.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, stated that Mr.
Somes was paired off with Mr. Hawkins.
Mr. HOARD stated that Mi> Pottle was
paired off with Mr. Crawford.
The names of the absentees having been noted,
by unanimous consent all further proceedings un-
der the call were dispensed with.
ELECTION OF PltlXTER.
The SPEAKER declared the first business in
order to be the election of Printer to the House of
Representatives for the Thirty-Sixth Congress.
Mr. WILSON. I move to postpone the elec-
tion of Printer till to-monow, at one o'clock.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is a spe-
cial order, and cannot be postponed.
Mr. WILSON. I call for the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The Chair considers the mo-
tion to postpone in order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. After the
election being made a special order, a postpone-
ment is, evidently, not 111 order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not under-
stand that there was any special older.
Mr. SHERMAN. l3y the resolution adopted
the other day by the House, it was made a special
order.
The SPEAKER. Tho Chair is of opinion that
the motion to postpone is in order.
Mr. BOCOCK. I want to make an inquiry of
tho gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] and
gentlemen on the other side. We have heard sev-
eral times this morning of an agreement that the
election of Printer was to come up to-day after a
call of the House. AVa.s that only an agreement
on one side ? °
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir; we all assented to
it, and will stand by it.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire to say that, by
tho unanimous consent of the House,ltwas agreed
yesterday that, after a call of the House to-day,
we would go into an election for Printer. There
was no objection to it on either side of the House
So far as I am concerned, I think we have delayed
long enough.
Mr. COLFAX. That was the agreement yes-
terday, and it ought to be lived up to in good
foith. ®
Mr. GROW. The election of Printer was
made a special order by unanimous consent of
the House.
! The yens and nays were not ordered. 1
| VVilso.y's motion was not agreed to.
I he tellers resumed their places.
. The House proceeded to vote the third time,
viva voct, for Printer of the House of Represent-
atives for the Thirty-Sixth Congress, with the
following result: Whole number of votes cast,
181; necessary to a choice, 91;' of which 
Mr. Defrees received  on
Mr. Gio.-«brenner   $q
Messrs. Gales &. Seatou  o
There was no election.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Defrees—Mc-srs. Aldrich, Alley, Babbitt, Beale
Bingham, Blake, Brayton, Buffinton, Burlmgame, Burn-
ham, Burroughs, Butterheld, Campbell, farcy, Carter
Case Col/ax, Conkling, Curt,„, II. Winter Davis Difw"
Duel!, Dunn, terton. Edwards, Ely, Farnsworth, Fei.ton!
Terry, Fester, Frank, Goocn,Grow, Gurjey, Hale Haskin
Helmiek, Hoard, Humphrey, Uutehins, Irvine,' Junkln,'
i Francis W. Kellogg, William Kpllofj*, KiJjrore, KillmstT,
'■ DeWitt C. L'^ieh^ Lee, Loomis L"ov< joy," Marion, Me-
j Keati, McKnij?lit, McPften-on, Mtllwaid, Moorbend. >Ior-
! rill, Edward Joy Mom1-, Morse, Nixon, Palmer, I\ uu,
f Potter, Potter, Oliu-iop!i(r Robinson, Rojce, Seiiuari/,
1 Sedgwick, Sherman, fpauJdmg, ^pirtnor, Steven*-,'J have),
I Tlicaker, Tompkin-, Train, Trimble, Vandevei, Va?i
| Wyck, Wade, Walton, Cachvalader C. Wai hburn. Eihhu
t H. Wa?lil)urne, Israel Wa^lihnin, Wcllts. Wibon, Wmdoin,
j Wood, Woodruff, and Mr. ^peakei.
| For Mr. Glossbrcnner— Mes<-r.-. Green Adam-?. Allen,
Thomas L. Anderson, Ashinore, Avory, Rarksdale/Barrett,
Bocoek, Honham, Roteler, Bouh^nv, Boyce, Bugg-;, Brw-
tow, Burch, Burnett, John 13. Ula'ik, (.'lenient, Clopton,
Cobb, John Cochrane, Cooper, Cox, Jame- CiMis, Currv,
Davidson, John G. Davis?, Reuben Davie, Do Jarnctte,
Edmundson,Flor<'nee, Garnett.Gartrell, Hamilton, Harde-
man, Hatton, Hill, Hmdman, Houston, Howard. Jackson,
Jenkins, Jones, Keirt, Kunkel, Lamar, Landtum, liana-
bee. James M. L.-aeh, Leake, Losan, Elbert 8. Mnn-n,
Maynaul, MeClernand, McQueen, MeRae, MiIe>,Mi!Non,
Mont^omerv, Laban T. Moore, Sydenham IVIoorc, Isaac .V.
Morris, Nel-on, Noell, Pondlnon, Peyton. Piielp-, Pr\or,
Q.uarle , Reagan, Jame> C. Robinson. Ruffin. Ru-t,
Siek^, Singleton, Wrilliam Smith, "William N\ II. Smith,
Stalhvoith, Stevenson, Stokes, Stout, Taj lor. Thoma>?
Vallandiifham, Vance, Web-tor, Window, and Woodson
For Messrs. Gales $ Scat on—Messrs. Lthendce and Gil-
mer.
During the vote,
Mr. VANCE said: I stated, oil a previous oc-
casion, that my colleague, Mr. Leacii, had paired
off with Mr. Ashley. I understand now that,
by mistake, Mr. Ashley was paired off with my
colleague, Mr. Oraige. I should like to know-
how that is. Of course Mr. Ashley ought not to
be paired with two.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has no knowledge
of any pair, and has no answer to give on that
subject.
Mr. VANCE. Is there not a record kept of
pairs ?
The SPEAKER. There is no such record.
Mr. LEACH, of Michigan. Mr. Ashley is
paired with Mr. Leach, of North Carolina.
Mr. LOVE, when his name was callcd, said:
I desire to soy, that my pair with Mr. Eliot con-
tinues for this day. After this day it expires.
Mr. MARTIN, of Ohio, stated that he waii
paired with Mr. Blair.
Mr. NIBLACK stated that he was paired with
Mr. Verree on the question of t3ie election of
Printer.
Mr. SCOTT stated that he had paired off with
jj Mr. Stanton; otherwise he should have voted for
; Air. GJossbrenner.
I Mr. COBB said: I am going to release mycol-
leaguc, Mr. Stallworth, from the obligation
imposed upon him yesterday. I felt it my duly,
after the circumstances that transpired yesterday,
to telegraph to Mr SeTravtox, informing him that
Mr. Stallwortii was here and wanted to vot^,
and that he would return by the 28th. I shall
i transfer that pair to-day to my colleague, Mr.
| Pugh, and to-morrow I wjll get a pair for Mr.
1 Scranton that will be satisfactory.
Air. FLORENCE. I do not like to interrupt
the taking of the vote, but I do object to gentle-
men going to the Clerk's desk where the tellers
are keeping the vote. It is not in order to do so.
I sincerely trust that it will not be necessary for
me to intervene again in that matter, for it is un-
pleasant to me. As I am governed by a convic-
tion of duty in all that I do upon the floor of the
House, I must make objection.
The SPEAKER directed that members, and
others not entitled to be there, should retire from
! the Clerk's d' sk.
| ^ Mr. FLORENCE. 1 object to pagey (Toingto
j tne Clerk's desk and communicating1 av ith tli«?
members. I do not want any information about
the vote, and trust gentlemen will observe the
rules.
Mr. STRATTON, when his name was called,
stated that lie had paired off oil the question of
Printer with Mr. Simms.
^ Mr. SCOTT. 1 rise to a personal explanation.
Some surprise has been expressed by my friends
on this side at my having paired off with Mr.
Stanton. I wish simply to state that Mr. Stan-
ton informed me that it was his intention to vote
for Mr. Defrees; and consequently 1 paired off
with him. " -
■^rA stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Harris, of Maryland.
Mr. FLORENCE. I insist on the point of
order which I submitted a moment o«-o.
