2754
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
that it, did not belong to him, but belonged to the
War Department.
Mr.-CLARK. I think the Senator from Mis-
sissippi refeired to a different resolution from that
to which I referred.
Mr. DAVIS. House resolution No. 17.
Mr. CLARK. I was referring to the resolu-
tion of March 3, 1857. The proviso of that res-
olution is:
- « Proinded, That the said parties first surrender to the
United States all the brick made, together withali the ma-
chinery and appliances and other personal propeity pre-
pared for executing tbe said contract."
This js the argument: under this resolution the
Government accepted De Groot as the contract-
ing party, taking his personal property and tak-
ing: his yard, and thus recognizing him as the
man; and after they had got his property they
refused to pay him. That is the point I make
under this resolution—not the resolution to which
the Senator refers. I say, haying taken his prop-
erty under the joint resolution of 1857, it was
nothing more than just and right that the Gov-
ernment should have recognized and paid him
under that resolution.
#Mr. MALLORY. I do not understand the
claim before us, and I do not suppose the Senate
does. This case was sent before the Committee
on Claims, as the Senator from New Hampshire
says, and there was, 1 think, thoroughly investi-
gated. I gave itall the attention then that I could,
and became satisfied that we could not decide the
case with justice either to the party or to the
United States; and after mature deliberation the
committee agreed to send it to the Court of Claims.
We desired that evidence might be taken. Law
points are raised here in the argument. The tes-
timony is very voluminous, filling a large box in
the Treasury Department, which, in the ordinary
course of business, we cannot investigate. Why
it should have been taken from the Court of
Claims and sent again to a committee, and to an
entirely new committee, the Committee on the
District of Columbia, I am at a loss to see. The
Senate is very thin now, and 1 cannot conceive
that any Senator here, from the argument he has
heard, can tell anything of the merits of the case;
and certainly he cannot tell what sum of money
is to be paid under the resolution.
The first part of the resolution has no reference
to the act of 1857, to which the honorable Senator
from New Hampshire alludes, but requires abso-
lutely that the sums of money expended by De
Groot shall first be paid to him; and in the sub-
sequent part of this resolution, No. 17 of the
House of Representatives, reference is made to
the resolution of 1857. But, sir, I suggest that
we have a Court of Claims to investigate claims
of this kind, and when their decision shall come
before us with their brief of the testimony, the
law points and the facts, we may decide the sub-
ject.
Mr. CLARK. The Senator will pardon me
while I state what are the facts in regard to the
case, in answer to the Senator from Florida. The
case was before the Committee on Claims at the
last session of Congress. It was examined by
■ them, but no report was made, I think. At this
session of Congress, the papers were referred to
the Senate Committee on Claims, but they were
also referred to the House Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia. The Senate Committee on
Claims reported the matter back to the Senate,
with a resolution that it be sent to the Court of
Claims. Thatresolution waspassed. Afterwards,
on my motion, that resolution was reconsidered;
and the claim staid here, kept here with the dis-
tinct understanding, on the ground and for the
reason that it was being examined in the House
of Representatives, till we might hear from the
House. The House went on and examined the
claim,came to a favorable conclusion upon it, re-
ported it, and passed this resolution. When it
came here, it was by the President, without any-
thing being said, referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia—I suppose because it had
been referred to the District Committee in the
House; and they make the report now. It never
had gone to the Court of Claims. The Senate
chose to let it be examined by the House; and
now it comes here, and has been examined by the
Committee on the District of Columbia; and the
memorialist asks to have his resolution passed.
Mr. BRAGG. It seems to me that, if we act
upon this matter now, we shall be acting very
much in the dark. I would remind Senators that
there is a much larger amount involved here than
appears from the mere outside of the case. This
difficulty, in some degree, seems to have grown
out of the action of the Secretary of the Treasury
upon the resolution of 1857, an extract from which
I find in the House report in this case, and which ;
is as follows:
" That the Secretary of the Treasury shall settle and ad-
just with ali the parties respectively, interested therein, on
principles of justice and equity"—
What? Why, sir—
"all damages,losses, and liabilities incurred or sustained
by said parties respectively, on account of their contractfor
manufacturing brick for the Washington aqueduct."
When the Secretary of the Treasury undertook
to adjust this matter, here were various parties;
here was the original contractor with the Govern-
ment for this brick; he having failed, then his
sureties claimed an interest in the matter; and
then Mr. De Groot, who succeeded them by virtue
of some assignment or arrangement with them.
The Secretary said, and he said very properly:
" Mr. De Groot, I cannot recognize you here;
Mechlin & Alexander are the legal parties to the
contract; they have succeeded the first party,and
been recognized by the Government, and I can
only acton their claim." The rase was acted on;
a large amount of money was allowed, of which
they paid over to De Groot some seven or eight
thousand dollars, as his share of it. The amount
is stated in the report a little less than- eight thou-
sand dollars. He was dissatisfied with that
amount; but he had no right to complain of the
Secretary of the Treasury; his complaint was
against those parties who had made the contract,
and who stood before the Governmentas the con-
tractors. It is a private matter between them.
Failing to get his redress out of them, he comes
to Congress, and asks—what ? To settle this
Shatter upon the basis prescribed in the resolution
( of 1857 ? Not at all; but to establish a new rule;
I to fix a rule by which, under the present resolu-
tion, the Secretary of War is to settle this matter,
and is left little or no discretion whatever. What
is that rule? It has, in part, been adverted to,
and very properly, by the honorable Senator from
Florida. In the first place, the Secretary of
War is " directed and required to settle the ac-
count of William H. De Groot on principles of
justice and equity." It does not stop there; but
it goes on as follows: "allowing to said De
Groot the amount of money actually expended by
him in and about the execution of the said con-
tract;" allowing him the whole sum that he has
expended, whether the contract was a good one
or not, whether he was likely to make money by
it or not. Whatever sum was expended upon
that contract, the Secretary of War is directed to
pay back to him. What amount is that ? I have
said that there was a much larger amount in-
volved in this resolution than appeared to the
Senate from aught that had been said here now.
What is the amount? According to this report—
for this is the only information we have upon the
subject, the report of the House committee—it
appears that the whole expenditures made by De
Groot were some sixty-seven thousand dollars,
of which he received from the persons whose con-
tracts he took the sum I have stated, and also a
further sum; leaving his expenditures, it is said,
$42,336 33. Under this resolution the Secretary
of War has no discretion whatever, but he is
bound to pay that amount.
Then, as to the other matter, about the breach
of contract by the Government, if there be any
breach in taking his property, (as I say they had
a right to do under the contract,) that is also to
be settled. I believe that that, in part, has already
been paid for, if not settled in the manner 1 have
stated, by the Secretary; but, at all events, this
resolution positively requires that $42,000, at least
—the amount may be larger, but it is reported
here at that sum—shall be paid. The original
amount is reported to be over sixty-seven thou-
sand dollars; and deducting the amounts he re-
ceived from these other parties—who are really
the legal contractors, for aught it appears to the
Government—the Government, under this reso-
lution, is bound to pay him that $42,000. Then
the Secretary of War is to go on and settle the
damages he lias sustained, and pay the value of
the profferty the Government took from him. In
the first place, you pay him for all the property;
you pay him for getting the brick-yard ready,
for he made a very large charge for that; and
then,after you have paid him all the expenses of
making the property, you pay him the value of
the property again, when the Government takes
it off his hands!
For one, I do not think we ought to pass this
resolution without knowing more about it. Itis
a departure from the resolution of 1857, which
only provided for the adjustment of the damages
sustained. This resolution undertakes to require
positively that, in the first place, all the money
expended by him in and about this contractshall
be returned, and then damages paid for stopping
the work; and the value, 1 suppose, of the prop-
erty taken by the Government also.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to amend the resolution
by striking out in the seventh line the word
"War," and inserting "the Treasury," and to
strike out from the word "money " in the tenth
line, to the word " as " in the thirteenth line, and
in the thirteenth and fourteenth lines to strikeout
the words "he was entitled to receive," and in
line thirteen after the word " damages," to insert
" to which he may be entitled by virtue of the
said joint resolution;" and in line twenty, after
the word "amount," tolnsert "heretofore," and
after the word " Government," to insert " on
same account," so that the resolutionwould then
read:
Resolved,$c., That in further execution of the jointres-
olution of the 3d of March, 1857, relating to the settlement
of the damages, losses, and liabilities incurred by certain
parties interested in the contract for furnishing brick for
the Washington aqueduct, the Secretary of the Treasury
be, and he hereby is, directed and required tosettle the ac-
count of YVilharn H. De Groot on principles of justice and
equity , allowing to the said De Groot the amount ot money
to which he may be entitled by virtue of the said joint les-
olution; the amount so found to benue to the said De Groot
to be paid to him out of the fund named in said joint res-
olution, or if that has been diverted to other purposes, out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated :
Provided, koivcvcr, That theie shall be deducted iiom the
losses, liabilities, and damages found due to him, the
amount heretofore paid by the Government on same ac-
count.
Mr. HAMLIN. This is a House joint reso-
lution; it has already passed the House. 1 think
it is well and carefully drawn; and I hope that no
amendment will be adopted to it, but that we shall
pass it or rcjcct it as it stands. I hope the first
amendment of the Senator from Mississippi,
changing it from the War back to the Treasury
Department, will not obtain; because I think the
War Department is the appropriate Department,
as 1 have already said. The other amendments
would make the resolution precisely like the res-
olution of 1857, under which Mr. De Groot would
be again technically excluded.
Mr. BROWN. I do not mean to enter into this
discussion at all; nor would I say a woid about
the question but for the fact that this joint reso-
lution was referred to a committee of wluch I am
a member. In that committee we considered it,
as we thought, with all proper care, and were
unanimously of opinion that it ought to be adopt-
ed. There was no intentional disrespect to the
Secretary of the Treasury in transferring- this mat-
ter back again lo the War Department. We
'thought, as I certainly think yet, that it was an
error in Congress to require the Secretary of the
Treasury to audit these accounts. The contracts
were made with the War Department, and the
Secretary of War would seem to be the most
proper person to have them audited. The whole
thing, we thought, ought to be kept in his Depart-
ment. We supposed, as I still think, that it was
a blunder of Congress to transfer the matter tem-
porarily to the Secretary of the Treasury. No
disrespect, I am sure, on the part of any member
of the committee, was designed towards the Sec-
retary of the Treasury in proposing to send the
matter back where it belonged. We thought this
man De Groot, of whom I know nothing, had
been badly treated; that the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, under a very technical construction of the
resolution of 1857, had not chosen to treat him as
a contractor because he was an assignee, and
therefore had refused to do him that justice which
he would have done him if he had been one of the
original contracting parties. We thought that
was playing it rather fine on him; and we regard-
ed this resolution as simply designed to protect
him as an original contractor, if he had been so.
I have listened to the debate, and have seen noth-
