I860.]
36th Cojvg....1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Success of the Calhoun Revolution—Mr. Ashley.
Ho. of Reps-. ,
very, by virtue of the Constitution, not only ex-
isted in all the Territories of the Union, but that
it existed in Kansas as completely as in Geor-
gia or South Carolina;5' and he adds, in his last
annual message, to complete the record and sus-
tain, iu advance, the probable forthcoming decis-
ion of the Supreme Court in this second Dred
Scott case, to which I have alluded,, "thatneither
Congress nor the Territorial Legislature, nor any
hurnan power, has any authority to annul or im-
pair this vested right/'claiming that the Supreme
Court has finally established the right of every
citizen to «' take his slave property into the Ter-
ritories and have it protected there under the Con-
stitution." He would thus irrevocably fix the
status of all national Territories as slave Terri-
tories, and deprive the people of the power to
alter or change it; and as if to extinguish the last
vestige of " popular sovereignty," the President
declares that, if it<( had been decided that either
Congress or a Territorial Legislature possessed
the power to impair this rightof property in slaves,
the evil would have been intolerable/' He claims
that the Supreme Court have the power, and
should protect this class interest against the will
of the people; and that Congress, if necessary,
" must strengthen their hands by further legisla-
tion." Comment 011 such apolitical record is un-
necessary.
During the presidential contest of 1856, the Su-
preme Court and slave power held their breath,
and only breathed freely again after the smoke
of the battle had cleared away, and they found
that they had secured another four years'lease
of power by the election of Mr. Buchanan. That
result could only have happened then, and can
only be repeated now, by the folly and division
of their opponents, who were then, and are to-
day, a large majority of the people.
About the time of the inauguration of Mr.
Buchanan, the Dred Scott case was reargued, as
ordered, and the court were now prepared to take
the.course so long and cautiously contemplated;
when all the precedents of this tribunal, even then-
own decisions, and the adjudications of such men
as Jay and Story and Marshall were to be over-
ruled, and the doctrine officially proclaimed to the
world that the Constitution of the United States
recognized property in man.
In order that the nation might be prepared to
submit to almost any new aggression of the slave
power, the leaders of this class interest, who ;
always rule with an unrelenting despotism, saw i
to it that the outgoing President of the United
States should prepare the party, and especially
all the hungry swarm of applicants for official
favor under the incoming Administration, to de-
fend,in advance,thedecisionoftheSupremeCourt,
whatever it might be.
In accordance with this cunningly-devised pro-
gramme, President Pieice, in his last annual mes-
sage, claimed that the people, in the election of j
Mr. Buchanan, (although all knew he waselected |
by a minority of the votes,) indorsed the Kansas- j
Nebraska act; and apprised them of the fact that :
this Dred Scottdecision,although not at that time j
officially announced from the bench, had been j
agreed upon, and that the court " had finally de- j
termined this point [to wit: that Congress had 110 i
power to exclude slavery from States or Territo-
ries] in every form under which the question could
arise." He thus advised,in advance,all the aspir-
ants and politicians of the country, who desired
favors or promotion at the hands of the slave power,
under the incoming administration of Mr, Buch-
anan, of the course necessary for them to pursue
in order the more effectually to secure a recognition
of their claims. The following extract from the
message referred to, though expressed in ambig-
uous and carefully selected language, applies to,
and was intended to apply to, the Dred Scott case.
The use of the words, k' in a long scries of decis-
ions," was intended to mislead and deceive the
masses of the people, for the court had never es-
tablished any such doctrine as claimed by "a
long series of decisions," but had uniformly de-
cided directly the reverse, so far as regards the
power of Congress to exclude slavery from the
Territories. It will also be noticed that the man-
ner in which the author of this part of the mes-
sage (whom Colonel Benton alleges was Caleb
Gushing, then Attorney General) coupled the
New Sekies—No, 24.
terms "private rights," " navigation," "reli-
gion," and " servitude." What rights of" reli-
gion" were affected and secured by this decision
has not transpired. The President says:
" Thereupon this enactment [the Missouri compiomise]
ceased to have binding virtue m any sen&e, whether as
respects the North or the South, [because the North would
not agree to extend it to the Pacific,] and so 111 effect it was
treated on the occasion of the admission of the State of
California, and the organisation of the Territories of New
Mexico, Utah, and Washington.
" Such was the state of the question when the time ar-
rived for the organization ot the Territoues of Kansas and
Nebia<ka. la the progress of constitutional inquiry and
leriection. it had now at length come to be seencleail> that
Congress does not poises?, constitutional power to impose
restuctions of this character [the exclusion of slavery!
upon any piesent or future State of the Union. In a long
series of decisions, on the fullest argument, and after the
most deliberate consideration, the Supieme Couit of the
United States had finally deteimincd this* point, in every
foirn in which tiie question could aiise, whether affect-
ing public or private right* 111 questions of public domain,
ot religion, 01 navigation, and of servitude."
Colonel Benton characterizes, and very justly,
too, that part of the message from which the above
extract is taken, as follows:
u The last*ammal message of Mr. Pieice was the last
opportunity for this defensive pleading, (declaring the Mis-
feouii compioini&e unconstitutional, and sustaining the
eouit,) and being the last, it was carefully seized on and
vigorously unproved to the best advantage* The message
was big with it. It was a large plea and a hold one, and
conspicuous!; presented. In quantity it filled eleven octavo
pages, (leaving but .seventeen for all the nppiopridte sub-
ject which belong vto that official papf';) in boldness it
inaugurated a new era in our presidential messages*—the
era of historical Unification in these high paper*, hereto-
foie considered the sacred leeeptaele of veracious histoij ;
in conspieuitv, being thrust in fiontof the message, instead
of being relegated to its fag-end, where such low niaiter
should go, if, indeed, allowed to outer a message at all,
winch it never was heioie. Veracious histoty mustii'huko
thLs fir->t attempt to make the presidential annual mes-'age
a vehicle ot historical Unification ; and the woik i  easily
done, all the fact-* necessary to the correction ot the falla-
cious statements being of recoid in the debates and Jour-
nals ol Congiess, and othei authentic public evidence."
Mr. Buchanan, in his inaugural address, re-
ferred to the forthcoming decision m the JL)red
Scott ease; and with apparently great regard for
this "august tribunal," which, in former years,
and before it was regarded as partisan, he and
the whole Democratic party had denounced as an
unsafe depository of power, he says:
" To their decision, in common with alt good citizens, I
shall chficifuljy submit, whatever this may be."
In reference to the differences of opinion that
had arisen as to the point of time when the peo-
ple of a Territory should have power to exclude
slavery, he says:
" This is happily a matter of hut little practical import-
ance. Besides, it is a judicial question*'—
When, 01* why, or on whose authority, this be-
came a judicial question, he does not inform the
country—
" which legitimately belong? to the Supreme Court of the
United Slates, before whom it is now pending, and will,
it 1* underwood, be speedily and finally settled. To their
decision, in common with all good citizens, I shall eheei-
fulJy submit, whatevei thi-> may be "
These declarations of the out-going and in-com-
ing Presidents simply meant th.u the politicians
and applicants for official favor should not only
indorse this decision themselves, but that they
should prepare the minds of the people, so far
as possible, but especially the party, tor one of
the most startling decisions ever announced by
any judicial tribunal in the world; and so success-
fully did this well-laid plot wotk that partisans
and place-hunteis in many of the free Stairs suc-
ceeded in having the decision of this court in-
dorsed by their party conventions, with apparent
enthusiasm, immediately after its delivery. If
there had not been something unusual and alarm- U
mg at the bottom of this forthcoming decision of jj
the Supreme Court in a case which only involved
the title to an old superanuated black man, whose |j
value was not §100 in any slave market in the i!
world, and who, I believe, died within a year after jj
this decision was made, would there have been ;i
any such anxiety about this case as was mani-
fested by the slave power? Can any gentleman j<
on the Administration side of the House ans-wer j!
the question ? No, sir, they cannot; and it will not ji
be attempted. This court had decided cases time 1!
and again involving the title to millions of prop- j:
erty, and yet no President and no party conven- |j
lions, or party press, ever in advance called upon !
or appealed to the litigants, much less £ p$\'iy or |j
the people at large, to submit-to a, forthcoming
decision of this tribunal.
After all this skillful preparation, there comes
the long delayed decision of the court, which
substantially declared that as black men had no
natural or political rights, and were not citizens,
they could not maintain a suit for their free-
dom, or have a hearing for any purpose in the
courts of the United States. HaxI tfte court
stopped right here, and contented' themselves •
simply with deciding all the point there-was in
the case, as I understand it, there would have, been
no such extraordinary effort on the part of the '
slave power, through the official influence and
patronage of two Presidents, to induce the party
and people of the northern States to submit to this
decision. For though I regard the declaration of
the court—that a black man, the descendant of
Africans, who were stolen from Africa and en-
slaved by pirates, has no claims either to a hear-
ing, or protection to life and liberty, from this de-
partment of the Government—as monstrous, and
contrary to the spirit and genius of our institu-
tions, which should protect and defend the rights
of every human being, however humble, within
our jurisdiction, yet, I say, if this had been all of
the case, and the court had not traveled out of the
record in its attempt to get hold of, and pass upon,
political questions which were not, and could not,
properly be before it, there would have been no
anxiety or alarm on the part of the slave power
as to the probability of the great mass of the
people, especially their northern allies, submitting
to said decision.
On this point, the late Colonel Benton, in his
examination of the Dred Scott case (page 5) justly
remarks:
"The court, in repulsing jurisdiction of the original case,
and dismissing it for the want ot the right to try it, [after
dismissing it.] iound gieat difficulty in getting at its merits
—at the merits of the dismissed ca*e itself; and certainly,
still gieater difficulty in getting at the merits of two great
political questions which lie so far beyond it. The court
evidently felt this difficulty, and worked sedulously to avoid
it—sedulously at building a bridge long and slender, upon
which a majority of these judges crossed the wide and
deep gulf which separated the personal rights of DredScotfc
and Ins family from the political institutions and the polit-
ical rights of the whole body of the American people."
Mr. Justice Wayne, in constructing one of the
spans of this shaky and unsubstantial judicial
bridge, on which a majority of the court crossed
the deep gulf referred to by Colonel Benton, as-
signed as a reason for traveling out of the record
and passing upon the constitutionality of the Mis-
souri compromise, its necessity in order to give
peace to the country. He said:
*' The case involves private rights of great value, and
constitutional principles of the highest importance, about
which there had become such a difference of opinion, that
t^e peace and harmony of the country required the settle-
ment of them by judicial decision."
From whence the Supreme Court derived their
authority to settle political questions, in order, as
Mr. Justice Wayne says, to secure upeace, and har-
mony" between contending political parties, nei-
ther he, nor cither of the judges concurringin this
opinion, has seen proper to inform the public.
When the court thus traveled out of the record,
and assumed to pass upon the power of Congress
and the Territorial Legislature to prohibit and ex-
clude slavery in the Territories of the nation, and
declare,as itdidinthtscase, that neither Congress
nor a Territorial Legislature possessed the power,
notwithstanding the uniform practice of the Gov-
et nment for seventy years had been to exclude and
prohibit slavery by congressionalenactment, there
was fear, and just cause for fear, on the part of
the slave power,thePresident,and the courtitself,
that the people would not submit to a decision
that virtually changed their Constitution. Hence
the great anxiety of the privileged class—for
whoso sole benefit this decision was made—to se-
cure acquicscence in and indorsement by the peo-
ple of this usurpation of the Supreme Court.
To secure this, the first necessary step was to
compel the President to proscribe all the leading
men in the party, and all applicants for office, who
did not submit to, and accept with alacrity, the
decision of the court as " final," These were re-
quired to join the Government in the use of all
the power and patronage at its command, and the
unscrupulous use of all party appliances, to secure
the most unqualified indorsement of this decision
v7
