1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
791
The SPEAKER. Objection is made to the
presence of men'bere dt the Gleik's desk. They
v/J 1 ] please retire.
llr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I voted
under a misapprehension. When I left the city,
a v.'Cck I was not able; to effect a pair; bul I
left the matter in the hands of Mr. Winslow. He
effected a pair for me, and told me that my pair
expired this morning; but, on consultation with
the gentleman with whom the pair was made, I
am informed that it does not expire till next week.
I therefore ask leave to withdraw my vote.
The vote was withdrawn.
Mr. VANCE. I um authorized to say that the
pair between my colleague, Mr. Leach, and Mr.
Ashley, has been so arranged as that Mr. Ash-
ley's pair is transferred to Mr. Wright, of Ten-
nessee, both being absent, and my colleague being
present.
Mr. LEACH, of North Carolina, thereupon
voted.
Mr. FLORENCE. I shall exercise my privi-
lege, and call gentlemen by name the next time
they go to the Clerk's desk.
The result of the vote was announced, as above.
The SPEAKER. The House will proceed to
another vote for Printer.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is some misunder-
standing on this side of the House about Mr.
Ashley's pair. I would like to know what au-
thority there was for the transfer of that pair to
Mr. Wright—whether it was done by consent,
or how ?
Mr. AVERY. ] understood that my colleague,
Mr. Wright, was paired off with Mr. Somes.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. So I under-
stood.
Mr. LEACH, of Michigan. Mr. Asiilet and
myself board at the same place, and consequently
when he was leaving the city he left his pair in
my charge, find requested me to say that he was
paired withMr. Leach, of North Carolina; which
1 did. 1 knew of no transfer, and have author-
ized none.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 am now informed that
Mr. Wright is paired off with Mr. Somes. It is
evident there is some misunderstanding, and I
trust gentlemen will rectify it.
Mi. LEACH, of North Carolina. Under the
circumstances, and supposing that the transfer
has been improperly made, I ask leave to with-
draw my vote.
Mr. PHELPS. It is too late now. It would
not affect the result. Let the roll be called again.
Mr. VANCE. In justification of myself, I
wish to state that the transfer of the pair was made
with the consent of Mr. Buffinton. I do not
know whether he had authority in the matter.
Mr. HOUSTON. At all events, it does not
affect the lesult.
Mr. SHERMAN. It docs not; but I trust the
mistake will be rectified.
Mr. VANCE. If the responsibility rests on
any one, it certainly rests on the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Buffinton.} I was author-
ize d to make the announcement to the House in
order that my colleague might vote. " That is all
i know about it.
The House proceeded to vote the fourth time
t'irn voce for Printer of the House of Represent-
atives for the Thirty-Sixth Congress, with the
followingresult: Whole number of votes cast 180;
necessary to a choice 91; of which—
,Mi. D<>free? leceived ^ 90
I\Ii Glos^breuner it 89
Mcssi?.. Gaics & Scaton  1
There was no election.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Dc/rces—Messis. Alduch, Alley, Babbitt, Ucale,
Bingham, Lil-ike, Brnyton, Buffinton, Builmgame, Burn-
ham, liurrnu2h<, Buttei field, Campbell, Carey, Carter,
Cas.o, Coliax, Conkhng, Curtis, H. Winter Davis, Dawes,
Du/Jl, Dunn, Edgeiton", Edward^Ely, Pdin&woitb, denton,
Fcuy, FcMtPi,Fiank,Gooeh,G:o\v.Gu l,>y, Hale, Haskin,
Hehnxk, Hoard. Ilump'm'v, Hutching Iivine, Junkm,
Franci- W. Keliogsr, William Kelloprpr, Kilgore, Ktllinger,
DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, Looini-, Lovejoy, Marston. Mc
Kean. McKmght. McFhni^on, Miliward, Moorhead, Moi
nil, Edvv.tidJo} Moins,Moi>c, Nixon, Palmer, Pettit, Por-
ter, Pottei, Clnistoplior Itobm-ou, Koyee, Schwartz,Sedg-
wick, Sheiman, Spauldtn<*. Spinner, Stevens, Thayer,
Theaker,Tompkins,1Tram,Timible, Vand"ver,Van W\ck,
Wade, Walton, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Elhhu B. YVash-
burne, Israel WaMihurn. Wells. Wibon, Windom, Wood,
Woodiiift', and Mi- Speaker.
2'0r Mr. Glosskrenner—Messrs. Green . Adams Allen,
Thomas L And'-*r-^ou. A«lnuoie, Avery, Barkndale, Barrett,
Rocock* Dunham* Botelor, Uoutiguy* Bovce, J3rig§s, Bris-
tovv, Burch, Burnett, John B. Clark. Clemens, Clopton,
Cnbb, John Cocinan.?, Coopei, Cox, James Craig. Curi>,
David-on, John G. Davis, Reuben Davis. De Jainette, Ed-
muntUnn. FiouMjee, Garnett. Gaitreil, Gilmer, Hamilton,
Hardeman, Ilatton. Hill, iJmdmau. Hou-ton, Howaid,
Jack-on, Jenkms, Jone<. K"itt, KunkeS.Lamar, Landrum,
Lariabee, L"ake, Logan. Elbert f?. Martin, Maynard. Mc-
demand, McQueen, MeRae, Mile-, Million, Montgomery,
Laban T. Mooie, Sydenham Mooie. Isaac N. Mori >«>, Nel-
son, Noell, Pendleton, Peyton. Phelps Piyor, Quailes,
Reagan, Rigg«, James C. Itobm-on. Ruffin, Rust, Sickles,
Singleton, William Smith, William N. H. Smith, Stall-
worth, Stevenson, Stokes, Stout, Tayloi, Thomas?, Vallan-
digham, Vance, Webster, Wuislovv, and Woodson.
For Messrs. Gales $ Seatoii—Mr. Etheridge.
The SPEAKER. The House will now pro-
ceed to ano^er vote for Printer.
Mr. BOUXIGNY, (at two o'clock, p. m.) I
move that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. RCJFFIN. I call for the yeas and nays on
that motion.
Mr. CLEMENS. I ask for tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I believe there was
a spccial order set for one o'clock.
Mr. KEITT. What is that?
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. The call of the
States for the introduction of bills and resolutions.
The hour of one o'clock having arrived and passed
by, 1 call for the execution of the special order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would inform the
gentleman from Illinois that a motion to recon-
sider the resolution making that order has been
entered.
Mr. FLORENCE. My colleague [Mr. Grow]
had better call up his motion to reconsider now.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I move to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. GROW. The election of a Printer is a
special order; and I" should like to know how this
other matter can come up '
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I suggest that the
motion to adjourn be withdrawn, and that a mo-
tion be made to postpone the election of a Printer
until to-morrow.
Mr. BOULIUNY. I withdraw the motion to
adjourn.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I move that the
election of a Printer be postponed until to-mor-
row.
Mr. SICKLES. I call for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I call for the regu-
lar order of business—the call of the States for
the introduction*of bills and resolutions. 1 un-
derstand that the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Grow] moved a reconsideration of the vote
upon the resolution offered by the gentleman from
Missouri, [Mr. Craig.] If he insists upon that
motion, I move to lay it upon the table.
Mr. PHELPS. I call the genUeman from Illi-
nois to order. Debate is not in order.
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider
is not before the House.
Mr. STEVENSON. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. The gentleman from Missouri [Mr. An-
derson] desires to address the House to-day.
The SPEAKER. That motion does not ap-
pear to the Chair to be in order pending the mo-
tion to postpone the election of Printer. That
motion is now before the House, and no debate
is in order. The yeas and nays are demanded
on the motion to postpone.
Mr. STEVENSON. I oak for tellers on the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. John Coch-
rane, and Kellogg of Illinois, were appointed.
Mr. SHERMAN. Would it be in order to
have the understanding arrived at here yesterday
read ? If so, I ask that it be read from the Globe,
in order that gentlemen may vote understand-
ing y.
The SPEAKER. Unless by unanimous con-
sent, there can be no debate.
Mr. HOARD. We want that gentlemen oppo-
site shail see what the agreement was, for this is
a violation of it.
Mr. FLORENCE. Was there a vote taken,
or was it merely a general understanding? We
have had two ballots, and I do not see any viola-
tion of faith. I have no objection, however, to
the reading of the paper.
The Cleik read, as follows:
Mi. Barkspal^. On Thursday la«t the other ride of
1 the House was not ready to go into an election for Printer,
and without any objection being made upon this ride of the
House, the election was postponed until yesterday. Yes-
terday theie were two ballot*, without an election ; and I
frankly say to the other tide of the House, that we are not
ready foi a vote for Printor to day ; that wc are not trilling
to go into an election now, because of the absence of gen-
tlemen upon this side of the House, wiio will be here to-
morrow, and because, as has been suggested to me by the
gjntJeman honi Virginia, [Mr. Smith,] of a misapprehen-
sion upon the part of one gentleman from Maryland. I pro-
pose, then, by unanimous consent, that the rufes be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself Into the Comriftt-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union upon the Post
Office bill, and that we go into the election ot a Printer to-
moirow immediately alter the reading of the Journal and
a call of the Hou^e.
"Mr. C.urtis. We have a special order to-morrow at
one o'clock.
" Mr. U ARKfjDALE. We can pass over that until a ballot
has been taken I then move that the rules be suspended,
and that the House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, with a view of taking up
the Po-t Office appropriation bill.
£" Mr. Sherman, i simply wish to say, that if it is the
understanding that to morrow we shall at once, and with-
out anv moie delay oi excuse, dispose of this punting busi-
ness, I, for one, shall not object.
" Mi. Barksdale. There will be no objection after a
call of the House, so as to allow gentlemen an opportunity
to be here.
" Mr. Sherman. Veiv well, if that isthe understanding.
" The motion of Mr. Barksdai.e was then agreed to."
Mr. SHERMAN. The agreement was, that
we would dispose of this printing business to-day.
Mr. STEVENSON. How can we dispose of
it?
Mr. SHERMAN. We can take another ballot;
and if that docs not dispose of it, I will agree to
a postponement.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire to say that my
understanding was that wc should go into an elec-
tion to-day. Now, I do not know whether the
understanding extended to more than one ballot
or not, so far as this side of the House is con-
cerned; but so far as I am personally concerned,
I feci myself pledged to go on with the election
to-day.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask that there shall be
one more ballot-, and then if there is no election,
I will agree to a postponement.
Mr. KEITT. 1 wish to inquire, in order to
decide my own vote, of the member from Missis-
sippi, [Mr. Barksdale,] whether ornot, if forty
ballots were required to elect a Speaker, he would
feel himself under obligation to vote to remain in
perpetual session for two weeks?
Mr. BARKSDALE. I would not.
Mr GROW. I desire to inquire of the gentle-
man from Mississippi [Mr. Barksdale] whether
he does not feel under obligation to continue to
vote for Printer to-day?
Mr. BARKSDALE. Until the ordinary hour of
adjournment, so far as I am concerned.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I withdraw the mo-
tion to postpone.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire to say that I do
not regard any other gentleman as pledged to go
on with the election to-day. Each gentleman must
construe the agreement for himself; but so far as
I am concerned, I regard myself pledged to go on
with the election to-day till the ordinary hour of
adjournment.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Wish to say one
word. I submitted the motion to postpone, under-
standing that, as we had had two votes for Printer,
the spirit of the agreement had been observed.
Gentlemen, however, on both sides of the House,
seem to think that it is not so; and as it is better
to be on the safe side, I withdraw the motion.
Mr. HILL. I had something to do with the
arrangement made yesterday, postponing the elec-
tion of Printer until to-day. I requested yester-
day, of the other side of the House—as well, I
may say, as this side of the House—that we
should postpone the election until to-day; and the
only reason that strikes me now why we might
not £ro on to its completion, is simply this: 1 do
not hear of the arrival of any absent members.
We have already had two ineffectual votes to-day,
and from all the indications and from my knowl-
edge of the character of the gentlemen who have
given those votes, I am inclined to think that, if
another vote is taken now, it will result just as
the last one did. We can make the trial, how-
ever*, but, if it results in no election, I suggest
that we do not repeat it. Let us have only one
more vote.
Several Republican Members. One more vote.
Mr. STANTON I desire to say that my friend
from California [Mr. Scott] has paired off with
