THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
me twice to-day. I do not desire to hold him to
that arrangement longer; and, inasmuch as my
friends pledge me, most positively that the print-
ing shall bo reduced, so that there shall be noth-
ing to distribute—no plunder—I shall hereafter
vote for the nominee of the Republican party.
Mr. HILL. It is strange that there should be
such general interest m this matter, if there is
nothing to parcel out.
The House then proceeded to a fifth vote viva
voce for Printer, with the following result: Whole
number of votes, 182; necessary to a choice, 92;
of which—
.91
.90
. 1
Mr. Dcfrces received   
Mr. Glossbrenner  
Messrs. Gales & Seaton   
So there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Defrees—Messrs. Aldrich, Alloy, Babbitt, Beale,
Bingham, Blake, Brayton, Butfinton, Burlingame, Burn-
ham, Burroughs, ButterfieJd,Campbell,Carey, Carter, Case,
Colfax, OonkJing, Curtis, H. Winter Davis, D.nves, Duell,
Dunn, Edgerton, Edwards, Ely, Fanis \vorth, Ponton, Perry,
Foster, Frank, Gooch, Grow, Guiley, Halo, llasidn, Hel-
mlcfc, Hoard, Humphrey, Hutehins, Irvine, Junkin, Francis
W. Kejloge, Wiiiiam Kellogg, Kilgore, Killingcr, DeWitt
C. Leach, Lee, Loomis, Lovt-joy, Marsron, MoKean, Mc-
KnlglHj McPlierson, Millward, Mooihead. Morrill, Edwaid
Joy Morris, Morse, Nixon, Palmer, Pcttit, Porter, Potter,
Christopher Robinson, Royeo, Schwartz, Sedgwick, Sbei-
rnan, Spauldmg, Spinner, Stanton, Stevens, Thayer, Thca-
ker, Tompkins, Train, Trimble, Vandcver, Van Wyck,
Wade,Walton, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Ellihu B. Wash-
burne, Israel Washburn. Wells, Wilson, Windom, Wood,
Woodniff, and Mr. Speaker.
JFor Mr, Glossbrcnncr—Messrs. Green Adams, Allen,
Thomas L. Anderson, A&hmore, Avery, B.irk^dale, P ai iclt,
1/ocockj Bonham, Boteler, Boulijrny, Boyec, Tinges Ons-
low, Burch, Burnett, John B. Clark, Clemens, Clopton,
<.'obb, John Cochrane, Cooper, Cox, James Craijr, Cuny,
Davidson, John G. Davis, Reuben Davis, Do Jamettii, F«d-
mundson, Florence, Garnett. Gaitreli, Gilmer, Hamilton,
Hardeman, Hatton, Hill, illndman, IIoiBton, Howard,
Jackson, Jenkins, Jones, Kcitt, Kunkel, Lamar, Landrum,
Lanabee, Leake, Lo«an, Elbert S. Martm, M;vyn«ud, Me
demand, McQueen, McRae,Milc>, MUlson, Montgomery,
Laban T. Moore, Sydenham Moore, Isaac N. Mom*, Nel-
son, Noell, Pendleton, Peyton, Phelps, Pryor, Ciuai les, Rea-
gan, lliggs, James C. Robinson, Ruffm,Rust, Seott, Sickles,
Singleton, William Smith, William N. If. Smith, Stall-
worth, Stevenson, Stokes, Stout, Taj lor, Thomas, VaJJan-
digham, Vance, Webster, Win&low, and Woodson.
For Messrs. Gales Seaton—Mr. Etiieridge.
Before the vote was announced,
Mr. BONHAM said: T propose to withdraw
my vote from Mr. Glossbrenner and to vote for
Mr. James N. Bcthune, of the State of Georgia.
Mr. HOUSTON. As the gentleman from South
Carolina proposes to vote for some gentleman
down in South Carolina or Georgia, 1 would like
to have him tell me what sort of person he is.
Mr. BONHAM. I will do so with great pleas-
ure.
Mr. GROW. I rise to a question of order. No
debate is in order.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I want to know in reference
to the qualifications of this man. I may want to
vote for him myself.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
Mr. BOCOCK. I desire to say to gentlemen
on the other side of the House that my colleague,
Mr. Jenkins, supposing that there would not be
another vote to-day, has absented himself from
the House. I hope gentlemen will indulge us
until he comes in.
Mr. HAMILTON. I desire to know if my
name is recorded.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's name is
recorded for Mr. Glossbrenner.
Mr. HAMILTON. Well, sir, I propose to
change my vote.
Mr. GARNETT. I object to the gentleman
from Texas changing his vote, and call the yeas
and nays.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Texas
has the right to change his vote.
Mr. GARNETT. I understand the Chair to
decide that the gentleman from Texas- has the
right to change his vote. I appeal from the de-
cision of the Chair.
Mr. HOUSTON. The question raised by the
gentleman from Virginia is a very grave one, and
ought not to be decided withoatconsideration. It
affects directly the right of a member to control
.his own vote.
Mr. GROW. I insist upon my question of
order, that no debate is in order. [Cries on the
Republican side of " Announce the vote !'']
The SPEAKER. The Chair so docides. The
Clerk will call the name of the gentleman from
Texas, if ho desires to change his vote.
Mr. HAMILTON. What has become of the
question of order raised by the gentleman from
Virginia;
The SPEAKER That has been settled.^ _
Mr. GARNETT. I appealed from the decision
of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. Pending the taking of a vote,
all questions must be decided peremptorily by the
Speaker, subject to a vote of censure by the House
hereafter. The Clerk will call the name of the
gentleman from Texas, if he wishes to vote.
Mr. HOUSTON. [Cries of "Order!"] Will
the Chair allow me to ask a question ?
Mr. GROW. I insist that no debate is in or-
der, and that the vote shall be.announced.
Mr. HAMILTON. May I be permitted to
say one word? [Republican members, " No!"]
The SPEAKER. There can be no debate.
Mr. HAMILTON. I am willing to receive the
decision of the Speaker. [Shouts of "Order!"]
Mr. FLORENCE, [Mr. Jenkins having now
come into the Hall.] I hope the gentleman from
Virginia will not insist upon his question of or-
der, but that we shall have the vote announced.
[Laughter, and cries of" Order !"]
The vote was then announced, as above re-
corded.
CALL FOR RESOLUTIONS AND BILLS.
Mr. GROW. If the resolution offered by the
gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Craig] on Mon-
day is now to be considered, I desire to state the
reasons why I made the motion to reconsider. I
shall do so very briefly, and then leave the matter
with the House. I have no personal feeling in
reference to it. When the gentleman from Mis-
souri introduced his resolution, it was for a call
of the States for bills of which^previous notice
had been given, and for reference only, without
debate. To that I had no objection.
Mr. FLORENCE. That is as it stands now.
Mr. GROW. I think not.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will suggest that
no business is in order except to proceed to vote
foi Prin I er.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to postpone that
business until to-morrow at one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GROW. I now call up my motion to re-
consider, and I shall be very brief in giving the
reasons why I made it. I said that the resolu-
tion as originally offered by the gentleman from
Missouri, permitted gentlemen to offer any bills
or resolutions for reference, without debate. It
did not permit a single objection to prevent the
introduction of any bill or resolution. But it was
to be for reference only; nothing was to be put on
its passage.. Some one appealed to the gentleman
i to modify the resolution so as to permit a single
objection to prevent any bill or resolution from
I being offered I did not understand that modifi-
cation to have been made, or I should have oi>-
! jected to the resolution itself, if that is to be its
construction, I sec no object in going through
with the call at all.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I agree entirely
with the gentleman from Pennsylvania. The
modification made by the Clerk, m good faith I
have no doubt,destroys the resolution foralluse-
ful purposes to us or to the country. I shall vote
for the motion to reconsider, and if some modifi-
cation is not made, I shall vote against the reso-
lution myself.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman will allow
'! me, the modification made by the Clerk was pre-
■ cisely in accordance with the amendment sug-
gested by the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
ij Burnett,] and accepted by the gentleman from
ji Missouri. The gentleman from Kentucky sug-
ij gested the amendment, and the Clerk took ltdown
j: precisely as the gentleman suggested it. It is the
■'i usual mode of making these calls, if I understand
II it correctly. But, sir, when I asked if the resolu-
tion, as offered by the gentleman, would allow
resolutions to be put on their passage, to which
objection was made, I was answered that it would
not: then, if 1 was answered correctly, the amend-
ment which was put on only carried out the con-
struction placed upon it by the gentleman from
Missouri himself. The usual practice is to per-
mit gentlemen to introduce such bills as there
shall be no objection to only; the object being to
prevent the introduction of propositions to which
there is objection, and or which there can be no
debate, and which may be put on their passage
under the previous question.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman from
Alabama permit me to ask him a question ?
Mr. GROW. I hold the floor, and I will yield
it to no one until the gentleman from Alabama
has concluded.
Mr. MAYNARD. Then I desire to propound
a question to the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. GROW. Very well, 1 will hear the ques-
tion.
Mr. MAYNARD. I wish to know whether
the object of the resolution was not to allow bills
and resolutions to be introduced for r< ference, and
not to have the previous question sprung upon
them ?
Mr. GROW. That the House may understand
exactly what the resolution was designed to ac-
complish, I will state what it is.
Mr. HOUSTON. Will the gentleman allow
mc to state to the gentleman from Tennessee 
Mr. GROW. I can state it myself as well as
the gentleman from Alabama.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Let the resolution
be read.
Mr. GROW. I have no objection to that.
The Clerk read the resolution.
Mr. GROW. Now, in order that gentlemen
may understand exactly what the resolution was
designed to accomplish, 1 will state that, under the
rules, when the States are called for resolutions,
any resolution or bill offered by any gentleman
may be put upon its passageby calling the previous
question upon it to cut off debate. This resolu-
tion, as it was offered by the gentleman from Mis-
souri, precluded any gentleman from offering any
bill or resolution, except for reference.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I think the gentle-
man from Alabama is mistaken in saying that the
resolution, as originally offered, was not in accord-
ance with the usual practicc. Resolutions have
been passed in both the last two sessions of Con-
gress similar to the one I offered. I adopted, sub-
stantially, the resolution under which we acted
m the last Congress
Mr. HOUSTON. Now, will the gentleman
allow mc to say a word ? I have not looked at the
resolution which the gentleman offered last ses-
sion; but I know that the practicc has been to
make an order of this sort by the House, leaving
resolutions to be objected to, so as to obviate the
possibility of a majority calling the previous ques-
tion, and thereby depriving a minority of the right
of discussion. An objection, as I understand it.
will apply to resolutions; and if gentlemen will
allow the States to be called, they will find that
but few resolutions will be objected to—only such
as necessarily give rise to debate will be objected
to. I do not pretend to know what the gentleman
from Missouri has done; but 1 know the fact, and
I state it as such, that tlv; practice heretofore has
been to introduce resolutions under orders of the
House similar to this—I do not know that tlmy
were in the precise phraseology of this resolution
—and where they gave vise to debate they hr.ve
been excluded.
Mr. GROW. I have occupied the door nom-
inal'y about fifteen minutes, and have actually
spoken only four. Now. I ask for my right*. and
hope gentlemen will not interrupt mc.
The gentleman from Alabama, in my judgment,
entirely miscgjieeives the jnuport of this icsolu-
tion. The resolution, as offered, would pirmit
no resolution to be put upon its passage: thtrefore
it makes no difference whether the previous ques-
tion is called or not. The gentleman says he
wants to cut off all resolutions giving rise to de-
bate. That was done by the resolution, as offered
by the gentleman from Missouri. They wore
simply to be introduced and referred to a commit-
tee for their action. If you do not pass this res-
olution, and the States are called, th-m, as the rules
now stand, gentlemencan introduce bills, of which
previous notice has been given, for reference to a
committee; and if resolutions arc introduced, they
can be put upon their passage, while bills cannot
be. Then the one who introduces a resolution
would call the previous question upon it, m order
to get it to a vote, because, if it gav e i ise to debate,
it would go over under the rule until the next day.
Now,a resolution isoffercd by the gentleman from
Missouri, [Mr. Craig,] which cuts all that off,
