3T§
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 29,
36th Cong. .. .1st Sess.
Success of the Calhoun Revolution—Mr. Ashley.
Ho. of Reps.
by every State conventionofthe party in the North,
thus making a judicial decision a party question;
and,'so far from settling the pojnts assumed to be
adjudicated by the court, making the opinion of
the court itseff a new and a test question of party
fidelity; t% bringing the court into the political
field,'* as Colonel""Boitoii has said, and making
the new questions thus raised " the very watch-
words of parties." For assuredly this is a ques-
tion which must become far more bitter and ma-
lignant than the slavery, question itself, when the
people fully comprehend the alarming power as-
sumed by this irresponsible department of the
Government to change or annul their Constitu-
tion at pleasure. I say irresponsible department;
because, holding their offices for life, and not
amenable to the people for their acts, they have
ijo fear of removal, and do not regard, as Mr.
Jefferson has said, the power of impeachment
even as a " scarecrow."
The important points which the Supreme Court
assumed to decide for the interest of the slave
power was: first, that no slave, or the descendant
of a slave, could maintain a suit at law for any
purpose m any of the courts of the United States.
This'decision was demanded and deemed neces-
sary in order that the precedent might bv settled
favorable to this class intcicst while the pro-sla-
very paity had possession of the courts, so that
thereafter no slave, or person hold as such, should
be allowed to bring suit for his or her freedom, or
sue out a writ of habeas corpus before any of said
courts to compel the party holding any such per-
sons as slaves to show by what authority said
person or persons were distrained of their liberty,
unless ihe court should first overrule this de-
cision.
The point thus gained by the slave power was
an important one, bccause it made it necessary
hereafter for all persons suing for their fieedom
to bring their suits in the State courts, where, the
law-makers, the judges,and juries being all slave-
holders, there would be no question that the in-
terests and wishes of the privileged class would
be omnipotent. But little danger could be appre-
hended with such laws as are exacted by southern
States to guard and protect this class interest of
any persons obtaining their freedom, though they
might be so white that they would readily pass for
white persons,and though it might be well known
to the claimant, as well as judge and jury, that the
person than held was born free. Hence the im-
portance of this point to the slaveholder, else such
suits as I have alluded to might, and doubtless
would, become troublesome and inconvenient to
the privileged class, as there area number of States
whose constitutions and laws do not establish sla-
very as an institution, but simply recognize the
relation of master and slave without establishing
the right.
2. That the Constitution, of its own inherent
force, extend1* to all Territories as soon as ac-
quired. On this poir.t, I quote the testimony of
Mr. Benton, because it is of great value, as show-
ing what views were entertained by all depart-
ments of the Government on this question up to
the time this discussion was made. (I do not,
however, desire to be understood as indorsing
Mr. Benton's views m full on this point.) He
says, in his Notification to the Reader, in his
volume examining the Dred Scott case:
"Without gom<  further Into that histoiy in this brief
postscripluhi notification, am! confining himself to ihe pre-
cise point in is-.uo, the wiit^r will bay that the administra-
tion of Mr. Momoe expressly, by unanimous decision, and
eaehllou-eot Congress impliedly, and without, diVt<ioti_,
decided that no pan of tin; Constitution and no net of Con-
gress went to a Terutory utile** extended to it bv act of
Congress."
3. That the Constitution recognized slaves as
property as well as persons, and because thus
recognized, Congress had no power to prohibit
the introduction of, :or to exclude after it was in-
troduced, this species of property from the Terri-
tories; and
4. "If [as the court say] Congress cannot ex-
ercise this power, [to exclude slavery from the
Territories,] it will hardly be claimed that it
can delegate the power to a Territorial Legisla-
ture."
In this summary manner, and in these words,
did the Supreme Court, whose decisions Mr.
Douglas pretends to indorse, dispose of his boast-
ed theory of popular sovereignty, and thus were
the deception and fraudpracticcd upon the people
of the North,in 1856, unblushingly proclaimed.
The doctrine that the Constitution of the United
States recognizes slaves as property, and that Con-
gress has not the power to exclude it from the
Territories, having been established, so far as the
authority of the Supreme Court and the united
voice of a great party can establish it, the next
step in the series of aggressions and usurpations
contemplated by this tribunal and the class who
created and control it is to declare that slavery
cannot lawfully be excluded from any of the sov-
ereign States of the Union; that so long as one
State in the Confederacy recognizes and sanctions
slavcholding, whether by her constitution, her
laws, or custom, slaveholding shall be legal in all
the Territories, and in every State, and neither
Congress nor State nor Territorial Legislatures
shall have the power to prohibit it. It is difficult
to see how it can be lawfully excluded from a Ter-
ritory or State, or on what just principle the pur-
chase and importation of slaves is declared piracy,
if H be true that the national Constitution recog-
nizes slaves as property; for article six of the Con-
stitution of the United States declares that—
" This Constitution, and the laws of tne (Jmted States
winch shall ho madft in purMianco thcieot, and all treaties
made, oi which shall be made, undor the authonty of the
United States, shall I)-; the supreme law of the land ; and
the judges in eveiy State siialJ be bound thereby, anything
in th-.1 laws or constitution or any State to the contrary not-
withstanding."5
Any legislative enactment, therefore, cither by
Territories or States, excluding the master with
his slaves; or, if he enter a Territory or State, de-
stroying his property by depriving him of it with-
out compensation, must be clearly unconstitu-
tional, as must also be the law winch declares
the sdave trade piracy; for, if slaves are property
by virtue of a constitutional provision, they are
property, not only m the Territories and m all
the States—Ohio as well as Missouri—but arc
also property m every part of the world where
ever the (las; of the country protects the lives and
property ofher citizens. The only exception that
can possibly be made to this rule, provided the
premises claimed be admitted, would bo where our
citizens, with their slave property, were tempo-
ral ily r< siding in or passing through the territory
of a foreign nation whose huvsprohihited slavery,
in such a country they probably could not hoid
them without express treaty stipulations. But
if a citizen of the United States, under the pro-
tection of his country's flag, buys slaves m Africa,
or in any other country, they arc as legally ins
as though he purchased them in South Carolina,
provided shivery is not prohibited by law in the
country where the purchase is made. And there
being no law m Africa to prohibit slaveholding,
but a usage recognizing it, the act of Congress
that prohibits citizens of the United States from
purchasing slaves there, or if he purchase them,
deprives him of them without compensation the
moment he sets foot on the soil of his own State
with them, and, m addition, inflicts the terrible
penalty of death upon lum for having in his pos-
session persons who are recognized by the Con-
stitution of his -country as property, is cleaily
unconstitutional.
The Supreme Court, however, did not dare,
when deciding the Dred Scott case, to declare in
so many words, that sovereign States of this Union
could not exclude slavery and prohibit its exist-
ence within their jurisdiction. The slave power
knew that the public mind of the North was not
prepared for such a declaration of its purposes.
They therefore preferred to take the safer course,
and tirst secure the indorsement and acquiescence
of the people in the Dred Scott decision, knowing
that the logical result of that decision would le-
galize slavery in all the States and Territories of
the Republic, notwithstanding their State consti-
tutions and laws might prohibit it.
.fudge Nelson, of the majority of the Supreme
Court, who concurred in the Dred Scott opinion,
is the only judge who approached near enough to
this point to give any intimation of what would
be his views m a case such as Virginia has car-
ried up from the supreme court of New York, in
stating his views, he admitted that the sovereign
States of the Union had legislative power over
all subjects, "except in cases where the power
is restrained by the Constitution of the United
States." He adds:
s'Tho law of the State i<s supreme over the eubicct of
slavery within its jurisdiction, except in cases where tile
power U restrained by the Constitution."
And for this opinion he may be nominated at
the Baltimore convention, on the 38th of next
month. But if the Constitution of the United
States recognizes slaves as property, the State
cannot legally exclude them, for the national Con-
stitution "is the supreme law of the land," and
provides in article four, section second, expressly
that—
"The citizens of each State shall be entitled to all the
privileges and immunities of the citizens in the several
States."
This provision secures heyond question the
right of every citizen of a State to pass through
or resale in any State, with any and all descrip-
tions of property recognized by the national Con-
stitution; and all laws, enactments, and judicial
decisions of every State, destroying or depriving
a citizen of any State of this right, are violative,
not only of the letter, butthe spiritof the national
Constitution, if slaves are property by virtue of
any provision of that instrument. Hence I claim,
and always have claimed, that either Jefferson
and the Republican party are right on this ques-
tion, or Calhoun and his disciples are right. There
can be but two sides to the question.
But, Mr. Chairman, I do not believe that the
Constitution of my country recognizes property
in man. If I did, then, sir, I never could, and I
never would, have laid my hand upon the Bible,
and taken such an oath as I did when I became
a member of this House,to support such a Consti-
tution; and, by becoming a member of this body,
be compelled cither to violate my official oath or
vote to sustain and protect the right of the master
to his slave property m all the Territories and in
all the States of the American Union, by the whole
power of the Government—by the use of the Army
and Navy, and the purse of the nation. Fori if
such arc his vested rights under the Constitution,
I cheei fully concede it to be the duty of those who
administer the Government to give him adequate
protection, to the fell extent of their power and
jurisdiction. I would simply decline participating
in such an Administration; fori do not subscribe
to the extraordinary statesmanship of the author
of the Kansas-Nebraska act, which concedes the
constitutional right of one man to property in
the person of another; placing it exactly upon the
same tenure of other property, and then admit-
ting that he may be legally deprived of that prop-
city, withoutcompensation, by whathe terms the
" unfriendly legislation" of a Territorial Legisla-
ture; which even he does not pretend to claim
can exercise sovereign power.
Sir, if I could believe that our fathers who formed
this Union, which I have been taught to love, and
this Constitution, which 1 have been taught to
cling to, as the palladium of our liberties—\ say if
I could be made to believe that they intended to or
did covertly and insidiously declare, m any line or
section of that Constitution, that there could be
property in man, then I would ccase to chcrish or
venerate their memories, and, rather than hold a
seat on this floor for a single hour, and by hold-
ing a seat here be obliged by my oath to sanction
and support the institution of human slavery, I
would become an alien to such a Government,
and refuse to be classed as a citizen with a peo-
ple who, with the light of centuries beaming upon
them, persisted in the crime of upholding a Con-
stitution which recognized property in man.
But, Mr. Chairman, it is claimed that the ques-
tion as to whether the Constitution recognizes
property in man or not, is no longer an open ques-
tion; that it is a question which cannot with safety
be submitted for determination to the people, or
be intrusted to the individual opinions of their
Representatives in Congress, or to the officers in
any of the coordinate departments of the Govern-
ment, except the Supreme Court.
It is said that the question has been, as the
President informs us, "Jinally" and authorita-
tively settled for us by that44 aug«s* tribunal.*9
Men of all parties, in office and out of office,, are
called upon by the party through whose instru-
mentality this decision was procured, to submit
to and indorse it; and the demand is made and
