THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
Mr. GWIN. I hope the Senate will proceed
to the consideration of the Army appropriation
bill,
Mr. POLK. I hope not.
Mr. GWIN. The idea of passing bills here,
with one third o,f the Senate out, is all nonsense.
I move that th.e Senate proceed to the consider-
ation of executive business. ["Oh, no!") I
make' the motion; and I ask for the yeas and nays
upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MASON. I hope I may be allowed to say
that there is business in executive session which
requires immediate attention.
?£he question being taken by yeas and nays,
res.ulted—yeas 20, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Benjamin, Bigler, Bragg, Ches-
nut, Davis, Fitch, Fitzpatrtck, Givin, Hunter, Johnson of
Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Latham, Mailory, Mason,
Nicholson, Powell, Slide!!, Thomson, and Toombs—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Chandler, Clark,
Ooliauier, Djxon, Doolittlo, JJurkee, Foot, Foster, Green,
Grimes, Hale, Harlan, Hemphill, tverson-, Kennedy, King,
Lane, Polk, Pugli, Simmons, Sumner, Ten Kyck, Truin-
bun, wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—28.
So the Senate refused to proceed to the consid-
eration of executive business.
THOMAS ATKINSON.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
rick in the chair.) The next bill on the Calen-
dar is the bill (H. R. No. 234) for the relief of
Thomas Atkinson, of Parke county, Indiana,
which has been adversely reported by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. PUGH. Let it lie on the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That course
will be pursued, if there be no objection.
NATHAN RANDALL.
The bill (H. R. No. 393) granting an invalid
pension to Nathan Randall, was considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It provides for placing
the name ofNathan Randall, of the State of New
York, on the invalid pension roll, at the rate of
eight dollars per month, from the 12th of January,
1858, during his natural life.
Mr. BAYARD. I want the report read in that
case.—
The Secretary read the report of the House
Committee on Invalid Pensions, which sets forth
that it is proved that the petitioner enlisted in the
service ofthe United States as a private in com-
pany G, commanded by Captain Robert Ander-
son, in third regiment United States artillery, com-
manded by Colonel Gates, in September, 1846,
for the term of five years, arid that he was honor-
ably discharged on or about the 21st day of Sep-
tember, 1851; that while in service, and in the
line of his duty, at the storming of Chepultepec,
in Mexico, he was wounded in the forehead by a
musket ball; that the wound has affected his brain,
and caused attacks of fits, which lie has ever since
been afflicted with; also that, while in the city of
Mexico, in September, 1847, he was attacked
with Mexican diarrhea, which became and con-
tinues to be chronic; and that he is, by either one
of these diseases, rendered unable to obtain his
subsistence by manual labor.
Mr. BAYARD. 1 have no objection to the bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
ADELAIDE ADAMS.
Mr. KENNEDY. I ask the Senate to take up
J-louse bill No. 272.
Mr. POLK. I hope we shall adhere to the reg-
• ular order.
IN^r. KENNEDY. I shall be much obliged to
the Senate if they will take up this bill, which ap-
peals, with a great deal of force, to both the sym-
pathy and justice of this House.
Mr. POLK. Where does it stand in the order
of business?
Mr. KENNEDY. It jg the last bill on the
Calendar. It is the bill of Mrs. Adams, a lady
without means and without support, the widow
of a gallant officer. We haye passed a great
many bills with not half the merit this has. {
fear the bill will not be reached, unless we take it
up out of its order. I move to take it up,
Mr. POLK. I shall not make any further ob-
jection.
m The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H. R.
No. 2?8) granting a pension to Adelaide Adams,
widow of Commander George Adams, of the Uni-
ted States Navy, was considered as in Ccsnmittec
of the Whole. It proposes to place her name on
the pension roll, at the rate of thirty dollars per
month, from the 9th.of June, 1858, to continue
during her widowhood.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
CIIATJNCEY W. FULLER.
The bill (H. R. No. 395) for the relief of
Chauncey W. Fuller was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It proposes to direct the
Secretary of the Interior to place the name of
Chauncey W. Fuller upon the invalid pension
rolls, at the rate of seventeen dollars per month,
to commence on the 1st day of April, 1858, and to
continue during his natural life
The Committee on Pensions reported it with
an amendment to strike out " seventeen" and in-
sert "eight;" so as to make the pension eight dol-
lars per month.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended;
and the amendment was concurred in, and ordered
to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a third
time. The bill was read the third time, and
passed.
ORDER OP BUSINESS.
Mr. PUGH. I desire, at this point, to make
a suggestion, which I think ought to strike the
mind of every Senator. There is very little diffi-
culty about the passage of House bills, because
we can pass them at any time. The difficulty is,
that Senate private bills will not be considered
in the House. I hope, therefore, that the Senate
will agree to a motion which I am about to make
—that we now take up Senate private bills to
which there is no objection. [" Oh, no!"]
Mr. GREEN. Not until we get through the
Calendar.
Mr. LANE and others. Let us get through
with the Calendar.
Mr. PUGH. The Senate private bills..will all
be lost unless we take them up. Whygiie pref-
l-ence to House bills?
Mr. SIMMONS. I believe there are but three
or four more House bills.
Mr. PUGH. Then I withdraw my motion for
the present.
JETHKO BONNEY.
The bill (H. R. No. 422) for the relief of Jethro
Bouncy, of the State of New York, was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It provides
for the payment to Jethro Bonney of the sum of
$400, in full for damages sustained by him by
reason of the destruction of his store by the Army
ofthe United States at the invasion of Plattsburg
during the war of 1812.
Mr. BAYARD. I should like to hear the re-
port in that case.
The Secretary read the report made by Mr.
Tapfan, of the House Committee of Claims,
which states that during the war of 1812 the peti-
tioner raised and commanded a company of in-
fantry m the State of N^w York, under a commis-
sion from his Excellency D. D. Tompkins, then
Governor of the State, bearing date September 21,
1812. The records of the War Office show that
he was in service with his company in the month
of August, 1813, and he claims to have served
also at the battle of Plattsburg, in 1814; but of
this he failed to produce record evidence. In
reply to his application for the bounty land, to
which he seemed to be entitled, the Commissioner
ofPensions said," unless record evidence in some
form can be found that Captain Bonney had a
commandat the invasion of Plattsburg,as alleged,
his claim cannot be allowed." There was ample
parol evidence of the fact, but the claimant was
unable to produce a written record of his service,
and he failed to receive the small bounty voted
him by his country. But during and at the time
of the invasion of Plattsburg, Captain Bonney
had a small grocery store, which stood near the
bridge, which inteifered with the range of the
American cannon in defendingtliat point, and the
storehouse was accordingly demolished by order
of the American conmjander, The present claim
is for compensation for the house thus destroyed,
which he values at §400, Alien Sherman, a wit-
ness for Captain Bonney in his application for
bounty land, stated that "he assisted in tearing
up the bridge to prevent the British forces from
crossing it, and assisted our troops in tearing down
agrocery ofthe said Captain Bonney, which stood
near said bridge, and which interfered with the
range of the American cannon which were placed
there to defend said bridge, and that said building
was worth about four hundred dollars." The pe-
titioner has never received any compensation for
that loss of property, and is now upwards of
eighty-eight years of age, with his entire estate
valued at ten dollars. Und'erail the circumstances
surrounding the case, and in consideration of the
patriotic services of Captain Bonney, who has
never received any bounty from the Government,
but without any recognition of the claim as based
on the destruction of his grocery store, the com-
mittee think his petition entitled to the favorable
consideration of Congress.
Mr.BAYARD. Mr.President, I am constrained
to oppose this claim, not on account of the mag-
nitude of the amount, for it is in itself small, but
it reopens a class of claims which ought not to be
reopened now. After the war of 1812, Congress,
in 1816 and 1817, passed acts which provided for
this as well as other large classes of cases, for the
purpose of indemnifying persons for losses sus-
tained by the destruction of property, either by
the order of our o wn officers or by the act of the
enemy, where the enemy was justified in so doing
in consequence of the operations of our own troops.
Under those laws, at that time, more than forty
years ago, the amount and magnitude of frauds
and perjuries was so great that Congress had to
put an end to the laws, and to stop the appropri-
ations under them.
I obtained this information in investigating, a
short time after I came into the Senate, what were
known as the Maryland tobacco claims, which I
opposed at that session vainly, for they passed
the Senate^ but they did not pass the House of
Representatives, and I am glad to see that, at the
present session of the Senate, a gentleman who
then voted for them, hasnow, as amember ofthe
Committee on Claims,madeareport against them.
In examining into this class of cases, after the acts
of 1816 and 1817 were passed, a select committee
was appointed, and it appeared that the frauds
were carried to an extent that was intolerable.
Among the other evidence I recollect—I can only
speak from memory now—that a man who had
been a captain in the Army of the United States,
and became afterwards a judge of the court of com-
mon pleas in New York, actually sold out affidavits
in blank, as a judge, and sold them out to a par-
cel of men for the purpose of putting into them
what they pleased in order to recover I do not
believe proof of facts of the kind alleged in this
case comes to us with any more certainty now
than it would at that time, which was a few years
after the close of the war. This claim could have
been presented under the laws of 181G and 1817;
it could then have been investigated. Under those
laws,they tooka wiseand orderly course. Where
property was destroyed by order of an officer of
the United States, one of the regulations which
President Madison prescribed was that the oider
of the officer which required the destruction of
the property, or its occupation by the American
troops, should be produced in the testimony, or
its absence should be accounted for. That was
certainly a wise and proper regulation. Under
that, of course this supplementary proof that is
now brought in at the lapse of forty years could
not have been brought in; but if the party can lie
by until the officer is in his grave, and Congress
dispenses with the proof required, I ask what se-
curity you have ? Any man who knows anything
of human nature knows that hearsay will grow
into fact with the lapse of time; and whether such
an order was given or not, it is now impossible
for the Government to ascertain the fact. All I
know about the whole series of transactions on
the northern frontier, at that period, is that a se-
lect committee of the House of Representatives,
who inquired into the matter, found that there
was a wholesale system of fraud and perjury for,,
the purpose of establishing claims against the Uni-
ted States, and they so reported to the-House of .
Representatives; and, in consequence of that re-
port, an end was put to those acts, and the few
claims that remained were referred to the Third
Auditor of the Treasury, and subsequently dis-
posed of,'the most of them being rejected.
Mr. FOOT. Permit me to make a suggestion
to the Senator from Delaware. Although I re-
