1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mounted volunteers. I hope that the gentleman's
amendment will be voted down. I withdraw my
amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. There must be an end to
this matter after a while, and I suggest that the
better way to dispose of it is, to let the Senate
amendment and substitute go to the House, and
there decide between them, or against both, upon
the yeas and nays.
Objection was made.
Mr. REAGAN demanded tellers on the substi-
tute.
Tellers were ordered-, and Messrs. Barr and
Waldron were appointed.
The substitute was rejected; the tellers having
reported—ayes 44, noes 72.
Mr. STANTON. The amendment of the Sen-
ate for raising a regiment of mounted volunteers
extends through several clauses, and I suggest that
the vote be taken upon them all together.
The question recurred on the second- amend-
ment of the Senate, as follows:
Sec. 2. Jind be it further enacted, That the following
gums be, and the ^ameare hereby, appropriated, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the
support of one regiment of Texas mounted volunteers, au-
thorized by the act of Congress approved April 7, 1858:
For regular supplies of the quartermaster's department:
fuel, forage, straw, and stationery, $100,000.
For incidental expenses of the quartermaster's depart-
ment: for blacksmiths' and shoeing tools, horse and mule
shoes and nails, iron and steel, horse medicines, pickct-
ropes, shoeing horses, and miscellaneous, §5,000.
For transportation of supplies, transportation of clothing,
camp and garrison equipage, ordnance, subsistence, quar-
termaster'o and mcdical stores; for the purchase of mules,
and the pui chase and repair of wagons, and for the hire of
teamsters, 0130,000.
For clothing, camp, and garrison equipage, $50,000.
For subsistence m kind, $76,466.
For pay of the volunteers, $358,979 33.
For arms and their appropriate accouterments, (exclusive
of horse equipments,) ^58,946 70.
Mr. REAGAN. I ask for tellers upon con-
curring in that amendment.
Tellers were ordered;and Messrs. Buffinton
and Ruffin were appointed.
The committee was divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 58, nays 69.
So the amendment was not concurred in.
The next question was on concurring to the
third amendment of the Senate, as follows:
Sec. 3. Jind be itfurther cnactcA, That the money hereby
appropriated, or any part thereof, shall not be withdrawn
from the Treasury unless the President of the United States
shall be of opinion that the exigencies of the public service
in Texas require the calling out of the regiment as afore-
said.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The next question was on theamendment offered
by Mr. Otero, as follows:
Sec And be itfurther enacted, That like sums of
money, as specified in the foregoing scction be, and the
same are hereby appropriated out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the support of one
regiment of New Mexican mounted volunteers, to be called
out by the President of the United States, for the sup-
pression of Indian hostilities in the Territory of New
Mexico.
The amendment was rejected.
The next question was on the last amendment
of the Senate, to amend the title, by adding, at the
end thereof, " and for other purposes."
The question was put; and the amendment was
not concurred in.
Mr. STANTON. I move that the committee
do no%v rise, and report the bill to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose;and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Kellogg, of Illinois, re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had had the state of the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
House bill No. 5, making appropriations for the
support of tiie Military Academy for the year
ending the 30tii of June, 1861, with the Senate
amendments thereto; and had directed him to re-
port the same to the House, recommending a con-
currence in the first amendment of the Senate, with
an amendment, and non-concurrence in the other
amendments.
CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE.
Mr. GILMER, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee of Elections, submitted a report in
the contested-election case of Howard against
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. GARTRELL, subsequently, by unani-
mous consent, submitted a minority report in the
same case; which was ordered to be printed.
MILITARY ACADEMY BILL AGAIN.
Mr. STANTON. I now call the previous ques-
tion upon concurring in the Senate amendments.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put.
First amendment:
Strike out, from the first amendment of the Senate, the
following words: " for materials for quarters for subaltern
officers, $3,500;" and insert:
The term of study at the Military Academy at West
Point shall be four years, and no more.
The amendment as amended was concurred in.
Second amendment:
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the following
sums fee, and the same are hereby, appropriated, out ofany
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the
support of one regiment of Texas mounted volunteers, au-
thorized by the act of Congress approved Apni 7,1858:
For regular supplies ot the quartermaster's department:
fuel, forage, straw, and stationery, .$100,000.
For incidental expenses of the quartermaster's depart-
ment : for blacksmiths' and shoeing tools, horse and mule
shoes and nails, iron and steel, horse medicines, picket-
ropes, shoeing horses, and miscellaneous, .§5,000.
For transportation of supplies, transportation of clothing,
camp, and garrison equipage, ordnance, subsistence, quar-
termaster's and medical stores; for the purchase of mules,
and the purchase and repair of wagons, and for the hire of
teamsters, $130,000.
For clothing, camp, and garrison equipage, $50,000.
For subsistence in kind, $76,4fiS.
For pay of the volunteers, $389,979 33.
For arms and their appropriate accouterments, (exclusive
of horse equipments,) §a8,946 70.
Mr. REAGAN. I demand the yeas and nays
on concurring in that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 74, nays 72; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Thomas L. Anderson, Ashmore,
Avery, Barr, Barrett, Bonham, Boteler, Bojee, Brabson,
Briggs, Eristow, Carter, Horace F. Clark, Cobb, Cooper,
Cox, Crawford, Curry, Curtis, John G. Davis, De Jarnette,
Etheridgc, Florence, Gartiell, Gilmer, Hamilton, Harde-
man, John T. Harris, Ilattoik, Hawkins, Hohnan, Houston,
Howard, Hughes, Jones, Junkm, Landrum, James M.
Leach, Leake, Love, Maclay, Charles D. Martin, May-
nard. Meltae, Miles, Million, Sydenham Moore, Edward
Joy Morris, Isaac N. Morris, IV'elson, Niblack, Nixon, No-
ell, Pendleton. Phelps, Quailcs, Reagan, Xiiggs, James C.
Robinson, ltufhn, Rust, Sch\v*iuu, Silling, Singleton, Wii-
iiam Smith, William N H. Smith, Staihvorth, Stevenson,
Taylor, Thomas, Vance, Vandever, and Winslow—74.
1$AYS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Aklucli. Alley, Wil-
liam C. Anderson, Ashley, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Iliay-
ton, Buffinton, Burlingame, Burnham, Butterfteld, Camp-
bell, Carey, Colfax, Conkling, Covode, Dawes, Delano,
Dunn, Edgcrton, Edwards, Eliot, Faraswortb, Foster,
Frank, Gooel),Gurley, Heltniek, Hoard, Humphrey, Hutch-
ins, Irvine, Francis W. Kellogg, Kenyon, Killinger, Lee,
Longnecker, Loomis, Marston, McKean, McKnight, Mc-
pherson, Millward, Morrill, Morse, Palmer, Pettit, Porter,
Riee, Christopher Robinson, Royee, Scranton, Sedgwick,
Sherman, Somes, Spinner, Stanton. Stevens, Stokes, Tap-
pan, Theaker, Tompkins, Waldron, Walton, Cadwalader
C. Washburn, Israel Wasliburn, Wells, Wilson, Windom,
and Woodruff—72,
So the amendment was concurred in.
During the call,
Mr. ADAMS, of Kentucky, stated that he had
paired off with Mr. Boiiligny, who would have
voted in the affirmative; while he (Mr. Adams)
would have voted in the negative.
Mr. ADRAIN stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Verree upon this question.
Mr. ASHMORE stated that Mr. Bocock had
paired off with Mr. Stanton after to-day.
Mr. BINGHAM stated that Mr. Burroughs,
being in ill health, had paired off for ten days with
Mr. McClernand.
Mr. CASE stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Edmcndson, who was in favor of the Senate
amendment, while he was opposed to it.
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky, stated that Mr.
Clark, of Missouri, was paired off with Mr.
Perry until after the Charleston convention.
Mr. ALLEY stated tkat Mr. Craig, of Mis-
souri, had paired off with Mr. Train for the re-
mainder of this week.
Mr. HARDEMAN stated that Mr. Davis, of
Maryland, was paired off with Mr. Hill.
Mr. HOWARD stated that Mr. Vallandig-
ii am was paired off with Mr. Duell.
Mr. HOARD stated that Mr. Ely had paired
off with Mr. Wright.
Mr. FRENCH stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Stoct until they met again in the House.
Mr. GARNETT stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Clar^B.'Co.ciyjANE.
Mr. HALE stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Woodson upon all political questions, and
that he (Mr. Hale) would have voted- in. the
negative.
Mr. MOORHEAD stated that Mr., Hall had
paired off. with Mr. Hindmak.
Mr. MOORE, of KentucTcy, stated that "He Had
paired off with Mr. Davis, of Maryland.
Mr. HUTCHINS stated that Mif. Wade had
paired off with Mr. Logan.
Mr. ASHMORE stated that Mr. McQueen
had paired off with Mr. Leach, of Michigan,
Mr. MOORHEAD stated that he had paired
off with Mr. Webster, who was in favor of the.
Senate amendment, while he was opposed "to it.
Mr. OLIN stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Larrabbe.
Mr. WOODRUFF stated that his colleague,
Mr. Ferry, had been called home on account of
sickness in his family, and that he was paired off ,
with Mr. Martin, of Virginia.
Mr. STANTON stated that Mr. Corwin was
paired off with Mr. Pcgii; and that he was paired
off with Mr. Bocock from to-morrow morning
until the 1st day of May.
Mr. MOORHEAD stated that Mr. Stewart,
of Pennsylvania, was paired off with Mr. Stew-
art, of Maryland.
Mr. NIXON stated that Mr." Stratton was
paired off with Mr. Whiteley.
Mr. TRIMBLE stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Mallory.
Mr. McPHERSON stated that Mr. Babbitt
had paired off with Mr. Underwood until the 6th
of May.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, stated -that
Mr. Potter had paired off with Mr. Burch until
the 4th of May. '
Mr. COLFAX stated that Mr. Loyejoy had
left his pair with him, and that he had paired him
off for ten days with Mr. Jackson.
Mr. COBB said: They say my vote will pass the
Senate amendment, and, therefore, I vote "ay."
The result was then announced, as above re-
corded.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment was concurred in;
and also move to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Upon that I
demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. FLORENCE. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. SINGLETON was recognized by the
Chair.
Mr. BONHAM. I call f©r the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
sissippi has the floor.
JAMBS S. DOUGLAS AND OTHERS.
Mr. SINGLETON. I move that the memo-
rial and papers in the case of James S, Douglas
et al. be withdrawn from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, for the purpose of reference in the Sen-
ate' MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by James Buchanan,.his Pri-
vate Secretary, informing the House that the
President had approved and signed an act to in-
corporate the United States Agricultural Society.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by Mr.
Hickey, its Chief Clerk, informing the House that
the Senate had passed, without amendment, an act
(H. R. No. 660) supplemental to an act entitled
" An act providing for the taking of the seventh
and subsequent censuses of the United States, and
to fix the number of the members of the House
of Representatives, and to provide for the future
apportionment among tho several States," ap-
proved May 23, 1850.
Also, that the Senate had passed an act (S. No.
150) for the relief of Madison Sweetscr; m which
he was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House.
PACIFIC TELEGRAPH BILL.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Burnett] has left the city, and he
desired me to ask the House to have printed some
amendments which he proposes to the Pacific tel-
egraph bill. I ask to/present them, and to have
them printed.
It was so ordered.
