3T2
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 29,
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Success of the Calhoun Revolution—Mr. Ashley.
Ho. of Reps.
superintending central power to keep in order these two
contending jurisdictions. This is an objection which is un-
answerable in its nature. In England they have great courts
which have great and interfering powers. But the con-
trolling power of Parliament, which is a central tocus cor-
rects them. But here each party is to shjft for itself. There
is no arbiter or power to correct their interference. Recur-
rence can only be had to the sword. The State judiciary
is the principal defense we have. If its independence is to
be destroyed, eur only defensive armor is taken from us.
Something has been said of the independence of the Federal
judges. I will only observe that it is on as corrupt a basis as
the art of man can place it."
The Hon. James Barbour, United States Sen-
ator from Virginia, made a report on the 5th of
December, 1820, on the petition of Matthew Lyon,
asking for redress for wrongs suffered under the
sedition act, which had been sustained and en-
forced by the Supreme Court. He said:
" The committee entertain a high respect for the purity
and intelligence of the judiciary. But it is a rational
respect, limited by a knowledge of the frailty of human
nature and the theory of the Constitution, which declares
not only that judges may err in opinion, but also may com-
mit crimes, and hence has provided a tribunal for the trial
of offenders.
"In times of violent party excitement, agitating the
whole nation, to expect that judges will be entirely exempt
from its influence, argues a profound ignorance ot man-
kind. Although clothed with the cimine, they aie still
men, and carry into the judgment scut the passions and
motives common to their kind. Their decisions on party
questious reflect their individual opinions, which fre-
quently betray them unconsciously into eiror. To balance
the judgment of a whole people by that of two or three men,
no matter what may be their oflicial elevation, is to exalt
the creature of the Constitution above its creator, and to
assail the foundation of our political fabtic ; which i>, that
the decision of the people is infallible, from which there is
no appeal but to Heaven."
Thomas Jefferson was one of the most earnest
and able opponents of the doctrine that the court
is supreme, and above all the coordinate depart-
ments of the Government. In a letter to William
T. Barry, dated Monticello, July 2,1822, he said:
" Wc already sec the power, installed forlife,res-ponsible
to no authority, (for impeachment is not even a scarecrow,)
advancing with a noseless and steady pace to the gteat ob-
ject of consolidation. The foundations aie already deeply
laid, by thcirdecisions, lot th« annihilation of constitutional
State rights, and the lemoval of every check, every coun-
terpoise, to the ingulfing power of which themselves are
to make a sovereign part. II ever this vast country is
brought under a single Government, it will bo one ol the
most extensive corruption, indifferent and incapable ot a
wholesome care over so wide a spread of surface. Tbi- 
Will not be borne,and you will have tochoo>e between ref-
ormation and ievolution If i know the spirit of this coun-
try, the one or the other is. inevitable. Before the canker
is become inveterate, belore its venom has readied so mueh
of the body-politic as to get beyond control, remedy should
be applied. Let the future appointments of nidges be tor
four or six years, and renewable by the Piesident and Sen-
ate. This will bung their conduct, at rcgulai periods, un
der revision and probation, and may keep them in equipoise
between the general and special Governments. We have
erred m this point, by copying Kngland, where certainly it
is a good thing to have the judges independent ot the King.
But we have omitted to copy their caution, also, which
makes a judge removable on the address of both IcgiMative
houses. That there should he public functionaries inde-
pendent of the nation, whatever may be their dement, is a
solecism, in a republic, of the first order of absurdity and
inconsistency."
I must, however, close this valuable and instruct-
ive testimony, which might be multiplied indefi-
nitely, and conclude by quoting the characteristic
answers given by Franklin in the Federal Con-
vention, when asked: " What means would secure
the best, purest, and ablest men for judges ?"
Franklin arose and answered: "Immediate ac-
countability to the people." lie was then asked:
*' What provisions were best calculated to preserve
these men pure and able when placed in office ?"
To wlueh Franklin at once responded: " Limited
tenures, short periods in office, and immediate ac-
countability to the people." This was Democracy
in the days of Jefferson, Franklin, and Jackson.
Contrast it with the Democracy of James Buch-
anan and the so-called Democratic party of 1860,
and tell me if the doctrines of ancient Federalism
and#the teachings of the Administration party to-
day are not identical? Yet because, as individ-
uals and as a party, we will not cease to veneiate
the teaching, and be guided by the advice of the
republicans of the Revolution, but chose rather
to carry out in the administration of the Govern-
ment their convictions, which are also our own,
we are denounced as faithless to the Constitution
and the Union, by a class interest, who, by diplo-
macy and stealth, have obtained complete ascend-
ency in the old Democracy; who, though cling-
ing to the name, have changed its mission and
purpose from one of republicanism and liberty
to one of despotism and slavery. Mr. Chairman,
this class interest have for years been as dominant
in the Government as they are to-day in the old
Democratic party; and so accustomed have they
become to dictating to, and exacting obedience of,
their northern allies, that they are not a little non-
plused in finding that the members of the Repub-
lican party are made of sterner stuff, and that all
northern people are not such as Randolph de-
scribed those to be who defended the institution of
human slavery.
Sir, i come not here as the representative of a
class interest, much less to be dictated to and told
what my constitutional obligations are, by the
representatives of such an interest. I come as
the representative of a free people, who are as
loyal to the Constitution and the Union as the
same number of citizens in any other State, or in
any congressional district of the Confederacy—a
constituency who will exact of any man whom
they commission to represent them upon this
floor, not only fidelity to the Constitution and the
Union, but, above all, fidelity to freedom—a con-
stituency who will demand that no act or vote of
their Representative shall be circumscribed by the
narrow bounds that limits the geographical divis-
ion of counties which make up his congressional
district; but that m every vote he gives here he
will see to it that equal and exact justice is with-
held from no locality or State in the Union. With
this view of my duty, sir, and the obligations I
assumed when the oath of office was administered
to me, 1 cannot, and will not, knowingly give any
vote that will impair or destroy the constitutional
rights of asingle individual, much less of sovereign*
Slates. Although I am thus national, and repre-
sent a constituency who are equally national and
conservative in their views, yet 1 am denounced,
and the party to which 1 belong is denounced, as
hostile to the Union. Sir, I deny it. Never has
there a Republican uttered a disunion sentiment
on this floor orclsewhere; and no Republican has
either proposed or given a vote for any measure,
here or else whore, that would not have com-
manded the cordial support of Washington and
Jefferson, and the early fatheis of the Republic.
But we are also denounced as a sectional party;
and this charge of sectionalism has been made,
and so persistently made, by the Administration
parly, both North and South, that some people in
the country actasif they believed it; and by no one
has this charge been made with more vehemence
than by Mr. Douglas himself.
In the Illinois campaign of 1858, this was the
staple of Mr. Douglas's speeches; and Mr. Lin-
coln, our present g'dlant standard bearer, in one
of his masteily answers to Mr. Douglas, after
replying to and refuting the charge, made the fol-
lowing lemarkable prediction, which hay been
fully realized by the action of the Charleston con-
vention :
"J ask his [Mr. Douglas's] attention, al<o, to the fact
that, by the rule of nationality, he is himself fast becoming
sectional. I ask his attention to the fact that his speeches
would not go as current now, south of the Ohio uvei.as they
have formerly gone there. I ask his attention to the fact
that he felicitates himself to-day that all the Demociats of
the free State< aie agreeing with him. If he has not thought
of this, I commend to hi* consideuition the evidence ot his
own declaration, on this day, of lit* becoming sectional too.
i see it rapidly approaching. Whatever mitj be the result
of this ephemeral contest between Judge and my-
self, I see the day rapidly approaching when ins pill of sec-
tionalism, which lie has been thrusting down the thioats
of Republicans lot yeais pa&t, will be "crowded down ius
own throat/5
But it has been claimed that we were a sectional
party, because we had no Representative of the
Republican party on this floor from a slavehold-
ing State, while the Administration paity have a
few allies from the free States. Let me say, in
all fairness, to southern gentlemen, that if the
northern Representatives on this floor, who sup-
port this Administration, openly avowed the pro-
slavery doctrines m their own States which are
daily uttered here by four fifths of their party,
without rebuke from them, the places ''which
now know them would know them no more for
ever." A majority of those who are now upon
this floor from the Worth, claiming affiliation with
the so-called Democratic party, obtained their
places by us impassioned appeals to the people in
favor of free institutions and free States as was
ever made by Republicans, and by insisting
that they were not only hostile to slavery exten-
sion, but that they were even better friends offree-
dom than the most ultra member of the Repub-
lican party. But let me add further, that if the
Republicans, and those opposed to slavery in the
free States, were to forbid by law and by mob
violence, as southern States have done, the free
exercise of the elective franchise, and the discus-
sion, either through the press or on the stump, of
the principles of the so-called Democratic party,
you would not have, to-day, an ally upon this
floor, except, perhaps, from one or two districts,
in all the northern States. Only because of this
toleration and respect for the constitutional obli-
gations which are binding alike upon every State,
are there any supporters of the Administration
party upon this floor from the entire North. If
the same system of tyranny and terrorism pre-
vailed against the minority in the free States that
in the southern States is universal toward us, no
Chief Magistrate could again be elected rcpre-
i senting the special interest of a sectional party, as
! was done in 1856.
It is only our toleration of the freedom of speech
and of the press that permits even the existence
of a party to-day among us, which, in the name
of Democracy, sends representatives here who
covertly support, apologize for, and defend the
most extravagant demands of the slave power.
Yet the charge is made and repeated, again and
again, upon this floor, that wc are not only a scc-
tional party, but that we disregard and trample
upon the Constitution which we are sworn to
support. I ask gentlemen to make their charges
more specific, and not to deal so indiscriminately
in generalities. I ask them to point out the pro-
posed policy, or any vote that has been given by
the representatives of the Republican party, as a
body, in this House or in any Congress since the
Republican party was organized, that is violative
of any of the constitutional rights of any section
of the Union. I know of no vote they have given,
or of any pioposition they have made, that would
not have commanded the support of Washington
and Franklin, of Jay and Jefferson, of Adams
and Madison; and I am content to follow in the
footsteps of such men, and accept their interpret-
ation of the Constitution rather than the so-called
! interpretation of the Supreme Court. Sir, indis-
| criminate, wholesale charges, such as have been
> repeated with so much vehemence upon this floor,
come with a poor grace from the representatives
of States that openly trample upon and disregard
not only the plainest provisions of the national
Constitution, but the obligations due from the
citizens of one civilized country to the citizens of
another.
The Constitution guaranties the freedom of
speech and of the press, and provides expressly
that " the citizens of each State shall be entitled
to all the privileges and immunities of citizens in
the several States;" and are not these plain pro-
visions of the Constitution daily violated th rough-
out;the entire South ? Can a citizen of any State
speak or publish the sentiments of Washington
and Jefferson and Henry upon the question of
slaveryin the southern States? Can he even re-
side in or pass through those States and be free
from danger of personal violence at the hands of
infuriated mobs ? The history of the country for
the past few years gives a full answer to the ques-
tion. In many of the States, the severest legis-
lative enactments have been passed against the
liberty of speech and of the press; the United
States mails are even rifled, and private corre-
spondence subjected to a censorship not tolerated
in the monarchies of Europe. States that were
most violent in their hostility to the alien and se-
dition laws, have, by a strange combination of
events,become the enactors of sedition laws them-
selves, and mob violence has become so common
that it is now regarded as the settled policy of the
dominant party in the South, wherever they have
the numerical force, thus to punish and overawe
their political opponents.
But not only are the plainest provisions of the
national Constitution thus violated, and the com-
ity due from one State to another, and from the
citizen of one State to the citizen of another, dis-
regarded, but laws are absolutely passed making
odious discriminations in favor of persons who
