794
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
relief of Francis Dainese; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs.
IMPROVEMENT 03? TAUNTON RIVER.
Mr. BUFFIKTON introduced a bill for the
improvement of the Taunton river, in the State
of Massachusetts; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
WEST POINT CADETS.
Mr. BUFFINTON submitted the following reso-
lution •, which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the standing Committee on Military Af-
fairs be instructed to inquire into the expediency of regu-
lating by law the term of study for cadets in the Military
Academy at West lJoint.
CHARLES STEARXES.
Mr, DAWES. A few days ago, one of my
colleagues [Mr. Delano] gave notice of a bill for
the relief of Charles Stearnes. He has-been called
home, and left the bill with me; and I now desire
to introduce it.
The bill was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Claims.
s ^ INVALID PENSIONS.
Mr. FENTON introduced a bill concerning in-
valid pensions, and regulating the time of their
commencement; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
REVOLUTIONARY CLAIMS.
Mr. FENTON also introduced a bill to provide
for the settlement of the claims of the officers and
soldiers of the revolutionary army, and the chil-
dren of those who died in service; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
CENTRAL PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. FENTON also introduced a bill to secure
the construction of a central Pacific railroad; which
was read a first and second time.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I would inquire of the
Chair whether, under the resolution under which
we are now acting, a gentleman has a right to
introduce more than one bill?
The SPEAKER. He has not, if objection be
made.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Then I object.
Mr. CURTIS. I ask for the reading of the
resolution under which we are acting.
Mr. GROW. The resolution expressly says,
" bills and resolutions."
Mr. HOUSTON. The decision of the Chair
is right. There is no doubt about that. As the
resolution is silent as to the number of bills which
one member may introduce, you must refer back ,
to the existing rule of the House upon the sub- I
juct, which will show that the Chair is right, and i
that no member can introduce more than one bill |
if objection is made. i
Mr. FENTON. The resolution expressly says, !
" bills and resolutions."
Mr. REAGAN. The resolution speaks for
itself. The object was to allow members to get
in their bills.
Mr. GROW. The reading of the resolution
will show that it was intended to allow a member
>to introduce more than a single bill, and it sus-
pends the rules entirely. I ask that it may be read.
The CLERK read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That on Wednesday, at one o'clock, the
Speaker shall call the State-* and Territories, commencing
with the State of Maine, and upon such call, member? may
introduce bills and resolution^ of which picvious notice
shall have been given, for inference only.
The SPEAKER. Under that resolution, the
gentleman from New York, in the opinion of the
Chair, has a right to introduce this bill.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I withdraw my objection.
Mr. FENTON. I move that the bill be referred
to a special commiueo oi fifteen, to hi> onpointed
by the Speaker. _ 1
Mr. CURRY. I rise to a question of order.
The point of order which 1 desire to submit to the
Chair is, that under the resolution which has been
adopted, a special committee cannot now be au-
thorized. It has to go to a standing committee
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 think the
point of order is well taken.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is not aware of
any difference between a select committee and a
standing committee.
Mr. FENTON* The Speaker u not called
upon to appoint any committee now. Tile mo-
tion is simply to refer the bill to a select commit-
tee.
Mr. CURRY. It requires, I believe, a special
order to authorize the appointment of a special
committee; and under the existing resolution, no
•such action, 1 believe, can be taken by the House
a the present time.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York proposes to make an order organizing a
special committee.
Mr. CURRY. Under the resolution which has
been adopted, that proposed order of the gentle-
man from Xpw York must go to a committee.
Mr. CURTIS. The gentleman from Alabama
can move to refer the bill to a standing commit-
tee; and then the vote must first be taken on re-
ferring it to the standing committee; and then, if
that motion fails, on referring it to a special com-
mittee. I hope the House will now entertain the
motion of the gentleman from New York. This
is as good a time as we shall have to settle the
question.
Mr. GROW. I rise to a question of order. I
must object to debate. •
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. One thing
is very evident, that, if we go into this matter
now, we shall never get through with the call of
the States.
Mr. CURTIS. 1 hope that we shall come to a
vote at once; first on referring the bill to a stand-
ing committee, and then to a special committee.
I am myself in favor of its reference to a special
committee.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the mo-
tion of the gentleman from New York to refer the
bill to a special committee of fifteen.
Mr. BURNETT. I rise to a question of order.
If I understand the resolution under which the
House is now acting, it is a special order. That
special order authorizes gentlemen to introduce
bills and resolutions, which may IJB referred to a
committee without debate. That I understand
to be the order, from the reading of the resolution.
That being the case, I submit to the Speaker that
it is not 111 order for the gentleman from New
York to introduce a bill and move to refer it to a
special committee. That must necessarily pro-
duce debate, as it has done already; and it is in
violation of the order passed by tne House au-
thorizing a call of the States for bills and resolu-
tions.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman from New York will withdraw his
proposition. It must be evident that if we go
into this matter, we can never get through with
the cal]; and those gentlemen representing States
which are low down on the list will have 110 op-
portunity of introducing their bills and resolu-
tions.
Mr. BURNETT, f ask for a decision of the
Chair upon my point of order. j
_Mr. SHERMAN. I ask for the reading of the |
47th rule, which I think will settle this matter, if ■.
we are governed by the rules. !
Mr. HOUSTON. That is not what we are !
governed by. !
Mr. FLORENCE. Wc are governed by the
resolution.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Clerk will read the
rule and the resolution in conncction with each
other, there will be no difficulty, I think.
The Clerk read the 47th rule, as follows:
V\ hen a resolution shall be offered, or a motion made, to
refer any subject, and different committees shall be pro-
posed. the qne>tiO o]]iilI be taken in the following order :
The Committee of the Whole Hnu-e on the state of the
Imon ; the Committee of the Whole House; a stand in"
coinniitt-'e ; a select committee. 0
Mr. SHERMAN. Now, the spccial order is,
that bills and resolutions may bo introduced for
reference. How? Reference under the rules.
Welt, it is ill Older, under the rules, to refer to a
special committee, to a standing committee, or to
a Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. REAGAN. The gentleman does notreach,
however, the real point of the difficulty. We are
now acting under a special order for the introduc-
tion and reference of bills.
Mr. GROW. I must rise to a point of order.
If debate is permitted, we cannot get through with
the call of the States. I therefore raise the point
of order, that no debate is in order.
Mr. REAGAN. I have only to say that if a
committee is raiset by the introduction and refer-
ence of that paper, it is clearly in direct violation
of the rules of the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. I think the rules to which
the gentleman from Texas refers are of a gum-
elasticchaiacter. They have been stretched to suit
several cases, and I do not know why they cannot
to meet this.
Mr. FLORENCE. I trust the Speaker will not
permit any such gum-elastic construction to b,e
given to it. I am upon the floor, and I propose to
debate the proposition of the gentleman from New
York if he insists upon it. I do not know what
it is, but I object to any proposition being sprung
upon the House in this way.
Mr. CURRY Do I understand that the Chair
overrules the point of order which I raised 5
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point raised by the gentleman. The Chair thinks
the motion of the gentleman from New York is in
order.
Mr. CURRY. Then I move to refer the bill to
the Committee on Roads and Canals.
The SPEAKER. That motion is in order.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. _ I appeal from the
decision of the Chair. I do it in perfect good
faith; and I wish to say aword upon the appeal.
Mr. GROW. The resolution cuts off all de-
bate.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I wish merely to
call the attention of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Sherman] to the language of the 47th rule, which
he has read. It is, that
'•The committees shall be propounded in the folloivimr
Older: the Committee of the Whole Hone on the state of
the Ij'tiinn; til" Committee of the Whole House ; a standing
committee; a select committee."
The language of the rule points only to com-
mittees which are already in existence.
Mr. CURRY. Certainly not to any others.
Mr. JOHNCOCHRANE. Now, the language
of the resolution under which we are acting, re-
fers to oneaction,a$d one only, that is reference.
The motion of my colleague from New York pro-
poses two actions—first, the creation of a com-
mittee not now in existence; and second, the ief-
erence of this bill to that committee.
Mr. GROW, r must rise to a question of or-
der. No debate is in order under this resolution.
The gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Curry] has
moved to refer this bill to the Committee on Roads
and Canals; which being a standing committee,
the question must be'first put upon it, under the
rules.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. The question is
first upon my appeal, and it was to that I was
speaking.
Mr. GROW. No debate is in order upon that.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Under rule 2,
debate is in order upon the appeal.
Mr. GROW. We are acting under a special
order, which was adopted under a suspension of
the rules, and suspends all rules. One provision
of that special order is, that there shall be no de-
bate; and there can be no debate upon an appeal,
of course.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon the
appeal taken from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I withdraw the
appeal.
Mr. BURNETT. I renew the appeal.
Mr. FENTON. I will withdraw the motion
in reference to a select committee, and move to
refer the bill to the Committee 011 Military Af-
fairs.
Mr. BURNETT. Then I withdraw mv ap-
peal.
The SPEAKER. Doqs the gentleman from
Alabama insist upon his motion to refer the bill
to the Committee 011 Roads and Canals?
Mr. CURRY. No, sir; 1 withdraw it.
The bill was then referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
NEW Y011K BRANCH MIXT.
Mr. BRIGGS introduced a bill to establish a
branch mint in the city of New York; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
LOT HALL.
Mr. SPAULDING introduced a bill for the
relief of the heirs of Lot Hall; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com- •
mittee of Claims.
