2758
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
Dished the necessary proofs of service, on which
the Pension Office issued a certificate for $550; but
he died five days before the date of the issue of
the certificate, thereby preventing his heirs from
receiving the benefit of it.
Mr. BAYARD. I want to know-how is this
money to be paid. The bill ought to be suffi-
ciently distinct to Gnable the officers to give the
proper construction to it. If you direct the money
to be paid to the children and heirs-at-law, sup-
pose there are grandchildren, do you mean to say
that they shall receive the money equally with the
children, or thatthey shal 1 be represented per stirpes
in the distribution ? According to the general rule
of law, as I understand it, under such a bill as
this, they would come in equally with the chil-
dren. I only want to know what the object of
the Senate is in the distribution of the money. If
you mean that it shall he paid in that mode, ex-
press it so, and let there be no difficulty in its con-
struction. That is all I havq to say. I do not
desire to oppose the claim. t
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems to me that there
isnosorfof difficulty about the bill in that respect.
The money is to be paid to the " elnld or chil-
dren and heirs-at-law." The laws of the State
will settle who the heirs-at-law are. If there are
any others who come in with the children, it will
be under the statutes of the State. It seems to
me to be interposing an obstacle in the way of a
little private bill hero, that there is nothing; in the
world in. The bill is specific enough. Whom
can you pay the money to? You are bound under
this bill to pay it to the child or children and
heirs-at-law. The child or children will be the
heirs, most likely. What case does the Sen-
ator suppose? He supposes there arc grand-
children. Very weil; the statutes of the State
regulate how grandchildren shall take. They do
in my State,and, probably, in all the States. In
the case of grandchildren, they take the part that
would come to then1 parents. That is the law in
most of the States of the Union. There is no
sort of difficulty about the bill in that respect. I
do not think we need go into an investigation of
the question of descents. The bill is clear enough.
It is simply to pay to the children of a deceased
revolutionary pensioner what ho was entitled to.
but did not get.
Mr. BAYARD. The honorable Senator may
tell me that the laws of the State will regulate it;
but 1 do not see how they can as to the construc-
tion of this act, for it is an act of Congress. Ac-
cording to my judgment—I may be mistaken in
all this, but such is my opinion—if the bill passes,
and there were fi ve grandchildren of a deceased
child, and three children surviving, the grand-
children would take equal shares with the three
children. They would not take by representa-
tion; but they would take per capita, under the
language of the bill. That, however, it seems to
me, is riot the intention.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
ISAAC S. SMITH.
Mr SIMMONS. Now I ask that the bill which
"was laid aside a few minutes ago be taken up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill (H.
R. No. 231) for the relief of Isaac S. Smith, of
Syracuse, New York, will now be read. It is be-
fore the Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
When the bill was last up, the reading of the
report was called for.
Mr. SIMMONS. Tim report is a pretty long
one; and I hope the Senator from Oregon will
waive his objection.
Mr. LANE. The Senator from Virginia told
us that it was necessary to have an executive ses-
sion. The time has now arrived when Senators
all around, I believe, agreed that we should have
one.
Mr. SIMMONS. I hope it will be waived until
we get through with this bill.
Mr. LANE. I move that we proceed to the
consideration of executive business.
The motion was not agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 13, noes 21.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The report will
be read.
The Secretary jiroceeded to read the report.
Mr. LANE. The report appears to be a very
long one; and 1 shall not ask, so far as I am con-
cerned, that it be read. I am opposed to the bill
anyhow. I think it all wrong; and I am now as
ready to vote against it as I shall be when the
report is read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reading of
the report will be dispensed with, unless it is called
for by some Senator.
Mr. PEARCE. If the consideration of the bill
is to proceed, I desire to hear the report read. I
have never heard of the matter before.
Mr. PUGH. It seems to be a large claim, and
very much'involved; and, I think, it had better go
over to another day.
Mr. SIMMONS. I hope not.
Mr. PUGH. It wiil lead to indefinite debate,
and put off all the smaller bills. I move the post-
ponement.
The motion to postpone was not agreed to.
The Secretary proceeded to read the report.
Mr.PUGII. It seems to me that the committee
in this case have adopted an extraordinary meas-
ure of damages, such as I have never heard of
m a controversy between individuals. This is
eminently a case for the Court of Claims—one of
the very cases for which the court was made; and
I move that the bill be referred to the Court of
Claims.
Mr. TOOMBS. I wanted to make the same
suggestion. The committee in this case say that
it is a question of law, and then they choose to
go into ex parte statements, instead of sending it
to the court that we have instituted for examining
such cases. The committee say, that, as a case
between man and man, this contract would entitle
the party to damages. If so, why not send it to
the court, instead" of undertaking, on mere affi-
davits, to say this dearly appears, and that clearly
appears ? If it be, as they say, a question of law
and equity as betwixt man anu man, why do they
call upon me to decide it, when we have a tribu-
nal constituted for the purpose, and before which
both parties can be heard ? I therefore second the
motion of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. BAYARD. I understand the motion of
the honorable Senator from Ohio is to refer the
bill and papers to the Court of Claims. I think
that is the legitimate course. This is a case
founded upon contract, and we have given to that
court jurisdiction, as the law stands, with refer-
ence to all matters of contract. If the party has
a claim under that contract, let us have the evi-
dence on both sides. If, as the report states, the
Light-House Boaid have vacated this contract,
and there were all of these grounds of equity ex-
isting, it is enough to show me that it ought to be
investigated on both sides. It is a case of contract
under the law, of which undoubtedly that court
has jurisdiction. If it be, as the committee allege,
that between man and man he could have made
this claim, and they could not have annulled the
contract, then, I think, the Court of Claims cer-
tainly on no principle Will annul the contract, if
the facts are proved. I hope the case will be sent
to the Court of Claims, or else there is no use in
establishing the court.
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 desire to say that this case
has undergone a very serious investigation two or
three times, and has been favorably reported upon
in the House; and if you send this man to the
court, before he gets it through the Courtof Claims
the whole of it will be exhausted. There is most
satisfactory cvidencefrom the Department accom-
panying the bill, that this work was performed
diligently, and that he lost this money by having
the contract broken in upon. It is a perfectly
equitable claim; but it is destroyed altogether 
Mr. PUGH. The Senator will permit me to
ask him a question, as he seems to have indorsed
this House report. Where did ho ever find such
a rule of damages as applied to individuals? The
committee of the House say that is the rule be-
tween individuals. If it be so, I confess myself,
as a lawyer, wholly, utte'rly, at fault.
Mr. SIMMONS. What rule do you speak of?
Mr. PUGH. The rule by which they esti-
mated $17,000, and gave this man a salary for at-
tending to his own business.
Mr. SIMMONS. If t.he Senator will indulge
me a minute, this man was to have, under this
contract, §40,000. He made an account to the
Light-House Board for the expenses he actually
paid out; and after he had worked on it two years
and nine months, and got it very nearly completed,
they broke the eoiitiact—rescinded it; and he
charged for his time just what the Government
paid him when he was on the breakwater at Buf-
falo; but the committee have cut it down three
fourths. Now, if that man—a man of intelli-
gence, a man of great skill—expended that labor,
1 ask if he ought not to be paid for the time he
actually worked on this light-house ? That is the
only rule I know of. There are no other damages
allowed him. He has been allowed just what he
has expended, and $1,500 a year for his time.
Mr. MASON. I suggest to the Senator to allow
the vote to be taken, or I shall bo obliged to move
to postpone it, in order that we may go into ex-
ecutive session.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
rick in the chair.) The question is on the motion
of the Senator from Oiiio, to refer this bill to the
Court of Claims.
Mr. SIMMONS. I trust that motion will be
withdrawn to enable us to vote on the bill.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on &0
division—ayes 20, noes 16.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. MASON. I move now that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. BINGHAM. There is a bill in reference
to a land claim at the Sault Ste. Marie, which I
should like to ask the Senator from Virginia to
allow me to take up and have passed. It will
take but an instant. I have been trying for some
time to get it up.
Mr. MASON. I should be very much grati-
fied to comply with the wish of the Senator, but
I am really not at liberty to do it. The pressure
upon me is such that I am iiot at liberty to yield
any further. I regret it very much.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened.
WILLIAM A. WINDER;
Mr. PUGH. I hope I shall have the consent
of the Senate to allow me to introduce a bill, with-
out previous notice, for the relief of William A.
Winder. It is the case we had under discussion
to-day.
There being no objection, leave was granted to
introduce a bill (S. No. 500) for the relief of Lieu-
tenant William A. Winder, of the United States
Army; which was read twice by its trtle.
Mr. PUGH. 1 hope the bill will be put on its
passage now. We all understand it.
There being noobjection, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill, which authorizes the accounting officers of
the Treasury to credit the account of Lieutenant
William A. Winder, of the United States Army,
with the sum of $100, it being the amount he had
in his possession on board of the steamer San
Francisco in the month of December, 1853, when
that steamer was lost, together with that amount
of money, and which now stands charged against
him upon the books of the Treasury, it having
belonged to the recruiting fund of the United
States Army.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
ORDER OP BUSINESS.
Mr. HUNTER. I am anxious to take up the
Army bill in order that we may adjourn upon it,
and J hope that we may be" able to take a vote, it
we take it up at twelve o'clock, at least by two
o'cfock to-morrow. I hope everybody will be
here, so that there will be a full Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before that is done, I ask
the Senator from Virginia to allow me to take up
a little bill that was passed over to-day. I could
not find the papers at the time. It is a bill to give
a pension of eight dollars a mouth to Webster S.
Steele. The report is no longer than your finger.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Virginia yield to the Senator from Illi-
nois?
Mr. HUNTER. If that is the only request, I
will yield.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is the only one I have.
Mr. HUNTER. I see that there are a good
many Senators who have bills. I hope the Sen-
ator will excuse me. Let us take up the Army
bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. You do not desire to press
it this evening?
