1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
795
HUDSON RIYER IMPROVEMENT.
Mr. DUELL introduced a bill making an ap-
propriation for the improvement of the navigation
of the Hudson river, at or near Albany, in the
State of New York; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS IN ALBANY.
Mr. DUELL also introduced a bill to provide
for the cro&tion of a building in the city of Al-
bany, in the State of New York, for the accom-
modation of the post office, custom-house, and
the courts of the United States; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
BIENNIAL REGISTER FOR 1859.
Mr. SPINNER submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire whether, m the compilation o{ the Bien-
nial Kegister for 1859, the law has boon complied with which
lequires that the said Register shall contain " correct hits
of afl officers and agents, civil, military, and naval, m the
borvior of the United States," and shallu exhibit the amount
of pay, compensation, and emolument* allowed to each offi-
cer, agent, and clerkand especially whether the amount
of pay, compensation and emoluments allowed tothcpo<t-
mastcrs in the principal cities is corrcctly set forth ; also,
•whether the names and number of persons employed as
lettei-carriersin the laiser cities, and their pay and emolu-
ments, are correctly exhibited in said Register, and whether
any further legislation is necessary in order to secure a
faithful compliance with the law on this subject; and that
said committee have power to send for persons and papeis,
to examine witnesses under oath, and to report bj bill oi
otherwise.
DESTRUCTION OF INCENDIARY DOCUMENTS.
Mr. DUELL submitted the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Postmaster General be, and he h
hereby, requested to communicate to thu Ilou.sc. at the
earliest piacticable period, copies of any and all regulations
of the Post Office Department, or instructions issued to
postmasters authorizing them to open and de«tioy letter,
and riuwspapers supposed to contain incendiary matter,
together with copies of nil correspondence between the
Department and the authouties ot any State, or between
the Depaitment and any postmaster in relation thereto ; and
that he communicate to this House whether knowledge has
come to the Post Office Department that the authorities of
any State have enacted law,- requiring postmasters to open
and burn such letter* and newspaper-* or other documents
as may be, in their opinion, incendiary, and what States
have enacted such laws.
Mr. BURNETT. I propose to debate that
resolution.
The SPEAKER. The resolution cannot be
adopted if the gentleman objects to it.
Mr. BURNETT. I object.
Mr. DUELL. I move, then, that the resolu-
tion be referred to the Committee on the Post
Office nnd Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
PROTECTION or FEMALE PASSENGERS.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE introduced a bill to
amend an act entitled " An act to regulate the
carriage of passengers in steamships or other ves-
sels," approved March 3,1855, for the better pro-
tection of female passengers and other purposes;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
COLLECTION DISTRICTS OF THE CNITED STATES.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE also introduced a
bill establishing the collection districts of the Uni-
ted States and designating the ports of entry and
delivery for the same, and regulating the appoint-
ment and compensation of officers of the customs;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
CODIFICATION OP THE REVENUE LAWS.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE also introduced a
bill for the simplification and codification of the
existing" revenue laws of the United States, and
for other purposes; which was l-ead a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
RESOLUTIONS OF PENNSYLVANIA.
Mr. CAMPBELL presented the following res-
olutions adopted by the Legislature of the State
of Pennsylvania;
'■ Wlierefls The operation of the ptesent revenufi laws of
the General Government i-s rapidly increasing the national
<~debt, enppling the cneigies. ot the nation, letardin? public
■* improvements, destrovinu industrial enterprise, diminish-
ing the value of property, depriving the people ofprofitable
employment by encouraging excessive importation of for- |
eign goods and other pi oduets of foreign labor, which ought i
to be produced by our own people, and piolonging a ftnan- !
cial crisis caused by excessive loreign trade: and whereas i
an immediate alteration of the law* relative to the duties
upon imports is imperatively demanded, to inspire confi-
dence, replenish the national Treasury, restore the public
prosperity, and picvent the constant export of American
gold, now annually amounting to the enormous sum of
$70,000,000: Therefore,
"Resolved, by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, in the General Assem-
bly met, That our Senators in Congress be instructed, and
our Representatives requested, to earnestly endeavor, by
their votes and influence, to procure buch a revision of the
revenue laws as will restore the national credit, prevent
excessive importation of foieign products, and secure to
American labor and enterprise an ample reward.
"Resolved, That the views of the Governor of this Com-
monwealth, as expressed in his last annual message, in
favor of placing the revenue laws upon such a basis as to
afford to our great mining and manufacturing interests the
laigct-'t incidental protection, and to substitute the specific
for ad valorem duties on articles which, from their nature, j
are of equal or nearly equal value, or to change the foreign
to a home valuation, are eminently sound and practical,
and meet the approval of the Legislature.
^Resolved, That the Governor be requested to forward to
each ol our Senators and Members ot Congress a copy of
the foregoing resolutions."
Mr  CAMPBELL. I move that the resolutions
be referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. T understand that |
they are nothing; in the world but resolutions i
adopted by the Legislature of the State of Penn- j
sylvania; and I would like to know what destina- i
tion is to be given to them r '
The SPEAKER. They will go to the Com- ■
mittec of Ways and Means. j
Mr. GROW. They come in under the resolu- j
tion we have adopted.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is correct.
The resolutions were referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means.
i'UIiLIC LANDS ACTUAL SETTLERS.
Mr. GROW introduced a bill to prevent the
sale of public lands, except to actual settlers, for
ten years after the same shall have been surveyed;
which was read a first and second time, and! re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
ADMISSION OF KANSAS.
Mr. GROW also introduced a bill for the ad-
mission of Kansas into the Union; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Territories.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I should like to
know how that bill came ho re ft*
Mr. GR.OW. I gave notice of it about a week
ago, and I now introduce it under the resolution
we have adopted.
HOMESTEADS TO ACTUAL SETTLERS.
Mr. GROW also presented a bill to secure
homesteads to actual settlers upon the public do-
main; which was read a first ana second time, and
referred to the Committee on Agriculture.
CLAIMS AGAINST THE UNITED STATES.
Mr. GROW also introduced a bill to amend the
<£ Act to establish a court for the investigation of
claims against the United States," so as to permit
creditors of the Government to sue in the courts of
the United States; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on the
Judicary.
FRENCH SPOLIATIONS.
Mr. FLORENCE introduced a bill to provide
for the ascertainment and satisfaction of claims of
American ciMzons, for spoliations committed by
the French prior to the 31st of July, 1801; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
PENSIONS TO CERTAIN OFFICERS AND SOLDIERS.
Mr. FLORENCE also introduced a bill grant-
ing pensions to the officers and soldiers of the war
with Great Britain of 1812, and those engaged in
Indian wars during that period; which was read
a first and second time.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. STANTON. I move that that bill be
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. FLORENCE. I think it should be com-
muted to the Committee on Invalid Pensions. It
originated there.
Mr. McKN IGHT. Memorials upon this sub-
ject hove been referred to the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, and this bill o.ught to be sent
th e re.
Mr. FLORENCE. That is so; and I have
moved that it be referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. If tHobill provides
only for pensions for those who were injured in
the service, that would be the proper reference;
but if it is a general bill, it should certainly go to
the committee referred to by the gentleman from
Ohio.
Mr. FLORENCE. I have but very little feel-
ing about it, but it seems to me that I have indi-
cated the proper direction to be given to this bill.
Mr. STANTON. ^At the last session of Con-
gress this subject was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs; and that is the proper direc-
tion to be given to this bill.
Mr. CURRY. I think it should go to the
Committee on Expenditures.
Mr. FLORENCE. I will say to the gentle-
mon from Ohio, that the Committee on Invalid*
Pensions reported the bill last session.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs u[5t>n
the motion of Mr. Stanton tp refer the bill to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I call for a divis-
ion of the House upon that motion.
Mr. FLORENCE. I introduced the bill, and
moved that it be referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, and I would like to know how
the gentleman from Ohio got the floor to move to
! refer the bill to the Committee on Military Affairs"
I The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from Ohio was considered by the Chair in
the nature of an amendment. Is a division called
for?
Mr. STANTON. I desire a division.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers; and appointed
jj Messrs. Junkin and Stevenson.
ij The House was divided; and the tellers re-
1 ported—ayes 46, noes 49; no quorum voting.
Mr. FLORENCE called for the yeas and nays.
! Mr. WASHBURN, 0{ Maine. I ask that there
be a recount by the tellers.
j Mr. FLORENCE. Well, I have no objection
I to that. I withdraw the call for the yeas and nays,
i The tellers resumed their places.
| Mr.FENTON. I hope this bill will be referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. STANTON. I hope no such thing will
be done. It was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs last year, and was reported from
that committee.
j The House again divided; and the tellers re-
1 ported: ayes 75, noes 50.
' Mr. FLORENCE. I call for the yeas and nays.
I consider this reference equivalent to the defeat
of the bill; and acting under that impression, I
think we ought to have the opportunity to have
a test vote upon it now.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I rise,to a point of
order. There is no debate ill order.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs.
Mr. STANTON. I wish to make a personal
explanation about this matter.
Mr. FLORENCE. Let the gentleman explain.
I hope he may be able to do so.
Mr. STANTON. I am told that probably trhe
bill which was acted on last year was referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions; but 1 know
that the matter was before the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs.
ARMY, NAVY, AND MARINE PENSIONS.
Mr. FLORENCE introduced a bill to equalize
the Army, Navy, and.marine pensions; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
tile Committee on Invalid Pensions.
DUTIES ON IMPORTS.
Mr. FLORENCE also introduced a bill to fix
and regulate the duties on imports, and for other
purposes; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
NAVIGATION OP THE OHIO RIVER.
Mr. MOORHEAD introduced a hill to provide
for the improvement of the navigation of the Ohio
river; which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
CHARLES KNAP.
Mr. MOORHEAD also introduced a bill for
