I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Success of the Calhoun Revolution—Mr. Ashley.
Ho;.of Reps.
tut*
outf
%/s
^mgan,
are not citizens of the United States. Thus if a
citizen of Massachusetts or New York sail into
Charleston or New Orleans, having on board col-
ored persons, who are free, and, by the laws of the
States named, are citizens, they are subject 4o
police regulations whose severity has no parallel
m any civilized nation on the face of the earth.
This is where they are citizens of one of the States
of the Confederacy, and have a constitutional guar-
antee for protection. A special provision is made,
however, to exempt all colored persons who are
subjects of Great Britain and Prance, and perhaps
other foreign Governments. Thusan odious and
unconstitutional distinction is deliberately made
against our own citizens, and in favor of the cit-
izens of foreign nations. But, worse than this,
unconstitutional enactments are passed and en-
forced which consign free citizens of the northern
States, guilty of 110 crime, to hopeless slavery.
The laws of Congress, made in conformity with
our treaty stipulations, and the enlightened senti-
ment of the civilized world, punishing the African
slave trade as piracy, arc openly disregarded, and
the power of the national Government declared to
be impotent; and yet scarcely a speech is made
upon this floor by members from these States in
winch they do not proclaim their devotion to law
and order, the decision of courts, and their fidelity
to the Constitution and the Union, which simply
means obedience to such laws as they desire en-
acted, submission to such decisions of courts as
they can dictate, and fidelity to the Constitution
and the Union so long only as they are intrusted
by the people with the administration of the Gov-
ernment and the interpretation of the Constitu-
tion. When this ceases, as I trust and believe it
will on the 4th of March, 1861, their fidelity to
law will cease; their loveof the Union will cease;
and their new-born veneration for that "august
tribunal," of which we have heard so much of
late—the Supreme Court—will also cease; and
they will be, if their threats are to be put into ex-
ecution, in open rebellion against the Government,
and enemies of the Constitution and the Union.
But, Mr. Chairman, it is also charged that be-
cause, as a party, we are opposed to the extension
and nationalization of slavery in the Republic, and
condemn the inhuman laws enacted for the main-
tenance and perpetuity of that institution, we must
of necessity favor the equality of this negro race
with our own, and desire to see them intermarry
and become one people. Sir, this cry of " negro
equality" is about all the argument now left the
northern allies of the slave power to be used in the
free States in their appeals to their constituents,
when justifying themselves for the support they
uniformly give the slave interest in Congress.
Now, sir, what are the facts on this point of
negro equality? First, the Republican party op-
pose the further spread of slavery and the increase
of political power in the hands of slaveholders,
because they believe the enslavement of one hu-
man being by another, or of one race by another,
to be one of the greatest wrongs that man or Gov-
ernment can inflict. They do not desire to see
this Government ill tin; hands of men who will
use it to favor and strengthen such a policy.
Second, they believe the enslavement of any race
by another injures the race who enslave, as well
as their victims; and that the contact of any free
people with slaves demoralizes and degrades the
free people. In support of this proposition, I
appeal to the history of the world for six thousand
years to sustain me. But if all the past were a
blank; if all history was silent, and slavery^ was
unknown to man until the inauguration ot this
Government, and all we know about it and its
blasting and blighting effects was what we 4iave
learned by sad experience in the United States, 1
think even here, we would have just cause to de-
sire not only its exclusion from ail new States and
Territories, but its final extinction on every foot
of soil over which our national Constitution ex-
tends. This was the hope, the expectation, and
the prayer of the illustrious men who achieved
oyf independence and made our Constitution.
Sir, the charge of " negro equality" and " amal-
gamation" comes with a very bad grace, fiom
either the northern or southern wing of this pio-
slavery party; and, in order that f may not be
misquoted and misunderstood in what I propose
to offer on this point, let me say, right here, that
while I shall condemn in unmistakable terms the
institution of slavery as a social and political sys-
tem, and the crime of amalgamation, which is in-
separable from it, I exempt with pleasure, from
any sweeping denunciations which I may make,
thousands of good and true men, who find them-
selves born to this inheritance, and whose whole
lives give assurance to the world that their hearts
are better than the system. Intrust a class of
men in any society or Government with absolute
power over a servile race, and the bad men will
not only use it and abuse it, as I shall show, but,
by their clamorous cry of danger to the State,
will perpetrate and give sanction to outrages that
good and true men will be powerless to prevent.
It is not that southern men and slaveholders are
worse than other men, but because tliey are no
better, that it is unsafe, if it were not in itself an
indefensible wrong, to intrust them with absolute
power over any part of the human race.
And now, sir, what arc the practical effects of
slavery, as exhibited in the working out of this
much-talked-of and universally-denounced negro
equality and amalgamation of the races? Has
not slavery corrupted the blood, to say nothing
of the morals, of millions in the South ? If it has
not, whence spring the octoroons, the quadroons,
and the myriads who are tinged with the blood
of the dominant race, in every southern State?
Sir, it is in the land of slavery you must look for
amalgamation, and that terrible degrading, negro
equality, which is inseparable from such amalga-
mation. But for a negro equality all over tile
South, that must be nameless here, there would
be no blue-eyed, light-liaircd octoroons, the chil-
dren and descendants of African slaves, in every
southern city,and m every neighborhood, appeal-
ing to the liberal, as we see them almost daily
here in this capital, asking for aid to purchase
their right to that which God gave not only them,
but to all the human race, the right to themselves.
Sir, than Mormon polygamy, about which even
southern Representatives profess to be so shocked,
this crime of southern amalgamation is worse;
for while the Mormon system is voluntary, and
must have the sanction of a public church ordi-
nance and the full and unqualified assent of the
first wife, and the children be entitled to all the
rights of protection and property which is se-
cured to the children of die first marriage, this
southern system is an involuntary, forced, and
revolting concubinage, from which there is no es-
cape, if the victim desires it, there being no law
to punish the aggressor. And sir, the offspring
of this criminal negro equality are slaves. If there
was a law to punish such crimes, the testimony
of slaves could not with safety be admitted; for
if such were the case, and the penalty attached
should be the liberation of all slave mothers and
their children, as it ought to be, whose fathers
were white men, then Wilmot provisoes and fur-
ther opposition to slavery would be a useless
occupation with the people of the North. The
institution would fall by the fascinating graces
and seductive power of these black dulcineas, be-
fore whose irresistible charms the aristocracy and
plebeians of the South alike appear to bow.
Sir, it is only in the land of slavery where this
crinicistolerated. There it is unrestrained. There
alone it is cherished; and if slavery continues, it
must become universal, blighting and corroding
the life-blood of the nation by eradicating from
the heart of man all love for his own offspring,
and filling the land with slaves who are the chil-
dren of the dominant race. How frightful has
been the progress and increase of this desolating
and destroying evil! Sir, do you suppose there
is one southern State, nay, one congressional dis-
trict, in all the slave States of this Union, in which
slaveholders do not own and sell their own chil-
dren > where they do not see them toil daily
beneath the lash of a taskmaster, and see them
driven in coffle gangs to the southern market—
their sons to tile shambles, and their daughters
to the hells of southern cities? But it may, and
probably will, be claimed that these octoroons and
quadroons are not the children of the masters, but
that they are the children of the poor whites. I
care not, Mr. Chairman, whose they may be, the
fact of their existence is evidence of the crime;
and the further fact that the law-makers, who are
always slaveholders in all the southern States, do
not punish the crime by law, as they would if
they desired to restrain xt, is certainly a circunv-
stance not very favorable to their own innocence.!
Sir, go in to any colored church in any southern
city, and a majority of the audiencewill be of the
mixed race, many of them so white that i;t would
require a close inspection to detect tkat they were
tinctured with negro blood.
Sir, how long do you suppose this mixed race
will remain in servitude without a struggle for
their freedom ? It is impossible that it should be
long, for many of them to-day are conceded to be
smarter than their reputed fathers. If this unre-
strained southern negro equality isto benotonly
continued but encouraged, a hundred years will
not elapse—if the importation of fresh Africans
can be effectually stopped—before the last un-
mixed African slave will have disappeared before
this bleaching process of southern amalgamation.
In forty years there will be over ten million slaves
and free colored people in the presentslave States,
if they continue to increase in the same ratio that
they have done for the past sixty years. At a
moderate estimate, five million will then be of the
mixed race, many of them so white—as adver-
tisements for runaway slaves often inform us is
the case now—that " they would readily pass for
white persons." In fifty years more they "will
have increased, at the same ratio, to at leastthirty
million, and the unmixed Africans can be easily-
counted. In less than one hundred years from
to-day the slave population will have increased to 1
near forty million, numbering about eighty to
every slaveholder, and almost, if not quite, half
of these slaves, will be so white that they cannot
be distinguished from white persons. How long,
I again ask, can such a servile population of forty
million be kept in subjection by less than half
a million masters?
Sir, if so great and good a man as Wesley could
denounce this institution to the Christian people
of the world "as the sum of all villainies," I, who
have witnessed some of its brutality and felt its
tyranny, may, without impropriety, pronounce
it, as I now do, to be the sum of all barbarisms,
for whose continuance and further spread over
the Territories of the nation, the people of the
United States, both North and South, will be held
responsible ill history and before God.
Sir, no lover of his country and the human race
can contemplate this picture without a shudder.
And because the Republican party are opposed to
amalgamation, and what is called "negro equal-
ity," they are opposed to the extension and per-
petuity of slavery in the Government, and favor,
as Jefferson did, the emancipation and separation
of the raccs. And I am satisfied that one of the
most feasible and practical plans suggested for
the separation of these races, is to purchase ter-
ritory in Central or South America, as proposed
by Hon. P. P. Blair, jr., of Missouri. _ In speak-
ing of this subject before the Mercantile Library
Association of Cincinnati, in November, 1859,
Mr. Blair said;
" It ix this race of men to whom I would extend ourlaws,
our power, and our influence, to the tropics of America,
and make u- wentth tributary to our commerce, requiting
us a thousand fold lor every sacrifice it would cost; expi-
ating the error of their enslavement by giving the enfran-
chised bondmen free homesteads andlrec government; re-
moving from our midst tile prolific cause of bitterness
between biethren; brushing away an institution- whose
malign influence brings desolation wherever it Is found,
and avenges tile wiong done to the subject race by the evil
it inflicts upon the wrong doer."
This was substantially the theory of Mr. Jef-
ferson. He believed, as the Republican party be-
lieve, that this plan would give practical effect to
the true theory of our Government.
In a letter to Mr. Sparks on this subject, he
says:
"The second object, and the most interesting to lis, as
couiing home to our physical and mural characters, to our
happiness and safVty, is to provide an asylum, to which we
can, by decrees, send the whole of that population [the ne-
groes] from among us, and establish tliem under our pat-
ronage and piotection, as a separate, free, and independent
people, in some country and climate friendl\ to human life
and happiness."
And again, when urging a similar proposition
upon the attention of the Legislature of Virginia,
he says:
a It has, however; been found that the public mind would
not yet bear the proposition, nor will it even at this day;
yet the day is not far distant when it must bear it and adopt
