3*4
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 29,
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Success of the Calhoun Revolution—Mr. Ashley.
Ho. OS1 Rf.ps.
it,or worse wili follow. Nothing is more certainly written
in bciok of fate than that these people (the negroe?] are
to* be tree; nor is it less certain that the two races, equally
free, cannot live in the same Government. Nature, habit,
opi.moiij.havc drawn indelible lines ot distinction between
them., It is stUlin our power to direct the process of eman-
cipation and deportation, and in such slow degree as that the
evil will wear off insensibly, and their place be, pari passu,
tilled up by free white laborers. If, on the contrary, it i3
left to forcc Itself on, human nature must shudder at the
prospect held up. We should look in vain for an example
in the Spanish deportation or deletion of the Moors."
Ip a letter to Mr. Coles, he said:
"Yetthe hour of emancipation is advancing in the march
of time. It will come; and whether brought on by the gen-
erous energies of our own minds, or by the bloody process
of St. Doin uigo, excited and conductcd by the power of our
piesent enemy, Jf once stationed permanently within our
country, ami offering osylum and arms to the oppressed, is a
leaf of our history not yet turned over."
But, sir, notwithstanding all that has been said
and wntten, and all that is being said and written
on this subject, to induce the slave power to pause
and take a practical view of this subject, they not
onlyrefusc, buttush madly on,disregarding alike
the teachings of the fathers and the warnings of
history> And to-day they claim that slavery is a
benefit to the country, and u blessing to the slave
and master as well as to the non-slavehoftfing
whites. Senator Hammond, the loader of the South
Carolina oligarchy, in speaking of the manner in
which the poor whites of that State obtained a
subsistence, a year or two since, did not draw
quite so flattering a picture of their happy condi-
, tion as has been done by southern members on
this floor. Mr. Hammond says:
"They [the poor whites] obtain a precarious subsistence
by occasional jobs, by hunting, by fishing, by plundonng
fields or fojds, and, too often, by \vhnt U in its effects Jar
worse—trading with slaves, and leading them to plunder for
their benefit."
And yet we are told that this is a desirable con-
dition of society, and that slave and poor white
alike are satisfied with it. In speaking of this
subject, one of the honorable members from South
Carolina, in a speech delivered before the organ-
ization of the House, boasted not only of the hap-
piness of the people, but of the contentment and
Iidehty of the slaves to their masters: as also of
the loyalty of the poor wliitesof the South to the
institution of shivery; and stated that out, of a
large number who volunteered to go to Virginia
and aid (Governor Wise during the John Biown
troubles, but five or six were slaveholders; and
instanced this fact as proof of their loyalty. If
it be true that they are thus loyal—and I do not
intend to controvert the fact as stated—why is it
that this class of poor whites are not permuted to
read whatever they may prefer to read, as the
slaveholders do themselves?
J will say nothing about the penal enactments,
prohibiting, by line, the lash, and imprisonment,
any and ali classes of persons—white or coloied
—whether Christian or not, from teaching then-
slaves to read or write; for such laws arc insep-
arable from the system. It is well known that
the loyalty of the slaves can only be depended on
while they are deprived of the power of commu-
nicating with each other. But if the poor whites
are loyal, why are they also proscribed? Why
are they deprived of the pleasure and profit which
they would derive from reading that staunch old
Democratic paper, the New York Evening Post;
or that invaluable paper, the New York Tribune;
Or that first of all religious journals, the New
York Independent? Why is it that they are for-
bidden to read such a book as Uncle Tonrs
Cabin, or the Octoroon, or any paper, whether
Republican or independent of party, that is un-
friendly to slavery; or even to receive and read
private letters from the free States, unless first sub-
jected to a censorship by the prmlegrd class?
There can be but one answer to these questions;
and that is a distrust on the part of the ruling
class of the fidelity of the poor w bites, and fear
of their political power, should they unite, as they
might do, and, ot any time, take possession of all
the southern State governments, and administer
them for the benefit of the whole people, instead
of permitting them to be administered as they are
to-day—exclusively for the benefit of a class
interest.
It appears, from the facts elicited during the
extraordinary discussion which was indulged in
here by southern Representatives before the or-
^akizationj thrtt many of them had read and exam-'
ined with care, some two years ago, this incendi-
ary Helper book. Now, if they had the right
to possess and read such books and papers,
why have not their constituents, the poorwhites,
the same right, by whose votes most of these
gentlemen come here, for they constitute a ma-
jority of the electors in all the southern States?
Sir, there are reasons, and good reasons, why
they should not, if the policy of the privileged
class is to be sustained and continued. The poor
whites of the South, in whose hands, if united,
resides the political power, must be kept divided,
as they arc to-day; and m order to keep them
successfully divided, and fighting their supposed
enemy, the free negro, and those who favor the
prohibition of slavery in the Territories, they
must be kept in ignorance. Hence, all that was
said, and so vehemently said, m denunciation of
Helper and his book, was said not because it was
an appeal to the slaves or free colored people to
rise in rebellion, but because its arguments and
appeals were addressed to the poor whites of the
South by one of their own number. Mr. Pryor,
of Virginia, in speaking of the characteristics of
Helper's book, said:
"What is the chaiaetcristic feature of that work? Some
gentlemen have stated that they ha\e not toad it I have
icad it, and icad it fonii; two years ago. Thoj-e gentlemen
who Ik'ivo signed it tell u i that they never saw it. I have
read it. and know aii about it; and let me tell you what
tlie characteristic distinction and leaturc o; (hat woik is ;
let me ueorin the candidate for Speaker upon tbeothei side
of the Home, ph. Shlkm^,] who seems ignoiiiut of the
production wluch he indor.-c^. It h, is not that the author
proposes that the North shall come down in an avalanche
of invasion and de^trov the tie that subaists between the
slave and his master. No,sir; that i-> familial talk. Nor
is ltthe literary execution ot the work; tor L never read a
book which is moic feeble in conception and inartistic m
execution. It is unworthy of lespectable eiitici&m."
"• But the peculiarity of that book was that Mr. Helper, for
the hr-a time in the history of this eouutry, bad invoked,
with all the powei of passion, with ail hi* limited resources
of ihetoiic, the non-Maveholders ot the South to rise in re-
bellion against the slaveholders. That was the peculiar
merit of his book.
ui\'iiw, the candidate for Speaker upon the other side
[Mr. ym.UMAN] told usyestoiday explicitly, and cited his
political record as pi oof of it. that he would not uige the
i'Ydeia) Government, not the people ot the North, to inter-
fere with the lelution* of mantel and slave. I tell him now,
again, that that is not the characteristic of the book."
Here, sir, is disclosed the real point of danger
to the ruling clays of the Sou'h—the fear of a re-
bellion on the part of those whom they now claim
as loyal subjects. A rebellion, su\ Can a people,
from whom all political authority emanates in a
republic, be classed as rebeis, for desiring to
change, in a peaceful and constitutional manner,
their law makers? If not. from whose rule is it
feared they will rebel? Their own rule'' No sir;
but a " rebellion against the slaveholders," says
Mr. Pkyok. Tins is the fear, this the danger,
the bare contemplation of which makes all slave-
dom mad. Tins is the power before which they
tiemble; and well they may; for despite their se-
dition laws and prisons and mobs, the time is
coming when God's truth cannot longer be shut
out from the minds and hearts of the non-slave-
holders and poor whites*, and when that time comes,
their power shall again be felt, and their voices
again be heard in these Halls in defense of liberty,
where now arc only heard the voices of the Rep-
resentatives of a class interest defending and jus-
tifying slavery.
•Sir, i look upon the loyalty of the slaves as a
suspicious kind of loyally, where it is necessary
; not only to keep them in ignorance, but subject
! to the most rigorous laws and inhuman physical
| punishments, in oider safely to keep them m any
j kind ot subjection. And i think the loyalty of
I the poor white man equally uncertain, when there
j is no safety or security that he will not combine
| against you, unless you shut out from his mind
I and conscience all arguments in favor of justice,
J and all appeals to his humanity. With this kind
! oi censorship, with this kind of domination, with
I this kind of despotism, are the slaves and the poor
whites of the South alike made loyal. The poor
whites of Poland and Hungary are also called loyal
by the Emperor of Austria. The poor whites of
Prance arc called loyal by the usurper of the 2d
of December. The poor whites of the South are
called ioyal because of their obedience to the man-
dates oi the ruling class, and they may be,and I
believe they are to-day, more loyal than the poor
whites of the European despotisms, to which I
have referred. They hug the chains that drag
them down, and volunteer with ahenty to sacri-
fice their lives at the bidding of this privileged
cl*ss. The slave interestintend to keep them loyal',
and in order to be doubly sure that thoy shall re-
main so, theirschool books, for what few schools
they have, their literature,their political journals,
their so-called religious periodicals, and Christian
teachers, are permitted to talk and preach and
pray-—if at all about slavery—only in favor ofits
divinity and its btessing within the hearing of
the slaves and poor whites alike. Tins is the
kind of loyalty that can only be found in despot-
isms; thekimf ofloynlty which you exact of your
northern allies. It is the kind of loyalty, let me
assure yon, which cannot flourish in the free
States; and I do not believe it can endure many
years in the slave States.
An end will and must come to such despotism,
peaceably and constitutionally, I hope; but it will
come. No human hand can stay it. No Gov-
ernment ever has existed permanently, or ever
can remain stable, that tramples deliberately and
with impunity upon the rights of humanity and
the laws of God. While 1 cannot adopt, to the
fullest oxten , the declaration of the great Irish
liberator, " that no revolution was worth one
drop of human blood"—because that would be a
condemnation of our own Revolution, and of all
j; just revolutions—yet I can say, with all my heart,
ji that 1 desne a revolution of peace; but peaceable
J1 or bloody,! believe, with Jefferson, that it will
come. The millions of the South who arc crushed
and groaning beneath this despotism—the poor
whites as well as the free and slave colored, from
the octoroon to the quadroon and the unmixed
black, if there should be any of the latter then
remaining—will one day be compelled to join
hands and shake this despotism off; or the poor
whites will first be disfranchised, then classed
socially, as they are to-day to a great extent, with
the servile race, and at last they and their chil-
dren will be melted down in the slave population
forever.
That this is the ultimate purpose of the ruling
class of the South, may be fairly adduced from
the fact that they do not hesitate to-day at en-
slaving Indians, Mexicans, Chinamen, and even
whites of American birth and unmixed blood.
Governor Hammond, of South Carolina, does not
scruple publicly to denominate free white laborers
as the "mud-sills of society;" and more than
twenty years ago asserted on the floor of Con-
gress, " that the South had less trouble with their
slaves than the North had with her free laborers,
as the iccords of <riminal justice and the news-
paper accounts of northern mobs fully showed."
Senator Masox, of Virginia, in speaking of the
free Stales, calls them "servile States,3"' because
their laborers are freemen. I might quote from
many leading men and public speakers m the
South, if time would permit, to show that these
men have no moral orreligious convictions against
enslaving any race, and that having no principles
to deter them from the commission of such a
wrong, all they want is the power, and they would
reduce, without hesitation, the entire laboring
population, of whatever racc or color, to bondage.
Twenty-five years ago this anti-Democratic
doctrine, justifying the enslavement of the labor-
ing man, of whatever race or color, was publicly
proclaimed by many of the ruling men of the
South of both the old political parties. Benjamin
Watkins Leigh,aleadingWhig statesman ot Vir-
ginia, declared, in a speech in the Virginia con-
stitutional convention of 1829, (before the anti-
slave-ry agitation had commenced in the Noith,)
that—*
u There must be some peasantry, ah the country fills
up ; there must bo more thati«, men who tend tlie herds
and dig the soil, who have neither real nor personal capi-
tal of their own', and who cam their bread by tiic sweat of
their brow*. I a«k gentlemen to say whether they be!.eve-
those who depend on then labor tor their daily subsistence
can, or ever do, enter into political affairs? They never
do, never will, never can.
No distinction of races or color is made her£k j*
But the white laborers were specially referred to
as the argument was against extending the right
of suffrage to that class. True, he did not then
propose to reducc them to chattelhood, but it is
evident that he regarded them as belonging to the
