?96
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
the relief of Charles Knap; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
INTERNATIONAL COPY-BIGHT LAW.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania, introduced a
bill to provide for an international copy-right law;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
JUDICIAL DISTRICTS IN PENNSYLVANIA.
Mr. BABBITT introduced a bill to divide the
State of Pennsylvania into three judicial districts,
and to establish a district court, to be holden in
the city of Erie; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to jjin Committee on the
Judieiary.
IMPROVEMENT OE1 ERIE HARBOR.
Mr. BABBITT also introduced a bill making
an appropriation for the protection and improve-
ment of the harbor of Erie; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
A. W. W. BAYARD.
Mr. HALE introduced a bill increasing the
pension of A. W. W. Bayard, an invalid soldier
of the war of 1812; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
POLYGAMY IN TIIE TERRITORIES.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, offered the
following resolution; which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
Resolved, TJi.it the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of prohibiting polyg-
amy in the Terntones, and so to modify the laws of Utah
as to make the future commission of that offense penal in
that Territory.
PUBLIC PRINTING.
Air. McPHERSON offered the following reso-
lution; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Printing be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of abolishing the present
system of executing the public printing, and of substituting
the lowest bidder system, with Mich gunuU will insure
the prompt and faithful performance of the contract.
SAN J CAN ISLAND.
Mr. PRYOR offered the following resolution;
which was read, considered,and agreed to:
Resolve if, That the President be lcque.^ted to communi-
cate to the House, if not incompatible with the public inter-
ests, any correspondence that may have occurted between
the Department ot State and the Government of Great
Britain, touching the occupation of the island of San Juan.
DUTIES ON TOBACCO.
Mr. PRYOR also introduced the following reso-
lution ; which was read, considered, an d agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of adopting meas-
ures with the view of procuring a leduction of the duties
imposed by foreign Governments on tiie importation of
tobacco from the United States.
RAILROAD GRANT.
Mr. BOTELER introduced a bill granting a
portion of public land to the Alexandria, Lou-
doun, and Hampshire Railroad Company, in con-
sideration of mail transportation and other ser-
vices; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
APPOINTMENT OF MIDSHIPMEN.
Mr. MILLSOK submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of authorizing the
appointment by the President, of ten liud&lupmen at lar,Te,
annualiy.
CHEROKEE TREATIES.
Mr. VANCE introduced a bill to execute the
treaties of 1817 and 1819, with the Cherokees, by
making provision for the reservations under the
same; which was read a first and second time, and j
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs. ■
THE IICERTAS CLAIM. !
Mr. ASHMORE introduced a bill to authorize '
the claimants in right of John Huertas to enter
certain landsat any land office in the United States,
being supplemental to, and in enlargement of, the
right conferred by the act of Congress approved
February 23, 1859, entitled "An act to authorize
the claimants in right of John Huertas to enter
certain lands in Florida;" which was read a first
. and-#econd time.
Mr. ASHMORE. I move that the bill be re-
ferred to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. COBB. It should go to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. ASHMORE. Private Land Claims.
Mr. COBB. The Committee on Private Land
Claims have no jurisdiction over the disposition
of public lands.
Mr. ASHMORE. It is a private claim, and
goes to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. COBB. I can only say, that it was before
the Committee on Public Lands at the last ses-
sion, and received the favorable consideration of
that committee, I believe.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Alabama desire a vote on referring the bill to the
Committee on Public Lands?
Mr. COBB. I do not care anything about it.
Mr. ASHMORE. It is strictly a private land
claim. The bill only provides that the party may
enter lands either in Florida or anywhere else—
lands for which he has already paid.
The bill was then referred to the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to make an inquiry
of the Chair. If the House should now adjourn,
would not this order of the House come up again
to-morrow, and the call of the States be con-
tinued ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That has
been the practice.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
according to the practice adopted by the Speaker
of the last Congress, when an order of this kind
is made,it continues until the next day.
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 rise to a privileged mo-
tion, before a motion is made to adjourn.
Mr. BURNETT. I believe I am on the floor,
and the gentleman cannot take thefloorfrom me.
Mr. FLORENCE. I rise to a privileged mo-
tion.
Mi. BURNETT. I am going to submit a priv-
ileged motion myself.
Mr. FLORENCE. The gentleman made an
inquiry, which the Chair answered. I merely
want to enter a motion to reconsider the vote by
which the pension bill was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Aflaiis.
Mr. BURNETT. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers on the motion:
and appointed Messrs. McPiierson, and Robin-
son of Illinois, to act as tellers.
Mr. MAYNAIID. I would like to ask whether,
if the House adjourns now, we shall continue the
execution of this order to-morrow?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has so decided.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 56, noes 31.
So the motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at four o'clock, p. m.) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 16, I860
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gcrley.
The Journal of yesterday was readandapproved.
ADMISSION OF KANSAS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The proper busi-
ness before the Senate is the motion to refer the
Wyandott constitution to the Committee on Ter-
ritories, and the question is upon the amendment
offered by the Senator from Wisconsin [Mr.
Doolittle] to the amendment of the Senator from
Mississippi, [Mr. Brown.]
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire the Secretary to
read to the Senate the amendment which 1 have
sent to the Chair in writing, as I stated my amend-
ment orally when the subject was under consid-
eration before.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
read the amendment to tlie amendment.
The Secretary read it. It is to strike out all of
the amendment of Mr. Brown, after the word
"instructions," and insert:
To report a bill for the immediate admission of Kansas
into the Union, under the constitution now presented, upon
an equal footing with the other States, it appearing that the
government provided tor by this constitution for the State
of Kansas is republican m foim, and in accordance with
the Constitution of thp United State?.
Mr. GWIN. I wish to suggest to the Senator
from Wisconsin, that be allow us to go through
with the morning busii ess, , °
The VICE PRESIDENT. This is the proper
business now before the Senate. It is the unfin-
ished morning business.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I had not intended to enter
upon a debate of the question at this time 
Mr. GREEN. It will lead to a debate;a long
debate. I shall oppose it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire simply now to
demand the yeas and nays upon the amendment
to the amendment; and then, inasmuch as the
Senate is not very full this morning, and it may
lead to debate, if gentlemen desire it, I am willing
to let it lie over for a short time, perhaps for two
or three days; but I desire at an early day to come
to a direct vote on this proposition, to test the
sense of the Senate. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon my amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GWIN. I move to postpone the further
consideration of this question for the present, in
order to allow us to introduce the morning busi-
ness.
Mr. SEWARD. What is the honorable Sen-
ator's motion?
Mr. GWIN. To let this matter lie over, in
order to allow us to introduce morning business.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope it may be understood
that if it is passed over, it is passed over inform-
ally, without prejudicing the right of any of us
to call it up at any time.
Mr. GWIN. Certainly.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from California move that it be postponed until
to-morrow'
Mr. GWIN. Yes, sir.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 have no objection to that,
understanding that we may call it up to-morrow,
or at any other time.
The motion was agreed to.
POST OFFICE DEFICIENCY BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Hates, Chief Clerk, announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed an enrolled bill
(H. R. No. 1) making appropriations to defray
the deficiencies in the appropriations for the ser-
vice of the Post Office Department for the fiscal
year ending 30th Jun'e, 1859, and in part for the
support of the Post Office Department for the year
ending 30th June 1860; and it was signed by the
Vice President.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. BIGLER presented the memorial of Jon-
athan Ely, legal representative of Edward Ely,
deceased, praying that the accounts of Edward
Ely, as United States consul at Bombay, maybe
settled on just and equitable principles; which "was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. WADE presented the petition of John R.
Gage and others, praying that the heirs of the
militia of the Indian wars and that of 1812, may
be placed on the same footing, m regard to bounty
land, as those who served in the late war with
Mexico; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and Militia.
He also presented the petition of John R. Gage
and others, praying that pensions may be granted
to the surviving militia of the war of 1812, and to
the widows of those who have died or may here-
after die; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. DOOLITTLE presented the petition of
John H. Rountree, praying the return of rents
illegally exacted by agents of the United States;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. BROWN. I offered a resolution yester-
day evening, and I now ask for its present con-
sideration.
Mr. DAVIS. Do reports of committees have
priority over the consideration of resolutions and
motions, in the order of business?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair always
calls for petitions and reports; but it has been
decided that it is in the power of the Senate, by
motion, to take up any business.
Mr. DAVIS. I merely ask, because my col-
league and myself had some debate as to whether
resolutions or reports had precedence in the order
of business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If no motion is
made by a Senator, tlv Cliaii ( alls, first, for peti-
tions, aud then lor reports; but he must icccive
