1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
Mr. Hickey, their Chief Clerk, informing the
House that the Senate had passed the following
bills, in which the concurrence of the House was
requested:
An act (No. 307) to repeal the second section
and other portions of an act passed on the 2d day
of June, 1858, entitled " An act to provide for the
location of certain confirmed private land claims
in the State of Missouri, and for other pur-
poses;" and
An act (No. 497) to amend an act entitled
" An act for giving effect to certain treaty stipu-
lations between this and foreign Governments,
for the apprehension and delivery up of certain
offenders."
Also, that the Senate had agreed to the joint
resolution of the House of Representatives fixing
Monday, the 18th day of June, for the adjourn-
ment of Congress.
executive communication.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Sec-
retary of the Interior, dated June 6, 1860, in re-
ply to a resolution of the House adopted on the
4th instant, calling for information respecting the
Court of Claims; which was laid upon the table,
and ordered to be prined.
LAWS OF NEBRASKA.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a copy of the laws of the
Territory of Nebraska.
RETURN OP BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House be directed to re-
quest the Senate to return to this House abili of the House
No. 501, entitled " An act making appropriations for cer-
tain sundiy civil expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30,1861, to enable the House to supply a cler-
ical omission in the same.
Mr. DAWES. I call up the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday—the Missouri contested-elec-
tion case.
enrolled bills.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled bills, reported as truly enrolled bills of the
following titles: An act (H. R. No. 764) to change
the time for holding the terms of the district court
of the United States for the northern district of
Alabama; and an act (H. R. No. 317) for the re-
lief of Smith & Hunt, of Toledo, Ohio; when the
Speaker signed the same.
message from the senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Hickey, their Chief Clerk, informing the
House that the Senate had passed an act (No.
452) for the relief of Sylvester Gray, in which
he was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House.
recess op the house.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope the gentleman from
Massachusetts will give way for a moment, that
I may make a motion that it shall be in order,
each day hereafter, for the House to take a recess
from half-past four, to six o'clock.
Mr. BRANCH. I hope the gentleman will
say from four to seven. We cannot go home and
getdinner, and get back here by six o'clock.
Mr. DAWES. I have not yielded the floor.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to
the gentleman yielding the floor for the purpose
of this motion ?
Mr. CRAWFORD. I move to amend the mo-
tion, so that it shall take effect next Monday.
Mr. MAYNARD. -I accept that amendment,
and modify my motion accordingly.
Mr. DAWES. How comes this matter before
the House ?
The SPEAKER. I ask the gentleman to
yield the floor a moment.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to be courteous, but
I want the gentleman to ask me, if he wants a
favor. , , ,
The SPEAKER. The gentleman shall have
the floor instantly. The question is upon the
passage of the resolution.
Mr COBB. I object.
Mr. BRANCH. The resolution has been re-
ceived, and a single objection cannot defeat it. It
was received before the gentleman made objec-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The objection comes too late.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD moved to reconsiderthe vote
by which the motion was agreed to; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
c<5vode committee.
Mr. TRAIN. I ask, by unanimous consent,
to present the following resolution, which has
been unanimously agreed to by the select commit-
tee of which I am a member.
There was no objection".
The Clerk read, as follows:
Committee Room, June 6,1860.
On motion of Mr. Robinson, it was
Ordered, That Mr. Tkain be instructed to report to the
House the following resolution, and recommend its adop-
tion :
Resolved, That the Speaker of the House of Represent-
atives be directed to issue process for the arrest of Charles
H. Dunham, of New Yoik city; Alexander Hay, Gideon
G. Westcott, and Albert Schoficld, of the city of Philadel-
phia; and William Kearns, of Reading, in the State of
Pennsylvania, who have refused to obey the summons of
this House to appear and testify as witnesses.
Attest: W. BLAIR LORD, P/ionographer.
The resolution was adopted.
baltimore and oiiio railroad.
Mr. CARTER. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me for a moment, in order that I may make
some reports from the Committee for the District
of Columbia.
Mr. DAWES. I yield to the gentleman for that
purpose.
Mr. CARTER, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, by unanimous consent, re-
ported a bill to authorize the Baltimore and Ohio
Railroad Company to extend the Washington
branch of their road to the Potomac river, and to
cross the same by the extension of the present
structure known as the Long Bridge, for the pur-
pose of connecting with the Virginia railroad at
that point; which #as read afirst and second time,
and ordered to be printed; and a motion to recom-
mit was entered.
alexandria and washington railroad.
Mr. CARTER, from the same committee, re-
ported a bi.ll to extend the Alexandria and Wash-
ington railroad into the District of Columbia;
which was read a first and second time, and or-
dered to be printed; and a motion to recommit
was entered.
washington and georgetown railway.
Mr. CARTER, from the same committee,also
reported a bill to incorporate the Washington
City and Georgetown Railway Company; which
was read a fiist and second time, and ordered to
be printed; and amotion to recommit was entered.
john thomas.
Mr. DELANO. I move that the Committee
of the Whole House be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the case of John Thomas,
and that it be referred to the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Pensions.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
expenses in the war department.
Mr. LARRABEE. I ask unanimous consent
to submit a minority report from the Committee
on Expenditures in the War Department, in order
that it may be ordered to be printed.
There was no objection, and it was so ordered.
message from tiie senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Patten, one of their clerks, notifying the
House that that body returned to the House, at
its request, House bill No. 501, making appropri-
ations for sundry civil expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June 30, 1861; and that
it had also concurred in the amendment of the
House to Senate bill No. '228, for the relief of
Valentine Wehrheim; that it had also passed
House bill No. 317, for the relief of Smith &
Hunt, of Toledo, Ohio, and House bill No. 764,
to change the times for holding the terms of the
district court of the United States for the north-
ern district of Alabama, without amendment; and
that it had also passed House bill No. 44, con-
firming certain land entries under the third section
of the act of 3d March, 1855, entitled "An act
making appropriations for the service Sf the Past
Office Department daring the fiscal year endihg
June 30,1856," with an amendment; iri wh ich he
was directed to ask the concurrence of the House.
MISSOURI CONTESTED ELECTION. ' , .
Mr. DAWES. I now call up the regular order
of business.
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. Speaker, h&wever
sacred the privilege of a seat upon this floor may
be regarded by either the contestant or tlie, sitting
member, whether'viewed as a matter 6f vested
right, oras a high personal and political confidence
on the partof an enlightened constituency, it sinks
into comparative insignificance, in myjudgment,
when compared with that mtfte vital question lying
at the foundation of all free governments—the
right which every free constituency in our Con-
federacy has, under the Constitution, to elect its
own Representative in the Congress of the United
States. That right, I solemnly believe, sir, has
been impinged on and violated by the report of
the majority of the committee in this case. I risfe
to enter my protest against the result arrived at
by the majority of the committee in their report,
and to expose the utter violation of every well-
established rule of evidence by which that result
has been reached. What are the facts? Upon
the 2d day of August, 1858, an election for mem-
ber of Congress was beld by ballot in the first con-
gressional district of the State of Missouri, com-
posed of the city and county of St. Louis: The
official canvass disclosed that 19,335 votes had
been cast, as follows: for J. R. Barret,7,057 votes;
for F. P. Blair, jr., 6,630 votes; for S. M. Breck-
inridge, 5,668 votes; showing a plurality for the
sitting member of 427 votes. But a clerical error
in one of the precincts gave to Mr. Blair 180 votes
more than tke actual poll in that precinct, so that
the actual plurality of Barret over Blair was 607
votes. By the report of the majority of the com-
mittee, that plurality is now proposed to be over-
come, and the contestant to be installed as a Rep-
resentative on this floor, upon principles as dan-
gerous and revolutionary as they are novel and
extraordinary, when tested by every principle of
law rccognizcd in any books ofistandard au-
thority.
Now, sir, I do not propose to go into the liti-
gated facts of this controversy, nor will I mingle
in the muddy and bitter waters of personal and
political strife which has characterized this con-
test. I propose to confine myself strictly to two
propositions of law, based upon an uncontradicted
state of fact: first, whether this committee were
authorized and justified in relying upon certain
memoranda of census returns m tms case as com-
petent and legal evidence to disfranchise a large
class of suffragans who voted for the sitting mem-
ber; and, secondly, whether they had any author-
ity to reject the polls at three of the precincts—
namely,'Gravois coal mines, G.Sappmgton pre-
cinct, and Harlem precinct—upon the alleged
ground that the judges were not sworn. It will
be perceived, from ail examination of this record,
that some weeks after this election had taken place
—namely, on the 13th day of August—theCity
Council of St. Louis directed an enumeration of
the inhabitants of the city to be had. It was
taken at an unusual season of the year. It was
taken at a period different from that prescribed by
former ordinances for making an enumeration.
It was taken by the authority of a special ordi-
nance of the City Council, passed after this election
had taken place, and which I will now read. It
is as follows:
An ordinance providing for taking the census of the city
of St. Louis.
Sec. 1. Be it. ordained by the City Councilofthe city of St
Louis, That the Mayor shall appoint ten competent per-
sons, who shall act in conjunction with the city assessors,
whose duty it shall be to proceed immediately to take the
census of the city of St. Louis, in conformity with existing
ordinances- ^ ^ ^
Sec. 2. So much of ordinances Nos. 3,439 and j,573 as
conflict with section one of this ordinance are hereby re-
peated.
Approved, August 13, 1858,
This enactment constitutes the only authori-
ty for making the enumeration of the inhabitants
of St. Louis—the reputed returns of which are
deemed competent evidence in the majority report
to deprive a large number of people in St. Louis
of citizenship and suffrage—if their votes were
found on the poll of the sitting member. If there
was any other ordinance offered before the com~
