1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I object to that.
Mr. CURTIS. I do not propose to have the
resolution adopted at this time, but only that it
shall under the rules be referred to the Committee
on Printing.
The SPEAKER. It will be referred aceord-
SMITH, of Virginia. If there is consent
involved in the introduction of the resolution, I
want it understood that I have objected, and that
I still object. It would seem this morning that
the House has commenced a career of squander-
ing the public money. I do not mean to give my
countenance to any such proceeding. If I have
the right to object I object, and will not facilitate
the publication of any more of tile Pacific rail-
road reports.
The SPEAKER. The resolution has gone,
under the rules, to the Committee on Printing;
and when that committee makes its report the
question will then come up for action.
Mr. SINGLETON. I object to the resolution
coming in. .
Mr. HOARD. I ask to introduce a resolution.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Let us settle one
question at a time.
The SPEAKER. It has gone to the Committee
on Printing?
Mr. SMITil, of Virginia. I have objected,
from the first, to its introduction. The resolution
was read for information; and just as soon as I
could object I did object. I continued to state
that I objected to the introduction of the resolu-
tion.
The SPEAKER, Does the gentleman from
Virginia say to the House that he made objection
before the Speaker stated that the resolution was
referred to the Committee on Printing?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I say this: that I
stood upon my feet while the resolution was being
read for information, and that when it was read
through I objected to its introduction. 1 made the
objection as soon as I could—just so soon a3 I
could catch the Speaker's eye. I distinctly stated
that if I had the right to object I certainly did
object.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the gentle-
man's objection comes too late. There will be a
vote on the resolution when it is reported from
the committee. Then the whole question will
come up.
Mr. LEAKE. I do know that my colleague
objected when the resolution was read. I know
that he objected in time; and I hope he will insist
on it.
The SPEAKER. If that be so, then the action
taken has been out of order. The resolution not
only is not referred to the Committee on Print-
ing,but it is not before the House, objection hav-
ing been made in time. The Chair waited for the
statement that has just been made.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. DELANO. I demand that the House
shall now proceed to the consideration of the reg-
ular order of business, which is the consideration
of the private business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of big-
ness is the call of committees for reports on pri-
v&tc c&scs«
Mr. BRIGGS. The morning hour having ex-
pired, I move that the House resolve itself into
a Committer of the Whole House.
Mr. FLORENCE. I hope that the motion to
go into committee will be withdrawn until we can
get reports from committees. If we go on with
the call of committees for reports in private eases,
I think that we may profitably occupy an hour.
As I understand it, the morning hour has not
expired. This may be the last day durmg the
^session upon which we may get reports from
committees on enses upon the Private Calendar.
Mr. DELANO. I do not wish to conflict with
the regular order of business, but rather to insist
that it shall be proceeded with. This morning,
up to this moment, the House has been disposing
of extraordinary questions in the most extraor-
dinary manner.
Mr". GAIITRELL. Is debate m order?
Mr. DELANO. I most respectfully invoke the
House to return now to the regular and proper
order of business, which we ought to have com-
menced more than an hour agp. We have been
deprived of the opportunity to'make reports from
committees on private business. All of the com-
mittees, I have no doubt, are ready to make re-
ports which are germane to private bill days. I
hope, in some way, that the House will be called
to the discharge of its duty in that regard.
Mr. FLORENCE. If the House refuses to go
into a Committee of the Whole House, the com-
mittees may then be called for reports on private
business. I demand tellers on the motion to go
into committee.
Mr. TAPPAN. I do not think that it will
amount to anything if we devote much time to
the reception of reports from committees; but I
do not see what objection there is to going thrcfligh
with the call for half an hour. When that is done,
I will move to go into a Committee of the Whole
House.
Mr. BRIGGS. I withdraw my objection.
Mr. TAPPAN. I ask that it be the general
understanding that bills shall be received for ref-
erence only.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I object to any
such understanding.
The SPEAKER. Reports are in order from
the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
WILLIAM SUTTON.
Mr. MARTIN, of Ohio, from the Committee
on Invalid Pensions, reported a bill for the relief
of William Sutton; which was read a first and
second time, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the accompanying report, or-
dered to be printed.
SAMUEL GIBBS.
Mr. BRABSON, from the Committee on Inva-
lid Pensions, reported a bill granting a pension to
Samuel Gibbs; which was read a first and second
time, referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
MARGARET WATTS.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan, from the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions, reported a bill grant-
ing apension to Margaret Watts; which was read
a first and second time, referred to a Committee
of the Whole House, and, with the accompany-
ing report, ordered to be printed.
FREDERICK SCHAUM.
Mr. FLORENCE, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reported a bill granting a pension
to Frederick Schaum; which was read a first and
second time, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the accompanying report, or-
dered to be printed.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. STOKES, from the same committee, made
adverse reports on the several petitions of Michael
L. Bailey, Randolph J. Shoemaker, Daniel Rey-
nolds, and Maurice R. Simmons; which were laid
on the table, and ordered to be printed.
WILLIAM G. BERNARD.
Mr. FOSTER, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill granting an increase of pension to
William G. Bernard, late a soldier in the United
States Army; which was read a first and second
time.
Mr. FOSTER. I ask to put that bill upon its
Mrf TAPPAN. I object to putting any bills
upon their passage.
Mr. PETTIT. I move to refer the bill to a
Committee, of the Whole House.
Mr. DELANO. We are now upon the morn-
ing hour, trying to redeem the loss we have suf-
fered by the miscellaneous discussion that has
been had, and I hope gentlemen will not ask to
put bills unon their passage.
The bill was referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and, with the accompanying re-
port, ordered to be printed.
ADELIA C. PLACE.
Mr. FOSTER also, from the same committee,
reported a bill granting a pension to Mrs. Adclia
C. Place, widow of Lieutenant R. W. Place, late
of the United States Navy; which was read a first
' and second time, referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and, with the accompanying re-
port, ordered to be printed.
MARY PERRIGO.
Mr. FOSJER also, from the same committee,
reported abill granting increased pension to Mary
Perrigo, widow of Frederick Perrigo; which was
read a first and second timo, 'referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House', and, with the accom-
panying report, ordered to fee printed.
WILLIAM M. g. REILLY.
Mr. FOSTER, from the same committee, also
reported a bill for the relief of William M. S.
Reilly; which was read a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole Hotise,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered toh&
printed.
SPARIIAWK PARSONS.
Mr. FOSTER also, from the same committee,
reported a bill granting a pension to Sparhawk
Parsons; which was read a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House, and,
with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
EDWIN W. JONES.
Mr. FOSTER also, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of Edwin W. Jones;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and, with
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
•JOSEPH PIKE.
Mr. FOSTER also, from the same committee,  
reported a hill for the relief of Joseph Pike; which
was read a first and second time, referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and, with the
accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. FOSTER also, from the same committee,
made adverse reports upon the several petitions
of Sarah Post, Abraham Richards, Abel M. Bry-
ant, Joel S. Livermore, Asa Pratt, William Pat-
terson, and Margaret Doig; which were laid on
the table, and ordered to be printed.
M. C. GRITZNER.
Mr. BURNHAM, from the Committee on Pat-
ents, reported back, with a recommendation that
it do pass, an act (S. No. 238) for the relief of M.
C. Gritzner; which was referred to a Committee
of the Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
AARON II. PALMER.
Mr. TAPPAN, from the Committee of Claims,
reported back, with a recommendation that it do
pass, an act (S. No. Ill) for the relief of Aaron
H. Palmer; which was referred to a Committee
of the Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
WILLIAM P. BOWHAY.
Mr. TAPPAN also, from the same committee,
reported back, with a recommendation that it do
pass, an act (S. No. 373) for the relief of William
P. Bowhay; which was referred to a Committee
of the Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
FRANKLIN PEALE.
Mr.'TAPPAN also, from the same committee,
reported back, with a recommendation that it do
pass, an act (S. No. 189) for the relief of Frank-
lin Peale; which was referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
EPIIItAIM HUNT.
Mr. TAPPAN also, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of Ephrami Hunt;
which was read a first and sccond time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and, with
the aecomj>anymg report, ordered to be printed.
WILLIAM HAZZARD WIGG.
Mr. WALTON. I am instructed, by a unan-
imous vote of the Committee of Claims, to make
an adverse report upon joint resolution (H. R.
No. 4) for the relief of William Hazzard Wigg.
The report was laid upon the table, and ordered
to be printed.
LAND TITLE IN MAINE.
Mr. WALTON. I am directed by the ma-
jority of the Committee of Claims to report back
'Senate bill No. 191, accompanied by a majority
report, to provide for quieting certain land titles
in the late disputed territory in the State ofMaine,
and for other purposes. I desire to say that the
minority reserve the right of making a minoiity
report at some future time.
The bill and report were referred to a Commit-
tee of the Whtfe House, and ordered to be printed.
