1818
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
ELI W. GOFF.
Mr. MAYNARD, from' the Committee of
Claims, reported back, with a recommendation that
it '4o pass, an act (S. No. 113)-for the relief of Eli
W. Goff; which was' referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. HUTCHINS, from the Committee of
Claims, made adverse reports on the memorials
of Enoch Moore and James Young; which were
laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama, from the same com-
mittee, made adverse reports on the petitions of
Liztir B. Canfield, administrator, and of the heirs
of William Hodges; which were laid upon the
table', and ordered to be printed.
J. H. ESTIS.
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama, from the same com-
mittee, reported a joint resolution to authorize the
Postmaster General to settle the accounts of Cap-
tain J. H. Estis; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the accompanying report, or-
dered to be printed.
SAMUEL PERRY.
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama, from the same com-
mittee, also reported a bill for the relief of Samuel
Perry; which was read a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. TRIMBLE, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, made adverse reports in the following
cases; which were severally laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed:
On the memorial of Lois Blodgett, heir of Arba
Blodgett, praying for bounty land for services in
the war of 1812;
On the memorial of Nathaniel Enos, for bounty
land;
On the memorial of John McGarvey, for bounty
land for services in the war of 1812;
On the memorial of Stephen P. Lamb, for
bounty land for scryices in the Mexican war; and
On the memorial of Joseph Bindieu, jr., a vol-
unteer in the battle of Plattsburg, September 11,
1814, praying for bounty land.
CHANGE Or REFERENCE.
Mr- VANDEVER, from the same commit-
tee, reported back the memorial of the Emigrant,
Agricultural, and Manufacturing Association of
Mantua, Kansas, and asked that the committee
be discharged from the further consideration there-
of, and that the same be referred to the Committee
on Manufactures.
It was so ordered.
RICHARD JITZPATRICK.
Mr. MAYNARD, from the Committee of
Claims, reported back, with a recommendation
that it do pass, a bill (S. No. 130) for the relief
of Richard Fitzpatriclc; which was referred to a
Committeo of the Whole House, and ordered to
be printed.
THOMAS ALLEN.
Mr. MAYNARD, from the same committee,
also reported back, with a recommendation that
it do pass, a bill (S. No. 209) for the relief of
Thomas Allen; which was referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. MAYNARD. There are no reports ac-
companying these bills. They are bills from the
Court of Claims which have passed the Senate.
POWERS OF LEVY COURT.
Mr. CARTER, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported back, with a rec-
ommendation that it do pass, a bill (S. No. 261,) to
authorize'the levy court to issue tavern and other
licenses in the District of Columbia; which was
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
ODD FELLOWS' LODGE.
Mr. CARTER, from the same committee, also
reported back, with a recommendation that it do
£ ass, an act (S. No. 252) to incorporate the Grand
.odge of the Independent Order of Odd Fellows
in the District of Columbia; which was referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and ordered to be printed.
NATIONAL GALLERY OF ARTS.
Mr. CARTER, from the same committee, also
reported back, with a recommendation that it do
pass, an act (S. No. 287) to incorporate the Na-
tional Gallery and School of Arts in the District
of Columbia; which was referred to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
ordered to be printed.
  PUBLIC SCHOOLS IN WASHINGTON.
Mr. CARTER, from the same committee, also
reported back, with a recommendation that it do
pass, an act (S. No. 200) directing the convey-
ance of a lot of ground for the use of the public
schools of Washington city; which was referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and ordered to be printed.
LITTLE FALLS BRIDGE.
Mr. CARTER, from the same committee, also
reported a bill to reimburse the corporation of
Georgetown, m the District of Columbia, a sum
of money advanced towards the construction of
the Little Falls bridge; which was read a first and
second time, referred to aCommittee of the Whole
House, and, with the accompanying report, or-
dered to be printed.
GOTTLIEB SHERER.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. [ am directed by
tho Committee on the Judiciary to report a bill for
the relief of Gottlieb Sherer, and to ask to have it
put upon its passage. It is a very peculiar case,
and I can satisfy the House that the bill is right.
The bill was read a first and second time.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I ask to have the
bill put upon its passage.
Mr. TAPPAN. I object.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that
the gentleman has a right to move to put the bill
upon its passage.
The bill was read. Itacquitsand releases Gott-
lieb Sherer from the payment of a certain judg-
ment rendered against hin) in favor of the united
States, in the district court of the United States
for the eastern district of Pennsylvania, in the
month of January, 1857, on a recognizance en-
tered into by him for the appearance of Joseph
Hill, on the payment of the costs of the suit in
which such judgment was rendered
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I can explain to
the House, in a few words, the propriety of pass-
ing this bill.
Mr. DELANO addressed tho Chair.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I have the floor;
and gentlemen may as well understand at once,
that I shall keep it till I get through. I am stating
to the House the reason why I think that bill
should pass.
Mr. PETTIT. I rise to a question of order.
The special order under which these committees
are being called, limits action here to the report-
ing of bills.
The SPEAKER. There is no special order at
all, as the Chair understands it. The call of com-
mittees is the regular business. If a motion be
made to refer a bill to a committee, and that mo-
tion prevails, it will prevent the passage of the
bill, otherwise the bill may be put upon its pas-
sage. " The gentleman from Illinois is entitled to
the floor.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I rise to a question
of order. I desire to know whether a gentleman,
when objection is made, can move, as a matter of
right, to have his case taken up and passed? If
objection be made, is not a suspension of the rules
required before the case can be taken up ?
The SPEAKER. There being no motion to
commit, the Chair does not see what there is to
prevent a member from putting his bill upon its
passage.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I make the motion
that the bill be referred to a Committee of the
Whole House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has not got
the floor for that purpose.
Mr. DELANO. I appeal to the gentleman from
Illinois to allow the bill to take the usual course.
He must see that if the precedent be set in this
case, of reporting a bill and putting it upon its pas-
sage, it will be followed in other cases and cause
great embarrassment. Every gentleman then,
who has a favorite bill, will insist on putting it on
its passage.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I have the floor,
and 1 do not yield it.
Mr.DELANO. The gentleman's refusal to let
the bill take its usual course, and his pertinacity
in forcing it upon the House, will not, I think,
serve to secure votes for its passage.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. The gentleman
can exercise his own judgnienton the case. If he
pursues independent action on the subject, I can-
not complain. I propose to submit a few remarks
on the bill, and then to ask the House to put it
on its passage.
Mr. SMITH, ef Virginia. I rise to a question
of order. I make the point of order, that during
the call of committees for reports in private cases
on this day, it is not in order to interpose a prop-
osition that any bill reported shall be put on its
passage, if objection be made. If it be the ruling
of the Chair that such a proceeding is in order,
then it must be perceived that, for all practical pur-
poses, the call of committees for reports is super-
seded.
Tho SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order raised by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, and upon the ground that this is not objec-
tion day, and that it is in the power of any member
reporting a bill to ask that that bill be put on its
passage. There is nothing in the rules to prevent
a member putting a bill upon its passage when
it is reported from a committee, and before the
House.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I ask tho Clerk to
read the rule which has a bearing on this case.
The SPEAKER. Tho Clerk will read an ex-
tract from Jefferson's Manual.
The Clerk read, as follows:
'•In Pasliamcnt, after the bill lias been read a second
time, if on tile motion and question it be not committed, or
it no pioposition lot crmimitment be made, tile Speaker
reads it by paragraphs, pausing between each, but putting
no question but on amendments proposed; and when
through the whole, lie puts the que*tion, whether it (-hall
be read a third time, il'it comc from the other House."
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 1 do not see that
there is anything there that will supersede the
rule under which I understand we are acting, or
that will sustain the decision of the Chair. I take
an appeal from the Chair's decision. X under-
stand that wc are now acting under the new rule
providing for the call of committees, and which
prevents bills reported from being put on their
passage. I would like to have the x'ule read.
The SPEAKER. If there is any rule regulat-
ing this subject differently from that which has
been r.ead, if the gentleman will indicate it, the
Chair will have it read.
Mr. HOUSTON. Is not there a rule amongst
the new rules which forbids the putting of a bill
on its passage which has been reported on a call
of the committee ?
The SPEAKER. Not on private bill days.
The rule referred to applies only on Mondays,
that day being objection day.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Is not this objection
day on the Private Calendar?
'ittic SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. CURTIS. I move th"at the appeal from
the decision of the Chair bo laid upon the table.
The motion was agrped to.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I wish to say to
tho House, Mr. Speaker, that this bill is based
upon a memorial of gentlemen in Philadelphia. I
have no interest in the mattpr beyond seeing that
justice shall be done this party. He is not a res-
ident of the State I have the honor in part to rep-
resent, but of the State of Pennsylvania.
The facts arc these: a man by the name of
Hill served in the Mexican war, with some con-
siderable reputation. He returned to Philadel- '
phia, and engaged in the practice of the law. He
secured some reputation for honesty. Afterwards
he was prosecuted for forging military land war-
rants. His good reputation, up to that time, in-
duced this old gentleman, (Mr. Sherer,) a man
now over sixty years of age, to go his security
for appearance at court. Hill was put upon lus
trial, and there was a mistrial. It was apparent
that a majority of the jury believed that he was
innocent. . Ola man Sherer, out of the goodness
of his heart, again went security for Hill; but
before the second trial came on, Hill absconded.
The old man, who was before a man of means,
