2m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
mittee, I am not aware of it.. I believe I am safe
in asserting that there was none other; and if I
am wrong, one of the majority of the committee
can correct me. I am thus particular, because
the authority to take this census, in its limitation
upon the census takers as to the subject-matter
of inquiry in making this enumeration, is the
pregnant and beginning point in this discussion.
The ordinance which I have read confines the
persons charged with the duty of its execution to
a simple enumeration of the inhabitants of the
city. Their inquiries by law 'stopped there. I
was, therefore, astounded by a statement in the
majority report, that the census-takers were in-
structed, in addition to an enumeration of inhab-
itants, to ascertain atid report various other mat-
ters of statistical information. 1 deny that any
such instructions were given, or thatany authority
existed for making them. This statement of the
majority is gratuitous—unsupported by evidence,
. and unfounded in fact. In order that I may do
the majority of the committee no injustice, I read
from their report on this point:
" On the 13th day of August, 1858, the City Council of
St. Louis passed an ordinance to take the ccnsus of the
city provided by its charter and previous ordinances. A
copy of this ordinance wilt be annexed to this report. For
this purpose thecity was divided into districts, and census
takers were appointed for each census district. They were
instructed, in addition to an enumeration of the inhabit-
ants, to ascertain and report various other matters of sta-
tistical information ; among which was the nationality of
the inhabitants found within their respective precincts, and,
Whether naturalized or not, if foreign born; how long resi-
dent," &c.
I demand to know the ground on which this
statement rests ? Iaskthegentleman [Mr.Dawes]
who made this report to tell me where the evidence
exists to support that statement? He cannotfur-
nish it, because it never was offered. It is untrue
in point of fact. The only evidence of any au-
thority to take this census is the city ordinance,
which the majority of the committee append to
their report, and which was read by me. It limits
all engaged in its execution to an " enumeration,"
simply, of the people. The census takers had
no authority under it to do anything except to
ascertain the number ofinhabitants St. Louis con-
tained. They had no more right to inquire into
nationality, into citizenship, or into residence,
than they had a right to inquire of you, sir, your
age; or of me, mine. Everything else which these
census takers did, and every other statement con-
tained in these allfiged returns, was unauthorized
and illegal. I demand, in the name of truth, to
know on what evidence this statement in the ma-
jority report is based? I will yield to the.gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Da wes,] who made
the report, to .sustain this question, if he desires
it. I will pause that he may do so. As ho is
silent, I take it for granted he agrees with me that
there is no evidence to sustain this statement in
his report.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I wish merely
to say to the gentleman that he is not permitted
to take anything for granted by my silence. I
have my place to reply, and I shall, as well as 1
may be able, endeavor to notice the positions
which the gentleman takes.
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. Speaker, I did not
ask the gentleman to reply to my positions. I
joined issue with him upon the statement of a fact
m his report. I stated that there was no evidence
to support it. I called upon him, as the author of
the majority report, and as one of the representa-
tives of the majority of that committee, charged
by this House to investigate this question, to in-
form the House and myself of any ordinance or
other legal authority to these census takers to
inquire into the nationality, citizenship, or resi-
dence, of the inhabitants of St. Louis. If the
proof exists, where is it? If such ordinances ex-
ist, why are they not incorporated in the report?
The only ordinance offered in evidence is incor-
porated into the majority report; and that does
not sustain the statement of the report which I
have quoted. If no such authority existed, why
was this statement made in the majority report?
I wish, if possible, still to obtain this information
from the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. DAWES. The only difference between
the gentleman and myself is, whether he and I
shall hold a colloquy while he is arguing his case.
Mr. STEVENSON. I beg my friend's pardon.
That is not the issue. I state that this majority
report contains statements of facts, as to what
was in evidence before our committee in this case,
which are not true; and I ask the gentleman to
correct me if I am mistaken.
Mr. DAWES. I am perfectly aware that the
gentleman states that the majority report in this
particular is not true. I heard him distinctly. I
heard him also insist upon my getting up and prov-
ing that it is true. Now, he wait please to hear
me say that I propose to do that when my hour
is allotted to me.
Mr. STEVENSON. Very well, Mr. Speaker;
the gentleman declines, and I must submit. I was
Folite and courteous in my question to him, and
am constrained to believe that he could have
readily given the House and myself the proof, if
it existed, going to support the allegation in the
majority report that these census takers were
authorized to make any inquiry as to residence,
nationality,orcitizenship. I wasjustifiedinpress-
ing the question, as the gentleman informed us the
other day he did not expect to speak more than
ten minutes in closing this debate. I really de-
sired to be informed if any other ordinance other
than the one already referred to existed, or what
other proof existed on the subject. I regret that,
in the discussion of legal questions by legal gen-
tlemen from the same committcc, there should be
any dispute or misunderstanding as to facts.
But to proceed with my argument. Under the
authority conferred by the ordinance I have read,
it is said that one person in each ward in the city
of St. Louis, accompanied by assistants, pro-
ceeded to make out an enumeration of the inhab-
itants of that city. Written lists of this enumer-
ation are alleged to have been returned by these
census takers to the proper municipal office in St.
Louis. These lists, as thus made out, are alleged
to contain the names, the residences, the nation-
ality, and the citizenship of the residents in the
respective wards. No authority to make such
inquiries is exhibited. No record or written proof
of the appointment of these census takers by any
municipal authority in St. I^ouis was adduced
before the committee. No copy of any ordinance
was offered prescribing the mode, manner, or
obligation under which their duty was to be per-
formed.
There is no proof of the office or officer to whom
the census lists were to be returned. Neither the
original censuslists nor authenticated copies were
offered ip evidence. No complete census list nor
any examined copy can be found in this record;
nor was any such offered to be produced before
the committee. No reason has been offered by
the contestant why complete transcripts of these
returns were not produced from the proper office
under the certificate of the officer to whose cus-
tody they were legally returned. Parol proof was
received by a majority of the committee of the
existence and alleged contents of these returns.
This proof was made by persons who had not
been engaged in taking these returns, as well as
by others who had been thus employed. Upon
such statements of what these census lists con-
tained, as derived from an examination of the
lists after their return to the office, and from par-
tial lists made out by the witnesses, and in some
instances attached to his deposition, three hun-
dred and twenty-one votes were taken from the
sitting member. I submit that the record con-
tains no competent evidence that these census
takers ever did discharge that duty. I insist that
there is no legal evidence of the taking of that
census. Upon the postulates assumed in the ma-
jority report, that these returns arc official public
registers, their existence could only have been
established as competent testimony by the pro-
duction of either the original certified copies, or
full and complete examined copics. This volu-
minous record contains neither an official nor an un-
official copy of any complete census return in any
solitary ward, witnesses do testify that they
were engaged in taking the census, and made out
lists, which have been returned; that since such
return, they have made out partial copies of such
census lists containing the names of persons
marked on the said census lists as unnaturalized
or non-residents; and that persons of the same
name are found on the poll-books. These partial
lists of unnaturalized persons (or non-residents, as
they are marked on the census returns) are some-
times attached to the deposition, and will here-
after be read and commented on. It is upon this
parol testimony of the contents of alleged official
documents, and upon private, partial lists of cer-
tain names marked thereon as non-residents, or
unnaturalized, that a majority of the committee
base their resolutions embodied in their report.
On this ground alone more than three hundred
voters, whose votes were received, are excluded
from the sitting member. If the alleged contents
of these census returns are not taken as evidence,
it is admitted on all sides that the contestant has
made out no case. Exclude all the other con-
tested votes.; yield to the contestant everything
else that he claims; and if these census returns
are excluded from the case, the contestant has not
attempted to show a title to a scat upon this floor.
Proof of what they contained was received by
the committee, and the whole case rests on their
competency and reception. Thegentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Millson] asks me if these census
returns wcie received. Yes, sir.
Mr. MILLSON. Mr. Speaker, I asked the
question privately of my friend from Kentucky.
He has referred to it as if it was a public ques-
tion, but I will now, as he has alluded to it, ask
if the House is to understand that the census re-
turns themselves were received as evidence before
this committee? I want to know that.
Mr. STEVENSON. The census returns never
have been produced before the committee, but pa-
rol statements of what those census returns con-
tain have been received, and their contents thus
illegally proved have been the basis upon which
several hundred votes have been taken from the
sitting member. In order to give the majority of
the committee the benefit of their argument, upon
the admission of these returns as evidence, I will
read from their report:
" Another class ot voters challenged was unnaturalized
persons, those of not sufficient lesidenee in the State or
precinct, or minors, or having some other disqualification,
though not unknown to the witnesses, as in the case of
non-iesidents. As to the qualification of this diss of
voters, the admission of the voter, the testimony of his ac-
quaintances and family, of those who had heretofore acted
as offieets of election, and circumstantial testimony of va-
rious kinds, was admitted for what it was worth. I n addi-
tion to this testimony was that from another source, which
was stienuously resisted by the sitting member on two
grounds: first, that evidence from this source was not
competent in an investigation of this kind; second, that
the method of pioducing it before the committee was in
conflict with ttie well-established rules ot evidence. The
evidence alluded to was this: On the I3th day of August,
1858, the City Council of St. Louis passed an oidinanee to
take the census of the city piovided by its charter and pre-
vious ordinances. A copy of this oidmancc will be an-
nexed to this repoit. Foi this putpose the city was divided
into districts, and census takeis were appointed for each
census district. They were instructed, in addition to an
enumeiation of the inhabitants, to ascertain and report va-
rious other matters of statistical mfoi mation ; among which
was the nationality of the inhabitants found within their
respective precincts, and, whether naturalized or not, if
toieign born; how long resident, &c. It was to the evi-
dence which the leports ol these census takers disclosed
that the sitting member strenuously objected: first, be-
cause, under no circumstances, could they be evidence of
facts which they purport to coniam; and, secondly, be-
cause of the manner of bringing that evidence betore the
committee."
It is here apparent that the two objections that
we raised to these census returns, as incompetent
evidence to establish the citizenship, residence,
or age of persons who had voted in this election,
are sound. The minority maintained in the com-
mittee, and insist here, that these returns, if the
original or copies had been produced, would not
have been competent to disfranchise any voter
whose vote hacr been received at the election a
month before; and, a fortiori, that parole evidence
of their contents could not be used as competent
evidence for any such purpose. Was ever a
plainer proposition, Mr. Speaker, submitted to
any legal and unprejudiced mind? The pro-
pounding of the question.would seem to give its
solution.
Mr. MILLSON. I asked the question just
now because I really had been under the impres-
sion that the census taker had been a witness to
prove certain illegal votes, and had derived his
information from the fact that he took the census;
but I certainly had not supposed, and I was sur-
prised to learn, that the census itself was offered
m evidence.
Mr. STEVENSON. Yes, Mr. Speaker, the
contents of these loose census memoranda, made
without authority, were proved by parol; and
upon such testimony more than three hundred
votes were taken from the contestant. The ad-
mission of such proof is an anomaly in judicial
proceeding. The reasoning of the committee is
