1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
singularly strange, if not amusing. I cannot do
better than by reading the entire portion of their
report stating the grounds upon which this tes-
timony was admitied. They say, (page 11 of
majority report:)
« The committee answer, that, so far as the census takers
themselves were witnesses, testifying to the facte contained
in their report obtained by themselves, which was the case
in very many instances in which this kind of testimony
was offered, it is* the ordinary case of men making memo-
randa, or writing down what they know, and then com-
iu<r into court and testifying to the facts thus acquired,
refreshing their memory troiri the paper thus made out by
them. Nor is there any objection to others comparing the
poll-books with those memoranda thus verified, and testi-
fying to the result ot the comparison. But these reports of
the census takers, now in the archives of the city, are
official documents, and are prima facie evidence of the
facts they contain. They are like the land lists of Vir-
ginia, which are prima facie evidence that the men whose
names are in them, purporting to be land owners, were
voters, (see Robert Portcrfield vs. William McCoy, Con-
tested-Election Cases, p. 267 ; George Loyali vs. Thomas
Newton, ibid., p. 250;) or the lists ot taxables in Pennsyl-
vania, which were used as evidence for the same purpose
in the case of Mann vs. Cassidy, before referred to, and
votes of men not found on these lists rejected. And that
poll-books are always primafacie evidence, both of the fact
that a man has voted and of the qualification of the voter,
without evidence to rebut it, stands as the fact, (See Por-
terfield v$. McCoy, Contested-Election Cases, p. 267, and
1 Peckwell, on Contested Elections, English, p. 208, and 2
Peckwell, p. 270.)
" Nor is there any well-grounded objection to the man-
ner of producing this testimony before the committee; so
far as it was brought before the connnittec by the censrfs
laker himself, when testifying to the facts contained in his
report, the objection has been already sufficiently answered.
And all the evidence so introduced has been from men
swearing that the paper exhibited by them is an exact copy
vro tanto of the census return. In some instances the com-
missioner taking the deposition has annexed the identical
paper thus sworn to to the deposition,and in othetshe has
himself instead written out their contents in the answer of
the witness. These extracts from the reports of the cen-
sus takers, used by the committee, thus heroine pro tanto
examined copies. And this is one method of producing
copies laid down in the elementary books. (See Green-
leaf on Evidence, vol. 1, sees. 483, 484; 1 Phillip* on Evi-
dence, p 432.) In the case of Vallandigham vs. Campbell,
decided in the last Congress, the Secretary of State exam-
ined the contents ot the returns from the several counties
composing the third congre!-.sional district of Ohio, com-
puted an abstract of them all, and then certified, under his
official peal, not a copy of any record return on file m his
office, but the abstract, which had been the result of his
own examination of the contents of another paper or pa-
pers, and that certified abstract was used as evidence. This
was carrying this point much further than the admission of
the evidence heic ofteied. The sitting member has also
resorted for evidence, both in challenging votes and in re-
butting testimony offered by contestant on other points, to
this very census, to the introduction of which he objected.
The committee, for the foregoing reasons, admitted the
testimony."
This reasoning will strike the most casual lis-
tener as singularly novel and fallacious. The ma-
jority assume, as an established fact, what has
not been proved in this record to have any exist-
ence. They assume that these census takers had
authority to make these inquiries, and their re-
ports have been properly returned to the proper
office in St. Louis. We deny both these propo-
sitions. I have already attempted to show that
the census takers were confined by the only or-
dinance offered to a simple enumeration of the
people. If any census return contained any state-
ment as to any other fact, it is unauthorized and
illegal, and such fact could not be establisned by
the return. The minority of the committee, how-
ever, further insist that these census returns, if
ever made, could only have been established by
the originals or complete authenticated copies
from the proper office. Where is the legal testi-
mony to show that these census returns exist ?
How do the majority of this committee arrive at
the conclusion that these census returns are in
the archives of the city of 8t. Louis? By
rule of evidence, are the existcnceand custody of
official documents to be established by oral testi-
mony? How were these returns made r By whom ,
and when? What do they contain? If official
documents in the archives of some public office,
why have they not been certified under the seal of
their legal custodian ? Without some such proof,
how is the statement of the majority as to the of-
ficial character of these documents to be sustained.
It is admitted that this immense record of nine
hundred and fifty-three pages contains no com-
plete official or unofficial census list m a single
ward. The only evidence on this subject is by
loose statement of witnesses as to their contents.
Now, to let my friend from Virginia [Mr. Mill-
son*] see precisely how the contents of these re-
turns have been proved, F will read from the tes-
timony on this point the entire testimony of
Brainard M. Million, (page 626 of the record:)
" Brainard M. Million, of lawful age, being produced and
sworn by me, deposes and says: •
" Questions by Mr. Blair:
"Question. Where do you live?
"Answer. No. 380 North Ninth street.
"Question. Did you examine the census returns of the
ninth ward of this city m connection with the poll-books
of that ward in the last election; and did you find the names
of parties on the census books, or the returns of the census
takers of that ward, set down by them as not being natural-
ized, not entitled to vote, and the names of the same parties
upon the poll-books of that ward?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
" Question. Just give a list of the residences and names of
those parties.
"Answer, Dennis Murphy, 327 Broadway. This is marked
with a 4 D,' as being doubtful.
Edward Heenan, 327 Broadway, not naturalized.
Walter Shea, Main street, npt naturalized.
Pat. O'Brien, O'Fallon street, not naturalized.
Pat. Doyle, O'Fallon street, not naturalized.
Richard Green, 260 Eighth street, not naturalized.
IJenry Sherman, 253 Ninth street, sworn at the polls, not
naturalized.
Thomas Gorman, 251 Ninth street, not naturalized.
James Brown, 251 Ninth street, not naturalized.
Pat. Walsh, 251 Ninth street, not naturalized.
John Ryan,2ol Ninth street, sworn at the polls, not nat-
uralized.
Thomas ftrilly, 346 Seventh street, not naturalized.
John Kane, 346 Seventh street, not natuialized.
Thomas Wiison, Seventh street, not naturalized.
John It. Kccfc, Bioadway, not naturalized.
John Murphy, 320 Eighth street, not naturalized.
Edward Maher, Muianphy street, not naturalized.
Thomas Fitzgerald, O'Fallon street, not naturalized.
John Casey, O'Fallon street, not naturalized.
Dennis Sullivan, , not naturalized.
Edwaid Collins, , not naturalized.
Thomas Kenney, 163 Twelfth street, not naturalized.
Tim. Sullivan, O'Fallon and Eighteenth streets, not nat-
uralized.
Pat. Boyle, O'Fallon and Eighteenth street®, doubtful.
John O'Bncn, Seventeenth street, not naturalized.
Jerry Spleen, 173 Seventeenth street, not natmnhzed.
Pat. Coimn, 173 Seventeenth stieet, not natuialized.
Nick. Ready, 173 Seventeenth street, not naturalized.
Michael Nolan, Seventeenth street, not naturalized.
Pat. Griffin, Sixteenth street, doubtful.
Peter Burns, Sixteenth street, doubtful.
William Reeve?., 340 Fourteenth street, not naturalized.
Michael Welsh, 443 Main street, first papers.
Thomas Lvneh,27 back of Muianphy, fiist papers.
James Murphy, 500 Main street, fust papers.
Pat. Kennedy, 0 Howard street, fir*t papers.
Patrick Doyle, 2 Howard street, not naturalized.
James McMann, 2 Howard street, sworn at the polls-
first papers.
Lawrence Johnson, 47 not naturalized.
Pat. O'Brien, , first papers.
John Carroll, 462 Main street, not naturalized.
James Murphy, 460 Main street, not naturalized.
George W. Murphy, 493 Broadway, doubtful.
James McLaughlin, 56 Second street, first papers.
Edward Welsh, 382 Main street, not naturalized.
Joseph Moore, 38« Main street, not naturalized.
John Murphy, 139 Collins street, doubtful.
James P. Haley, 128 Collins street, not naturalized.
Pat. Fitztnorns, 128 Collins street, doubtful.
Michael H. Kelly,395 Broadway, not naturalized.
William Burns, O'Fallon and Eighth streets,doubtful.
Michael Rouke, 273 Sixth street, doubtful.
Pat. Daley, 33 Biddie street, doubtful.
Dennis Carrol, 54 O'Fallon street, doubtful.
James McCarty, 258 Seventh street, not naturalized.
Edward Dillon, 27 Seventh street, doubtful.
John McGee, 284 Seventh street, not naturalized.
Pat. Rouke, 2U Eighth and Biddie, not naturalized.
John O'Neil, 51 block 558, in alley, doubtful.
John O'Brien, 5 block 558, in alky, not naturalized.
Pi'torJJurns, 51 same block, in alley, same.
Same name twice, not naturalized.
Michael Grady, 51 same block, in alley, first papers.
Fred. Fisher, 82 O'Fallon street, doubtful.
John Doyle, block 559, m alley, sworn at the polls—not
✓ naturalized.
Itichard Ryan, same block and alley, not naturalized.
Michael Lawler, 193 Eleventh street, not naturalized.
Pat. Bums, 107 Biddie ^ttect, doubtful.
John Murphy, 107 Biddie stieet, doubtful.
Patrick O'Brien, block 20 on Lewis and alley, doubt-
ful. , , ,
Patrick Ilennessy, 127 Biddie street, doubtful.
Patrick Welsh, 27 Biddie street, and the same name
twice, lioth doubtful.
John Fitz, 29 Biddie street, doubtful.
John Casey, 327 Broadway, doubtful.
Jame- McMans, 327 Bioadway, doubtful.
Pat. Kelly, 327 Broadway, doubtful.
John Collins, 327 Bioadway, doubtful.
Michael Daily, 357 Main street, doubtful.
Patrick McBude, 359 Main street, doubtful.
Thomas Sullivan, Main street, doubtful.
William Murphy, block 230, in alley, doubtful.
Daniel Hannegan, same block, Bates street, first papers.
Thomas Ryan, 389 Mam street, doubtful.
Michael Ryan, 389 Main street, doubtful.
James Carrol, 389 Mam street, doubtful.
William Dougheity, 411 Mam street, first papers.
John Mack, Ifi Florida street, first papers.
Michael Holden, 16 Florida stieet, first papers.
Edward Welsh, 443 Florida street, same name twice, m
both cases first paper-*.
Michacl Foid, not naturalized.
Com ad Ludwig, not naturalized.
William Gorman, not naturalized.
Patrick Fox, 272 Thirteenth street, not naturalized.
Thomas Kelly, Thirteenth street, not naturalized. *
Gotlieb Heiwig, O'Fallon street^ sworn at the polls—not
naturalized.
"Question. Did you find the names of all thesepersonsoii
the poll-books of the ninth ward? ; "5
"•Answer. Yes. 1 1 -
* "Question. Was this census the original official paper
made out by the census takers in the discharge of their
duties?  
"Answer. Yes; at least they were given to me as such.
" Question. Who took the census of the ninth ward ?
"Answer. William Buckman, I think,
" Question. Are you acquainted with anyfc&dy In the tenth
ward who had any money paid liim for his services in the
last election ?
"Answer. No one told me so himself, that he had mopey
paidhhn; but I was told by others he said so. That he
had eighty dollars paid him by Mr. Barret. All I know of
his name is Jim. I know where he can be found. He
kept a bar on the corner of Broadway and Chambers streets.
" Question. Describe him.
"Answer. A man I should judge to be about thirty years
of age—a German—light complected, I think. I think he
has light hair.
" Question. Describe the circumstances under which it
•Lid Mr. Barret paid him this money.
[Answer. What! was told was, he went to pay Mr. Bar-
ret the rent of the house he occupied, and Mr. Barret
asked him if he couldn't assist him in the eieetiort. He
gave him back the money he had paid for rent. That'is
about all.
" Question. Did the man support Barret?
" Answer. I saw him on the day of the election with Barret
tickets in his hands at the polls. I don't know whether he
voted for him or not. 1 think it very doubtful. If be did
he did it greatly against his will.
" Question. Were you surprised to see him with Barret
tickets in his hands, and why?
" Answer. I was suiprised, for f had always understood
he was going to vote for Blair.
" Question. Did vou say anything to him?
" Answer. Yes; I asked him what he was doing with
them tickets, ami I don't remember what answer he made.
"Question. Do you know a man in your ward named
Hodgman ?
" Answer. I know one of that name—Joseph Hodgman.
" Question. Any man there named Sam. Hodgman ?
" Answer. None that 1 have heard of.
" Question. Have you inquired for any such man since
the election?
'• Answer. I have; but I didn't hear of any. I asked the
other Hodgman, but he knew of none.
" Question. Do you know a man named Harkelrode r
"Atiswer. No, sir.
u [Mr. Barret objects to all the testimony of this witness
as being incompetent, because it contains statements made
to him by others, his opinions and impressions, and espe-
cially to that pait which relates to names, numbers, marks,
and memoranda contained in the census returns, and to the
contents of the poll-books.]
" Questions by Mr. Barret:
« Question. Did you make out that list you read from ?
"Answer. No, sir.
" Question. Who made that hit?
" Ans-cer. I do not know.
(< Question. In your examination of the census returns,
did you iind tile names of others who were reported as Hr-
ing ia the ninth ward, and returned as unnaturalized?
"Answer. Yes.
« Question. Did you look to see whether their names
were upon the poll-books?
l> Answer. Yes.
" Question. Did you find any of them on the poll-books?
"Answer. Yes.
11 Question. Were there any German names among them:
" Answer. Well, some few.
" Question. Why did you not give us a list of them?
" Answer. I have given a part of them; inscratchmgthem
ofFI didn't make any designation whether theyweie Irish
or Dutch, or any other nation. ^
« Question, in scotching them ofl of what?
« Answer. The first list I made out when I was compar-
ing them.
« Qnestion. Comparing what?
" Answer. The census-book and poll-book of the ninth
ward. „ . ..
" Question. Did you make out a full list yourself.
Question. Did you make a full list of ail the names of
person-; returned as living in the ninth ward, and as unnat-
uralized and doubtful, and having only their first papers?
" Answer. Yet, every one.
« Question. Could you give fee all of those names?
-l Ansucr. Not now I couldn't.
« Question. Where is that list you made out?
« Ansv er. In making them outand comparing them, I put
it down with «i pencil, and alinwards I copied it, and, prob-
ably, burnt up the one I wrote with a pencil.
« Quesfion. Did you keep the one copied m ink?
" Answer. 1 did.
" Question. Where is it?
"Answer. 1 have it. .
Question. Was the list which you have given taken from
that list ?
u Ansiter. It was. . ,
" Question. Could vou notfurnish us with the original list
which contains all the names leturned as naturalized?
" Answer. Ye?, I could do it.
« Question. Will you please to read from it the names or
those persons which are not included in the list you have
given ?
u Answa'. No; I won't.
" Question. Why will you not? ,
"Answer. Becau-e I didn't come here for that purppfc.e.
i « Question. Did you come here only for the purpose
| giving the names which you have furnished.
