THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1860.
New Series No. 51.
any money or other property from any other coiporation,
and from any petson other than on$ of its stockholders on
deposit, and undei obligation to return it; nor shall the
said coiporation, at any time aftei the 1st of July, 1838,
receive or enter into any new obligations or liabilities," &c.
This adfcwas afterwards extended, in its provis-
ions, to all the banks in the District of Columbia
similarly situated. The banks, however, continued
to importune Congress; made various applications
for a renewal of their charters; and, failing in ob-
taining that, they determined to evade all the pro-
visions of the acts upon which their very existence
depended. I will state the manner in which the
thing was done. I read from the committee's
report:
'• Failing in their efforts to obtain the renewal of their
chaiters, the batiks detennined to evade, or i either fla-
grantly to violate, all the conditions imposed upon them by
the act of 3d July, 1840, adopting the provisions* of that of
2.">th May, 183S, to which reference has been hcictofore
made. i\o avioiu of law is better established, or moie uni-
vei.-ally recognized, than that no man or set of men can
convey to otheis a greater power than tlvit which they them-
selves possess: tne delegated power can never exceed the
ouginai. it would be idle to quote authority to establish a
principle ludimental. Tile mode of opeiauon, in the
case of the Bank of the Metropolis—and the same course
was substantially pursued by the other banks—was this :
the stockholders weie convened; the president and director?
were sclcctcd as trustees. They could not cxccute an as-
signment to themselves, and Itichaid Smith, the cashier,
was selected a* the agent and conduit thiough whom the
property and effects of the old were to pass to the trustees
of the new institution. The transfer was mads to Smith
on 3d July, 1844, who then assigned them to the trustees.
(Merrick vs. Trustees Hank of the Metiopolis, 8 Gill's Re-
ports, page 69.)
"It thus appears tliat tiie president and directors sold
nominally to their cushici, but, in fact, to themselves, as
tiustees, without consideration—or, if any weie named, it
wav, of course, puiely fictitious—all the a.-scts of tboir re-
spective institution*, with power to carry on a general bank-
ing business, without any of the lestncaons and safeguards
foi the community under which they had acted as corpo-
rations. A moie shameless attempt to evade the p\press
provisions of law cannot well be imagined ; ajid the com-
mittee believe that tf'the acts of May 25,1838, and 3d July,
1840, had been submitted to the court of appeals ol Maiy-
land, in the case of Mernek vs. Tiustees ot Bank of Me-
tiopolis, the decision would have been veiy dttfeirnt. In
that ease it was decided that the penal sections ot 3d Match,
1817, to which the committee will allude jii connection
with the legality of the piesent issues of notes by these
banks, weie ic pealed; thatconsequently a note discounted
by the bank in the cndinaiy couise of business, the pio-
ceeds of which would be paid out in the bills of the hank,
was not given for an illegal consideration, and theiefore
not null and void."
Several attempts have been made to enforce the
penalty of that law of 1817; but the court here,
the court in Maryland, have botii decided that the
act of 1838 repealed the law of 1817; so that it is
perfectly evident that my statement is unquali-
fiedly correct. There is an entire absence of
any remedy to control the existence or coaduct of
these institutions or corporations, or the acts of
individuals, in the issuing of notes of any and
every denomination; and they may do it without
stint, without restriction of any sort, and without
the least security for their redemption on present-
ation. I say that that fact is established; there
is no remedy. It is now for Congress to decide
•whether a remedy shall be applied.
The committee, in making Phis report, have said
that they would submit the question to the Senate
whether it was desirable to have any banks of issue
in the District of Columbia; thatifitwas thfropin-
ion of the Senate that they should exist under
proper restrictions, and the committee should be
instructed to report a bill to that effect, they would
cheerfully undertake the task; but that is a piece
of legislation which will occupy much time, and
Erobably not obtain the sanction of the other
ranch of Congress for some years: in the mean-
while this remedy ought, at least, to be tempora-
rily applied.
Mr. CLARK. Mr. President, I do not propose
to submit any remarks on the banking system, or
* the want of any banking system, in this District.
I design and desire, however, to call the attention
of the Senator from Louisiana to this bill. It
seems to me there is an inconsistency, a contra-
diction, in the bill which the committee ha\e sub-
mitted to the Senate. As I understand the object
of the Senator, it is, in the first place, to prevent
the issue, entirely, of any bank bills within this
District, or the circulation of any bank bills issued
by anybody within the District.
Mr. SLIDELL. That is the object.
Mr. CLARK. And then, in the second pkice,
to prevent the circulation of any bank bills, is-
sued by any person or corporation within the Dis-
trict, of a less denomination than twenty dollars.
Those arc the two objects. Now, I desire to in-
vite the attention of the Senator from Louisiana
to the bill, to sec if there is not an inconsistency
in it, and whether the bill does not leave the mat-
ter indistinct. I have studied the bill with some
care, and I confess that I should not have been
able to understand the object desired, had I not
gathered it from the remarks of the Senator from
Louisiana. The first section provides—
"That fiom and after the 1st day of Apiil next, it shall
not be lawful for any person or persons, oi -my association,
paitnership, or company of individuals, whether chartered
or unchaitercd, within the District of Columbia, directly
or indirectly, to is<ue or i eis-aie, or pay out, pass, exchange,
or put m cnculation, any bank note."
That is the first section. You shall not put in cir-
culation any bank note at all, whether issued-  
Mr. SL1DELL. I will state to the Senator
from New Hampshire that perhaps the intention
of the bill may not have been expressed as fully
and clearly as it might be.
Mr. CLARK. I simply desire to call the at-
tention of the Senator to that fact, that he may
examine and see whether his bill has not such
inconsistencies as should not be m a law of the
United States.
Mr. SLIDELL. If the Senator finds any am-
biguity in the bill, it will be very easy to correct
it, by inserting in the fourteenth line of the first
section, after the word " unchartered," the words
" within the District of Columbia," so as to read
" issued, or purporting to be issued, by any per-
son or persons, or any association, partnership,
or company of individuals, whether chartered or
unchartered, within the District of Columbia."
Mr. CLARK. That will effect it to a certain
ex te nt.
Mr. SLIDELL. I will accept that.
Mr. CLARK. Then 1 wish to call the atten-
tion of the Senator from Louisiana to another
want of the bill, it seems to me. If you are to
cut off the circulation of bank notes in this sort of
way, suppose a person within this District has
some foreign bills under the denomination of
twenty dollars, or they are sent to him here: he
ought not to be prohibited from carrying those bills
to a bioker and transferring them to him as uncur-
rcnt money to be sent back to their proper place
of destination*, but it seems to me this bill cuts
off that privilege entirely. If 1 have bills of ten
dollars'denomination here, and I want to cairy
them to a broker and realize on them, 1 cannot
do it under this bill.
Mr. SLIDELL. I think the Senator from New
Hampshire is mistaken.
Mr. CLARK. I should thank the Senator from
Louisiana to show me.
Mr. SLIDELL. I should not call that circula-
ting or passing th<- bill. It would be the sale of
the bill as so much merchandise.
Mr. CLARK. It is not so much circulation;
but you provide in the second section that U shall
not be transferred. I transfer it in that case to the
broker. The section says I shall not transfer it.
The Senator's object may be a good one; but I
am surprised to learn, as I do now, that the banks
of this District are in such a condition that there
is no restraint upon them; but certainly it seems
to me that this bill ought to be looked at with
great care before it is passed. It cuts large and
wide, and is inconsistent with its own provisions.
I desire simply to call the attention of the Sena-
tor to these facts.
Mr. SLIDELL. My answer, I think, will be
very satisfactory to the Senator from Ne w Hamp-
shire. The second section declares that—
u Fiom and alter the 1st day of Apul next, it shall not
be lawful foi any peison or persons, oi any association, pait-
nership, or company of individuals whether chattered oi
unchaitered, withm the Distuet of Columbia, directly or
indirectly, to issue or reissue, or pay out, pass, exchange,
put in circulation, transfer"—
That does not mean a sale. In my opinion a
transfer means a passage from hand to nand, in
the ordinary course of business, and for the appa-
rent value of the note on its face.
—"pi cause to be issued,paid out,passed, exchanged, cir-
culated, or translet red, any bank note, note, bill, certificate,
or any acknowledgment of indebtedness whatsoever, pur-
porting to be a bank note," &c.
Certainly the case that has been suggested by
the Senator from New Hampshire would not come
within the provisions of this section. He sup-
poses the case of a person arriving in the District
of Columbia with a certain number of bank n^tef,
of a denomination less than twenty dollars. He
is not permitted to circulate them; but nothing
prevents him selling them, as in the case proposed
by the Senator from Now Hampshire, to a broker,
who will send them back to the place whence they
were issued for redemption.
Mr. CLARK. It seems to me that it does di-
rectly prevent him from selling and transferring
them. If the Senator's bill was expressed that
he should not transfer them, with a view that they
should go into circulation, that would be well
enough; but here is abald, naked expression that
he shall not transfer them, without any reference
to what is to be done with them when they are
transferred. It seems to me that the bill ought to
be guarded. Tt is open to that objection, and will
lead to difficulty.
Mr. SLIDELL. I will repeat to the Senator
from New Hampshire that I am extremely de-
sirous to accept any suggestion he may make,
tending to perfect the bill and carry out the sug-
gestions of the committee; and if he thinks there
is anything ambiguous about the word "trans-
fer," I have no sort of objection to its being"
strickcn out. If the Senator will make that mo-
tion, I will assent to it.
Mr. CLARK. I have not taken the bill in my
charge to make amendments to it. I only wanted
to suggest to the Senator w&hat seemed to me ob-
jections that he could remedy.
Mr. BAYARD. I suggest whether the diffi-
culty the Senator presents, will not be met by in-
serting, after the woid ""unchartered,"inthe four-
teenth line, the words "located or resident in the
District of Columbia."
Mr. CLARK. That is in the first section.
Mr. BAYARD. Yes, in the first section insert,
after the word "unchartered," in the fourteenth
line, the words "located or resident in the District
of Columbia."
Mr. CLARK. That would do, and I had writ-
ten that in my manuscript here.
Mr. BAYARD. That would confine the oper-
ation of the section to the issuing of notes pur-
porting to be bank notes for circulation, by per-
sons located or resident in the District. I think
that would obviate the difficulty.
Mr. CLARK. I will read what I had prepared
as a substitute for the first section, though I have
not moved any amendment:
That from and after the 1st day of April next, it shall not
be lawful for any person oi persons,oi body corpoi ate, with-
in the Ihstuet of Columbia, directly oi indirectly, to issue
or reissue,or payout, pass, exchange, or putm circulation,
any hank note, bill, certificate, or any acknowledgment of
indebtedness whatsoever, purporting to be a bank note, or
calculated forcirculation, issuing or purporting to be issued
by anv poison oi persons, or coiporation within the District
of Columbia.
I think there is an unnecessary verbiage about
this section of the bill, and it would be better if
the whole matter was somewhat reformed. It
says you shall not put in circulation, pay out, or
transfer any certificate or anything of the nature,
character, or appcarancc of a bank note. -I have
seen some shop bills that had exactly the appear-
ance of a bank note, though not designed for any
such thing. It seems to me the whole section
can be reformed. I do not propose to move any
amendment. I desire to call the Senator's atten-
j tion to it.
Mr. SLIDELL. In order to obviate the ob-
jcctioiv of the Senator from New Hampshire, I
j move to strike out the word " transfer ' ill the
| seventh line, tfnd the word " transferred" ill the
I eighth line of the second section, and after the
51
