802
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
word " unchartered" in the fourteenth line of the
first section, to insert the words " within the Dis-
trict of Columbia."
Mr. CLARK. I ask, also, if the Senatorwill
not strike out the word " exchange?" You carry
youruncurrentraoney to the brokers andexchange
it for good money.
Mr. SLIDELL. As we contemplate abolish-
ing paper money within the District of Columbia,
1 do not know what it is to be exchanged for.
Mr. CLAR'K. I might exchange it for gold.
Mr. SLIDELL. Then that is a sale of the
paper, I suppose.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I would suggest to my col-
league that he does not propose to abolish the
circulation of paper money in the District.
Mr. SLIDELL. Under twenty dollars.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Undcrtwentydollarsonly.
A party comes here with notes from other States
ufidc^i twenty dollars. He takes them to a broker
and exchanges them for notes over twenty dol-
lars, the circulation of which is allowed in the
District. This bill would prohibit that.
Mr. SLIDELL. There is something in that
objection. My colleague can point out how it can
be obviated.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Simply by striking out the
word " exchange."
Mr. SLIDELL. I will accept that suggestion
to strike out the word " exchange,"in the second
section.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, my residence in
the State' of Virginia is not very remote from the
District of Columbia; and the feet that the State
itself borders on the District of Columbia, and has
many channels of commerce leading into and con-
nected with the District of Columbia, gives to a
portion, at least, of those people whom I repre-
sent some direct interest in the legislation which
may take place for the District, more especially
in regard to that which may affect its business.
Besides that, a long sojourn within the District of
Columbia has given mo, as doubtless to other gen-
tlemen, a feeling of sympathy and kindness in
everything- that affects the affinrs of the people of
this District.
The District of Columbia is the only spot, as
far as I recollect, within the United States, that is
brought immediately i^ider the municipal control
of Congress. The control which is exercised by
Congress over the Territories which stand, for
some purpose, alike related to the Federal Gov-
ernment, is exercised vicariously by Congress
through the Territorial Legislatures; but the Dis-
trict of Columbia has been left entirely to the im-
mediate intervention, the actual legislation of Con-
gress,in all matters affecting evenitamostminute
interests. I do not know that that relation ever can
be, or perhaps ought to be, disturbed between the
District of Columbia and the Congress of the
United States; but it really docs seem to me that
insomuch as the presence of Congress here now,
during more than half a century, and the large
sums of money that are expended annually by
Congrass within the District, have brought within
it a very large population, chiefly confined to the
city of Washington; because that part which was
taken from Virginia has been restored to Vir-
ginia; and inasmuch as very large business inter-
ests have grown up in that population, they have
no exterior commerce, or comparatively very little;
but they have a great deal of that domestic com-
merce and exchange which materially interests
their welfare. In undertaking to legislate in a
matter that must necessarily and materially and
sensibly affect the general interests of the District,
it would be reasonable to allow the people of the
District to suggest what form of legislation would
be best for them.
I knowwhen this committee was raised during
the last Congress; according to my recollection"
it was at a time when the banks in the District,
and the.banks out of the District all through the
country, had suspended the payment of specie.
An inquiry was then raised and referred to a select
committee to determine what form of legislation
should be applied here m the District to correct
the evils that resulted from that suspension of
specie payments. A bill was reported, which
was not acted on at the last session. The hon-
orable Senator from Louisiana has renewed it at
this session, and reported the same bill that was
reported then. Now, I am not aware, sir, that
any petition—any request in any form—has come
from the people of the District to Congress asking
their intervention in this matter. If I state incor-
rectly, the Senator will correct me.
Mr. SLIDELL. Certainly not. That is pre-
cisely what is complained of. There is no dis-
position on the part of the people of the District
of Columbia, who have taken an interest in this
matter, to have any regulation at all. They spurn
that and reject it. They do not come here and
ask us to pass a banking law hedged round with
proper restrictions for the protection of the com-
munity; but they insist upon banking without
law, and against law, and in violation of law.
They have never asked for any legislation upon
the subject, that would enable them to engage in
the business of banking with security to the pub-
lic. They desire to be lawless, unrestrained, un-
controlled, as they are to-day. That is the fault
that is to be found.
Mr. MASON. If the honoiable Senator from
Louisiana means to say that a population now, I
presume, exceeding sixty thousand people, in the
District of Columbia, comprising, I doubt not, as
much of morals, and as much of intelligence as
any sixty thousand people to be found anywhere
in our country, do present the character of a law-
less population 
Mr. SLIDELL. I am sure the Senator from
Virginia will permit me to interrupt him. I cer-
tainly made no charge of that sort. I said that
the men who were engaged in banking here pre-
fer to bank without law and without restriction.
That is all I said. I certainly did not mean to
insinuate that the people of the District of Colum-
bia are lawless; but I do not know that they are
any better than the same number of people in any
other part of the country.
Mr. MASON. I was discussing what was re-
quired by the people of the District, the sixty
thousand and odd inhabitants who occupy it. I
say, that no petition of any kind has come from
them, so far as I know, on this subject; not any
request to have the condition of their banking in-
stitutions lookedanto, or inquired into. The Sena-
tor replies, " Certainly they have not; they want
to be left to their present lawless way." I was
bound, therefore, to infer that he used that term
in reference to the condition of things that 1 was
discussing.
Now, sir, I apprehend that the people of the
District of Columbia know as well what their in-
terests require as any other people on earth, and
they are as capable of conducting them; and if
the institutions to which the Senator refers were
of that lawless and predatory character, their dep-
redations would be committed on the people around
them; they would be the sufferers; they would
find that these frauds and peculations were com-
mitted on them by lawless men acting without the
authority of law, and they would come before
Congress properly, to ask that the proper remedy
should be applied. I say I have heard of no such
application of any kind or description. If it be
true that any mischiefs do result from the present
system of banking in the District of Columbia, I
doubt not that the intelligence of the people, and
the safety and the security of their property ^ would
at once prompt the people of the District to coino
up and present their grievance, and ask to have it
redressed; and I have a right to take the opposite
of the proposition. This bill has been depending
here now for nearly two years, and if they do no!
come to ask that this grievance may be redressed,
or these remedies may be applied, we are bound
to infer that the grievance does not exist.
I will state at once that I have not been in com-
munication with any gentleman connected with
any banking institution here, during this session
or last session, cxccpt one accidental conversa-
tion. The part I take in this matter is piompted
only by my general knowledge, personal knowl-
edge of, and business intercourse with, the people
of this District. Part of my patrimonial posses-
sion is in the District; some of it is here now. My
residence at one time, when a boy, was within the
District. The inheritance of my father in Vir-
ginia was a pait of that which was cut off from
Virginia and given to the District. Thus I was
brought personally, and have so continued to some
extent, m intimate business relations with the
people of the District; and I know that if any of
these actual evils and grievances existed, far less
any frauds, I should have been one of the recip-
ients of these grievances.
I say, then, Mr. President, with my ideas of
legislation, it is but reasonable and just not to ex-
periment on the people of the District; not to adopt
a system of legislation which, in the abstract, may
be wise, for all that I know, but, in* its applica-
tion, may be erroneous. Would it not be far safer,
would it not be due to the people of this District,
over whom we have the exclusive} control, at least
in providing for thenj voluntarily on our part, ori-
ginating measures for their advantage, that wc
should look to some extent, at least, to what takes
place ill the adjoining States ? Look at all the
States that adjoin the District of Columbia. Are
there not banking institutions in every one of
them' In my own State—Virginia—the banks,
I think unfortunately, are multiplying every day,
and scattering through the community. In the
adjoining State of Maryland there are also banks;
and if there be a State in the Union where there
are not banks of issue, banks issuing money for
circulation, I am not aware of it. I know some
have attempted to fetter it, and have been obliged
to give it up.
In this particular matter the facts have passed
under my eye, and I am sorry to say that I am
old enough to recollect the whole of them. Banks
were chartered in the District of Columbia at a
very early day. The bank charters expired, as
was shown in the report of the honorable Sena-
tor, in 1836; and in 1836 or 1837 came that first
great revulsion in the moneyed affairs, the busi-
ness affairs, the exchanges of the country, which
resulted in a stoppage of all the banks in the coun-
try. Then the idea was promulged of forcing an
exclusive circulation in gold and silver, by a sup-
pression of all banks of every kind. No subject
was more thoroughly discussed through the whole
country than the general subject of banks having
authority to issue paper. A great attempt was
made by Federal legislation; it did not pass into
a law, but it was very seriously projected and
very much discussed, in some way to prohibit
the State banks from issuing bank paper below a
certain amount. It all failed.' The States were
left, as they had the right to be, in the unrestricted
control over all matters that affected their inter-
ests in reference to money and exchanges, com-
merce and everything else; and the result has
been, we let things alone, and banks have in-
creased and multiplied. Here, in the District of
Columbia alone, where there was a foreign and
irresponsible body, the Congress of the United
States having control, the Federal veto was put
upon incorporated banks. Congress refused to
renew the charters. They extended them from
time to time, from 1836 up to 1844, only to allow
them to sue and recover debts, &c., as they should
expire. The lastof these charters expiied in 1844.
Now, the honorable Senator has said, and I
think the report says, if I recollect the language,
that the corporators, the stockholders in the banks
which had theretofore been chartered, attempted
a shameless evasion of the spirit of the legislation
of Congress by continuing these banks fn a new
form. It may have struck the honorable Senator
in that light; I confess I do not so regard it.
Mr. SLIDELL. That is the unanimous re-
port of the committee.
Mr. MASON. It is in the report of the com-
mittee, and I think the Senator used the same
expression. It struck them in that light, doubt-
less. It does not sUike me in that light at all.
What was itJ Take one of these banks here—
the Bank of Washington, or the Bank of the Me-
tropolis, or any other one. It was an incorpo-
rated institution, and its charter expired m 1844.
I he assets of that bunk were the private property
of the stockholders. The capital of the Bank of
the Metropolis, I think, is $350,000 or $400,000,
as stated in the report. I have no other knowl-
edge of it; I have no connection with any of the
banks; I am fortunately not in debt to any of
them—have no earthly connection with them "that
I know of. The charter expired, and this prop-
erty remained in their hands, to be disposed of as
they pleased; not in violation of any law, I agree,
but they had the same control over that property "
that I have over my property, or any Senator on
this floor has over his; and they had a perfect
right to put that property to the most available
uses that the laws would allow. What did tlicy
do? I have no particular information about the
facts, but I have no doubt they took the advice
of counsel learned in the law, to know whether
