2766
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
between the names on the census lists and those
on the poll-books.
Mr. MARSTON then addressed the House for
one hour upon the same subject. [His speech
will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speak-
er, I want a few minutes to state the grounds of
my vote. We all know perfectly well- how im-
possible it is for every member of this House to
wade through the testimony, to analyze it, to ex-
amine the law applicable to it, and to form an
opinion for himself. Hence it that committees
are appointed to examine all these cases, and re-
port their conclusions; and, in my judgment, our
proper course of action here,if we would acthon-
estly and intelligently, must be founded upon
those conclusions, and not upon our own knowl-
edge of facts which none of-us pretend to know.
And unless it be shown that the committee have
come toa wrong conclusion,byimproperconduct
on their part or by gross mistake, 1 take it, as I
do every other award, to be correct.
I take it that it is a great misfortune that we
have not adopted the act of Parliament called, I
believe, the Grenville act, by which a committee
is drawn and sworn; and when they report, their
report is final and conclusive. No action is ever
taken in the House of Commons upon it, but a
member is seated or unseated upon the simple re-
port of the committee. It is a great misfortune that
we have not adopted the same rule here. They
have adopted it in some of the States, and it has
everywhere been found to work well. Itis upon
the principle that it is idle to-expect two, three, or
six hundred members each for himself to examine
a thousand pagesof testimony, and draw his con-
clusion from it. If there were nothing else, and
no gross error shown on the part of the commit-
tee, I should sustain them upon the ground which
I have mentioned. But there is enough in this
report, in a small enough compass for me to look
at, to lead my mind to the same conclusion that
the committee have come to, independently of the
canvass of individual votes. Sir, these are four
precincts in which it seems there is but a small
population—outlying precincts; one a mere coal
mine, and the other a small village that cannot
contain more than a thousand inhabitants, since
the vote at preceding; elections was only 200.
Now, in these outlying districts, where there is
a small population, it appears that at this con-
tested election the increase of votes was some
eleven or twelve hundred. In the first precinct,
the increase of the Democratic vote was fourfold;
in the second, over sixfold; in the third, tenfold;
and in the fourth, fourfold.
This is a remarkable thing. Conversions do
not take place in this way, except by miracle or
money. Voters do not creed that fast in Mis-
souri, oranywhere else. I admit, if the poll-books
were given in evidence, and there was nothing to
impeach them, that it would be evidence there
was that number of voters there, however incred-
ible it might appear.
It is shown that in these precincts the judges
were not sworn. It is shown that they did not
swear the voters who were said to have gone
there from other districts. It is shown that they
did not return any copies of oaths. According to
adjudged cases, when there has been such irreg-
ularity and such presumption of fraud as is shown
in this great increase, and in the refusal to swear
the voters, the law is that their certificates of re-
turn are no evidence in the case. I do not mean
to say that none of the votes are good, but that
the returned certificates of the judges of the elec-
tion, under circumstances amounting to a violent
presumption of fraud, are no evidence of the fact
contained; and every man who alleges that there
was a legal voter in these districts, and claims it
to be counted for himself, is thrown upon the
proof that such a fact exists, which proof must
be made independently of the papers returned.
That proof must be made by independent evi-
dence. Such are the adjudged cases, and such is
reason. If you follow that rule, and throw out
these returns, Mr. Blair is elected by 156 major-
ity. I want to go no further. I do not want to
go into other precincts to find whether there were
illegal votes cast there. Here is a majority of
votes proved to be legal—a majority of 156 for
Mr. Blair.  
No man, sir, can deny the decisions. The law
was decided in the great contested case in Phila-
delphia. Why is it so? Because, if you allow
these small precincts to be crammed; if you allow
the officers to act irregularly, and not in compli-
ance with the law, it will be easy to elect who-
everyouchoose. IntwoprecinctsinPhiladelphia,
it was proved thirty-one hundred fraudulent votes
were put in just in that way. Some were put in
by .men, and some put in in the name of men who
never existed. I trust the day has come when
this Congress is ready to show an example of
allowing no man to take anything by immense
and fraudulent increase of votes. I trust, in this
case, it will be shown that, unless these votes are
all legal, and shown to be so by independent testi-
mony—independent of the papers made out by the
officers—they shall not be received. I trust that
the time has come when we will put an extin-
guisher upon the system of ballot-box stuffing,
of takingvotes in dead men's names,andoftaking
the votes of men from all quarters, and half a dozen
times over, which, I regret to state, prevails in
my own State as well as elsewhere. ,
Mr. PHELPS obtained the floor, but yielded to
Mr. WEBSTER. I have no inclination, Mr.
Speaker, to go into an argument upon the merits
of this case; but it will be recollected, when the
gentleman from New Hampshire [Mr. Marston]
was upon the floor, that I propounded an interrog-
atory to him. He was referring to the great in-
crease of votes in the ninth ward of the city of
St. Louis, as between the election for Congress
in 1856 and the election for Congress in 1858, as
an evidence of fraud in the election of 1858. I
put the question to the gentleman, whether, in
the succeeding April—April, 1859—there was not
an election held in the city of St. Louis for mu-
nicipal officers, at which election there were over
two hundred and fifty more votes cast in that
same ninth ward than at the election of 1858,
when the increase in the vote of that ward since
the election of 1856 is claimed in this case to give
a color and presumption of fraud, on account
of which we should reject the entire returns from
that ward. The gentleman—the contestant—then
interrupted me with an array of figures. Not
being able, at that time, to obtain the floor to
give an immediate reply, I have risen now, by
the courtesy of my friend from Missouri, [Mr.
Phelps,] to say just a word in reply to the con-
testant. The contestant misapprehended my re-
marks. His figures refer to the whole vote of
the city of St. Louis. I was speaking of the vote
of the ninth ward alone, to which the gentleman
from New Hampshire was referring when I in-
terrupted him, and not the vote of the whole
city. What are the facts? They are as I stated
them to the gentleman from New Hampshire.
At the April election, in 1859, the increase of the
vote in the ninth ward over, that cast in 1858 is
284.
Mr. DAWES. Has the gentleman the vote
for alderman in the same ward?
Mr. WEBSTER. I have the vote for mayor,
certified to by the register of the city of St.
Louis.
Mr. DAWES. The vote for alderman was
some two hundred less, showing that men voted
for mayor who did not vote for alderman. Men
could come from other wards and vote in that
ward for mayor, but they could not vote for al-
derman of the ward. The vote was, of course,
less for the Democratic candidate for alderman
than it was for the Democratic candidate for mayor.
The record shows that some two hundred or more
voted for the Democratic candidate for mayor than
voted for the Democratic candidate for alderman.
Mr. WEBSTER. Upon the gentleman'sown
admission, there must have been an increase in
the vote of that ward from 1858 to 1859. He says
there was a difference between the vote for alder-
man and the vote for mayor of about two hun-
dred. Now, the increased voteformayorwas284.
There must, then, have been an increase upon the
vote for alderman, although it was smaller than
the increase upon the vote for mayor. But there
is no evidence that two hundred votes went out
of other wards to vote for the candidate for mayor
in this ninth ward—none whatever. The point
made by the gentleman from New Hampshire on
the part of the contestant is, that the increase
from 1856 to 1858, in the vote in that ninth ward,
issogreatas to'throw around it the color of fraud.
From August, 1858. to April, 1859, a period of
eight months, the increase was 284. Apply the
same rate of increase to the two years preceding
August, 1858, and it will be 852—a greater in-
crease than actually did occur.
Another point made is that this increase is en-
tirely in favor of the sitting member. Prom Au-
gust, 1858, to April, 1859, the increase is entirely
for the Republican candidate for mayor. If, then,
the increase of vote from August, 1856, to Au-
gust, 1858, being in favor of the sitting member,
proves fraud on his part, then the increase of vote,
from August, 1858, to April, 1859, must also
prove fraud on the part of "the Republican candi-
date for mayor. Thus, the House will perceive,
there is nothing in the argument of gentlemen on
these points.
I will give a few figures, taken from the printed
testimony in this case, to show that I was right
in my first statement to the gentleman from New
Hampshire. In 1858, the aggregate vote of the
ninth ward was 1,601, and in April, 1859 the ag-
gregate vote in that ward for municipal officers
was 1,881. In 1858 the vote for Mr. Barret was
910,,and in 1859 the vote for the Democratic can-
didate for mayor was 910; exactly the safne. In
1858 the vote for Mr. Breckinridge, the Ameri-
can candidate for Congress, was 280, and in 1859
the vote for Mr. Wyman, the American candi-
date for mayor, was 287. In 1858 the vote for
Mr. Blair was 420, and in 1859 the vote for Mr.
Filley, the Republican candidate for mayor, was
684. These figures speak for themselves.
Mr. PHELPS took the floor.
Mr. DAWES. I supposed that it was the un-
derstanding we should nave the previous question
after two heurs of debate. The gentleman and
myself made an arrangement that Mr. Steven-
son and Mr. Marston should make speeches,
and that then the previous question should be
called. I do not, however, wish to deprive the
gentleman of an opportunity of speaking, if he
desires to.
Mr. PHELPS. I did make some such sug-
gestion. 1 learned, however, afterwards, that the
gentleman from Kentucky intended to occupy his
whole hour, and that a member of the committee
would also occupy an hour, leaving me no oppor-
tunity to make a few remarks.
Mr. DAWES. I cannot interrupt the gentle-
man. I have only stated what I supposed was
tjic understanding.
Mr. PHE LPS. Mr. Speaker, we are now called
upon to decide a contested election arising in the
State of Missouri. So far as respects the parties,
the sitting member, and the contestant, it is a mat-
ter of but little importance what decision shall be
made; but it is important to the House; it is im-
portant to the people of the State of Missouri; and
especially to the people of the county of St. Louis,
that the decision shall be so made as to carry out
the expressed will of the people, and not to vio-
late it. In that point of view, it is important. It
is a question of great magnitude to the people of
the first congressional district, whether they shall
have their voice spoken by a man for whom the
majority cast its vote, or by a man who received
only a minority vote.
You are invoked to adopt the report of the ma-/
jority of the Committee of Elections by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] who
takes occasion to refer to the course pursued in
the English Parliament, where a committee is de-
tailed and sworn to render a verdict in the case.
We pursue a different course here. We are our-
selves the judges. We are ourselves the triers.
The object of appointing aCommittee of Elections
is, that when these election cases are referred to
them, the committee shall make a thorough ex-
amination and report to the House. It is intended
that they shall set forth the facts upon which their
report is based; that they will refer to the evi-
dence that will surely establish the conclusion to
which they have arrived. In this case we have a
committee divided.
I pass by the political proclivities of the mem-
bers of the committee. The committee was or-
ganized in accordance with the practice under
which committees have always been organized in
this House. The Republican party having the
largest number in the House, has a right to the
largest number of members on that committee.
Upon this committee, each of the parties of the
House is represented. I have no complaint to
make of the committee; buC in this case you find
that the members of the committee belonging to
