I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL SLOBEv
36th Cong—1st Sess. The FUUbustermg Policy of the Sham Democracy—Mr. Perry,
Ho. OJ1 Rei^:
able as a matter of sound national policy. I be-
lieve that every proposition of this kind must
stand or fall upon its own merits, independent of
the operations of any arbitrary lules.
Again I assert, there is a marked distinction to
be made between the acquision of foreign terri-
tory in its wilderness state, and territory already
peopled. I lay it down as a sound rule, subjcct
only to the exceptions incident to all general
rules, that it is against a sound national policy
ever to acquire foreign territory, already inhab-
ited, unless the people thereof, by their virtue
and intelligence, are fitted for self-government.
_ 1. My first objection to the acquisition of for-
eign soil is based upon the fact that we now have
territory enough for all purposes. We have a
sufficient extent of sea-coast and inland communi-
cations, through gulfs, lakes, and navigable riv-
ers, all lined with good and safe harbors, to an-
swer all the wants and necessities of navigation
and commerce.
Our country abounds in all the rich resources
of mineral wealth, and is interspersed all over
with forests, yielding an abundant supply of wood
and timber. For agricultural purposes, our re-
sources are inexhaustible. According to the cen-
sus of 1850, we had 1,763,363,684 acres of land
in the limits of the Union—of this, about one sixth,
or 293,560,614 acres, including improved and un-
improved, were occupied; leaving 1,467,803,070
acres unoccupied.
From the same census, it appears that the aver-
age amount of land in a single farm was 203 acres.
Allowing that one fifth instead of one sixth of the
whole territory is n&w occupied, it would make,
at 200 acres of land to the farm, 7,015,455 farms
yet to be occupied. So that, taking the popula-
tion of 1850 and the ratio of land then occupied,
compared with the lesidue unoccupied, we now
have land enough for agricultural purposes to sus-
tain a population of more than one hundred and
thirty million. Thus it will be seen we now have
land enough to sustain the prospective population
of this country foi inure than a century to come.
2. 1 am opposed to the further acquisition of
territory, on account of the cost.
The Secretary of the Treasury, in his report to
the present Congress, says that the public debt of
the united States on the 1st of July, 1858, was
$25,155,977 66; and on the 30th of June, 1850,
£58,754,699 33. From this it appears tiie present
Administration has in a single year run us in debt
$33,597,721 67. The President, in his last an-
nual message, informs the country that, m car-
rying on the Government fur the last fiscal year,
it cost the enormous sum of ^88,090,787 11.
Here is the mortifying spectacle presented to
the American people, of a President, the repre-
sentative of a party calling itself " Democratic,"
absorbing the whole revenue of the Government,
borrowing forty million, and more than doubling
the public debt in a single year, at the same time
calling upon Congress to vote him $30,000,000,
to be used as an advance payment to Spam for
the purchase of Cubn. All this has been done
by Mr. Buchanan, with a full knowledge on his
part that our Government, upon one occasion at
least, secretly offered Spam two hundred million
for Cuba, and that Government refused to enter-
tain the proposition for a moment.
The President has not only been intriguing for
Cuba, but his paid emissaries have been plotting
with Juarez for Sonora, Chihuahua, and Lower
California, in Mexico. A permanent national
debt, to drag down the people by ruinous exor-
bitant taxation, is the policy of James Buchanan
and his party.
The amount of purchase money paid is, after
all, a small item, compared with the expense en-
tailed upon us by the annexation of foieign ter-
ritory. Past history proves this. Florida cost
us originally but five million; yet there followed
a war against the Indians, and to hunt fugitive
slaves who had taken refuge among them, which
took from the national Treasury more than one
hundred million.
Texas, when she was annexed, was said to
come in without cost to us; yet we paid ten mil-
lion to settle her boundary claim, ten million
more for her indemnity claim, and seven million
seven hundred and fifty thousand dollars for her
creditors, by act of the Thirty-Third Congress.
This was not all; her annexation led to live
Mexican war, which cost us, according to-there-
port of the Secretary of Warin 1851, $217,175,575.
Unless the filibustering schemes of Mr. Buch-
anan and his party can be intercepted by hurling
them from power, they will entail a public debt
upon the American people, eternal as that of Eng-
land; which nation, great and powerful as she is,
is in the hands of the money power—while the
Rothschilds and Barings are a "power behind
the throne, greater than the throne itself."
3. To acquire foreign territory at the present
time would involve us in difficulties with foreign
Powers. 1 have already alluded to the Mexican
war which followed as one of the fruits of the
annexation of Texas. No portion of Mexico
could be annexed, by negotiation and treaty,
without leading to belligerent demonstrations on
the part of some of the factions in that distracted
country. Juarez rules at Vera Cruz, and Mira-
mon in the city of Mexico. Any kind of treaty
that our Government could make with Juarez,
for the annexation of Lower California, Chihua-
hua, Soiroia, or any other Mexican State, would
be casus belli with the Miramon party. In proof
of this, let mo call your attention to the fact that
the capture of the two Mexican steamers before
Vera Cruz, by Captain Turner—an act, in my
judgment, unwise and indiscreet, if not contrary
to the law of nations, was followed by a decree
of Miramon, ordering the Americans out of the
country, and their property confiscated. And I
am not certain that Miramon has not a right to
protest against the acts of Captain Turner; for,
notwithstanding the Administration justify his
conduct, they do it at the expense of claiming
what tliey emphatically denied to England in the
Gulf two years ago, and that, too, at the hazard
of a collision with the British Government. Jt
may be said, m reply, we could send our armies
and navies,and crush out and conquer the Mira-
mon Government. So we could; and so we
could, with a spiut of vandalism, overrun and
conquer all Mexico; but it would be a sin against
God, an outrage upon a weak neighboring Repub-
lic, and an eternal disgrace to the American name.
It is these collisions and difficulties that I am ar-
guing against. I would avoid them by minding
our own business, taking care of our own affairs,
and leave other nations to settle their difficulties
in their own way.
Again: we never can annex Cuba to this Gov-
ernment, without disturbing the peaceable rela-
tions existing between us and the European Pow-
ers. England would never suffer Cuba to become
a Fiench province, without her national inter-
ference; neither would France suffer her to pass
under the British Crown, and both of these great
Powers would unite against her annexation to the
United States. It is no answer to my argument
to say that if we should purchase Cuba it would
be none of their business. I am dealing with the
fact, and not with the right or wrong of the matter,
so far as England and Franceare concerned. Every
man who has a thimbleful of statesmanship in
his brains, must know, and does know, that all
past attempts on our part to negotiate with Spain
for the purchase of Cuba have been looked upon
with a jealous, watchful eye, by both of these
Governments; and, upon more than one occasion,
both the English and French ministry, in their
diplomatic intercourse with Spain, have formally
" protested" against any such act on her part.
Both of these Governments have adopted, and
continue to maintain, a policy adverse to chattel
negro slavery.
4. The annexation of foreign territory conupts
the ballot-box, and more especially would this be
true by the acquisition of Cuba, or any portion
of Mexico, or Central America.
The purity of the ballot-box is the only safety
of a Republic. Destroy this, and you destroy the
whole superstructure. Virtue and intelligence are
our only safeguards in this respect. Men, to vote
understanding^, must possess intelligence; they
should understand at least something of our lan-
guage, our manners, customs, and laws; and,
as a requisite, absolutely necessary to the right
discharge of this duty, they should understand
the theory and practical operation of our Govern-
ment.
No intelligent statesman will controvert the
premises here assumed. Arguing from these,-let*
u  look at the condition of things th«t would fol-
low the annexation of all or any of the ternary
above referredto. In order to a right understand-
ing of this, the character of the population the ter-.
ritory would bring with if should be explained.
In Cuba, according to Colton's Geography,?
there wore, in 1850, 1,009,06$ inhabitants, ofe
this population, 509,998 were whites, 176,647^©-
blacks, aild 268,717 slaves. Of the white popula-
tion, 90,000 were Spaniards, 25,000 Canary Isl-
anders, 3,000 French, 1,000 English* and about:
3,000 North Americans'. The people, as a mass,*
are grossly-ignorant. According to the sarae au~*
thor, there are but 460 teachers in primary schools
in the whole island. According to the best sta-
tistics I can gather upon the subject, not one child
in fifty has any means of education afforded them
whatever.
Let us now turn our attention to Mexico, and
take a look at the character of her population.
The Republic of Mexico is divided into twenty-
one States, three Territories, and one federal
district. According to the census of 1851, she
had a population of 7,661,520 souls. Colton-, in
his Geography, which is as good authority as any
we have on the'subject, says that this population
is divided up as follows: Whites, 1,000,000; In-
dians, 4,000,000; negroes, 6,000; yabos, mulat-
toes, quadroons,and quinteroons, 2,655,520. The
most gross ignorance everywhere prevails in the
Confederacy. "We maybe assured,' 'says Tejad,
" that at least three fourths of the inhabitants do
not know that there is such a thing as an A B C
m the world." They are almost entirely desti-
tute of schools. In the city of Mexico, with a
population of 200,000, they had in 1850 but 12$
schools, and about 7,000scholars. Here are less
than one seventh of the population white, and
they are made up mainly of Spaniards and other
foreigners, all speaking a foreign language.
i now pass to Central America. This is divided
into five States, or Provinces, as follows: Guate-
mala, San Salvador, Honduras, Nicaragua, and
Costa Rica. These ha ve a population of 2,019,000.
This is exclusive of all Indians who are not di-
rcctly incorporated in the civil organization of the
several States. Of the population ofCentral Amer-
ica, about three fifths are Indians; three tenths
mixed Indians and whites, called Ladinos; one
tenth descendants of the whites, and the remainder
negroes, sambos, &c. In these States ignorance
everywhere reigns. Another fact I wish to put
in here. There is but one religion in Cuba, Mex-
ico, and Central America. That is Roman Cath-
olic, and established by law.
Now, Mr. Chairman, can any man in the whole
country be so blind that he cannot see the conse-
quences of all this, so far as it would affect the
purity of elections ? Talk about these uncivilized,
ignorant, mixed races being capable of self-gov-
ernment—understanding how to vote, or who to
vote for. It is all a monstrous absurdity. Annex
Cuba, Mexico, Central Ameiica—either or ail—
and you inject the very poison of death into the
life-blood that gives vitality to republican insti-
tutions.
5. The transfer of an ignorant foreign popula-
tion to our Government would demoralize us as a
people.
Vice is generally the handmaid of ignorance,
I have spoken of the effects of ignorance and su-
perstition upon the political institutions of our
country. No people can successfully govern
themselves, and make their institutions perma-
nent, unless they are under the influences of a
Christian civilization. The very idea of self-gov-
ernment involves this principle. We see it de-
veloped and demonstrated in communities all over
the country. Go into any community, North or
South, East or West, and wherever you find ig-
norance and bigotry, there you will find vice and
wickedness. The latter is the legitimate fruit of
the former. Just in the same proportion as we
elevate or lower the standard of a sound Christian
morality, so in the same degree we strengthen or
weaken our Government. The introduction of a
degiaded, half-civilized element among our peo-
ple, disturbs the greatmoral equilibrium. It pulls
down the scale of moral excellence which grad-
uates our national Christianity. Bring among
us the untutored, unlearned, bigoted masses of
