1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
P
h
they could us® that property, which they formerly
enjoyed as corporators, in their individual ca-
pacity; and a mode was devised by which the
whole of the property of the extinct corporation
was vested in trustees. So it appears from the
report of the committee. • All the property of
these corporators ceasing to exist as a' corpora-
tion, was by a transfer, doubtless advised by
learned counsel, vested in a body of trustees, and
the owners prescribed the duty of those trustees;
that is to say, that they should hold the property
for the common benefit of the stockholders; that
they should use it as a banking capital. I have
never seen the deed of trust in my life, but I know
the operation under it. Those stockholders, the
association owning this property, I presume di-
rected their trustees to use it as a banking capital.
What limitations, restraints, or control, they put
over them, I do not know; but from that day to
this, as I know from my personal knowledge and
my personal intercourse with the District of Co-
lumbia, all the banks here have used that private
property of theirs as a banking capital, controlled
by their own discretion, and in no sense, that I
am aware of, in violation of law. Sixteen years
have elapsed since the charters expired in X844.
I have never heard, I do not see in the report of
the committee any complaint, any suggestion,
that any fraud, any peculation, any improprie-
ties, have been committed on the people of the
District by those who have thus wielded the cap-
ital of these associations.
I think, in that state of things, it would be rash
to depart from the system of all the States, more
especially the contiguous States with whom the
oeople here have frequent intercourse; it would
:ip. rash to depart from the legislation of all the
States, especially the contiguous States, and to
say to the people of the District, " None of you,
either by association or by corporations, shall use
your property in hanking capital in the manner
m which it is used by the contiguous States; you
shall issue no notes of any kind or description,
and you shall have no banks of any kind or de-
scription; there shall be 110 paper issued in the
District of Columbia of any sort; you shall stand
aloi^e, an exception to the whole business of the
country; your property you shall not use in that
way, though the people of the States are allowed
to use their property thus." That is the decla-
ration.
But that is not all. This bill prohibits the issue
of any bank note, or of any note for circulation
by any body associated or incorporated within
the District of Columbia; but it permits the bank
paper issued by the adjoining States to come into
the District of Columbia and to fill the channels
of circulation, provided it does not come below
twenty dollars.
Now, Mr. President, I think those who have
looked at this subject know perfectly well that if
it be the scheme of this bill to have within the
District of Columbia a model circulation of gold
and silver only, it must of necessity bo an utter
failure, and a failure countenanced by the terms
of the proposed enactment; because, although it
excludes by its enactment paper under twenty
dollars, it admits it above that sum. Everybody
knows there is not a more perfectly established
rule ill political economy, or in any other branch
of investigative science, than this: that if there are
two currencies, one of which is cheap, and one
of which is dear, the cheap currency will expel
the dear currency, and take its place. There can
be no question that, if you were to pass this bill
and prohibit individuals, associations, or corpora-
tions, from issuing notes in the District of Co-
lumbia, they would flow in from all the adjacent
States, and you would never see a guinea in cir-
culation, except when it was drawn from the
Treasury; and how long would that be in circu-
lation ? Until the possessor of it could go to a
broker's office and buy a bank bill. That is the
experience of the world beyond all question.
I think, therefore, with all respect to the com-
mittee—and I certainly have for the committee,
and for the honorable Senator who is responsible
for it as chairman, very great respect, and for its
opinions—that these opinions contradict usage
altogether. You cannot get a specie circulation.
It is just as idle as to attempt to control the chan-
nels of the wind or the currents of the sea. Look at
its necessary results in the ordinary intercourse
of society. There come here ten or fifteen thou-
803
sand strangers to "Washington during the year,
from all parts of the country. They bring their
local currency with them. Gentlemen who come
from New England, or New York, or the North-
west, or wherever they come from, bring their
local currency with them. They are ignorant of
this law, and will remain ignorant of it; and they
will be met in the District of Columbia by the
declaration that, " if you put a five dollar note in
circulation, you will be arrested and punished as
for a misdemeanor." You have nothing but five
dollar notes with you; you cannot pay them for
your bills or anything else. What is to'be done
with them? Take them to a broker's office, and
sell them for what the br.oker will give you.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The broker is not even
allowed to buy them.
Mr. MASON. Not by the bill, as it at present
stands; but I understand that will bo modified.
You must take yoiff' notes to a broker's office and
sell them for what the broker will give you; and
then you will be in a fit condition to be an asso-
ciate of the free people of the District of Colum-
bia. That would be an oppression. The country
would cry out against it, and ought to cry out
against it. Why, sir, this happened the other
day: I went to a broker in the city of Washing-
ton with a check which I had drawn upon a bank
in Virginia. I wanted some money. I had it in
a bank in Virginia, and I went to the broker. I
knew the course of exchange which would author-
ize me to expect that he should give me gold for
that check; but I knew, from my intercourse with
the city of Washington, that all the channels of
circulation here in paper are filled with the paper
of Maryland and Virginia. I asked him to give
me Virginia bank notes for that check, and he
was kind enough to do it, for he had Virginia
banknotes on hand, and they were bank notes
ranging from $5 to $50; tens and twenties of banks
scattered over the whole State of Virginia, from
the western slopes of the Allcghunies to the bor-
ders of North Carolina. That is the present cir-
culation of the District of Columbia. They had
accumulated; I suppose the broker had bought
them up, and he gave them to me in exchange for
a Virginiacheck—a checkdrawn on aneighboring
bank in Virginia. They answered all my pur-
poses exactly. I found them current in the Dis-
trict of Columbia: and why? The statement of
the banks here will show, as exhibited in the re-
port, that they cannot keep a circulation out.
Mr. SLIDELL. Will the Senator from Vir-
ginia permit me to ask him a question?
Mr. MASON. Yes, sir
Mr. SLIDELL. He says all the channels of
circulation aie filled to overflowing with paper
from the adjoining States. If that be a fact, as
he says, dependent upon the eternallaws of trade,
then I should like to know what hardship is im-
posed upon the District of Columbia by prevent-
ing their issuing notes that cannot enter into cir-
culation?
Mr. MASON. If the Senator thinks there
would be wisdom or propriety in making an ex-
periment to sec what would be the result of that
experiment when there is no occasion for the ex-
periment, I am not one of those who propose to
join him in doing it. I say that it results of ne-
cessity that the paper of the adjoining States is a
cheaper currency in the Districtof Columbia than
the paper of the banks in theiDistrict; and why?
Because the paper of banks in the District of Co-
lumbia is immediately convertible into coin, and
the paper of the adjacent States is not; therefore,
there is an exchange against it, and it results that
the business intercourse between the adjacent
States and the District throws theirpaper in here
as the cheaper currency. I have not a great deal of
business intercourse with the District ; but so far
ns I am informed, the whole circulntion—I do not
mean to the exclusion of a thousand or ten thou-
sand dollars, but the great mass of the circulation
of the District of Columbia—is made up of the
notes of the adjacent States. The fact that the
local banks,here cannot keep a circulation out, is
shown in the report of the committee It appears,
as stated in this report, taken from the bank state-
ments, that the aggregate amount of coin in the
banks of the District of Columbia is $310,646, and
their aggregate circulation is $315,929. As the Sen-
ator very justly states, a portion that is here rep-
resented as in circulation is really not in circula-
tion, but remains in the vaults of the banks, which !
he puts probably at one third, or #105,000, and it
would show that the coin nowinthebanlcsof the
District exceeds the notes in actual circulation by
$100,000. That shows that they cannot keep
their circulation out. Why? Simply because*
there is a cheaper circulation to take its place.
In that state of things, 1 would submit to the
honorable Senator and to the Senate, is there any
reason for mis interference with the concerns of
the District of Columbia? As I have said, there
is no request, there is no petition, in any form or
shape, for the passage of such a bill. The only
way in which we have heard any citizens of the
District of Columbia, is by a remonstrance here
from the authorities of the town of Georgetown
against the bill. I think, Mr. President, unless
it is shown that there really is some vice to be cor-
rected, some injury to be remedied, some wrong
to be redressed, it would be far safer, in our legis-
lation for the District, to wait until it is invited;
and when the legislation is invited, to measure
ourselves, as far as we can upon a like subject-
matter, by the usage and experience of the adja-
cent States. To interfere, when for sixteen years
these gentlemen have been managing their private
property to the perfect satisfaction <jf all around
them, would be harsh legislation; taking from
them all the profits that can be derived from the
management of their property in that way, and
leaving all the channels of circulation, over twenty
dollars, at least, open to the other States, would
be an act of civil injustice to the District of Co-
lumbia. „
Now, I would say another thing, and I submit
it to the experience of all Senators to bear me out.
Suppose this law was passed: the prohibition
against the circulation of notes under twenty dol-
lars of other States would not be worth the paper
on which it is written; simply becausc the actual
necessities of the people would compel them to
violate the law, and the sympathies of their neigh-
bors would prevent their conviction. That has
been the experience in all the States that I know
of; with the strongest and the sternest efforts to
repress this systeifi of issuing small notes, they
have been unable to do it. 1 think,'therefore, if
the law were passed, it would be a dead letter as
to that; but it would effectually take from a por-
tion of the people of the Distnctof Columbia the
right to control theirprivate property in their own
way, when they do not do it to the injury of their
neighbors or in violation of law. I shall, there-
fore, vote against the bill.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, if I could be
surprised at anything in human opinion, I should
be surprised at many of the remarks of my hon-
orable friend from Virginia. I hardly expected
him to become a convert to what I consider one
of the wildest doctrines of squatter sovereignty.
According to his doctrines, tne Congress of the
United States are not to legislate within that, dis-
trict over which exclusive jurisdiction is given to
them by the Constitution; and they are not to
legislate in reference to the great principle of what
is money or currency, when the Constitution rec-
ognizes only a hard-money currency, because the
people of a particular district have not petitioned
them on the subject. And we have, too, con-
founded with rights of property, the right to issue
paper, to be circulated as money, and we are told
that that is a right of property. Why, sir, every
State in this Union controls it. It may be, in my
judgment, wrongly that they choose to use paper
money, but they still control it. They do not
permit what may well be designated as the law-
less issue of paper for the purpose of circulation
as money, without any legislation controlling or
authorizing it; yet here, in the Districtof Colum-
bia, my honorable friend advocates the continu-
ance of a state of tilings by which there is this
lawless exercise of power on the part of individ-
uals and associations. That is the state of the
case.
The Congress of the United States certainly
oug'h t to regulate the currency, as far as their power
goes; and surely it extends over the Districtof
Columbia. Because we have neglected it for six-
teen years, ousrht v/e to neglect it further' It is the
first section of the bill that I am now speaking of.
Every State of the Union does it. It does not per-
mit men, at their will and pleasure, without any
regulation to bind them, without any chartered
rights, or without any restrictions as to the ex-
tent to which they may choose to go, to issue paper
