804
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
money. It does not permit them, even in the shape
of corporations or partnerships, to issue notes,
bills, or any other form of certificate intended to
pass a - money, without restriction. No State per-
mits it, yet here that state of facts exists. I care
not what the legal decjsion is; it may be that they
have escaped the law hitherto. If any class of
men, under the assumption of a right of property
that they have, presume to issue paper for the pur-
pose of passing as money, I am for shewing them
that they have no such right. If wo choose to in-
corporate bank's 111 this District, to put them under
proper regulation, and to authorize them to issue
paper money to pass as currency, let us do so; it
is within our power, if we think proper; but, until
we do so, on what principle is it that we should
not restrict the making of notes and bills for the
purpose of passing as money within this District,
where our jurisdiction is exclusive?
If the doctrines advanced by the honorable Sen-
ator from Virginia be true, we ought to, rep'eal the
sub-Treasury law to-morrow. According to any-
thing that I have heard fall from him, there is just
as good reason for returning back to the system
of depositing the public moneys with the different
banks, and abandoning entirely the principle of
your Government, which is based on a hard-money
currency, an3 leaving everything to individual ac-
tion, without any law at all on the subject. We
must come to that, if his doctrines be right.
I say, then, that X am in favor of the first section
of this bill. I do not speak of the form of it; I
think it might be worded better; I think it rather
too complicated; I think tliere are too many words
used; I^uld rather see it reformed in its phrase-
ology; butthe object of it, which is to prevent, by
penal sanctions, the attempt of any person or per-
sons, association,- or corporation, from issuing
notes or bills to pass as money to make currency
for the community, I think is perfectly right, if
Congress has not given them the direct power to
. do it.
If the law does not punish it now, the law ought
to punish it. Whether the present state of things
has existed for sixteen ,years or sixty years, in
my judgment would m.ike no difference. The
currency ofa country is a subject-matter of gov-
ernmental regulation in every'nation of the civil-
ized world. They may differ as to the extent to
which they will go; they may choose, as m France,
to say that 110 note shall be issued under oOOf.;
they may choose, as in England, to limit the cir-
culation of bank notes to those of five pounds and
over; they may choose, as 111 California, to have
no paper money at all; and there is a living illus-
tration contrary to the opinion of the honorable
Senator., He says it is idle to attempt to exclude
paper money from circulation as long as adjoin-
ing States choose to permit it. I
Mr. MASON. The Senator will allow me. j
California has for its circulation what I under-
stand to be the product of its soil—the native
growth.
Mr. BAYARD. The honorable Senator may
suppose so; but there would be 110 more gold
Seen 111 circulation there than there is here, if Cali-
fornia did not prohibit entirely the use of paper
money. She has succeeded by prohibiting it en-
tirely; and the bank notes of no State in the Union
are ever seen in the State of California; yet she
has no difficulty on the question of credit.
I should be one of the last men to desire to in-
terfere with the rights of persons here. 1 am
perfectly willing to leave the rights of property,
whether in chartered or unchartered associations,
to leave all their legitimate business uncontrolled
by legislation. They may bank, if they please:
thejr may receive deposits; they may make col-
lections; they may discount bills; they may, in
other words, transact banking business to any
extent they please; that is their right; that is a
legitimate banking business, in which any indi-
vidual or association may engage; but they have
no right, without the authority of law, to issue ■
notes or bills 111 a form t® pass as money, and so i]
constitute part of the currency of this country. |
There is no such right of property. No nation
admits it, or permits it. No State of this Union 1
permits it. They all choose to regulate that ques- I
tion for themselves. They may, and they do, differ i
as to the extent to which they will permit'paper !
money to be used. In some of the States of the i
Union, in my own State and in most of the New i
England States, I believe, theypermit bills of the
denomination of one dollar and upwards to be
issued; but that is all done under the authority
of the law. They do not suffer individuals, not
authorized by law, to issue notes for the purpose
of passing as money. The law always imposes
a penalty 011 any one who attempts to do it, un-
less he has received the license of the State for
the purpose of doing it. I think that system
vicious and wrong, and I wish we could get rid
of it in my State, though I admit it must be done
gradually. I should be glad, myself, to see it got
rid of. I am one of those who do not believe that
it would have any other than a beneficial effect
oil the country, if, step by step, we should go on
until we had no papercurrency 111 the country, un-
der the denomination offiftydollars. Above that,
it would matter but very little, because the paper
money then to be dealt with would be by persons
who were cognizant of the character of the insti-
tutions whose bills they took. It is in reference
to the masses that I believe it Would be of decided
importance to the country that every State in
this Union should adopt the principle of Califor-
nia, and exclude paper money, at least to the ex-
tent I have indicated.
But I pass from that; that is not the question
here. The first question involved here which I
have been discussing—and which has given me
so much surprise at the views of the honorable
Senator from Virginia—is, whether we shall per-
mit a state of things to exist here m which, after
Congress chose deliberately to refuse to continue
the charters of certain corporations that had be-
fore, under the authority of law, been issuing notes
and bills to pass as money; after Congress re-
fused to continue the existence of those laws,
these associations have gone 011, T care not under
what devices, with the name of the Bank of Wash-
ington, the Bank of the Metropolis, and so on, to
issue bills and notes precisely as if they were legit-
imately authorized so to do by the Government.
Sir, if there is no statute to prevent that; if there
is no statute to prevent the making of currency
here in that unauthorized way, I think there ought
to be a statute to prevent it; and the fact that it
has been long delayed is only a stronger reason
for immediate action.
As I said, if you choose, instead of prohibiting
it altogether, to authorize, under proper regula-
tions, certain corporations or associations, who
may be indicated by law, to issue notes to pass
as money, do so. That is one system, lam op-
posed to it, and when it comes up, I shall be ready
to discuss it; but, unless you choose to do that, j
yourjurisdiction being here over this District, what j
have the wishes of the District of Columbia to j
do with a great principle connected with the whole j
commerce of the country; with the great duty 1
imposed upon you by the Constitution, as it is j
upon the people of every State under the consti- i
tution of their State, to take care to regulate the cur- I
l-ency, to regulate it by the power of the Govern- !
ment, and not leave it to the unauthorized action I
of individuals? I
I think, then, that the principle of the first ;
section of the bill reported by the honorable Sen- i
atorfrom Louisiana is perfectly sound. I should |
like to have its phraseology simplified. I think a !
great many words might be left out; and I think, '
too, that certain other words ought to be inserted
to carry itproperly into effect. All that,however,
is mere matter of detail.
Then, as to the second section: The object of
that section is to endeavor not to establish an en- 1
tire specie currency, but to approximate to it by !
prohibiting the passage or circulation in this corn- .
munity of any notes ofa less denomination than ;
twenty dollars. We mean, in other words, to !
set the example to the States, over whom we have '
110 control in this matter, as to the propriety of ;
enlarging the specie basis; as to the propriety of !i
getting rid of those notes which pass from hand !
to hand among that class of the community who 1 >
are unable to know their value, who are unable, ;
in case of defalcation, to assert their rights, for '
the amount would render it impracticable; and i
they always become the victims of the failure of
a bank. The security of the laboring man, of
the mass, in the dollar or five dollars that he may
hold—and it is seldom that he would hold more-
is, that if it is in the representative coin of his
country, he knows its value; the amount remains
the same; but if it is in paper.money, he must I
take the notes that are commonly in circulation; '
j! the bank may fail; and where is he then? The
' man who holds his fifty, his hundred, or his two
''hundred dollars, is probably an individual who
] will know all about the bank; who will know what
; are the chances of the redemption of the nou ;
' and the magnitude of the sum involved may induce
him to take steps to enforce his rights, and com-
pel payment; but the man who holds a one, a
five, or a ten dollar note, cannot go into that course
of action. 1 thmkwveare taking a right step whf 11
we limit the use of paper money here to bills under
the denomination of twenty dollars. Is there any
difficulty in it? Certainly, the fact that theGov-
!■ ernment of the United States disburses only gold
j and Sliver, and that it disburses in this District
j vastly more than it collects here, would diffuse a
I much larger quantity in this community than
anywhere else, if this other currency did not root
it out on account of'the individual interests that
I are engaged for the purpose of making it do so.
In other words. the supply of gold and silver, by
the disbursements of the Government to the peo
pie of this District, is far greater in proportion
than the supply of gold and silver from the mines
of California could be to the people of California.
I see no difficulty in carrying the provision or
■ the law to that extent to exclude all paper money
| of a less denomination than twenty dollars. Try
| it, sir, and my belief is, that before five or tr n
; years are over, you will increase the limitation to
| fifty dollars. Tt ou will find that the experiment
i is so successful as regards its effect on the solidity
j of the currency, and the freedom from constant
i fluctuation in the commercial enterprises of the
] city, that you will go to fifty dollars; and you
I will set an example to the States of the Union
I whichl think some of them will ultimately follow.
I I do not doubt that they will ultimately follow it.
J I do not doubt that, whether you set the example
1 or not, many of the States will foltow the course
| of California; and probably, not within my day,
(because I know that where an existing system
has been fixed m a country, it is difficult to clian°e
! it, and I admit the change ousht never to be vio-
! lent,) the time will come when we can have sub-
j stantially a specie currency. I believe sincerely
; and truly, that in this country now, with the
capital we have, and the growing increase of *ur
production and our wealth, the faster we can ap
proximate to a merely specie currency, the wiser
! and the better for the great interest of the peopi"
| at large, and the stability of trade.
| I11 all this I may be wrong. I do not mean to
give my reasons now; but merely to state my
opinion; but standing here as the governing power
in the District of Columbia,under a Constitution
which recognizes 110 money but gold and silver,
< I think it is our duty at least to make the attempt
to have that currcncy of the Constitution the
, currency of the masses of the people within that
: District over which our jurisdiction exists. 1
think the proposed change is not violent. If it is
( thought too much by Senators, let them propose
j to make the limitation ten dollars as regards the
; bank notes of other States.
I As to the practical inconvenience, I am told
j that Senators and other persons coming from the
I States bring the currency of their own States with
them. There is no difficulty about that. Ifaman
who comes here does not want more Chan fifty
dollars, there is no hardship m requiring him to
bring if in g'old, and there is no trouble m getting
it in gold. _ In any State of the,Union whcif the
| banks are in a sound condition, they certainly can
pay their notes of that amount m cold: and if
they are not in such a condition that when a man
is coming to Washington they can give him fifty
dollars in gold for fifty dollars of their paper, they
are certainly not in a sound condition, and the
sooner they are done away with the better. Bills
of exchange are not intended to be affectcd la-
this measure; credit will remain as .it is, though
your currency were gold and silver. Notes may
be discounted, drafts may be drawn: they are not
intended to be a part of the curn ncy; and for all
larger sums your credit remains untouched, al-
though you say that, as regards the currency,
notes intended to pass as money, you restrict "it
to notes over the denomination of twenty dollars
I can see no difficulty 111 it myself. I believe it
will have a wholesome effect on the business of
the people of this District. But 1 do not advocate
it merely on that ground. I advocate it because
I think it is in accordance with sound princip'e;
