382
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 29,
36th Cong....1st Sess. The Fillibustering Policy of the Sham Democracy—Mr. Perry.
Ho. of Reps.
Cuba, Mexico, and Central America,a wild horde
of mixed races, who have no fixed standard of
morals-, and who can fail to see and understand
the consequences to the American people in a
rnoralpoint of view?
6. To acquire new territory is to load down
the people with additional taxation, and add a
large amount to our annual national expendi-
tures.
Oar annual expenses now exceed eighty million
dollars. Thirty years ago, they were only about
fifteen million. Suppose Cuba, or Mexico, or
Central America annexed'to us: how would you
govern them? I have shown they were in no
condition to adopt sc(f-government. The restrain-
ing, controlling influences of American civiliza-
tion would have no influence over them. They
are in no degree "Americanized." They are
ignorant of our institutions, laws, and customs.
The high moral considerations and love of patri-
otism which prompt loyal American citizens to
obey the laws of their country, would be to them
considerations weaker than the flimsy texture of
a spider's web. There is but one answer to the
question: they would have to be governed by a
military despotism. They have been educated
to this mode of government. In Mexico, military
chieftains have ruled the country for years. They
govern it now. If the people were capable of
self-government, these military despots would be
powerless, so far as their schemes of personal
ambition are concerned.
So it is with Cuba. The people there are gov-
erned by a standing army. Nothing but military
force keeps them in subjection. Iu 1851, the Span-
ish Government kept in Cuba sixteen regiments
of infantry, composed of 17,600 men; two battal-
ions of cavalry, of 1,808 men*, one battalion of
artillery, of 1,500 men; one company of engineers,
of 130 men. Total standing army, 21,038. To
these should be added one company of sappers
and miners. From their exposed condition and
extensive sea-coast, the same Government sup-
plies a naval force of twenty-five vessels, carry-
ing 219 guns, and manned by 3,000 seamen. Just
look at the army and naval expenditures in gov-
erning the island for a single year, (1851:)
Naval appropriations  $2,045,004
Militaiy uppiopriations  5,(108^901
Total    7,073,90.1
To these add civil appropriations  1,841,010
Miscellaneous appropriations  1,300,731
Total expenses, lSol $10,215,G4S
This was in 1851. Since that time the expenses
of Government have largely increased.
These items comprise only the annual expend-
itures, and do not embrace the enormous outlay
of raising, clothing, and equipping an army, and
building and manning ships for a navy. Should
we purchase Cuba, the Spanish army and navy
would be withdrawn, and our Treasury would be
plundered of its millions and tens of millions to
meet this outlay.
I have before me the Army Register of the
United States for 1860, published by order of the
Secretary of War. From this it appears we have
a standing Army (inclusive) of 12,931 men.
According to the report of the Secretary of the
Treasury (Ex. Doc. No. 3) made to this Congress,
there were paid out of the Treasury, for " service
of War Department," $93,943,822 38, for the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1859. Of this sum,
$16,534,611 55 were for the "Army proper." A
proposition to annex Cuba is a proposition to
increase our standing Army from 12.931 to 33,969,
almost treble it; and to saddle on to the people of
this country the additional expense of raising,
arming, and clothing an army of over twenty
thousand men, building and manning an addi-
tional navy of twenty-five ships, and then paying
out of the national Treasury annually more than
seven million dollars to .support it. In a word, it
is a proposition to tax the people ten or twelve
million dollars annually, and that to acquire a
territory containing only about a million inhab-
itants.
If we change the scene from Cuba to Mexico
and Central America, we have the same homely
picture presented before us. We find a people
equally uncivilized—equally incapable of self-gov-
ernment. Nothing but a strong military force
would compel them to observe our laws and re-
spect our institutions. The acquisition of this
territory would compel us to dot it all over with
military posts. These would have to be manned
with detachments from the regular Army. Then
would follow a large increase of our regular Army
force, as a matter of absolute necessity. These
posts would have to be furnished with supplies
at a prodigious expense.
To purchase the territory to which I have called
the attention of the House and the country, or
any considerable portion of the same, would be
plunging us into debt, and creating an annual
drain upon the Treasury of millions and tens of
millions, to be paid in taxes upon the people, in
addition to the enormous annual expenses now
heaped upon them by the prodigality and corrup-
tion of the national Administration.
7. The annexation of territory would spread,
strengthen, and perpetuate African slavery.
Whatever the people living in the slave States
of this Union may think or say respecting the
institution of slavery, people in the free States
believe it a great moral, social, and political evil.
Acting upon these convictions, they believe it to
be their duty to use all legal constitutional means
to prevent its extension into free territory.
What would be the effect of the acquisition of
Mexico to the United States, so far as it relates
to the question of African slavery? Slavery now
has no legal existence in that country; would the
annexation of Mexican States change their do-
mestic institutions ? 1 could quote largely from
the speeches and writings of southern gentlemen
to show why they desire the transfer of a part or
the whole of Mexico to this Government; to show
the motive power which impels them to favor this
acquisition of foreign territory, but neither time
nor the limits of my speech will allow it. I will,
however, make a single extract from a speech
delivered m this House in the early part of the
session, by a leading member of the Democratic
party, an honorable member fiom Mississippi,
[Mr. Singleton.] That gentleman said:
" The question now is, if we sever the connection which
bindrf u-3 and the North togothei, how aio we to presoivc
tiie institution of i-iaveiy ? Theie is but one moJe by which,
in iny humble judgment, it can be peipetuated lor any con-
siderable; immbei ot jeais. Wo may fail in that, but cer-
tainly it is the Mirr.st chance offered us to piesseive it. That
mode Ls by expansion, and that expaiiMon must be in the
direction ot Mexico. At present there is irosettled govern-
ment there. Ft is, to all intents and purposes^ defunct; and
we have the right, to the exclusion ot ail other-, to admin-
ister upon the estate; and when we have wound it up, theie
being no better heirs than muselves, wo will b.? compelled
to hold that territory. That will affoid us an outlet for
slaveiy. There is in' Mexico a large extent of teriitoiy that
is suited to the cultivation of cotton, --u«ar, and lice. In
my opinion, we must, arid we aie compelled to, expand in
that direction, andtlm-> peipetuate it—a hundred or a thou-
sand years, it may be."
When they talk to us about the acquisition of
Mexico, it means the " expansion and perpet-
uation" of slavery. This is the issue frankly
tendered, and it should be as frankly me.t. Let
there be no dodging among northern Democrats.
This " expansion" policy is the policy of the
Democratic party, North and South. It is the pol-
icy urged by the executive head of the party in the
White House. The reasons urged by the De-
mocracy and the South in favor of the acquisition
of Mexico, are the very reasons which compel
the people of the free States to oppose it. We want
the people of the free States to know where they
I stand upon this question. To vote with the Dem-
ocratic party is to vote for the policy and schemes
of pro-slavery extensiomsts. The raid of William
Walker into Nicaragua, and of the filibusters
who lost their lives in Sonora, were both prose-
cuted with a view to the extension of the slave
power of the country. The annexation of Cuba
would bring with it its slavery; for no treaty can
ever be made for its purchase, without a stipula-
tion guarantying vested rights in whatever is
there deemed property. It would add to the slave
population of this country about three hundred
thousand, besides a large number of free blacks.
When admitted as a State, it would come m a
slave State. Its representation in both Houses
of Congress would be a reinforcement to the pro-
slavery interests of the country in that depart-
ment of the Government.
8. My last general objection to the acquisition
of Cuba, Mexico, or Central America, is found in
the fact that a consummation of these fillibuster-
ing schemes would tend to a dissolution of the
Union.
Whether or not the Union is really in danger,
is a question about which there is a difference of
opinion. That it has been violently threatened,
all who have watched passing events must admit.
These threats have come from the Democratic
party in the South. My own judgment is, that
they will not at present, if ever, be carried into
execution. This conclusion is based upon the as-
sumption that I believe has all the stubbornness
of a fact—that an overwhelming majority of the
people, both North and South, are opposed to dis-
union; and so long as this is the case, politicians
can never disrupt the Government. Yet we have
disturbing elements in our Government, and one
of them is the agitating question of slavery.
As a necessary sequence to convert free into
slave territory, or to acquire territory already
covered with slavery, is to add to the excitement
and agitation which already exists. If the slave-
holding States, or any portion of them, have a
serious intention of seceding from the Union,
what would be their natural policy? Most cer-
tainly, to fortify themselves with as large an area
of slave territory as possible. If the South re-
volt, and succeed in their attempts at revolution,
then there is but one contingency talked about—
to wit, a l{ southern RepublicIf a southern Re-
public is calculated upon by the secessionists and
nullificrs, what policy would naturally suggest
itself in anticipation of that event? Purchase
Cuba, make the Federal Government pay for
it, go down into Mexico with the fillibustering
schemes and plots of James Buchanan and his
party, under the false pretense of bringing peace
to a distracted people; then declare " war exists
by the act of Mexico," go into a fight, seize Chi-
huahua, Sonora, and some half dozen other States,
and again rob the national Treasury to pay some
Mexican military usurper for turning traitor and
sellingoffa country over which he had no legal con-
trol; fit out Walker, Captain Kidd, or some other
roving pirate, to make a descent upon Nicaragua,
Costa Rica, and the rest of Central America, and
bring it into subjection for the special benefit of the
peculiar institution. Then overrun Mexico and
Central America with slavery, until you have
Cuba and some half dozen new slave States. Do
this, and the South would then be in some condi-
tion to go out of the Union and establish a great
southern Confederacy. I do not say the men who
advocate the acquisition of Cuba, Mexico, and
Central America, are actuated by any treason
plots. I am only demonstrating what would
seem to be the policy that would dictate in a
given contingency.
Mr. Chairman, before I sit down, it is due to
those who are the advocates of this policy that I
should notice some of the arguments used in its
favor; but the brief time allowed us under the
hour rule will compel me to be brief upon these
points.
1. It is said we want Cuba for a military post;
that it is the great key to the Gulf of Mexico, and
is essential to the protection of our extensive com-
merce upon those waters. Almost any amount
of patriotic declamation has been expended upon
this point. A single fact put into the case ex-
plodes this whole theory. The passage on the east
side of the island to the capes of Florida is more
than eighty miles; and on the west side, from Cuba
to Yucatan, it is more than a hundred miles. You
can build your fortifications on cither or both
sides of these wide channels, and then it would
beoutof their power to molest,even in the small-
est degree, the fleets of the world that might pass
and repass at pleasure. This is a full, complete,
and conclusive answer to the assumption that
Cuba is necessary to us in a military point of
view. -If it be said a navyy in case of the annex-
ation of Cuba, could be put upon these waters to
protect our commerce, I answer that is abandon-
ing your argument. Navies protect our commerce
upon the broad expanse of oceans.
When you change the issue from military posts
and fortifications to war steamers and naval fleets,
which float upon seas, oceans, gulfs, and livers,
the world over, you abandon your own chosen
position, and serve notice upon your opponents
