1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
805
and I think that its general*effects throughout the
whole country will be beneficial to the masses.
I think that standing here to administer the Con-
stitution of the United States, I am bound to Took
at the great general principles connected with the
interests of the whole country on a general ques-
tion which is not peculiar or local to the people
of the District of Columbia. In anything con-
nected with the immediate wants and affairs of
the District of Columbia, I trust I should be as
liberal as any one, and I should always desire to
ascertain the public sentiment of the District in
reference to any matter of that kind; but I am
unable either to recognize the doctrine of4he hon-
orable Senator from Virginia, that the right to
issue paper for the purpose of passing it as money
is a right of property anywhere, or "that it is not
the duty of every government to control the issue
of any species of money, coin it, give it its value,
and everything else that is to be issued as money
within its jurisdiction.
I think, therefore, that the first section of the
bill, in some shape, is imperatively necessary in
principle. I believe the second section will be
sminently beneficial; and I think you will find it
so within a few years, if you pass it and exclude
;he notes of other Slates. Nor do I fear that its
effect will become such as has been apprehended.
I know that certainly in the State of Pennsylva-
nia, though under the pressure of the recent dis-
astrous revulsion they partially got back again to
the old system, the lawhvhich prohibits the circu-
lation of any note under five dollars is mainly ef-
fective. There is veiy little of that kind of paper
passing; it is seldom that such a note is seen in
the city of Philadelphia. I do not say that no one
takes them; but I say that the effect of the law is
to prevent the passage of bills under five dollars
for all substantial, practical purposes. Some may
evade it; but the law prevents the great evil; and
£ believe that if in all other States they would
choose to go on with that system, there is no ex-
tent to which they cannot control the use of paper
money through the medium of legislation. I have
no fears about it.
The difficulty has been that no State yet, ex-
cept California, has made the effort m a stringent
manner, as the honorable Senator supposes.
Where has it been made that it has failed J Some
of the States have made it to a moderate degree:
and they have succeeded in Pennsylvania, to my
own knowlege, as regards bills under five dollars.
I htfpc they will go further hereafter. In my own
Slate, they did the same thing, and it succceded;
we were beginning to get rid of small notes alto-
gether; but then came the revulsion of 1857, and
the law was repealed. I am sorry for it. I hope
we shall reenact the law, and go on until we fix the
minimum at fifty dollars. Beyond that sum, I
think it very immaterial, heoause notes of fifty
dollars and upwards are nothing more in their oper-
ation on the community than the same credit given
by a bill of exchange; and notes of that amount
would only pass among that class of the commu-
nity who would appreciate the extent of credit
that ought to be afforded on the character and abil-
ity of the corporation by whom the note was
drawn.
1 have said more,sir, than I intended, for I did
not know, until I came into the Senate to-day,
that 1 should open my,lips in relation to this biil.
I was prepared to vote for its principles: I had
examined it and knew what the principles con-
tained m it were. I was not aware of any objec-
tion to its structure, for I had not examined it
critically, although I think there are such objec-
tions as were pointed out by the honorable Sen-
ator from New Hampshire; but they can be easily
collected. I must confess, however, that I was
surprised at the views of the honorable Senator
from Virginia in reference to the questions in-
volved irfthis bill. I hope it will pass m a shape
whidfc will attain both its principles. The first is,
that the unauthorized issue of notes or bills, in-
tended to pass, and passing.as part of the currency
of the country, shall be prohibited by Congress;
and if you choose, m your wisdom, to say that
you will, at the same time, authorize or legitimate
the issuing of paper money in this District by any
association or, any corpoiation, or any body of:
men, or by any single person under proper re-
striciion, that is a question for you to determine.
If you do not choose to do that, I would leaw
th<-se associations to pursue their 1< gitimate busi-
ness untrammeled. They may bank, they may
discount, they may receive deposits, they may
use their money as they please, provided they do
not attempt to make money themselves, or rather
issue their promises to pay and circulate them
through the community as though they were le-
gitimate currency. I would never interfere with
or restrict legitimate business, nor do i mean to
say that these associations here are not well con-
ducted; I have no doubt they are. As far as I
know anything about them, they stand in very
good credit; they arc supposed to be exceed-
ingly well conducted; but that has nothing to do
with the question of the vices of the system. It
•may be well conducted now; but inasmuch as in no
State of this Union, m no civilized country in the
world, do they permit the money—the paper, or
the gold or silver, or whatever other article is used
and passed as money—to be made and issued ex-
cept under the direction of the Government of the
country, I am not willing that the matter should
remain longer in its present condition in the Dis-
trict of Columbia. Either authorize the issue, or
put proper penalties to prevent the issue of paper
money, which is a subject that you ought to con-
trol.
Mr MASON. Mr. President, I do not mean
to continue this discussion, but I desire not to be
misunderstood. I entered into no discussion what-
ever, as to the relative policy of leaving the issue
of paper money in private hands, or giving it to
corporations in the form of joint stock banks. I
am perfectly aware that it is the duty of the legis-
lative body to provide for the safety and stability
of the currency; and in the States they have taken
the subject out of private hands and have put it
in the hands of corporations, under the supervis-
ion of the law and the revision of the authority's
of the law, and have made them pay to the States
a premium, a bonus, for the right of doing it. But
if it had been the experience of the States that
it was safe in private hands, I doubt very much
whether they would have taken it out of then-
hands, or would have provided any legislation on
the subject, unless they saw some mischief to
arise from it, and that it required legislation to cor-
rect that mischicf. But I entered into no inquiry
or no comparison of the relative policy of taking
it into the hands of the law, or leaving it in pri-
vate hands. I only say this: that it is generally
safe to let a thing which is very well alone. Now,
so far as I know, the legislation in the District of
Columbia has taken away all charters authorizing
the issue of paper money, but has put no prohi-
bition upon the issue of paper money in private
hands. It has been going on lor sixteen years.
I am not aware of any evil that has resulted from
it. These banking associations have exhibited
their condition, and they certainly are in a \ery
sound condition
Mr. SLIDELL. Will the Senator from Vir-
ginia permit me to ask him if he recollects, within
the last three or four years, the failure of by far
the largest banking association in the city of
Washington, I think under the title of the Ex-
change Bank of Latham, Withers &. Co., to the
extent of some seven or eight hundred thousand
dollars, I believe? That bank was conducted pre-
cisely on the same principle on which these others
are now conducted. Mr. Withers was understood
to be a man of very large fortune; b(it when the1
day of liquidation arrived, no remedy could be had
from Mr. Withers:s estate, ai^l I believe the notes
of the Exchange Bank were bought up, perhaps,
at a very trifling percentage on their lace, some
five, or six, or eight, or ten percent. I know they
were for a long time at a tremendous discount
here, and could hardly be sold at all. If the gen-
tleman from Virginia thinks that is an evil of a
kind not to be remedied by Congress, I will give
up the argument.
I will also refer to one of the present banks—
the Bank of Commerce, in Georgetown. I am
very sure I have not had one of its bank notes
here. I have asked every member on this side,
and I cannot find a single member who has a bank
note of the District of Columbia. The Bank of
Commerce, in Georgetown, is an association, as
appears by the letter of the bank itself, of some
six or seven individuals. The presidents a Mr.
Rittenhouse; the cashier is a Mr. Sweeny. These
same gentlemen have a brokerage establishment
on Pennsylvania avenue. They may have a very
largi- amount of notes in urcidation 1. do not
pretend to impeach their credit at all, but it seems
to me that instead of their notes purporting to be
notes of the Bank of Commerce, signed by Mr.
Sweeny as cashier, and Mr. Rittenhouse as pres-
ident, they might as well be the notes of Sweeny,
Rittenhouse, Fant & Co., whSse sign wc see on
Pennsylvania avenue.
I have observed three or four new banking es-
tablishments have been started in the District of
Columbia. One was at the corner of Seventh or
Eighth street, with a large sign, but it is now
shut up. Probably they found they could not
induce anybody to take their notes, and the spec-
ulation was abandoned. But within my snort
recollection of the District, there have been at
least a dozen of these ephemeral fungi establish-
ments. The Senator from Virginia has forgotten
them. He was fortunate enough, perhaps, never
to have taken any of their notes; but that is not
the case with many of the people of the District,
who are living in an humble mode, and whose
associations are different from those of the Sen-
ator from Virginia, They have reason to recol-
lect these banks. The Senator asks, what is the
evil to be remedied? I state that to him. If he
docs not consider it an evil, as a matter of course
it is no objection with him.
Mr. MASON. I gave way with pleasure to the .
Senator. His law will not remedy that evil. It
will not reach it in any way whatever. It is not
peculiar to the District of Columbia. I have never
seen one of their notes as far as I rccollect, but I
have seen, in the papers, from time to time, that
these fungi arise and put in circulation notes pur-
porting to be issued by a bank that is not known
and does not exist in the District; and it is said
the operation is this—I know it only from the
newspapers—that half a dozen sharpers get to-
gether in some remote place, and get a plate en-
graved , and issue a parcel of notes, calling the bank
what they please, date them at Washington city,
and send them here and get simpletons to take
them, and that is the end of it. The same thing
is said, I believe, of some of the western States.
I think at Chicago they have had this fungus
growth occasionally. It attains an efflorescent
state in its earliest stages of infancy, and blows
out. But this legislation will not reach that. You
cannot get at these men in any form by this bill.
It may be wise—I am not prepared to say that it
is not wise—to have incorporated banks in the
District of Columbia; modeled upon the usual
bank charters. I think it would certainly be very
unjust to the people, to take away that privilege,
of the use of their property altogether. It may
be wise to have it m the shape of bank charters;
but I come back, with great safety, in my own
judgment, to my first proposition: they are the
best judges. I have not heard a complaint from
one of them. They are satisfied with the present
business relations which they hold to the banks
of the District of Columbia; and, from the exhi-
bition of their accounts, which they sent in lo the
committee, so far as I can judge, they seem to be
in a very safe condition. Certainly tlie people are
satisfied, and have bet'n for sixteen years. There
is no restraint on this mode of banking in the
District of Columbia, and the people do not ask
that there shall be any restraint.
If may be—I do not know how it will turn out
—that, if it is left m private hands in the District,
it may result m being shown to be a better form
than that of incorporated banks as now adopted
by the States. I should doubt it; because I know
there is a proneness in money dealers to make
undue profits and run undue risks at the expense
of the community; and I will, with great pleasure,
unite, if it is thought wise on thopart of Congress,
to vote joint stock banks by corporation in the
District of Columbia: but do not by this bill ap-
ply your knife to the root and cut away the whole
thing. Do not leave them, as they will be, alto-
gether in the power of the issuers of bank paper
m the States.
Congress has exclusive jurisdiction over the
District. For what purpose*? Why was it given?
What were the gieat ends to be attained by the
Constitution investing that exclusive power in
Congress 5 Was it to interfere with the private
and business relations of the people who occupy
the territory ? Was it to try experiments on them
against their will; certainly without their request?
No. What have the members of Congress, when
tle y come hyie periodically, annually, to do with
