I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL ©LOBE:
36th Cong....1st Sess. The Filibustering Policy of the Sham Democracy—Mr. Perry.
Ho. of Reps.
that you give it up. But, as the friends of Cuban
annexation often quote from a letter written by
Mr. Jefferson to President Madison, dated April
27, 1809, upon the probable policy of Napoleon,
I will give ashortextractfrom the same, in which
Mr. Jefferson, in speaking of the acquisition of
foreign territory, said:
"Notbipg should ever be accepted which would require
a navy to defend it."
2. It is contended that the annexation of Cuba
would put an end to the foreign slave trade.
The President, in his annual message to the
second session of the last Congress, in speaking
of the acquisition of Cuba, said:
" If this were accomplished, the last relic of the African
slave trade would instantly disappear.1'
Now, with what grace does a declaration of this
kind come from Mr. Buchanan, who, in his last
annual message to this House, virtually admits
that the foreign slave trade is now being carried
on in this country; that at least one cargo of
slaves from Africa have been landed upon our
own shores; and that it has been impossible to
enforce the existing laws against the men engaged
in it ?
We have now in the southern States of this
Union a large, influential party, who openly ad-
vocate the repeal of all laws declaring the slave
trade piracy. Reinforce this party by adding to
its strength and influence the population of Cuba,
and then tell me it will tend to stop the slave
trade! Cuba would open new ports, where slaves
could be smuggled in, and the infamous traffic,
instead of being " instantly " stopped, would be
greatly increased. Withdraw your African squad-
ron, leave the great ocean track from Africa to
Cuba and our Gulf ports open to the fiee passage
of the pirate's flag,and it would be literally lined
with piratical u Wanderers," while the waihngs
of death from the horrors of the middle passage
would go up to heaven from one end of it to the
other.
It may be replied, the " laws " will put a stop
to the traffic. But, sir, I ask, in all candor, what
are all your " laws " good for, if they cannot be
enforced? We have laws now, but, for want of
power or a disposition, they are not enforced
against a single transgressor. No man, who is
wicked and abandoned enough to land a cargo of
Africans upon one of our southern coasts, need
have any fears of being punished under the laws.
But there is another idea in this connection 1
desire to notice. The President, in his message
of December 6, 1858, m speaking of our " diffi-
culties" with Great Britain, respecting the right
of search, then happily terminated, said:
" They could never have arisen, if Cuba had notafforded
st market for slaves. Whilst tlie pemand for slaves con
tinues in Cuba, wars will be waged among the petty nnd
barbarous chiefs of Africa, for the purpose of seizing sub-
jects to supply this trade."
If Cuba should be annexed to this Government,
who would supply this " demand ?' But one an-
swer can be given. The importations must come
from Africa or the United States—either one or
both. Annexation would increase this "demand "
for slaves tenfold, if we are to credit the state-
ments of the friends of the measure.
In Mr. Slidell's report to the Senate on this
subject, made January 24, 1859, he said:
"The soil is fertile." - "Two
third* of the whole island is susceptible of culture, and not
a tenth yurt ot it !.-> now cultivated.■'
It is contended annexation would bring the
whole land under culture; and if so, any one
can calculate for himself the immense increased de-
mand for slave labor it would produce. Taking
the theory of the friends of the measure, that its
consummation would put an end to the ioreign
slave trade, it brings us perhaps to the real cause
why the slaveholding interests of the South favor
the purchase of Cuba. According to Mr. Sei-
dell's report, from " twenty-five to thirty thou-
sand" slaves are annually brought from Africa
to Cuba; increase this demand tenfold, and you
erect in Cuba a great market-house foi at least
two hundred and fifty thousand slaves anmiallij, to
be supplied from the southern States.
Annexation would not stop the slave trade, but
only change it from benighted Africa to the civ-
ilized southern States of this Confederacy. It
would make a great anncal market fob two
hundred and fifty thousand slaves, to be
raised and shipped prom the slave,states of
this Union. This is not my theory, or the theory
of the opponents of annexation, but the logical
conclusions legitimately arising from the argu-
ments of its friends. This, reckoning the price
of negroes at a fair average, would open a new
annual trade in human flesh and bones and sinew,
to the South, of nearly two hundred million dollars.
I now turn to some of the arguments addressed
to the avarice and cupidity of the North in favor
of these territorial acquisitions.
3. One of the main arguments addressed to the
consumer is the assumption that it would give us
cheap sugar.
In Homans's Cyclopedia of Commerce, it is
stated that the people of the United States con-
sumed, in 1857, 028,913,600 pounds of sugar.
Hon. Miles Taylor, a member of this House
from Louisiana, m a speech on a former occasion,
stated that his State that year produced the quan-
tity of 279,697,000 pounds. Vermont manufac-
tures annually a large amount of maple sugar,
and more or less is made in many other of the
northern States. We talk about the high price
of sugar, but very few of the people understand
how it happens, or how the price can be reduced.
If they will just look into the annual report of
the Secretary of the Treasury, made to this Con-
gress, (Ex. l)oc. No. 3,) they will there find that
the sugar consumers m this country paid, in 1857,
a tax or duty on that article of $12,832,950 30.
Thus the people of the United States had taken
from their pockets almost thirteen million dollars
in a single year, to protect the sugar growers of
Louisiana. If we want cheap sugar, why not
takeoff the onerous duties now levied upon it?
This would reduce the price at least one fourth.
If we annex Cuba, the effect would be to let in
her sugar duty five, and compel the sugar growers
in Louisiana to sell twenty-four per cent. less.
But the same results would follow if the article
was placed on the free list. An honorable mem-
ber of this ltouse from Louisiana, [Mr. Taylor,]
in a speech m the last Congress, m speaking of
the injury the annexation of Cuba might work to
the sugar interestsof his State, made an elaborate
argument to prove that with no tariff duties on
sugar his constituents could compete with#the
Cubans, were it not for the low price of labor m
that island, growing out of the importation of
wild Africans and coolies; and that annexation
would stop these importations, raise the price of
slave labor in Cuba, and in less than a year bring
up the price of sugar as high without it duty as
it is now %vith one. If this theory is true, then
all this talk about Cuba and cheap sugar is ahum-
bug. We should have to pay just as much as we
now do for sugar, and lose m our annual revenue
to theGovernment>J12,000,000, which would have
to be levied on other articles of importation to
furnish money to carry on the Government.
So much for the visionary arguments we so
often heai about Cuba and cheap sugar.
4. The fact that m our trade with Cuba we im-
port more than we export, is often urged as a
reason in favor of annexation; that if the island
belonged to our Government, our exports would
go in duty free, and that our trade would be in-
creased.
This argument would apply with equal force to
a large number of foreign ports with which we
trade, where our imports largely exceed our ex-
ports. It is said our agricultural interests would
be benefited by opening an additional market for
breadstuffs. ftis title, the heavy duty laid upon
our flour by the Spanish Government almost ex-
eludes it from the Cuban market. This theory of
an increased trade in agricultural products, m the
absence of tariff duties, is plausible enough; but
stubborn facts scatter it to the winds. Our past
commercial history proves that our farmers have
got to depend mainly upon a home market for
their products. A failure m the crops, or a war
! m the Old World, enables us for the time being
! to compete with the agriculturists of Europe and
I Asia. Aside from these contingencies, we export
' comparatively a small amount of breadstuffs. In
1 1821, we exported, in breadstuffs and provisions,
i $12,341,901; and m 1838, seventeen years after-
j wards, only §9,636,650. In 184G, these exports
| were $27,701,921; the next year, they went up
to §68,701-,121; and then the very next year, 184%
went down to $37,472,751—about one half; and
in the year 1859 they amounted to dill y $38,305,991.
These facts prove we have no steady reliable -
Market abroad for our breadstuff's.. Take another'
view of the matter. In 1850, the breadstuffs and
provisions, products of the United States, were
valued at $632,473,178. Our exports of that;year
of the same articles amounted to only $26,051,373.
If Cuba was annexed to us, her market-would be.
open to competition in the articles of breadstuffs
and provisions of the whole world, unless we
pursued the same policy Spain pursues towards
us—levy duties sufficiently high to prevent im-
portation to her markets—and this the-bread-
growing countries of the Old World would not'
permit, without aretaliation, which would injure
our foreign trade as much.
Again: there is another view to be taken of this
question. If annexation should take place, and
it should create an increased demand for flour and,
other breadstuffs, and consequently raise the prices
of these articles, while it might swell the coffers
of the producers, it would impoverish the con-
sumers, which area much larger class in our own
country.
Mr. Chairman, there is a remedy for all these.
evils, without the acquisition of foreign territory.
It is found in the treaty-making power, in the.
comity that exists between our country and the.
other nations of the world. Where, is.the man
so ignorant that he does not know that we have
our commercial treaties with nearly every nation
on the face of the globe? Look at the enormous.
sums, the millions, we have expended in our at-
tempts to open a trade with Japan.
Sir, if our Government, instead of getting up
" Oste.nd Manifestoes," instead of keeping up an
everlasting clamor about " Manifest Destiny,"
and the " gravitation of the Giueen of the Antilles
towaids the American shores;" if, instead of
magnifying every little difficulty between our own
and the Spanish Government, for the, very pur-
pose of getting up a war of rapine, plunder, and
conquest; if, instead of menacing and bullying
Spam, harassing and following lier up with our
insulting attempts to wrest from her, somehow,
the richest geininher national diadem, wo would
show to her the magnanimous bearing of a great
and powerful nation, treat with her as we treat
with other nations, in a spirit of comity and kind-
ness, and no longer vex and worry her by our
insidious attempts to rob her of a portion of her
territory, we should have no difficulty whatever
in negotiating treaties which would open to our
people her Cuban ports, and enrich American
citizens with the profits of her trade.
So with Mexico and Central America. Call off
your dogs of war; keep at home your unprinci-
pled, roving, piratical filibusters, who, actuated
by the spirit of the ancient Goths and Vandals,
would overrun her territories, rob, plunder, and
murder her citizens. Leave these Governments
to settle their own quarrels in their own way.
What are we to gam by mixing up our people
with the domestic broils of Mexico ? We are a
great and powerful nation; she is a weak and al-
most powerless Government. For the United
States to engage in a war with her would be an
act next to national cowardice. Our intercourse J
with these Governments should be conducted in ■
a spirit of amity. What is right towards us as
a people, we should sternly demand; and if our
negotiations are conducted upon high and honor-
able grounds upon our part, our claims will be
justly met, without a lesort to the honors of war.
Mr. Chairman, if there is any one thing- the
people of this Union need above all others, it is
peace, quiet, rest from these storms of agitation
that have beat upon us with such fury for the last
six or seven years. The public mind wants re-
pose. The political storm has long, long raged
with fearful, unabated violence. Who does not
ardently desire a little sunshine—to gaze once
more upon the placid beauties of a serene sky ?
But it is in vain to hope for" peace or domestic
quiet, so long as the seii-styled Democracy aiein
power in this Government. The very element
upon which they live and breathe is pro-slavery
agitation. Their fanatical schemes develop them-
selves one day in one form, another day m some
other form. In 1854, uuder the pretexf of " es-
