1826
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 23,
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania, demanded the
.yeas arid nslys.
1' The yeas and nays were ordered.
Thfe question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 24, nays 112; as follows:
yeas,-r Messrs. Thomas L. Anderson, Barrett, Boteler,
Cooper, fedmundson, Edwards, Florence, Garnett, Hamil-
ton,Jenkins, K.eitt, Leafte, Love, Maclay, Maynard, Noeil,
Flieip-s Reagan, Ruffin, Scott, Taylor, Thomas, Waldron,
and Wipsjow—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Aldrich, William C.
Anderson," Ashley, Ashmore, Avery, Bare, Bingham, Blair,
Blake, Bouligny, Boyce, Brayton, Briggs, Bristow, Buffin-
ton, Burhngame, Burnham, Butterfield, Campbell, Case,
Clopton, Cobb, Colfax, Corvvtn, Covode, Crawford, Curry,
Cuius, fi. Winter Davis, Dawes, Dunn, Eliot, Ely, Ether-
idge, Farnsworth, Ferry, Foster, Frank, Gartrell, Gooch,
Grow, Gurley, John T. Harris, Helinick, Hoard, HoJman,
Houston, Howard, Hughes, Humphrey, Hutehins, Irvine,
Jones, Junkm, Francis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg,
JamesM. Leach, Lee. Longnecker, Loomis,Mallory, Mars-
ton, Chailes D. Martin, McKean, McKn'ght, McPherson,
Millson, Sydenham Moore, Moinll, Edwaid Joy Morris,
Isaac N. Morris, Morse, Niblack, Ohn, Palmer, Pendleton,
Pettit, Porter, Pryor, Cluarles, Rice, Riggs, Christopher Kob-
lri^on, James C. Robinson, Royco, Ru*t, Schwartz, Scran-
ton, Sedgwick, Sherman, William N. II. Smith, Somes,
Spauldmg, Spinner, Stallvvoith, Stokes, The,iker, Tomp-
kins, Tumble, Vance, Vatidever, Vcnce, Walton, Cad-
walader (?.-Washburn, Israel Washburn, Weils, Wilson,
Wmdom, Woodtuft", and Wright—112.
So the House refused to adjourn over.
During the vote,
Mr. GARTRELL stated that his colleague,
Mr. Hardeman, had gone home, and was paired
for two weeks with Mr. Kenton.
Mr. CAREY, not being within the bar when
his name was called, asked leave to vote.
Mr. RUf'FIN objected.
Mr. CAREY would have voted in the nega-
tive.
Messrs. CARTER, HATTON, and BRAB-
SON, not being within the bar when their names
wore called, asked leave to vote.
Mr. RUFFIN said: Mr. Speaker, I shall ob-
ject, unless gentlemen can come within the rule.
If gentlemen are not here, it is their own fault. 1
will object to any member who asks to vote out
of order.
Mr. MAYNARD stated that his colleague, Mr.
Nelson, had paired with Mr. Adraix.
Mr. McKNIGIIT stated that his colleague,
Mr. Mooiuiead, was paired with Mr. Boteler.
Mr. SOMES stated that Mr. Delano was
paired, for one week from next Wednesday, with
Mr. McRae.
The vote was then announced, as above re-
corded.
MESSAGE FROM TII15 SENATE.
A message was received from tiie Senate, by
Mr. Hickey, its Chief Clerk, notifying the House
that the President of the United States had ap-
proved and signed bills of the following titles:
An act (S. No. 42) for thcrelicfof the heirs and
legal representatives of Mark Elisha;
A resolution (S. No. 24) for the compensation
of Rev. R. R. Richards, late chaplain to the Uni-
ted States penitentiary in the District of Colum-
bia;
A resolution (S. No. 23) in regard to the min-
ister from Japan;
A resolution (S. No. 4) to allowcredit to certain
disbursing officers therein mentioned;
An act (S. No. 92) authorizing the courts to
adjudicate the claim of th« legal representatives
of the Sieur de Bonne and of the Chevalier do Rc-
pentigny to certain land at the SauItStc. Marie, in
the State of Michigan;
An act (S. No. 229) for the relief of Angelina
C. Bowman, widow of Francis L. Bowman, late
a captain in the United States Army; and
An act (S. No. 344) to amend an act entitled j
" An act to establish a criminal court in the Dis- \
tnct of Columbia." J
Also notifying the House that the Senate had :
ordered the printing of the following documents: j
petition of inventors and patentees, praying that
the right of appeal from the decisions of the Com-
missioner of Patents be not abolished; and report
of the Superintendent of the Coast Survey, six
thousand two hundred copies, twelve hundred of
which are for the use of the Senate, and five thou-
sand for distribution by the Superintendent of the
Coast Survey.
COVODE COMMITTEE.
Mr. SHERMAN I ask that the vote be taken
upon my motion to go into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. WINSLOW. If the gentleman will per-
mit me, I will say a word on a matter that concerns
the House.
Mr. SHERMAN. Do you ask for any vote ?
Mr. WINSLOW. No, sir. I want to make
an explanation, which I think ought to be made in
the House.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will not object if it will
not lead to lengthy discussion.
Mr. WINSLOW. Mr. Speaker, on Friday
last I observed in the New York Herald the tes-
timony of a person who calls himself Yan Dyke,
professed to have been given before the commit-
tee, usually known as the Covode committee, in
which were included certain letters purporting to
have been written from the President to Yan
Dyke, and from Van Dyke to the President. It
is not true, in any point of view, that that testi-
mony was given before that committee. Those
letters have never been given in evidence before
that committee; and I think it due to the House
and country that this fact ought to be known. It
ought to be known that publications which occur
from time to time are, many of them, spurious.
There is nothing in the letters affecting anybody.
Mr. HOUSTON. As the gentleman from
North Carolina has brought to the attention of the
House the publication of alleged evidence before
one of the committees of this House, I would be
glad if he would tell the House, if he can—if he
cannot, let the chairman of the committee tell us—
how it is that testimony given before that com-
mittee finds its way into the newspapers immedi-
ately after the sittings of the committee?
Mr. SHERMAN. I must insist on my motion
to go into committee. I did not yield for the pur-
pose of protracted discussion.
Mr. HOUSTON. Under what rule is it that
the members of that committee give testimony
taken before them to the public, or allow it to be
made public before they make their report to the
House? I should like to have the matter ex-
plained. Is it the policy of that committee to
asperse and defame the character of high officers
of the Government? [Cries of "Order!" "Or-
der!"] If the committee has been raised for that
purpose, and does nothing else, let it be known.
[Cries of Order!" "Order!"] If it be only to
slander  [Cries of " Order!"]
Mr. WINSLOW. I will answer the gentle-
man, if the House will permit me. I do not know
how this testimony gets out. It certainly does
get out in some shape or form. I have no reason
to believe that any of my colleagues have con-
nived at it. There may be three or four "black
cuts" in the committee-room. [Laughter.] I
look upon investigations into the private corre-
spondence of the Chief Executive of this Union
as an abominable practice. I deem it due to the
House that letters purporting to have been given
m evidence before that committee, but which
have not been presented to that committee, shall
not by silence on the subject go spuriously before
the country. For myself, I woulu not notice any-
thing in a newspaper about me. I was early
taught that there are three classes with whom I
never should get into controversy: one is preach-
ers, for they have pulpits anu I have not in
which to answer them;and then editors, for they
have journals and i have not in which to answer
them; and the othei is women, because they al-
ways will have the last word. I have never in-
terfered with any of these three classcs of people.
[Laughter.] I mean to say, that I have never in-
terfered with them in an improper manner. I do
not want to sulfur publications to appear in news-
papers of evidence purporting to have been given
befoie a committee of this House, which was not
given before any committee, without explanation,
lor the reason that this is about the only place
where a correction can be made.
Mr. COVODE. I want to say a word in iep]y
to the lemaiks of my colleague on the commit-
tee of investigation, to which he has referred. 1 do
not understand that he intimates that any member
of the committee has furnished any of this evi-
dence. I would state that there was one occa-
sion when evidence appeared in the New York
Herald one day before we got it. [Laughter.]
The correspondent of that paper was called upon,
and a protest was made against his publishing
evidence before it was presented to the committee.
I stated that I was willing he should get it so soon
as he could after it was given in to us. We sent
for that correspondent and qualified him,and then
he testified that a witness called upon him three
or four times and finally gave him the evidence.
As to the letters which have been referred to,
when Mr. Van Dyke was asked whether he
would produce his correspondence with the Pres-
ident, he said that he would.
Mr. LEAKE. I rise to a point of order.
Mr. COVODE. Mr. .Van D^ke" called upon
me and handed me the corresponden -e.
Mr. LEAKE. The gentleman trom Pennsyl-
vania has no right to refer, even in this House, to
what passed in committee. It is a perfectly good
point of order.
MILITARY LAWS.
Mr. HUGHES offered the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs in-
quire into the expediency ot so amending the military laws,
commonly callcd "the lulcs and aiticles of war/'as to
secure the punishment of crime* committed during wai
in an enemy's country, not provided for by existing laws.
WASHINGTON CATHOLIC BENEFICIAL SOCIETY.
Mr. BARR. I ask leave to introduce a bill to
incorporate the Catholic Beneficial Total Absti-
nence Association of the District of Columbia.
Mr. HOARD objected.
TARIFF.
Mr, SHERMAN. I ask for a vote on my
resolution.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended, and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Wash-
burn, of Maine, in the chair,) and proceeded to
the consideration of the tariff bill, on which the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Avery] was en-
titled to the floor.
Mr. FLORENCE. I want to know whether it
is the understanding thatdebateshall continue dur-
ing the day, and that no business shall be done ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no doubt that, if gen-
tlemen upon theotherside will agree that no ques-
tion shall be raised about there being a quorum
present this week, we upon this side of the House
can agree that there shall be no legislation of a po-
litical character taken up, so that the whole week
may be devoted to the discussion of the tariff and
of political and other questions.
Mr. FLORENCE. I presume that will be en-
tirely acceptable to this side of the House.
Mr. SHERMAN. But with the understand-
ing that the question of the presence of a quorum
shall not be raised.
Mr. CURTIS. We may want to pass resolu-
tions. I must object to giving away the right of
doing business.
Mr. CURRY. I desire it understood, that if
this proposition is intended to be a Unanimous
agreement upon the part of the House, I shall not
consent to it; nnd I interpose an objection, at the
start, to the proposition that business may be done
without a quorum.
Mr. ICEITT. It is not designed to do any
business.
Mr. CURRY. 1 desire further to say, that if
I choose to raise the point in reference to "the pres-
ence of a quorum, at any time during tins week,
I do not want to be prejudiced by anything winch
occurs this morning.
Mr. HOUSTON. I suppose, from what has
been said, that no agreement can he made in ref-
erence to doing business. I am favor of doing
all we can, for I want an early adjournment of
this session of Congress. But I do not exactly
understand what is meant by the language of the
gentleman from Ohio in reference to doing no po-
litical business. The most important part of our
legislation has no reference to political questions.
I am willing to go on with general discussion,
though I prefer to take up appropriation bills to
which there can be no objection, and pass them.
These appropriation bills are mostly based upon
estimates of the Departments, and if the House
will take them up, we can in that way advance in
our business.
Mr. SHERMAN. My proposition was, that
this week should be devoted to the discussion of
