2770
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
ground in this ease. Sir, I shall have nothing
to do with the personalities indulged in by the
sitting member, nor shall I allude to him in con-
nection with what he has thought it consistent
with the ideas and duties of a gentleman to re-
hearse here upon this floor—private conversations
which he has had with gentlemen whom he may
be pleased to call Republicans, and then to refuse
to give the names of such men of the Republican
party; imposing whatever of odium may restfrom
these conversations upon the whole of us on this
side of the House, when he himself knows that it
belongs to only one individual. Every gentleman
on this floor must govern himself under the rules
according to his own taste and judgment, and
must settle for himself what he may and may not
ao and still be a gentleman. To that test I leave
the sitting member and the private conversations
he has related. However, I think it is due from
me that I should allude to the charge made by the
sitting member, that the committee, in calling on
the House to vote for these resolutions, proposes
" to legislate this contestant into his seat." Sir,
the examples of legislating men into a scat in this
or in the other branch of Congrfes of the United
States, set us in the very quarter whence now
comes the groundless charge that we are attempt-
ing to follow the examples thus set, 1 shall never
imitate. They have never failed to meet my de-
nunciation, and never shall fail to meet it.
Sir, the report claims here, and we ask a vote
upon the resolution in support of that claim, that
the contestant has received a majority of the legal
votes cast at this election. Tlie grounds upon
which that report are based, I propose, more
clearly than I had time to do on the opening of
the case, to set forth. They are the grounds
which satisfied the committee, and which, after I
shall have set them forth a little more at large than
I did at the opening of the case, will, I am certain,
satisfy the House. I ask no member to vote for
these resolutions unless he is satisfied of the
grounds upon which the committee base these
resolutions.
The sitting member has said that the report of
the committee was a studied and, he was pleased
to say, very able attempt to conceal and to keep
from the knowledge of the House the true state
of the facts of this case. Now, sir, that remark
from the sitting member compels me to say, in
justice to the other members of the committee,
and to all others, that no other person is respons-
ible for the language and the arguments of that
report than myself. I have, sir, as long as I have
been in this House, never felt that it comported
with my duty to adopt and present to this House
a report prepared forme by counsel who appeared
inany cascbefore thecommittee upon which I had
been placed, nor to adopt and present to the House
as those of the committee, the language or argu-
ments that have been presented to me by others.
I say that whatever defects there may be in that
report—and I would be the last man to say that
it is free from defects—it has the merit of origin-
ality.
There is no such coincidence in its language
with the production of any other person; there is
no such coincidence of mistake, and blunder even,
as constitute earmarks to prove its identity and
demonstrate its foreign parentage; and if what
the sitting member says of it be true, and it is a
"studied"—no matter whether "able" or not—
attempt on my part to deceive this House as to
the true facts of this case, that is a charge which
lies at my door, and mine alone, so far as every-
thing, except the conclusions and judgment of
the report, are concerned. And, sir, it is a grave
charge. It is acharge which I accept at his hands
as a member of a committee of this House, ap-
pointed by the Speaker to a position not altogether
the most pleasant, as my colleagues on that com-
mittee will bear me witness, disposed to do right
between party and party. Not claiming for my-
self more than any other member of the commit-
tee, or any other member of the House, that I
can rise above party partiality and party preju-
dice; but feeling all along that he who puts the
evidence, when he is a trier and a judge in such
a case as this, into the scale of party bias and
party prejudice, and determine it by such a test,
is no longer worthy of a place in this House.
I shall not, as I said before, ask any other
member tp concur in the conclusions of the com-
mittee. I shall not ask any other member to say
that the reasons upon which the committee have
founded their report are, in his opinion, good and
sufficient reasons. I shall not ask the sitting mem-
ber to accord to me honesty of purpose, after the
statement he has made. I shall only plainly,
and in as simple and brief a manner as I can,
recount a little more fully those grounds, and trust
to the judgment.of this House, and to the judg-
ment of my constituents, whether I have com-
mitted a barefaced and foul fraud on the House.
Mr. Speaker, I said I should not have any re-
marks to make to the sitting member in reference
to the conversation which he rehearsed here, that
he had had with some Republican member of this
House, who told him, in reference to this report,
that he was called upon to do some dirty work of
his party. I have to say to that Republican, if
any such there be, that if such is his opinion,
the best thing he can do for his own credit is to
vote against these resolutions; and, if he has been
consorting with the sitting member in this case,
so long as to conceive that there is some cleaner
work for him to do in that company, the best
thing for him is at once to show his colors, and
to perform that for which he seems to have some
new-born taste. I ask no member of the Repub-
lican party, and no member of the House, to vote
for these resolutions, if, in his opinion, it is some
dirty work of the party. I have already said that
the examples of that kind set us heretofore, in
the quarter whence this private conversation has
been repeated, I have felt called upon to denounce
here elsewhere, and I always shall. And I shall
denounce as much the Republican who, feeling,
from his examination of this case, that it is dirty
work to vote for these resolutions, yet does it.
With something of an air of triumph, the sit-
ting member said that here, to-day, if it could
be shown to the satisfaction of any lawyer that
thirty illegal votes were cast for him, he would
resign his place. Now, sir, I suppose that the
sitting member will take as fair the illegal votes
that are found to have been cast for him by the
minority of the committee. There are four very
respectable and able lawyers who have signed
the minority report, and I suppose that he will
have no objection to take it for granted that those
votes which the minority of the committee find
to bo illegal are illegal. Now, I ask him to turn
to the minority report, (page 42,) and there he
will find twenty-eight votes put down at once as
illegal votes cast for liim. Then I ask him to
turn to one of his own witnesses, whom he called
himself, whs swears that he was not a legal vo-
ter, but, as he then thought, he had voted for
Mr. Blair. I ask him then to turn to the abstract
of votes, and he will find that that man, who
thought when he was on the stand that he voted
for Blair, voted three times for Mr. Barret. That
makes thirty-one illegal votes. Then I ask him
to turn to page 33 of the report, where my friends
of the minority find a man who, they say, is
proved not to be a legal voter, and who voted for
Mr. Blair; but the testimony of his own witness
shows that while he voted once for Mr. Blair, he
voted four or five times also for Mr. Barret.
Now, I would not ask the sitting member to ful-
fill his promise. I did not suppose he would
when he made it. I supposed that it was one of
those earnest and heated remarks that are some-
times nlade in debate. That is what 1 mean. I
meant nothing disrespectful to him when I said
that I did not suppose that he would fulfill his
promise when he made it.
Now, sir, what are the facts of this case ? As
I have said before, in the brief time I shall occupy
the attention of the House 1 propose to state them
a little more fully than in my opening remarks.
The sitting member took the Gravois precinct,
where the committee rejected a large number of
votes. He turned to the testimony of a witness
and read to the House, and then said that was all
the testimony in the case touching these persons
who were rejected by the committee in this report.
The testimony of that witness is the testimony of a
person who lived atGravois; who has lived there a
great number of years; who, if I mistake not, em-
ployed the hands engaged in business at the coal
mines—not Mr. Hunt, the owner, alluded to by
the gentleman who last addressed the House—but
a man who is equally familiar with all the circum-
stances connected with the inhabitants there, and
who is familiar with the business that calls people
there.
Mr. PHELPS. What is the name of the wit-
ness?
Mr. DAWES. Chilton. -He testified, with the
list before him, that A B—called by name from
the list—he knew nothing about, and never heard
of before; that of C D he knew nothing, and never
heard before of such a person; and so on to the
number of fifty, or more. His testimony will be
found on page 731. This witness was a political
friend of the sitting member, and voted for him.
He was no willing witness to the facts he testified.
But there were in addition to this testimony a
great many facts in the case—as legitimate testi-
mony as that of John Chilton—facts which go in
every court of justice to prove just as much as,
and in a great many instances a good deal more
than, falls from the lips of the witness. They are
a kind of facts that cannot lie—that cannot be
twisted—but which must be met and answered, or
they prevail. And he who attempts, and yetfails
to answer them, strengthens and corroborates
them. Why, sir, this Gravois precinct was a
little tract of country just about the size of a com-
mon school district at the North. They have
larger ones in the great South and West; but, as
I said, just about the size of a school district in
the North, where fifty or sixty voters, or such a
matter, ordinarily reside, and ordinarily cast their
votes; where a man who has lived there a great
many years "with ordinary intelligence, engaged
in ordinary business transactions, could not have
remained a stranger to any man who resided there.
Therefore, when an honest, intelligent witness, a
man who manages the business there, comes for-
ward and says, " here in one hundred and eighty-
five votes, all cast of a sudden in this little pre-
cinct, there are fifty men I never heard of before,"
the circumstances under which he would so tes-
tify, the place where he testified, make up testi-
mony stronger than any other which could be
presented.
Mr. PHELPS. Will the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts yield to me a moment ? I merely wish
to call the attention of the House to this single
paragraph from the testimony of Mr. Chilton.
He says:
" Mr. Cline asked me about the quantity of voles given
at the Gravois, and he asked me if I knew all that weie
voting there at the time I was there? I told him£ no;' and
he asked me if there were a great many strangers around?
I told him - yes.' He asked me if I thought they were en-
titled to a vote or not? I told him 1 could not tell. He
asked meifl knew mostof the people living around there?
I told him I did not. I knew that most of them were work-
ing foi us, aud I could say no fuither about it."
. He declares that he does not know whether
these people lived there or not.
Mr. DAWES. Bat subsequently he took up
the list seriatim, in answer to direct and pointed
interrogatories, and I believe I have quoted his
replies correctly. He was, as 1 have said, a po-
litical friend of the sitting member, no political
friend of the contestant. All his partialities were
against the testimony; and these answers were
drawn from him as from an unwilling witness,
who would have gladly been relieved from dis-
closing them.
Then, sir, another item of testimony in relation
to Gravois. As I said in the opening, there are
but three ways of accounting for that vote in the
known world. One is, that it was a latent vote,
which had never come out before; one is, that it
is a vote coming from abroad; and another is, that
it is a fraudulent vote. One attempt has been
made by the sitting member to explain this vote,
in which he failed. Then another attempt was
made to explain it in a different way, which was
also a failure. The sitting member claimed that
it was the vote of men residing at Gravois, but
usually voting in the city, who came out there at
that election because they wanted to cast their
vote for a particular judge. All I have to say in
reference to that is, that if they reside there they
are known; but here is the list, and neither the
sitting member nor anybody else has pointed out
a single one of these men who does reside theie,
with the exception of two. He brought two men,
who swore that they resided there, and voted
there for the first time; and upon that explana-
tion he left this whole increase, having explained
but two votes.
Then the gentleman tried another explanation
of it. He said that men had the right to go into
Gravois and vote from other parts of the city; that
they had the right to come from any part of the
