1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
district and vote in that precinct for a member of
Congress. That is true. But if they came there
from out of the preciffet, they must first take an
oath that they had not voted! in any other pre-
cinct and would not vote in any other precinct
in that election. But there was evidence that that
oath was not administered; and there cannot be
pointed out a single man who came there from
any other part of the district. There are the
names; if they come from any other part of the
district they can be found. Not one of them has
been found; and therefore I say that there is other
testimony, besides that of John Chilton, that the
men whose names are on that list, with the ex-
ception of those pointed out by the gentleman
from North Carolina—to whom I will allude in
a moment—have been proved by evidence which
satisfied the committee that they are fraudulent
votes. It may not be sufficient to satisfy any other
gentleman. I do not ask any other gentleman to
take it, unless it satisfies him that, with all the
circumstances and facts corroborating the testi-
mony of Mr. Chilton, these votes were fraudu-
lent. The sitting member has attempted, by two
different methods, to explain this vote; and hav-
ing failed in both instances, it sufficiently demon-
strates the fact that he did not show the votes were
legal because it could not be shown.
Mr. BARRET. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. DAWES. I would be very glad to spend
my time in this way; but I refrained from hold-
ing colloquies with gentlemen upon the other side
while they were proceeding with their arguments,
and I prefer not to be interrupted.
Mr. BARRET. I have no desire to interrupt
the gentleman for the purpose of consuming his
time; but I understood him to say that there were
two gentlemen who voted at Gravois from the
city of St. Louis. I want to know who they were.
Mr. DAWES. I cannot call their names. You
furnished them.
Mr. BARRET. There is no testimony about
any such two persons that 1 know of. 1 presume
the two men to whom the gentleman refers were
men who had lived at Gravois for the last twelve
or fifteen years;but who voted there for the first
time in their lives at this election.
Mr. DAWES. The next in order on the list is
the second ward precinct, the testimony in rela-
tion to which depends to some extent upon the
census returns; and that brings me to the argu-
ment of the gentleman from Kentucky, a member
of the Committee of Elections.
The gentleman asserted, in round terms, that
the committee in their report stated that which
was not true. Now, I do not mean to say that
the gentleman meant to declare that the commit-
tee intended to state that which was not true. lie
stated distinctly that a certain paragraph in ref-
erence to the return, and which he read, was not
true; and he became quite heated because I would
not rise in my place and interject into his speech
the evidence that it was true. I will read what he
read, and when I have produced the evidence that
it is true, I hope the gentleman will subside, so
far as this point is concerned:
"On the 13th day of August, 1858, the City Council of
St. Louis passed an oidmance to take the census of the
city provided by it* ehaitor and previous ordinances. A
copy of tins ordinance will be annexed lo tills repoit. For
tins puipo^e the city was divided into distiicts,and census
takur< weie appointed for each census district. They were
instructed, in addition to an enumeration of the inhab-
itant's, to a^ceitain and report vaiious other matters of sta-
tistical jjit'ot [nation; among which was the nationality of
the inhabitant* found within their respective precincts, and,
whether naturalized or not, if foieign born, how long resi-
dent/' See.
The gentleman declared that there was not one
word of truth in that statement, and, as I have
already said, he complaincd of me because I would
not at that instant, while he was speaking, gratify
him with the proof. Please turn to page 519 of
the printed testimony,and see whether the census
taker had any such mtructions as those. Here is
the evidence:
" J3. >1. Joel, of lawful age, being produced and sworn
by me, depose-? and says :
k£ Question. Where do you reside, Mr. Joel ?
" v'lnMrcr. In the sixth ward in the city of St. Louis.
<c Question. Did you take the census ot that ward since
the election, under the eity ordinance?
" Ansuer. Yes sir.
<v Question. Weie you instructed in that ordinance,
among other things, to a^ceitam the nationality of the dit-
ferent persons, in that ward, and whether those fromfor-
cigu countries had ever been naturalized or not
" Answer. I do not know if it was in the ordinance, but
it was my instructions to take the nationalities, and also if
foreigners were naturalized or not?
" Question. State whethei, in executing those instruc-
tions you found many persons who had not been natural-
ized Jiving in that ward?
"•Answer. Yes, sir; I found a great number,"
Again, on page 666:
" Julius Rapp—Witness.
" Question. Did you take the census of tne second ward?
"Answer. I did.
" Question.. Did you have instructions to make a memo-
randum or note of the nationality of all the persons found in
your ward, and the toreign born, whether naturalized or
not?
tl Answer. Yes, sir, T did have such instructions.
" Question. Did you make a memorandum or note in ac-
cordance with such instructions?
" Answer. Yes, sir, 1 did so.
u Question. Did you subsequently compare this work
with the poll-books of the second ward, and make a list of
persons who were not naturalized, and whose names were
found on the poll-books of that ward?
" Answer. I compared the list of the census, and made a
list of such persons who voted, and were not naturalized
" QueUion. Have you that list with you? Please give the
narrips and residence of the parties.
(" Paper marked Exhibit D handed to witness, and he read
therefiom.)
" Answer. JohnE. Bauer lives in alley, block 153; Wil-
liam C. Bender, block 378; John Frederick, block 367;
John Gauter, block 203; John Hogan, block 152; Peter
Hart, No. 317 Eighth street, block 154; Frederick Kalff,
Seventh street, block 376; William Meastabrock, Julia
street, block 374; William Miller, Seventh street, block
152; Christian Scheele, block 367; John Shinkel, block
152; A. Urban, Tenth street, block 465; Lawrence Wink-
ler, Soulard street, block 706; W. Williamson, Third street,
block 154 ; John W. Meyer, block 376; George Bowman,
Soulard street, block 374; John Halm, block 154 ; Patrick
Harry, block 153; H. K. Wagner, on Hamptrumck street,
block 403.
" Question. Did you ascertain that each of these persons
were of foreign birth, and never legally naturalized in this
country?
i( Answer. Yes, sir."
I am informed, by my friend and colleague on
the committee, that two others testified that the
blanks furnished them contained those instruc-
tions. It is stated in the report of the minority,
and argued by the gentleman from Kentucky in
an interrogative manner—what right had they to
decide who were voters? What right had they to
call witnesses,and examine them as to the qualifi-
cation of voters ? They had no right to do so, and
nobody ever claimed that they had. They were
instructed to obtain statistics. The census takers
of the United States are instructed to obtain sta-
tistics. The term census in the United States has
received that construction. Under that name cen-
sus takers can be instructed and required to ob-
tain all manner of statistics according to the wis-
dom and discretion of the Superintendent of the
Census here at Washington; and the book in the
Library of Congress filled with such statistics is
evidence for the use of all public men, and in all
public and legislative proceedings, subject to such
contradiction and explanation as it may be in the
power of any one to make and the statistics will
admit of. Such is the use made of this census.
The United States census tells us how much hay
there is in the country, how many oxen, how
much cotton is raised, how many foreign-born
citizens, how many unnaturalized persons, how
many whites, how many blacks, and a thousand
other things, all of which are included in the word
census.
In reference to this precinct the census taker
himself is put upon the stand. He testi6es to
what his own eyes did see, and what his own ears
did hear, when he went out to take this census.
He came back with the census as the resultof his
labors. He certifies to it. Pie gives the name
and street and number of the man he ascertained
to be an unnaturalized person, or of the man he
ascertained to have his first papers only. We
thought, with that evidence before the sitting
member, and with an opportunity for him to
cross-examinc or contradict the witness, call the
man living at this number, or his neighbor; and
if he did not cross-examine the witness, or pro-
duce the slightest evidence to meet this state of
facts, we believed it was because he was unable
to do' so. These were the grounds of our con-
clusion as to this list of voters. Now, this may
not satisfy others; it did us. The House will say
whether it does them also. «
There is the testimony of several other men
who were also census takers; but I must hasten
on. In one instance the census taker himself was
not examined. A man goes to the census return
and copies off what he found there in reference to
certain individuals. His testimony is what he
found on the census returns. Ik that ver^ case,
old residents of the ward, who had been therefor
six, twelve, and fifteen years, went to the poll-
books, and took off the names they found there^
and which they had never before heard of$ the
names of men who had never before, to their
knowledge, voted in that ward. Some of these
old residents who thus testified had been'them-
selves judges of election, and some clerks of elec-
tion. They took the list they had, and compared
it with the list of the census taker, and they were
found to coincide, so far as every one of the names
upon the list in the report of the majority is con-
cerned.
There were others about which there was more
doubt, and we struck them from the list. Then,
so far as I now recollect, and so far as I have been
able to test it in this brief time, there is not a
single voter named upon that list that depends
solely upon the evidence that somebody saw the
name put down in the census return as not having
been naturalized.
A word or two about the qualification of the
judges of elections, and I leave this case for gen-
tlemen to pass upon on their own judgments and
responsibility. Sir, we rejected a certain number
of precincts for the reason that .the judges and
clerks of those precincts were not sworn. Take
these out and there is left a very small number of
votes to be rejected as illegal from any other quar-
ter to turn the result,and more than the majority
remaining will be found, by direct and positive
testimony, to be illegal, independent of all inform-
ation obtained from the census. Therefore, I pro-
pose to dwell a moment upon the propriety of re-
jecting thoseprecincts, although there is but little
left for me to say in vindication of our course after
my friend from New Hampshire [Mr. Marston]
has set forth in soclearandconvincingamannerthe
facts in the case. First, as to a Question of fact.
Were these men sworn or not? Tiiatisaquestion
of fact. And next, if they were not sworn, what
should be the effect upon the polls? Now, sir,
there is no evidence upon the returns that they
were sworn. I am not saying at this moment
whether the law requires it or not. I am only
speaking of the fact. There is no evidence upon
the poll-lists or returns that they were sworn at
all. The contestant alleged, not that he would
prove that they were not sworn, as is stated by
the sitting member, and in the report of the mi-
nority of the committee, but the distinct allega-
tion is made that in. this particular district they
were not sworn. If a judgment should come up
here without evidence that there is a notice to the
defendant, and the defendant pleads that he has
no notice, to whom does it belong to show that
he had notice? Of course it belongs to him to
show that he had notice who alleges that there
was notice. They wentinto the examination and
occupied sixty days. The sitting member called
one of the judges as a witness, but he never asked
him a question in reference to that matter. They,
the contestantand sitting member, argued the case
before the committee, and they argued it about ten
days each; one ofthem insistingall along that the
fact that the judges were notsworn was fatal,and
the other insisting all along that the fact that they
were not sworn did not make any difference. We
waited forty days after that, and there came in
two affidavits in respect to two other precincts,
setting forth that, in respect to them, the judges
had been sworn. Sir, the whole transaction con-
vinced the committee that this omission of affida-
vits or evidence as to the other precincts was not
accidental. Why not produce afiidavits in refer-
ence to the Gravois precinct?
Mr. BARRET. I have affidavits in reference
to all of them.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman may have affi-
davits to order. I speak of what appeared before
the committee. I do not know but that the House
will consent to be governed by what the gentle-
man has in his pocket, as they may by the St.
Louis Directory, about which he has ha5 a great
deal to say, and to which I see the minority of
the committee allude. There was no St. Louis
Directory before the committee. I never saw one
in my life; and if he has been furnishing one to
the minority of the committee in making up their
report, or for his friends to build speeches upon,
I have nothing to do with it, and am not called
upon to answer it. The Directory of St. Louis,
