1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1827
questions, political and otherwise, I hope chiefly
upon the tan# question,because that is a bill upon
v/hicli I desire to press a vote as soon as the House
is full next week. Now, so far as this week is
concerned, 1 believe that if we devote it entirely
to discussion upon that and other measures, we
shall thereby advance the business of the House.
If gentlemen upon the otherside of the House will
agree that the question of the presence of a quo-
rum shall not be raised during this week; that we
shall meet here day in and day out, and have polit-
ical discussions or political speeches of any kind,
we will, by that course, dispose of those speeches
which will be made some time. If gentlemen will
not conscnt to that, I know of no way except to
insist upon a quorum.
Mr. CURRY. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Ohio whether he proposes to postpone all
action upon appropriation bills until the House
has disposed of the tariff bill?
Mr. SHERMAN. I did not make any such
proposition. I desire,atan early period next week,
to press a vote upon that bill, whether the result
shall be in favor of it or otherwise.
Mr. CURTIS. As one member of the House,
I desire to say that I would not press to a vote
any great leading matter in the absence of a large
number of members. But I think we may go on
and do that about which there can be no political
difference. 1 am not willing to say that we shall
not go on with business that nobody can object
to. It seems to me that appropriation bills and
many other matters might be disposed of, and
especially that resolutions might be introduced and
reports made. So far as I am concerned, I will
agree not to press a vote upon anything which
relates to the extension of slavery in the Territo-
ries, upon the tariff question, or upon any great
leading measure. But, in reference to other ques-
tions, 1 hope the House will go on and transact
business, and not make political speeches.
Mr. COLFAX. I desire to state that I think
the proposition of the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means is certainly fair to the other
side of the House.
Mr. CRAWFORD. But your own side will
not agree to it.
Mr. COLFAX. It is obvious that there is a
majority upon tins side of the House who do not
desire to press questions to a vote if gentlemen on
the other vSiue will only allow this debute to go
on, and I hope no gentleman wil! object.
Mr. FLORENCE. Tt is obvious that questions
must bo decided as they come up; and I object to
this discussion proceeding any further.
Mr. BINGHAM. Who is entitled to the floor?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee.
Mr. THEAICER. I desire to say that I am
not going to pledge myself ui any way upon this
question. I shall feel at liberty at any and all
tim'.s during this week, or any other time, to take
such measures as I can for a call of the House, or
for a vote by yeas and nays, when I think there
is nut a quorum present, for the reason that I am
opposed to legislation m every shape when there
is no quorum. I have taken an oath to support
the Constitution, and I will not consent to the
proposed arrangement.
Mr. LEAKE. 1 ask the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, who I understand is entitled to the lloor,
to yield to mo a moment.
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 object to this farming out
the floor.
Mr. LEAKE. I wish to make but a few re-
marks. I have not trespassed much upon the
attention of the House, and shall not now to any
extent But I want one thing distinctly and em-
phatically understood. 1 concur m the correct-
ness of the remarks of the gentleman from Oino,
[Mr. Theaker.] He says he will call the yeas
and nays whenever he pleases. That is nglit.
Nov/, sir, I want to say. for myself, that 1 have
voted heretofore against eveiy proposition to ad-
juurn over on account of the Charleston conven-
tion, yet this morning I voted for an adjournment,
and for the plain reason that I saw that we could
r.ot have a business-noting quorum here. I made
up rnv mind at the same time, and so expressed
myself to private friends, that when the Chicago
convention should meet I should be obliged to
change my policy and vote to adjourn over for that
convention.
[Voices from the Republican side. We do not
ask it.]
Well, sir, I will not concede it, if gentlemen do
not ask it. We hear very much about the tariff
question, in_which my constituents feel a great
interest. Now, you may force a vote upon that
measure this week, while the Democratic party in
this Hall shall be in a very small minority.
Mr. BINGHAM. We have no disposition to
do that.
Mr, LEAKE. One gentleman on the other
side has had the candor to say that he will call for
a vote whenever he pleases. I adjnire the prin-
ciple upon which he acts; and I am for acting
upon it myself. While I announce that I am will-
ing to vote to adjourn for this week, and the week
of the Chicago convention, too—because I think
courtesy requires it—yet I warn you that I will
resort to every parliamentary method to prevent
a vote upon any important measure, when this
side of the House is not prepared for it.
Mr. BINGHAM. I rise to a point of order. I
object to the floor being farmed out indefinitely
all the morning.
Mr. LEAKE. I wos only about to remark 
Mr. NOELL. I object to further interruption.
Mr. LEAKE. I believe the gentleman from
Ohio intends to act fairly and squarely, when he
says no vote shall be taken during the week. Did
I understand him aright?
Mr. SHERMAN. I not only said so, but I
intend to carry out the proposition in its spirit;
and I will vote against anybody who will attempt
to force a vote. [Cries of "Good!" from the
Democratic benches.]
Mr.LEAKE. Mr.Chairman, Ireceivesomany
assurances all around, that, having accomplished
my purpose, I believe I will resume my seat. 1 j
think that is the wisest thing I have done at this i
session. [Laughter.] j
Mr. AVERY. Mr. Chairman, the speeches and j
press of the opponents of the Democratic paity, :
North as well as South, every where, proclaim that i
the rallying cry of disunion is to be raised against !
that party; and the Opposition organizations are
to be held up as the only constitutional, Union-
loving, and law-abiding parties in the land.
The great high pnest and apostle of the Repub-
lican party upon the lloor of the American Sen-
ate, in his famous speech some time since, told us
that his party had a great mission to perform m
the coming contest, and that was to meet and over-
come this issue of disunion. Under the shibboleth
of "liberty and Union," this patriotic party is to
go forth upon its holy mission of saving the na-
tion. Interpreted, this liberty and Union means
the abolition of slavery, and the subjugation of
the South.
But. sir, one of the most ingenious and care-
fully-prepared and elaborated speeches which has
been mode upon the other side of this House was
that of the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Periiy,]
some weeks since. It is to the chief points raised
m that speech, together with some remarks of the
very distinguished gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Corwin-,] m a speech delivered by him in the ear- >:
her part of the session, but more recently printed, |j
that I propose briefly to reply. |j
The gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Perry,] starts
out by saying that— j'
"The discordant note* of disunion! Disrvios! have m ,,
defiant tones eiated upon our ear-*, fiom the lir^t day that ,
we took out seat:* in tin,-. Hall, until the prudent tane , while ; j
upon every southern bieoze iheie come*, up to the Capitol i<
horn southern executives scmmein le<zi-Iaion-, southern
conventions and the southern press, the same unwelcome j,
tSneatt mm-. d
•• At tii poi.it qu?stion susse-t* itself what has the j j
Xoiili cioue.o! lett undone, that ir should be tliu- niciely i;
a-—ailt-d ? and what reason lias the youth lor dealing out j,
the-e I'.ttei tiu<'riNaiiddo;m>iciat!on*a£;wiSttheirhtethi-en j:
in the tree State*? This question, with its incidental con-
nocums, t now piopo>e briefly to di-.euss>; and while I ;l
feel called upon to s-peafc plainly, and in all frankness,! ;|
mean to ob«eive that -Met courtesy and gentlemanly bear- jj
iu<< winch aie due liom eveiy tnembei upon tins lloor to his ij
pe"is !■
Ju the discu^ions which have here taken plac*. south- n
ern gentlemen haveexptesed a willingness to stand by the , j
Constitution ot om common country, to observe in good jj
faith its obligations and compromise-.. Wc of the North j;
join hands? with you here. We claim that we are not only \t
loyal io this great fundamental law, but that we have been j;
so in all tunes pat-t. And here comes the u>?ue to be tried:
you clnuge us with numerous derelictions in duty; wo j
charge them back upon>< u. You have atraigned thegieat h
Republican pany oi the Union before the high couit of the j,
American people, and ciiaiged n with treason to the Con- >:
stitution; wc fling all special pleadings to the winds, join
issue upon the niuiiu>, and go to the country."
Now, sir, 1 take the gentleman at his word—
"fling ail special pleadings to the winds, join issue
upon the merits, and go to the country/"
I charge that the only disunion party that has
an existence in this Government is that purely
sectional party known as the Black Republican
party with William H. Seward at its head. I
know that it is denied. 1 know that you sing
peans to the Union more loudly now than ever.
Every blow that is struck at, every new aggres-
sion that is made upon the equal rights of all the
people, and upon a common Constitution, a new
shout is sent up for the Union. Why, the gen-
tleman himself, in the peroration to his speech,
pronounced a most eloquent eulogismin behalf of
this Union. But, sir, it is by the acts of this
party that I propose to try it. Upon these, the
great jury to which we have appealed are to
found their solemn verdict.
When I speak of this Union, I mean the Union
under the Constitution, and with ail the guaran-
tees of that Constitution. When I pronounce and
denounce that party as the only disunion party in
the land, I mean that it is the only party that has
ever had an organized political existence in this
Government that has persistently trampled under
foot the Constitution, denied its binding obliga-
tions, made continued and aggressive war upon the
sacred rights of the people of one half the sover-
eign States of this Confederacy, and consequently
disloyal to the Union formed by the compact of
that Constitution. And because we,of the weaker
section, under these manifold aggressions, resist
them, we are denounced as the disunion party;
the Democratic party is denounced as the dis-
union parly, and you the only conservators of the
rights of the people and the Uni< n of the States.
For what was this Constitution of ours estab-
lished? The preamble, before the first section of
the first article is stated, tells us, that
" Wo, the people of the United States, in order to form
a moie peif'ect union, establish justice, injure domestic
tranquillity, provide tor the common defense, piomote the
geneial wcllure, and secuie the blessings ot hbuty lo our-
fcclve-* and oin posterity, do ordain and establish this Con-
stitution tor the United States of America."
These were the great objects for which this
Constitution was ordained and established, the
foremost of which seems to have been %t to form
a more perfect union." Now sir, to preserve in-
tact this more perfect union in all its parts, to be
unionist instead of disumomst, every such re-
quirement of the Constitution, from the gieatest to
the least, must be maintained. That party, then,
which -fails in the fulfillment of these lequire-
ments, is ipso facto a disunion party. The inquiry
iben is, what party has been thus guilty' If I
can succeed in fixing this perfidy upon any party,
I make out my case, and call for a verdict at the
hands of the tribunal to which we have appealed.
The lost clause of section two of the fourth ar-
ticle of the Constitution provides, that—
'* No person lnid to seivice or labor in one State, under
the laws theieof, escaping into another, shall in conse-
quence of any law or lobulation theiem bo discharged trom
suchseivice or laboi ; Init shall be dehveied. up on claim
ot the patty to whom such service or labor may be due."
The gentleman evasively says that the word
slaves or slavery nowhere appears in the Constitu-
tion. He surely will not have the temerity to say
that slaves are meant in this clause of the Consti-
tution. Mr. Madison, who made the Constitu-
tion, and who, I presume, knew as much about
its meaning as any of the latter-day lights who
set up to interpret it—Mr. Madison, in speaking
of this very clause of the Constitution, and after
citing it, used the following language:
" This clause ires expressly inserted to enable own-
ers oj slaves to reclaim them.,J
Now, here is the Constitution, plain and unmis-
takable, declaring; positively that no law or regu-
lation of a State shall be passed to discharge slaves
—runaway negroes—escaping into those States
from service, but shall be delivered up upon claim
of the party to whom such service is due. Lot us
see how this mandate of the Constitution lias beep
earned out. The gentleman has had the hardi-
hood to say:
<{ Southern msm sometime complain that the people^ of
the tree State-* obstruct the due exv< ution ol the fugitive
slave law; but thev are mistaken in this n&a-umption. *
* * -  -v *«if our southern friend* expect the
