1828
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 23,
people of the free States to turn slave hunters, and join in
t§e*chase in turning down tire panting fugitive, they will
bfe disappointed. We never agreed to any such thing, and
we never vyiltdoif; n°t bond.'" * *
**<• gad as the law is, and as objectionable as is the
manner In which it Is attempted to be executed, it js en-
forced by the people of the iree States. The honorable
gentleman from Ohio [Ex-Governor Corwin] has told you
in this Ilouse'it is enforced in the West. So it is in the
middle States, and so it has been in New England. Yes,
sit, Boston court-house has been put m chains, and the
peaceable people of that State kept out of the temple of
justice by Federal bayonets, and the Treasury of the United
States robbed of its thousands and tens of-thousands to pay
the bills for returning n' fugitive slave.
" It is easy enough to stand up and charge the people of
the free States with being disloyal to the Constitution m
this particular; but a fair, impartial investigation will show
all such allegations unfounded, it is due to fairness to add
that, individually, f believe the present fugitive slave law
unconstitutional; and if a bill were introduced into this
House for its unconditional repeal, I would vote for it; and
in so doing should reflect the opinions of a vast majority of
my constituents of all parties."
Out of his own mouth will I convict him. He
says, in one breath, that the people of the South
are mistaken in complaining that the free States
obstruct the due execution of the fugitive slave
law; and, in the next breath, that at the point of
the bayonet Boston fugitives are reclaimed. Call
you not this obstructing the due execution of the
law? "Why all this array of Federal power, but
because it was necessarily invoiced to carry out
and enforce a plain provision of the Constitution,
which was defied and set at naught? If these
peaceful men of Boston had, like loyal citizcns,
quietly complied with this express requirement of
the Constitution, there would have been no need
of this formidable and expensive proceeding.
" Shall be delivered up;" that is in the bond.
The gentleman says the due execution of the
law is not obstructed, and has been executed in
New England. He has himself told how it has
been executed at the point of the bayonet. Let
us see how it is executed now in New England.
The Constitution says that we shall not be de-
prived of our slave property escaping into another
State by any law or regulation of that State. Now,
sir, when I show that every single, solitary State,
where Black Republicanism is dominant, right in
the face of this Constitution, has passed justsuch
laws as the Constitution says they shall not pass,
making itafelony for anyoncof her State officers
or citizens to aid in the recovery of our property,
how can they say that they are loyal to the Con-
stitution, ana consequently to the Union?
From a compilation of the report of the Virginia
Legislature, on the Harper's Ferry invasion,
which I here introduce, is shown what action has
been had by the various Black Republican States
on this subject:
"States which prohibit their officers and citizcns from
aiding in the execution of the huv: Maine, Massachusetts,
Pennsylvania. New York, Vermont, Wisconsin, New
Hampshire, Connecticut, Michigan, NevvJeisey, llhode
l&land.
" Slates which deny the use ofnll public cdificcs in aid of
the master: Maine, Massachusetts, Michigan, Veimont,
Rhode Island.
" States which provide defence for the fugitive : Maine,
Massachusetts, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, Vermont, New
York, Michigan.
" States which dcclarc the fugitive free, if brought hv their
masters into the State : Maine, Vcimotit, New Hampshire.
"State that declares linn ftee absolutely: New Hamp-
shire."
What are we to think of grave Senators and
Representatives declaring that they and their party
have been and are loyal to the Constution, with
such a damning record as this? Not a single ex-
ception in a single State, where you have luid the
power, but what, in some shape or other, these
nullifying laws have been passed. Foremost in
the catalogue, is the gentleman's own Statu—
Maine. By every possible form of solemn legis-
lation has she willfully, premeditatedly, and of
cool purpose, struck down the Constitution. To
be more explicit, I will quote the exact legislation j
of his State tipon this subject. Section fifty-throe ,
ol chapter eighty, page 491 of the Revised Statutes ;
of Maine, provides: j
" That no sheriff, deputy sheriff, constable, jailor, justice 1
of the peace, or other officer ot this State shall arrest or '
detain, or aid in so doing, in any piuon or building belong- 1
ing to this State, or to any county or town, any person on |
account o( a claim on him as a fugitive slave. Any of *aid
officers violating any of the aforesaid provisions, or aiding ■
or abetting any poison claiming, arresting,or detaining any i
person as a fugitive slave, shall toifeitasum not exceeding j
one thousand dollars for each offense, for the i^se of tljs i
county where committed, or he imprisoned Jess than oi*u '
year iu the county jail," ' I
Are not these laws and regulations justsuch as
the Constitution says no State shall pass? Is not
this whole party, then, justly and righteously con-
victed of treason to that Constitution they have
taken a solemn oath upon the Holy Evangelists of
Almighty God to support? How do these sheriffs,
constables, jailors—how do any of your party
get over your oath to support the Constitution ?
I have shown how this mandate of the Constitu-
tion is regarded in the New England and Middle
States; let us see how it is in the West, where the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Corwin] tells us it is
so faithfully executed. It is true that all the west-
ern States do not come in this category, but it is
solely because the Democracy of those States has
held you atb^y; because the Black Republican
party has not yet triumphed in them all.
In Ohio, however, whilst you had the power,
you passed these nullifying laws just as bad as
Maine or Massachusetts. The Democracy, loyal
to the Constitution,repealed them so soon as they
had the power. But Mr. Wade, the Senator of
the gentleman from Ohio, a little bolder than some
of his compeers, proclaimed upon the.floor of the
Senate the other day, that these same treasonable
laws would be reinstated upon the statute-books
of Ohio by the Republican party so soon as they
had an opportunity. Arc we to look then to
Ohio for their enforcement?
Sir, where they have no legislative enactments,
mob law is resorted to. Where mob law is not
invoked, the Governors of sovereign States make
bare the arm of executive power to stab the Con-
stitution. Permit mc to allude to the recent act
of the late Governor of Illinois.
I will state that I had in my possession, but
have mislaid, a letter from Mr. Hawkins, the
owner of the slave in question, embodying the
following facts, which I find in the Louisville
Courier:
" Five years since, Riley, a slave of J. C. Hawkins, was
indicted in Frankfort, Kentucky, for the crime of buiglary.
Before the trial he fled, and with the aid of some abolition
scoundrel, made a safe escape to Canada. Ayearafter-
waids, his owner met with him in Detioit, Michigan, but
before he could arm himself with legal authority to secure
him, the black laecal was f-pirited hack to Canada.
" The slave was lost sight of until two years smcc, when
he warf heard of in Chicago, as an attache of theltichmond
House. Ililey took to stealing, for which ho wab arrested,
convicted, and consigned to the State prison at Joliet for
two years. Ills term would have expired on Febiuaiy 19,
1600.
But the Governor of Illinois, evidently fearing a de-
mand would be made for him as fugitive or felon, oi both,
sent him a pardon, to take effect on the 11th m-tant.
<v Mr. Hawk in;-, be my advised of the rascally movements,
accompanied by policeman Milton Carry, of this city, and
P. U. Major, Esq , Commonwealths attorney foi Fiankun
county, went to Springfield, the capital of the State, and on
Wednesday, the 8tb, presented, fiom the Governor of Ken-
tucky, a requisition lor the slave as an escaped felon. Gov-
ernor Bissell affected much kindness, immediately wrote a
note to the Secietaiy of State for the ncees>aty papers, and
favorably impiessed the Kentuokians by his suavity and
courtesy.
" In the secretary'? office, Mr. Curry was informed that
it was impossible to get the papeis s>o as to enable him to
go to .Tohet by the noon tram, but they would be prepaied
m time for him to leave next morning. The documents-
were obtained, and the Kentuckians reached the State
prison next day, but the bird (black) had flown.
" Maik the sequel: Governor Bissell, on the noon train the
day previous, had dispatched a message with an order to
the warden of the prison, ordering the slave di^chaiged
foitiuvith, and advising the warden that he would fill up a
paidon when he was informed of the date of the discharge.
Dyer, a noted Abolitionist of Chicago, conveyed the klave
to that city, and on the ai rival of the Kcntucluaus, who
pursued him, harl him taken to Canada
« There can be no mistake as 'o BisscIPs conniving in
the e.seape of tins fugitive telon, for the order of discharge
was exhibited to Mr. Hawkins and Messrs. Cany and Majoi.
Governor Bissell anticipated his own pardon toaenminal,
and is guilty of bad faith and unmanly deception to the offi-
cials of a si&tei Stale, because the telon is a negro and a
slave."
Now, sir, the Democratic Legislature of the
State of Illinois has prevented any such foul blots
from being placed upon her statute-books as those
to which I have already alluded; but Illinois did
not happen to have a Democratic Governor; and
we have here the instance of the Governor of
a sovereign State, with a slave State as her neigh-
bor on the south and on the west, turning loose
from the penitentiary a negro felon, just because
he was a negro and a slave, when a white man
would not have been liberated under like circum-
stances, all to prevent his master from getting
him. This is the way the fugitive slave law is
enforced and the Constitution upheld in the West,
whe?eyer Black Republicanism has the power.
But. sir, I might pile proof upon proof of the in-
fidelity of this party to the Constitution, It would
be only cumulative. Nor, sir, does it seem
necessary to introduce testimony at all. Plow
many of you on that side of the House; how
many of your party, anywhere, in or out of Con-
gress, will even say that you will, in good faith,
carry out this clause of the Constitution ? Every
man of you knows, and no one of you will deny,
I suppose, that you will repeal this law when-
ever you get the power. The gentleman from
Maine said so in his speech. All you are waiting
for is a Senate on your side, and a President to
sustain you. You have now the popular branch
of Congress—fast increasing in the Senate—pre-
paring to make a death struggle for the Presi-
dency, with the power then, as the now tottering
props of the Constitution on the supreme bench,
one by one, pass away, to putin their loyal places
those who will strike down the last remaining
hope of half the Union. This is part of your
avowed policy—to remodel the Supreme Court—
so boldly argued by the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Conkling] who last addressed the com-
mittee in a speech prepared with much thought.
Not only so, but I charge here that it is alike your
purpose to abolish slavery m the States where it
now exists. You deny it. You say that it is only
to exclude it from the Territories. It was claimed
for your candidate for Speaker, Mr. Sherman,
that he disavowed the doctrines of the Helper
book because he said he was not in favor of dis-
turbing the institution of slavery in the States
where it now exists. If Mr. Sherman and the
balance of your party arc sincere in this, how
comes it that he and yon, by your solemn vote,
indorse the resolution of Mr. Slake ? What is
that resolution r
Whereas the chattehzing of mankind and the holding
of persons as property aie contiaiy to natuial justice and
the fundamental principles ot ourpohtical sv^teiii. and are
notoriou-lv a reproach to our country throughout the civil-
ized woikl and a scriou-s hmdetanee to the piojjiess of le-
publtcan hbeitv among the nations of theeaith : Theiefoie,
" Resolved, That the Committee on the Judicial y be, and
the same are hcicby, instructed to inquue into the expedi-
ency of reporting a bill giving fiecdom to evciy human be-
ing and inteidicting slavery, wherever Congress has the
constitutional powci to lcgi&late on the subject."
Here, sir, we have an overwhelming majority
of the Republican party in this House, headed by
Mr. Sherman—m fact, every member of that party
present when the vote was taken, excepting some
fourteen or fifteen—indorsing the doctrine of the
abolition of slavery everywhere.
Mr. SHERMAN. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee has referred particularly to mc, and there-
fore I feel at liberty to interrupt him, to say thus
much: the preamble which the gentleman has
read was never voted on at all in the House. In
the next place, that resolution offered by my col-
league [Mr. Blake] was simply for reference to
the Committee on the Judiciary, with instructions
to inquire into the expediency of reporting a bill
to prohibit slavery where Congress has a rjght to
prohibit it.
Another fact. Not fifteen minutes before the
resolution was offered by my colleague, a gentle-
man from South Carolina [Mr. McQueen] of-
fered a resolution to provide for the emancipation
of the white laborers of the northern States.
I looked upon the resolution of my colleague, at
the time, as a very good offset to the resolution of
the gentleman from South Carolina. But to show
the difference: the resolution of the gentleman
from South Carolina was received by the House
by a unanimous vote, was referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means,an J is now before that
committee for consideration. I Will say, further,
that when any member of the House, I do notcare
who he is, introduces any proposition whatever
that is respectful in its language and courteous, I
will vote to refer that proposition or resolution to
any committee of the House that he may desire,
i It was on that principle that I did not object to the
resolution of the gentleman from South Carolina.
But the action of the sixty members who voted for
that resolution was not a declaration on their part
that they would mterfere with slavery m the slave
States. I think there is not a member on this side
of the House who is not now willing to make the
declaration broadly, openly, that he is opposed to
any interference whatever with the relations of
master and slave in the slave States. We do
