1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
fens
Mr. SHERMAN announced that Mr. Moore,
of Kentucky, had paired off with Mr. Trimble,
both gentleman being confincd at home by indis-
position.
Mr. NELSON stated, that at the request and
for the accommodation of Mr. Stanton, he had
paired off with him on this question of the Mis-
souri contested election. He [Mr. Nelson]
would have voted in favor of the sitting member,
and Mr. Stanton would have voted in favor of
the contestant.
Mr. STRATTON announced that Mr. Nixon
had paired off with Mr. Webster, who had been
called from the city.
Mr. RUFFIN announced that Mr. Vance had
paired off with Mr. Verree. Mr. Vance would
have voted in favor of the right of the sitting
member to retain his seat.
Mr. 'WRIGHT stated that Mr. CIuari.es had
been called away very suddenly from the city,
and had paired off with Mr. Pettit. If Mr.
Q,uarles had been present he would have voted
in favor of Mr. Barret, and Mr. Pettit in favor
of Mr. Biair.
Mr. COX stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Hurcnms for this week.
Mr. BUFFINTON announced that Mr. Alley
had paired off with Mr. Miles for this week.
Mr. PHELPS stated that his colleague, Mr.
Anderson, had paired off with Mr. Conkling.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, announced
that Mr. Babbitt had paired off with Mr. Clem-
ens.
Mr. JUNKIN stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Boteler.
Mr. McPHERSONannounced that Mr. Camp-
bell had paired off with Mr. Craig, of Missouri.
Mr. FRANK stated tha; Mr. Clark. B. Coch-
rane had paired off on this vote with Mr. Bon-
ham.
Mr. BONHAM. I desire to state, as this mat-
ter seems to excite considerable interest, that al-
though Mr. Cochrane did not tell me that he was
going to vote for Mr. Blair, he said that lie wanted
to go home, and Frank Blair -would not like his
going away without a pair. I therefore assume
that he intended to vote for him. [Cries from
the Republican side of "No doubt of it!"]
Mr. PRYOR stated that Mr. Garnett had
paired off with Mr. Morse.
Mr. FENTON stated that Mr. Hall had paired
off with Mr. Hindman.
Mr. HINDMAN. I will state that, when I was
called home by sickness in my family, a month
and a half ago, Mr. Hall was kind enough to
pair with me upon this subjectespecialiy, as well
as upon political questions generally; and I un-
derstand matters of contested elections to be re-
garded as political by gentlemen upon the opposite
side. I am paired with Mr. Hall on those terms.
Mr. McPHERSON stated that Mr. Killinger
had paired off with Mr. Scott.
Mr. LARRABEE stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Olin.
Mr. FOUKE announced that Mr. McClkr-
nanp was paired with Mr. Somes. If present, he
would have voted in favor of Mr. Barret's retain-
ing his seat.
Mr. FRANK stated that Mr. Sedgwick had
paired off with Mr. Hawkins.
Mr. BARR. stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Woodruff, who had left town with a sick
child. Mr. Woodruff had told him that he
would vote for Blair.
The roll having now been called, all iurther
proceedings in Lhe call were dispensed with.
The question recurred on the adoption of the
first resolution reported by the Committee of Elec-
tions, which is as follows:
Resolved, That Hon. J, Richard Barret is not entitled to
a seat in the Thirty-Sixth Congress as a Representative of
tile liist congressional district of' Missouri.
M r. GARTRELL demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 94, nays 92; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Aldrich,William C.
Anderson, Ashley, Beale, Bingham, Ulair, Blake, Brayton,
Butfinton. Buriingame, Burnham, Butterfield, Carey, Car-
tel. Ca^e, Uolla.t.Covode, Curtis. H. Winter Davis, Dawes,
PehuK), Dm:]!,Dunn.Edgerton,Edwards,EJiot,Ely,tarns
worth.Kenton, Fcrrv, Foster, Frank, Fiencb, Goocb,Wa-
liani. tirmv, Guriev, Hale, Heimiek, Hiekman, Hoard,
William A. I toward", Humphrey, Irvine, Franris W. Uel-
iogg, William Keilogg, Kenyon, DeWitt 0. Leaeii, J'ee,
I.on^neekei, Loomis, Lovejoy, Marston, IVIcKean, Mc-
Knight, McPherson, Millward,Moorhead, Morrill, Edward
Joy Morris, Perry, Porter, Potter, Pottle, Reynolds, Bice,
Christopher Robinson, Royce, Schwartz, Scranton, Sher-
man. Spaulding, Spinner, Stevens.Wiiliam Stewart, Strat-
ton, Tappan, Thayer, Theaker, Tompkins, Train, Van-
dever, Van Wyek, Wade, Waidron, Walton, Cadwalader
C. Waslihurn, lillihu B. WasOburne, Israel Wasliburn,
Wells, Wilpon, Wlndorn, and Wood—94.
NAYS—Messrs. Adrain, Alien, Ashmore, Avery, Barks-
dale, Bocoek, Bouiigny, Boyce, Brabson, Branch, Briggs,
Bristow, Burch. Burnett, Horace F. dark, John B.Clark,
Ciopton, Cobb, Jolm Cochrane, Burton Craige, Crawford,
Curry, Davidson, John Q. Davis, De Jarnette, Dinmuck,
Edmundson, Floience, Fouke, GartrcH, Gilmer, Hamil-
ton, Hardeman, John T. Harris, Hatton, Hill, Hohrtan,
Houston, William Howard, Hughes, Jackson, Jenkins,
Jones, Keitt, Kunkel, Lamar, Landrum, James M. Leach,
Leake, Lo an, Love, Maclay, Mallory, Charles D. Martin,
Maynari}, McQueen, McRae, Millson, Montgomery, Syden-
ham Moore, Isaac N. Morris, Niblack, Noell, Pendleton,
Peyton, Phelps, Pryor, Pugh, Reagan, Rigas, James C.
Kobinson, K'/fiin, Kiir-t, Sickles, Simnis, Siiigieton, Wil-
iiiftn Smith, William N. H. Smith, Stallworth, Stevenson,
James A. Stewart, Stokes, Stout, Taylor, Thomas, Un-
deiwood, Vallandigham, Wliiteley, Winslow, Woodson,
and Wright—92.
So the resolution was agreed to.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri, stated that his col-
league, Mr. Anderson, had paired off on this vote
with Mr. Conkling. He wished that fact to ap-
pear on the record.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri, when his name was
called, said: I paired last week, for this week,
with Mr. Campbell. I understand from the col-
leagues of Mr. Campbell, that he is a member
of the Committee of Elections, and is in favor of
this resolution. I should have voted against it
if I had not been paired.
Mr. HINDMAN, when his name was called,
said: A while ago I announced that I had paired
with the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Hall] upon this question; but J forgot to say
how I would have voted if I had r.Dt been paired
off. I should certainly have voted against the
pending resolution, and in favor of retaining Mr.
Barret in his seat. Mr. Hall stated to me
distinctly that he should vote in favor of unseat-
ing Mr. Garret, and giving the seat to Mr. Blair.
'Mr. SCOTT stated that he was paired with Mr.
S Killinger. If he had not been paired, he would
certainly have voted " no" on this question.
Mr. BONHAM stated that he was paired with
Mr. Clark B. Cochrane on this question only.
Mr. ETHERIDGE said: I desire to state that
within the last ten minutes J have seen Mr. Coit-
win. I found him quile sick. He stated to me
that he wrote me the note with a full knowledge
that I would vote for Mr. Barret, and that he
would have voted against Mr. Barret.
The result of the vote having been announced,
as above recorded,
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to rcconsidcr upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The question then arose on the adoption of the
following resolution:
Resolved, That Hon. Francis P. Blair, jr., is entitled to
a seat in the Thirty-Sixth Congiess as a llepiesentativc
from the first congressional distiict of Missouri.
Mr. GARTRELL. I move to lay that reso-
lution on the table.
Mr. STEVENSON. I hope my friend from
Georgia will withdraw that motion, and let us
have a vote by yens and nays.
Mr. WINSLOW. I hope not. I call for the
yeas and nays oil the motion
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GAR.TRELL. I have no choice about
the matter. If it is desired by the House, X will
withdraw the motion.
Mr. WINSLOW. I object.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to inquire
whether, if this resolution is laid on the table, it
will have the effect of leaving the seat vacant?
The SPEAKER. That will bo the effect.
The question was taken; and it was decided ill
the negative—yeas 91, nays 93; as follows :
yeas—Messrs. Adrain, Allen,Ashmore, Avery, Barks-
dale, Bocoek, Bouligny, ISoyce, Brabson, Branch, Griggs,
Bristow, Burch, Burnett, Horace F. Clark, John B. Clark,
Clonton, Cobb, John Cochrane, Burton Craige, Crawford,
Curry, Davidson, John G. Davis, Iteuben Davis, De Jar-
nette, Dnnmick, Edmmidson, Florence, Fouke, Uurtreli,
Gilmer, Hamilton, Hardeman, Jolm T. Harris, Hatton,
Hohnan, Houston, William Howard, Hughes, Jackson,
Jenkins, Jones, Keitt, Kunkel, Lamar, I.andrum. Janies
M. Leach, Leake. Logan, Love, Maclay, Ma.lorj., charts
D. Martin, Mayhaid, McQueen, McRae, Millson, Mont-
gomery, Sydenham Moore, Isaac N. Morris, Niblack, Noel],
Pendleton, Peyton, Phelps, Pryor, Pugh,'Reagan,
James c. Robinson, llumn, r  
, Rust, Sickles, Siming, Sii„
ton,Wiiliam Smith, William N. H. Smith, Stalhvorih, Ste-
i. Ste-
and Wright—91.
NAYS~Messrs.-Charles P. Adams, AMrieh,. WiJtfam
C. Anderson, Ashley, Beale, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Bray-
ton, JJuffinton, iiurlingame, Bumham, Butterfield, Carey,
Carter, Case, OoJfax, Covodc, Curtis, H. Winter Davis,
Dawes, Delano. Duell, Dunn, Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot,
Ely, Farnsworth, Penton, Ferry, Foster, Frank, Fxeuch,
Gooch, Graham, Grow, Gurley, Hale, lle'lmick, Hicfcman,
Hoard, William A. Howard, Humphrey, Irvine, Prancte
W. Kellogg, William KeHogjr, Kenyon, DeWitt C.. Leach,
Lee, Longneeker, Loomis, Lovejoy, Marion, MeKean,
McKniglit, Mcl'herson, MUKvard, Moorhead, Morrill, Ed-
ward Joy Morns, Perry, porter, Potter, Pottle, Reynolds,
Kice, Christopher Bobinson, Royce, Schwartz, Scranton,
Sherman, Spaulding, Spinner, Stevens, William Stewart,
Stratton, Tappan, Tlieaker, Tompkins,-Train, "Vandever,
Van Wyck, Wade, Waidron, Walton, Cadwalader C.
Washbuin, Ellihu 13. Wasiiburnp, Israel Washburn,Wetfs,
Wilson, Windoajy and Wood—
So the House refused to lay the resolution on
the table.
During: the call of the roll,
Mr. BURNETT said: I suppose my colleague,
Mr. Adams, is paired off with some one on the
other side of the House, I do not know with
whom.
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. I will state
that Mr. Adams has gone to the city of Philadel-
phia. Whether he has paired or not, I do not
know.
Mr. BURNETT. X saw him in the House this
morning.
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky, He left by
the evening train.
Mr. HICKMAN. I am desired by Mr. Hiix
to state that he has paired with Mr. Thayer.
Mr. WINSLOW. They are both present.
Mr. HICKMAN. I cannot help that. I have
been requested to announce the pair.
Mr. STEVENSON calledforthe yeasandnays
upon the adoption of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. PRYOR moved that the House adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to; and the question
rccurrcd on the adoption of the resolution.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 93, nays 91*, as follows:
YEAS—Mecsrs. Charles F. Adams, Aldrich, William C.
Andeison, Ashley. Beale, Bingham, Blair, Blalcc, Biay-
ton, Btiflimon, BiirUnqanie, Burnham, Buttcifield, Carey,
Caitor, C.\5.e, (Joltax. Govode, Curtis, H. Winter Davis,
Dawes, Delano, Dueli, Dunn, Edgerton, Edwards, liliot,
Ely, Farnsworth, Fenton, Ferry, Foster, Frank, French,
Gooch, Graham, Gro'.v, Gurley, Hale, Vlelmiek, Hickman,
Hoaid, William A. Howard, Humphrey, Irvine, Francis
W. KeJJogg-, William Kellogg, Ken yon, DeWitt C. Leach,
Lee, LiOngiiecker, Loomis, Lovojoy, Marston, McIOan,
McKniglit, McPherson, Millward, Moorhead, Morrill, Ed-
waid Joy Morris, Perry, Porter, Potter, Pottle, Reynolds,
Rice, Christopher Robinson, Royce, Schwartz, Scranton,
Sherman, Spaulding, Spinner, Stevens, William Stewart,
Strauon, Tappan, Theaker, Tompkms, Train, Vandever,
Van Wyck, Wade, Waidron, Walton, Cadwalader C.
Washburn, Elliliu B. Washburne, IsraelV^ashbum, WelU,
Wilson, Windom, and Wood—93,
NAYS—Messrs. Adrain, Aiieii, Ashmore, Avery,Barks-
dale, Bocock, Bouiigny, Boyce, Brabson, Branch, Briggs,
Brhtow, Buich, Burnett, Horace F. Clark, John B. Clark,
Ciopton, Cobb, John Cochrane, Buiton Craige, Crawford,
Curry, Davidson, John G. Davis, Reuben Davis, De Jar-
nette, Dunmicfc, Edmundson, Florence, Fouke, GartreU,
Gilmer, Hamilton, Hardeman, John T. Harris, Hatton,
Hohnan, Houston, William Howard, Hughes, Jackson,
Jenkins, Jones, Keiu, Kunkel, Lamar, Landrum, James
M. Leach, Leake, Logan, Love, Maclay, Mallory, Charles
D. Martin, Maynard, McQ.ucen, McRae, Million, Mont-
gomery, Sydenham Moore, IsaacN. Motris,NiblacK,NoelL
Pendleton, Peyton, Phelps, Pryor, Pugh, Reagan, Riggs,
James C. Uobuison, KufHn, Rust, Sickles, Simms, Single-
ton, William Smith, William N". 11. Smith, Stallworth,
Stevenson, James A. Stewart, Stokes, Stout, Taylor,
Thomas, Underwood, Vallandigham, Whiteley, Winslow,
Woodson, and Wright—91.
So the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconfeider the vote by
which the resolution was agreed to; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BLAIR then came forward, was sworn to
support the Constitution of the United States, and
tooK his seat.
president's protest.
Mr. HICKMAN. I now call for the order of
the day.
Mr. SHERMAN. I propose to take a recess
until seven o'clock.
Several Members. Oh,no.
Mr, SHERMAN. I shall move to suspend the
rules, if there is objection.
