1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1'829
believe that Congress has the power to prohibit
slavery in the Territories; and whenever the occa-
sion offers, whenever the proper time arrives,
whenever the question arises, we are in favor of
exercising that power, ifnecessary, to prevent the
extension of slavery into free territory. We are
frank and open upon this subject. But we never
did propose, and do not now propose, to interfere
with slavery in the slave States.
I hope the gentleman will put these observa-
tions in his speech 
Mr. AVERY. Certainly, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN. So that the gentleman's
constituents may see that we " Black Republi-
cans" are not so very desirous of interfering with
their interests or rights, but only desirous of pre-
serving our own.
Mr.ASHMORE. Are you not in favor of
abolishing slavery in the District of Columbia?
Mr. SHERMAN. I haye stated to my con-
stituents, over and over again, that I am opposed
to interference with slavery in the District of Co-
lumbia. That is my individual position. The
Republican party never took a position on the
subject. Some are for it, and some against it. I
have declared to my constituents, over and over
again, that I did not think it proper to agitate the
question of the abolition of slavery in the District
of Columbia; because I believe that this is the
very paradise of the free negro. I believe that,
practically, though not legally, he is better off in
this District than in any portion of the United
States. There are but very few slaves here, and
the number is decreasing daily. As an institu-
tion, slavery scarcely exists here, and I am will-
ing to leave it to the effect of time.
Mr. AVERY. I expected that the gentleman
would make just the apology foi himself and his
party for voting for the resolution that he has
made: that it was only for rcfercnce, and that it was
only interdicting slavery (according to the last
clause of the resolution) wherever Congress has
the constitutional power to legislate on the sub-
ject. Sir, as I said in the outset, itis by the acts
—the recorded votes of the party—that 1 test them.
Now, if they did not contemplate legislation upon
the subject of slavery in States as well as in Ter-
ritories, why the sweeping clause in the resolu-
tion giving freedom to every human being? And,
sir, as to sheltering themselves behind thatpait
of the resolution interdicting slavery only where
Congress has the constitutional powerto legislate
upon the subject, what doesthat amount to? Who
are to be the judges of this constitutional power?
What safety have we, you being the judges?
Would not that party which, I have already es-
tablished, violates the most explicit mandates
of the Constitution very easily give such con-
struction to that instrument, as to the powers of
Congress, as would best suit their unholy pur-
poses?
Then, sir, with this solemn record made here
but just the other day—the very last official record
of your party upon the subject—it will not do to
say tliat you are not for disturbing the institution
of slavery in the States where it exists.
With these facts patent to the world, because
we of the weaker section do not passively, tamely,
silently submit without a murmur, we are charged
with agitating—branded as disunionists. Tiie
southern Opposition party, too, that, upon every
principle of self-defense, of devotion to a common
section, with interests and rights in common,
ought to be with us ill this struggle—they, too,
join in this cry of do not agitate, and ot disunion,
and elicit therefor the warm plaudits of the sworn
enemies of their scction, their institutions, and
their rights.
Says the gentleman:
(iAnothet ;!':"re-sion upon the free States is a threatened
attempt to duiolvcthe Umnn. As I mean to deal fairl> m
these lijatteus, I will not chaise this attempt upon the
but upon the >0 Called Democratic where it belong- ;
toi I thank Heaven wo have upon this floor, ltom Itie sunny
South, a- noble a band ofpatuot* as ever rallied undei tne
flag of flic Constitution. I retei to the southern Opposition.
Sir, the soul-miring appeals of the eloquent Nflsos am
his coadiutor- upon floor, in behalf ot our bolo\eri
Union, have ahoadv m<uwith a warm and conlial response
fiom miliums tu all of the country; and we ot the
Not th and the West and the middle State* will reecho them
back in tnunder tone?, and will stuke hands with these
southern biothicn m lighting the battles of the Constitution
and Union."
Sir, I am sorry to see such lavish laudations of
a party or political organization belonging to my
section and to my State, come from such an equiv-
ocal quarter. Why is this southern Opposition
party eulogised by Black Republicans as a noble
band of patriots, with whom they are ready to
strikchands? Whatmakesthem patriots,in Black
Republican eyes, more than Democrats?
Had this southern Opposition party been as busy
in denouncing these, the enemies to their section,
nullifiers of the Constitution, and traitors to the
Union, as they have been in denouncing the De-
mocracy, they would soon cease to be such patri-
ots in Black Republican estimation. I am proud
to say, that sometimes we have an honorable
exception to this suicidal war. The gentleman
from North Carolina, [Mr. Vance,] some days
since, in a very able speech, gave us one such evi-
dence.
Sir, it would seem that in a cause like this, in
a contest like the one in which we are engaged,
the Democratic party would be their natural allies.
I had hoped that this guerrilla war upon the only
party that stands arrayed against the black pow-
er of oppression would cease. That, at least
during this dark season of impediment, it would
have been a common cause. There are but two
contending political powers in this Government,
the Democratic and Republican. The notes of
preparation, coming up from those States in the
South where the southern Oppositionists have any
organization atall, denote an effort, as ill 1856, to
distract and divide the South.
The party in Louisiana, with their gallant Rep-
resentative on this floor in their lead, I am proud
to say, has pursued a more patriotic policy. They
have there resolved, in the coming contest, to be
the allies of the Democracy. I wish their glori-
ous example would be imitated in every southern
State. Prior to every presidential election for
the last few years, some element of division is
sought to be thrust upon the southern mind. This
element, too, always has its origin at the North.
It originates with those who are ever seeking to
strike down and destroy the Democratic organi-
zation. Sir, we are told not to agitate this ques-
tion—vital to the South, and shaking the pillars
of the Republic. Who, let me ask, are respons-
ible for this agitation ? Is it agitation to defend
ourselves against aggression? Is it agitation
boldly to vindicate our rights? Is it agitation to
lay bare to the country and to the world these base
acts of political infidelity? Are we to sit silently
and listen tamely to actual menaces of physical
as well as political subjugation? We would be
worse than slaves did wello if. Our fathers set
us no such cowardly example. In so doing, we
would be guilty of the basest abandonment of sa-
cred rights. We threaten nobody. We only
| say, if we cannot get our constitutional rights m
! the Union, it were better that we were out of it.
j We are met by the defiant declaration, " You
i shall not get out; we will, with our'eigliteen mil-
lion, beat you back, and bind you in !" Who
! a°itatrs here ? If it be agitation boldly to assert
our rights; fearlessly to hold up to an enlightened
and outraged constituency and to the world these
wanton evidences of a viola ted Constitution, them-
selves overt acts of disunion, then, sir, the fore-
most agitator wears the proudest title.
The gentleman says, and so say they all:
" It was your fathers, youi immortal Washington, your
Jefferson*;, and Madison*, and Heniys. and Masons, am
I'mknevs. in conjunction with oui father;-, who
down to us the verv doctrines now advocated bv t.ie IK.-
pubhean pain. Will you denounce us
we listen to the teachings of your own noble southern .in-
C'Cstiv? Aievve to bo maligned as- cncii)ie3to the Consti-
tution." becau>e wo follow, - with a caielul tie.ul, in the
vei y footsteps of the heroes and statesmen who ti aiucd it.
It is a libel upon their memories to say that
Washington, Jefferson, Madison, Henry, Mason,
Pinkney, and the host of holy fathers of the Rev-
olution "handed down to you the principles you
practice Would this Union ever have been formed
and this compact established if your doctrines
had been dominant in that convention? Would
that convention ever have agreed tot.us Constitu-
tion as it is, if your Sewards, your 11 ales, youi
Sumners, your Wades, your Gidumgses, Grows,
and Shermans had been there ? You say you and
the fathers of the Republic asjree. It so, lot us
put it to the test. Let me ask you—any one or
yon and I pause for a categorical answer:
If vou had been in the convention that adopted
the Constitution, would you have sanctioned that
clause of the Constitution allowing'the African
slave trade to remain open, for twenty years,
thereby giving constitutional sanction—the high-
est form of solemn sanction—to it for that time?
Would you have sanctioned that clause of the
Constitution allowing three fifths of our slave prop- *
crty, as property, to be represented on this floor,
thereby giving us twenty members representing
negroes? . '
Would you have sanctioned that part of the
Constitution which I have already debated, com-
manding you to deliver up our runaway negroes,
and saying no State law shall be passed to pre-
vent it?
JNrow, unless you can answer all these interrog-
atories in the affirmative, and then let your acts
prove the sincerity of your declaration, it is a
saciilegious libel upon the revered memories of
those great and good men to say you stand where
they stood.
The very distinguished gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Corwikt] himself puts forward this doctrine
of following in the footsteps of the fathers, in this
language:
i( They were Americans; they were Republicans. I do
not use the tern) in a party sense. They called themselves
Republicans. We call ourselves so now, and we do be-
lieve we are following in our principles this day right after
them j what T beg anybody to convince me of is, that I am
mistaken In that; when so convinced, if that be possible, I
shall surely acknowledge my mistake and abandon my
present conviction."
I cannot hope, Mr. Chairman, to convince the
gentleman that he is mistaken, for he very strongly-
intimated himself that such a thing was impossi-
ble; but I am satisfied that before any impartial
tribunal, before the great bar of public judgment,
before which this issue is to be Cried, I would get
a verdict; and, as T said in lhe outset, not upon
the declaration of the Republican party, nor of
their leaders,." part of whom he is winch," but
upon the acts of that party, do I put the case.
And when I have shown that in every single, soli-
tary State where this party, following, as you say,
in the footsteps of the fathers, has had the power,
they liave, by the solemn legislation of those States,
passed laws violative of the Constitution which
their fathers made; when X have shown, by the
recorded vote of an ovenvhelmingmajority of that
j party upon the floor of this House, that they are
in favor of the abolition of slavery in the States,
how is it possible for the gentleman to say that
he solemnly believes his party is this day follow-
ing in their principles right after them? Before
he can fasten this conviction upon the American
mind, let him blot from the legislative annals of
Republican States the foul statutes of treason which
now tarnish them. Let him bring back, by the
power of his logic and the magic of his eloquence,
northern sentiment to that proper standard of jus-
tice and constitutional right which our fathers es-
tablished ; then, and not till then, will it do to com-
pare your party with the Republican party of the
Revolution. Then, and not till then, will concord
and peace and union be restored to a distracted
and almost disrupted nation. I tell you now that
the whole judgment of the North with regard to
the rights of the South must be reversed.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Corwin] used
this language:
" I 'ay that Mr. Seward lias never utteied a sentiment,
find that one cannot i)'1 cited m all the extracts which have
been quoted iiom lus speeches or his argument?; that In
Helper's book noihing is to betound, so lai as 1 Know, more
offensive than utterances long since found in the writings
and .speeches of the elder men of the South."
If I mistake not, the gentleman in one of his
soecchcs, made prior to the election of Speaker,
said that he had Helper's book in his trunk, but
had never taken it out to read it, which may plead
somewhat in apology for this startling declara-
tion.
Let us see whether the elder men of the South
or of the North, or anywhere, ever gave utter-
ances to such sentiments as we find in this fa-
mous book:
"l«t. Thorough organization and independent political
act.on on the part of the non-s>lavehoJdi«g white.* of the
"2d. Ineligibility of pro-slavery slaveholders. Never an-
othe\ vote to any one who advocates the retention and per-
DCtuation ot human slavery. . „ ... .   ^
No co ineration with pro-slavery politicians no
fellowship with them in reJigton; bo affiliation with them
in society.
