388
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 6,
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Slavery Question—Mr. Morrill.
Ho. of Reps.
>1
ton, whose remunerative culturc was so suddenly
and greatly increased by the inventive genius of
Whitney, has made slave labor profitable, and
both political and moral ethics must give way to
the material interests thus stimulated. Con-
science is drowned by the popular voice of thrift.
In the early history of our country the exten-
sion of slavery was neither deemed right nor pol-
itic. It was both wrong and inexpedient. All
the territory then belonging to the Union, there-
fore, was made secure against slavery or invol-
untary servitude, cxcept for crime. At a later
period, when free labor had begun to develop its
strength, and when slave labor in its most pop-
ulous regions showed an accumulation of wealth,
the expediency or non-expediency of slavery ex-
tension was raised on the question of the admis-
sion of Missouri as a State. On the particular
question, slavery extension achieved a victory,
but it was at the same time stipulated that there-
after all States formed out of territory north of
36° 30' should be forever free. This was a com-
promise intended to be practically equal in its
proportions. Freedom was to go northward un~
trammeled, and was to have equality and an open
field to form States, with or without slavery,
southward.
The Louisiana purchase, and that of the Flor-
idas, while wholly unwarranted by any clause in
the Constitution, had greatly augmented the po-
litical power of the slaveholding States. Geo-
graphical and commercial arguments induced a
general acquiescence. Sectional domination was
not then apprehended. Such a thing us forcing
slavery upon an unwilling people, as has been
resolutely attempted in Kansas, no madmen sug-
gested, as no statesmen would have palliated.
Since the growth of our country, at the expense
of Mexico, the doctrine of non-intervention has
been upheld bythe Democratic party; and in 1854
the Missouri compromise was repealed. With a
license thus obtained in behalf of slavery, guided
by the executive Administration, protected by
way-side decisions squeezed from a court by party
pressure, and reinforced by the arms of regular
troops and of lawless men, non-intervention broke
down at the start, and its first fruits in Kansas
proved unsatisfactory. Curiously-worded theo-
ries, by whieh the thing to be done has been art-
fully concealed, are nowto be discarded. Nothing
will relieve the exigency of the great Democratic
party now, but an unequivocal declaration that
slavery is a blessing,ana must, therefore, be pro-
tected by every branch of the Government. The
Democracy that does not come up to this stand-
ard is to be cast off as worthless; and if the Dem-
ocratic party cannot conquer under this sign, then
the Union itself is to be cast off. A free charter
for slavery to travel into all the Territories, and
to be there protected, is the only condition upon
which the Democratic party will refrain from sui-
cide and treason. Across Ohio, Indiana, Illinois,
and Iowa, into the Territory of Nebraska, Vir-
ginia claims the right to take her slaves. And
not only into Nebraska, but into all other Terri-
tories, slavery is to go unchallenged. Thus, at
first, slavery was wrong, and all our territory
was to be free; then it continued wrong north of
36° 30', and south of that no questions were to
be asked, but slavery and freedom were to be
joint occupants. This was a sort of half-and-half
compromise. Now, slavery is claimed to be a
blessing, and all our Teriitories arc demanded to
furnish future and progressive homes for its in-
crease. Freedom was at first made secure in its
home, with a chance for the reclamation of some
part of the domains of slavery; now the position
is to be reversed. Slavery is secure at home, and
it is to have an open field for aggression in all the
national Territories. To this complexion it has
comc at last; and just here we do not propose to
follow Democratic leaders.
We are opposed to the dogma that the Consti-
tution of our country, of its own inherent force,
carries slavery into all the Territories. We deny
that the flag of our country is to be used where-
evcr it floats to plant and scatter an institution to
which more than two "thirds of ourpeople, it may
be, are irreconcilably hostile, and whose whole
moral instincts and entire economical interests
would be thereby disregarded. That would be
using our noble banner with the stars blotted out.
Slavery rs an anomaly. It may be a necessity
in the South, but to the civilized world it is a ne-
cessity that excites profound regret. Outside of
State limits, it is not a necessity; and there it is
to be controlled by the nation as a whole, not by
li the guilty bent of a local appetite." It has ever
been a local institution, and therein will be found
its true and only ramparts of defense. Its obscur-
ity, not prominence, should be its stoutest shield.
When it pushes itself beyond its own limits, then
it encounters new perils. It is then only that it
is thrust under the legal cognizance of outsiders.
No one of the statesmen of tlie better days of the
Republic ever dreamed of claiming protection for
slavery, except in the States where it legally ex-
isted, and for the few sporadic cases of fugitives
escaped from service. Within our own bound-
aries, no one thought of making conquests to en-
large its area, nor were foreign conquests enter-
tained for any similar purpose. It was left for a
party calling itself Democratic to set forth these
high pretensions in behalf of an institution not
even named in the Constitution.
It is a mistake to suppose the South could be
rid of all anti-slavery agitation, if the North were
to padlock its lips and repress all expression of
head or heart on the subject. Slavery, if the
North were to turn its eyes from it, must still re-
main visible to a larger audience, one more crit-
ical and less kindly, comprising the whole enlight-
ened nations of the earth, from whose jurisdiction
there can be no appeal and no escape. It is not
the weight of public sentiment nor of the public
press in the northern States winch alone bears
upon slavery, but all Christendom is pervaded by
thesamefanaticism, There is no vail thick enough
to hide the stain on the face of the Republic.
While the South, in view of its increased pecuni-
ary sanctions, may have become stronger in the
faith of the propriety of slavery, the world, ex-
clusive of our own limits, has been steadily march-
ing in the oposite direction, until even the des-
potisms of ages refuse longer to bear such a
reproach.
Secession and a Chinese wall along Mason and
Dixon's line would not shield the South from
philosophy, literature, political economy, law,
morals, and religion, hostile to their favorite in-
stitution of slavery, unless mdeed„they are ready
for that non-intercourse which can only be per-
fect in a state of barbarism, and of which China
and Japan are the most conspicuous but receding
examples. Among European nations, Spain alone,
undistinguished cxcept for its follies, lends coun-
tenance to slavery by its retention in Cuba; and
here it is more than probable that her poverty, and
not her will, consents.
This public opinion of the world cannot be im-
prisoned or shut out. It is as all-pervading as
'the atmosphere. But this opinion proposes no
political action. It has no power of coercion, and
little hope of persuasion. In harmony with this
anti-slavery sentiment, as the North confessedly
is, the position of absolute non-interference with
slavery in the States is as fixed there as it is in
any foreign State. They will not only not invade
sia\e States themselves, but they stand ready to
fulfill all their constitutional obligations/by re-
pelling invasion, from whatever quarter it may
come. But, ready to do this, they will not be in-
vaded.
Even if* the southern States were now narrowed
and belted together as a unit, under a flag recog-
nizing slavery as universal, and rampant for its
peacable or forcible extension, there would be
speedily found a lack, even there, of entire humo-
gcncousness. Equality having been established,
individual libei ty could not have been entirely
suppressed. The strong shades of difference ex-
isting in the thoughts and modes of action of the
human mind will have vent wherever even the
form of a republican governmentexists. The con-
tents and the progressives are implanted in all
communities. The minority might be despicable
in numbers, but it would inevitably spring forth
to confront the absolute and aggressive positions
of the majority. The difference of soil and cli-
mate, creating diverse systemsof husbandry; the
varied density of population, changing the valuo
of labor, would, m the space of one generation,
create at least all that discordance of interests in
the new combination which has arisen among the
old thirteen States. The wave of the slave pop-
ulation would set towards those points where it
could be most advantageously employed,leaving
bare the borders which security most requires
should be covered. Islands of the free would rise
even in such an ocean of slavery.
This view is sustained by Jefferson's remark-
able letter to John Taylor, elated January 1,179G,
wherein he observes:
" But if, on temporary superiority of the one party, the
other is to resort to a scission of the Union, no Federal Gov-
ernment can ever exist. If, to rid ourselves of the pies-
ent lule of Massachusetts and Connecticut, we break the
Union, will the evil stop theic? Suppose the New Eng-
land States atone cut oft. will our natures bu changed ? Are
we not men still to the south of that, and with all the pas-
Mons of men ? Immediately, we shall *-ee a Pennsylvania
and a Virginia party ause m the resuluaiy Confederacy,
and the public mind will be distracted by tlie same party
spirit. What a game, too, will the one patty have in their
hand*, by eternally tlneatening the othoi, that, unless they
do so and so, they will join their northern neighbor?. If
we reduce our Union to Virginia and North Caiohna, im-
mediately the conflict will bc^tabhshed between the Rep-
resentatives of these two States, and they will end by
breaking into their simple units."
In a succeeding portion of the same letter, he
says: ♦
" Seeing that we must have somebody to quarrel with,T
had lather keep our New England associates for that pur-
pose, than to see our bickeinigs transferred to othein."
Other causes of dissension, likely to be aggra-
vated, and not as now restrained by a unity of his-
tory, interest, and destiny, might be grouped, such
as commercial revolutions, revulsions, and rival-
ries; the dethronement of cotton by the hitherto
pretenders in India and Africa; the large standing
armies that mustanse tube supported by a smaller
Power, with exposed frontiers, and which could
not afford to stand disarmed and unprepared for
emergencies; questions of free trade or of protec-
tion to the first blossoms of manufactures; the
collisions of foreign intercourse or of borderfeuds.
But the subjects of strife are not only endless, but
obvious.
If, with only three hundred thousand slaves in
our country, and with only few and mild statutes
made to hold them in subjection, men in their
midst were found then depicting the institution as
abhorrent to all the laws of nature, is it improb-
able iiow> when there are probably four million
one hundred thousand slaves, and when the stave
codes have multiplied rigors to compel absolute
submission, that other men would be found upon
the same ground, drawing the same pictures and
uttering the same sentiments, only with an added
tint and accumulated emphasis ?
It is quite clear that secession, if practicable on
the part of the southern States, would not prove
an escape from what they esteem as heterodox
opinions upon the subject of slavery; nor would
it be an avoidance, or even a postponement, of
grievances now supposed to exist. This agita-
tion comes from the inherent energy and ardent
love of liberty which cannot be wholly eradicated
from any portion of the Anglo-Saxon race. It
may be a fault of their blood; but, if so, it is not
desirable that it should be entirely cured. When
a people reach that Utopian dream of the South,
where all agitation is banished, and where all crit-
icism is silenced, they will, indeed, have reached
that perfect equality, that stolid acquiescence,
where property in slaves will everywheie be re-
cognized; for there all will be slaves.
The only mode by which agnation can be qui-
eted is for all parties to abandon slavery exten-
sion. I say all parties, not meaning to include the
Republican, already arrayed, because all frag-
ments of the late Democratic party treat any pro-
ject of extension with hospitality. Some aim at
it directly, and declare for a slave code. Others,
more adroit, would defer all explicit avowal of
their princplcs until after election, and, while
claiming the right, are willing to trust to the future
for its enforcement. The squatter-sovereignty
party have no scruples about the extension, but
it is inconvenient to be caught voting for ltdiiectly.
They only vote for somebody who they kbow
will vote for it.
But in spite of the battles of the little giants
among the Democratic party, there is one leading
measure of slavery extension—the acquisition of
Cuba and Mexico—wherein nearly all its mem-
bers are harmonious and equally clamorous. Al-
though the northern allies conceal the nest of
