810
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
Mr. FLORENCE. Under the resolution which
has been adopted, resolutions which provoke
debate must go over.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object to
any debatfe.
Mr. FLORENCE. I intend to debate the res-
olutions. I doubt the propriety of their reference.
As the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Houston]
has very properly said, they were considered and
reported upon in the last Congress.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
Mr. FLORENCE. Then they must go over,
for they cannot be referred under this resolution.
I' raise a point of order. I submit that these res-
olutions, if they provoke debate, or if any gen-
tleman proposes to debate them, must go over
and cannot be referred. That is the spirit of the
resolution under which we are acting. Now, I
propose to debate these resolutions, and if that
proposition is received by the Chair, as I trust it
will be, these resolutions cannot have the reference
' proposed by the gentleman from Ohio. I have no
objection to their being referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that no
debate is in order. The resolution under which
we are acting provides that bills and resolutions
shall be referred without debate, and, therefore,
there can be no debate. *
Mr. FLORENCE. That is precisely what I
stated to the Chair; but if we propose to debate
the resolutions, they must go over.
The SPEAKER'. No debate is in order.
The House divided on Mr. Bocock's, motion;
and the tellers reported—ayes forty-nine, noes not
counted.
So the motion was disagreed to.
The resolutions were then referred to the Com-
mittee on the Expenditures of the Navy Depart-
ment.
LIEUTENANT NEEEA>K5R.
Mr. COX introduced a bill for the relief of
Lieutenant Jonathan F. Nereamer; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions.
FEDERAL COUP.T IN KENTUCKY.
""Mr. STEVENSON submitted the following
resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Revived, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of holding an an-
nual session of the Federal couit mtlie cities of Covin«ton
and Paducah, in the Commonwealth of Kentucky.
HENRY MILLER.
_ Mr. BURNETT introduced a bill granting an
invalid pension to Henry Miller; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions.
APPOINTEES ABOUT THE HOUSE.
Mr. BURNETT submitted the following reso-
lution; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the IInu c of Reprei-eiitutive;.,
the I ostmaster, and Doorkeeper, report to (his notice the
number ot employes appointed by them in their respective
oihees, their names and salaries, with reference to the au-
thority tor said appointments; and that thev s-pcciiY the
duties of each emploj-6.
KENTUCKY JUDICIAL DISTRICTS.
Air. BURNETT offered the following resolu-
tion; which was considered, and, by unanimous
consent, agreed to:
Resolred, That the Committee on tile Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire mto the expediency of dividing the State
of Kentucky into two judicial rh.-trjew. j
PADCCAII AN INSPECTION7 DISTRICT. j
Mr. BURNETT also introduced a bill to amend !
the act of August 30, 18o2, entitled "An act to !
amend an act entitled 'An act for the betteH. se- !
curity ot the lives of passengers on board vessels (
propelled m whole or in part by steam, and for !
other purposes,'" so as to make Paducah, in the i
State of Kentucky, an inspection district; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to !
the Committee on Commerce. I
DISTRICT OJ1 COLUMBIA HOSPITAL.
Mr. BURNETT also introduced a bill estab-
hshmg a geitoral hospital for the District of Co-
lumbia; which was read a first and second time
and referred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia.
JAMES HENDERSON.
Mr. THOMAS introduced a bill for the relief
of James Henderson, of Tennessee; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee of Claims.
LYDIA FLETCHER.
Mr. THOMAS also introduced a bill for the
relief of Lydia Fletcher; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
of Claims.
POST OFFICE, ETC., AT JACKSON, TENNESSEE.
Mr. AVERY introduced a bill to provide for
the erection ofa post office pension office and court-
house at the city of Jackson, Tennessee; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
MEMPHIS MARINE HOSPITAL.
Mr. AVERY also introduced a bill to provide
for the construction of a marine hospital at-Mem-
phis, Tennessee; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
MEMPHIS LOCAL INSPECTORS.
Mr. AVERY also introduced a bill to establish
a board of local inspectors for the district of Mem-
phis, Tennessee; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
MEMPHIS PUBLIC BUILDINGS.
Mr. AVERY also introduced a bill to aid in
the construction of the public buildings in Mem-
phis, Tennessee; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
R. K. DOEHLER.
Mr. AVEP^Y also introduced a bill for the re-
lief of R. Tf. Doehler; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
WILLIAM LYON.
Mr. MAYNARD introduced a bill for the
relief of William Lyon, late pension agent at
ICnoxvilie, Tennessee; which was read "a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
of Claims. '■
SHADE CALLOWAY. |
Mr. MAYNARD also introduced a bill for the
relief of Shade Calloway; which was read a first '
and second time, and referred to the Committee '
of Claims. j
JAMES LACY. ]
Mr. MAYNARD also introduced a bill grant- ;
ing a pension to James Lacy^ which was read a j
first and second time, and referred to the Commit- '
tee of Claims. ;
;
tennessee river improvement. ' lj
Mr. MAYNARD also introduced a bill to j
liquidate the unadjusted contracts for (he Tonnes- '
see river improvement; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee of
Claims.
disbursement 01? the contingext fcnd.
Mr. MAYNARD also submitted the following
resolution; which, by unanimous consent, was
considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Accounts be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of additional legislation fur
securing gieater accountability and economy in the dia
bursementof the contmgont fund of the Ho'u^e, and that
they have leave to report at any time, by biii o, otherwise.
rendition op fugitives from justice.
Mr. MAYNARD submitted the following res- :
oiution: °
I move to refer the resolution to thn Committee
on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
COMMERCE WITH CUBA.
Mr. MAYNARD submitted the following res-
olution: ;
Whereas, the geographical apposition of the Island of Cuba
to the United State* and their community of commercial
interests, renders eminently desirable a free and unre-
strained personal and commercial intercourse between
them: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Affairs be, and
they are hereby, directed to inquire into the expediency and
practicability ofa convention between the Government of
the United States and the Court of Madrid, with a view of
facilitating the commerce between the United States and
the Island of Cuba by reciprocal importation and exporta-
tion of the agricultural products and manufactures of the
two countries fiee of either import or export duties, and
•the unrestricted mterpassage from one countn to the other
of all persons whomsoever; and whether any action of
Congress in the premises ib necessary or propei; with lea\ u
to report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think that
properly goes to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. MAYNARD. The resolution itself in
terms gives it to-the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs; and I think that is the proper committee to
take cognizance of the subject.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of, Illinois. The rule
distinctly requires that all subjects'"of that descrip-
tion shall go to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Unless the terms of the
resolution are changed, it must necessarily go to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. MAYNARD. And that is manifestly the
proper committee to refer u to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, I ask the
Clerk to read the 83d rule. . *
The Clerk read the 83d rule, as follows:
'• It shall be the duty of the Committee on Commerce to
take into consideration all such petitions and matters or
things touching the commerce of the United States as shall
be presented, or shall or may come into question, and be
referied to them by the Hou.&e; and to report, from time to
time, their opinion thereon.1'
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That makes
it the duty of the Committee on Commerce ex-
pressly to take charge of the subject referred to
in this resolution.
t Mr. MAYNARD. I do not -see what perti-
I nency that rule has to the resolution.
, The SPEAKER. If there be no motion sub-
1 nutted, the resolution will be referred to the Com-
| mittce on Foreign Affairs.
[ The resolution was accordingly referred to the
: Committee on Foreign Affairs.
compensation of members.
Mr. STOKES introduced a bill to repeal #nact
of Congress, approved August 1C, 1850, entitled
'•An act to regulate the compensation of members
of Congress;" which was read a first and .second
time by, its title, and referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
PAPER CIRCULATION OF UNIFORM VALUE.
Mr. ETHERIDOfE introduced a hi]] to estab-
lish and regulate a paper circulation of uniform
value throughout the United States, and for other
purposes; which v- as read a first and second time
by its title, and referred to the Committee on Ruvl
olutionary Claims.
PENSIONS TO SOLDIERS OP WAR OP 1813, ETC.
Mr. NELSON introduced a hill granting pen-
sions to officers, soldiers, and marines d in
tne military and naval service of the United States
prior to the 1st day of July, I8i«, and to their
Widows: which was read a first and second Time
"y ,1's'"'e, and leferred to the Committee on In-
valid Pensions.
Resolved, That tlie Committee on the Judiciary be, and
they are hereby, directed to inquire whether any, and if
so, what, further legislation by Congress w necosaiy to
secure the prompt, faithful, and efficient execution of the
KIT" u, lS| ",°n tW°' "rtiele °f the Constitution
ot the Lnited States, in respect to the rendition of itmuves
from justice ; with leave to report by but or otherwise.
Mr. MAYNARD. To prevent misapprehen-
sion m regard to that resolution, 1 will state that
it is m substance a resolution which I had pre-
pared at the last session of Congress, but which
1 did not obtain an opportunity to intioduce. The
gentleman Irom Iowa [Mr. Curtis] will recollect
the circumstances under which it was prepared.
; bkaxcii military academy.
i j . • QXARLES introduced a bill for the e.stab-
j: liehmeiitof a branch military academy at the Her-
l mitagc; which was read a first and second time l>v
j its title, and referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
post 110ads in tennessee.
Mr. Q.UARLES also introduced a bill to de
, elare the railroad bridges across the Cumberl-md
j j river, at Nashville, Tennessee, and at Clarksville
[j -lemiessee,and the railroad bridge across the Ten'
: "tssci! nver, near the month of Cane crick m
jj Stewart county, Tennessee, post roads; which
J was read a first and second time by 11 , title, and
