1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
811
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
CLARKSVILLE A PORT OF DELIVERY.
Mr. QUARLES also introduced a bill to con-
stitute Clarksville, in the State of Tennessee, a
port of delivery; which was read a first and sec-
ond time by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
TOBACCO TRADE OF TIIE UNITED STATES.
Mr. Q.UARLES also introduced a joint reso-
lution in regard to the tobacco trade of the United
States with foreign nations; which was read a
first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
APPROPRIATION BILLS.
Mr. QJJARLES also introduced the following
resolution; which was read, considered, and re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means bo
instructed, in the several *billt  reported by them proposing
appiopn.iuons oi public money*, to append a summaty or
memorandum, showing what amount is designed tor the
service of the next fiscal year, ami what tor deficiencies or
liabilities incurred prioi to the commencement of that year;
so as to exhibit the aggirgato amount of those two classes
of appropuations in each bill so reported.
WILLIAM JIAZZARD WIGG.
Mr. GIUARLES also introduced a joint reso-
lution relative to the account of William Hazzard
Wigg; which was read a first and second time by
its titie, and referred to the Committee of Claims.
SEVENTH CENSUS.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, introduced the fol-
lowing resolution; which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of so amending the
act ot Congress entitled u An net providing for taking the
seventh and subsequent censuses of the United Slates, and
to tix the numbei ot members ol the House ot Reptcsenta-
tivos, and provide for then lutme apportionment among the
several States," appioved Maj 2:1, 1S50, that the power-
and duties therein confenod upon and leqiured of the Uni-
ted States marshals ot the several district*, be contcned
upon and reqmied of the judges of the di^tuct couiU of
the United States within their respective di&tiiets.
POST ROADS.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, also introduced the
following resolution; which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing the following post loads to wit:
Fiont Newpoit, in the State of Indiana, via Quakei Point,
to Bonw^ll, in the State of Illinois.
" Fiom Hobbieviile, m Gieene county, via Bloomfield and
Linton, to Sullivan, Sullivan county, Indiana.
Fiom Georgetown, m the State ot Illinois, via Indianoln,
Palermo. (Hickory Grove,) Dill's Grove, Camargo, and Tus-
cola, in the State ot Illinois.
WILLIAM SUTTON.
Mr. KILGORE introduced a bill for the relief
of William Sutton; which was read a first and
second time by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions.
COURT OF CLAIMS.
Mr. NIBLACK introduced a bill to amend "An
act to establish a court for the investigation of
claims against the United States, "approve'd Feb-
ruary 21, 1^55; which was read a first and sec-
ond "time by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
SECURITY OF PASSENGERS.
Mr. NIBLACK also introduced the following
resolution; which was read, ami refcued to the
Committee on Commerce:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be in-
structed to inqttue into the expediency of so amending the
act appioved August 30, 1852, entitled "An act to provide
for the better security ot the lives of passengers on boaid
of vessels propelled in whole or in part by steam, and for
other purposes.'-' a> to provide for the appointment of local
inspector at the poit of Evansville, in the State of Indi-
ana, and to leport by bill or otherwise.
ELECTION OF UNITED STATES SENATORS.
Mr. NIBLACK also introduced the following
resolution; which was read, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary:
Rewired, That the Committee on the Judiciary be m-
staieud to inquue into the expediency of providing, by a
umtoim law. lor the time and manner of electing United
Slates tk-natois by the Lcgialatuies ot the several States,
and to repoit by bill or otherwise.
AGRICULTURAL BUREAU.
Mr. NIBLACK also introduced the following
resolution; which was read, and referred to the
Committee on Agriculture:
Resolved., That the Committee on Agriculture be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of organizing and
establishing an agricultural bureau jn the Department of
the Intcrioi, and to report by bill or otherwise.
DELEGATE FOR WASHINGTON CITY.
Mr. NIBLACK also introduced the following
resolution; which was read, and referred to the
Committee for the District of Columbia:
Resolved, That the Committee for the District of Colum-
bia be instructed to inquire into the expediency of pro-
viding for the election of a Delegate, to represent said Dis-
trict in the Congress of the United States, with powers and
duties similar to those of a Delegate from one of the organ-
ized Territories, and to report by bill, or otherwise.
BENJAMIN SAYRE. #
Mr. PETTIT introduced a bill for the relief
of Benjamin Sayrc; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee of
Claims.
JOHN RANDOLPH CLAY.
Mr. PETTIT also introduced a joint resolu-
tion authorizing the proper accounting officers of
the Treasury to revise and adjust the accounts
of John Randolph Clay, United States Minister
to Peru; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
PIIINEAS G. PEARSON.
Mr. PETTIT also introduced a bill for the re-
lief of Phineas G. Pearson; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions.
JOHN PUJtCELL.
Mr. PETTIT also introduced a bill granting an
invalid pension to John Purcell; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions.
UNITED STATES FORCES AS A TOSSE COMITATUS.
Mr. PETTIT also introduced the following res-
olution; which was read, and referred to the Com-
mittee on tlic Judiciary:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire as to the legal authority to employ the
armed forces of the United States as a posse comitates, and
that they have leave to report by bill oi otherwise.
CONFIRMATION OF CERTAIN LAND ENTRIES.
Mr. PORTER introduced a bill to confirm cer-
tain entries of land therein named; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands'.
PROTECTION TO CITIZENS IN STATES.
Mr. PORTER introduced the following resolu-
tion; which was read, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary:
Resolved, That the Judiciary Committee be instructed to
inquire and repoitto this House what additional legislation,
if any, is necessary to give pioteetion to citizens engaged
in the puisuit of their private and lawful business whiNt
traveling or sojourning m other States than those in which
they leside.
LAND FUND TO ILLLXOIS.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois, introduced a bill
authorizing the payment of the two per centum
land fund, to which the State of Illinois is entitled
for railroad purposes, to said State; which was
read a first and sucond time, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
AMENDMENT OF NATURALIZATION LAWS.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois, also introduced a bill
to amend the naturalization laws of the United
States; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
ELECTION OF OFFICERS OF TERRITORIES.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois, also introduced a
bill granting to the, people of the several organized
Territories of the United States the right to pro-
vide, through their respective Legislatures, for
the appointment or election of their Governors,
judges, and all .other territorial officers, in such
mode or manner as such Legislatures ma v de-
termirm: with was icad a first and second time,
and reWrred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
ELECTION OF POSTMASTERS.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois, also introduced a
bill to provide for the election of deputy post-
masters by the people; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
CHARLES N. PINE.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois, introduced the fol-
lowing resolution; which was read, and referred
to the Committee on Territories;
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be, and
heieby is, respectfully requested to transmit to this House,
at the earliest possible period consistent with his other of-
ficial duties, a statement showing the several amounts paid
to Charles N. Pine, late United States maishal for the
northern judicial district of the State of Illinois, specifying
the amount of each payment, and what the same was for;
whethemhe jurors of said district eouit have at all times
when discharged, been paid off in money or certificates of
service; and if not in money, the reason for not so paying
them; and what is the present state of the accounts of the
said Pine, showing particularly in this connection, whether
he was at any time, or is now, in arrears to the Govern-
ment, or a defaulter thereto, and if so, in what amount,
and when said defalcation first occurred; and whether the
amount theieof has been paid to the Government by the
securities of the said Pine, and if not, the reason therefor,
and whether they have been sued for the same. That the
fcaid SeciKtary of the Interior be also requested to commu-
nicate to this House, the several sums of money paid to the
United States district attorney for the northern district of
the State of Illinois, since the date of his appointment for
his services, or alleged services, as such attorney, speci-
fying particularly the amount of each item of payment, and
what the same was for.
REMOVAL OF ILLINOIS POSTMASTERS.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois, also offered the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That the Postmaster General be, and hereby
is, respectfully requested to communicate to this House
copies of all papers and letteis now on file in his Depart-
ment, pertaining to theiemova! of Austin Brooks, late post-
master at Ciuincy, Illinois, and the appointment of William
H. Carlin to said office; also copies of all letters and papers
on file in his office, having reference to the removal ot John
J. Smith, late postmaster at Mount Sterling, Illinois, and
the appointment of the present incumbent to said office ;
also copies of all letters and papers on file hi lib office per-
taining to the removal of Jacob Pardons, late postmaster at "
Guggsvillc, Illinois, and the appointment of Robert Allen
to said office; also copies of all letters and papers on file
pertaining to the removal of John Johnson, late postmaster
at Coaching, Illinois and Robert Mooie,late postmaster at
La Prairie oi Pitnani, Illinois, together with thercasonsfor
each ot said removals, and copies of all letters and papers
mi file recommending any person or persons as mail agent
on the Quincy and Toledo railroad, in place of Joseph II.
Sherrard; also copies of all papers and letters on file mhis
office recommending D. Martin for the appointmentaspost-
master at Blandmsville, Illinois; also copies ot all letters
and papers on file in his office recommending the removal
of Willium Price m Februaiy, 18.j8, and the appointment
of Isaac Cook for postmaster at Chicago, Illinois, as his suc-
cessor, and asking for said Cook's removal fiom said office,
together with copies of all letters, papers, evidence, reports
of special or secret agents, and all other matters or things
pertaining to, or going to show the manner in which, said
Cook has conducted said office, together with copies of such
evidence a* may be on file in the Post Odice Department,
if there is any such, showing whether or not said Cook was
a public defaulter to the Government of the United States
at the tune ot his appointment, and it so, the date and
amount of said defalcation, and whether he has since
proved a public defaulter, and if .so, the date and amount of
said defalcation, and whether he has changed or altered
postage stamps on foreign letters, or chaiged impropei post-
age on them, and if so, to what amount, or been sruilty of
any other misfeasance in office, and jf so, what,"and the
evidence of the same obtained upon or by special investi-
gation or otherwise. *
Mr. PHELPS. Unless the resolution goes to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
I shall object.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I reckon the gen-
tleman cannot take the floor from me.
Mr. PHELPS. Debate is not in order.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order. The
question is on the reference of the resolution.
Mr. REAGAN. 1 desire to ask a question of
the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. PIIELPS. Debate is not in order.
Mr. REAGAN. I do not want to debate.
Mr. PHELPS. The motion is to refer the res-
olution to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I want to say a
word  
Mr. RUST. I object, as debate is not in order.
Mr. MORRIS, o't Illinois. P merely want to
say that I am willing the resolution should go to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Gentlemen seem to think that we have no busi-
ness to call for information with regard to the con-
duct of public functionaries; but that is a busi-
ness which I intend to riursuc.
Mr. PHELPS. I object to debate.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
is out of order.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Let gentlemen call
