1880.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2775
Mr. HICKMAN. Is this debate in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman objects, of
course I cannot proceed.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I move to lay the
whole subject upon the table; and upon that mo-
tion I call the yeas and nays.
Mr. SICKLES. 1 call for tellers upon the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were refused.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question was then put upon ordering the
main question; and it was decided in the affirma-
tive—yeas 81, nays 62; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. CUarlcs F. Adams, Adrain, Aldrich,
Ashley. Bingham, Blair, Bjake, Brayton, Buffinton, Bur-
lingame, Bui nliam, Butterfield, Colfax, Covode, II. Winter
Davis, JohnG. Davis, Dawes, Delano, Duel!, Dunn, Ed-
gerton, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Fenton, Foster, Frank, Gil-
mer, Gooch, Grow, Gurley, Hale, J. Morrison Harris, Hat-
ton, Ilelmick, Ilickman, William A. Howard, Humphrey,
Irvine, Francis W. Kellogg, Kilgore, DeWitt C. Leach,
James M. Leach, Lee, Longnecker, Lovejoy, Marston,
Charles D. Martin, McKean, McKnight, MePherson, Moor-
head, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris, Nelson, Perry, Pettit,
Porter, Potter, Pottle, ltice, Christopher Robinson, Royce,
Schwartz, Sherman, Spinner, William Stewart, Stokes,
Stratton, Tappan, Theaker, Tompkins, Vandever, Wade,
Waldron.Cadwalader C.Washburn, EJIihuB. Washburne,
Wells, Wilson, Wmdom, and Wood—81.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Avery, Barksdale, Barr, Beale,
Bocock, Bouligny, Brabson, Branch, Bristow, Burch,
Horace F. Clark, John B. Clark, Clopton, Cobb, John
Cochrane, Burton Craige, Crawford, Curry, De Jarnette,
Edmundson, English, Ferry, Florence, Fouke, Gartrell,
Hardeman, John T. karris, Holman, Houston, Wiiliam
Howard, Hughes, Jones, Wiliiam Kejlogg, Kunkel, Leake,
Logan, Loomi?_, Maynard, Miilson, Isaac N. Morris, Nib-
lack, Noell, Pendleton, Phelps, Pugh, Reagan, Ruffin,
Scott, Sickles, Singleton, William Smith, Wiliiam N. H.
Smith, Stalhvorth, James A. Stewart, Stout, Thomas,
Vallandigham, Israel Washburn, Whiteley, Winslow, and
Wright—62.
So the main question was ordered.
During the vote,
Mr. CARTER stated that he was paired off
with Mr. Landrhm.
Mr. COLFAX stated that Mr. Case was in-
disposed, and had paired off with Mr. Davidson.
Mr. COX stated that his pair with Mr. Hutch-
ins extended to ail these questions.
Mr. PARNS WORTH stated that he was paired
off with Mr. Simms.
Mr. COLFAX stated that he was paired off
with Mr. Keitt.
Mr. EDWARDS stated that Mr. Hoard was
paired off.
Mr. FLORENCE stated that Mr. Maclay was
paired off with Mr. Train.
Mr. PETTIT said: I am paired off upon
political questions with Mr. Q,uarles. I am
reliably assured that he would have voted affirm-
atively dp on this proposition; and upon confer-
ence with his colleagues, they concluded that I
was at liberty to vote; and I therefore vote in the
affirmative.
Mr. HALL stated that Mr. Stevenson was
paired off with Mr. Millward.
Mr. TAYLOR said: I wish, before voting, to call
the attention of my colleague upon the Judiciary
Committee [Mr. Hickman] to a matter personal
to myself. 1 understand that, in a colloquy be-
tween one of my colleagues upon the Judiciary
Committee [Mr. Houston] and the chairman of
that committee, there was a difference of opinion
as to what was the understanding in the commit-
tre as to what might be done by the minority. I
understand that the chairman of the committee
declared that there was no understanding, so far
as he believes, which would authorize the mi-
nority of the committee to present a resolution as
a substitute for the resolution presented by the
majority of the committee, in any manner, to tae
House. 1 wish to state that it was my under-
standing that the minority of that committee were
" to have the right reserved to them oi presenting
their views m the shape of a resolution as well as
in the shape of a report. ,
Mr. WASHBUIINE, of Illinois. What is the
matter before the House.:'
Mr. TAYLOR. Only one remark further. I
do not mean to say anything of what was the
understanding of one or another, but that such
was my understanding.
I Dili V wish now to ask my colleague, the chair-
maii of'the committee, if ho is unwilling that such
a resolution should be presented by us, and that
a vote should be taken on it?
Mr. HICKMAN. In response to the gentle-
man from Louisiana, my colleague upon the com-
mittee, I repeat that I have not the'slightest recol-
lection of any understanding of that kind, or of
any agreement of the kind, to which reference has
been made, about a resolution. I have a very dis-
tinct recollection of this kind: that, when it was
understood that the report of the majority of the
committee would not be read before the com-
mittee until immediately preceding the time at
which it would be made to the House, an under-
standing was had that the minority should be au-
thorized and be allowed to make a minority re-
port. And I took it for granted—and I still take
it for granted—that if they intended to propose
any resolution, it would and should accompany
the report, and be put in print with the report.
But there was no understanding of the kind to
which the gentleman from Alabama and the gen-
tleman from Louisiana make reference, so far as
my recollection extends.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is this de-
bate in order ?
Mr.TAYLOR. I appeal to the gentleman from
Illinois not to object, as this is a matter personal
to myself. I only wish to say that probably
other members of the committee may have a dis-
tinct recollection of a different character.
Mr. BINGHAM. Then they would all have
to be called up; and I object.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order, if it
is objected to.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object.
Mr. TAYLOR. I only wish to state, further, a
determination of mine, if you will allow me to do
so. I state to the House that if the courtesy is
not extended to the minority of that committee
of allowing them to present a resolution expres-
sive of their views, as a substitute or amendment
to that presented by the majority of the commit-
tee, so as to have a vote upon it, I shall be com-
pelled to withdraw from the committee for the
future. I decline to vote on the question before
the House.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I
fle-ire
Mr. BINGHAM. I object.
Mr.KELLOGG, of Illinois. Havel the floor?
The SPEAKER. Not to debate, if it is ob-
jected to.
Mr.KELLOGG, of Illinois. I propose to make
a statement. I intend to change my vote; and if
the House will hear me a moment, I will give my
reasons.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I do not think
justice has been done, and I would like to explain.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Very well. I
change my vote. I vote "110."
Mr. M A YN ARD. If the main question is voted
down, would it be in order for the'minority of the
committee to offer a resolution by way of amend-
ment?
The SPEAKER. It would not be.
Mr. MAYNARD. I am in favor of the reso-
lution; but I think it proper that the minority
should have an opportunity to oiler an amend-
ment, and therefore I change my vote, and vote
"no." _ .
Mr. SMITH, of North Carolina. For the
same reasons given by the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, 1 vote "no." .
Mr. HINDMAN stated that he was paired oil
with Mr. Hall.
Mr. BRABSON. I change my vote, and vote
"110;" and 1 would be glad to give my reasons
for it. .
The SPEAKER. Objection is made.
The result of the vote was then announced as
above recorded. .
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to a question of pnv-
ileo-e. Mr. Speaker, I desire to ask the House
to excuse me from further service upon the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. 1 do so from a settled
conviction that it is proper that I should do so.
Mr. GROW. I rise to a point of order.
[Cries of " No!" " No!'"] _
The SPEAKER. If objection is made, the
motion is not in order at this time. Hie mam
question has already been ordered upon tile sub-
ject before the House.
Mr. BRANCH. I now rise to a demand
which, I suppose, the majority cannot deprive me
of. I demand a division of this resolution into
clauses; and that we shall have a separate vote
upon each clause.
Mr. HICKMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the main question was ordered; arid
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider opion
the table. ' '
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BRANCH. Now I claim my right to
have a division of the question. The first clause is;
Resolved, That the House dissents from the doctrine
of the special message of the President of tlie United
States of March 28, 1860.
I desire a vote on that clause separately.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would inquire if he holds
that the resolution is divisible ? I insist that it is
not divisible.
Mr. BRANCH. Will the Chair decide that
question ?
Mr. RARKSDALE. If my friend from North
Carolina votes against that part of the resolution,
will he not vote against the whole? A vote in
the negative is a vote against every clause of that
resolution, and against every word in the resolu-
tion. Hence 1 cannot see the necessity of calling
for a division of the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the reso-
lution is divisible.
Mr. MILLSON. I rise to a question of order.
The demand for a division ought to have been
made before the previous question was ordered.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The amendment
of the rules has changed that matter.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would inform the
gentleman from Virginia, that under the new rules
a division of the question can be called after the
main question is ordered.
Mr. BRANCH. As it appears to be the gen-
eral wish of my friends upon this side of the
House that there should be no division of tlie res-
olution, I withdraw my demand for it, especially
as it is doubtful whether I vote at all upon the
question.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE asked for the yeas
and nays upon the passage of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 88, nays 40; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Charles P. Adams, Adrain, Aldricli,
Ashley, Beale, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Brabson, Brayton,
Bristow, IJuflinton, Rurlingame, Burnham, Butterfield,
Covode, Curtis, II. Winter Davis, John G. Davis, Dawes,
Delano, Duell, Edgerton, Eliot, Ely, Ethcridge, Fenton,
Foster. Fouke, Frank, French, Gilmer, Gooch, Grow,
Gurley, Hale, Hardeman, J. Morrison Harris, Hatton, Hel-
raick, Hickman, William A. Howard, Humphrey, Irvine,
Junkin, Francis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg,* Kilgore,
DeWitt C. Leach, James M. Leach, Lee, Longncefeer,
Loomis, Lovejoy, Maynard, McKean, McKnight, MePher-
son, Moorhcad, Edward Joy Morris, Iwiac N. Morris, Nel-
son, Pettit, Porter, Potter, Christopher Robinson, Royce,
Schwartz, Sheiman, William N. H. Smith, Spauldmg,
Spinner, William Stewart, Stokes,Stratton,Tapnan,Thea-
ker, Tompkins, Vandever, Wade, Waldron, Cadwalader
C. Washburn, Ellihii B. Washburne, Israel Washburn,
Wells, Wilson, YVindom, and Wood—88.
NAYS — Messis. Allen, Avery, Baiksdale, Bocock,
Branch, Burch, Burnett, John U. C!«ik, Cionton, John
Cochrane, Crawford, English, Florence. Gartrell, John x.
Hairis, Holman, Hou-ton.William Howard, Hughes, Jones,
Kllllkel, Miilson, Niliiack, Noell, Pendleton, l'ugli, Rea-
srau kitflin Scott, Sickles, Singleton, Stallworih, James
A. Stewart, Stout, Taylor, Thoma=,VaIlancUgham, White-
ley, Winslow, and Wright—40.
So the resolution was agreed to.
During the call of the roll, #
Mr. COLFAX stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Keitt, who had been called away; and
that he othei wise would have voted in the affirm-
ative.
Mr. GARTRELL stated that Mr. Crawford,
belli" unwell, had paired off with Mr. Morrill;
and That Mr. Curry, who had been called away
by sickness in his family, had paired off with
Mr. Edwards.
Mi. EDYVA11DS stated that he would have
voted in tlie alTmnniive. .
Mr. JUNKIN staled that he had paired oft
with Mr. Cotdi.er.
Mr. KENYON slated that he had paired off
with Mr. Montcojinr.v.
Mr. LOGAN stated that lie had paired off wiui
Mr. Mallort. .
Mr. MARSTON stated that he had paired oft
with Mr. Phelps.
Mr. "McPHERSON stated that Mr. XOli.inger.
was paired off with Mr. Scott.
Mr. CLOPTON stated that Mr. Moore, of
Alabama, was paired off with Mr. Dunn.
