I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
36th Co5tg....1st Sess.
Slavery Question—Mr. Morrill.
Ho. 01? Reps.
serpents under the feathers of the " spread eagle,"
this is a grave question, and deserves to be tested
in the crucible of facts and figures.
The area of th'e United States, at the peace of
1783, was 820,680 square miles. The Louisiana
purchase in 1803, of 899,579 square miles, more
than doubled it, and very largely extended the
domains of slavery and slave States. The acquisi-
tion of Florida, m 1819, adding 06,900 square miles
to southern preponderance, was a movement in
the same direction. The admission of Texas, in
1844, increased slave territory by over 300,000
square miles, adding one slave State to the Union
at once, with a germinating power of four more,
and securing, by the terms of the treaty, their
future admission into the Union. Though Mex-
ico was indignant at this dismemberment of her
territory, we soon taught her that to complain was
to invoke a deeper cut upon her domains, and the
war of conquest in 1847 added 522,955 square
miles more to our territory, into a large part of
which slavery has been already introduced, and,
practically, fully protected. All these movements
Lave been made with immense cost to the national
Treasury to extend our boundaries southward,
while no effort has been made to extend the "area
of freedom" northward; but, on the contrary,
there our picket-guards have been driven in, and
our limits curtailed. With a weak Power we
quarrel for the ninth partof a hair, but with Eng-
land not for an empire. If Democracy is to be
credited for gains, let it be charged foi losses.
Our wholearea at the present time is 2,936,166
square miles—nearly as much as all Europe—
and yet we are urged to all sorts of violence and
wrong, diplomatic corruption and piratical inva-
sion, even at the peril of our own domestic peace
and harmony, to augment our already unwieldy
dominions!
Although our population has increased eight-
fold since 1790, the number of persons to a square
mile of territory has not doubled. The free States
may expect some additions to their numbers from
the Territories of Nebraska, Washington, and so
forth, large in dimensions, but, on account of
soil and .climate, destined to a sparse population.
For all purposes of settlement, the free States,
with an estimated population of 20.000,000 in
1860, will be restricted to one third of the area of
the Republic; while the slave States, with only an
estimated population of 8,000,000, or 12,000,000,
including slaves, in 1869, will have the large van-
tage of two thiids of the fertile land of the coun-
try. When we look at the density of the popu-
lation of the slave States, we find it, in 1850,
11.35 to the square mile, and only 21.91 to the
square mile in the free States; showing, whatever
may be their requirements, that the former have
double the room compared with the space left to
the latter. Beyond this, if we look at the land m
use, we find the southern and southwestern States
have unimproved land to double the amounfr^if
their improved land; while the New England and
middle States reveise the figures, and have im-
proved nearly double the quantity left unimproved.
In other words, m 1850, the former States had
94,942,052 acres unimproved land, and the latter
only 23,429.581 acres. The proportion ofimproveil
land to the whole in the slave States was but a
fraction over ten per cent.
These facts show how baseless is the claim of
the South for more territory—and, if not baseless,
how much greater the occasion foi arresting an
institution whose demands are so imperious and
unceasing. The density of the population in
England is 322 to the squaie mile; and even in
Russia (in Europe) it is 28 to the square mile, or
about four tunes as groat as it is m the United
States and its Territories. Give to the United
States a population equal m density to that of Eng-
land, and we should outnumber the supposed pop-
ulation of the entire world. If, then, with only
about 11 to the square mile, the slaveholtlmg States
are in danger of suffocation, several grave ques-
tions arise; and among them, first, whether " the
highest type of civilization," as it is gravely
claimed, is to be found m States whose prosperity
is based upon a large influx of slaves, and whose
most-to-be-dreaded evil is a large influx of free-
men; second, whether slavery is possible without
the power of indefinite expansion; third, whether
our neighbors have any territory which we can
appropriate. According to my convictions, a
higher system of culture of the soil, and a greater
number of inhabitants—where the Church holds
communion with the school-house, and where the
plow, the loom, and the anvil, are all harmoni-
ously at work—would soon exhibit a civilization
more to be appreciated than that to which south-
ern States are now so intensely devoted.
It must be conceded, to the second query, that
there is a point when slavery becomes unprofita-
ble from the density of the population—when
land becomes too valuable to support anything
but freemen—and then slavery must reccdc; but
this point must be considered far too remote to
inspire any very lively apprehension or hope in
the present or succeeding generation.
To the last query, it is to be observed, that
Mexico now contains a population of nearly equal
density to that of the United States, and Cuba a
density far greater, or not less than fifty to the
square mile. Acquisitions from such quarters
would accelerate the very evil sought to be post-
poned. The conclusion is reached, therefore, that
it is not for the escape and gradual disappearance
of slavery that fresh fields are sought, as was
urged at the time of the annexation of Texas, nor
is it the dread of aggravating the density of sla-
very, but it is exclusively in the behalf of a re-
inforcement of sectional political power. It is
not an exodus of slavery that is wanted, but such
a diffusion in Mexico as will furnish an increased
representation of political power in the United
States Senate. It is not to build up American power
against European dangers that Cuba is panted
after, but to create that notable equality in the
Union through which eight million people shall
balance and check-mate twenty million. It is a
problem of political geography, which seeks how
to pack four million of slaves'where they will
have no less importance than twelve million of
freemen, or the excess of the free over the slave
State population. And when the North opposes
this, her sons are called sectional, and not con-
servative.
Notwithstanding all the facts of present num-
bers and present extent of domain, proving, while
the free States neither need nor urge expansion
or distribution, that the slavehoidmg States re-
quire it still less; notwithstanding the large and
repeated acquisitions of territory for the almost
exclusive benefit of slavery; notwithstanding the
advantages of a milder climate and superior fer-
tility of soil, the slaveholders now claim the right
to enter with their slaves as propel ty, and thus
monopolize any and all the Territories of the
United States. The claim is one of monstrous
inpislice, contrary to the precedents of all our
eaily history, and, whatever may be the conse-
quences, will never be conceded. The inclusion
of the free transit of slaves as property into any
Territory is in fact tantamount to the exclusion
of all free-State men. The purpose is to exclude
free-State men. This cannot be denied, because
it is sectional power that is sought, which can be
m no other way obtained, and without this result
the prime object would suffer defeat. For the
purposes of emigration or colonization, the neces-
sities of the free States would appear to be the
most pressing—even without considering the in-
flux of foreign population here annually distrib-
uted. In 1850, there were living outside of the
States of their birth, 720,499 persons born in New
England, or more than one fourth part of the en-
tile population had emigrated. Add to these their
descendants, and the whole would perhaps equal
the population still retained.
The older Stales South are also drained by the
more profitable fields of the southwestern States,
and sometimes they are even tempted by more
northern fields. The pressure of theslavo States
for more room will not be until the population
shall have multiplied six-fold, according to the
facts recorded in the history of our own States,
and that of other nations where slaveiyatone
period has prevailed, and subsequently vanished.
This period may be hastened by a system of ag-
riculture which diminishes the fertility of the soil,
or it may be retarded by the culture of tea, wine,
and silk, or by the establishment of manufactur-
ing and mechanical industry. The encourage-
ment of a diversity of labor, by the employment
of skilled artisansathome.instead of those abroad,
would avoid the necessity of any schemes for fur-
ther accessions of territory for ages to come.
The old States cannot hope to recover the rela-
tive power they once enjoyed. Their sons liave
gone forth over the mountains, upon the prairies
and savannas, and power rapidly glides into their
hands; but this day, Virginia: has, beyond her
own representatives in Congress, a representation
from six States, or eight members., Vermont has
seven members from an equal number of States,
and has had more. In 1830, it is stated, there
were thirty members in Congress born in.theState
of Connecticut. The power of the old States is
thus not altogether lost; but intertwined, as it is,
among the new, it links all together by an influ-
ence as fraternal as it is inflexible. Nor will any
State have reason to exclaim, wherever the wan-
derers may reappear,
" How sharper than a serpent's tooth It Is
To have a thankless child."
Ingratitude to the land of our birth is simply an
impossible crime.
Twenty-eight million freemen are of more con-
sideration than four million slaves, and tlieir wel-
fare and future destiny may be first studied with-
out incurring an imputation of crime or a lack of
nationality. Upon economical grounds, upon the
basis of the highest interests of our common coun-
try, regarding the future career of the grandest
Republic to which the world has given birth, and
even without hostility to the institution of slavery
per se, which we do not deny, we may object to
the further extension of slavery. Without sug-
gesting anything invidious, we may prefer the
growth and wealthjaf Maine to that of Florida.
We may prefer the growth and wealth, the ele-
ments of power anil prosperity, of Illinois or
Iowa, to that of Arkansas or Misssippi, though
the latter are advancing at no mean pace.
In 1800 the population of the State of Virginia
was 880,200. Illinois then had none; but in 1850
Illinois had 851,470. Now they have nearly equal
numbers, or over 1,600,000 each, showing that,
while Virginia doubled her numbers by a toil of
sixty years, Illinois does about the same tiling in
ten years! The data of strength or weakness of a
State, as it contributes to or subtracts from the
national support and defense, is a legitimate
topic for the statesman.
I do not press the argument that slavery is
wrong m itself to the conscience of southern men,
though the argument from the paucity of Demo-
crats is not invalid in the North, because I know
thatconscience is steeled againstall such appeals.
I would as soon call upon Pius IX. to surrender
his temporal power, when I know his religion
offers absolution for all his political sins. Be-
sides, the moral as well as the political question
is remitted by the Constitution to the States
where slavery exists, and national jurisdiction
and responsibility can be evoked only by the ef-
forts made to extend it beyond those limits, where
it might remain peaceably at anchor until south-
ern policy and southern conscience should pro-
claim itan evil too great for longer endurance.
The proportions of our country are already so
magnificent as to make the experiment of self-
government a bold one, and more incongruous
additions could only make the experiment extra-
hazardous. But notwithstanding the vastness of
our present territorial limits, no serious disturb-
ance would arise touching slavery, if it were not
the manifest destiny of "the Democratic party,
should it be able to maintain itself in power, to
nationalize slavery at home, and then to seek
fresh acquisitions from foreign nations for the
declared'purpose of enlarging iis boundaries.
Senator Brown has frankly avowed that was his
purpose in striving to obtain Cuba; and whether
avowed or not, it is too obvious to be denied.
Cuba is already stocked with slaves. It is not
wanted, as it cannot be used, us an outlet for the
present slave population of the South. It may
be wanted as a depot of a cheaper supply, to be
replenished by inci eased clandestine facilities, but
it id most wanted to augment the slave represent-
ation in the Government.
If these were not insuperable objections, there
are other arguments against, further acquisitions
of territory and foreign inhabitants. Our Gov-
ernment is fouuded upon the intelligence and vir-
tue of the people., and there is no other basis which*
