1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
my breast, and indeed but very little interest. I
have no malignity to gratify. I have simply
done what I believed to be a plain duty. This
paper of the President was referred to the com-
mittee of which I am a member, with the instruc-
tions of the House. It was the disposition of
gentlemen at that time to have an early report.
The report was accordingly prepared in very
great haste—in about halfadayand two even-
ings—for the purpose of enabling the committee
to conform to the disposition manifested by the
House. I have, time and again, through more
than eight weeks, delayed the consideration of
the matter upon the request of gentlemen of this
House. I have, throughout this proceeding, as
I think all will bear testimony, evinced no dispo-
sition to force anything upon this House against
its pleasure.
When this matter came up before the Judiciary
Committee, the majority report being then ready
for presentation to the House, the committee
were given to understand that it would be pre-
sented to the House within two or three days
thereafter. A request was then made, inasmuch
as the minority had not heard the report of the
majority, that time should be given them to pre-
pare a minority report; which request was at once
acceded to.
I remember nothing further than that which I
have stated; and when I am called upon in this
House to state my recollection, I state it as I have
it. 1 have never said that such a conversation as
that alluded to by the gentleman from Alabama,
[Mr. Houston,! and by the gentleman from
Louisiana, [Mr. Taylor,] did not occur. I state
simply that I have not the slightest recollection
of any such thing. But whilst the matter was
before the House this afternoon, lest I might be
mistaken in regard to it, I appealed to four other
members of the committee who have precisely
the same recollection of the matter that I have,
and I am, therefore, inclined to believe I was cor-
rect.
Now, with regard to the discourtesy charged,
I have but this to say: that I do not recognize a
minority report at all. In legitimate parliament-
ary practice there is no such thing known, and
the presentation of minority reports is an inno-
vation, and, as I regard it, a flagrant innovation
of that practice that has grown up in the Ameri-
can Congress within a very few years past. 1
contend that the minority of a committee have no
right, under a proper administration of parlia-
mentary law, to make a report, and much less to
offer such a resolution as was proposed here to-
day.
But, sir, I should have been perfectly willing,
notwithstanding this conviction, to have had the
resolution proposed by the minority offered as an
amendment, for I did not care a farthing whether
the majority resolution prevailed or not. I only
wanted, the matter to be determined by the House
one way or the other. I thought it my duty, as
chairman of the Judiciary Committee, to see that
the protest should be acted on by the House, as it
had been postponed so frequently, and we were
diawing near the close of the session. But gen-
tlemen in every direction were urging me not to
withdraw the previous question for that purpose,
as it would protract the session, and I acceded to
their requests, without the slightest feeling on the
subject. I was perfectly willing that the House
should have the whole subject before them.
But I deny, m the most'positive terms, that I
have either violated faith in the committee-room,
or courtesy here.
With regard to the disposition manifested to
withdraw from the committee, I have nothing to
say. 1 am willing it should be left to the pleasure
of the gentlemen themselves.
Mr. BURNETT. I move the previous ques-
tion. '
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I call for a
division of the resolution.
Mr. BURNETT. You cannot divide it.
The SPEAKER. The resolution is that the
gentleman from Louisiana and the gentleman
from Alabama be excused from further service on
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BURNETT. And it is not divisible.
Mr. BINGHAM. That is a very extraordinary
statement. I submit that it is divisible on every
principle of law and of common sense. The
House might have good reasons for excusing one
of these gentlemen, and not the other.
The SPEAKER. It is the impression of the
Chair, that if any gentleman calls for a division,
he is entitled to have it.
Mr. BRANCH. I call for the reading of the
rule that provides for the division of a question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to state
his reason to the House. It might be the opinion
of the House that one gentleman should be ex-
cused, and not the other; and therefore the resolu-
tion must necessarily be divisible.
Mr. BRANCH. Then, instead of putting on
the previous question, anamendmentshouldhave
been offered to strike out the name of one of the
gentlemen. I hope the 4Gth rule will be read.
The Clerk read the rule, as follows:
" Any member may call for a division of a question be-
fore or after the main question is ordered, which shall be
divided if it comprehend propositions in substance so dis-
tinct that one being taken away, a substantive proposition
shail lemam for the judgment of the House."
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask the Chair to state
what are the two propositions in the resolution.
Mr. BURNETP. Let us hear how the reso-
lution will read if divided.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I call for the question in re-
gard to the gentleman from Alabama first.
Mr. BURNETT. I want to hear the separate
propositions.
Mr. COLFAX. I take it that this proceeding
is under the rule which allows a member to ask
to be excused from service on a committee. It
is an individual request under that rule, and does
not come under the rule which has been read.
The gentleman from Alabama asks to be excused,
and the gentleman from Louisiana asks to be ex-
cused.
« Mr. FLORENCE. No, sir; the motion made
by the gentleman from Louisiana is that he and
the gentleman from Alabama be excused from
further service on the committee. It is a sub-
stantive individual proposition.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object to debate.
Mr. TAYLOR. Will the House allow me to
make one remark? [Cries of " Go on!"] The
motion which I make goes to the excusing from
service upon the Judiciary Committee of that mi-
nority to whom there has been a failure to extend
the courtesy that they were entitled to expect.
[Cries of "Order!" "Order!"] That question
is indivisible, in my view.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. I desire to state my point of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will be very glad
to hear it.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I rise to a question
of order. I do it because I think there has been
precipitancy in this matter, growing out of a mis-
apprehension as to what occurred in the com-
mittee-room. I hope that gentlemen will not be
very particular in the manner in which this mat-
ter is acted upon. I believe that if I had been
permitted to make a statement before the main
question was ordered, this difficulty might all have
been avoided. I believe that a little reflection and
a little cool thought upon it would induce a reac-
tion upon the part of gentlemen who are now
somewhat excited. My point of order is, that this
resolution is entirely out of order, from the fact
that it is not competent for my colleague on the
Judiciary Committee [Mr. Taylor] to vote that
his colleague be excused. That is strictly, purely,
and entirely a personal privilege, which cannot bo
exercised by any other person; and that proposi-
tion being embraced, the entire resolution is out
of order. I make the point, because I think, with
more reflection, and a little more courteous ftel-
ing all over the House, it will be better to dispose
of this question at some other time.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move that the request of
the gentleman from Alabama be complied with.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman from Illi-
nois, if he will reflect a moment, must understand
that there is a proposition already pending upon
which the main question has been ordered, and
that the House must vote upon that resolution
directly.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I think it is quite competent
for the House to act upon these cases separately.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I will say to the
gentleman from Kentucky that my point of order
is upon this very resolution upon which the gen-
tleman says the main question is Ordered. I sub-
mit that the whole resolution is out of order, oil
the ground that it embraces two parties, and on
the ground that no gentleman can ask- to have an-
other excused.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I must insist that
the vote be taken on the resolution upon •Which
the main question has been ordered. The reso-
lution is evidently not susceptible of a division,
and I ask that the question may be taken Upon
it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks this reso-
lution is divisible. The Chair can never make out
upon what principle it should not be, embracing,
as it does, propositions to excuse two gentlemen
from the same service. A reason may apply
which would induce the House to excuse one
gentleman, when there may be no reason that
would induce the House to excuse the other. The
Chair cannot see by what means the House is en-
abled otherwise to exercise its discretion; and ha
therefore decides that the resolution is divisible.
On motion of Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan,
the House (at six o'clock and forty-five minutes,
p. w.) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, J-une 9,1860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PATENT OFFICE REPORT.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following res-
olution ; which was referred to the Committee on
Printing:
Whereas the copies of the annual report of the Commis-
sioner of Patents on arts and manufactures, originally ill-
tended for the Patent Office, have been diverted to the use
of the Senatn,and the number was indefinite :
Resolved, That ten thousand copies of said report be
printed Tor the use of the Senate; anil that the number of
copies heretofore ordered be printed for the use of the Patent
Office; one copy to each patentee.
RECOMMITMENT OP BILLS.
Mr. LATHAM. I move that the Senate take
up the bill S.No. 168, and finish it this morning.
It is a bill relating to private land claims in Cali-
fornia.
Mr. FOOT. I desire to move the recommit-
ment of two bills, if the Senator will allow me.
Mr. LATHAM. 1 am very anxious to have
'this bill disposed of. It has been discussed on
several different days; but I will yield for the
purpose indicated by the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. FOOT I move to take up the bill (H.
R. No. 320) for the relief of the heirs of Rev.
James Craig, deceased, and that the same be re-
committed to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. If I understand the rules
of the Senate, they require, in the first place, the
President, after the readingof the Journal, to call
for petitions. Even the right of petition is to be
suppressed, if any gentleman can get the floor
and make a motion to take up a bill for the day.
I insist upon the rule, that the President shall call
for petitions, and then for reports; and then other
motions will be in order.
Mr. FOOT. I only ask to be allowed to recom-
mit two bills, which is regarded among petitions
in our order of business always.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bigler in
the chair.) The Chair announced the order, and
called for petitions and reports; but it is compe-
tent for the Senate to decide otherwise, and take
up other business.
Mr. FOOT, My motion is to take up the bill
I have indicated, and to recommit it to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
recommitted.
Mr. FOOT. I also move to take up the House
bill No. 229, for the relief of William Brown;
and that it be recommitted to the Committee on
Claims.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
recommitted.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. GREEN presented a memorial of manu-
facturers engaged in the working of steel in St.
Louis, Missouri, praying that the duty on that
article may not be increased, as contemplated
by the taniF Hill now pending before Congress;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
