I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3 6th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
Democracy alias Slavery—Mr. McKea.n,
Ho. of Reps.
whereas the compromise of 1820, itself, neither es-
tablished nor prohibited slavery south of the desig-
nated line, when Mr. Cobb would probably be
chosen Speaker of this House, they said that the
plurality rule was constitutional. When Mr.
Sherman would probably be chosen, they said
that that rule was unconstitutional.
Sir, the Constitution is generally .supposed to
be a fundamental law, firm as granite. But there
are those who seem to regard it as a spring-board,
on which to turn summersets. These southern
rulers of the Democracy require that party to be-
lieve, or to profess to believe, that stolid barbar-
ism fosters the highest style of civilization; that
the structure of white society must have a black
foundation; and that the tree of liberty will grow
only in the barren, shifting quicksands of slavery;
and they are rapidly convincing the rest of the
world that Dahomian and southern Democratic
politics are the sanie.
Recently, at the Charleston convention, this
sectional supremacy was for the first time mildly
opposed by the northern Democracy; and the
South contemptuously spurned their northern
allies, and arrogantly took to themselves the
name of" the Democratic States." Sir, the su-
preme South is ruling the Democracy to death.
[Thus far Mr. McKean spoke on the evening of
June 6, when he was interrupted by a call of the
roll, demanded by Mr. Craige, of North Carolina.
The House continued in session all night. The
next morning the speaker resumed his remarks.]
Mr. Chairman, this is no time for me to make
a speech. A few remarks must suffice. Last
evening I should have been brief; this morning I
shall be still briefer. Many considerations prompt
me to be so. Not the least among them is the
exhaustion consequent upon a sleepless night.
Sir.., the statesman from whom I have quoted,
uttered but part of the truth. He should also
have said, "the southern Democracy rules su-
preme in the councils of the country." And what
a spectacle has our country exhibited to the world
because of this supremacy ! Opposed to a reason-
able tariff to encourage free labor; opposed to a
Pacific railroad, so located as best to promote the
interests of the whole country; opposed to free
homes for free men, the South demands that sla-
very shall be extended and strengthened. The
supremacy of the South is the supremacy of sla-
very. The gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Clop-
ton] spoke truly when he said of the slavery
question, " it overshadows all other questions."
In the language of that distinguished man, whose
illustrious career terminated in the old Hall, just
without that door, and whose distinguished son
now sits in this Hall, just within that door—in
the language, 1 say, of John Q,uincy Adams:
"The preservation, propagation, and perpetuation of
slavery constitutes the vital and animating *pmt of the
national Government."
Last evening 1 should have spoken in brief de-
tail of the conduct of the southern Democracy
towards the Territories. An instance or two must
now suffice.
Look back a few years and behold the fair
young Kansas, with her brow and waist adorned
oy the hand of Nature with wreaths and girdles
of flowers. See how she is assailed by that ruf-
fian, Slavery. See how she struggles to tear her-
self from the grasp of the monster; while Demo-
craticPresidents, and Cabinets, and Senators, and
Representatives, with locked arms, form the ring
around. Look again. She is free. Thank God,
she is free, and her virtue is unsullied. Her
lately bloody garments arc replaced by ^obes of
spotless white. And, coming up through great
tribulation, and leaning on the arm of her Conway,
this fair half-sister of ours now stands at the
threshold of the Capitol. Hasten, sir, open the
door, and let her come into the sisterhood of States.
We shall see if the Dahomian Democracy will
again slam the door in her face.
Turn your attention to the Territory of New
Mexico. Not only has slavery been established
there, where it was prohibited by the laws of Mex-
ico, but the votaries of slavery have enacted laws
giving the masters of hired servants the right to
whip them, and denying such servants all redress
therefor in the courts. I shall make no comments
on such laws. No comments are necessary to
disclose their more than Draconian atrocity.
The rulers of the Democracy and of the coun-
try now claim that neither Congress nor Terri-
torial Legislatures, nor any human power, can
keep slavery out of the Territories, and that Con-
gress must protect it there. Thus do they seek
to make slavery absolute emperor, dictator, czar.
In the language of Cassius M. Clay, the noble
Kentuckian, who is adding new luster to both his
Roman and American name—
" The Mave oligarchy began by asking neutrality in the
national Government, then equality with freedom, and at
last supremacy,'''
Turn from the Territories, and see what effect the
supremacy of slavery is having upon the States.
Sir, as one wayward member of a family may
disturb the happiness of all the rest, so onesouth-
ern member of this family of States has more than
once disturbed the harmony of the Union. Re-
cently she sentan embassador extiaordinary, and
proposed—ay, we are told, that in the very hall
where Aaron Burr was tried on suspicion of trea-
son, she proposed to a sister State that they join
in an act akin to treason. On a former occasion
shetrieda nullificationexperiment. General Jack-
son was about to teach her better, when Henry
Clay interposed a compromise. The motives of
the "great pacificator" were patriotic. But look-
ing back upon those transactions in the light of
subsequent events, we see reason to regret that
the stern Jackson was not permitted to take hold
of this rcfractory member of the family with his
hickory hand. She would have behaved better
ever afterward.
New York, supposing herself to be a sovereign
State, decreed that a slave, coming by the con-
sent of his master within her jurisdiction, should
be fiee. Under such circumstances, she liberated
the Lemmon slaves. Private individuals then
paid the owner the full value of the slaves. Should
not that have been the end of the matter: But
Virginia disputes the sovereignty of New York,
and brings her into court to compel her to be a
slave State. Tell me, O Now York, my mother
1 State, tell me, could any power on earth make
| thee a subject, and Virginia thy sovereign ? Could
all the standing armies of all the despotisms of
Europe annex thee as a new domain to the Oid
Dominion ? Let the courts consider long and well
before they attempt it.
Mr. LEAKE, of Virginia. Will the gentleman
answer me a question?
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
New York yield to the gentleman from Virginia?
Mr. McKEAN. For six months I havo sat
here m silence, save when answering to the call
of my name. Last evening I obtained the floor,
and Iiave been interrupted for twelve hours, I
cannot yield.
I must not omit, in this connection, briefly to
speak of the affair at Harper's Ferry. Sir, as the
" reign of terror" legitimately succeeded the reign
of the Bourbons; as the Sepoy rebellion was the
natural consequence of the East India Company's
misrule; so did lawless, pro-slavery violence, on
the borders of Missouri and Kansas, beget the
offspring afterwards brought forth at Harper's
Ferry. Andtl^n, too vicious to be ashamed, but
so tiWfas to bcafraidofthatoifspiing,the south-
ern l?cmocracy sought to lay it on the doorsteps
of the Republican party. The gentleman from
Alabama [Mr. Curry] was so just and generous
as to say:
" From the bottom of my heart i do acqmt the Repub-
lican party "from all connection with that raid which was
made into Virginia.5"
All sensible men know, and all just and gener-
ous men admit, that it is right thus to acquit the
Republicans.
But why is it that the South is alarmed?* Why
is it that even her brave men are alarmed as though
they saw an apparition ? John Brown, invisible
to us, is ever and anon awfully visible and audible
to them. How is this? Is not John Brown dead?
Did not the United States conquer him? and after-
wards, did not Virginia kill him? Ah! sir, he
seems to be like the great wild boar, Scnmner, in
the Northern mythology, that was killed every
day for an offering to the gods in Valhalla, and
came to life again every night. Sir, i do not blame
even brave men for being afraid. He who builds
his domicile on the side of a volcano, or where
earthquakes prevail, has a right to be afraid—
ought to be afraid. But is it not amazing that'any
one should demand that the structure of society
in the Territories should be built on the volcanic
foundations of slavery?
In the lightof the affair at Harper's Ferry,how
clearly is seen the vast difference between slave
and free society—the insecurity of the one, the
safety and stability of the other. Could that
affair have happened in a free State, the police
would have intervened, the law would have had
its quiet course, and society would have been dis-
turbed about as much as the ocean is disturbed
by the falling of a pebble. Sir, a slave State is
balanced on a point, like a boulder on a craggy
summit; the hand of a child can rock it; one man is
arm can hurl it into the anarchical abyss below.
A free State stands like a pyramid on the plain—
nor winds, nor floods, nor thunderbolts can beat
it down, nor the weight of centuries can crush it.
Though purposely abridging my remarks, I
cannot overlook the southern Democracy as ex-
hibited here in the Federal Capitol. Congress
convenes; and day after day, for weeks and
months, on the highest notes in tenor, on the low-
est in double-bass, with the gestures, tropes, and
idioms peculiar to the Anglo-Congo school of ora-
tory, they clamor against northern men—
" Loud as the wolves on Orcas5 stormy steep,
Howl to the roarings of the northern Seep."
And because the "northern deep" will not
roar, but will be calm, the noise from Slavery's
" stormy steep" is thelouderand the longer. At
length, amid the deafening din, made by others, and
not by himself, a usually self-poised gentleman
from Virginia, cried out in tones of bitter com-
plaint, that the Republicans sat here "in sullen
and almost contemptuous silence." Sir, if one of
the ancients could nave come back to earth, and
from that gallery have witnessed the composure
on this side, and the clamor on that, would he not
have exclaimed, "Are these the Senators of
Rome? Are those the chiefs of Brennus?" And
all this clamor, sir, is about John Brown, a dead
man, and a pamphlet written for white men, and
which slaves cannot read P
We are repeatedly told by gentlemen on the
other side of the House that the North mustsend
other men to this Federal council—must send "na-
tional and conservative men." They are so kind
as to tell us who are " nationaland conservative."
And as nearly as I can understand the definition,
they are those southern men who hold that slavery
is God's vicegerent upon earth, and those north-
ern men who fall down and worship it as divine.
Such men, they tell us, are alone fit to represent
the people.
Sir, in the ancient days of ^Esop, when quad-
rupeds were endowed with the power of speech,
the wolves sent an embassy to the sheep, saying-,
" Let us hereafter live in peace as good neighbors.
Those watch-dogs of yours make all the trouble.
Send them away, and we shall live in harmony
and union." The thoughtless sheep sent away
the -dogs. But hardly were they out of sight,
when the "national and conservative" wolves
leaped into the fold, slaughtered the sheep, and
sucked their blood. To the people of the North
j the history of the punic faith of the wolves to-
J wards the sheep has a moral. They will not call
| down their sentinels from the walls. They will
not send away their watch-dogs.
Let not the South suppose that the North can
1 be induced to recall from the outposts which he
has so long defended, from the councils which he
has so long instructed and adorned, the Wash-
ington of this war, the Jefferson of this revolution.
Sir, I am not about to defend that eminent man,
SenatorSfiWARD,from the assaults of the Democ-
racy. No, not at all. When he needs to be de-
fended, his own left hand will do it. But, sir,
what scenes have we here beheld ? What Dem-
ocratic dwarf has taken the floor that has not
! shaken his tiny shillalah at this giant? Sec how
they tug and toil to tumble pebbles in his path-
way, supposing them to be boulders. Look, what
coils of ropes they bring to bind him. Ropes?
No, they are but the ravelings of the once strong
cord of Democracy. Sir, do you not remember
the " Strong Man " Kwasind, in the song of Hia-
watha ?
" Now this wondrous strength of Kwasind
in his crown alone was seated."
