392
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 6,
36th Cong....1st Sess.
Missouri Contested Election—Mr. Blair.
Ho. of Reps.
Do you not remember " the envious little peo-
ple, the Puk-Wudjies?" Hark, how they con-
spire against the " Strong Man:"
<c if this great, outrageous fellow,
.Qoes ou thus a little longer,
Tearing everything he touches,
■Rending everything to pieces,
Jelling all the world with wonder,
What becomes of the Puk-Wudjiea?
Who will care lor the Puk-Wudjies ?
He will tread us down like mushrooms."
But sir, the statesman is greater than the'' Strong
Man;" for, unlike the latter, the former grows
greater and stronger with each successive encoun-
ter. In the other end of the Capitol behold the
great statesman of New York; behold there and
here his Democratic enemies; and then tell me,
sir, do you think it more than a step from the
sublime to the ridiculous ?
Gentlemen have been so puerile as to suppose
that they could intimidate us by threats. One
would have us believe that " the people" would
coiae here and hurl us from our seats. Sir, when
those people to whom the gentleman refers shall
come in here to hurl us from our seats, though
we are but few more than a hundred men, we
shall ask for no quarter. The historian of the
future may record whether we shall have needed
any.
'1'he gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Davis]
said to us:
■ When you presented Fremont as a sectional candidate
for the Presidency," * "you un-
dertook to seize the Government for yourselves." *
* ' * " in doing that, you were guilty of organ-
izing rebellion against the Government." * * *
* " We are going to bring the iN'nvy and Army to put
down this rebellion. That i  what we mean to do; and
we will hang the last one ot you."
I would have that gentleman understand that
my constituents, not a few of whom-are sons of
sires who sleep beneath the battle-field of Sara-
toga, have read this threat of his with as much
composure as is consistent with laughter. They
regard his demonstration as about as formidable
as that of General Tom Thumb, armed with a
tin sword, slashing at the boot-legs of las keeper.
Others tell us that the South will manufacture
for herself, and withdraw her trade from us. Sir,
let her proceed witli her manufactures and her
home industry. She can do nothing that will so
soon strangle slavery, and nothing that will so
promote the prosperity ot the North. Is notNew
York benefited by the prosperity of Massachu-
setts,and Ohio by that of Pennsylvania ? So will
the North and the South each be benefited by
the progress and prosperity of the other.
Parton, in his Life of Jackson, says:
" To go southward is to make a journey into the Past.
Travel twenty-four hours into the southern States, and
then get ten miles away trom the railroad, and you have
arrived at Sixiy- Vears-Ago."
Sir, let the South awake from her Rip Van
Winkle sleep, and soon the incubus of slavery
will cease forever to benumb her energies. Let
her turn her attention to all departments of man-
ual industry and intellectual inquiry, and she will
thereby create demands which ignorant, indolent
slave labor cannot meet, and which intelligent,
industrious free labor can alone supply.
We are told that the Union is m danger.
Whence and why this sound of alarm ? Docs
any Republican threaten the Union, or even pre-
dict its" dissolution ? No, not one. Does any
American, North or South, avow hostility to the
Union? I have not heard one. From whom, then,
the danger, and from whom the warning ? Ah,
sir, the danger, if there is danger, and the warn-
ing, come from the same source. It is a notice-
able fact, that no one anywhere ever knows or
hears that the Union is in danger until the De-
mocracy tell of it, and they never tell of it until
they themselves are in danger. When defeat
stares them in the face, they insolently tell us that
if we overthrow them, they will overthrow the
Union. All the time holding the helm themselves,
they cry out with horror, and upbraid the passen-
gers because the Ship of State has got into the
outer whirls of a maelstrom; and when we, the
passengers, ask that the vessel be put about while
yet it may be done, they declare that if we insist
upon that, they will scuttle the ship and sink the
passengers, crew, and cargo altogether. Ho! men
of America, arise to the rescue! All hands on
deck! Let us save the vessel and her precious
freight, and, if need be, cast the corsairs over-
board. Jf that be mutiny, " make the most of it."
Behold the policy, behold the practice of these
men: the policy—rule or ruin; the practice—-rule
and ruin.
I shall quote but one of the scores of southern
Democratic members who have threatened the
Union. The gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Craw-
ford] says:
" We have four million slaves." * * * "We
demand expansion. Wc will have expansion
And again:
" This question lias resolved itself at last into a question
of slavery and disunion, or no slavery and union."
Sir, let the gentleman tell the people of the
North, as he tells us, that slavery ?.nd the Union
cannot both exist; that the one must destroy the
other; but that slavery shall be maintained and
expanded; and, irrespective of party, they will
answer him, "Then slavery must die." They
know that it is a greedy monster, whose hunger
is whetted by what it feeds upon. If you cast it
a State, it seizps it, coils around it, crushes it,
swallows it. If you cast it a Territory, it takes
it down as though it were but a morsel. Hold !
sir; stay your hand, give it no more food; let it
digest or disgorge what it has, and then let it
starve.
I must hasten to a conclusion. The question
is now presented to the millions of Northern men,
whether they will be intimidated by threats, and,
like cravens, permit the country still to be mis-
ruled by men who, while in power, avow that they
will be traitors when out of power? I think, sir,
that the result will show to an admiring world
that those millions of men fear traitors less than
they abhor tyrants; and then we shall see whether
these disumonists will rebel against the Govern-
ment, as they say they will, or whether they will
merely call a convention at New Gascony, and
adopt some resolutions.
" Did the militia stand fire?" asked Washing-
ton, when ho heard of the first battle of the Rev-
olution. " Did the militia stand fire?" He well
knew that, if they did, the day of victory would
soon come; and so it did. Soon the battle of Sara-
toga was fought and won; and then came our allies,
the French, giving assurance of other victories and
final triumph. In 1856, led by Fremont and Day-
ton, the freemen of this land stood fire. Then they
fought their Bunker's Hill. Now they are led by
Lincoln and Hamlin. In the morning,at Borodino,
Napoleon exclaimed, " Yonder is the sun of Aus-
terlitz!" Who in this army of freemen does not
see the dawn of the day of victory ? We shall have
our Saratoga; and then we shall have our allies—
not aliens, but sons of the South. The noblest
men amongst them will declare for us, giving as-
surance of the final triumph of our principles; and
the South, no longer old in her youth, will stand
erect, rejuvenated, as though she had bathedin the
Fountain of Youth; and the North and the South,
each accepting the friendly challenge of the otlie/.
will run ji race of generous and glorious riva^-y
down the ages.
MISSOURI CONTESTED ELECTION.
SPEECH OF HON. F. P. BLAIK, JR.,
OF MISSOURI,
In the House of Representatives,
June 6, 1860.
The House havingunder consideration the Missouri con-
tested-election ease-
Mr. BL<\IR, (thecontestant,) said:
Mr. Speaker: I propose to state, within the
hour which has been assigned me by the courtesy
of the House, the grounds upon which I have con-
tested the seat of the sitting member from the first
congressional district of Missouri. In the first
place, I claim that I have made proof of a suffi-
cient number of fraudulent and illegal ^otes cast
for the sitting member, which, if deducted from
his vote, would entitle me to the seat.
In the second place, I claim that the corrupt and
illegal conduct of certain of the judges and officers
of the election—the partisans and friends of the
sitting member—in four precincts in the county
and district of St. Louis, have been so established,
by competent proof, ag to vitiate the election in all
those precincts, and that a rejection of the votes
of those precincts would show vine entitled to the
seat.
In the third place, 1 claim that the neglect and
refusal of the judges and officers of election in cer-
tain other precincts in that district, to the number
of six, to take the oath of office and qualify ac-
cording to law, vitiates the election in those pre-
cincts; and that the number of votes thus excluded
would entitle me to the seat.
In the fourth place, 1 claim that I have estab-
lished that the corruption and bribery in which
the sittiitg member personally participated should
and ought to vitiate his election. In presenting
this case before the Committee of Elections, and
by the privileges accorded to me by that commit-
tee, I filed a brief of about eleven pages of printed
matter. By some accident this brief was not
printed, but fell into the hands of the sitting mem-
ber, who, in his brief and that of his counsel,
covering one hundred and seven pages—if it can
be called a brief—replied in express terms to my
brief. The chairman of the committee of course
overlooked the fact that my brief was not printed,
and so I have not had the advantage of having it
before the House; and therefore I will take the
privilege of stating my case from that brief to a
very great extent.
Under the first proposition, I claim that there
were fraudulent and illegal votes cast for the sit-
ting member, the exclusion of which would enti-
tle me to the seat. The illegality- of these vote3
is shown, m some instances directly and posi-
tively, by the evidence of parties acquainted with
the individuals casting these votes, and knowing
them not to be entitled to vote within that dis-
trict. In some other instances—following the pre-
cedent set in the Vallandigham case—the admis-
sions of parties who had cast votes that they were
not entitled to cast are proven, and the fact of
how they voted is established by the abstract of
the ballots, filed with this record. Then, there
was another class of cases, where the illegality of
the votes was proved by a census that was or-
dered to be taken by the city of St. Louis, under
an ordinance passed incompliance with an act of
the State Legislature. Now, it was asserted on
this floor yesterday, by the distinguished gentle-
man from North Carolina, [Mr. Gilmer,] that I
caused that census to be taken, and that 1 appointed
the individuals to take it. That statement is
totally incorrect. The census was ordered by the
authority of the city of St. Louis, under an act
of the Legislature of Missouri.
I notice this at this point—because I do not ex-
pect to refer to it again—in order to show that
the gentleman who defended the minority report
yesteiday, while professing to be totally unbiased
and to have no prejudice at all, had taken up the
unsupported statement of the sitting member, a3
delivered before the Committee of Elections;
and when I asked the sitting member to prove
and establish the fact that the census was taken
by persons appointed by me, he subsided and
failed to do it. The gentleman from North Car-
olina reproduces, in the House, that statement,
totally unfounded, and for which there is not a
particle of evidence to be found m all the record.
I claim, as the majority of the committee claim
in their report, that this census, taken immediately
after the election, is a public record; and, as such,
is evidence not only before this House, but before
a court of justice. I refer to Greenlcaf, Phillips,
and other elementary writers, who lay it down,
in so many words, that it is evidence; and they
assign t'is reason for its being evidence: that, if
the statement contained in that book was not true,
or was incorrect in any particular, the sitting
member had the means of instantly correcting it.
The book is open to him for his examination, as
well as to those who used it and produced it against
him. There is another point on which I claim the
admissibility of this evidence. If a man is re-
turned in the census as not being naturalized, the
sitting member has this advantage: that the very
number of the house, and the street where the indi-
vidual lives, are pointed out in this return, and he
has the ability to go directly to the place of his
residence and ascertain if the fact has been stated
correctly.
On these three classes of evidence the majority
