1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose I can accom-
plish my object by asking that the vote be taken
separately on each section. I wish to object to
the salary being raised to $3,000. I desire it to
be left at $2,500.
Mr. LANE. I will only say to the Senate that
it is not twenty minutes since they have fixed the
salary of the district judge of CaluVmia at $6,000
a year.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not by my vote.
Mr. LANE. And they went back to 1852, at
that. They have agreed to give the judge that
salary from that time to the present. This bill
fixes the salary of the judge of Oregon at a very
low rate. I hope the Senate will not make a dif-
ference of more than $3,000 between the salary of
the judge of Oregon and the judge of California.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Illinois calls for a division. The first ques-
tion will be on concurring in the first section of
the substitute.
The first section was concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on concurring in the second section.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Can I move to strike out
&3,000 and insert $2,500 ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The section
can be amended.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I make a motion to
strike out $3,000 and insert $2,500.
Mr. BAYARD. It is $2,500 now. The only
way for the Senator to reach his object would be
to strike out the whole section.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Very well; then I make
a motion to strike out the whole section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on agreeing to the section; and if itis notagreed
to, it will be'stricken out; and therefore the mo-
tion is unnecessary.
Mr. BAYARD. It seems to me that to strike
ou* this section would be unjust after your action,
as has been stated by the Senator from Oregon
just now, in reference to another bill. The Sen-
ate, in the first organization of courts in Oregon,
provided that §3,000 was a proper salary; and the
Committee on the Judiciary, according to my rec-
ollection, unanimously agreed to that sum. The
sum wanted was $3,500; but they agreed to $3,000.
At a very late period of the session the bill went
to the House. For what reason or why I do not
know, the House made no amendment except to
cut down the salary to $2,500, and it came back
to us. I thought it was an injustice then; but as
it was necessary that the law should be extended,
we passed the bill as it then stood. When the
matter came before usat this session, requiring the
alteration of the time of holding the courts there,
to which I suppose no one objects, we thought it
reasonable to place the salary at the same amount
that we originally as a committee of the Senate,
and the Senate itselfby its own vote, fixed it.
Mr. WILSON. I shall vote against this sec-
tion; and I do so for this reason: here is a judge
in a State of forty or fifty thousand inhabitants.
The amount of business before that judge will
not compare, in my judgment, with the aver-
age business before the judges in the various
courts of the United States. The average com-
pensation that those judges receive does not ex-
ceed, I think, $2,500. In some States, where
they have a very large amount of business, it is
less than tluit. As to the idea of comparing this
judge with'the judges in California, there is no
comparison whatever in the amount of business
or anything else; and I certainly think the Sena-
tor from Oregon ought not to press this case.
Mr. LANE. The Senator has taken the lib-
erty of saying that here is a judge whose duty is
C'lifined to a State of forty or fitty thousand pop-
ulation. Now, when he speaks of the population
of Oregon, he talks about that of which lie knows
nothing. The census is now about being taken;
and he will find, when the returns come ill, that the
population of Oregon will be very near one hun-
dred thousand. We have but one judge in Oiegon,
111 California there are two.. This judge is required
to hold his court at the seaport town, at Portland,
where there is admiralty business that will keep
him on duty every week in the year, -there are
always vessels there. It is our principal seaport
town. It is a port where ships of any size can
"■o. There will beat that placedutyfor the judge
a br<-c portion of his time. He must reside in
Portland; and a man in such a position cannot,
reside there and support his family at $2,500 a
year. To say that he shall be confined to a sal-
ary of $2,500, is to say that injustice shall be done
him. You discriminate between the judges in
California and Oregon to the amount of $4,500 a
year; and we have but one district judge, though
our territory is large, and is capable of sustaining
nearly as large a population as California. I
know we have not so large a population at pres-
ent, or anything like it; but we shall havealarge
population and a great deal of business. I hope
the Senate will not strike out this section, but will
do justice to my State and to our judge, as well as
to other States and to other judges. In order that
gentlemen may have an opportunity of showing
how they want to vote on this question, I ask for
the yeas and nays on the motion to strikeout the
section.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GRIMES. I concur in one suggestion of
the'Senator from Oregon, that there is, perhaps,
a little inconsistency in gentlemen who voted to
raise the salary of the judge in California to
$6,000, not being willing now to raise the salary
of the Oregon judge to $3,000. But I am not in
that category, and therefore I shall vote for the
proposition of the Senator from Illinois, to strike
out the last section of the bill. 1 do not believe
it is good policy for this Government to raise the
salaries of the Federal judges in any State higher
than is paid by that State for corresponding duties
to its own State judges. I should be unwilling
to give a salary to any Federal judge greater than
is paid by the State m which he sits to the high-
est judge of the State courts. I say it is bad
policy, and we ought not to do it, and therefore
t should vote against it on principle. But I wish
to say to the Senate that there are States of the
Union, my own among the number, where living
.is just as expensive as it is in Oregon. 1 happen
to have some means of comparing the expenses
of living in those two States, having relatives re-
siding in them. The judge of the district court
in my State holds court in three places; there is
a population of seven hundred thousand people
ill the State; he holds six terms of the court; and
I undertake to say, from the information I can
gather, that he performs three times the amount
of duty that will be required of the Federal judge
in the State of Oregon for the next fifteen years,
and yet lie receives only $2,000.
Mr. LANE. I have no disposition to discuss
this matter; I only want the vote.
Mr. FOSTER. The Senator from Iowa throws
out an intimation that those who voted in favor
of raising the salary of the district judge of Cal-
ifornia arc bound to vote to raise the salary of
this judge also, or lose the merit of consistency.
I voted to raise the salary of the judge in Califor-
nia, and did so for reasons most satisfactory to
myself; and I think the Senator from Iowa has
furnished me a reason for doing so in one single
remark which he made, and that was, that lie
thought good policy required us never to raise
the salary paid to a district judge of the United
States above the salaries of the State judges in
the same State. Now, sir, the salary we have
lately voted to the district judge in California is
<^4,000 short of the amount paid by the State of
California to her judges at the time we voted that
he should receive $6,000 a year; and at that time
we were actually paying him only $3,500—scarcely
a compensation, as I was going to say, for per-
sons performing menial duties as servants; for
ordinary laborers received $300 a month in Cali-
fornia at the time we were paying this man $3,500
a year.
, Mr. GRIMES. The Senator will pardon me
1 for interrupting him. I did not say that the sal-
aries of the Federal judges should be raised up to
a corresponding amount with that paid to State
judges; but that the Federal judges ought never
to be elevated above that amount.
Mr. FOSTER. I supposed that the gentleman
meant by his reference to intimate thatthere should
be some correspondence between the salary of the
'j district judge of the United States and the salary
! of the State judges in the same State. If we keep
the salary of the district judge of Oregon where
it is, at S2,500, it is much nearer the salary ot the
State judges of that State, unless I am mistaken,
than the present salary of the district judge of
California is to that of the State judges in that
State.
Another thing, as the Senatorfromlowaseems
to think we are guilty of some inconsistency in
this matter: the salary of the district judgjyKf
California stands on very peculiar grounds. THfe
United States have paid an assistant to the ulp-'
trict attorney $25,000 as a fee for trying a single
cause before this very judge in the district of Cal-
ifornia. Yes, sir; $25,000 was paid for trying a
single cause before a judge whose salary, being
43,500 a year, was thought to be enough. Now,
1 say, if we have got a man competent to perforin
the duties that justified the United States in pay-
ing a fee of $25,000 to a man for trying a single
cause before him, the idea of its being extrava-
gant to pay that judge $6,000 a year is to me a
little preposterous. But, sir, I am not going to
take up time. I merely wished to answer the inti-
mation of the Senator from Io wa.
Mr. GWIN. The Senator from Connecticut
is entirely mistaken in supposing that $25,OQO was
paid to an attorney for arguing a single case. He
prepared many cases for trial of great conse-
quence, involving millions of dollars' worth of
^ Mr. ANTHONY. I desire to ask the Senator
from Oregon what is the salary paid by that State
to its judges ?
Mr. LANE. I do not recollect the precise
amount at this time; but I think it is $2,500. We
have three judges of the supreme court. When
we were a Territory the United States paid the
judges $3,000, when she had three of them. Now
you have but one.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bigler in
the chair.) The question is on agreeing to the
section. Those in favor of fixing the salary at
$3,000 will vote " yea."
Mr. BRIGHT. I think the question is not
understood. I should be glad if the Chair will
state it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on agreeing to the section. That gives $3,000.
Mr. LANE. Is not the question, whether this
amendment of the Committee of the Whole shsfll
be concurred in ?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I understand there was
a motion to strike out the latter part.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is, will the Senate agree to the section?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand that those
opposed to raising the salary, and for leaving it
where it is now, at $2,500, will vote in the nega-
tive; and those who are for increasing the salary
will vote "yea."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
stated so distinctly. *
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 28, nays 23; as follows:
yeas—Messrs. Bayard, Benjamin, Bigler, Bragg, Bright,
Clingman, Crittenden, Davis, Fitcli, Fitzpatriclt, Green,
Gwin, Hammond, Hemphill, Hunter, Ivcrsou, Kennedy,
Lane, Latham, Mason, Nicholson. Polk, Powell, Sebastian,
Slidcll, Thomson, Toombs, and Yulee—28.
NAYS—Messis. Anthony, Bingham, Chandler, Clark,
Collamci, Dixon, Dooiittie. Duikee, Fessenden, Foot, Fos-
ter, Grime';, Hale, Hamlin, Uaiian, King, Simmons, Sum-
ner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson
—23.
So the section was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FR05I THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bills of the Sen-
ate :
A bill (No. 385) to incorporate the proprietors
of the Prospect Hill Cemetery; and
A bill (No. 426) to dissolve the Washington's
Manual Labor School and Male Orphan Asylum
Society, of the District of Columbia, and to au-
thorize the transfer of its effects to the Columbian
Institution for the Instruction of the Deaf and
Dumb and the Blind.
The message further announced that the House
had concurred in the amendment of the Senate to
the bill (H. R. No. 523) extending the charter
incorporating the German Benevolent Society of
Washington city, approved July 27, 1842.
PUBLIC PRINTING INVESTIGATION.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The hour of
twelve having arrived, the Ariny appropriation
bill is now before the Senate. _
Mr. SLIDELL. I move to set aside the spe-
