394
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 6,
36th Cong....1st Sess.
Missouri Contested Election—Mr. Blair.
Ho. of Reps.
that he was nut entited to vote, and that McDon-
ald knew it. Thus he availed himself of the
authority lodged in him by the law to prevent a
challenge and to prevent a man being sworn, to
false! y assert that he knew the man, when, in fact,
upon his own confession, he was not entitled to
vote, and McDonald knew it. And the evidence
is that he did this not once or twice, bat fre-
quently. Whenever he had a hard case whose
vote he could not get in in any other way, this
was his last resort. The evidence is that not
only were there many cases of that kind, but it is
clearly proved by two Witnesses that in one in-
stance where a man stood up before the polls, and
admitted that he had no right to vote, McDonald
took the vote, and put it into the ballot-box, and
that the man voted, for Barret.
Another case was that of a man who said he
had jived six months in the State of Missouri.
The question was put to him, where he resided,
and what he had been doing all the time. He
said that he had been working upon the Hannibal
and St. Joseph railroad, which is a hundred
miles from the district. McDonald said that if a
man who had worked upon the Hannibal and St.
Joseph railroad six months had no right to vote,
he did not know who had; and thereupon took
his vote, notwithstanding the statute requires a
residence of one year in the State,and three months
in the county. These cases show a corrupt in-
tent and fraudulent design, upon the part of the
judge of election. He had his own way, because
he had backers upon that side to support him in
it. It is shown, also, that he used vulgar, oppro-
brious, and threatening language to the challengers
of the Opposition party, when they were exercising
the privileges of legal voters and of freemen; that
he more than once endeavored to incite the crowd
to violence against these men who were inter-
fering with him in the exercise of his fraudulent
designs.
Now, it is also in cvidencc, in reference to this
poll, that the vote at the ensuing spring election
was the only one in which the party of the sitting
member maintained the same or as great a vote
as they did in August; and it is demonstrated
how this thing was done, because, while they re-
ceived precisely the same number of votes for the
candidate for Mayor in this ward, their candidate
for alderman was defeated* showing that they had
colonized the ward, and that persons from other
wards had voted in that ward. While they were
able, by colonizing, to get the same vote as in the
August preceding, for Mayor and the general city
ticket, for whom citizens residing in other wards
could vote m this or any ward, upon making oath
that "they had not and would not vote at any
other precinct at that election," yet, upon the
vote for ward officers, for whom none but the
actual residents of the ward are allowed to vote,
they ran two or three hundred behind the vote
cast that same year for the sitting member.
1 find that my time is rapidly transpiring, and
I must, in order to meet the expectation of gen-
tlemen upon the other side of the House, hurry
over this part of the case. The vote of the west-
ern precinct of the same ward is vitiated by the
violent and fraudulentconductof the gentleman's
partisans at the election. There was at that ward
a scene of not through the whole day; the whole
crowd there being drunk, and being made drunk
by one of the partisans of the sitting member, in
order to incite them to acts of violence; and in
fact they terminated the day by knocking over
oneof the judges of election, and causing the polls
to be closed before the hour named in the law for
closing them. If the vote of these four precincts
are deducted from the vote of the sitting member,
my majority, without counting out any fraudu-
lent votes, would be 157.
In reference to the judges who were not sworn,
there were, in the third division into which I have
divided this statement, six precincts in which the
evidence shows that some one or more of the ]
judges, and in some cases all of the judges and
other officers of the election, were not sworn.
Yesterday it was stated by the gentleman from
North Carolina [Mr. Gilmer] that I undertook
to throw out those other precincts, upon the ground
of having given notice that I would bring proof
that those judges were not properly sworn, as
required by law; and he wanted to know where I
would find the proof. The proof is in the record
itself. The record of the poll-books of this elec-
tion did not contain what the law required that
they should show; for the law which governs the
election of members of Congress in the State of
Missouri requires that the returns of the officers
should be accompanied by a certificate of the qual-
ification of the judges and officers of elections. In
the cases which 1 have enumerated, at the Gra-
vois precinct,at Harlem House,at Sappington's,
and at the eastern precinct of the fifth and sixth
wards, all these records are deficient in the re-
turns of qualifications of the officers of elections.
The law which was enacted in 1825 requires it.
Now, I see in the brief of the counsel of the
sitting member, the point made that this law had
been repealed. So far from that being the case,
the law has been reenactcd every, ten years since
that time; it being one of the requirements of the
constitution of the State of Missouri that the laws
of the State shall be revised every ten years; and
at every revising session, so far from this law
being repealed, there„is a separate and definite
law for the election of members of Congress, re-
quiring these prerequisites. Now the point is
made with me by the sitting member, and by
those who espouse his cause, that this is merely
technical, and that it will not do to hold the sit-
ting member to such strictness of proof; while, at
the same time, they are attempting to hold me to
th$strictest proof in regard to these fraudulent
votes.
Nobody pretends to deny the truthfulness of
these extracts for the census returns. The sitting
member had it in his power to go and examine
whether they were truthful or not. They do not
say that the facts arc not as stated;but that they
are not proved by competent evidence. I am to
be held to the strictest letter of the law in regard
to what I attempt to prove against these frauds:
but when they want to cover these frauds, they say
they are not to beheld to any strict proof. When
they want to inject into this election the fraud-
ulent votes returned from the precinct of Gravois,
reeking with fraud and corruption, they must have
them, although they do not come here properly
certified. I do not claim that the vote at these
polls should be excluded, unless the House be-
lieve that these polls were tainted with fraud. If
the House is convinced that the sitting member
is returned here by fraud, and if he interposes the
objection that I have not shown it b,y legal and
competent evidence, although by evidence which
would convince any man's mind, I ask the House
to hold him to the same rule, and not permit him
to bring in these polls unless they are properly
certifie d.
The fourth ground on which I claim that the
election of the sitting member is vitiated, is that
of bribery and corruption, in which I have proven
the personal participation of the sitting member.
I refer, now, to the proof given by Brown and
Grabe and Dr. Hill,as to the open proposition to
pay for votes at Carondelet, at the rate of $1 25
for every vote given for Barret. Each of these
witnesses states, that there was a large crowd of
men collected in front of Crady's house m Caron-
delet, on the day of election, and that they heard
exclamations made by some persons, one of whom,
Dr. Hill says, was Crady himself, proclaiming
$1 25 for every man who would vote for Barret.
These exclamations, say the minority of the
committee, were made by poisons unknown, ad-
dressed to no one knows whom, and lefernng to
no one knows what. The evidence is, that it was
announced by a man named Crady, who was a
supporter of Mr. Barret; and that'the olfer was
made to a gang of men who had been brought
from the Waterloo turnpike, in Illinois, to give
them §1 25 each to vote for Barret; and that they
did vote for Barret; that they were marshaled to
the poll, and that their ballots were deposited.
That is in the evidence. The gentleman from
Georgia [Mr. Gartrei.t.] smiles at that.
Mr. GARTRELL. I do smile; and if the gen-
tleman will allow me 
Mr. BLAIR, (contestant.) I cannot allow the
gentleman just now.
Mr. GARTRELL. 1 thought not. I only in-
tended to challenge the gentleman to produce the
proof.
Mr. BLAIR, (contestant.) I will do it.
Mr. GARTRELL. I say there is no such
proof there.
Mr. BLAIR, (contestant.) The gentleman
from Georgia is very much mistaken—entirely-
mistaken.
Mr. GARTRELL. Now for the proof.
Mr. BLAIR, (contestant.) You shall have it,
sir. I will give you the proof in time. I wish to
say here that men in the class of life of these par-
ties do not ordinarily spend their own money to
get votes for the advantage of other gentlemen.
Here is what is said by Dr. Hill, on page 550:
"I heard an Irishman ciymg out in the street toward
some other Irish, ' Come on,bovs; comc on. hoys; a dollar
and a quarter for every voteand hallooed out toi Mr. Bar-
ret and Judge Ilackney. That's all I know about it.
" Question. What was the name of the Irishman that
cried out,1 a dollar and a quarter for each vote ?'
"Answer. I don't know.
Question. Was his name John Crady?
iiAnswer. If was in front nflus (Ciady's) boarding-house.
At that lime I did not know him.
" Question. Do you know hnn now when you sec him.''
"Answer. Yes, sir.
"Question. Does he look like the same man that used
tluit language ?
"Answer. lie looks like him ; can't say whether it is him
or not.
" Question. He was hurrahing for Barret, was he ?
"Answer. Yes, sir; for Barret and Ilackney."
Mr. GARTRELL. I desire to ask the gentle-
man 
The SPEAKER. Docs the gentleman yield to
the gentleman from Georgia ?
Mr. BLAIR, (contestant.) No, sir. Here is
the testimony of Gustavo Grabe, on page 694:
" Question. Were you in. Carondelet on the day of elec-
tion last August ?
" Answer. Yes, sir.
" Qucdion. Did you see Fiank Le May, on the day of
election there ?
11 Answer. Yes, sir.
" Question. State what he was doing, and ail the circum
stances attending it.
" Answer. I saw Mr. lie May in a grocery, from the house
where I was.
" Question. What was he doing?
" Answer. I saw htm in a crowd of about forty fctanding
around him. 1 heatd some halloo, hurrah for Barret;
whoever goes for Barret, $1 25. I could not see whether
it was Lc May.
" Question. Did you see John G. Ilelley ?
" Answer. I did not recognizc him. I saw the owner of
the house; F could not tell ins name.
" Qveshon. Wn* his name Ciadv?
"Answer. I could not say, indeed. I don't know the
name of the men in the crowd. I saw John Owens.
" Question. Did the ciowd go up to the polN?
"Answer. Yes, sli ; when I weiitup with my vote, then
they came along. I commenced voting.
'• Question. Did you understand, fiom what you heard
cried out in the ciowd about $1 25 foi eveiy man for Bar-
rett, that it was a promise to pay each one $1 25 who
would vote for Barret?
" Answer. I could not say llidt; it seemed to him they
were gelling paid-
" Question. Did all this crowd vote?
" Answer. I could not say; they went up all together to
vote.
" Question. Did John Owens go up to vote in the same
crowd ?
" Answer. I could not say; I saw the other day some ten
or twelve men take up their carpet- bags, and went oft'; thoy
were in the crowd.
u Question. Was that «oon after the election ?
"Answer. Next morning.
il Question. Wetethese men whom you say ne\t day left,
were they in the ciowd who went up to vote on the day of
election ?
" Answer. Yen, sir.'' ,
Here is Mr. Brown, who gives almost the same
testimony, only more so. [Laughter.]
1 will now pass over that point. These gen-
tlemen of the minority of the committee have
undertaken to answer this charge of bribery and
corruption, by producing instances in which I
did not allege bribery and corruption m the Gra-
vois coal mines. I alleged that in that case Mr.
Barret lavished money upon all who asked him
for it I alleged tl.at he was present where fraud
and corruption were recking; and must have been
aware of what was occurring. They have stated
these matters, which were not alleged, for the pur-
pose of drawing off the effect of these charges,
as I will undertake to show. Here is a case in
which personal participation in bribery is brought
home to him still more closely. I refer to the
evidence, on pages 740 and 741, of Tom Wall,
which, if I had the time, I would read at length.
It is to the effect that a man by the name of Jack
McDonne! was employed to obtain voters for Mr.
Barret, and that he had men at.that election from
Chicago, and from New Orleans, who voted for
the sitting member; that he was given an order,
