1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.'
amendment in a form which will conform to the
wishes and request of certain Senators in favor
of it. I shall move to strike out after the word
«< it" 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Let it be re-
considered first.
Mr. 1VERSON. I do not offer the amendment
now, but only suggest it.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. IVERSON. I now move the amendment
which I have indicated; and I ask for the yeas
and nays on the adoption of the original amend-
ment as modified.
Mr. FESSENDEN". I suppose the Senator can
modify his amendment before it is acted upon.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. He may by
common consent. The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Before it is con-
sented to, I think it would be well to let us hear
it read.
The Secretary read the amendment as modified,
as follows:
And be it further enacted, That ail the States which have
had, or shall have, refunded to them by the United States,
moneys expended by such States for military purposes dur-
ing or since the war of 1812 with Great Britain, which
have not already befin allowed interest upon the moneys so
expended, shall now be allowed interest, so far as they
have themselves either paid interest or lost interest by the
transfer of an interest-bearing fund, and interest to be com-
puted by the proper accounting officers of the Treasury,
accoiding to the provisions and principles directed to bo
applied to the State of Maryland, by the twelfth section of
the act ot March 3,1857, entitled An act making nppio-
priations for certain civil expenses of the Government for
the year ending the 30th of J^ine, 1858;" and that all the
States which have been allowed interest upon claims
against the United States, accruing during, or since, said
year of 1612, shall be entitled to have their interest accounts
reexamined and restated by the proper accounting officers
of the Treasury, according to the provisions and principles
of the said twelfth section of the act of March 3,1857; and
that those piovisions arid principles shall govern the com-
putation ot interest in all ea^es in which interest may lieie-
after be allowed to any of the States; and any money found
to be due to any Slate, by virtue of the provisions of this
act, shall be paid to such State, out of any money in the '
Trea*my not otherwise appropriated: Provided, That, in
lieu of the payment of money, the Secretary of the Treas-
ury may, at hU discretion, issue to said States certificates
of stock, beaiing interest at the rate of five per centum per
annum, payable semi-annually at the Treasury, and re-
deemable in ten years or sooner, at the pleasure of the
Pre«iUent of the United States: And provided, That in com
putmg the interest upon the moneys advanced by Mas-
sachusetts, m the war of 1812 with Great Britain, such
moneys shall be considered, after the separation of Maine
from Massachusetts, as having been advanced ir. the pro-
portion of one third by Maine and two thirds by Massachu-
setts, and the interest account of the said States shall be
adjusted accordingly: And provided further, That the pro-
visions of this section shall be applied to the interest ac-
count of the city of Baltimore, for advances of money made
by said city during the said war of 1812.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. ThcChair hears
no objection to the modification of the amend-
ment. The question is on the amendment of the
Senator from Georgia, as modified.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to amend it by
striking out the words " so far as they have them-
selves either paid interest or lost interest by the
transfer of an interest-bearing fund."
Mr. SL1DELL. I suggest to the Senator from
Illinois, whether it would not be better to confine
his amendment to striking out the words " paid
interest." The Senator from Georgia has said
that he did not know whether ther? was one State
that would be enabled to profit by the provisions
of this proposition. Now, I am inclined to think
that the amendment, as it now stands, docs not at
all change the obligations of the Government. I
presume theie is not a State that expects and
hopes to avail itself of the benefits of this law
that has not incurred a debt, and therefore paid
interest. Now, if the words "paid mterest^are
stricken out, there will be some semblance of jus-
tice in this thing; because if they were obliged to
part with an interest-bearing fund or securities,
for the purpose of making these advances to the
Government, 1 can see they can make a very strong
appeal to the equity of the United States. But
this amendment is altogether illusory, in my opin-
ion. I do not think it restricts the payment of
interest in one solitary case. I think it will be so
proved. I suggest the distinction to the Senator
from Illinois, if he is willing to accept it. Does
he understand me ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not understand the
Senator from Louisiana. My object is this: if
interest is to be paid at all, I think interest should
be paid to those States which advanced the money,
having it on hand, as well as to those which bor-
rowed money to advance. I see no justice or
equity in opening these accounts, long since set-
tled, and paying additional interest to certain
States which made advances, which they raised,
whether by borrowing the money and agreeing
to pay interest to some one else, or by issuing
bonds and agreeing to pay interest, and refusing
to open the accounts and pay interest to the States
which, by taxation, raised the money from their
own citizens. It seems to be unjust. If the Fed-
eral Government has had the benefit of the money
of any of the States, it is no matter how those
States raised the money; and we should not pay
back to the States because they paid extravagant
interest in order to raise the money to defray mil-
itary expenses. "We should settle upon the same
principle with all; and the State which levied a
tax and collected the money from its citizens, and
expended it for military purposes, should have
back the money, with the same interest, com-
puted in the same way as another State, which,
instead of raising the money from its inhabitants,
borrowed the money from some other source, and
agreed to pay interest semi-annually or annually,
as the case may be. If we compute the interest
semi-annually or annually to the States borrow-
ing the money to furnish it, we must compute the
interest semi-annually or annually to the States
that raised money from their own resources.
The motion I have made is tiTstrike out that pro-
vjsionjand treat ali alike. I supposed that the
amendment I had suggested, if adopted, would
accomplish that object.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will say one word in
reply to the Senator from Illinois. I take it his
real object is to defeat the amendment entirely;
that he would not vote for it if the amendment
that he now proposes were agreed to, so that it
covered the whole of them. I presume he has
not the slightest idea of voting for it in any shape.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I would perfect it, cer-
tainly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes; "perfect" it by
making the obligation about four or ten times as
high as this makes it; and " perfect" it in a man-
ner to induce other people to vote against it who
might otherwise vote for it. The idea is to per-
fect the amendment by putting it in a shape to
defeat it, if possible.
I do not dispute the abstract proposition, that
where money is advanced by a State, or by a cor-
poration, or by an individual, for the benefit of
the United States, interest should be paid on that
money-so long as it remains unpaid. I admit the
abstract justice of the rule; but, sir, interest is a
creature of law after all, and there is no binding
obligation; and, as a matter of fact, a matter of
principle, the Government never has been in the
habit, but has uniformly refused, in such cases
where money was advanced by a State, or cor-
poration, or individual, to payinterest. That has
been the practice of the Government. It has got
to be settled, well undeistood, decided. TheGov-
ernment has not paid interest. On the contrary,
the practice of the Government has been other-
wise in a given case, and that given case is where
the State, in order to make this advance for the
benefit of the General Government, was com-
pelled to borrow money and pay interest on it.
There the United States assumed the obligation to
make the State or the corporation whole by doing
precisely what the State or corporation did. I
read the other day from a general law that was
passed after the Mexican war, which provided
that the Government would repay to the States,
corporations, or individuals, that had advanced
money, the money advanced by them for the pur-
poses of the Mcxican war, with interest, where
ever the individual, or corporation, or State, had
paid interest or lost it. It was a general provis-
ion, and I have it on my desk now. It has been
done repeatedly by statutes with reference to dif-
ferent States. The practice of the Government is
one way in one case, and another way in another
case. Where a State, or corporation, or individ-
ual, in order to advance money for the benefit of
the United States, has borrowed money and paid
interest on it, there the United States are to repay;
but where it did not borrow money, but had an
interest-bearing fund in its possession, stocks,
and sold those stocks to raise the money—that is,
disposed of an interest-bearing fund—there they
are to make it good in the same way. These are
the two cases in which the Government have been
m the habit of acting in this mahnei*; that is the
distinction. The effect of the provision which the
honorable Senator from Illinois makes bf this
amendment, is to introduce a principle in it which
the Government have always rejected; and that is,
to make them pay intereston advances wher^ifd
interest had been paid by the State or lost by. the
State, the effect of which is to destroy the original
amendment itself. , -
Now, sir, I merely want the effect of the
amendment understood before Senators vote upon
it, and then I am quite indifferent as to what the
result may be.
. ^.r* JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Mr. President,
if this proposition is to pass at all, I believe the
amendment offered by the Senator from Illinois
is nothing but justice—sheer justice. If I can
understand the object he has in view, it is that
where any of the States advanced money during
the war of 1812 to the General Government, to
enable her to carry on her operations, the Gen-
eral Government, if it pays back interest to any
portion of the States for funds they advanced,
shall pay back to all of them. The Government
received^the money from the one as well as tha
other. They received the money from the State
that borrowed it in order to loan it to her; but it
was of no more value to the General Government
than the money she received from those States
that had the money to loan in their treasuries.
The amendment of the Senator from Illinois pro-
poses to do equal justice; that the interest, if paid
to the one, shall be paid to the other. I cannot
comprehend the distinction that the one shall have
interest and the other not; and that the Govern-
ment of the United States, that borrowed from
each, shall be the judge as to whether she will
pay to the one and not to the other, because, at
the timo the loan was made, one was richer and
the other poorer. There is nothing whatever in
that idea that will strike the mind of any one as
equitable. There arc Senators who propose to
raise just there a barrier up to which they will go
in making appropriations by this Government to
pay back this class of debts; there are those who
agree to fix 011 that point, and to go to it, upon
theground that they can find something peculiarly
excellent in it, at which all the world hereafter
will stop. Sir, the Congress of the United States
hereafter will not stop at the point which Sena-
tors now propose to make, if they now go on
to pay part of the States interest, and refuse to
pay other States interest, they will not stop at that
point. It is folly to say that they will do so. We
know how these precedents are established; and
if you now say you will pay one and not the
other, a precedent will be established which can
be taken up and argued; so that you cannot, with-
out doing palpable injustice to others, refuse to
treat them in the same way. It seems to me, if
we are compelled to go forward to that point at
which we shall pay interest to one State, we must
pay interest, on the same principle and by the
same method of computation, to the others in the
same way.
I do not believe in this method of approaching
the Treasury. It is not a fran'k, open, and sin-
cere method of reaching the object. It goes on
to point out the case of a few States that have
claims withalittle greater equity than others have;
but the whole amount of that equity is that we
pay to those who made the greatest exertion to
loan, and refuse to pay those who had the greatest
capacity to loan. I would be glad to know if the
United States in her distress considered the dol-
lar furnished by the one, to protect or defend this
Government, worth more than the dollar fur-
nished by the other? I would be glad to know
if the State that had money in its treasury, and
was not compelled to borrow in order to loan to
the Government, was capable of less patriotism
and less exertion than the State that had none, but
had the credit on which to borrow? Sir, there is
no kind of honorable or honest distinction to be
drawn 011 that point. There is nothing that can
justify any one here, or anywhere else, when he
looks into the case, in saying; " I will not pay
interest to the man who loans me money who has
got it, and has no immediate use for it, but I will
pay interest to the one who has not the money,
and will go out and borrow the money and loan
it to me. There is nothing in that argument
that will stand the test of clear reason at all.
There is nothing that reaches tlie heart.
