I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
36th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
Missouri Contested Election—Mr. Blair.
Ho. of Kefs.
signed by J. R. Barret, on a man by the name of
Longuemaire,for money, with the statement that
he was a " regular horse to work," or a " regular
hard-worker." Upon the examination by Mr.
Barret I find this testimony:
" Question. What was the date of that order you saw
McDonnel have ?
" Answer. 1 don't believe there was any date to it.
<l Question. Wlien was it he showed it to you ?
"'Answer. The day after the election, when I lay in bed
at my house ?
" Question. Did he tell you where he got the order?
" Answer. No, sir.
" Question. The order was for no sum, I believe you
stated ?
, " Answer. No.
" Question. And in pencil ?
"Answer. Yes.
I " Question. And 110 date ?
" Answer. Not that I can recollect; f don't believe there
was any date to it. 3
" Question. And you say he wanted to get it cashed ?
11 Answer. He wanted to get the money for it, or to know
how he could get the money; he wanted to get the money
for it, at all events."
it will be seen by what follows that the sitting
member virtually recognized the order as genuine;
that by the questions h^ put he endeavored to ac-
count for it in some other manner, as having been
given for some other service. The testimony goes
on:
" Question. Did he tell you whether he got any money
on it?
Answer. TJe said he did not; that he went to Mr. Lon-
guemaire, and he sent him to Mr. Wade, and Mr. Wade
gave him no money.
" Question. Was not Captain Wade marshal of the pro-
cession on the Saturday night prior to the election?
" Answer. I don't know; I didn't see him.
Question. Did McDonnel say he was in that proces-
sion, carrying a torch or transparency?
" Answer. 1 enn't remember that he did say so; he said
he had been working hard lor the party."
Now, sir, if the sitting member had not given
this order, and there was no such order, why did
he not call upon the man to whom it was said the
order had been carried ? Why did he not call
Captain Wade and Mr. Longuemaire? The sit-
ting member could have called cither of these
men at any time ond shown the falsity of the
statement, if it was a false one; but he did not do
it, and the examination shows conciusively that
the order was given. The gentleman attempts to
show it was given for another purpose; but I have
shown that it was given for the exclusive purpose
which I allege.
There is other important evidence, which the
report of the minority slurs over. There is the
evidence of three different parties to the statement
of a man that he had received eighty dollars for
procuring fraudulent votes in the southern part of
the county, and a fifty dollar note from a man by
the name of Wegman, who was upon the ticket
with the sitting member. The proof is, that this
man was employed by Barret to obtain fraudu-
lent votes, and that he was occupied in obtaining
fraudulent votes. He states the amount which
he received for it. Wegman admits that he gave
him the note for fifty dollars, but pretends thatit
was for some other purpose.
The case of Bob Lynford is stated in this
minority report in a manner which is not in ac-
cordance with the evidence; and there are other
instances, where the evidence is given circumstan-
tially, which are slurred over by the minority^-
such as in the following instances  
[Here the hammer fell.]
[Mr. BARRET here addressed the House for
two hours.]
Mr. BLAIR, (contestant.) Mr. Speaker, in
reply to the gentleman who has just taken his
seat, I beg leave to state that the decorum which
ie due to this House prevents me from character-
izing the remarks with which he opened as they
deserve.
Mr. OORWIN. I will, with the permission
of the gentleman, make a suggestion. I am not
satisfied, myself, as to the vote which I ought to
give on this case,-and I wish to hear the argu-
ments and the proofs adduced with more conve-
nience than it is possible for me to have at this
late hour of the day. I presume that that may
be the case with others;and I do not think, with
whatever precipitancy we may do other kinds of
business here, that we will consider this matter
deliberately. I move that the House do now ad-
journ , and the gentleman can conclude his remarks
in the morning.
Mr. DAWES. I trust that the House will not
adjourn. There is a spccial order for to-morrow.
The question was taken; and the House re-
fused to adjourn.
Mr. BLAIR, (contestant.) Instead of dis-
cussing this case, the sitting member has given
himself very much to the discussion of my record,
about which I shall also have a fewwords to say.
But before going into that, I will notice what he
says in regard to my charging fraud upon the
district which once honored me. Because I have
charged and proved fraud and corruption upon
him and some of his tools, docs he mean to im-
personate the whole district?
Mr. HARDEMAN. I ask whether the gen-
tleman who raised the point of order on my friend
from Missouri [Mr. Barret] is no win the House ?
Mr. BINGHAM. I will inform the conscien-
tious gentleman from Georgia, when I was over-
ruled, 1 chose to submit to it. [Laughter.]
Mr. BLAIR, (contestant.) I will have nothing
to say in regard to the gentleman leaving the case
to twelve Republicans, or 10 one Republican, or
to a judge of the supreme court, or to any judge
belonging to the Republican party. He seems
exceedingly anxious to leave it to somebody else
than those who are the constitutional judges of
the question. He says that he is willing to resign
if any judge will say there are thirty illegal votes
cast for him. It does not require that! should
agree to that proposition. Let him submit'it.
Let him use his own pleasure, and let him select
his own judge.
One word in reference to the assertion that the
census taken by the city authorities, under a law
of the State, returns 24,000 legal voters in the city
of St. Louis. That is not according to the fact.
The abstract reads as follows:
Statu of Missouri, ?
County of St. Louis, ) '
Auditor's Office of the City of St. Louis,
November 29,1658.
T, Theodore Papin, auditor of the city of St. Louis, duly
commissioned and swoin, do hereby certify thntthc above
statement contains atiucand coireet transcript of the cen-
sus books, as returned by the cen<u< takers for the year
1858, and filed in this oflice according to law, showing the
ablegate number of tiie white male population over the
age of twenty-one years in the city of St. Louis and the
several waida theieof, and also showing the number of
Americans over twenty-one years, the number of natural-
ized foreigners, the numbei of foreigners having their first
naturalization papers, and the number of foreigners who
have not their fiiet natuiahzation papers, as appears by
said census books.
In testimony wheieof, I have, the day and year above
written, ret my hand.
THEODORE PAPIN, Auditor.
A man may be qualified in every other respect
as a voter; but if he lacks only one essential
quality, he is not a legal voter. Take the Ameri-
can-born citizens over twenty-one years of age, and
the naturalized foreigners, and a large number of
them may have been passing strangers in the city,
and still a larger number may have been residents
for a less time than would qualify them to vote.
A large number of persons are also included in
this census who were absent at the time; but be-
ing well-known citizens, and having their resi-
dences and families there, they are included in
the census return, as a matter of course. As wo
know, it is very frequently the case in northern
cities in midsummer, that their inhabitants go to
distant parts; and the same is true, to a much
greater extent, in reference to southern cities. But
the fact is directly stated by the sitting member,
or by those upon the same side with him. It is
a statement calculated to mislead, because the
enumeration of persons who have some essen-
tials as legal voters, but lacking others, are here
classified and attempted to be palmed off upon the
House as showing the aggregate number of legal
votes.
Passing, in reference to this census, once more,
allow me to allude to the scene enacted here the
other day upon the subject by the gentleman
from North Carolina, [Mr. Gilmer,] and reen-
acted here to-day in reference to my furnishing a
list to one of these persons who testified in refer-
ence to the census. It makes no difference who
furnished the list. The witnesses testified to the
truth of the list, and it was competent and within
the power of gentlemen to have gone down to the
auditor's office, and to have shown that it was
not true, if such was the fact. And all this scene
enacted by the gentleman from North Carolina
amounts to this:-that here is a statement'of a
transcript, or a copy^which the witness prepared
himself by a personal examination to prove, and
he testified in regard to \t\ an# if he had testified
falsely in respect to it, it was only necessary to
go two squares to verify or disprove His statement.
Now, sir, I will notice what'was said*in-regard
to my being a candidate upon the Bemon afid
Buchanan ticket in 1856. It is well known to fell
gentlemen that this election took place on the 2d'
of August, and that the election of Buchanan tooft
place in November. So there was no Bq^hanari
ticket in August. I have fortunately herea news-
paper which was the organ of the Democratic
party during that canvass. It is a paper called
the Evening Pilot, and it has the name of my
opponent, and of Buchanan and Breckinridge, at
its head. The reporter of that paper reported
a speech which I nnade at a place called Creve
Cceur and at a place called Florisant. And I will
read what he says about the ground I took in that
canvass; and I think it will satisfy gentlemen
that I practiced no deceit upon the people.
I now read from thi-s report:
" Creve Cceur, June 27, 1856.
" The meeting at this place to-day was larger than had
been anticipated. The three tickets in the field, however^
would make a very respectable appearance in point of num-
bers anywhere. Here they were well represented; and
their extreme friendliness and sociability was a matter of
genera! remark.
" After dinner the candidates wore marshaled. Mr. Blair
took his stand on a grocery wagon, and commenced his
haianguc. What this gentleman can mean by barefaced
avowals offree-soilism—by unblushing attack* and tiiades
against the Democracy—is something beyond our compre-
hension. Such a course might avail him, if persisted in,
withm sight of Faneuil Hall or within the precincts of
Chicago; but here, in the good State of Missouri, it cau
bring upon him nothing but reprobation. He entertained
the assemblage for over an hour, as Is his wont, with the
oidinary Black Republican rant and abuse. He took higher,
firmer ground m favor of the restoration of the Missouri
restriction than we have supposed he would dare to; boldly
stated that he was opposed to any further extension of
slavery} opposed to the admission of slave States."
I cannot let this report go out, especially the^
last sentence of it—that I was opposed to the ad-
mission of slave States—without making a cor-
rection. I never said anywhere that I was op-
posed to the admission of any more slave States.
But in every other respect this is, so far as it goes,
an accurate account of the positions which I took
in that canvass.
Now, inasmuch as the gentleman has read here
to-day an address issued to the people of Mis-
souri by a committee of which I was a member,
and to which my name was appended,lam pleased
to find in this very paper an article in reference
to that address, doing me the justice to note my
position as having disclaimed the address, and as
having disclaimed having signed my name to it;
as having disavowed its sentiments in toto, and
placed myself where I had ever stood. After
sotting out that part of the address which favored
the extension of slavery, the article proceeds thus:
" The promulgation of the doctrine of slaveiy extension,
and of that embodied in the Kansas-Nebraska act as a Ben-
ton article of faith, would be unpopular with those who
support Mr. Benton in £t. Louis, and who are expected "to
vote for Mr. Blair for.Congress; therefore the address is
put foith a-? the work of a committee. It is accompanied
with no editorial indorsement by the Daily Democrat, which
circulates almost exclusively in this city; and it is thw
morning repudiated.so tar as its pro-slavery and pro Kausas-
Nebratka ecntimuiis are concerned, by Mr. Blair, wiio is
a candidate for Congress in this district, and whose main
reliance for success is in the suppoit of the Free-Soilers,
who would, of course, be at once estranged fiom him did
he permit his name to he u^ed in the propagation of pro-
slavery opinions. Knowing Mr. Blair's pioverbial stuught-
forwardness and candor in avowing his political views, we
brlieve that Ins disclaimer is sincere, and his statement 111,
lefeience to the publication of the address bv the commit-
tee, before submitting it to him in detail, is true."
Nobody ever had any doubt aboutmy position
on the slavery question. The first political speech
I ever made m my life was in 1848, in support of
the nomination of Van Buren and Adams, in St.
Louis. I believe I had the honor to be the first
to raise my voice in a slave State in favor of that
ticket, and I never disavowed any doctrine that!
then promulgated. 1 never asked any quarter
from the propagandists of slavery. 1 was on the
ticket with the sitting member when we were both
Benton men. He having ceased to be one, he
now plumes himself on the votes that he claims
to have received, and asks the House to go back
