1838
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 24,
expansion and protection of slavery and slave-
labor, at tHe sacrifice of free labor, by the with-
drawn! of legislative protection from it. To ac-
complish the repeal of the laws which protected
free labor, then, as now, the South blustered and
threatened secession and treason. South Carolina
passed her ordinance and test act, so offensive and
treasonable in terms as to wring from the gentle
spirit of her Grimke, in her senate chamber, the
burning invective:
{e Your/)rd nance" * * * * " is the grave of
liberty, Before 1 will pollute my lips, or putjurc my ^otil
with your test oath, you may cut off my ritjht hand, and
nail it up as a finger-board to point my way to the gibbet."
That State became a military encampmcnt;the
cry-to arms was everywhere heard within her
borders, and the treasonable purpose of armed
resistance to the laws everywhere proclaimed.
Strange, sir, that armed resistance in South
Carolina to the national laws for the protection
of free labor should be hailed as patriotism, and
those who advised or attempted it crowned with
honors, while an old man, into whose soul the
iron of oppression has entered, who, m his wild
dream of duty, lifts his hand against the slave
laws of Virginia, hoping thereby to shiver the
fetters which bind four million of men and lift
them from the darkness of their prison-house into
the sunlight of liberty, is denounced as a traitor
and strangled as a felon. What part, sir, did the
President, who now complains of sectional strife,
play in this sectional raid upon the laws and the
interests of free labor, in this attempt to paialyze
the mighty arm of intelligent industry, in which
is the nation's strength, in order to secure in-
creased profits to the few, who produce by proxy
and live upon the unpaid toil of slaves?
Go read the record of his shameless surrender
of the interests and rights of free labor to the
rebels against the law, the conspirators against
the national prosperity. I commend that page
which records his conflict with honest John Davis,
of Massachusetts. Hear tins, our present com-
placent counselor and adviser against "sectional
hatred and strife," urge the sectional demands of
South Carolina, in words that should be remem-
bered only to blast lum: " Reduce," said he, ''the
standard of prices m this country, to the stand-
ard of prices m Europe, and you cover our country
with blessings and benefits." That is, make your
sons of honest toil, m your fields, and shops, and
mines, work for the pittance of sixpence a day, as
in plundered, oppressed, and fettered Spam, and
France, and Austria, and you cover our counti y—
that is, the non-laboi ing,m))i-produeing few of the
South—" with blessings and benefits." To allay
tills sectional strife, this demand was, to a great
extent, complied with.
Notwithstanding this suicidal change of the na-
tional policy,avowedly, to enable the slaveholder
to buy cheaper, and sell at an increased profit by
obtaininga reciprocal reduction of duties upon lus
slave products in the foreign morket; notwith-
standing this blow dealt by the Government upon
the mighty brotherhood of free intelligent indus-
try in the North, the free States, though inferior
in fertility and in chnitUe and territorial extent
and geographical position to the slave States,
maintained the ascendcncy in wealth, population,
intelligence; and, unless further interfered with
by additional sectional legislation, would inevita-
bly soon assert such an influence in the adminis-
tration of the Government as would permanently
restore the time-honored policy of protection to
free labor, North and South. That fact was made
apparent by the great political revolution of 1840,
anu die protective enactment of 1642. To check
this ever-inci easing political influence of free labor
—this triumph of "freedom over s!a\ery, of light
over darkness, of right over wrong—these same
pro-slavery sectionalism insisted upon the repeal
of the protective act of 1842, and the maintenance
by legislation of the political equilibi ium of the
slave with the free States. That was the propo-
sition of Mr. Calhoun, I regret that an intellect
so strong, and once so national as was his, could
be cribbed and fettered by this sectional spirit
which demanded legislation for the few to the last-
ing injury of the many. He yielded to the de-
mands of this sectional spirit, this slave interest,
and, as its champion, insisted that the advancing
column of free labor should be chockcd, and made
to halt in its rapid and sublime march to await the
lagging step of the fettered bondman.
To maintain this political equilibrium, having i
converted all the territory south of the thirty-sixth I
parallel into slave States, including Florida, all '
north was to be declared a trust held in common i
for the slave and free States, into which slavery
was to go with the citizen of the slave States, and
to be acknowledged and protected thereunder the
Constitution. This proposition involved theavoid-
ance or repeal of all that legislation which had, by
the consent of Monroe and Jackson and Van
Burcn and Polk, forever excluded slavery from
the national Territories between the compiomise
line of 1820and the Pacificocean. It was but the
announcement of that political blasphemy and
atheism which declares that it is right to enslave
labor, to take away by law from honest toil and j
honest endeavor and honest purpose its just re- 1
ward—proclaiming that a man shall not reap where
he has sown; that he shall not enjoy the fruit of
his own tod; that the roof-tree which his own
hands have reared shall not be for shelter or de-
fense to him or his children.
To maintain the equilibrium of the slave with
the free States, the Federal Government must,
by legislation, counteract the laws of population
and growth; must essay to annul the great law
of human progress, the law of civilization, that
they who cultivate the land shall possess it.
Intelligence, the central orb m our industrial, po-
litical, and social system, must pale its splendors
m the darkening shadows of a perpetual and ever-
increasing despotism, that the political equilib-
rium of the slave States may be maintained. To
accomplish this end, this sectional party further
demanded that a foreign slave State, as large in
territorial extent as New York, Pennsylvania, and
Ohio, should be annexed as a slave State to the
Union, for the twofold purpose of furnishing to
VirginuVa new maiket m which to make mer-
chandise of her children, and securing to a sparse
slave population of two hundred thousand a sen-
atorial representation equal to that of the Empire
State with her three million freemen.
The proposition shocked right-minded citizens
and patriots of all parties and of all sections. The
great commoner of Kentucky opposed it as a vi-
olation of the nation's plighted faith, and, with
the prescience of a seer, proclaimed that its ac-
complishment would involve the country in the
two greatest of all national calamities—national
dishonor and national icar. That pure and noble.
, man, Mr. J. Q. Adams, who, for fifty years,
! had stood a warder of ciwhzation and liberty,
denounced it as treason to the nghtsof man. The
once c.hoypji of the Democracy to the Chief Ma-
gistracy, Mr. Van Uuren, also denounced it as
dangerous to the peace and honor of the country.
This proposition, sir, was the veiy incarnation
of that demon spirit of sectional strife. This
sectional party banded together and trampled
down the good men and true who rejected, with
honest scorn, the monstrous purpose. They
persecuted the lion-hearted Kentuckian to his
grave, and, aided by such traitors to the right
in the North as the present Chief Magistrate,
they hunted down the noble and patriotic Silas
Wright.
In accomplishing this infamy this party com-
mitted a wanton, deliberate violation of that j
Constitution which the immediate actors m this
wrong were sworn to support—that Constitution
which those same gentlemen have now the au-
dacity to say is with them sacred as life itself!
Where, sirs, was your reverence for the Consti-
tution when the treaty-making power—the only
power tinder the Constitution which can contract
with foreign States—was struck down; its solemn
rejection of the proposed contract ot Texan an-
nexation treated with contempt and set aside by
the WK'kcd and flagitious joint resolutions, sus-
tained by a majority of oim in the Senate, and by
which Texas came into the Union? This perfid-
ious act of aggression was no sooner done, your
banner of liberty was no sooneradvanced to wave
m solemn mockery over a land of slaves in this
newly-acquired domain, than this party took an-
other step forward m this war of aggression, and
asserted that the left bank of the Rio Grande was
the western boundary of this new slave State, and,
to establish it, sent the Army of the United States
forward, under the lead but against the protest of
that brave man, Zachary Taylor. You did es-
tablish and mark that line, not only by the waters
of that river, rolling in silent majesty from the
mountains to the sea, but you maiked it as well
by an ineffaceable, crimson line of blood.
Having thus fixed the Texan boundary, this
sectional party demanded indemnity for the past
and security for the future. Indemnity, sir, for
what? Not for what we lost, but for what we
took and held by force, and without color of right.
Security for what? Not security for a violated
Constitution; not security for the rights of free-
men and free labor, which had been cloven down;
but security for the " great humanitarian fact,"
as the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Curry]
called the institution of slavery. To this end this
sectional party, by the national arm, conquered
largo portions of Mexico and annexed them, soft-
ening* the venality of the act by the formula of a
constrained treaty of peace at Guadalupe Hidalgo.
That these acquisitions were made for this pur-
pose, lefcthe subsequent conduct of this sectional
party bear witness.
California, a portion of this Mexican acquisi-
tion, was rich m gold, in a genial climate, in a
fruitful soil, and commanding m geographical and
commercial position. Such a country was not
without strong attractions to an ardent, energetic,
and adventurous people. They forsook all the
endearments and burst away from all the ties of
home and kindred, and took possession of the
land of gold. Anation was born in a day. A new
State was thus created as by magic, washed by
the quiet wave and guarded by the Golden Gate
of the great Pacific The people of California
and also of New Mexico formed each a free con-
stitution, and hand in hand they enme, in the white
robes of freedom, asking for admission as free
States into the Union. This constitutional exer-
cise of the right of petition was made the occasion
for a wild storm of sectional agitation.
In the midst of the tumult the brave patriot,
President Taylor, the chosen of the people, resi-
dent m the South, but not of this sectional party;
full of years and full of honors; calm and collected,
just and honest,with a patriarchal simplicity,said,
let these new free States come in; there is room
for them m the paternal mansion—in that great
Union built for freedom by those mighty men
of old whom God taught to build for glory and
for beauty. No, cried this sectional party, we
insist that the proposed constitutions cmbiace too
much territory for perpetual freedom: those Ter-
ritories must be divided; a part of these great re-
gions at least must be kept m reserve for slavery;
they, together with Utah, must be divided by the
thiity-sixth paiallel. That was the ultimatum;
it must be acceded to, or the Union should perish.
These sectional partisans hissed like so many
serpents upon the path of the brave old man, Pres-
ident Taylor, whose whole life had been spent in
the camp or on the battle-field. He was denounced
as a traitor—not to his country, but to the slave
interest—and was hunted, with a relentless perse-
cution, to his grave. He adhered, thank God—ho
adhered with more than an eastern devotion, to
the right of the people and the highest interests of
the country. Thus steadfast in his great purpose,
the last summons came, not too soon for him, but
too soon for us. Death laid his hand upon that
monly form,and at its touch his great and noble
spint departed, articulating those grand words,
noble as ever fell from hero's or patriot's lips be-
fore, " I have tried to do my duty." Sir, it was
not in the field of poised battle; it was not when
the earthquake and the fire led the charge; it was
nof when victory, with Us lance-light anil triumph
singing, threw its splendors around the person of
that heroic man, that his great character so fully
revealed itself, as in that dread hour, and the
near coming of the shadow of death, when he
said "kl hiive tried to do my duty."
When all was over, when the strong arm which
had conquered and the clarion voice which had
commanded in the storm of battle were powerless
and hushed, those who had assailed lus motives—
who had resisted his purposes of justice and fair-
dealing with the young Pacific States; those sec-
tional agitators and aggressors took fresh courage,
whispering, like gibbering ghosts above his per-
ished dust," after life's fitful fever he sleeps well."
The agitation, the aggression, the conspiracy
against free principles, free-labor, and equal rights,
went on. California was admitted: but New Mex-
ico was rejected, and remanded to the condition of
a territorial organization, with the concession to
the slave interest that Congress should not then
