1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
doomed to eat the bread of sorrow and poverty.
Let the Republican party, whose sympathies are
so deeply excited in behalf of the negroes of the
South, go and look upon the paupered thousands
and tens of thousands of their white brethren,
throughout the northern States of 'the Confedcr-
•- acy, and bestow upon them their philanthropy
and charity, instead of'teaching; their misguided
people, by their doctrines and professed princi-
ples, to expend their money for pikes and Sharp's
rifles, with which to murder their brethren of the
South. Let them go and expend their money
and their sympathies upon the suffering thousands
whose heart-rending wail is heard every day in
the midst of their large cities. Let them go "and
minister to the wants of suffering humanity at
home, and-lct us and our domestics alone, who
are never in want-for food, clothing, or shelter.
The unfaltering determination evinced by the
North to deprive us of our slave property, at the
Eeril of our peace, our lives, our families, our
omes, and the Union, manifested in so many
unmistakable ways, has produced, in the bosom
of a majority of the southern people, a feeling of
dislike, yea, I may almost say, hatred, towards
the people of the North. It is useless to disguise
the fact. I announce it with emotions of regret.
The southern people regard those men who are
engaged in carrying on this "irrepressible con-
flict" against them as their enemies. By the doc-
trines they inculcate they induce others to rob us
of our property—they render it less secure every
day; and let me assure you, in all honesty and
sincerity, that unless this Black Republican party
is disbanded, and its programme of principles and
policy changed, self-preservation will imperiously
demand a dissolution of our social, commercial,
and Federal relations with the Worth, or a surren-
der of our property, and submission to the most
humiliating inferiority. One or the other of these
alternatives is inevitable; which of the two we
will accept, no man of honor or spirit can doubt.
Sir, the people of the South everywhere are
being fully aroused to the impending dangers that
surround them. The innocent blood of Vir-
ginia's sons is crying to them from the ground,
and they know not but the day and the hour are
near by when other portions of their fair heritage
will be drenched in blood, and they shall hear the
agonizing cries and bitter lamentations of their
own wives and children. Sir, I am no alarmist;
1 utter but the words of soberness and truth, when
I aver that the great body of the southern people
are firmly and resolutely resolved to submit to no
additional infringements of their constitutional
rights. They have yielded to the loss of one
after another, until patriotic forbearance ceases to
be a virtue.
Now, sir, I desire simply to state (not argue)
what the South demands, and is entitled to, if she
is to be permitted to occupy a position of equality
with the rest of the Union:
1. That the fugitive slave act shall remain upon
the statute-book, and be faithfully executed.
2. That the territories of the United States—
being common property, held in trust by the Gen-
eral Government for the benefit and joint occu-
pancy of the people of all the States—shall be
free for the people of the South to take their slave
property; and, if necessary, the protection of the
General Government shall be extended to it.
3. That if other slave States shall be formed
out of the common territory, with a constitution
republican in form, they shall be admitted into
the Union upon an equality with the thirteen ori-
ginal States.
4. That slavery shall not be interfered with in
the*District of Columbia, or other territory of the
United States, by the General Government.
5. That there shall be no restriction upon the
inter-State slave trade.
These the southern States regard as great con-
stitutional rights, necessary to the preservation
of the South and her slave property; and when-
ever denied, she will, in my opinion, absolve her-
self, either by revolution or otherwise, fiom all al-
legiance to the Union, and take the consequences,
whether for weal or woe.
Sir, let me now call the attention of the country
to some of the rights that have been wrested
from the slaveholding States, the denial of which
would have prevented forever the adoption of the
Federal Constitution. Did our patriotic fathers
ever suppose that the time would come, m the
history of this Republic, when the people of one
portion of the Confederacy would not be per-
mitted to travel, either by water or land, through
the other portion,, with a female slave, to wait on
their families, or nurse their children ? If I desire-
to bring with me my wife and infant child to this
District—the capital of the nation—that I may
enjoy their socicty while I am here transacting
the business of the country, I am compelled to
go to Illinois or elsewhere, and hire a white ser-
vant, though I may have a dozen female slaves at
home unemployed. The Constitution, I admit,
authorizes me to bring my property here. Butdoes
not every man know, even the distinguished gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Corwin,] that it is in-
operative for the protection of my slave property
in passing through the free States, and especially
Ohio ? And who have brought about this diseased
public sentiment, but the very party with whom
that gentleman is now acting? Societies are also
formed in their midst, whose avowed purpose it
is to send emissaries among us to seduce and
entice our slaves away; material aid, convey-
ances, and protection, furnished to enable them
to escape beyond our reach; and the very thieves,
their aiders and abettors, who are engaged in it,
sustained and honored at the North.
"We are boldly told upon this floor, in the tone
of self-satisfaction, that if they see 0^' property
escaping from us they will not lift a hand'to save
it. This is evidently the feeling and sentiment of
a majority of the Black Republican party of this
House, with whom the conservative gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Corwin] is acting, and seeking,
by the influence of his great name and great tal-
ents, to elevate to the administration of this Gov-
ernment. And this same party publish and send
among us incendiary books and papers calculated
and designed to incite our slaves to arson, mur-
der, and insurrection. You associate in your plat-
form polygamy with slavery, and denounce us as
criminals and barbarians; and yet you call us
your brethren; expect us to remain upon terms of
social intercourse with you; to patronize your
merchants and workshops; to buildup yourcities,
and enrich your people?. If the southern people
continue longer to do it, unless you change your
conduct towards them, I can only say, that they
ignominiously " kiss the hand that smites them;"
and deserve, and should receive, the universal
contempt and execration of mankind.
But, sir, this is not all. Men from the North,
educated in the school of Seward, Garrison, Phil-
lips, and Beechcr, and their allies, have invaded
the territory of a sovereign State, murdered her
citizens, and sought to place weapons in the hands
of her slaves, with which to massacre her men,
women, and children,and spread death and deso-
lation throughout her borders. This infamous
and atrocious act has been indorsed by a portion
of the people in all the non-slaveholding States.
The prominent actor in this deed of treason, mur-
der, and insurrection, has been eulogized as a hero
and proclaimed a martyr. On the day when he
was required, by the violated laws and offended
majesty of a sovereign State, to satisfy the just
penalty of his enormous crimes, the "northern
heart" manifested its grief, and poured out its
sympathy for the thief and the murderer, by the
tolling of bells, the firing of cannon, religious cere-
monies, and public meetings, at which the entire
South were denounced, in a spirit of unsurpassed
bitterness and malignity.
Now, sir, while I do not believe that the ma-
jority of the people of the North indorse or ap-
prove of the act of John Brown, yet it is evident
What the infamous and atrocious sentiments enun-
ciated by his sympathizers are the natural and
legitimate fruits of the general and incessant war
made upon the South by the Republican party
and its adjuncts—Garrison, Phillips, Beecher,and
their fanatical clan.
The mission of the Black Republican party is
to render slavery odious and detestable in tlnjeyes
of the northern people. They denounce the slave-
holder in the most bitter and vindictive terms.
They apply to him the most violent and oppro-
brious epithets, by speech and resolution, m the
pulpit and the press. And thus they sink the
character of the southern people in the estima-
tion of the North, and produce in their bosoms
feelings of rancor and hate; and, in consequence
of this course of conduct, similar feelings are ex-
cited in the breast of the southern people against
them; that feeling is unquestionably increasing
in the South to a most fearful extent. .
I now predict, that unless a revolution shall
take place in the public Sentiment of the North,
(of which I have no hope,) within the next twelve
months, no man from that section of the Union
will be permitted to travel through the southern
States, unless he brings with him evidences of
conservative feelings and sentiments towards the
people of the South and its domestic institutions.
Self-protection will impose upon the South the
necessity of such action.
Senator Wade, of Ohio, the representative of
the Black Republican party of that State, said, in
1856:
" There is really no Union now between the North and
the South; and he believed that no two nations upon the
earth entertain feelings of more bitter rancor towards cach
other than these two nations of the Republic."
Sir, I concur with that Senator, and aver that,
in my opinion, this hostility between the North
and the South—I mean that portion of the North
that belongs to the Sewakd and Garrison school
of politics—is equally as strong as that which ex-
isted between the people of the colonies and Eng-
land during our revolutionary struggle. We think
that your actual and purposed violation of our legal
and constitutional rights, considering the relation
that we sustain to you, is more oppressive and in-
sufferable than those committed by the mother
country against the colonies; and if you shall suc-
ceed in obtaining the control of this Government,
and seek to enforce your avowed slave policy—as
I understand it, and as 1 shall presently presentit—
I cannot sec how the South, if true to her rights, .
her honor, and her self-respect, can submit. She
cannot, she will not, be forced to remain in the
Union, except upon terms of equality. Thcsouth-
ern people are warmly devoted to the Union and
the Constitution, with its guarantees enforced.
Thev remember with holy affection the mighty
sacrifices that were made, the priceless Wood that
was shed, to aehicve it. They dwell with delight
upon the glorious associations and hallo wed mem>-
ones that cluster around it. They appreciate, in
all its length and breadth, the value of theUnion.
But when it fails to afford to them, their families,
and their property, the security and protection
which it was designed to do; when its plain pro-
visions are perverted, and made the instruments
of their oppression, they will not, they ought not,
to hesitate for a single moment to sever every tie
that binds them to the Union.
I am not, sir, to be regarded as a disunionist.
1 pray God that the day may never come when
this Union shall be dissolved. I fervently hope
that the " sober second thought" of the people of
the non-slaveholding States will enable them to
see the breakers ahead that must inevitably dash
the ship of State to atoms, and that they will
speedily reverse their action, observe the guaran-
tees of the Constitution, and again seek to restore
the fraternal feeling that once existed between the
northern and southern sections of the Confeder-
acy.
Now,Mr. Chairman, I desire to state distinctly
to the House and the country, what we of the
1. To abolish slavery in the District of Colum-
bia.
2. To excludfe slavery from all the Territories
of the United States, and thereby restrict it to its
present limits.
3. To prohibit the slave trade between the-
States.
4. To repeal the fugitive slave act, or so modify
its provisions as to render it inoperative. ■
5. To remodel theSupreme Cotirtof the United
States, if necessary for the accomplishment of
these purposes.
That these unconstitutional and oppressive
measures will be adopted, should they obtain the
control of all the departments of the Government,
I conclude is evident, not only from the declara-
tion of their leaders, but from the principles which
they avow. The declared andfundamentalaxioms
of their creed are: " That all men, without dis-
tinction of color, are entitled to the enjoyment of
liberty. That the institution of slavery is 8 sm;
that slavery is a relic of barbarism; that it is a
crime against God and man; that it is founded in
injustice and cruelty; that it shall and must be
