1840
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 24.
God of the oppressed, comes down in terrible
retribution upon the master at the helm, and he
falls a lifeless corpse upon the deck. His body-
is.consigned with that of his captive, who had
gone before, to the same silent' burial in the deep
waters, there to rest until the sea gives up its
dead!
'On-the 27th of August, 1839, the United States
bpig Washington captured the vessel and crew
offthecoast of*the United States, and brought her
into the port of New London, Connecticut. The
officers of the brigfiled a libel in the district court
of the United States for the district of Connecticut
against the vessel, cargo, and slaves, for salvage.
On the 29th of August, 1839, Ruiz and Montez
filed in that court claims to the negroes as their
slaves, and claimed the right to hold them under
the treaty of 1795. The United States attorney
for the districtof Connecticut filed an information,
stating that the minister of Spam had claimed of
the Government of the United States that the ves-
sel, cargo, andslaves,should be restored under the
provisions of the treaty of 1795, between Spam and
the United States. On the 23d of January, 1840,
the district judge made a decree in the case, wherein
is recited the decree of the Government of Spain,
made December, 1817, prohibiting the slave trade,
and declaring all negroes brought into the domin-
ions of Spain byslave traders free, and enjoining
the execution of the decree on all officers of Spain
in all her dominions.
The court decided thatthese Africans were kid-
napped, and could not be held or claimed under
the treaty of 1795. From this decree the United
States, in pursuance of the demand of the minis-
ter of Spain, duly accredited to the United States,
appealed to the circuit court of the United States
for the district of Connecticut. The circuitcourt
affirmed the decree of the district court in the
premises: and from this decrce of the circuit court
the United States appealed to the Supreme Court.
At the January term, 1841,of the Supreme Court
of the United Suites, this great cause came on to
be heard upon the claim of Ruiz and Montez to
these Africans as their slaves, and the answer of
the kidnapped Africans, that they were natives of
Africa, born free, and of right ought to be free,
and not slaves; that in the land of their nativity
they were unlawfully kidnapped and forcibly, and
against their will, and under circumstances of
great cruelty, carried to Cuba. Spain and the
"Spanish claimants," Ituiz and Montez, were
ably represented on the trial of the cause by the
Attorney General of the United States, Mr. Gil-
pin. These Africans, captives in a strange land,
awaited with fear the issue, in the prisons of Con-
necticut. To the honor of our country, and of
our common humanity, these captives found an
advocate m one of the most remarkable men of his
time or any time, now gone, the profound and il-
lustrious John GLuincy Adams—that venerable
man who had filled the highest and most respons-
ible trusts of his country, and had conferred
honor upon each. After an absence of a third of
a century from the presence of that great tribunal,
Mr. Adams appeared to plead the cause of the
poor, the oppressed, and defenseless. He said:
" 1 appear to plead the cause of janicc," * * ^ *
"of liberty, and lile, in behalf of many of my fellow-men,
before that same court which, in a former age, i had ad-
dressed in suppoit of the rights of property."
Touching was his allusion to the fact that he
stood before the same court, but not before the same
judges—Marshall and Ins groat associates were
gone to join the illustrious dead. Stronger than
any formal argument was his statement:
"This court isacomtof mstire; and in^heo demand-?
that the rights of each party should be allowed to him^eiiV
It was in vain that the treaty of 1795 was set
up by the Attorney General ay securing to Iluiz
and Montez the right to hold these men, women,
and children as their chattels, against their para-
mount right to themselves, by the law of nature
and of nature'sGod. The court decided the case;
and, by their solemn judgment, declared that the
kidnapped Africans were free, and should be dis-
missed from custody, and go hence without day.
They did go hence. They went back to their own
country, under the protection of our flag, singing
their simple songs of thanksgiving to Him and
His servants, who had delivered them from the
hand of the spoiler.
How comes it, sir, that the President has so
high a regard for the decision of the Supreme
Court in the Dred Scott case, and so profound a
contempt for its decision in the Amistad case? Is
it because the Dred Scott case is adecision against
liberty and life, and the Amistad case a de-
cision in favor of liberty and life? By what
logicdoes the Presidenthold the one bindingupon
us, and the other not binding upon us? He rec-
ommends an appropriation to be made by us to
be paid to Spain, to be distributed among these
Spanish claimants, "because," he says, "they
are clearly entitled to restitution under the treaty
of 1795." Appropriate out of your Treasury
money to be paid to Ruiz and Montez to the
amount of the value of fifty-three human souls.
Have you that amount in your Treasury? What
is the value of a human soul? The question,
" What will a man give in exchange for his soul?"
has been asked, but neveranswered. In keeping
with this recommendation of the President, to pay
those Spanish claimants for their kidnapped Afri-
cans, is that other recommendation for the pur-
chase of Cuba and her six hundred thousand slaves,
at a price. As a Representative and citizen of the
United States, I beg leave to protest against this
attempt to convert this Government into a mere
pirate and slavetrader.
This traffic in slaves is condemned and outlawed
by all civilized nations. By statute we have de-
clared this traffic on the high seas piracy, and
punishable with death. By our treaty at Ghent,
with Great Britain, we have solemnly declared,
without respect to time or place, that " the traffic
in slaves is irreconcilable with the principles of
humanity and justice," and that both Great Brit-
am and the United States " are desirous of con-
tinuing their efforts to promote its entire aboli-
tion;" and it is thereby agreed " that both the
contracting parties shall use their best endeavors
to accomplish so desirable an object." (United
States Statutes at Large, vol. 8, p. 223.) The
President gravely says that we should annex
Cuba in order to put an end to the African slave
trade, and that until this is done there is no hope
for benighted Africa. The sincerity of the Pres-
ident's professions of sympathy for " benighted
Afi ica" might not tax our credulity quite so much
if the President had executed our laws against
this traffic at home, and if he had not asked us to
pay these Spaniards for kidnapping Africa's chil-
dren.
This Cuban annexation is only another attempt
by legislation to maintain the political equilib-
rium of the slave with the free States, by the in-
crease of slave lepresentation m Congress. While
this sectional party thus press these sectional
measures upon us and upon the country, with
equal zeal they resist all attempts to enact into a
law that much needed and beneficent national
measure, the homestead bill, which has thrice
passed this House, and has been as ofton defeated
by this sectional party m the Senate. That meas-
ure, sir, which would give free homes to the home-
less families of all our citizens, North and South,
(and m the latter section they are legion,) finds
no favor in this message, and was but the other
day resisted and attempted to be defeated by the
vote of every Representative of the slave interest,
sa\c one, on this floor. This measure would
fill our vast Territories with a free and industri-
ous population; would greatly increase the num-
ber of landed proprietors, and the measure of our
wealth; it would secure to every family the means
of acquiring that competence which, politically
speaking, is the very rock of life, on which the
citizen may stand erect, unawed by power, un-
bnbed by gain, ready to return the supercilious
sneer, to smile at the haughty frown, to give to
truth its due force, and scorn 4< the embroidered
lie."
This measure, so just, so national, and benefi-
cent, is resisted by this sectional party. There
stands the long list of aggressions of this sectional
Democratic party, to which, in the brief time
allowed me, I have but referred:
The repeal of the laws for the protection of free
labor; the repeal of the laws for the protection of
freedom and free labor in the Territories; the con-
quest of foreign territory for slavery; the admis-
sion into the Union of a foreign slave State; the
rejection by this sectional party of the homestead
bill; the restriction of the right of petition; the res-
toration of fugitive slaves atthe national expense;
the attempt to reward slave pirates for kidnapping
Africans; the attempt to acquire Cuba, with her
six hundred thousand slaves; the attempt to fasten
upon an unwilling people a slave constitution;
the attempt to enact a sedition law, thereby re-
stricting the freedom of the press and the freedom
of speech, in direct violation of the Constitution,
which declares that Congress shall make no law
abridging either; and the attempt, by extra-judi-
cial interference to take away from the people and
their Representatives the power to legislate for
freedom and free labor in the Territories.
Mr. M1LLSON. Mr. Chairman, I did not
want to interrupt the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Bingiiam] when he was upon the floor. Now
that he has concluded, I wish to make a remark
or two. The gentleman spoke in very harsh terms
of a law for which I gave my vote some years
ago—the fugitive slave law. He denounced it as
unconstitutional, and he seemed to denounce it
only because itwas unconstitutional. The ground
upon which he held it to be unconstitutional was,
because the execution of the law is confided, not
to the Federal judiciary, but to commissioners
appointed by the United States courts.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman uses lan-
guage which 1 did not myself use.
Mr. M1LLSON. The gentleman does not seem
to be aware, or, if he is, it has not been the sub-
ject of complaint with him, that white men at this
moment are undergoing imprisonment in the exe-
cution of the laws by these very commissioners.
If a murder be committed upon the high seas, or
within the jurisdiction of the United States; if
piracy or robbery or any other crime be commit-
ted upon the high seas, or within the jurisdiction
of the United Suites, the offender, when arrested,
is brought before these very commissioners np-
pointrd by the judges, and there is no complaint
of the unconstitutionality of the law. I ask the
gentleman whether he holds the fugitive slave law
of 1793 to bo unconstitutional ?
Mr. BINGHAM. I will say to the gentleman
that there is a very great difference between the
act of 1850 and the act of 17§3.
Mr. M1LLSON. Does the gentleman regard
the fugitive slave law of 1793as unconstitutional?
Mr^BlNGHAM. I have just this to say: that
the people of this country were perfectly content
with that act, inasmuch as it received the appro-
bation of the patriots of that early day—men
whose patriotism is never callcd in question. If
the gentleman wants to enter into a discussion
with me with respect to the relative merits of the
law of 1793 and the law of 1859, I am ready.
The two statutes are entirely different.
Mr. M1LLSON. The gentleman, then, does
not deny the constitutionality of the law of 1793.
He says that the people were satisfied with it and,
by implication, that he was satisfied with it. Let
me tell the gentleman that that act of 1793 is lia-
ble to the same objection that he makes to the act
of 1850, because its provisions authorize the sur-
render of fugitive slaves by justices of the peace
commissioned by the States. It has, too, been
constantly held by the courts of the United States,
and by courts of the States, that where a judge or
justice of the peace is authorized to execute any
of the Federal laws, he acts in a ministerial ca-
pacity, and not m a judicial capacity; because this
Government cannot confer judicial powers upon
the officers of the States. I mention this for the
purpose of showing that the act of 1793—the act
the gentleman says he is satisfied with—is just as
chargeable with the unconstitutionality of which
he complains as is the act of 1850.
Mr. BINGHAM. The highest recommenda-
tion of the fugitive slave act of 1793, with me, is
the very provision to which the gentleman refers,
to wit: the recognition of the right of the State
judicial officers to determine questions relative to
personal liberty.
Mr. FOSTER addressed the committee. [His
speech will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. NOELL. Mr. Chairman, if I had con-
sulted my own feelings, independent of public
considerations, I should not have attempted to
address the committee. Already I have spoken
enough to satisfy any personal wish. But, sir,
in my judgment, the real issues between the Dem-
ocratic party and its enemies have not been fairly
laid down and considered. I have sought the
floor for the sole purpose of pointing out what I
consider to be the questions involved, and of pla-
cing political parties on their real platforms.
I am not surprised that the leaders of the Repub-
