THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
abolished." Entertaining these false and fanat-
ical heresies, appealing as they do to the worst pas-
sions and prejudices of the northern people, driving
thetti onward, step by step, in their mad career,
I must confcss that f see but little hope for the
perpetuation of this Union. Thty ought,to know,
&nd do know, that the southern people never can,
and never will, submit to the enforcement of their
creed.' They ought to know, and do know, that
the principles and policy for which they are con-
tending toll, if reduced to practice, disrupt every
■tie that exists between the two sections of the Con-
federacy, and rend asunder every ligament that
binds this Union together.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I desire to call the atten-
tion of the country to the principles, declarations,
and purposes of the leaders of the Black Repub-
lican party, as expressed by themselves, in order
that I may not be* charged with having misrepre-
sented them:
Senator Wilson, Republican, of Massachu-
setts, said:
" Let us remember that more than throe million bond-
men, groaning under nameless wot-s, demand that we shall
cease to reprove each other, and that wc labor for their de-
liycrance.
"I tell you here to-night, that the agitation of this ques-
tion of human slavery will continue while the toot of a
Slave presses the soil of the American Republic.
{k Wo shall change the Supreme Court of the United
States, and place men in that court who believe with its
pare and immaculate Chief Justice, John Jay, that our
prayers \VHl be impious to Heaven, while we sustain and
support human slavery."
Senator Sumner, Republican, of Massachu-
setts, said:
" The good citizen, as he reads the requirements of this
act, (the fugitive tflave,) is filled with horror." * * *
" Here the path of dtity is clear. I am bound to disobey this
apt." * * * " Sir, I will not dishonoi this home
of the Pilgrims and of the Revolution by admitting—-nay,
I cannot believe—that this bill will be executed hero."—
Charles Sumner, October, 1850, in Boston, and jiu.gu.st 93,
1852, hi the United Slates Senate.
Senator Sumner, November, 1855:
(t Not that 1 love the Unibn less, hut freedom more, do I
 pw, in pleading this great cause, insist that freedom, at
all hazards, shall be preserved."
William H. Seward, Republicati, in the Sen-
ate of the United States, said:
" The Constitution regulates our stewardship. The Con-
stitution devotes the domain to union, to justice, to de-
fehse, to welfare, to liberty. Cut there is a higher law than
the Constitution', which regulates our authority ovei the
domain, and devotes it to the same put poses."
Josiah Gtuincy, a Republican, of Boston:
"The obligation incumbent on the free States to deliver
up fugitive slaves is that burden, and it must bo obliterated
from the Constitution at every hazard,-"
Horace Mann, a Republican, of Massachu-
setts, said:
"I have only to add, under a full sense of my responsi-
bility to my country and my God, I deliberately say, better
disunion, better a cial or servile war, better anything that
God in his providencc shall send, than an extension of the
hounds of slavery."
Mr. BtTRLiNGA.WE, a Republican Congressman,
said :
"The times demand, and we must have, an anti-slavery
Constitution, an anti-slavery Bible, and an anti-slaverv
God." '
Burlingame, again:
" When wc shall have elected a President, as we will,
who will not betfoe President ofaparty, nor of a section, but
tlia tribune of a people; and after v?e nave exterminated a
few more miserable douprtifaces from the North, then, if the
slave Senate will not give way, we will grind it between
the upper and nether millstones of our gower."
_ Abraham Lincoln, of Illinois, a leading Repub-
lican of the West, said:
"I believe this Government cannot endure permanently
half slave and half free, I do not expect the house to fall
but I do expect it will cease to be divided. It will become
all one thing or the other. Either the opponents of slavery
will arr'eit th? further spread of it, and place it where the
public mind shall test in the belief that the course of ulti-
iftats ettinction, or its advocates will push forward till it
Shall Igcome alike lawful in all the States—old as well as
new, North as well as South." '
General James Watson Webb, a Republican
leader, said, tn the Philadelphia convention:
, ''If.we Cm™nilW Abolitionists! fell there, [at the
ballot box,] what 0>en? We will drive it [slaved back!
w h?h^rip 7'** belie™S ^ «° *
Horace Greeley, a Republican:
"I have no doubt but the free and.slave States ousht to
be separated. Tlie Union is not Worth supportinz in cori
flection with the South." s D
General James Watson Webb, a Republican
editor:
" On the aetion of this (the Republican) conventlu,
depends the fate of the country; ifthe Republicans fail at the
ballot-box, we will be forced to drive back the slaveocracy
with fire and sword."
The New York Tribune, while the Nebraska
bill was before Congress:
((Better that confusion should ensue; better that discord
sjiould leign in the national councils; better that Congress
should break up in wild disorder; nay, better that the Cap-
itol itself should blaze by the torch of'the incendiary, or
fall and bury all its inmates beneath its crumbling ruins,
than that this perfidy and wrong should be finally accom-
plished."
Judge Spalding, of Ohio, in the Republican
convention: •
" In the case of the alternative being presented of the
continuance of slaveiyor a dissolution of the Union, I am
for dissolution, and I care not how quick it comes."
These declarations of the leaders and organs of
that party conclusively prove that it is their de~
termined purpose never to cease their assaults
upon the institution of slavery until it is abolished
(peaceably if they can, forcibly if they must) or
the Union dissolved.
Sir, we are told by Republicans in this House,
and the aiders, abettors, and sympathizers of their
party, in my own district and State, that the lead-
ers of the Democratic party and such politicians
as myself, outside of that organization, are re-
sponsible for the slavery agitation with all its fear-
ful co seq\tgjces.
I propose, for a moment, to examine into this
responsibility, and ascertain, if I can, where it
rests, I remark, sir, that the first serious agita-
tion of the rights of slaveholders commenced in
1820, when my own State, with a constitution, re-
publican in form, applied for admission into the
Union. She was resisted by the Senators and
Representatives of the free States on account of
her slavery toleration. A violent and fearful strug-
gle ensued which was finally' setted by the adop-
tion of the unjust and unconstitutional Missouri
restriction, prohibiting slavery north of 36° 30'.
Mr. Jefferson, knowing that the southern people
were joint owners with the northern people in all
the territories of the Union, and entitled to an
equal participation in the enjoyment thereof, never
uttered a truer prediction* than when he said, in
reference to the Missouri restriction, that—
11A geographical line, coinciding with a marked princi-
ple, moial and political, once conceived and held up to the
angry passions of men, will never be obliterated, and every
new irritation will maik it deeper and deeper."
And in the same connection, he said:
" i regret that I am now to die in the belief that the use-
less sacrifice of themselves by the geneiation of 1776, to
acquiic self-government and happiness to their country, is
to be thrown away by the unwise and unworthy passions
of their sons; and my only consolation is, that X have not
to weep over it. It they would but dispassionately weigh
the blessing* they will throw away against an abstract piiu-
ciple,more likely to be effected by union than by secession, ;
they would pause befoie they would perpetrate* tins act ot i
suicide on themselves, and ti eason against the hopes ot the j
woiid." j
To quiet this agitation,and save the Union from j
anarchy and civil war, the South patriotically !
surrendered her just rights, and yielded up to the I
people of the North the occupation of the entire
territory north of 360 30'. The people of the
North, however, were not satisfied with this hu-
miliating concession on the part of the people of
the slaveholdmg States. Abolition societies were
soon formed; the abolition of slavery in the Dis-
trict of Columbia was demanded throughout the
North; abolition petitions by the thousand were
poured in upon Congress; and the slavery agita-
tion continued increasing, year after year, up to
1830, when the dangerous doctrines and unjust
exactions of the North came near culminating in ,•
the dissolution of the Union; when another com-jji
promise was again effected, by another sacrifice 1j
on the part of the South, by the admission of Cal- ji
ifornia as a free State, before she had even been 11
organized into a Territory. \ j
This compromise, solemnly agreed upon by the If
statesmen of the North and the South, as a final
adjustment of the slavery question, produced but
little abatement in the terrific storm that had been
gathering in the North for years, through the in-
strumentality of Willum H. Sewaud, Wilson, i
Sumner, and their abolition confederates. i
should remark, however, as I pass along, that in i
1848, at Cleveland, Mr, Seward made the follow- i
me proclamation to the people of the non-slave- j
holding States: j
" Slavery can be limited to its present bounds; it can be I
ameliorated. It can be and it must be abolished, and you
and r can and *uwi do it. The task ii as simple and easy I
as its consummation will be beneficent and it? reward glo-
rious. It requires to fallow only this simple rule of action :
to do everywiiere and on every occasion what we can, and
not to neglect or refuse to do what we can, at anytime,
because, at that precise rime, and on that particular occa-
sion, we cannot do more. Circumstances determine pos-
sibilities." * * * * * * * *
"Correct your own error, that slavery ha? constitutional ,
guarantees which may not be released, and ought not to bcr
relinquished." * * * cc You will soon bring th«i
parties of the country into an effective aggression upon
slavery."
Such, sir, was the ominous language of the
embodiment of Black Republicanism—"slavery
must be abolished,''not limited, "and you and
I can and will do it. You will soon bring the par-
ties of the country into an effective aggression
upon it.3' The avowed object of Mi. Seward
then was, and still is, a continued aggressive war
upon the constitutional guarantees of slavery,
which he and his satellites, backed by the dis-
eased public sentiment of the northern people,
are urging on, with the most reckless pertinacity
and resolute determination, to its final result—the
dissolution of the Union.
In 1851, a few months after the compromise
measures were adopted, we hear the honorable
Senator, Henry Wilson, from ^Massachusetts,
at an abolition festival in the city of Boston, thus
speak:
" Sir, allusion has beep made, to-night, to the small be-
ginning of the great anti-slavery movement, twenty years
ago, when the Liberator was launched upon the tide. These
years have been years of devotion and of struggles, unsur-
passed in any age or in any cause. But, notwithstanding
the treachery of public men, notwithstanding the apo-tacy
for which the year 3850 was distinguished, I venture to say
that the cause of liberty is spreading throughout the whole
land, and that the day is not far distant when brilliant vic-
tories for freedom will be won. Wo shall arrest the exten-
sion of slavery, and res-cue the Government fiom the grasp
of the slave power. We shall blot out slavery in the na-
tional capital. We shall surround the slave States with a
cordon of free States. We shall then appeal to the heart3
and consciences of men, and, in a few years, notwithstand-
ing the immense interests combined in the cause oi oppres-
sion,we shall give liberty to the millions in bondage. (Hear,
hear.] I trust that many of us will live to see the chain
stricken from the limbs of the last bondman in the Repub-
lic I But, sir, whenever the dav shall come, living or dead,
no name connected with the anti-slavery movement will
be deai er to the enfranchised millions than the name of your
guest, William Lloyd Garrison. [Pioionged applause!]5'
Thus you perceive that this slavery agitation
and excitement was still kept up by the distin-
guished men of the North, notwithstanding the
compromise measures of 1850; and you hear one
of the great leaders of the Black Republican party,
second only in command to William H. Seward,
eulogizing in the most eloquent and enthusiastic
terms, William Lloyd Garrison, the advocate of
doctrines and principles that lead to the commis-
sion of treason, murders, and insurrection in the
South. You hear this Senator in the city of Bos-
ton, the great metropolis of Massachusetts, once,
not now, renowned for her patriotism, her devo-
tion to the Union and Constitution, announcing to
the people of that ancient Commonwealth:
" We shall arrest the extension of slavery and lc-euothe
Government fiom the gra«p of the slave p'owei ; wc shall
blot out slavery in the national capital; we shall suiround
the slave States with a cordon of hee States; we fhall
then appeal to the heart* and consciences of men ; and. in
a few jears, notwithstanding the. immense inteiest com-
bined m the cause of oppression, we shall give liberty to
millions."
f And yet we, who lift our voiceiHn defense and
vindication of our just and constitutional rights—
yea, our homes and firesides—are denounced by
those who call themselves the conservative men
of the North and the South, as "agitators"—
yes, we must fold our arms and wrap omselves
up in the cloak of " conservative dignity," and
wait until the incendiary's torch is applied. God
save me and my constituents from such conserva-
tism! If the people of the North will attend to
their own legitimate business, and let us and ours
alone, the troubled waters will soon subside, and
peace and tranquillity, fraternal feeling and hap-
piness, reign throughout this mighty empire. Sir.
if this Union is lost, the responsibility, in time
and eternity, will rest with all its crushing weight
upon the heads of the northern people.
Sir, ! should have remarked, 111 order of time,
that, as far back as 1848, the great leader and
representative of the BlackRepublican party, said,
at Rochester:
" Shall I tell you what this collision mean*' Thov who
think that it is accidental,, annfcessar y, the work ofinter-
ested or fanatical agitator-*, and theretore ephemeral, mis-
take the ease altogether, it is an irrepressiblo conflict be
tweeri opposing and enduring forces; it means that the
United States must and will, either sooner or later, bf conn*
