I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.,.
401,
86tii Coxa... .1st Sess,
Missouri Contested Election—Mr. Barret.
Ho. of Reps.
and as early as February 23, 1857, lit; denounced
the movement, and the parties engaged in it, as
having deceived and betrayed him 1 have three
of his published letters xipon the subject, but will
read from only two:
Washington, February23,1857.
t saw with amazenientthe abolition move in our Assem-
bly, and wrote immediately to Price, Lusk, and others at
Jefferson City, to condemn and repudiate it. They ought to
Juive cut themselves loose from me before they began a new
slavery agitation in the State, contrary to ray established
policy. They ought to have made known their intentions
before the ejection, that I might not have been deceived
by them.
Many friends told me that these persons would turn out
for abolition in the State as soon as? the election was over;
but I could not believe in such a tiling. To add a State
slavery agitation to tlia national agitation, at the very mo-
ment when we were opposing the national agitation, was an
incrcdible thing.
For persons cftlliiu: themselves my friends to attack the
whole policy of my life, which was to keep slavery agitation
out of the State, and gat my wuppou in the canvass by keep -
in? me ignorant ol what they intended to do, is the orl vtes r
outrage I have ever cx-peiienccd. Those who have done
it have never communicated on e word to me in justifica-
tion or explanation of tiieir conduct, for it is hOineihing
they can neither explain nor justify. The) know that Jt
wa* I who introduced the clause against legislative emanci-
pation into the constitution in ordei to keep the slavery agi-
tation out ot the State, and that my whole life has been
opposed to the agitation of the subject.
THOMAS II. BENTON.
In another letter to a friend, dated February
24, 1857, he writes, as follows:
"I wish you to get the St. Louis Democrat—change its
name and chaiacter—for no useful paper can now ever be
made out of it. I will bu in St. Louis in April, and
you. The paper is given up to the slavery subjeet, agitat-
ing State emancipation against my established and known
polity. Having got the clause against legi.-lativo emanci-
pation on purpose to prevent politician-? fioin agitating the
question and distill bin? the country with it, I wiote to
friends at Jefferson, eoiuiciunmg the movement as poon a-?
i saw it made, ami \usii you would republish, from my
J-rfFcrs-on City <poeoh of li-49, tin* pusr-age in which I took
ciedit tomy&eh !or that clause in the constitution, and
deprecated agitation. Tliey ousht to have told me beioie
the election what then i.*t<nded to do; if they had, I
should not have supjmtcd the ticket The) had no light to
make me, b> concealing that 'act, a tuppoiterol an eman-
cipation ticket, (the same in the effect a<? abolition.) against
the known policy of my life, and it will produce a com-
plete separation between us."
Thus detected, exposed, denounced, and repu-
diated, this in^rate, from a spirit of desperation,
or from a superabundance of self-conceit and
overweening confidence, plunged into an open
and vigorous warfare upon the institutions of his
State. His speech, upon the acceptance of the
nomination in 1858, is l\ specimen of the boldness
and arrogance with which he set up for himself:
"When first the free-labor movement commenced in St.
Louis, of which he was anhumble advocate, it was Mieeied
at by those who considered them^elve-; secure. And now
those parties tremble, not only for the city, but tui the
State. Well may they tremble, tor he could assure them
that ere the earth should make two moie revolutions
around the sun, the free Demociacy would trample them
under their heels."
Had such a speech been made in 1856, the Ran-
dolph of the West would never have become the
star Representative of (he Thirty-Fifth Congress.
With Benton on the ticket in 1856, (and his name
is a tower of strength in St. Louiscounty,) this
gentleman was elected. Without his name, with-
out his indorsement,and publicly denounced and
condemned by hmi, this gentleman was defeated
in 1858. Besides, during the canvass of 1858,
there were published a series of letters charging
Francis P. Blaii, sr. and jr., with libeling the
life and character of Colonel Benton. Those doc-
uments were not very well calculated to propitiate
the friends of that deceased statesman. Under
suchcircumstances, could Mr. Blairhavecxpected
to get the votes of the thousands of Benton men
who had supported him in 1856?
But, upon this point, there is positive proof.
Grace, McDonald, Conway, Reilly, Fox, and
Wade, on pages 8Q5,806, 829, 884, 885, 937, 902,
all testify that many of the old friends of Colonel
Benton voted against Mi.. Blair in 1858; that
many Germans, an 1 nearly all the Irish popula-
tion, who had voted for Blair in 1856, voted for
Barret in 1858.
But there is another circumstance to which I
wish to call attention. Early in the canvass Mr.
Blair made a speech, hj which he, in some man-
ner, spoke of applying the hangman's knot to the
neck of the Piesidentof the United Statts. This
expression was responded toby hisses, find cries
of "Shame!" "Shame, Mr. Blair."
new sekies—n~o, 26.
In 1856, on a Buchanan ticket, Mr. Blair was
elected by 481 majority; in 1858, he was beaten by
607 majority. This is the difference between
hanging to Mr. Buchanan and having Mr; Buch-
anan hanged.
But there is one question which I would like to
have the majority of the committee to explain.
There were thousands of the Benton and Buch-
anan men, who had voted for Mr. Blair in 1856,
who would not vote for him in 1858. Now, how
does it happen that, after losing thus three or four
thousand votes, his vote in 1858 is several hun-
dred larger than it was in 1856?
Much complaintis made by contestant, and by
the majority of the committee, against Philip W.
McDonald, one of the judges at the eastern pre-
cinct eft he ninth ward/It-is said that he overawed
the other judges, and permitted pet sons to vote
who were not entitled; that he was partial, &c.
In the first place, there were three judges at this
precinct, and two of them are proved to be mem-
bers of the Republican party. One of them, Mr.
Armstrong, was a little deaf; the other, Mr. Horn,
a gentleman of fine character and standing, would
hardly allow one single judge to overawe and over-
rule him and his associate.
It is impossible, in the time allowed me, to take
up the whole majority report, and discuss it in
detail. But I here declare that it i.s like the speech
of the gentleman who has just preceded me: it is
made up of assertions which are not true, and in
no manner sustained by the evidence. Not a single
page of the testimony is cited. We are referred
to the book generally, lean but deny their sweep-
ing charges, and refer also to the book; and here
I may be allowed to state that much of the diffi-
culty of investigation might have been removed,
find the House might have obtained some little
knowledge of this case, if the majority of the com-
| mittee had done what was obviously then duty,
j Early in the proceedings of this ease, I filed ex-
j ceptions to the testimony. Those exceptions were
• argued at length, but no decision was ever given.
Had there been a decision, and all the testimony
ruled out which was grossly incompetent, the case
would have been disencumbered of a largo mass
of stuff, and this Mouse could have comprehended
the whole case without wading through a thousand
pages of impertinent and incompetent testimony.
The majority report says that strangers openly
proclaimed that they had come to make every
irishman vote for Barret and Hackney. Theieis
no evidence of that fact. There is one witness
who said that heintended toinfluenceall the Irish
voters at Caronddet, so far as he could, to go
for Hackney and Barret. But this man was no
stranger. But, says the majority report, Hack-
ney was on the ticket with Barret. It is in evi-
dence that he was on all'the tickets. One of Mr.
Blair's witnesses testifies that Hackney was on
the Ameiican ticket and also on the Democratic
ticket: that on the Demociatic ticket there were
two candidates for county judge—Mr. Marshall
and Mr. Hackney. And although Mr. Hackney
was not the nominee of the Democratic party, but
an independent candidate, every word which a
witness may have uttered in regard to him has
been made applicable to myself.
But it is thought satisfactory evidence of bribe-
ry and fraud, that on the day of the election, in
a crowd of Irishmen at Cat oudelet, some one was
heard tocryout"$125aday for Hackney. " Theie
is> no evidence that these men ever voted, or for
whom they voted: and I am in no way connected
with them Would the majority of the committee
say that the cry so frequently heard throughout
| the land in 1840, of " two dollars a day and roast
j beef," would have invalidated General Harrison's
' election?
! On page 4 of the majority report, they say:
i " Liquor was freely u-ed, and booths for it* sale or gratu-
i ltou-s distubution were kept in violation ot iaw m the
| vicinity of the polls."
It is in evidence that one single man had on his
own premises, at the distance of a square from
the western precinct of the ninth ward, one half
gallon of brandy with which he treated his friends.
And this is all the testimony in regard to " booths;"
and this was in violation of no law.
They also say, 44 voters were interfered with
when in the act of voting." Who was interfered
with, and nt what precinct? By whom was the
interference, &c.? You may wade through this
large book, and you will find but 6nc single in-
stance which'could possibly furnish any grounds
for this charge. It is this: an old Irish beggar
applied to Mr. Blow, at Carondelet, far a ticket.
Mr. Blow gave him a Blair tickct. He was about
voting when several interfered, and carried the old
man to a grocery, and finally induced him to vote
their own way. Mr. Blair says they forcibly took
him. This same occurrence is proved by four or
five witnesses. One, or two of Mr. Blair's wit-
nesses and four or five of Mr. Battel's say that '
no force was used in the case. But throw the -
vote of this old man out, and give it to contestant,
if you please. We are willing that votes shalf be
thrown out where there is even a doubt about
their legality. Suppose it be true that this old
man was interfered with: docs that prove" that
voters were interfered with generally?
But, Mr. Speaker, according to the poll-books
returned from certain precincts, it appears that
the affidavits and certificates are informal. Thus,
for instance, in the fifth ward, it appears that oh$ -
of the judges failed to sign the oath; although I
have presented to the committee an affidavitfrom
the justice of the peace who swore them, saying
that they were all sworn. The presumption of
law is, that they were all sworn. If in fact they
were not sworn, itwasincumbentupon contestant
to furnish the proof. 1 ;
At the Harlem House the names of the judges'
are not signed to the oath, though itisin evidence
that two of the judges wrote tneir names in ths
body of it. (In this case, too, is an affidavit of
one of the judges, to the clfcct that all the judges
were qualified.) At George Sappington^s, the
name of the person who swore the judges is not
appended. (I have an affidavit to show that those
judges were sworn.) At Gravois, it does not ap-
pear before whom the judges were sworn. In the
sixth ward, east precinct, exception is taken to the
fact that one of the judges swore himself and the
other two, when by the statutes of Missouri it is
strictly correct. The majority of the committee
throw out the Gravois, the Harlem House, and  
the George Sappington precincts, and thus dis-
franchise three hundred and twenty-three people
of those districts.
And this majority of the committee, as a reason
for not throwing out the whole vote at the eastern
precinct of the fifth ward, say that there was no
allegation of contestant in regard to the fifth ward
in the notice of contest. Sucli is not true. Look
at the nineteenth charge in contestant's notice,
(p. 792,) and you will find that contestant does
make objection to the proceedings at the fifth
ward. 1 speak of it merely to show the inaccu-
racy of this majority report. One would suppose,
from reading it, that it had been made by contest-
ant himself, or some one who knew nothing about
the testimony. Says that majority report, (p. 9i)
t: Yet, had it been made to appear that everything else
liod been regular and fair at those polls, could the commit-
tee have bi ought themselves to believe, from evidence in
tile case, that the return* had expressed the wish ot' the
people at these points, untainted by fraud, they would have
been contained to havegiven the sitting membertbe ben-
efit of huoh prcnmiption in the absence of a compliance
with the law, or the benefit of the principle that the acts of
officeis dc facto arj; valid as regaids tlte public," &c.
Was there anything unfair or irregular at the
Harlem House or at the George Sappington pre-
cinct? If so, what was it > You cannot find one
word in regard to either in this whole book, ex-
cept the poll-books. Did not the returns from the
Sappington and the Harlem precinct express the
wish of the people? Where is the evidence to the
contrary? 1 defy the gentleman who made this
majority report to point out one single word of
testimony in regaid to the voting at Harlem and
Sappington. If,for informality in the affidavits,
the whole of those polls are to be thrown out,
let the vote at Allenton—41 for Blair and 12 for
me—be thrown out; because, at this precinct,
the clerks have failed to sign the oath. (See p.
2G2.) Let, also, the polls in the western precinct
of tlie second ward be thrown out, because tha
names of the clerks are not in the body of the
affidavit, nor does it appear before whom they
were sworn; and I may say, if as careless as con-
testant and his majority committee, the clerks
were not sworn. Sere Blair received 55 and Bar-
ret 14. As to the Gravois precinct, we will notice
