1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2787
of dollars actually paid was refunded to the States
and cities, the account was closed, and closed for-
ever, and a fall settlement was made, so far as the
Government of the United States was concerncd.
But, sir, in process of time, the national Treasury
having become somewhat plethoric, application
was made for interest upon these loans; and from
time to time laws were enacted by Congress to
pay interest upon them. Now, how does the ac-
count stand? The Government of the United
States, the same as any merchant in the United
States would have done, took its ledger account,
and cast up interest upon the original amount
down to the date of payment, and then cast up
the interest on the different payments down to the
final settlement, and the account was settled, and
settled forever. If I were to open my ledgers for
the last twenty years, I should have more than
one hundred thousand dollars of as just claims due
to m« to-day as these claims are to the States
making thein. The accounts were closed, and
closed on the basis of all mercantile transactions.
Whoever heard of settling a ledger account by
casting up the interest down to the first payment,
deducting that from the interest, and so on,going
on in that way from payment to payment, to the
foot of your ledger, ft is an unheaid of transac-
tion. These States have no more claim to this
compound interest than I have. The accounts
were settled, finally settled; and there let the mat-
ter rest. But, sir, I have a little evidence upon
this particular point. The Second Auditor says:
" I have caused an examination to bo made of all inter-
est accounts settled in this office between the United States
and the seveiai States, and find that the iuIc of casting in-
terest has been, with one exception, that of the State of
Alabama, to compute interest on the sum advanced by the
State fiom the date of the advancement up to the ume of
refunding to the State by the United States any pomon of
Ihe sum advanced, deduct the sum refunded Irom the ad-
vancement. and thou compute interest on the balance, and
soon until the final payment of the principal. Theaggie-
gate ot the mteic?-t column so computed has been the
amount ot inteiest paid; and this mode of computing inter-
est seems to have bten coeval with the oiganization of
the Government, as exhibited in the veto message ofPice-
dent Andiew Jackson, December G, 1832. on tnc bill en-
titled. * An act pioviding for the final settlement of the
claim's of States for inteiest on advances to the United
States made during the la^t war.'
u The new contemplated method of computing interest is
understood to be thus: to compute interest on the sum ad-
vanced up to the time ot any payment, and then deduct
the inteiest now the payment, and apply the balance to the
extinguishment ol the principal, and s-o on, exceptm those
' instances where the inteiest is found to exceed the pay-
ment. in cases of that kind, cast the inteiest on the piin-
cipal up to the next succeeding paj ment, or until the
pajment will exceed the inteiest, and then deduct the
inteiest fiora the payment.*'
Now, sir, from this document it appears that
these Suites mid cities have in every instance re-
ceived the whole amount of the principal, dollar
for dollar. They received the whole amount of
their interest, computing it upon strictly commer-
cial rules, to wit: computing the whole interest
on tiie whole debt, and the interest on the pay-
ments down to the final payment of the debt.
There the account is closed; and now the States
come in, after the lapse of litty years, and claim
not only compound interest, but filty years' in-
terest on compound interest. Sir, look at the
effect of this proposition upon a single State. I
will take South Carolina. I read from the same
document:
« It appear that the total amount expended by South
Caiohna tor militatv stores lor the use and benefit ot the
United bi ltes, and on account of her mihtin, during the
war ot 1812. was. amount has been re-^
funded m fuii. There lias al>o been paid to the >""^je ot
South Carolina, as interest theieon, tne sum ot 04$
said pawnentb Jiavinc been made undei an act of Congress
appiovcd Maich 22/1832. (Vol. 4, pace 499.) And yet it
would appear iliatlhe effect of leopcmng and readjusting
the claim ot South Carolina, computing upon the punciplc
adopted in the case ot the State of Maryland, would be to
find a balance due31«t Octobci, J 831, ot §78,996 41; and in-
teiest added upon thatbUin until 31st October, 183$^\voulu
make ail aggregate balance due the State ot $^0:2,JJ.-
Sir, look at the monstrosity of the proposition.
Here, after these claims have lain for half a cen-
tury, these States come in and claim interest upon
interest, amounting to as much as the whole of
the original debt. I believe Senators did not un-
ders'.uid it when they voted for this proposition.
It i.i monstrous; and when the propertime conies,
I propose to offer an amendment placing individ-
uals upon the same exact platform with States.
There is as much propriety in reopening tile ac-
count of every individual who famished supplies
during the last war and the revolutionary war, as
there is to open theaccounts of the States. If you
are going to have justice oil these subjects, let us
have full justice; and I assure you,$1,000,000,000
will not be adequate to pay the amount of that
justice.
But again—I will be very brief in my remarks
—take the State of Virginia. After stating how
the principal and interest were paid, he says:
" Applying, therefore, this latter mode of computation to
the ease of the State of Virginia, it appears that, on the 14th
of July, IMS), a balance would be due to her of the suin of
$734,069 GO"—
Understand, this is by the computation which
I have read—
"and interest added on that sum till the 1st of January,
1839"—
And it will be perceived there are two more
years to be added to these enormous sums—
"and interest added on that sum till the 1st of January,
18o9, would make an aggregate of $1,070,683 35."
Delaware is in the same situation, although on
a smaller scale:
"Applying the rules for computation of interest, as laid
down in the last recited act in the case of Maryland, there
would appear to be a balance due, December 28, 162G, of
$6,341 99; and interest theicnn until January, 1859,would
make $18,510 97."
Now, sir, as I said before, I do not believe Sen-
ators understood this case, or they would not
have voted for so monstrous a proposition, in my
estimation. When the proper time comes, 1 shall
offer my amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I have a
word or two to say upon the pending amendment,
in reply to the Senator from Maine. He admits
that abstiactly it presents a correct principle, and
I think that it should be practically carried out.
He says the effect of the amendment will be to
enlarge the amount of money to be paid,that-I
am opposed to the whole proposition, and that,
in offering the amendment, my ■objectis to destroy
it. Sir, if we are to pay interest to the States, I
would pay it upon equitable principles. I am
opposed to the whole pending amendment; but if
it is to be adopted, I desire that it shall be adopted
in a form in which it shall be just to all the States;
and hence 1 offer the amendment.
Now, sir, there are two objections to the prop-
osition, as offered by the Senator from Georgia,
unless the amendment f have proposed to it be
adopted'. In the first place, it is demoralizing;
the effect is bad upon the public interest of the
country. What do you say by the proposition
of the Senator from Georgia? You say to those
States which have not advanced money to the
Federal Government, but to those States that have
paid money to the nnlitia, that they called out in
their own States—properly called out perhaps,
to suppress Indian hostilities possibly, or as a
measure of defense in the war of 1812—" In case
you borrowed the money with which you paid
your militia, or for your militia in the war, we
will pay you back that money, and we will pay
you interest for it, the same which you had to
pay, but in case you raised the money by tax-
ation, and paid the expenses that you incurred—
not in loaning to the United States, but the ex-
penses that you incurred to your own militia—
we will not pay you a cent of interest."
Mr. HAMLIN. They have had it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir; they have not
had it. There is no such provision in this bill to
pay interest to them. This does not propose to
open accounts, and pay interest to them annually.
They have not received it, and the report from
the Treasury Department shows that money was
advanced in "this way by some of the States:
•' It appears that, during the war ot 1812, various States
and cities made advances—m some ea^es by loana made,
and m others from moneys in their trcasuues—on account
of the militia (oices, and in aid of the piosecution ot the
war. These expenditures, although not shown tohavc been
luaiie at the request of the General Government, were held
to have been made from patriotic motives and to have been
'for the use and bcnciit oi the United States.' Accord-
ing, at the conclusion of the war. prov bdon was made by
law'tor rcimbuising the States, See., that had made such
advances. At a later penod piovision was also made lor
paj meat of interest m certain cases.JJ
What ease ?
" Where the moneys so advanced had been taken out of
the Statetreasuiv and applied to the public service, u does
not appeal that any interest \va- paid by the Imiu-d Mates.
Here is the evidence. Tt way riot paid where
the money was taken out of their treasury, but
where they bm rowed the money to pay their own
expenses. They have already had interest ac-
cording to the computation adopted from the
foundation of the Government in reference to the
settlement of the claims of the war of the Revolu-
tion, and now you propose to open the accounts
and pay them interest upon interest. I know the
Senator from Maine denied that this was com-
pound interest. What does the report from the
Treasury Department show? Taking up the case
of South Carolina, it shows thatthe wholeamount
of principal has been refunded:
" It appears that the total amount expended by South
Carolina for military stores, 'for the use and benefit of the
United States, and on account of her militia, during the
war of 1812, was $33-2,722 20. This amount has been re-
funded in tull. There has also been paid to the State ot
South Carolina, as interest thereon, the sura of $125,475 04.
said payments having been made under an act of Congress
approved Alarch 22,1832."
And yet it would appear, if youreopen this ac-
count, and adjust it according to the proposition
of the Senator from Georgia, that there remained
due, on the 31st of October, 1831, $78,998 41 in-
terest, because the whole principal was refunded,
first by an act of Congress, and by a subsequent
act, simple interest was paid; but if you compute
the interest annually, it was not all paid by up-
wards of some seventy-eight thousand dollars,
and now the Atrditor goes on to compute interest
upon that, and he says:
" Interest added upon that sum until October 31,1858, will
make an aggregate balance due the State, of $202,230 90.1J
It is just interest upon interest and nothing else.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will state the answet
in two words, to the argument as fo that matter.
It is simply this: the States were not paid the
principal. I deny that they were paid the prin-
cipal—I do not care what the Auditor says—sim-
ply because they applied to the payment of the
principal, money which they ought to have ap-
plied to the payment of the interest, and that left
the principal due.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I take it, it did pay— 1
Mr. FESSENDEN, Never.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is it impossible to pay the
principal without paying the interest? Suppose
the Senator from Maine holds my note for $100,
which is to run three years, bearing interest at
six per cent., can I not come forward and pay
him one hundred dollars, and he accept it in dis-
charge of the note? Is it not possible to do it?
Mr. FESSENDEH. Does the Senator want
an answer?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If I am a free agent, 1
am at liberty to do it; if we are on equal terms,
and if I agree to aocept it, I can; but if it is in
your power to say: " You must take that ornoth-
mg," and I have no mode of compelling you to
pay, I cannot accept.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Why can he not accept
it? Does it alter his rights? Is not the claim for
eighteen dollars interest just as good as eighteen
dollars principal? What is the fact? This amount
was expended by the States, not advanced, as has
been argued upon this lloor, as if the States of
the Union had advanced money to the Federal
Government; they did no such thing. _ This
money they laid out upon their own militia; and
the money that they paid out upon their own
militia has been paid back, dollar for dollar, years
ago. That was first paid. The States were not
satisfied, and Congress subsequently made a pro-
vision to pay them interest. They are not satis-
fied yet; and now they want interest upon inter-
est; and, sir, to pay to whom? They do not
propose to pay, and never have paid, as this re-
port shows, any interest to those States that ad-
vanced money out of their treasury. And what
does the Senator from Maine say now? He says,
upon abstract principles it would be right that,
they should have interest too; but still that is not
the practice. Nor is it the practice to pay com-
pound interest. This is a new practice attempted
to be introduced'into the Government; and what
does it amount to ? Take one of those States
which advanced the money out of its treasury to
the militia which it raised in the war of 1812, and
it has simply received back the money which it
advanced. Take the State of Virginia* which,
instead of advancing the money out ot its treas-
ury, borrowed the money, and lias had it all back
a°-ain,and has had interest upon nonce; and now
she a&ks—and the Senator from Virginia calls it
a debt against the United States—to have her in-
