1844
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 24,
rights of the people of one half of the Confeder-
acy, but the judiciary declares that there is no
■warrant in the Constitution for it. We are, it is
true, still at liberty to pass a similar law, but in
doing so, we know that every violated right may
again be carried to the same tribunal for redress.
Men of sense and lovers of the Constitution will
not rashly enact laws which have been decided to
be unconstitutional by that department of the Gov-
ernment, the peculiar duty and right of which is
to make such decisions. Sir, it is evident that the
Republican party has already determined to break
through every constitutional barrier in order to
accomplish their purposes. We are rapidly run-
ning into the ideas and principles of the French
Revolution; and it will require all the forbearance
and patriotism of our people to prevent the scenes
of anarchy and bloodshed which prevailed in
France when ruled by such agrarian despots as
Robespierre, Danton,and Marat. The other side
of thisHouse is already a parallel for " the Mount-
ain," and the Jacobins are already organized for
destruction. Nothing can save the country but
Democratic success.
In all the great political struggles of the country
the malignity and bitterness of the Federalists have
been in keeping with their principles. From the
day that Thomas Jefferson entered the lists in
opposition to their heresies, until he sunk into his
grave, he was the object of their relentless and
remorseless persecution. From the inauguration
of James Madison as President, until he retired
from national politics, they charged him and his
Administration with every offense in the catalogue
of political crimes. Andrew Jackson was pur-
sued by them with more than savage ferocity.
Polk and Pierce were both honored by the vilest
slanders tljpy could invent. In fact, sir, from
Jefferson down, every Democratic President,while
in power, has been denounced by them as the
most corrupt and depraved scoundrel that ever
disgraced humanity. It was not to be expected
that Mr. Buchanan would escape the persecutions
with which his Democratic predecessors had been
so bitterly and persistently followed. If he had
been made an exception, we should have felt dis-
posed to doubt his fidelity to the country. It is
an honor to be abused by bad men. The admin-
istration of Mr. Buchanan has hot escaped. Re-
cruited and stimulated by the Arnolds of the Dem-
ocratic party, the malignant howl of these political
blood-hounds is heard all over the country. It is
the old cry to which the public ear has been so
long accustomed.
If these men honestly believed the insinuations
they make against the President, they should have
introduced resolutions of impeachment, and had
him summoned before the tribunal which is pro-
vided for the trial of such cases. This, however,
would not suit their purposes. They must try
him by a court of star-chamber, whoso sessions
are secret, and whose proceedings are ex parte.
In fact, sir, committees of the House are converted
into the mere instruments of party warfare. Then-
action is shaped with a view, not to correct pub-
lic abuses, but to control future political elections.
The Democratic party sits like Mordecai, the Jew,
at the gates of the Constitution. It will not bow
down at their going in and coming out. They are
preparing for its execution. If their sovereigns
and masters, the people, are as just as King Ahas-
uerus, these men will swing upon the gallows they
are preparing for others.
Sir, these committees of investigation have no
parallel in history, except during the reign of ter-
ror in France, where they were first invented and
used as instruments to strike down everything
that was good and noble, and to defame the char-
acters anu shed the blood of the best citizens of
France. An attempt was made to get one up in
this body, in relation to the burning of blue lights
on the coast of New England, in 1814; but the
good men who were in Congress in that day put
their heels upon the attempt, and spurned it from
their consideration as a dangerous and unconsti-
tutional usurpation of powers for illegitimate and
mischievous purposes. Notwithstandingthegrave
character of the charge, and the responsible form
in which it came, a proposition for an investiga-
tion committee was tabled by a vote of more than
two to one, thus placing the seal of condemnation
upon the attempted usurpation, No such scru-
ples disturb the minds of Republican leaders of
this day; They are preparing to gac]c find pliuv
der Rome, and it matters not with them by what
means they are to gain access within the walls.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Mr. Chairman, I rise to
advocate the rights of labor, and to speak to a ques-
tion of bread—bread for thousands of my fellow-
men, who should be and would be content, pros-
perous, and happy, if a correct system of national
policy could be inaugurated, sustained, and con-
tinued through a series of years, giving to Amer-
ican labor and enterprise that fair measure of pro-
tection which is of such vital importance to the
welfare of our people.
The question to which I ask the attention of
the members of this House rises above the level
of partisan politics; of party triumph or of party
defeat; of expediency for the day to meet some
ephemeral difficulty, or to remove temporary em-
barrassment. It has significance far above and
beyond all this. It is of the first importance to
the statesman, as to the philanthropist. It solves
the question of success or failure of our experi-
ment of self-government. It covers the whole
ground of national life—of a great people's pros-
perity or adversity. It is for the present, as it is
for the future, of deep, wide, and vital importance.
Sir, the consideration of this question carries
me back in contemplation to homes desolate, to
a vast trade paralyzed, to workshops and mines
deserted, to labor unrewarded, to supply without
demand, to the products of agriculture without a
market, to general distress, despondency, and
ruin. The cry comes up to me from every dis-
trict of my State, and particularly from the great
anthracite region of Pennsylvania, which 1 have
the honor to represent in part on this floor, for
adequate protection against foreign supply and
capital, for labor or the hope of labor, for just,
wise, and patriotic legislation. Like the leaves
of autumn, driven by the north wind, have come
to me the memorials of my people asking for pro-
tection ! Day by day, for many weeks, have I
poured upon the table of your Clerk petitions
signed by thousands of good citizens, men loyal
to the Union and the Government, asking to he
protected—from what ? Not alone from lo w wages,
oppression, ignorance, and degradation; not alone
from foreign competition under adverse circum-
stances,from the long since matured, systematic,
and enlightened policy of other lands. It has
greater breadth than this, and much more mean-
ing. It is from their own Government; from un-
wholesome legislation •.fromashufiling, miserable,
temporary, and ever-changing policy on this sub-
ject; from a want of statesmanship, that they ask
you to protect them. Under equal circumstances
they could defy the world without your aid. Under
every disadvantage connected with the vacillating
policy of public men, they must perish.
And they have a right to demand this at our
hands. Government was organized for their hap-
piness, protection, and welfare. But how does it
occur that this cry for help comes to us in a time
of profound peace, and from the people of such a
land as ours ? Why do they point us to all these
evidences of commercial ruin and financial dis-
tress and national and individual indebtedness .'Sir,
I will undertake to point out the legitimate cause
of all this, if it is not apparent to every observer
of men and things m the country.
The bill now under consideration is one of the
first importance to the people of the whole coun-
try. It proposes a change—a change in many
essential particulars—in existing rates of duties
on imports; by which the agricultural interests,
trade, manufactures, commerce, industry, and
wages of labor, may be, to a considerable extent,
affected; and I believe for the better. Changes in
our revenue system should be made with great
caution. They should receive the most critical
examination of the legislative branch, and be care-
fully considered in all their ramifications and de-
tails.
The bill reported from the House Committee
of Ways and Means, now before us, proposes,
so far as could properly be done, under existing
circumstances, and with any prospect of success
in both branches of Congress, to change the ad
valorem system to one of specific duties, to repeal
our foreign warehouse policy, and to give in-
creased and adequate protection to many, if not all,
articles of domestic industry. This is wise, and
I trust it will receive the hearty support of this
House as well as of the other branch of Con-
One great object to be aimed at, in perfecting
such a measure as we have now under considera-
tion, is to adopt a fixed system in the adjustment
of rates, and collection of revenue—a fixed line of
State policy, which shall endure for years to come;
a policy which, in its governing principles and
leadingfeatures, shall remain unchanged, although
its minor details may, from time to time, be re-
adjusted to suit the public exigencies, which years
and experience may render necessary or expedi-
ent; a revenue law, in the perpetuity of which the
people will have confidence; a law established
upon just and equal principles; bearing, so far as
practicable, equally upon all sections of the United
States; removed from the chaos the bitterness
and the injustice of party strife; a law for the
prosperity of the people, and not for the politics
of parties; a law that will induce the merchant
to trust his merchandise to the perils of the sea,
knowing that the waves will not bo more peril-
ous than the chances on land; that will lead the
capitalist to invest his means for the employment
of labor, and in the development of our resources,
with the hope, at least, of remunerative profit; a
law that will give to the husbandman a certain
and domestic market, which shall cause the la-
borer and mechanic to rejoice at the rich and ac-
cumulating evidences of prosperity around them;
in short, a law that shall inspire public coiifidcnce,
without which there can be no public prosperity,
and cause industry in its ten thousand channels
to exult in the establishment of a fixed system of
protection to American labor. •
The duties should be reasonable; for, to be per-
manent, they must be reasonable. I would have
its foundations laid m the convictions of men,
based upon their necessities, not upon the success
of parties.
In the grand, though peaceful, struggle for com-
mercial supremacy and material greatness, let the
American citizen know that if he will enter the
lists with his foreign rival you will not reduce the
duty the moment he has invested his means, or
secured the market, and thus place him at the
mercy of his antagonist. England, France, and
other leading Powers, have never yet failed, by
a system of protective laws, to aid the strong arms
and stout hearts of those who seek to supply the
markets of the world with the triumphs of their
skill. Most loyal has England been to those who
have established her greatness, and made her the
first commercial and manufacturing nation on
the earth's surface. Let us stand faithfully by
those who would make us great. Let our motto
be, protection to everything American against every-
thing foreign.
Some gentlemen seem to imagine that Congress
has no constitutional power to enact laws for the
purpose of protecting the industry and produc-
tions of the country; no power to lay a tax upon
the fabrics of the foreigner, but a plenitude of
power to place burdens upon our own people. If
this be so, then we are without remedy. But it
is not so. We are not reduced to the miserable
and disgraceful policy of lowering the wages of
labor. We are not obliged to banish meat from
the tables of the industrial classes, and to deny
them the comforts and necessaries of civilized life,
for the purpose of enabling us to compete with
the uneducated and lialf-fcd millions of other
lands.
No American statesman will pursue such a line
of argument or advocate so demoralizing and de-
grading a policy. The true remedy is simple:
protect those blanches of labor which require
protection. In collecting duties, discuminate in
favor of those interests which require the foster-
ing aid of the Government. It is not only our
constitutional right, hut our constitutional duty
to do this.
Our fathers, in originating this government of
the people, had but one object in view; and that
purpose they declared in the Constitution to be
" to insure domestic tranquillity, to provide for
the common defense, and to promote the general
welfare." And to secure these ends, they con-
ferred upon Congress the power, among other
enumerated powers, to lay and collect taxes, du-
ties, imposts, and excises "for the purpose of
paying the debts" and to provide for the common
defense and general welfare of the United States.
The power to regulate trade with foreign nations
is among the express powers conferred upon Con-
gress by that instrument. Mr. Madison, in his
