402
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 6,
36th Cong....1st Sess.
Missouri Contested Election—Mr. Barret.
Ho. of Reps.
the evidence generally, and seewhether it sustains
the charge of fraud and violence. We will see
whether ■ the returns express the will of the people;
whether they are tainted by fraud and fraudulent
votes. '
The contestant, and those who made the ma-
jority report, harp upon the large increase of the
vote at this precinct. In order to exaggerate this
increase, they compare the vote of 1858 with that
of 1856. In the very outset the comparison does
not hold good, because in 1856 the places of voting
were different from what they were in 1858. Stiil
wo can easily account for the increase, and, at the
samp time, show affirmatively that there was no
fraud. The Gravois precinct is in what was then
the southern district'of the county, in which there
was great excitement as to the election, confined
to that district, of a county judge. The precinct
is just outside of the city limits. There are many
persons lesiding near the Gravois mines who do
business in the city, and who have heretofore
voted in the city. According to the testimony of
Mr. Hunt, (p. 815,) those persons voted in the
district in order to have a voice in the election of
judge.
In 1856 there were 54 votes cast at a point oyer
a mile distant from the place at which the voting
took place in 1858. Reynolds received 4 votes.
Blair 4, and Kennctt 48. In 1858 Blair received
7, Breclcenritlge 24, and Barret 163. According to
the returns (see poil-books, p. 392) Breckinridge
fell behind Kcnnett 24 votes. It is very certain
Blair did not receive them. Blair received, how-
ever, 3 more than he did in 1856. That Mr. Blair
was losing ground at Gravois is proved by the
fact that in 1852 he received there 32 votes, whilst
In 185C he received only four. How does he ac-
count for this?
But as to the increase: John Chilton, witness
for contestant, (p. 733,) says, in answer to a ques-
tion of Mr. Blair, that the mines had been opened
anew,and more hands were employed there than
->ver before. Flesch and Bronnon, both witnesses
for Blair, say (pp. 523, 525) that they are old resi-
dents of that precinct, and never voted there be-
fore. But it is nut for the sitting member to account
for his vote. It is incumbent on the contestant
to prove it illegal.
Contestant says that one of the judges and one
of the clerks at this precinct were convicted of a
conspiracy to cheat in 1849.' The record siiows
a verdict against them for this misdemeanor; but
it appears that a motion for a new trial was made,
the result of which is not contained in the record.
But does the fact that they were found guilty of
it conspiracy to cheat in 1849 prove that they
cheated at this election in 1858? Contestant says
that this judge could neither read nor write.
There is evidence that he could not write, nor
read writing; but none that he could not read
printing. But suppose he could neither read nor
write: is this evidence of fraud?
Contestant, in support of his charges, further
says that when nine persons offering to vote were
challenged, one of the judges threatened to put the
challenger out of the house, and endeavored to in-
duce the parties thus shown to be illegal voters to put
in their ballots. To prove this, he refers to the tes-
timony of Hildebrand, (p. 756.) This witness
says that lie challenged nine men who came to the
polls to vote. They were not sworn, because they
would not swear; tiiat lie asked them if they were
citizens, and they said they were, and had their
papers. Hatglu said they could vote; he (wit-
ness) said they could not, unless they produced
their papers, or swore that they were citizens;
Haight then jumped up out of ins chair and told
him (witness) that he had nothing to do with it,
and he should go out of the room; witness told
him he would not do it until he got ready.
" Question, (by BIrnr to (Ms witness.) Were persons de-
terred fiom ch-UiVn^ing votes by threats made by the judges?
il Jfnswer. A"o, s/r; Idon^t tkink they were."
This is all the testimony of contestant as to
this difficulty with the judges.
Lotus now see the testimony on the other side.
R. W. Hunt (p. 813) says;
u There were eight or nine Irishmen, strangers to the
judges, who came up to vote. Air Haight. one of the judges,
and a verj competent man, asked them'if they were citi-
7.f>ns of the United State*; the foremost of them said they
were; he then asked the other two judges if they knew
them; tneyeaidno; they were then requhed to show their
papers or swear, which they would not do ; Ilaight called
the attention of witness to it, and witness told him that
was the Jaw; then it was tint Hildebrand made objections,
and said they had as much right to vote as anyone, and hit
his hand on the tabic; Haight told Hildebrand he would put
him out if he went on that way."
This testimony was elicited, from Hunt by Mr.
Blair on cross-examination. •
But contestant has said that Haight endeavored
to induce these nine men challenged, and who
would not swear, to put in their ballots. There
is not one particle of proof to support such a
statement, and Mr. Blair must have known that
there was none. Contestant further states, in
proof of his charges, that one half of the voters
were strangers, not known to the judges—non-
residents not known to any one except to Gray,
who brought them there in wagons, from the
county roads where they were employed as labor-
ers,'•for the purpose of obtaining their votes, and
that Gray made out their tickets.
Hildebrand says that one half of the men who
voted there were strangers to him. He tl ought
at first that they came from the poor-house,- but
he understood they came from the county road. It
was so reported there. Flesch (p. 523) saj^s there
were ten or twelve persons brought there in wag-
ons; they came from the county farm, as he thought,
from back of the coal mines. Chilton says (p.
731) that he saw one or two voting who were
strangers to him. On page 732 he says the greater
part of the strangers seemed to him to be work-
ing in the coal mines. There were some seemed
to ue working on the road, too. Robert W. Hunt
says he is well acquainted at the Gravois precinct.
He was at the polls on the day of election, from
eight o'clock, a. m., until they closed and counted
votes. lie knows of two, but says there might 1
have been six, who voted from the county farm,
and that they voted the American ticket, He is
well acquainted in the Gravois diggings, and saw
most everybody who voted there that day. Wit-
ness says he did not see any illegal voters; and,
from his knowledge of the voters, acquired whilst
he acted for many years a judge of the elections,
he thinks he would have'known whether there
was any illegal voting. There were 80or 90 votes
polled at Gi avois m 3856, but witness has known
of 120 in times of excitement. The other day
they polled, in election of probate judge, only 25
votes.
But, says the contestant,the ballots were never
counted or opened by the judges, but a return
made differing from the actual number of ballots
in the box. And he refers to the testimony of
Long, (pp. 914, 915.)
John fr. Long sayp that the ballots had the ap-
pearance, when the boxes were opened, of having
never been distuibed from the time the ballots
were east; but upon a count, and comparing them
with the judges return, he thinks they had been
counted. The discrepancy was one or two votes
for each candidate.
Let us see what this discrepancy is by an ex-
amination of the record.
By poll-books, whole vote returned by judges
is 185; of which they give Barret 153, Breckin-
ridge 24, Blair 7; making 184. (See poll-books,
p. 392.)
By reference to the abstract of ballots, (p. 94,)
it will be found that 154 ballots were cast for
Barret, and only 23 for Breckinridge.
The discrepancy then proved is against the
party to whom the judges arc said to be fraudu-
lently partial; and it niakes Barret's majoiity at
this precinct 147, instead of 146.
Contestant also says that the inmates of the
county farm voted at this precinct, and were made
to vote for Barret; that the judges, predetermined
to cheat and defraud, refused to take an oath; and
for evidence we are refeired to the poll-book, (p.
389.)
if ihe inmates of the county farm voted, they
had a perfect right to do so; being a pauper by
reason of old age or misfortune does not disfran-
chise. Besides, those inmates are under no re-
straint; they can leave when they choose, and
cannot be received unless they have been one
year in the county. (See testimony of Thorn-
burg, p. 749.)
But Hunt says (p. 811) that there may have
been as many as six who came from th*e county
farm to vote at this precinct; that they voted the
American ticket; that Campbell Link, the super-
intendent of the farm, was there, electioneering
for Breckinridge.
By an inspection of the poll-books, it appears
that the judges and clerks were sworn by one of
the judges, which is in strict accordance with the
law of Missouri. (See Statutes ofMissouri, 1855,
p. 700.)
The gentleman from Massachusetts on the Com-
mittee of Elections [Mr. Dawes] seems to sneer
at the idea of there being any of the business men
of St. Louis living out near a coal diggings. Some
of the handsomest building sites around our city
are to be found near these mines. The magnifi-
cent residence of the contestant is in sight of this
precinct.
The contestant has said that there was a lavish
use of money at this precinct. This is all the tes-
timony in regard to it; as he does not choose to
give it to the House I will:
" Thomas Tallis, (witness for Blair,) p. 6J4 :
u I was at the polls at Gravois piecinct on the day of
election. I saw Barret there.
Question. Did you see him give any money to any one ?
<4 Jinsaer. I did.
" Question. State the circumstances.
" Jlnsu-cr. I saw Mr. Barret give Bob Lindford, or Robert
Lindford, five dollars.
" Question. What did he give him money for; do you
know ?
" Answer. I asked Lindford; says I,' who did you vote
for, Bob?' lie s>avs: { I voted lor our ticket—Fiank Blair's
ticket—and ihey weie going to eat me up;" those weiethe
very words! lie said ; ' because 1 wiw going to vote that
ticket.' I thought it very sttsinge, when he said he had
voted the Fiank Blair ticket, that he could go to you (al-
luding to Mi. Barret) and bay,'Mi. linnet, give me five
dollaus' and you pull it out of jour pocket and give it to
hiin. Thev were standing in the bai-ioom; they went up
to Mi. Bariet, and says Bob, * Dick, give me five dollnis ;>
and Mr. Barret put his hand in his pocket and gave him a
five doilat gold piece.
" By Mr. Bairet:
Que&hcm. Did you not know that he wanted to borrow
the money ?
"•Answer. No, sir; 1 know he just came up and said:
< Dick, let me have five dollar*.'
" Robert Hunt is called by Mr. Barret, (p. 812,) and an-
sweis.
" Question. Do you know Robert Lindford?
'• sltmvcr. I never saw him to know him before the day
of election. lie is not a miner; he nevei worked for me.
<c Question. Weic you present when he said that he voted
for Mr. Hlau?
" Jlnsatr. Yes, su ; he told me so, and I heard he told
Mr. Bairet so.
u Question. Do you know of Ins applying to Mr. Barret
after that to borrow five dollar;* ?
liJlnswer. Yes, sir.
" Question. What did Mr. Bairet say?
" Jlnsicer. He told him lie had not a cent- He bothered
Mr. Barret a great deal; he was slightly inebriated at the
time, and Mr. Barret tried to get rid of him. He annoyed
Mr. Barret s-o that Mr. Bairet eaine to me and asked me to
lend hnn five dollm*, which I did ; I gave hun a five doliar
gold piece, and i think Mr. Barret handed it to him, James
Liuioui.
" Question. At what time of the day did Mr. Barret ar-
liveatthc Giavoir* poll*?
u Jlnswei. J think it was between eleven and twelve
o'clock.
" Question. About how many votes had been polled when
Mr. Banet arrived ?
li Jlnwer. Aboutone hundied."
Examine the poll-book of Gravois, at page 390,
and it will be seen that Robert Linford voted No.
11; so that he had cast his vote against Mr. Bar-
ret some time before Mr. Barret arrived at Gra-
vios on the day of the election.
Mr. Linford is a citizen of the county. Why
did not the contestant bring him up as a witness
to prove that I had bribed him to vote against
me'
The charge of a lavish use of money at Gravois
is like the rest of contestant's charges and state-
ments, and like the majoiity report, which has
embodied just such charges and assertions as con-
testant desired to have palmed off on this House
as true.
Whilst I am on this charge of a lavish use of
money at Gravois, I am reminded of another
matter to which contestant has referred; and for
fear I may forget it, I will take it up now. Tom
Wall is introduced as a witness, (see p. 470;)
and he tells what a man named John McDonald
told him. On the day after the election, he says
that John came to him, and said they had prom-
ised him noney, and would not pay him: that
John showed him an order in penciling, without
date, for no sum, signed J. 11. Barret; and he
wanted to know where he could get the money
for it. He did not say from whom he got the order.
