TIP CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
but then i.t will b§ their ow  work, and not ours, and their
pbstCrity will hatfe to, reproach them, and not us, for form-
ing constitutions allowing the iustUotion of slavery to exist
an^opg then), are my views, sir, and I choose to
express th,ejn; and I ca*e not how extensively or univer-
sally they are kijo^a, &
hi(i  ftptlj.e*; he says:
"So tonkas God allows the vital current to flow through
my veins,! will never, never, never, by word or thought,
by mind or will, acid in admitting one rod of free territory
to tho everlasting eurso of human bondage."
And, gentlemen of the South, you had not ex1-
tirely abandoned these wise and salutary and phi-
lanthropic truths—the doctrine that freedom is
beneficent an<J just, and ought to be extended;
and that slavery w<is mischievous and immoral,
and ought to be restricted—when you asked our
cooperation in the project to annex Texas; if you
had; then you were guilty of the deepest decep-
tion and shafixei Am I not correct ? Let us see.
Your party in the North and South proclaimed,
in the canvass of 1844, in respect to the annexa-
tion of Texasi these two fundamental ideas: first,
that by the removal ofslavcs to Texas, Maryland,
Virginia, Kentucky, and Missouri Avould speed-
ily become free States; second, that the transfer
of slaves to the borders of Mexico would open
the way for the entire extinction of slavery, by
its transfer to regions where the prejudice of race
and color do -not e^ist; and by the absorption in,
or 'amalgamation with, the mixed races of tlfe
torrid regions, where they could enjoy substantial
equality, social and political.
What said Hon. Robert J. Walker during tlic
presidential contest of that year, (1844,) and I
may say the influence of whose ingenious argu-
ments thrown broadcast over the country North,
was manifest in determining the fortunes of the
struggle, and served to secure for him, as-a re-
ward for such important political service, a com-
manding position in the Cabinet of President
Polk?
"Nor can it be disguised that, by the icannexation, as
the number of free blacks augmented in the slavfiholding
Htatcs, they would be diffused gradually through Texas,
into Mexico and Central and Southern America, where
nine tenths of their present population are already of the
colored races, and wiicie, from their vast pieponderanee
in number, they are not a dogiadcd caste, but upon a loot-
ing, not merely of legal, but, what is far more important,
of actual equality with the rest of the population. Here,
then, if Texas is annexed, throughout the va>t region and
salubrious and delicious climate of Mexico and of Centi al
and Southern America, a large and rapidly- ineieasm« por-
tion of the African race will disappear irom the limits of
the Union. The process will be gradual and progic.-> ive,
without a shock and without a convulsion.
"The annexation of Texas is the only safety-valve foi
the whole Union, and the oqly practicable outlet for the
Afrfp&n population, through Texas, into Mexico and Cen-
tral and Southern America, There is a congenial climate
tor the African race. There, cold and want and Imager
will not drive the African, as we see it does in the North,
into the poor-house and the jail, and the asylums of the
idiot and insane. There, the boundless and almost unpeo-
pled teiritoiy of Mexico, and of Centra! and Southern Amer-
ica, with its delicious climate and mo<t prolific soil, rendcis i
most easy the means of subsistence; and there they would 1
not be a degraded caste, but equals among equals, not only
by law, but by feeling and association." k * *
u Again, then, the question is asked,i Is slavcrv never to
disappear from the Union?5 This is a startling" and mo-
mentous question, but the answer is easy and the proof is
c'ea£T  ^ certainly disappear if Texas is reannexed to
the union; not by abolition, but against and in spite of all
its frenzy, slowly and gradually, by diffusion, as it has al-
ready thus nearly receded from several of the more northern
of the 5-laveholding States, and as it wijl continue thus
more rapidly to recede by the reannexation of Texas, and
finally, in the distant future, without a shock, without ab-
olition, without a convulsion, disappear into and through
Texas, into Mexico and Central and Southern America.
Thus, that same overruling Providence that watched over
the landmg of the emigrants and pilgrims at Jamestown and
at Plymouth; that gave iu« the victory m our struggle for
independence; that,guided by {lis inspiration, theframers
ot our wonderful Constitution; that has thus far preserved
this great Union fpom dangers so many and imminent, and
is now shielding it'from abolition, its most dangerous and
eternal foe, will open Texas as a safety-valve, into and
through which slavery will slowly and gradually recede,
aii(! bnahy disappear in the boundless regions of Mexico,
-and Central and Southern Amenca.
" Beyond the l>e\ Norte, slavery will not pa<?s; not only
because it i& forbidden by law, but because the colored
laces thei e preponderate, in the ratio of ten to one, over the
whites; and holding, as they do, the government, and most
of the offices, m their own possession, they will never per-
mitthe enslavement of any portion of the colored race,
which makes and executes the laws of the country."
Mr. Walker's was not an isolated instance in
the promulgation of these views; indeed, sir, these
opinions upon tho subjcct of annexation were the
s vitalizing elements of tho canvass, and were urged
by the Democratic party as noble and imperish-
able progress in justice and civilization, by which
a portion of the slave States, if not all, were to
escape from the barbarism of the ruder ages, and
take their stand on the principle evolved from our
struggle for independence and our constitutional
history.
Turn to the debates in Congress and examine
the speeches in the interest of Mr. Polk and an-
nexation, of Senator Breese of Illinois, Julie 3,
1844; Senator Dickinson of New York, February
92,1845, (Appendix Congressional Globe, 2d ses-
sion Twenty-Eighth Congress, page 321;) Morris
of New Hampshire, January 25, 1845; General
Ashley of Arkansas, February 22,1845; page 283
of Debates; Tibbatts of Kentucky, May 17,1844.
And I will not omit to quote from the speech of
the honorable gentleman now at the other end of
the avenue, whose pious and saintly regard for
the interest of free labor, and the enlargement of
the area of freedom has been painfully illustrated
since his installment as President of these United
States
In the Senate, June 8, 1844, Hon. James Bu-
chanan, of Pennsylvania, said:
" After mature reflection, I now believe that the acqui
eition ofTexasvvill be the means oflimiting,notenlarging,
the dominion of slavery. In the government of the world.
Providence generally produces great changes by gradual
means. There is nothing rash in the councils of the Al-
mighty. May not, then, the acquisition of Texas he the
means of drawing the slaves far to the south, to a climate
moie congenial to their nature; and may they not finally
pass off into Mexico, and there mingle with a race where
no prejudice exists against their color? * * *
Texas will open an outlet, and%lavery itself may thus finally
pass the Del Norte, and be lost in Mexico."
Such were then your declared objects and desire
—perhaps put forth to deceive—to obtain power
and betray. It now looks as though they were
the singing of Circe—" the voice of the charmer,
charming never so wisely'5—lulling the suspicions
of the people of the North to sleep, and deceiv-
ing them in regard to the stupendousness of the
fraud you were practicing upon their credulity.
Whether so or not, your party were compelled,
m consonance with the general sentiment that
slavery was an evil of the deepest and darkest
dye, and that its extension under the care and
consent of our Government was an intolerable
crime, to make this record; to give these assur-
ances to the people; and I need not say that they
were in accordance with the conviction of the civ-
ilized world, at least outside of the fifteen slave
States of this Union.
The South cannot deny that slavery, up to a
recent date in our history, was made to rest en-
tirely on local usage; it was made so by civil and
common law, becausc it was assumed to be in
violation of natural right. And being such a
violation, it follows that it is a moral wrong; and
it has been so regarded by the mass of our people
from the earliest times. In other words, it was a
privileged and exceptional institution, doomed,
sooner or later, to perish. Tn this view, men have
spoken of the irrepressible conflict between free-
dom and slavery; and it is a philosophical truth,
that one or the other, in the fullness of time, must
recede: one must triumph and become supreme.
Sober iyu n and men of reason will not be in doubt
as to the result—no more than they will doubt
the ultimate triumph of right and justice in all
things over error and wrong. In this view, speak-
ing not of my political duties and obligations to
Government, and disclaiming in this respect, or
any other, the right to interfere with the domestic
institutions of the South, I hope the time may come,
not distant, when the sun, in his course across the
continent, will not shine upon a slave; when the
inalienable rights which belong to all men shall
be universally recognized and become the con-
ceded right to be enjoyed by all. If 1 speak with
undue warmth of expression, in the words of
Edmund Burke, " something must be pardoned
to the spirit of liberty."
But to return to the point of digression. I had
been exhibiting tho recorded views of the Demo-
cratic, party in regard to slavery—tho views of the
South and the North—at, an early period, and also
at a later period.
"What docs the South say now? What is claimed
m its name and behalf in the meridian of this Ad-
ministration, and in the strength of your power?
You maintain the perfect rectitude of slavery; that
it is the highest type of civilization; that it is
neither wrong nor an evil; that it is the most eco-
nomical form of labor; that it is adapted to pro-
mote the most perfect social condition; that it is in
conformity with the revealed word of God; that
it muist travel with the Constitution into the Ter-
ritories, and there be sustained and protected by
it; and the adoption of" these views, or disunion,
is the ultimatum you now propose to tin; whole
nation. Not only the public men and public
bodiesof the South boldly declare and v ehemently
insist on these doctrines, but there are camp-fol-
lowers and soldiers of fortune in the North—men
there who say, with Charles 0'Conor, that the
negro is (loomed by nature to be the bondman of
the white man.
When I uttered my convictions from my place
in this House in 1854, that it was the design of the
Democratic party—or those who had control of
it—in the repeal of the Missouri compromise, to
extend negro bondage, it was denied. And when
again 1 said, February 24, 1858, in a speech then
made, that it\yas designed to carry slavery into
all the Territories under the protection of theCon-
stitution, and that no power, not even the Con-
gress, nor the people of thcTerritories, could pre-
vent or remove it, you indignantly repelled the
charge, as false in fact and inference. How times
have changed1 and more rapidly still have men
changed.
The President, in his late message, lays down
your party creed. Hear what he says:
" The right has been established of every citizen to take
his property of any kind, includinsslaves, into the common
territories, belonging equally to all the States of the Con-
federacy, and to have it protected there under the Federal
Constitution. Neither Congrcrs nor a Territorial Legisla-
ture, nor any hurnan power, has any authority to annul or
impair this vested right."
It is you, then, not we, who have changed
position upon this question; and the Republican
party was organized from tiie necessity of the
case, to preserve the maxims of our early faith
and pledges, the principles upon which our Gov-
ernment was founded, and upon the maintenance
of which, in my judgment, its perpetuity de-
pends. I need not speak of the next step in the
effort to nationalize slavery. I claim to be no seer
or prophet in respect to the purposes of men, or
parties, in this work of placing our Government
under the control of the slave power.
The gentleman from Texas, [Mr. Reagan,] a
few days since, with disingenuous boldness, in-
dicated one of the advance steps the Democratic
party will soon take; and I could, therefore, claim
no credit for the discovery in this instance. If I
understood him correctly, heclaimed that not even
State authprity—State sovereignty—can abolish
or impair the right of property in slaves short of
revolution. That is, the right to abolish would be
a revolutionary right; that its claim for protec-
tion under Federal and State authority rests upon
the same right as all other kinds of property. In-
deed, I do not see why this is not a logical
sequence from the premises. Then it is, "that
slavery may go to New York, to the home of the
Pilgrim fathers, sweep along the shores of the
great lakes, and darken the broad prairies of the
West, under the sanctions of this vested right of
property in slaves under the Constitution. And,
Mr. Chairman, is it not a remarkable and instruct-
ive fact, that while the South claim these immu-
nities and this protection for -their slaves m the
Territories and in the States, they are at tins mo-
ment driving northern men from their midst, for
real or suspected sentiments in favor of the insti-
tutions of the North, or for a preference for the
condition of the free white laborers over that of
the bondmen in chains >
I pass, however, from this s.ul spectacle of the
degradation and tyranny incident to, I may say
inseparable from, a society which insists upon the
Divine character of human servitude, to note the
one step further in this work to complete its su-
premacy. The revival of the African slave trade
rather follows as a corollary to the doctrine of
extension and perpetuation; and I apprehend the
party will soon accept this tenet of faith, now
urged by a large portion of its members m the
South.
If slavery is humane, beneficent, and jusl, how
can thephilanthropy and Christianity of our Dem-
ocratic brethren be at ease, while vast numbers of
negroes in Africa are deprived of the elevating
influences of their discipline .and instruction upon
the broad plantations of the South? In truth,
sir, from this view of the rightfulness of slavery,
advocacy of the revival of the slave trade follows;
and, as a party, the Democracy will as surely
