1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2£S9;
another bill was passed for the benefit of New-
York, in which it is provided that no interest shall
be paid on any sum on which she has not paid
interest.
These are the provisions in relation to those
States, in each case declaring positively that no
interest shall bo paid to any of those States except
on moneys on which she herself paid interest.
Now, we come to the act of 1848, entitled " An
act to refund money for expenses incurred for
subsistence or transportation furnished for the
use of volunteers during the present war, before
being mustered into the service of the United
States;" and by the third section it is provided—
I have the act here—
"Sec. 3. Andbcil further enacted, That, in refunding
moneys under this act and the resolution which it amends,
it shall be lawful to pay interest at the rate of six per centum
per annum on all sums advance [advanced] by States, cor-
jroiationSj or individuals, in all cases where the State, cor-
poiation, or individual,paid or lost the intei est, or is liable
to pay it."
There is the same principle involved in relation
to advances made during the Mexican war. In
3849 an act was passed to authorize interest to be
paid to the State of Alabama. The second sec-
tion of that act is as follows:
■"That in ascertaining the amount of interest as afore-
said due to the State of Alabama, the following rules shall
govern : That interest shall not be computed on any sum
which Alabama has not expended for the use and benefit
of the United States, as evidenced by the amount refunded
or repaid to the State of Alabama by the United States;
second, that no interest shall be paid on any &um on which
Hie s-aid State of Alabama did not either pay or lose inter-
est as aforesaid."
In 1851—down as late as 185X—providing for
the State of Georgia, it is enacted that interest
be allowed on all suras advanced by her to the
United Statesforthesuppression of the hostilities
of the Creek, Seminole, and Cherokee nations,
and which have been paid to her—
" from the date of such advances until the principal sura or
sums were or may he paid by the United States : Provided,
That no inteie^tshaU tie paid on any sum on which thu said
State of Geoigia did not eitliei pay oi lose interest."
Now, sir, this principle has run through all the
statutes, from 1825 down to 1851.
Mr. DOO LITTLE. If the Senator from Geor-
gia will allow me, I should like to ask him what
lie understands by the State losing interest? Is
that where they advanced money?
Mr. IVEIISON. No, sir; that principle has
not been applied in the settlements of the Treas-
ury; nor was it intended by Congress. It is sim-
ply where the State has been compelled to borrow
money to make advances to the Government upon
whirl) she has paid interest. She borrows money,
pays interest upon her loan,and lends the money
to the Government, or advances to the Govern-
ment; that is, where she pays interest. Where
she loses interest is this: where, as in the ease of
the State of Maryland, she held bonds which were
drawing interest at the time to the State, but
which she sold for the purpose of advancing
money to the Government. Th?re she lost in-
terest", as a matter of course, by the transfer of
an interest-bearing fund. Again, a_ State has
money loaned out at interest. She is drawing
interest upon her loans, upon the amount of her
capital, and she has to withdraw that capital to
advance to the Government. There she loses the
interest. Those arc the cases; the eases where a
State nays interest or loses interest; and whieh
all these laws were intended to provide for, and
none others. .
Now, sir, the Senator from Illinois proposes
to enlarge that principle, one which the Govern-
ment has held to be sacred from the time these
advances have been made up to the present mo-
ment. He proposes to give interest to the States
that neither paid interest nor lost interest. I hope
the Senate is not prepared to reverse a principle
so loii" and so frequently settled in these other
cases ;°but thai we shall adhere, at least tor the
present, to the principle which has thus been
settled. . , .
I shall not go into the argument m relation to
the original proposition. That has been sufn-
cipntly discussed. I will only state how this set-
ItemiMit took place. In the bill which was passed
ill 3^3'). •' for the adjustment and settlement of
the chums of the State of South Carolina against
the United States," it is provided:
"That the proper accounting oiheers of the Trea«urj.
be, and they are hereby, authorized and directed to liqui-
date and settle the ei^m of the State of South Carolina
against the United States, for interest upon money actually
expended by her for military stores for the use and benefit
of the United States, and on account of her militia, while
in the service of the United States, during the late war with
GreatBritain ; the money so expended having been drawn
by the State from a fund upon which she was then receiv-
ing interest."
That was the recitation in the act itself. She
was receiving interest from her fund, and drew
that fund to make advances to the Government for
military purposes. The Government therefore, in
directing that interest should be paid to her, states
that it is to be paid to her for money expended,
having been drawn by the State from a fund on
which she was then receiving interest. The sec-
ond section provides:
" That in ascertaining the amount of interest to be paid,
as aforesaid, to the State of South Carolina, interest shall
be computed upon sums expended by the State for the u?e
and benefit of the United States, as aforesaid, and which
have been, or shall be, repaid to South Carolina by the
United States."
When South Carolina sent her comptroller
general to this city for the purpose of making a
settlement between the United States and her, for
moneys which she had expended in the war of
1812, under this act of 1832, what was the decision
of the Second Auditor? He said;
" When the claim of this State was presented by the
comptroller general of the State for settlement, under the
act of Match 22, 1832, already lefened to, the Third Aud-
itor of the Treasuiy decided the question as to the mode of
computing interest as follows: ' The proper mode, as it
appears to me, of stating the account, will be, to compute
the interest on the seveial sums expended by the State and
already allowed, oi to be allowed under the law, from the
respective dates of expenditure up to the present time, ex-
tending the amount of both pilneipdl and intei est; and to
oppose thereto the sums received by the State fiom the
United States, with interest fiom the dates of payments to
the present time; the balance will be the sum payable to
the State.'"
Now, that is the mode that was adopted at
the Treasury, and has been adopted in all these
settlements between the States and the Govern-
ment. I say it is wrong in principle. It is an
act of injustice to the States; because, when they
pay interest, and interest accumulates upon then-
debts; when the Government refunds back the
amount, she is bound first to extinguish the in-
terest due to the State, and then, if there be any
balance, it goes to the extinguishment of the prin-
cipal. That is the proper mode of settlement.
That is the mode that has been decided, by the act
of 1837, as applicable to the State of Maryland.
That is the mode in which Alabama has been
settled with; and they are the only two States that
have been settled with upon that principle. All we
ask is that that principle shall be applied to the
other States that have been either paid interest or
lost interest by the transfer of an interest-bearing
fund.
With these remarks, I submit the question to
the Senate.
Mr. CAMERON. I have a word to say on
this subject, in consequence of a remark made
by the Senator from Illinois, unintentionally, of
course. He commenced by saying that this is a
claim of the States to pay for their militia ordered
out by themselves for their own defense. It is
not so at all. The State of Pennsylvania, for in-
stance, had no hostile foot 011 her soil during the
war of 1812: and yet her troops were ordered out,
and defended some four or five States. They were
ordered out by a call of the President of the Uni-
ted States. At that time the General Government
had 110 money and very little credit.
Mr. DAYIS. That was the time Mr. Buch-
anan went to Baltimore. [Laughter.]
Mr. CAMERON. Yes, sir; it was the time he
went to Baltimore. But he did not stay long. I
believe he got off as soon as he could.
But this is the case: the Government of the Uni-
ted Stales had 110 money and 110 credit. Her
Treasury notes were sold at eighty cents on the
dollar, and she took in payment of these lreas-
urv notes uncurrcnt bank notes which sold 111 the
market at fifteen per cent, below par; making
actually thirty-five per cent, deduction 011 t ie
Treasury notes. At that time she called upon the
States for aid, in men and money. Many ol the
States sent out their best citizens 111 defense ot
the Government and the whole country, and 111
this way this debt was made.
The Senator from Illinois is a lawyer; I believe
he was once a judge, and should fcno\v:how to
calculate interest, and I will put this case to him:
Suppose I owe the Senator $10,000; trusts
me until the interest upon that sum has become
$6,000—ten years; he trusts me because ,1 am'
not able to pay him, and also because he is kindly-
disposed; at the end of ten years X owe $6,000
interest, and I go to him with $5,000, and say., " I
have come to pay a part of that debt which you
have so long and so kindly forborne to compel
me to pay;" and I give him $5,000: would he
not give me credit only upon that interest? He
certainly would credit jjSjOO.1 on the interest, for
such would be his right.
He would, of course, place to my credit, in his
ledger, this payment on account of the interest
due, and I should then owe him $11,000. In an-
other year I come back with $l,600;he places that
to my credit, and finds the original-debt of $10,000
has now due 011 it $600 more. There has been
no charge for interest on interest; but in striking
the balance it is found that, after all the payments
made, the original sum is still due. I go back to
him the third year and say, "I have come to
wipe off my debt, for I have been prosperous ui>-
dcr your generous treatment." He turns to his
ledger and finds the original debt with one year's
interest is now $10,600. This sural pay him;
and thus the accouut is closed. There has been
m compound interest charged or paid ill this
transaction. He had been liberal and kind, and
waited for his money, until his creditor had re-
covered from his pecuniary difficulties, who now
came forward and paid his original debt and six
per cent, interest. Nothing more, and nothing-
less.
I11 this way all merchants, all men of business,
and all therourts of the country,compute interest.
It is the just and the legal way of stating an ac-
count. jjiit this is not the way the United States
Government settled with the Stateswhich had gen-
erously aided her in the time of her great trouble.
After long years, she notified them of lief ability
to pay her debts; and she made a statement of the
accounts in her own way, as a grudging debtor
only could offer to pay a generous creditor. It
was in this manner: we owe you $10,000, which
has been standing ten years, on which the interest
now due, at six per cent, per annum, is $6,000,
making the whole sum due to you $16,000. We
will pay you, 011 account of this debt, $5,000.
After a while, she says again, we will make you
another payment on account of this debt; and so
she does, again and again; when she says the
account is settled, and you are paid off.
The Governmenfof the United States had been
poor and hard pressed; and the States, 111 the lapse
of time, were governed by new men, who knew
nothing of the circumstances under which the loan
was made, as is now the case here in the Senate.
They took what was offered, supposing it was
just, without examining the accounts. At length,
the State of Maryland, by her able Senator still
in the Senate, looked into the case and found that,
instead of having been paid her debt in an honest
and legal way, she had been greatly wronged by
theaccountingofficers. Thepuymentson account,
instead of having been placed to the credit of the
interest then due, were each time deducted fiom
the principal, and interest credited only upon the
balance of the principal, leaving the accrued inter-
est still unpaid. Thus, when they owed $10,000
principal and $6,000 interest, and paid $5,000 on
account, instead of first applying that sum to the
interest then due, they credited it upon the original
debt, and thereafter allowed the interestonly upon
$5,000. .
It requires but little skill ill accounts to see
what difference the two modesof settlement would
produce in the long term of forty-eight years.
When the Senator from Maryland, by direction
of his State, brought her case before Congress, a
full and able discussion took place in this body,
and the result was a very decided vote directing
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay what might
be found due to her by this mode of settlement.
The State of Alabama also came to Congress and
received, by its direction, tlie sum found due to
her by the samc^mode of computation. How,
other States are here asking tor justice, bhal
they not have it? They ask for no compound
interest, as some Senators here charge; but they
want what is legally due to them, and what any
