I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL &LOBE.'
dGTH CONT6....1ST SESS.
Missouri Contested Election—Mr, Barret.
•Ho. 01? ReF&J.
(P. 741.) The order was: '* Give the bearer some
money; he is a horse to work." It is in cvidcncc,
on the part of the contestant, that this man, John
McDonald, was a common thief. Then, shall his
statements, made to a third person, be taken as
evidence, when he himself would not be believed
on oath, were he upon the stand, and subject to a
cross-examination? These statements arc given
at second-hand by Tom Wall* who had appointed
this common thief a deputy to watch a livery
stable, and who had, with another friend of con-
testant, gone upon John McDonald's bond, to
keep him out of the work-house. It was shrewdly
suspected at the time that contestant's friends had
John arrested, that by going on his bond, they
might make favor enough with him to get him to
give important testimony in this case.
But 1 am asked by contestant why I did not re-
but this testimony of Tom Wall? why I did not
ask Tom Wail if he knew the handwriting in the
order? May I not ask why the contestant did not
attempt to piove the handwriting of the order? An
order with my name signed, in penciling, without
date, not furnished, in the hands of a notorious
thief, whod d noteven say from whomhe received
it, could surely be no testimony. Then, am 1
called upon to dignify the testimony of a notorious
thief, given at second-hand, by calling in decent
men to rebut it? Such testimony is worthy of
such a contest, but unworthy of the notice of any
gentleman. Had I been in the place of contest-
ant, I should have been ashamed ever to have re-
ferred to the testimony of a common thief, given
through a third party, his own bondsman.
Now that 1 have condescended to notice, even
notice, the statements of a thief, made through his
friend and bondsman, I am reminded of the fact
that the main witness in regard to the judge so
much complained of at the eastern precinct of the
ninth ward, was Hiram Ogden. Hiram has been
found guilty of embezzlement as an officer under
a Republican administration m our city, and has
been lately sent to the penitentiary of the State.
There are other witnesses relied on by contestant
who could be easily sent to the penitentiary, if
telling a lie in a contested-election case were, in
the eyes of the law, a perjury.
But, Mr. Speaker, I have no hope of present-
ing this case to the House in all its deformity.
The failure of the committee to rule out the mass
of the testimony, which is acknowledged on all
hands to be improper and incompetent, imposes
upon me great difficulty and great labor, and, I
fear, fixes a bamer which will pi event this House
from ever understanding it.
The majouty of the committee say, in their re-
port, (p. 13,) that it is utterly impiacticable to refer
to the testimony. How, then, can they expect
me, in the short time allowed, to refer to the testi-
mony, winch utterly refutes their assertions, dis-
proves their conclusions, and disrupts their whole
argument' How can they expect me, by partic-
ular reference to the testimony, to negative forty
pages of unsustained affirmations; to disprove
and dispose of their entire compilation of contest-
ant's broad, reckless, and unfounded assertions?
Surely that majority report could not have been
intended as a guide for the members of this body
willing to look into the facts of this case. I had
not supposed that it was withm the power of
human ingenuity to frame a document which could
so thoroughly conceal the facts, and so artistically
prevent an investigation of the testimony.
But I must hasten on.
It is said that the vote at the Carondelet pre-
cinct is vitiated by reason of fraud and violence,
and that the officers of election themselves are
implicated, (see report p. 7;) that the vote of the
whole precinct should be thro\vn out.
I propose now to give all the testimony in re-
gard to this precinct m detail, although some por-
tions of it have already been referred to. In this
precinct, as in the others, the increased vote and
large majority are made the grounds of con test; and
a comparison is made between the vote of 1856
and 1858.
In 1856—
Reynold? received   44 votes.
Kennett " ....   114 "
•Biair "  1U4 "
Total   262 "
In J 808—
Barret received ...    ..286
Breckinridge''    68
Blair " 159'
Total.
.511
Contestant accounts for this increase in the vote,
and Barret's large majority, upon the ground that
a mob of persons, mostly non-residents, took pos-
session of the polls, and not only voted fraudu-
lently, but prevented the legal voters from the
exercise of the privilege of the elective franchise,
and in some cases took Blair tickets from his
friends and forced them by threats and violence
to vote for Barret.
Let the testimony on both sides be thoroughly
examined:
Henry T. Blow, witness for Blair, says he gave
a Blair ticket to an old man; Mr. Donnelly jegked
the old manaway, and tried to get the ticket away,
and said to the old man, "You shan't vote that
ticket, you are one of our men." Witness says
that Donnelly used abusive language towards him,
witness. It Vias the impression of witness that
Donnelly had a mob to sustain hnn in anything
lie might do. Witness met Donnelly next day,
and he apologized. Witness was satisfied it was
the intention of the friends of Mr. Barret, at Ca-
rondelet, to use force, or any other means in their
power, to catry the election. Witness says he
had no difficulty in casting his vote; all the old
residents went to the polls undisturbed. Witness
^ays there was no fighting. (Pp. 450, 451, 456,
457.)
Madison Miller, witness for Blair, was at the
polls all day as a friend of Blair, challenging
votes, and challenged and had sworn all he thought
weie doubtful. Witness says no one was pre-
vented from voting at Carondelet. (P. 552.)
Frederick Hill, witness for Blair, said Barret's
friends used no violence with the old. man spoken
of by Blow, but they used threatening language
to the old man. (P. 5G0.) When asked what
the threatening language was, witness said they
told the old man he ought to be ashamed of him-
self to vote that ticket which Blow gave him. (P.
561.)
John Cady, witness for Blair, says there was
no fighting at Carondelet, but they were riotously
inclined. (P. 763.)
Bernard Block, witness for Blair, says he saw
no more excitement at. the polls m Carondelet
than usual at elections, and he has lived in Ca-
rondelet near four years. (Pp. 569, 57J.)
11. H. Whiting, witness for Blair, says he was
at the polls in Carondelet from.nine to twelve
o'clock, and from two to five o'clock; that he saw
no disturbance, no mob, oranything of the kind.
Some loud talking occasionally, but nothing riot-
ous at all. (P. 700.)
I might well Jet this matter rest with the testi-
mony of contestant's own witnesses; but that I
may more clearly show the cool assurance with
which these charges are made, 1 will refer to tes-
timony on my side.
Samuel Knight, witness for Barret, says he was
one of the judges of election at Carondelet: that
lie saw no more misbehavior than at any election;
that there was loud talking and noise; that people
will talk at elections; that* there was no violence;
that the polls were kept clear, and every man al-
lowed to vote as he wanted. (P. 823.)
Richard Southard says that nobody was pre-
vented from voting as he pleased at Carondelet;
that no one carried the old man spoken of by
Blow; that the old man went along willingly with
witness. Donelly did not jerk the old man away.
(Pp. 834, 835.)
Michael Dougherty was at the polls in Caron-
delet; he says there was no lighting, no rows, no
noting, no mob, no violence, and no one pre-
vented from voting. (P. 850.)
E. J. Donnelly was at the Carondelet precinct;
says he did not jerk the old man away from
Blow, and that he did not use any abusive lan- i
guage to Blow. (P. 863.) That ho was not |
backed by a mob. (P. 864 ) Pie did not apolo- t
gize to Blow the next day; but that Blow said to ;
him: " You fellows beat us fairly;'' and in refer- |
ence to the old. man, Mr. Blow said the old man ;
was under obligations to him; that he had given |
him two dollars to buy a pair of shoes, (P. 864.) i
Michael Chartrandsays that he was atth-c-pojte
in Carondelet al/day; that.it wasth£ most'peace-
able election that was ever held in CawmdeletY
that he saw the old man spoken of by-BioVyand--
that he walked off unrestrained; -no violence wa&
used towards him. Hesaid that Madison Miller
said, after the election was ovoi-, that he was-
pleased with the manned in which h« had been>
treated. (P. 869.) ; ■ •
If the testimony of Block, Whitingj-and-other^,.
(witnessesof Mr.* Blair*) be not sufficient td prdfre
the peacefulness of the polls in Carondelet', let-us
look at the evidence of old Jacob
resident and one of the judges. ■ He voted forJBlttir,
and ought to be believed. '
This witness says it was peateable and quiet at
the polls in Carondelet; that there wmtiomobf
no fighting, no quarreling; as peaceable an election
as he ever saxo. (P. 822.) 1 "
He has been living m Carondelet sixteen yeam:
But here, too, the increased vote is objected to^*
and Blair complains of Barret's majority over him*'
and makes it a ground for a charge of fraud. •'
In 1858 the election was a general one,-and any
one in the township of Carondelet, or even m the
county of St. Louis, could vote at Carondelet.
Accordingly, many outside of the corporate lim'-
its of the town voted at this precinct. Besides^
this precinct was in the southern district'^ aliit
many merchants and others doing business lit
Louis and residing cither in th6 town or township
of Carondelet, had been in the habit of voting iff
St. Louis. Owing to the fact that there was an
exciting election for county judge m the southern
district, many who had been voting in St. Louis
voted in Carondelet. Among the number may be
named the contestant himself. There were also
many of the 24,256 voters of the city of St. Louis
who voted at Carondelet. (See testimony of Hill;
p. 561; also II.H.Whiting,p.701; Brown,p.696.)
Under these circumstances, Barret's majority
over Blair was only 127. At the Apnl election,
1858, for Mayor, when the vote was confined to
the corporate limits of the town, a Democrat re:
ceived a majority of 129 over the Republicancan-
didate. Then there were only about 370 votes
polled. But it must be remembered that, accord*
ing to the census taken in the spring of 1858, die
population of Carondelet was only 2,600. (Sed
testimony of Chartrand, p. 868.) In the Septem-
ber following, the census showed 3,100 inhabit-
ants. (Southard, p. 847.) Miller says the pop-
ulation of Carondelet incieased more in the last
six months than ever before.
But if the vote—511—at a general election in
1858, when many from St. Louis voted in Caronde-
let—when many outside of the corporate limits
voted there—wasaJarge vote, what will be thought
of the vote cast there the 2d of April, i860,at fit
incite municipal election, and the vote confined
to the corporate limits—which was 657?
Contestant also asserts " that it is proved that
twenty-five or thirty men were broughtover from
Illinois, where they were set at work on the Wa-
terloo turnpike, and that they voted the Demo-
cratic ticket, and left the day after the election for
parts unknown."
Whiting says (p. 699) that he saw from thirty-
five to fortv men taken up in a carryall by De May
to vote. The most of them were working on the
Waterloo turnpike, in Illinois.
" Question. Weie they entitled lo vote there:'
u ulnsicer. I cannot t-ay that; I did not know at the time
that tiicy weie boarding oa this side, and i supposed they
had no right to vote."
Brown saya (p. 696) he saw, on the day after
the election, ten or twelve leave Carondelet, with
carpet-sacks.
Grabe says (p. 694) that he saw ten or twelve
men leave, with their carpet-sacks.
These arc all the witnesses referred to by con-
testant. Now,by whomhas he proved hischarge?
Contestant says:
 £jt is proved that twenty men came from the Illinois
bottom, opposite Carondelet,"during the spring, driven away
by high water,, and they voted the Democratic ticket; that
tiie> weie challenged at the polls', arid Chaitrand threat-
ened the challenger, and compelled him to withdraw it,
although he well knew they were not entitled to vote, two
of them being his relations."
The testimony of John Cady is referred to,
(p. 765.) He says, (p. 766:)
" F challenged one little Frenchman's vote; he had been
