B20
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
1 From the views, then, of one of the most distin-
guished of southern statesmen, it is not a wild con-
jecture to suppose that, in the progress of events,
unless stfme change takfes place in his condition,
the slave -will rise and assert his natural rights and
stamp on " the wild and guilty fantasy that man
can hold property in mem."
And now, Mr. Chairman, a word in respect to
this thing with seven heads and ten horns, which
has furnished a theme for so much impetuous dec-
lamation and ridiculous parade with our southern
friends, and I close. I refer, sir, to the publication
of Mr. Helper, entitled The Impending Crisis of
the South, mainly drawn from the United States
census of 1850, calculated to prave that slaveiy
is a curse to the South; that it is paralyzing to the
prosperity of the South; an incubus upon their
material and social advancement; and that it oper-
ates to crush out all the individualism, hopes,
and primal instincts of the non-slaveholding class,
and is therefore to be deprecated.
And just here I will oe allowed to read from
this work, the recommending of which, by acci-
dfent or otherwise, has been sufficient cause, in
the view of Democrats, for keeping this House
unorganized for eight weeks, and for denouncing
Republican members with all manner of oppro-
brious epithets—yes, sir, read from this work the
mostintense abolition, treasonable, and incendiary
doctrine to be found between its lids, the utter-
ances of one of Virginia's own sons,-and who
has just been rewarded by this same Democratic
party with the French mission! Listen to the
heretical language of Hon. Charles James Faulk-
ner, in the Virginia House of Delegates, January
20, 1832:
" Sir, if there be one who concurs with that gentleman
as to the harmless character of this institution, let me re-
quest him to compare the condition of the slaveholdmg por-
tion of this Commonwealth, barren, de.«olate, and seared,
as it were, by the avenging hand of Heaven, with the de-
scription which we have of tins country from those who
first broke its virgin soil. To what is this change to be at-
tributed? Hone to the&ithenng and, blas^m* ejf&is of sla-
very—to that vice in the organization of society, by which
one half of its inhabitants arc arrayed m interest and feel-
ing against the other half—to that unfortnnate state of so-
ciety m which freemen regard labor as disgraceful, and
slaves shrink from it as a burden tyrannically imposed on
them.
"In the language of the wise and patriotic Jeffeison,
' You must approach it—you must bear it—you niu^t adopt
some plan of emancipation, or worse will follow.'"
Now, I do not think I have ever said anything
as fierce and defiant and sweeping in condemna-
tion of your system of negro slavery as this; and
I do not know that Mr. Helper lias. I do not say
it is unjust or unwise; it is rather a question of
policy or taste, which I leave to southern gentle-
men to settle in their own way. But to the mat-
ter of arraignment; and I have this to say: my
constituents do not expect mc to ask permission of
the South when, or how, or where, lmay indorse
or recommcnd, for circulation or otherwise, any
pamphlet or book whatever. They treat with
respectful disdain your perversions of my motives,
ana condemn the disingenuous argument of gen-
tlemen, wrung from infelicitous phrases and sen-
tences to be found in the work, to cast imputations
.upon my patriotism and honor.
My constituents and the free people of the
North have not arrived at the point when they
will, ill servile obedience to any class of men, be
dictated to in what they shall read, nor what they
shall respectfully advise others to read; and I
trust in God they never will. A large majority
of the people of the N ortli will take the liberty of
exposing the injurious and debasing influence of
slavery upon our national politics; its disadvant-
ages in an economical point of view; its antago-
nism to Christianity and the higher and better m-
terests of civilization; and acting upon these con-
victions, in stern political duty, will* strive to limit
its extension and destroy its preponderance in the
affairs of the General Government.
This is no new doctrine or modern theory; it
was the universal conviction of oui people, up toa
few years ago, as patent upon every pa°:e of our
political histoiy as the talismamc characters on
the cimeter of Solyman ivere to his hosts; and I
have aimed, I trust successfully, to show that
the Republican party, of which I am proud to be
.a member, is but the historical outgrowth of the
condition and circumstances of our country, while
its principles are as old as the framework of our
society,•and coeval with th^ first notions of our
ancestors, of independent self-go v eminent.
It occupies now no temporary ground; it has
no entirely special purpose; but with duties as
varied as the interests of our free institutions and
the welfare of our people, the purity of its doc-
trines, sanctioned by the fathers and sustained
by a long lino of illustrious patriots and states-
men, gives it a permanency and promise not meas-
ured by generations of men. And to the imme-
diate causes which called our ©rganization into
being, add the lawless and unprovoked violence
to freemen in Kansas; the attempt not only to
force slavery upon that fair domain, contrary to
the will of the people, but to ponvey and protect
it by Federal power wherever the Constitution
extends; and now, the espionage and ostracism
carried on ip the South against Northern men, and
you have given us a rising power and swelling
current of public opinion which can no more be
turned aside than the course of the winds or the
on-sweeping tide of the ocean.
Mr. LAMAR obtained the floor.
Mr. MAYNARD. I renew my application to
allow the committee to rise, so that the House
may adjourn.
Mr. LAMAR. As I desire to have some little
time to think over the speech that I have just
listened to, I will yield for that purpose.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move that the committee
do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr. Phelps hav-
ing taken the chair, as Speaker pro tempore, Mr.
Wasiiberne, t>f Illinois, reported that the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had had under consideration the Union generally,
and especially the last annual message of the
President of the United States, and had come to
no resolution thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. BINGHAM, (at
five o'clock, p. m.,) the House adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 17, 1860.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
.by Rev. J. L. Elliott.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
COMMITTEE ON JOINT RULES.
The SPEAKER appointed Messrs. Stanton,
Phelps, and Sherman, a committee on the part of
the House, to cooperate with a like committee to
be appointed on the part of the Senate, to revise
the joint rules of the two Houses.
WASHINGTON STATUE.
The SPEAKER appointed Mr. Beale, in the
place of Mr. Train, declined, on the committee to
cooperate with a like committee on the part of the
Senate, to make arrangements for the inaugura-
tion of the Washington statue.
FOUXDERY IS ALARAMA.
Mr. CURRY introduced a bill to establish a
foundery in Shelby county, Alabama; which was
read a first, and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
HARBOR AT MOUTH OF GRAND RIVER.
Mr. WADE introduced abill making an appro-
priation for the repair of the harbor at the mouth
of Grand river, in the county of Lake, in the
State of Ohio; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
HOMESTEADS TO SETTLERS.
Mr. McCLERNAND introduced a bill to grant
homesteads in limited quantities, out of the pub-
lic lands, upon certain conditions; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
ConnmtTee on Public Lands.
WILLIAM W. COMPTOX.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I want the per-
mission of the House this morning to introduce
abill for reference, which I had prepared but had
mislaid when my State was called yesterday, and
therefore I could not then introduce it. It is a pri-
vate bill, and I merely wish to have it referred to
the appropriate committee.
No objection being made, the bill for the relief
of William W. Compton was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Military Allans
CHANCE OP REFERENCE.
On motion of Mr. HOARD, the Committee of
Claims was discharged from the further consid-
eration of the papers in the case of the heirs of
Almon W. Babbitt; and the same were referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
UNITED STATES AGRICULTURAL SOCIETY.
Mr. FOUKE. At a recent meeting of the ex-
ecutive board of the United States Agricultural
Society, a committee was appointed to prepare a
bill to incorporate that society. I now ask the
unanimous consent of the House to introduce that
bin.
No objection being made, the bill to incorporate
the United States Agricultural Society was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia.
CHARLES W. BROOKS.
Mr. DUELL, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill for the relief of Charles W. Brooks;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
DESKS IN THE HALL.
Mr. MILES. I'rise to what I conceive to be
a privileged question. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the Speaker to the violation of an order
of the House, which has been committed by the
Doorkeeper of the House; and in such violation
I conceive that he has been guilty of very censur-
able conduct. The House, at its last session,
positively ordered that the desks should be re-
moved from the Hall of the House.
Now, I observe this morning, notwithstanding
the fact that the gentleman from Ohio in front of
me [Mr. Vai.landigham] called attention to this
standing order of the House yesterday, that, as
if 111 contemptuous disregard of that intimation,
the floor of the Hall has been blocked up and lit-
erally covered in some places with these desks
which have been reintroduced; and I call upon
you, bir,to enforce this order of the House. The
Doorkeeper has no right to bring into this Hall
the desks which the House has positively ordered
to be removed. Whenever this House, in its
judgment, thinks proper to change the existing
arrangement of seats—whenever this House
chooses to go back to the old system of desks—
a desk for each member—they certainly have the
clear, undoubted right to do so; but until tha
House has made some such order, I hold that
neither the Doorkeeper nor any individual mem-
ber of the House ought to violate the order by
introducing a desk upon the floor at all.
Now, I am quite ready, whenever the proper
time comes, to go into a discussion of this matter,
calmly and impartially, and to submit my views
and my arguments on the subject to the consid-
eration of the House; and I will most cheerfully
acquiesce, as we all will do, in the judgmentof the
House. But the present system—the arrange-
ment which we see this morning—combines the
disadvantages of both systems, without the ad-
vantages of either. It is an unjust discrimination
to allow some members to have the privilege of a
private desk upon the floor, while a great major-
ity are deprived of that convenience.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman from South Carolina a single question. I
would like to ask him whether he is willing that
the sense of the majority of the House shall be
fairly expressed in regard to the arrangement of
the Hall, without interposing any objection?
Mr. MILES. Certainly; I am perfectly satis- *
fied.
Mr.MAYNARD. Is ho willing that afajr vote
shall be taken on a motion to restore the desks?
Mr. MILES. 1 am perfectly willing. I desire
nothing else. I think my whole course upon the
floor might have satisfied the gentleman from Ten-
nessee that that was a superfluous question. I
am perfectly willing that the House should dis-
pose of the matter as it sees fit.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. As one of
the " squatter sovereigns," I agree to the propo-
sition of the gentleman from South Carolina. I
wish no other or greater privilege than other mem-
bers on this floor. I resisted, at the Inst session
ofCongress.to theextentof my ability, the change
in the arrangement of seats. We see now what
the result of that change is, and if the introduc- <
tion of these d^sfcs* by m<nnbei* has tl.o < t
