2790
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9,
honest debtor in private life would scorn to refuse
to his creditor.
I do not know tliat my State has asked for a
settlcmentof her account; but! do know that she
gave her money freely to the United States when
the country was in peril, and that there is now
due to her front the General Government, in an
honest settlement, more than two hundred thou-
sand dollars. And why shall not Pennsylvania,
and Virginia, and North Carolina, and all the
other gallant old States, who loaned their money
to sustain theGovernmentin the war of 1812, have
the same justice rendered to them which was
meted to the States of Alabama and Maryland?
My friend, the Senator from Michigan, is a
merchant, and a successful one, and should un-
derstand accounts. 1 will not stop to notice his
errors of calculation ;but I cannot, without a word,
permit his jeer to pass at the expense of the brave
troops who served in the war of 1812, and de-
fended the settlers on the frontiers, of which his
State was then a portion. He says this debt was
incurred by the States themselves to support their
own troops, called to arms for their own defense,
and that " some of them went out to fight, and
some to run away." He is in error. They were
called out on the requisition of the President of
the United States, and served under the orders of
her commanders. The only running m that war,
I remember, was in the State that Senator so faith-
fully represents, and in the town where he lives.
Of course he was not there. My State sent her
troops there, to aid them in their peril, and save
them from further alarm.
Mr. COLLAMER. Bladensburg.
Mr. CAMERON. I had forgotten Bladens-
burg.
Mr.DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, I have lis-
tened to this debate with a good deal of interest.
I do not rise to argue the question; but as I have
been reminded by some of my friends that upon
a formeg occasion I voted for this amendment on
a bill, I desire, in a single word, to explain my
vote. It is true, as stated by the Senator from
Georgia, that the modern rule of computation of
interest is as he states it. It has been the rule of
computation of interest adopted by the courts
throughout the whole United States for the last
thirty years; but it is equally true that the old
mode of computation was otherwise. Compara-
tively this is a modern mode of computation for
which the Senator from Georgia now contends.
The accounts between the General Government
and thcStateswere settled by theoldmode of com-
putation, and not upon the now; and because the
law of the country has changed, I do not see in
that a reason why these accounts, which have
once been settled upon the old mode of computa-
tion, a mode of computation which existed up to
about the time when they were settled, should
now be, opened.
The embarrassment, however, in which I feel
myself placed is this: that on a former occasion
Congress consented to open the accounts with the
State of Maryland and the State of Alabama; and
because they have opened the accounts with them
it is urged upon us, with a great deal of force, that
we ought to open the accounts with all the other !
States, and put them precisely upon a footing of j
equality. I feel the force of this argument press- '
ing upon me, 1 confess;.and yet 1 believe it is
better, if we have committed an error in opening
the accounts with Maryland arid with Alabama,
that we should not go any further in that direc-
tion; but I would prefer respectfully to ask these
States to refund the interest which we have paid
them by mistake, as 1 apprehend, in opening this
account with them.
Least of all, Mr. President, do I, as the rep-
resentative of one of the youngest States of this
Confederacy, object to the opening of these ac-
counts because it might be for the benefit of any
of the older States in the Confederacy. There is
nothing in the history of the relation of the new
States to the old which should call upon the Rep-
resentatives of the new States to deny either jus-
tice or generosity to the older States, for we have
never been treated otherwise than with justice and
generosity at their hands. But, sir, 1 oppose it
simply on the ground that it would be bad policy
to open accounts which have been settled beyond
the time when, peihaps, some members on this
floor were born, which were settled upon the old
rule of computation as it was understood by the
Department. The new rulev%f computation, I
believe, was first laid down in the courts by Chan-
cellor Kent, about the year 1824. This rule, I
concede, is the acknowledged rule of computation
of interest between man and man. It is right
enough in itself; but it was then for the first time
laid down by Chancellor Kent in the court of
chancery in the State of New York, and the lan-
guage which he then adopted in laying down that
rule has been adopted substantially by all the
courts of the United States. I say it is a compar-
atively new mode of computation, although, as
compared with the life of an individual, a very
old mode.
On this ground, Mr. President, I shall give my
vote against the opening of these accounts with
these States, although i confess I feel the force of
the argument which is pressed upon me that we
made this mistake with Maryland and with Ala-
bama in opening the accounts with them. If it
were possible to correct the mistake by respect-
fully asking them to close the accounts, and leave
them on the ground on which they formerly stood,
and refund the money, I should prefer to do that;
but it cannot be done. Notwithstanding, I con-
fess frankly, that I feel somewhat pushed by this
argument that, because we have done this to one
or two States, we ought to do it with all; yet I
think we have been wrong in doing that, and I
cannot go further.
Mr. CHANDLER. TheSenatorfromPennsyl-
vania says the only troops that ran during the
last war were those stationed at Detroit. Well,
sir, Detroit had no population at that time, and
being a mere military post, and the Senator's own
troops being there, 1 submit whether it is for him
to call attention to the fact that it was there, and
there only, that the troops ran.
Mr. CAMERON. The hit would be very fair,
if it was truthful; but this is the factin regard to
the troops of Pennsylvania. They went out there
to save the people left in Detroit, when the citi-
zens and soldiers had run away. The troops of
my State went out to save the country.
Mr. CHANDLER. One word more, sir. I
think the Senator is mistaken in point of fact, for
1 believe when the Capitol was burned, there was
some little scattering about here. I think there
must have been some running about that time.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. Buchanan did not come
os far as Washington. [Laughter.]
Mr. SIMMONS. I desire to say one word in
regard to the time when this rule was adopted
that the Senator from Wisconsin speaks about.
He says this rule was adopted in 1824. Then it
was adopted throughout the country before one
of these States was settled with, before a law
was passed allowing interest by his own show-
ing. He says it was laid down by Chancellor
Kent in 1824, and the first law that was made for
paying interest was in 1825; and, I believe, none
was paid until long after; so that the rule was a
mistake in computation at the time the money
was paid. It was the settled rule at the time these
laws were passed. I am astonished to hear men
insist upon it that this is a proposition to pay in-
terest upon interest. It is not so; it doesnot say
so; but J will not go into that. I believe the Sen-
ate understands it.
One word about this being hard on the new
States. When this subject was up the other day,
the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Pugii] wanted all this
old deposit business stated, and to have the old
accounts restated upon that. If I was in a new
State I would vote for the proposition to give five
per cent, for school money, because J never have
voted against appropriations for public schools
in my life, and never mean to do so. But for a
new Stateto propose to restate accounts with the
old ones, is precisely like a man proposing to re-
state an account with his parents, and trying to
bring a balance against them. Sir, these old
States paid more money m the war that conquered
the territory they arc upon from a common ene-
my than all the fee-simple value of the Slates now
is worth, if you compute interest on them. There
is no doubt about that. That interest has been set-
tled and paid long ago, and I am willing to be as
liberal to them as they desire; but as to their com-
plaint of a fair and just computation in the settle-
ment of the accounts of the old States, it comes
with a very bad grace from them. I should as
soon undertake to keep an interest account with
my mother.
'The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bigler in
the chair.) The question is on the amendment
of the Senator from Illinois to the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Georgia.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the question,
and declared that the ayes seemed to have it.
Mr. IYERSON. I understood that the yeas
and nays were called.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. They have not
been ordered.
Mr. IYERSON. I call for the yeas and nays
on the amendment of the Senator from Illinois.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DAVIS. Before the roll is called, I should
like to hear the amendment road.
The Secretary read the amendment to the
amendment in the sixth and seventh lines, to
strike out the following words:
tCSo far a<5 they had themselves either paid interest or
lost interest by the transfer of an interest-bearing fund."
Mr. ANTHONY. I desire to say that on this
question I am paired with the honorable Senator
from California, [Mr. Gwin.]
Mr. DIXON. I am paiied with the Senator
from New York, [Mr. King.]
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 11, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS-—Messrs. Chandler, Clark, Davis, Durkee, Hale,
Hemphill, Johnson of Atkansa-, Johnson of Tennessee,
Slide!!, Ti&mbuII, and Wade—11.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayaid, Biglcr, Rrown,Carneron, Cfins;-
man, Crittenden, Doohttle, Fes^endcn, Fitzpatnek, Foster,
Green. Hamlin, Hammond, Hunter. Iversorj, Lane, MaJ-
lory, Mason, Nicholson, Pearee, Polk, Powell, Pugh, Se-
ba*tian, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Toombs, and Wilkinson— 28-
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Georgia.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I wish to say a word
or two on this subject. This is-not the simple
proposition which has been stated by the Senator
from Pennsylvania. It is not the case of a debt
bearing interest as due by one individual to an-
other.
The reopening of the accounts of States after
such a lapse of time ought to have been made the
subject of a distinct and separate bill, that it might
have been duly and properly settled and determ-
ined. Now, sir, take the State of Virginia, one
of the largest creditors, and who has been one of
the most patriotic of our States. Before 1825
every dollar of the principal claimed by her had
been paid. She so considered it. This Govern-
ment so considered it. That was the understand-
ing in 1825. Upon application, and its being
made known that Virginia, upon some of this,
money that she advanced had been obliged her-
self to pay interest, this Government, by the act
of 1825, authorized the accounting officers of the
Treasury to settle with her and to allow her in-
terest upon so much of the principal which had
been due to her as she herself had paid interest
upon. Here was the beginning of this long lit-
igation. Virginia, before 1825, did not present
herself as an ordinary creditor, like individuals
in their ordinary transactions of common life.
She had advanced money. The object was to
save her harmless. That was all she asked. That
was the understanding. Both were soveieigns.
They were not dealing for profit. They were not
for making money out of one another. In a great
common cause, Virginia, having the means, ad-
vanced money. She did not present Inn-self as an
ordinary creditor according to the description of
the law. Regarding hei self as one of the great
partnership which constituted the Union, she
had advanced treasuie freely in a common cause.
She came to be reimbursed. The officers of the
Government were to save her harmless. That
was all she asked, all she claimed; and that was
a petition suitable to her dignity and her charac-
ter. She was paid every dollar. Immediately
after the war an act was passed refunding to the
States the advances which they had made in the
general and common cause, and for the defense
of the country in that war. She was paid under
that act.
