1860. '
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
827
bringing the House to a vote upon the question,
I shall be entirely satisfied.
Mr. MILES. That is my desire also.
Mr. MeCLERNAND. I rise to a privileged
question. I call for the special order—the elec-
tion of a Printer.
Mr. Mc&UEEN. I desire to say a few words
in justification 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will allow
the Chair to state the question. The gentleman
from South Carolina [Mr. Miles] rises to what
he considers a privileged question, and the Chair
particularly desires that the question shall be de-
cided by j. vote of the House whether it isapriv-
- ileged question or not, and then the House will
be satisfied with the result.
Mr. RUST. Allow me to do an act of justice
to the Doorkeeper. —
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The Door-
keeper is not responsible for placing the seat here
which I occupy. 1 had it put here myself. It is
right that I should say this, in justice to the Door-
keeper.
Mr. RUST. I desire to say that I am respons-
ible for the desk brought in here for my use.
Mr. CONKLING. And so am I responsible
for mine.
Mr. RUST. If any one is to be censured, I
am responsible, and not the Doorkeeper. *
Mr. Mc&UEEN. It is only fair to the Door-
keeper to state that my desk was put here by my
own order, and that I alone am responsible for it.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. Will the gentle-
man from South Carolina yield me the floor for a
moment ? *
Mr. MILES. I will yield to the gentleman
from Maryland.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I want to say
one word only. The blame in this matter, if blame
there be—and I see none—does not rest with the
Doorkeeper of the House; and I know the gen-
tleman from South Carolina would be the last
man to cast censure where it does not belong.
Thesedesks have been put here by gentlemen who
find that they are precluded, by the peculiar ar-
rangement of the Hall and the monopoly of tJte
drawers in the different tables,from those oppor-
tunities of writing which others, who have se-
cured drawers, enjoy. Those facilities are essen-
tial; and I think the experience of the House, thus
far, shows that the engineer in charge of the con-
struction of this building, who made this peculiar
change under the order of the last Congress, did
it rather in subservience to one of his own whims
and tastes than with reference to the true conve-
nience of the House.
Mr. MILES. I am very glad to hear the gen-
tleman state, what the gentleman from Arkansas
[Mr. Rost] had previously stated in substance,
that the Doorkeeper is not so much to blame in
this matter as I had supposed. I do not desire to
do any injustice to any officer, and I admit that it
is very difficult for the Doorkeeper to refuse the
urgent solicitation of members, when they under-
take to assume responsibility themselves; but I
am sorry that any gentleman m the House should
have undertaken by indirection, as it were, to put
aside a standing rule of the House . I am perfectly
willing, whenever the House wishes, to take a
vote upon this subject. I am willing that the ques-
tion shall be presented, and that a direct vote shall
be taken upon it; and if it is the wish of the House
that we shall go back to the old arrangement, I am
perfectly willing that such an order shall be made.
Mr. MeCLERNAND. I insist upon my.qucs-
. tion of order, that the time has arrived for exe-
cuting the special order of the House.
Mr. MILES. I desire that I shall be allowed
to go on without interruption. I shall not detain
the House long.
Mr. MeCLERNAND. I rise to a question of
order. The House yesterday tidopted an order
that, at one o'clock to-day, we should go into the
election of a Printer for the present Congress.
That time has arrived, and 1 ask that the order
shall be executed.
Mr. MILES. I did not hear the gentleman
from Illinois.
Mr. Mc&UEEN. I desire to say one word in
justification of the Doorkeeper of the House. 1
'have been instrumental in having a desk placed
here for my own accommodation; and I will say
to my friend from South Caiolina that my reason
for doing it was this: when 1 came here at the
commencement of the present session, I found all
the old desks removed; but I ftrandjatbles placed
here in the Hall with drawers .sufficient for the
accommodation of, perhaps, one tenth the mem-
bers of the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Not half that
number. *
Mr. McdUEEN. When my colleague speaks
of its not being within the privileges of members
to have those desks here, I will say that there
are privileges here which are monopolized by one
tenth of the members of the House, who have
placed their names upon the drawers of those
tables, and who are in possession of facilities which
are denied to others. So far as the Doorkeeper is
concerned, I exonerate him from all responsibil-
ity, so far as my desk is concerned. I had it
placed there myself, and am therefore responsible
for it. But, sir, I do not think that the placing
of those desks here is a violation of the resolution
adopted at the last session. The desks have been
removed from the Hall in compliance with that
resolution; but that does not preclude these desks
from being brought into the open space not occu-
pied by the seats placed in the Hall. About one
third the space of the Hall is left vacant. There
is no convenience in the arrangement as we find
it. I do not think any censure, in any event, can
be placed upon the Doorkeeper; but the present
arrangement of the Hall does great injustice to
those who have not drawers assigned them.
Mr. MeCLERNAND. I insist on my question
of order.
Mr. FLORENCE. I wish to say to the gentle-
man from South Carolina, that I do not think the
resolution of the last session has been fairly car-
ried out. I voted at the last session for the res-
olution, which was merely that the desks should
be removed, and chairs placed in their places* It
did not contemplate any such permanent arrange-
ment as has been carried ouL
[The House was at this time in a state of very
great confusion—members standing up all over
the Hall, shouting "Mr. Speaker!" rising to
questions of order, and proposing to speak upon
the question pending.]
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I rise to a question
of order. I make the question of order for the
purpose of bringing the matter directly before the
House. My question is, that it is not a question
of privilege for a member to call upon the Speaker
to construe a resolution of the last Congress.
Mr. MILES. I am merely calling upon the
Speaker to execute the order of the House.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Well, sir, I wish a
vote of the House upon it.
The SPEAKER. The first question which the
Chair will submit to the House is, whether the
proposition of the gentleman from South Carolina
shall be entertained as a question of privilege ?
Mr. DAVIDSON. Before that question is put,
I would like to have the resolution adopted at the
last session read.
Mr. MILLSON obtained the floor.
Mr. MeCLERNAND. I insist that a decision
shall be made upon my question of order. I have
submitted, and 1 repeat, that, the House having
fixed a special order for one o'clock, to-day, and
that hour having arrived, nothing is in order ex-
cept to proceed to the election of a Printer.
A Member. That hour has past, and your
special order goes over.
Mr. MILES. The question which I raised is
one of privilege, and I submit that it cannot be
interfered with until it has been disposed of.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The gentleman from Virginia is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. MILLSON. The Chair proposes to pre-
sent to the House the question whether the sug-
gestion of the gentleman from South Carolina
[Mr. Miles] is a question of privilege? That
submission by the Chair, I beg leave to say, I do
not think is proper. The-suggestion of the gen-
tleman from South Carolina is, unquestionably,
a suggestion of privilege; but I do not think it is a
question to be divided by the House. It is a ques-
tion invoking tke decision of the Speaker, who
alone is competent to exceute the order of .the
House. By the rules of the House, the arrange-
ments of the Hall, and of all the rooms immedi-
ately under the control of the House of Repre-
sentatives, have been given to the Speaker; and
all that is necessary for the gentleman f« i South
Carolina now to do, is to call the attention of the
Speaker to this violationof the order of theHouse,
whiclr I conceive it plainly to be. And until the
House rescinds that order, it seems to me the
Speaker wfll ex officio direct the removal of the
desks. Ibegnowthat the Clerk will read the rules
tinder which the Speaker has always exercised
control, in regard to the arrangements of the Hall.
I will state that, on many previous occasions,
cjiairs have been placed in front" of the station-
ary desks in the old Hall, by the consent of the
Speaker. I ask the Clerk to read the rules which
I have indicated.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"No person shall be permitted to perform divine service
in the Chamber occupied by the House of Representatives,
unless with the consent of the Speaker.—Rule 140.
The unappropriated rooms, in- that part of the Capitol
assigned to the House, shall be subject to the order and
disposal of the Speaker, until the further order of the
House.—Rule 347.
" By the act of May 2,1828, tlie Speaker is authorized,
jointly with the President of the Senate, to prescribe rules
and regulations for the care, preservation, and erderly keep-
ing and police,ofall such portions of theCapitol, itsappur-
tenances, and the enclosures about it, and the public build-
ings and property in its immediate vicinity, as are not in
the exclusive use and occupation of either House of Con-
gress; which rules, &c., shall be obeyed by the Commis-
sioner of Public Buildings.—Statutes at Large, volume 4,
page 266."
Mr. MILLSON. I will state further, that in
reference to grantingpermission to various artists
to exhibit their pictures and works in any of the
halls or rooms in the Capitol, under the control®
of the House, it is often found necessary to obtain
the permission of the Speaker.
I suggest to the gentleman from South Carolina,
then, that all that is necessary is to call the atten-
tion of the Speaker to the fact, and request him to
execute the order of the House; and, as a reason
why it should be executed, I will only remark, in
conclusion, that although these desks may be very
convenient for writing, upon the part of members,
it was for that very purpose, to prevent unneces- -.
sary writing in the Hall, and of compelling the
attention of members to the current business of
the House, that the House, at the last session, di-
rected that the desks should be removed, and that
the members should be brought into the smallest
convenient space in front of the Clerk's desk.
Mr. MILES. I will not detain the House long,
and I must request that in the very few remarks
I have to make I shall not be interrupted. I beg
leave now to say, in advance, that I will courte-
ously and respectfully, 6ut emphatically, refuse
to yield to any gentleman.
Wow, sir, I will first read the resolution.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I ask the Chair
to decide the point of order before any further
debate is allowed.
Mr. MILES. Undoubtedlythegentlemanfrom
Illinois has the right to make that demand.
The SPEAKER. The Chair holds that the
proposition made by the gentleman from South
Carolina is in the nature of a question^ of privi-
lege: and as such he will put the question to the
Hwuse.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I call the gentle-
man from South Carolina to order; for until the
Speaker has positively decided the question, debate
is out of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has already de-
cided the question to be one of privilege.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I understood the
Speaker to say that he would leave the question
to the determination of the House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from South
Carolina will state his question, so that it will be
before the House distinctly.
Mr. MILES. I will do so. I rise, sir, to a
privileged question; and the privileged question I
raise is this: the House of Representatives, at the
last session of the last Congress, adopted the fol-
lowing resolution:
" Resolved, That the superintendent of the Capitol ex-
tension be directed, after the adjournment of the present
session of Congress, to remove the desks from tlie Hall of
the House, and make sueh arrangement of the seats of mem-
bers as will bring them together into the smallest convenient
space."
That was the order which the House adopted—
that the superintendent should remove the desks
from the Hall; and I ask, sir, what gentleman has
any authority to bring in one of these desks with-
out the permission of the House ?
1 am happy, Mr. Speaker, to exonerate the
Do~orkePj?er, I fofWs already partially done,
