I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GfLOBl.
36xh Cong. ... 1st Sess.
Missouri Contested Election—Mr. Barret.
Ho. of Reps.
pains to look into the St. Louis Directory,in order
to ascertain how many there are of each m the
city. I find 11 John Collins; 28 J. Ryans; 8 Pat
Ryans: 10 John Sullivans; 11 James Browns; 6
Pat Bums; 6 William Barns; 6 John Caseys; 8
John Careys; 9 John DoyJes; 8 Pat Kellys; 18
James Murphys; 27 John Murphys; 22 John
O'Bdens; 9 Pat O'Briens; 11 Michael Ryans; 24
John Myers; 18 James Murphys; 13 Thomas
Murphys; and 34 John Smiths.
Is it strange that you find on the poll-books two
Pat Murphys or two Pat Sullivans? Is it a reason
for a chaige of fraudulent voting; that there hap-
pens to be two voters of the same name in a city
of such a large population ?
But special objection is made to the returns of
the ninth ward, because of the increase over the
vote of 1836. The vote in this ward m August,
1858, was ljGOl. At the municipal election in
April, 1859, the vote was 1,881. In the fifth ward
2,381 votes were cast in 1858, and m 1859 there
were 2,102. Here is a ward in which I received
a large majority. Nothing is said about fraud;
nothing about violence. My vote was a very large
increase over Mr. Reynolds's vote m 1856; but
here was a falling off in 1859. In the fourth waid,
wherje fraud was charged, and where they seek
to strike out 177 votes, the vote in August, 1858,
was 1,767; and in 1859 it was 1,916. So in the
tenth ward, the vote was 2,886 in 1858, while u
was 2,954 in 1859. In the third ward the vote
was 917 in 1858, and 1,015 in 1859.
But the gentleman says, that at the western pre-
cinct of the ninth ward there were seenes of vio-
lence and riot throughout the day. Of the three
judges who acted at this precinct, two, accoidmg
to the evidence, voted for Blair, and the other for
Breckinridge. 1 had not a ft tend among the three.
In the eastern precinct of the ninth ward one judge
was a Democrat, and the other two voted for Blair.
There weie but two piecincts in the waid. What
earthly advantage could a candidate possibly have
at precincts where the judges of election arc all
against him ?
But contestant, in order to satisfy this House
of great disorder and violence at the western pre-
cinct of the ninth ward, states that one of the
judges was kmcfctd over—knocked over was his
expression. This assertion of contestant is about
as well sustained as Ins others. It is untrue that
any judge was knocked over. There is this evi-
dence upon the part of contestant's witnesses—
and if I do nut state it correctly, I call upon the
gentleman from Massachusetts to correct, me— .
that Captain Wade m the evening brought up
some voters, and the judges refused to let them
vote. Whereupon Captain Wade charged that they
were Black Republicans. The American judge
told Wade he was a liar, and Wade slapped him
in the face with his open hand. This occurred
about ten minutes before the time for closing the
polls. The judges closed the polls immediately,
and, according to the testimony, there were eight
or ten of my friends thus prevented from voting.
Is this not the testimony? If denied, I stand
ready to cite the page and have it read to the
House. A judge was slapped m the face. Con-
testantsays a judge was knocked over. The ma-
jority of the committee, m referring to this cir-
cumstance, say, m their report, (p. 4,) that blows
passed bet'ween a judge and challenger; and again,
on page 7, they say that a judge mingled m the
lights of the crowd.
But here, Mr. Speaker, I wish to call attention
of the House more particularly to the reckless
assertions and shameful misstatements which are
made by contestant and his majority of the Com-
mittee of Elections.
On page 4 of the report they say:
"Violent and tumultuous etowds surrounded the polls,
and at times had such possesion of them and power over
the judge?, as to reudei itahno-r, if nor quite, Impossible for
any one to approach the polK or c<e-t his vote unless lie
carried a ballot foi the sitting membei. Seenc- of violence
occuried about the polls, alterations aio-e. and blows
passed between the judge of the election and the challenger
outside."
Contestant says at the ninth ward, western pre-
cinct, there was a scene of riot and distm bailee
from morning until night; that his friends were
overawed, brow-beaten, threatened, and intim- i
idated; that the polls were obstructed, and many j
persons prevented from voting by fear and vio- I
lencc.^ I now declare that this slap in the face by
Captain Wade, was the only lick struck at any
of the thirty-five precincts during the entire elec-
tion. All three of the judges at the wost precinct
of the ninth ward swear that nobody was pre-
vented from voting. If this be denied, I can fur-
nish the proof. The chief of police, who is an
appointee under a Republican administration, and
who voted for Mr. Blair, says he was at all the
precincts in the city, and that the election was as
orderly as any held for three or four years. That
he was several times at the west precinct of the
ninth ward, that the polls were kept clear, and
every one allowed to vote. There are five or six
other witnesses who testify to the same.
Now, I ask if these broad and unfounded as-
sertions are to be taken as the evidence upon
which a seat m tins House is to be voted to con-
testant. Arc not members acting under oath here ?
What means this swearing to'support the Con-
stitution? Is a solemn oath to be avoided merely
by the movement of a political machine5 Under
the Constitution the man who has received a ma-
jority of the votes, the man who is duly elected,
has a right to a seat upon'this floor. The people
who sent him here have a right to be heard
through the man of their choice m the national
councils. And if an oath is worih anything, it
makes it the bounden duty of each member here
to sustain the constitutional rights of the member
and his constituents.
But, says the report, (p. 8,) contestant, m his
notice to the sitting member, expressly charged
as a ground of contest, that the judges at certain
precincts had not been sworn. The contestant
did not furnish any evidence toprovethe charge.
And now the majority of the committee modestly
suggest (p. 8 of leport) that
" It would have been a mattei of the gfatest ca^e for the
sitting niemhei to have piovi d tin: iaet— if it had been a
fact—bj summoning any one oi thc>e ofliecia a witncj,?."
i am called upon to prove that the judges were
sworn simply because conti s*ant chose to charge
that they were not. Would it not have been a
matter of equally great case to contestant to sum-
mon these judjres and prove by them the fact—
if it was a fact—that they were not sworn ? I
have referred to this circumstance merely to show
the uttei blindness of this majority of the commit-
tee to everything like reason, law, principle and
justice. We will now examine the list of 663
votes thrown out as illegal by the majority of com-
mittee, though there is little time for detail. At
Carondelet they throw out 60 votes, which they
say were cast for me, and aie illegal. Theio arc
two of them who did not vote for me; and their
ballots, Nos. 352 and 415, cannot be found in my
list of ballots. There are two of the sixty who
voted for Biair, ballots Nos. 60 and 410; ballot No.
460 was thrown for Breckimidgo.
But by what sort of testimony is it contended
that these votes are proved illegal? I will give
a sample of the testimony. The name of John
Davis appears on the list of names thrown out.
Bernaid Block, (witness for contestant, p. 569,)
says he knew one John Davis, but he died before
the election. Upon this testimony Davis's vote
is pronounced illegal; notwithstanding Mr. Cha*-
trand, on page 909, says he knows John Davis,
and that he is not dead. The name of Pat Mur-
phy appears on the list. The same witness,
Block, testifies (p. 569) that he knew Pat Mur-
phy, although his impression was that he was
not in the county; he would not be positive, how-
ever. Upon this testimony Pat Murphy's vote
has been thrown out.
Take one more case. Block says, on page 570,
that John Turner came with his wife from Illi-
nois to Carondelet in the spring. His vote is
thrown out upon this testimony; notwithstanding
Mr. A. J. Shores, witness for contestant, on page
518, says that John Turner came from Illinois to
Carondelet fifteen months before the election, and
had bet n living there ever since; that he had gone
over to Illinois a few months before to build a
house for his father-in-law. As to Kelly, Dou-
thet, Donnelly, and one or two others, it is only
proved that they had been up during the summer
on the Pacific railroad. They themselves testify
that they were only temporarily absent. Still
their votes are rejected.
There are seventeen names of the sixty thus
-rejected at fhis precinct which will be found ih
exhibit A. {See p. 430.) That list wasVfftade
titft/rom the poll-books by some of the residents
as persons unknown to them. ~Mi\ Miller ^ays
he did not know them, and he had asked other
■old residents, and they did notkriow them. This
list (Exhibit A) was shown- to Ml*. Blow; he
marked such as he knew. The original list ..con-
tained seventy-five names. (See the-"Exhfbit,rp.
430.) Can you discover which of the names wi*e
niarkedas known to Mr. Blow?1 Now,hpwm&riy
were known to Mr. Blow? There were thre^ or
four known to Block—there were ten known tb
Chartrand. This is all the proof in regard to seven-
teen, namely: that there are found in exhibit A a
list of seventy-five names unknown to Madison,
Miller, and others, although many of them—who,
we can not tell—are known to Mr. clow and others.
Yet these seventeen names were stricken oyt in
this very just majority report.
As to Cornelius Howe, the only testimony is
from Dr. Eiclielberger, who says (n. 706) that he
was told that Howe came from Indiana about
three weeks before the election. His vote has
ijeen stricken out. As to the balance of the sixty
thrown out at Carondelet, there is no testimony
whatever, and it would seem that they are thrown
out merely to make up the necessary^ number".
But, even at the risk of being tedious, I must
give another© xample of the in justice done by thfa
majority report.' The name of Owen Kenhoif ap-
pears on the poll-books as having voted for rfoe;
also that of Thomas McGfrey. ft is proved by
Chartrand that there wa$ a man in Carondelet
named Owen Kecnan, and one named Thomas
McGrade. ITow easy for the clerk or judge to
mistake the names, and misspell them from a mere
pronunciation by the voter at the polls.
At the Omvois precinct 61 votes have been re-
jected. (See report, p. 23.) I would like for the
gentleman from Massachusetts to listen to the tes-
timony winch he compels me to bring forward;
when it was his duty to have set out in his report
the testimony upon which it was based. He had
weeks to prepare his rcport;rand be i£ remembered
that.he lias not cited one single page of this large
volume. There are twenty-eight of the names of
voters atGravoisstricken outas illcgal;in regard
to whom this is the only testimony: John Chil-
ton says (on pp. 733, 734, 735, and 736) there
were strangers at this precinct, but he could not
tell whether they were entitled to vote or not. He
is then asked, " Do you know John Bowers?"
His answei is, 44 No, sir." " Do you know Pat-
rick Liglietsr" His answer is, "No, sir;" and
so he is asked T and so he answers, as toabout^ixty
names; and because John Chilton did not know
them, they are thrown out as illegal. Asto'Wil-
liam Wandless, Chilton says thathe returned from
California last fall, after remaining there about
five years. Hildehrand (pp. 756 and 757) says
that one half the voters at this precinct were stran-
gers to him; and it was reported there that they
came from thu county toad. On the other hand,
Robert W*. Hunt (pp. 811, 812, 813, and 615) is
thus reported as a witness. He says that
" 11c is wol! acquainted at the Graven-- precinct; lie was
at tlie polls on the day of election horn eight o''clock, a. m.,
until they closed and counted votes. He knows of two,
but iltKiP ini<>iit have been six, who voted from the
county fnim, niirj that they voted the American ticket. He
i-; well acquainted in the Gravois diggings, and saw most
ever} both who voted theie that day. Witness says he did
not am- illegal voters; and from his knowledge of the *
voters, acquued whilst he acted for many years as a judge
ofthe elections, lie thinks he would have known whether
there w j*> any illegal voting. There were 80 or 90 votes
poilod at Grnvoi< in J856, hut ivitno«« has  known of 120 in
times of excitement. The other day they polled, in elec-
tion ofprobate judge, only 25 votes.
And this is the testimony upon which 61 votes
were thrown out atGravois. It so happens that
31 of these 61 names are not mentioned by any
witness. There is not even a witness who says'
he does not know them. Why those 31 were
embraced in the CI thrown out as illegal, is for
the gentleman from Massachusetts or contest-
ant, to explain. But this is not all. There are 9
of the 61 thrown out and deducted from my vote
who did not vote for me at all. The numbers of
their ballots are 5, 23, 54, 62, 66, 109, 110, 136,
and 137. They voted for Mr. Breckinridge.
Now, I will ask the spokesmen of the majority
committee, the gentleman from Massachusetts,
