THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
upon the frank statement of the gentleman from
Maryland, (Mr. Harris,] and of the gentleman
fi-qjo Arkansas, [Mr. Rust,) and of my friend and ■
colleague, from South Carolina, [Mr. McQ.tjeen,]
from what I expressed in the beginning of my re-
marks as very censurable conduct. I admit that
it %ould have been extremely difficult for him to
decline the urgent solicitation# an4 requests of
members to permit them to have desks upon the
fli>ar of the House; still I think that he ought to
haye had the firmness to decline, and to have put
his declination distinctly upon the ground that
there was an order of the House which he could
not violate himself or allow anybody else to vio-
Tf'ow, sir, the gentleman from Maryland [Mr.
Harris] took occasion to say that the superin-
tendent, in carrying out the order of the House,
had not carried it outfully in its spirit and inten-
tion, and that in gratifying his own mere caprice
he had not effected what the House had intended
.. he should effect. I do not agree with the gentle-
man. I, myself, and other members of the com-
mittee , had many conferences with Captain Meigs.
We made a variety of actual measurements and
experiments in the House. We tried our best to
see whether, with the old chairs, we could bring
them into a smaller and more convenient space,
and we found that it was impracticable. We
found that the platforms had all to be taken up;
that the whole flooring had to be changed, and
„after a great deal of study and consideration we
came to the conclusion that the present seats
would be more comfortable, and take up less room
than any other arrangement we could adopt. I
then ask the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr.
Harris,] whom I knowto be a fair-minded man,
how he can, ill the wording of this resolution,
say that the superintendent has not carried it out
in its proper spirit. He was directed to make
such a rearrangement of the seats of members that
, would bring tliem together in the smallest conve-
nient space.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland* If mv friend from
South Carolina will permit me, I will answer his
question. Theidea I liadof the proposition moved
by the gentleman at the last session, was that it
was designed to be an experiment; for the gentle-
man will recollect that there was a great difference
of opinion among members as to whether the pro-
posed rearrangement would work, as it was in-
tended, conveniently and properly. I say this in
objection to the character of change made by the
superintendent; while I am perfectly satisfied that
it is accomplishing a desirable result in bringing
members of the House into closer connection with
each other, I say that the superintendent erred
in his judgment in making, under the circum-
stances, such material alterations in the flooring
of the Hall, as to render it impossible to correct
the change, in case the experiment worked badly,
without a large expenditure of money, and the
Joss to the House of much time.
Mr. MILES. I submit that the gentleman is
consuming much more of my time than is neces-
sary for an answer to my question.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. One word more,
and I will trespass upon the gentleman's indul-
gence no longer.
Mr. MILES. I yield only for an answer to
my question.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. Let me ask the
gentleman whether lie contemplated the introduc-
tion of these long tables into the House; because,
if h« did, I think that they strike at the very ar-
fumont which was used in favor of removing the
esks: and that is, of taking away from the Hall
all facilities for writing, so that members should
be forced to attend to the business of the House?
Now, these tables keep up the habit of writing on
the part of members which was complained of.
They afford, too, that facility for writing to one
tenth of the membors of tlio House to the exclu-
sion of all the rest. Was thatwithin the contem-
plation of the gentleman when he moved for the
removal of the old desks ?
Mr. MILES. It was within thepurview of the
intention of the committee that there should be
the same facility afforded members for writing
resolutions, amendments, and papers connccted
strictly with the legitimate business of the House;
and, therefore, we did contemplate the placing of
tables in the four corners of this Hall. But, Mr.
Speaker, it was never contemplated by the com-
mittee that these tables should be so large as they
are, or that they should liavo drawers and keys
to the drawers, which members could appropri-
ate; a$d one of the first acts which I did on reach-
ing Washington, before the opening of the ses-
sion, was to come here in person, and to have
many of the larger tables taken out ; because I saw
that the accommodation was infinitely more tnan
was necessary to cover the general provision
which the committee had in view. I directed the
Doorkeeper to lock the drawers, and to keep th^
keys himself; in fact, sir, I gave him a written
order to spike the drawers so that they could not
be opened, for I did not consider that it was fair
or reasonable that a dozen or twenty gentlemen
should monopolize those drawers, and thus have
these facilities of permanent seats, where they
might write just the same as under the old sys-
tem, while the great mass of members were de-
prived of such facilities.
Mr. CARTER. I would like to know where
the gentleman got power to issue those ordei&?
Mr. MILES. I do not hear the gentleman, and
I insist that I shall be allowed to proceed.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I should like the
gentleman to answer me a question before he pro-
ceeds I want to know of him by what authority
he ordered the Doorkeeper to remove tables from
this Hall, and to spike the locks of those that were
'left here ?
Mr. CARTER. That is just the question I
should like the gentleman from South Carolina to
answer.
Mr. MILES. Mr. Speaker, I conceived, as
chairman of the committee which reported the res-
olution directing the desks to be removed, that I
had the control of the whole arrangement of the
Hall, and that I had full authority to put tables
herqgwith or without drawers. The roport simply
says that the desks'shall be removed from the
Hall, and that such a rearrangement of the seats
shall be made as will bring them within the smallest
convenient space. I did not suppose that the res-
olution which had been passed by the House had
anything at all to do with the drawers.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I do not wish to
be misunderstood; and I wish now tu state that
the gentleman's resolution having been received
by the House and adopted, the matter was then
under the control of the Speaker. The gentleman
from South Carolina had then no more authority
after the committee made its report than any other
member of the House, for when that report was
made, the committee was absolved from*further
duty.
Mr. MILES. 1 will correct the gentleman.
He is laboring under a misapprehension jo not
remembering Uiat this resolution was adopted at
the very end of tlic session. Congress soon after
adjourned, and there was, of course, no Speaker,
and the power necessarily fell into the control of
he committee to oversee the rearrangement which
had been ordered upon their report.
Air. CLARK, of Missouri. And when the
House adjourned there was no committee; the
committees, the Speaker, and Congress, ended
together.
Mr. MILES. The committee unquestionably
had the authority to execute the order of the
House which they had requested the House to
confer upon them.
Mr. HOUSTON. But they expired as mem-
bers of Congress, and as members of the commit-
tee, with the adjournment of Congress.
Mr. MILES. Very we]}, then; I willfook upon
them only as advisers of the superintendent. T
am willing to take that ground, that the whole-
power was vested in the superintendent, and that
I he had entire discretion in the matter, but that he
j conferred 
| Mr. PETTIT. Will the gentleman permit me?
j Mr. MILES. I must respectfully decline. The
| superintendent undoubtedly had the entire con-
! troi, but he very properly conferred and con-
j suited with the committee, and was guided by
j their judgmentand their opinions. The commit-
j tee were desirous of bringing the House into the
j smallest compass they could, while, at the same
time, members should be seated comfortably and
I conveniently. They desired toget rid of the whole
j system of franking documents and carrying on
; private correspondence during the whole session,
; instead-of attending to the actual business before
! the House.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Will the gentleman
permit me to interrupt him a moment.'
Mr. MILES. 1 must respectfully decline.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I wish to make a
suggestion. Evidently this subject will consume
the whole day if persisted in; and, therefore, I
would suggest to the gentleman that this matter
be permitted to go over by general consent, until
Monday, when wc can come to some practical
conclusion by means of action under a two-thirds
vote. I think we shall facilitate action in that
maimer.
Mr. MILES. I cannot agree with the gentle-
man from New York. I thinK we had better dis-
pose of this matter at once; and I desire to say
here, once for all, to many gentlemen, that 1 have
no personal feelings about the matter. Prom the
manner in which some gentlemen have approached
me outside of the House, I should suppose they
seem to think this was a pet project of mine, and
that I entertained some personal feelings. I as-
sure gentlemen that I entertain no feelings of that
sch-t. I was indeed exceedingly desir&us of trying
an experiment which I thought would be benefi-
cial in its result; and I do not think it can bo con-
sidered as being fairly tried unless it shall be per-
mitted to go on for at least one session.
Mr. KELLOGG. I rise to a point of order.
Tire SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
will state his point of order.
Mr. KELLOGG. It is that this proceeding of
the gentleman from South Carolina is but a sug-
gestion to the Speaker to enforce the rules and
orders of the House. That is not debatable. Ilia
buta«suggcstit>nto the Speaker to perform lnsduty.
Mr. MILES. It is a question of privilege, and
I understand the Speaker has so decided.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposed that
the gentleman from South Carolina intended to
make a distinct motion in-referencc to tlie matter
before he resumed his seat.
Mr. MILES. I am perfectly willing to receive
tlie decision of the Chair in that form,and conse-
quently will make a motion that the Doorkeeper
be directed to remove the desks from the Hall.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Let me say to the
gentleman l'rom South Carolina that I have a res-
olution in my hand, winch wiil bring the House
directly to a vote upon this question. I desire to
have a decision upon this subject, and I ask that
the resolution may be read for information.
Mr. MILES. I will hear the resolution read.
No objection beins made, the Clerk read the
resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That tile present «eats in the Hall of the House
be removed, and the oh! seats and desks repiaeed at ihe
earliest practicable moment; to be done under thu dnection
of the supenntendent of tlie Capitol extension.
Mr. MILES. Oh, no. I cannot acecpt that
resolution. It does not at all meet my views.
Mr. HOUSTON*. I would suggest that the
gentleman modify his resolution so as to provide
for the appointment of a committee of three or five
to inquire into the time it will take to remove the
benches and restore the chairs, and also as to the
expense.
Mr. DAVIS.
of Indiana. Will the gentleman
from South Carolina yield to me a moment"' 1
have a resolution which I desire to offer, which
I think will meet his views.
Mr. MILES. I will hear the resolution read.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. The gentleman from
South Carolina has had the courtesy to yield to
me: and for the purpose of settling this matter,
I offer the resolution I hold in my hand in lieu
of the resolution of the gentleman from Illinois.
[Cries of" Read for information !"]
The le^oJntion was read, as follows:
Resolved. That a select committee. con^Hting of three
member^ hp appointed by tlie speaker to inquire into the
expcfjieiK'V of removing the benches or seats from thi^ {fa!},
and replacing the chairs and de^ks; and a^o the lonslh ot
time and eonitwill require to make such change; and that
j) said committee have leave to roport at any time.
i| Mr. MILES. 1 like that resolution. It is fair
j, and proper; and I will accept it if the gentleman
M from Indiana will change it so as to provide that,
|' in the mean time, the Doorkeeper be directed to
!• enforce the rules of the House. [Cries of "That
,; is right!"]
l| Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I will make the mod-
'! ification suggested by the gentleman from South
jj Carolina.
J Mr. MeQXTliE?ir. I move to amend the reso-
> lutioit by adding, asa proviso, at theendofit 
