1848
THE CON GRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 24,
and production, at least 1,500,000 bales. Five
years ago, the consumption in Georgia was
138,000 bales, or five per cent, of the cotton crop;
now it is but two per cent, of the present <^op.
The same falling off, under a free-trade policy,
may be noticed in other quarters. We have not
now, or had not twe years since, one mill running
on broadcloths in the United States. Five years
ago "Virginia made 30,000 tons of pig iron per an-
num; now, if I am correctly informed, but 5,000.
But the true policy in this regard has been
shadowed forth by Virginia statesmen, who have
concluded to adopt and laudably wear the pro-
ductions of their own looms. The principle for
which I contend, if carried out in fair legislation,
will build up the interests of Virginia, and make
her, in common with other States, the warm ad-
vocate of domestic.protection.
I shall give to the bill now before the commit-
tee my hearty support; because it lias been in-
dorsed by the people of my State, and I believe
it to be satisfactory to the country, so far as ex-
isting treaties enabled the Committee of Ways
and Means to readjust the duties on imports.
The importation of coal from the British provinces
is guarded by the reciprocity treaty, and until
that shall be abrogated, no additional duty can be
placed upon coa], so as to become, at this time,
or for some years to come, practically important.
That treaty was an injurious one for the country.
The New England workshops should be supplied
with produce from the States, not from the Can-
adas.
The bill is reasonable, and I trust will prove
beneficial and permanent. The abrogation of the
warehouse system, and the specific in the place
of ad valorem duties, will not only prevent frauds '
upon the revenue, but will, in time, secure the
market to our people.
Mr. Chairman, I would direct the legislation
of the country to the improvemcntof the country.
I would secure the national defenses; make pro-
vision for the actual settler on the public domain;
improve the rivers and harbors; construct a Pa-
cific railroad of American iron—thus uniting the
commerce of the Pacific slopes with those of the
Atlantic; of China and Japan, through Sail Fran-
cisco and Oregon City, with NewYork, Phila-
delphia and Liverpool. I would protect, educate,
elevate, and dignify free labor, and cover the land
with the triumphs of civilization, and the evi-
dences of the progress of a great and free people.
I would have the church and school-house at
every cross-roads, and establish a cheerful indus-
try in every valley, and on every mountain side.
I would crowd our marls with the ships of our
merchants, and cause our Hag to wave over the
fabrics of all lands. Let our policy have a tend-
ency to locate communities around an industrial
point; not to scatter our people, and make them
nomadic. Let itencourage them, and afford them
employment; let it individualize and elevate the
laboring man, by making him prosperous and in-
dependent. Then, indeed, may we point to our
great nation as the most prosperous, the most
free, the most glorious on the face of the earth.
Mr. HOWAR.D. Mr. Chairman, consulting
my own feelings, I should prefer to be a silent
listener to the interesting discussions so ably con-
ducted in this House upon the political topics
which arc agitating the nation; and I would not
now attempt to tax your patience or consume
your time had I not heretofore stated that, at some
future period, and in my own way, I would state
my own political views and opinions. And in so
doing, Mr. Chairman, 1 do not intend to censure
the intentions or impugn the motives of my op-
ponents, neither do I intend to deal in harsh
epithets or hard language, for I believe that free,
full, and fair discussion ought to be accorded to
all parties, whatever may be their creed or senti-
ment, Mr. Chairman, 1 only ask—what I am al-
ways willing to accord to others—an honest dif-
ferent ill sentiment, thought, and action. Then,
placing discussion upon this broad basis, its whole
tendency is to bind man to man, and both to the
fountain from whence emanates all true and in-
structive thought. And 1 now, for a few moments,
ask the indulgence of this body in the remarks
which I am about to submit; because I believe it
is a duty I owe to myself and the constituency
\vhich 1 have the honor to leprcscnt to place them
a,pd myself correctly upon the record and before
tKc country. It might be presumed, if I were to
remain a silent listener, that 1 supported and sus-
tained the ultraism and uncongenial language so
frequently uttered and so tenaciously adhered to
by many members upon this floor, who are of the
same party to which 1 have the honor to belong.
And,Mr. Chairman,in order that I may be clearly
understood, I will say there is no case within the
reach of the most fervid imagination upon which
I, or the constituency which I represent, could
consent to a dissolution of this Union, or to see a
single State dissevered. We can no more sub-
scribe to disunion sentiments expressed and pro-
mulgcd by the hot an.d excitable spirit of the
South, than we could to the principles and pur-
poses of the Republican party, which we believe
solemnly, though ccrtainly, tend to disruption
and dissolution. I amamemberof thegreat Dem-
ocratic party from principle alone, and always have
been since I have been able to reason from cause
to effect; and I now, as I ever have done, believe
the positions and purposes of that great and na-
tional party are calculated alone to hold together
and perpetuate the Union of these States and the
principles of ourfree institutions. Sir, it is the very
pedestal upon which this mighty fabric stands;
and, like the Union itself, of which it is part'and
parcel, of which it is the very cement and adhe-
sive principle, it has withstood the shock and con-
vulsion of all parties; and each in its turn which
has arisen to contest its supremacy, like the Old
Guard at Waterloo, has gone down before its irre-
sistible charges; and such must be the fate of this
new-fangled Republican party, which exists and
feasts and fattens, not upon the principles of the
Union, but that which disturbs and convulses its
harmony. The old Whig party, with its well-
marked differences and distinctions, was compelled
at last to yield to the majesty of lier strength,
though for a long time, like the contention for em-
pire between Rome and Cartilage, the question
remained in doubtful disputation. Its principles
and tenets are easily understood and thoroughly
appreciated; for it offers equal rights to all, and
monopoly to none. It is emphatically what may
be termed a popular system, and is without a par-
allel, or even an example, in the history of parties.
JNTow, Mr. Chairman, what other system of
politics could have kept in motion the machinery
of this remarkable Government for the lasteighty-
four years ? And although we hear it incessantly
sounding in our ears that we are standing, as it
were, upon the very verge of ruin, and that the
whole expanse of a destructive future is spread
out before our gaze in dreadful vision, still this
great nation moves steadily forward, gathering
strength as it moves, from the purity and power
of Democratic proclivities. It is this Union that
wo are bound, by all the ties of right and justice,
to preserve and perpetuate justas we have received
it from the hands of our ancestors, with its Con-
stitution and compromises as we find them, and
not as we think they oughtto be, or ought to have
been in the beginning. Wo need not expect to
apply the rules and usages by which other nations
are governed to ourselves, or to derive any intel-
ligence or benefit from their example; for that
which gives vitality and spirit to their institu-
tions would poison and canker the very vitals of
ours. The distinction between us and other na-
tions is this: that whilst millions of human beings,
sharers of the same hopes, warmed by the same
natures, and as fondly attached to life, liberty, and
the pursuit of happiness as we ourselves, are bow-
ing before the power of sceptercd monarchs, we
are holding the reins of our own free institutions,
acknowledging no superior but Divinity, and
knowing no master but self. And the question,
then, should be continually before tile mind of the
people, what system of politics is best calculated
to perpetuate to them these magnificent favors ?
The Democratic party, by the vigorous exercise
of its faculties, has been eminently successful thus
far. But this Republican party, sectional m all
its bearings, and cannot be nationalized upon any
condition, and whose only creed is opposition to
the rapid growth of Democracy, if not closely
watched, will prove like the small breach in a riv-
er's bank, which, in its incipiency, permits the
drops to steal away, by which the gap incessantly
grows "wider and wider, till at length it gives vent
to the full stream, and sweeps before it every mon-
ument of greatness and improvement in its deso-
lating course. I believe, sir, there never has a
party sprung into life in this country so deleterious
to its growth and so dangerous to its existence
as that at present known by the name of Repub-
lican; for its principles cannot be applied to it in
all its parts. The whole argument of the com-
bined Opposition is only abuse and vilification;
hence it is without foundation, and cannot for
more than a season withstand the scrutinizing eye
of public opinion, which, after all, is the real di-
vinity that poises in its hands the scales in which
are weighed the measures of all parties. There
is no imputation which can be produced by the
intellect, genius, and talent of the Opposition too
gross, in their imagination, to be heaped upon
it. Yet we are aware that falsehood can never
withstand the light of truth, nor mere assertion
the forcc of argument and free discussion. The
Democratic party is denounced by the combined
Opposition as the slavery party of the nation; but
we only have to refer to our platform of princi-
ples to show how utterly fallacious is such an
assertion.
This party, which is really the base and found-
ation stone of this Government, and which has
grown with its growth and strengthened with its
strength, is in favor, at any and every cost, of
preserving, in one harmonious whole, the country
with its Constitution and Union as we find it. Be-
cause the framers of that instrument, with its com-
pacts and compromises, have conferred upon each
State of the Union certain special immunities and
privileges, we as a party say that they ought to,
and shall have the full exercise of them, whatever
thoy may be. For instance: New England, with
an extent of territory of sixty thousand square
miles, is divided into six States, which give them
a representation upon the floor of the Senate of
the United States of twelve members, whilst Vir-
ginia, with a territory equal to all those States to-
gether, has but two; yet she has no right to com-
plain; but upon the other hand, she is bound, by
all the ties of the common sisterhood, to preserve
and perpetuate those rights to them, for it is part
and parcel of the common partnership. And
again, New England has a greater representation
upon the floor of the Senate of the United States
than the whole five great States formed from the
North westTerritoiy, comprising two hundredand
fifty thousand square miles, and with a popula-
tion of ten million; yet our mouths are a sealed
book against the utterance of any cries of injustice,
because that same Constitution under which we
live, and which we have all, tacitly at least, taken
an oath to support, has guarantied to them those
rights; and the very necessity of the case is inhe-
rent in the principle and interwoven with its very
existence.
We must look at every question connected with
the plans of our Government in a political point
of view, and it is our duty to investigate closely
and candidly, to discover, if possible, what was
the spring and moving machine which prompted
our ancestors to action, and we will see at a single
glance that they were not selfish m their motives;
but their object was to produce a model system,
suited and adapted to the wants and necessities
of all classes. And genius, talent, and a master-
hand are perceptible in the whole work. To say
that they had not difficulties to overcome and
vexed questions to dispose of, would be fallacious
and utterly false. Slavery, with all its inherent
evils, puzzled the political mind of that day; but
those noble patriots and statesmen who conferred
upon us this rich inheritance placed this institu-
tion of slavery just where we find it. They tol-
erated its existence; they provided for the recap-
ture of its fugitives; they used slave States as part
of the building material; then, sir, are we not
bound to protect every part for the benefit of the
whole ? Have we a right to demolish or even dis-
turb this splendid pyramid; to remove certain
stones that we may consider defective? But are we
not bound to leave them in their places, and to
place under all the props nccessary to their sup-
port?—for such is the construction of the building
that every stone is a key in the arch, and, to remove
a single one, the whole fabric falls, a mass of ruins.
We are for the Union of these States as they are,
and just as the great architect and master-builders
gave them to us. I am not an advocate for op-
pression and slavery in any form; whether I find
it in the serfdom of Russia, or the toiling millions
l of Austria, Poland and Turkey; whether in the
dungeon workshops of England, or in the cooiy
system in the islands, nor in the bla^i slavery of
