406
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 6,
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Missouri Contested Election—Mr. Barret.
Ho. of Reps.
,why he subtracted from my vote these 9 Breck-
inridge votes? I will ask him if he can cite any
other testimony than that to which I have referred
in regard to illegal votes at Gravois.
Mr. DAWES. I propose to answer the gen-
tleman, but not at this time. I will do it when I
have the floor; and then I will answer any ques-
tion which the gentleman may propose to me.
Mr. KUNKEL. I hope the gentleman from
Massachusetts will, in justice to the House, an-
swer the gentleman's question.
Mr. BARRET. In the fourth ward there are
177 votes rejected by the majority report. Mr.
Blair only claims, in his printed argument, that
there were 150 illegal votes in the fourth ward.
He has some knowledge of this testimony, and
he is not over-modest nor over-scrupulous; yet
the majority of the committee, desiring to be super-
serviceable, threw out 27 more votes than he him-
self asks.
What is the testimony ? L. W. Dickman, wit-
ness for Blair, says that he took from the census
book, in alphabetical order, those who had papers,
and those who had not. Afterwards Mr. Sim-
mons gave liim a list which was taken from the
poll-books; that he compared the lists, and found
on the poll-books several names who could not
be found on the census. (P. 749.) Witnessfound
on that list names of persons returned on census
as not being citizens. He then read the list, in
number 148,10 of whom are not citizens, 3 doubt-
ful, and the balance (being 130) not found on cen-
sus. (P. 750.) Witness says that Mr. Simmons
gave him that list, and the list he made out he
gave to Simmons, about fourteen days ago. (P.
751.)
" Question. Can't yougive us the nainesof some persons
who voted for lSlair that you have reason to believe were
not entitled to vole ? (P. 752.)
" Answer I can't tell that. I don't look after that, be-
cause I have something else to do. I can't say anything
about that."
Henry J. Steirlin, -witness for Blair, says he
looked over poll-books, and made a list of such
persons as were thought not to live in the fourth
ward. (P. 735.) lie gives a list of 136 names.
(P. 745.) He says they are such names as never
before appeared on the poll-books in the fourth
ward, and wluch he thinks are not residents of
the ward.
Steirlin's list contains about 11 names not men-
tioned by Deickman, and Deickman's list con-
tains about 24 not mentioned by Steirlin; whilst
124 are common to both lists. So that the whole
number of votes attempted to be impeached by
those witnesses is 150; of this 159 there are as
many as 48 not on the poll-books at all. There
are as many as 40 said not to be residents, who
are found in the Directory -With residences m the
fourth ward. Many of them voted for Breckin-
ridge, and many for Blair. Steirlin says his list
eoi.tains such as had not appeared on the poll-
books in the fourth ward, and supposed, there-
fore, by him and others not to be residents of the
ward.
Now, it so happens that twelve of those per-
sons m the list of Steirlin, and supposed by him
and others not to be residents of the fourth ward,
are returned by the census, as will be seen by the
list of Deickman, as doubtful; that is, they are
found in the ward by the census taker; but it is
doubtful whether they are citizens. The major-
ity report (p. 4) says:
"The evidence shows that greatirregularities existed at
nearly ail the polis ; and j'.r.t in proportion as tlie-'e irregu-
larities were frequent and glaring, did tile increase of the
vote of the sitting member over the vote of the candidate
of in- party ' ivu years belbte show I [self."
What irregularity is charged? What irregu-
Jaiity existed at either of the precincts of the
fourth ward? Why, then, do the majority of the
committee throw out m this fourth ward more
votes than they do in any other, upon the flimsiest
testimony, and to the number of 27 more than the
modest contestant claims as illegal? The testi-
mony upon which these 177 votes are thrown out
is, that one Steirlin and others do not know the
parties; that they do not appear to have voted be-
fore; and Deickman finds upon the census returns
some ot the names returned as illegal voters, some
ot them as doubtful, and the balance not found
on the census ut all.
In the sixth ward 30 of my votes are rejected
by the majority of the committee. Three of the
names mentioned, namely, P. Leonard, Patrick
Hall, and Patrick Lynch, are not found on the
poll-books. As to two others, we have the fol-
lowing testimony from Joseph Cadman, witness
for Blair:
" Question. Do you know Joseph Rump, or Euinph ?
" Answer. I know a person by that name.
'' Question. Did he vote at the late election for Con-
gress ?
" Jlmwer. I heard him say that he voted.
" Question. Is he a legai voter:
" Answer. I don't think he is.
" Question. Who did he say he voted for?
" Jlmu cr. I think he said he voted for Barret; I am not
positive.
" Question. Where did he say he voted ?
" Answer, t think lie said that he voted at the Virginia
Hotel ? 
Was it Rump, or Rumph ?
William J. Henry, another witness referred to,
to prove the thirty illegal votes in the sixth ward,
says that James D. Carlin said he voted for Bar-
. ret; he has lived in this city some six or eight
months; it was some time before January that he
left Pittsburg, where he was raised; saw Carlin a
day or two before he left Pittsburg; he does not
know whether he had been in St. Louis before;
could not say exactly, but it was some time in
the fall of the year when he left Pittsburg. This
witness gave his testimony on the 5th day of No-
vember; he said Carlin left Pittsburg some time
before January; then it was more than six or eight
months since he left Pittsburg. But he says it was
in the fall of the year. Then it must have been be-
fore December. Is this not a little too vague to be
taken as evidence of any truth?
Twenty-three of the names rejected are to be
found in list of E. M. Jael, census taker of the
sixth ward.
That this testimony of Jael maybe fully under-
stood, I will give itin full: Witness says he was
instructed to take the nationalities, and also if
foreigners were naturalized or not; that he found
a great number who had not been naturalized liv-
ing in that ward. (P. 529.) Upon an examina-
tion of the poll-books, he found a few who voted
and were not entitled to a vote. He found names
of persons on the poll-books who could not be
found in the ward at all. Witness says he found
persons who were living in the ward who were
not naturalized, and who had voted in other wards.
This is the list: Thomas Gallagher, first papers
only; Pat Murphy, first papers only; John B.
Bourke, or Burke, first papers only; Thomas
Roach, first papers only; D. Sullivan, first papers
only; John Crabb, first papers only; Pat Hall,
first papers only; Thomas Lynch, no papers; Pat
Shea, no papers; James Kelly, no papers; Mike
Kennedy, no papers; Thomas Brown, no papers;
M. Fay, no papers; P. Leonard, no papers; 11.
Davis, no papers; James Ryan, no papers; Wil-
liam Curtis, no papers; D. Dorris, no papers;
John Cosgiove, no papers; Thomas Williams,
no papers; Joseph Smith, no papers; George
Giles, first papers only; Pat Doolan, first papers
only; J. Sullivan, first papers only; J. Shaw, first
papers only; John Gallaher, first papers only;
M. Reilly, first papers only; Pat Brandon, first
papers only; John Movns, no papers; John
Murray, 110 papers; Richard Tobin, no papers;
William Kelly, tio papers; Dennis Murphy, no
papers; A. McDonald, no papers; T. O'Brien, no
papers; Thomas Daily, no papers; Pat Q.uinn,
no papers; Peter Conroy,first papers; Pat Lynch,
first papers; T. White, Thomas Hasbilters, not
m ward; E. H. Tobias, not known.
As census taker, this witness says he received
information from the heads of families generally.
He was recommended by Blair for the appoint-
ments census taker. Has not given all the names
of persons in the sixth ward ascertained to be
without papers. Witness says he happened to
pick out the names given as persons having only
their first papers, and some none, because he was
at the polls all the day of the election, and noticed
a number of persons from certain portions of the
ward whom he considered doubtful voters, and
when he took the census he found them so. (P.
531.) He has said that this was a list of those
who had voted illegally in other wards. (See p.
529.) Witness says that Thomas Gallagher him-
self, or his wife, if he has one, told him that he had
iw> papers. (P. 632.) He has said that Thomas
Gallagher had first papers, and he lived in the
same block with him. (See p. 529.) He after-
wards says that Gallagher told him himself that
he had first papers. (P. 572.)
Witness sayshe ascertained that John Cosgrove
had first papers only by calling at his house, and
having it down on the census-book. (P. 532.)
He has said that Cosgrove has no papers. (P.
529.) Witness says that Pat Doolan must have
told him himself that he had no papers. (P. 532.)
He said Pat Doolan had first papers. (P. 529.)
Pat Doolan, as a witness for Barret, shows his
papers, dated 1854, and says he never saw Joel;
that he never told him he was not naturalized.
(See p. 849.)
Witness says that Michael Kennedy's brother
told him that Mike had only first papers. (P.
533.) He has said that he had none. (P. 529.)
Witness says he cannot say who told him about
James Ryan. (P. 533.) He says afterwards that
James Ryan told him he had no papers. (P.
573.)
Witness says that D. Morris himself told him
he had first papers; that he does not know him
particularly. (P. 533.) He has said he had
none, (P. 529.)
Witness says that Peter Con way told him him-
self that he had no papers. (P. 534.) He has
said he had first papers. (P. 529.) The witness,
in answering these questions, continues to look
at his memorandum, which, lie says, enables him
to answer all questions truthfully and correctly.
(P. 534.) Witness found more than one Thomas
Williams in the ward. (P. 535.) Witness says
that Thomas Roach told him he had no papers.
(P. 572.) He has said he had first papers. (P.
529.) Thomas Roach, as witness for Barret,
shows his papers, dated 1856, and says that he
never told Joel he was not a citizen. (See p. 856.)
Witness says thatPatLynch himself told him
he had only first papers. (P. 535.) He after-
wards says that Pat Lynch or his wife told him;
that he thinks it was his wife. (P. 573.) Wit-
ness says that PatQ,uimi's wife told himthatPat
had no papers. (P. 537.) He afterwards says
that Pat duinn himself said so. (P. 574.) Can
there be any congressional precedents for believ-
ing such witnesses as this man Joel? By an ex-
amination of the testimony of this witness, it will
be perceived that he has contradicted himself no
less than eleven times; and twice he is contra-
dicted plainly by other witnesses, who show their
papers, and deny ever having seen Mr. Joel.
In the second ward, eastern prccinct, the major-
ity of the committee have rejected as illegal 16
votes. Of that number, Frederick ICraf voted for
Blair. The number of his ballot is not 1,120, but
1,122. As to four, there cannot be found any
proof at all. Twelve of the sixteen names are
taken from Exhibit D, p. 433.
To explain the nature of this Exhibit D, I re-
fer to the testimony of Julius Rapp, census taker
of the second ward, witness for Blair:
Witness said he had instructions to make a
memorandum or note of nationality, of all per-
sons found in second ward, &c. (Pp. 666,667.)
Who gave those instructions ? Witness says he
made a list of such persons who voted and were
returned ns naturalized on census. Witness was
then asked for the list. (But, strange as it may
seem, paper marked exhibit B is handed to wit-
! riess, and he reads therefrom nineteen names.)
(P. 667.) Witness says, either he or his assist-
ants visited every house in the ward; that in taking
the census he received his information, in most
instances, from the man himself', or from one of
his family. (P. 668.) He says, further, that as
it was the custom, in taking the census, to £et
information from the head of a family or his wife,
he followed the same rule. (P. 670.)
In the third ward these industrious gentlemen
find 21 to throw out as illegal. I beg to refer to
the testimony upon which only they could have
done so. Edward Stephens, on page 596, gives a
list containing 14 names of persons who voted in
the third ward, and were not known to him, and
four others, and supposed by them to be illegal
voters. Upon this testimony, there arc 10 votes
rejected. The vote of J. H. Griffencamp is also
rejected by the committee, upon the followingtostU
mony: ThissaraeStevens, witness for Blair, says,
on page 596, that Griffencamp's sister told him
