mi
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Juno 9,
Before commenting on the inequality in the dis-
tribution to'the several States, I will briefly allude
tp facts, which will show that the scanty amount
of arms received by Texas is a special and pecu-
liar injustice to that State.
As stated before, one of the conditions of the
Articles of Confederation was, that each State
should furnish her own militia with arms and
equipments; and that Article of Confederation
caused the different States of the United States,
as thcyformerly existed under the Confederation,
to supply themselves with a large amount of arms
and equipments which were in the arsenals of the
States at the time of the formation of the Consti-
tution of the United States, and no part of these
arms and equipments were given up to the new
Government of the United States: but each of the
States retained all the arms and equipments that
belonged to it; but not so with Texas. Texas
was a foreign nation, an independent Republic,
when she was received into the Union. She was
thus received into the Union, stripped entirely of
her public arms and armaments, while the other
States, originally sovereign, as they entered into
the new Confederacy in 3787, retained severally
their respective arms and equipments. Texas
could not complain. She was implored not "to
change or modify the conditions presented by the
resolutions" of annexation. (Mr. Buchanan's
letter to Mr. Donclson, March 10, 1845.) She
was advised that, after her admission, would
come those "good and liberal feelings which
never permitted injustice or injury, sectional or
individual, to remain a blot upon the escutcheon
of the Union;" and that, in proportion as her
struggle to achicvc and maintain her independ-
ence had exposed her to merciless assaults from
Mexicans and savages, she might expect to have
"all the fiuits of her success in war, and in peace
blessed by the sympathy, and compensated by
the love and admiration of a happy and united
people " (Mr. Donelson to Mr. Allen, June 13,
1845.)
These were promises of high import. How
have they been performed m the matter now be-
fore the Senate ? Texas, though a sovereign, inde-
pendent Republic—acknowledged as such by the
puncipal nations of the earth—and though enter-
ing the Confederacy on an equality with the other
sovereign States, was required to, and did,sur-
render her arms; a condition not demanded of, and
never yielded by, any other State, and in flagrant
repugnance to that provision of the Constitution
which enjoins the United States not to demand
arms from a State, but to furnish arms to every
State, or to the militia of every State.
Has the Government of the United States re-
stored these arms? or has it supplied that State,
whose frontier is almost continually infested with
murderous bands of savages, with arms sufficient
to repel the incursions, or, in the woids of the Con-
stitution,to arm the militia? Let the table answer.
It appears thatTcxas, in the fourteen yearssinee
annexation, has, under act of 1808, appropriating
$200,000 annually for the arming and equipping
of the militia, received but four cannon, six hun-
dred and eighty-three muskets, two hundred mus-
ketoons, eight hundred and thirty-six rifles, five
carbines, four hundred and eight pistols, forty
sabers, six swords, two hundred and forty-three
infantry aceouterments, one hundred lifle accou-
terments, five cavalry aecouterments, and one
hundred and sixty-nine muskets undrawn—a
most pitiful and beggarly show for an armed re-
sistance against an enemy who has slaughtered
from sixty to one hundred of our eitizens'within
the las! few months; who has dienohed the fron-
tier in blood, and is menacing the perpetration of
peihaps still worse horrors.
To see at once the inequality between the new
frontier States and the older States, it will be ne-
cessary only to recur to the table. Delawaie, for
instance, has more arms than either Iowa, Wis-
consin, Minnesota, or Oregon. I might show
other inequalities, but this is not necessary. The
table will show these without further reference.
Mr. TOOMBS. Have the old States received
a greater proportion per annum than your Stater
Mr. HEMPHILL, Our State has been in the
Union but uvelve years. The old States have
been receiving for fifty-two years.
Mr. TOOMBS. That accounts for the whole
of it, I suppose.
Mr. HEMPHILL. That accounts for the fact
of inequality, but is no satisfactory reason why
an old interior State, which has no fighting to do,
no wars on hand, nor likely to have any, should
have from the United States a much larger supply
of arms than a State engaged in active hostilities,
and especially where that State has been stripped
of its arms by the United States. Georgia sur-
rendered none of her arms when she entered the
Union. She is now,and has, for the last quarter
of a century, been in peacc, and I hope may al-
ways remain so. Contrast the large amount of
arms that has been furnished her with the scanty
supply doled out to Texas, and the mind must
be at once struck with the absurdity and injustice
of the present mode of distribution. The new
States should be placed on an equality with the
old States. It will require the some amount to
arm the militia of a new State that it will to arm
the militiaof an older member of the Confederacy.
There is more necessity for arms in a new than
in an old State. I am m favor of this increase of
the appropriation to §600,000. It ought to be at
least $1,000,000. It is really a farce to be dis-
tributing annually only §200,000 worth of arms
to militia amounting to at least three million.
There were butsix hundred and thirty-six thou-
sand three hundred and eighty-six mihtiam 1808,
when the bill appropriating $200,000 annually
was passed. And now there arc two million four
hundred and twenty-eight thousand two hundred
and fifty-two. Mr. Randolph was the author of
the measure, but denounced the scanty appropri-
ation as totally inadequate to the purpose intended.
Mr. WILSON. This matter came up for the
consideration of the Committee on Military Af-
faii s; and I believe the committee generally though t
it was unnecessary to act upon the subject at this
session. Wc have already loaded down this bill
pretty heavily, and I do not feel at liberty to vote
for this amendment, although it would be for the
interest of my State and my section of the coun-
try in a pecuniary point of view to do so. If the
arms are manufactured at the armories, a large
portion of them will be manufactured in my State.
If the arms are purchased, probably a large por-
tion of them will be purchased in my part of the
country; and I have been pressed very strongly
by men from my own section to concur in this
amendment; but, sir, I do not believe the inter-
ests of the country require it, and I therefore do
not feel at liberty to vote for it.
Wo have now oil hand, I think, several hun-
dred thousandstand of arms—something like half
a million muskets at the present time. These
arms were good enough to fight the Mexican war
with; they have been good enough to fight the
battles of the country in the past, and, 1 think,
are as good to be distributed among the militia of
the country, for the purposes for which the mil-
itia need to use them, as the improved arms that
arc now being made.
I shall vote against this amendment; and when
it is in order, I intend to propose an amendment
providing for the distiibution among the States
and Territories, according to the existing ratio of
distribution, of one half of the arms now in the
armories of the United States. If wc have five
hundred thousand muskets, that proposition will
distribute two hundred and fifty thousand among
the militia of the severed States, and will leave us
two hundred and fifty thousand on hand; and we
can go on manufacturing our improved arms.
Thus the old arms may be used up; and they are
just as good for the militia, for the ordinary pur-
poses for which they will be used in most portions
of the country, as the improved arms that are
now being made. I admit that the improved arms
would be better in war; but everybody knows
that the great part of the arms which we distribute
to the militia will be used simply for purposes of
exercise. I think, on the whole, we had better
vote down this amendment, and distribute a por-
tion of the arms now on hand, stored in our
arsenals, among the States, for the use of the
militia, if they need more.
Mi. PEARCE. I hope the debate on this prop-
osition wili cease. It is very desirable that we
should pass the bill this evening. But six days
of the session remain; and if we do not pass the
bill promptly, within the next quarter of an hour,
I am afraid we shall be interrupted by a proceed-
ing which the Senate cannot prevent from closing
their session. I beg, therefore, that we may take
a vote now, and pass the bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. Will the Senator from Iowa
accept this modification of his amendment ? in-
stead of making the distributionaccording to pop-
ulation, say, "according to their representation
in both Houses of Congress, asapportioned under
the census next preceding each' distribution."
The Senator changes entirely the basis of distri-
bution; and tbesmall States will lose from one half
to one third of the amount they receive by this
change.
Several Senators. Vote it all down.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 am told my amendment is
to be voted down anyhow. That may be so;
but that U no reason why I should surrender the
proposition which I have made, and which 1 think
to be right. The place wheie these arms are
wanted is on the frontier, in the new States. I
am not willing to accept the amendment proposed
by the Senator from Rhode Island, because, ac-
cording to it, the State of Iowa would only re-
ceive arms according to her present representa-
tives, although her population is seven hundred
thousand. She is a frontier State, and along her
western border are various tribes of Indians.
Within the last three years there have been three
hostile incursions of these Indians, and they have
destroyed a large amount of human life and of
property. We can draw under the present law,
and shall draw for the next three ye*ins, only one
hundred and thirty-three muskets a year. The
proposition I make is, that that State shall be per-
mitted to draw her arms in proportion to her pop-
ulation during these three yeais. Hence I can-
not accept the proposition of the Senator from
Rhode Island; but I propose to modify my own
amendment, so as to provide that the distribution,
instead of being according to the number of in-
habitants, shall be according to the number of
free white citizens.
Mr. TOOMBS. I object to that modification.
Several Senators. Vote it down.
Mr. TOOMBS. The slave population is an
object of taxation by the Federal Government.
Mr. GRIM ES. Allow me to modify my amend-
ment according to my own ideas, and then the
Senator can vote against it if he pleases.
Mr. TOOMBS. Very well; but it cannot pass
sub silentio.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not care how the Senator
votes. I offer the proposition; and I wisii to know
who is willing to protect the frontier States by
furnishing them with arms.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment to the amendment, as mod-
ified.
Mr. POLK. Has the Senator from Iowa the
right to modify his amendment under the circum-
stances '
The PRESIDING OFFICER. In the opinion
of the Chair, he has, no Vote having been taken,
and no action of the Senate had on the proposed
amendment to the amendment.
Mi. POLK. Are the people of Iowa better
entitled to piotcction than the people of Missouri
and Texas?
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend the amend-
ment, by striking out all after the enacting clause
of it, and inserting in lieu of it:
That the Bccioiary of War be authorized and directed to
distribute one moiety of the aims now on hand among Hie
seveial tftate- and Territories, according to the ratio of dis-
tribution established by existing laws.
Mr. DIXON called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. POLK. 1 do not think the proposition of
the Senator from Massachusetts would afford a
just distribution at the present time. Under that
distribution, for instance, the State of Texas, that
has the greatest need, would not stand propoi-
tionately on the sam^ ground with the State of
Delaware, or the State of Maryland, or any of the
old States that have no need at all of tin se arms.
Mr. PUGH. That is the reason why, it seems
to me, the whole proposition had better be re-
jected, or made an end of in some shape. If Cal-
ifornia and Texas, Oregon and Minnesota, need
arms to repel Indian hostilities, or any thing else,
1 am willing to vote them; but we do not nerd
them in the old States. It is a mere waste of
money.
Mr. HEMPHILL. I think the objection to
this proposition is, that many of these ?trms are
entinly useless. If 1 understood that, by tins
