1850
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 24,
one of the resolutions in the Democratic platform
recently jmssed at the city of Columbus, when
that question comes properly and fairly before the
Supreme Court, and after thorough investigation
and full argtynent, if they decide that, by virtue
of the Constitution, slavery is protected and car-
ried into the Territories, we will submit, as law-
abiding citizens, to such judicial decision, what-
ever may be our private opinions; for in the State
of Ohio we have just fought the great battle of
judicial purity and authority.
I believe I have fairly and fully stated the posi-
tions which I occupy politically, and I wish merely
to notice some of the positions assumed by the
whole Opposition against it; and in so doing, I
will publish their very language; for when gen-
tlemen undertake to cast opprobrium and epithets
upon the great principle of popular rights and
popular liberty, it ought to be known and read
ana pondered upon by the people—the true rulers
of the nation—as far as possible, that they may
know what they are to expect if such politicians
get the reins of this their (Jovernment. And who
could have imagined for a moment that freedom
of thought, freedom of speech, and freedom of
self-government, could have been assailed upon
this floor in the manner in which it has?
The gentleman from Connecticut [Mr. Ferry]
says:
" I suppose that I may, with propriety, loek to the opin-
ions most recently avowed by Mr. Douglas, for the prin-
ciples which are embraced by this class of politicians;
and, if I truly understand those opinions, they ate, to my
mind, more detestable in raoials, and worse m logic, than
the doctrines which I have already considered. I have said
that the starting point of divergence between the great par-
ties ia found in the question : i la it right or wrong to estab-
lish slavery?' The Democrat in full communion asserts
the former, and reasons properly enough upon his theory of
morality; I aver the latter, and endeavor to icason in like
manner. But to Mr. Douglas, light and wrong, in this
affair, are matters of profound indifference, lie ignores
morality altogether. IIis confession of faith is a political
atheism. He evades the question of expediency in like
manner. Is slavery the blessing that its friends claim it to
be, or a curse, as its enemies asseit? How is it to affect
the piosperity of the future States of the Confederacy, the
happiness of the coming genciations of the people? To
such inquiries he returns no answer; in fact, he asserts that
He docs not caie how they are answered. For aught that
lie knows, or cares, slavciy is just as good as freedom, free-
dom just as bad as slavery; each no better and no worse
than the other. A position more vicious in morals, or more
utterly devoid of the first elements ot statesmanship,! have
never encountered in political study. It is an attempt to
arbitrate between conflicting principles, by ienouncing all
principle. It strives to adjust permanent antagonisms by
the shallowest of tempoiary expedients. It is exactly
adapted to the xvapts of swindling politicians and lying
demagogues. It proceeds from a source where selfish am-
bition, untiring energy, shuffling inconMsteucj, and brazen
assurance, are the chief {juahties which cxeitc the public
attention. It is now seeicing to evade lesfpons-ibihtv, by
shilling to tho judicial the pioper duties of the legislative
dcp.utmenl. Faithless, to cvci> Liang cxcept personal am-
bition. it has taught all parties and all sections that it can-
not be trusted beyond the contracted eucle o! its own self-
ish interest'?. It is destined to be crushed out, as it ought
to be crushed out, m the snuggle which i-> going on hot ween
parties thoroughly in earnest, and each animated by con-
victions of right and duty."
Now. sir, this language would have come from
no one else than some narrow, contracted poli-
tician or reckless exponent of his own exclusive
ideas; for, if the views asserted by tho gentleman
from Connecticut be the true creed of his party,
it stiikes mc with a horror of which I had never
dreamed, for I could not have believed that a rep-
resentative of the great American people could
liave held such doctrines, much less boldly nsscrt
upon the floor of this House that tho avowed in-
tention of his party was to crush outand forever
exterminate the right of the people to govern them-
selves, to make their own laws, whether in State
or Territory, and to do everything else which a
free and independent people can or may do. I
am constrained to think, now, that lie is either 111
tho advance of his party or has set up politically
upon his own capital, without reference to the
Republican partnership. But, assuming the dog-
mas so broadly laid down by him to be the true
sentiments of his party, and admitting him to be
the commissioned and actual exponent of the
same, I am constrained to ask if it be possible that
there is a great party in this country who will so
recklessly launch upon such an uncertain sea, and
so boldly unfurl the black flag of political piracy?
Let that question be kept perpetually before the
minds of the American people, that there is a party
in this country whose avowed object is to crush
out the great principle of popular liberty. I now
fully understand this Republican party to be !
wholly without principle, and antagonistic to all
' principle. I now fully understand them to stand
in the way of all advancement and improvement,
and to stand in the way of political sinners and
to sit in the seats of political scorners. I now un-
derstand them to be like the Arab of the desert,
whom the exponent of their principles has made
the true prototype of their very existence; that
their hands are against every man's hand who
holds sentiments high, honorable, and clearly de-
fined. I know that the recent treasonable, atro-
cious, and unprovoked attack that was made upon
my native county and its peaceable and unsus-
pecting inhabitants at Harper's Ferry, in the State
of Virginia, had received the countenance, sym-
pathy, and support of that party; and upon the fail-
ure of tho preconceived and predetermined plans
of the traitors, that many of their strongholds
were draped in mourning. I know, too, sir, that
in a recent publication they had recommended
servile insurrection, war, bloodshed, arson, and
a complete disruption of all organized society
south of Mason and Dixon's line. But 1 coulcl
not have supposed that any political organization,
at this advanced stage of our Government, would
have been so totally destitute of that high moral
obligation which it owes to human thought, as to
insult the liberties of the people by branding this
exalted principle of popular right as political athe-
ism, as detestable m morals, and devoid of all
principle, as adapted to swindlingpoliticians and
lying demagogues; that it proceeds from a source
of selfish ambition and seeks to evade responsi-
bility; that it has taught all parties that it is not
to be trusted, and that it is destined to be crushed
out, as it ought to be crushed out, by parties thor-
oughly in carnestandanimated by a sense of duty.
Then, sir, from the gentleman from Connec-
ticut we thoroughly understand the mission of
this self-constituted Republican party, and we
advise and depend upon this old and well-tried
Democratic party to rise as one man in the ma-
jesty of hrr strength and throw aside all minor dis-
tinction and difference, and crush out and utterly
annihilate a party so detestable in morals, so
dangerous to the safety and stability of the Union,
and so well adapted to swinding politicians and
lying demagogues, that, if allowed to proceed un-
checked in its unauthorized course, it will mingle
in one promiscuous ruin our finely organized
Government and all human society. I was truly
amused at tho handsome eulogy passed by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania j \Tr. M>Piieii<so J
upon the Democratic party, as he says, as it used
to exist. He says it was composed of high, hon-
orable, and talented men. It waa the very party
whose doctrines were clearly understood, and that
elevated the nation to its present dignified position
in national existence. Does that gentleman know
that thf very same material comprising the party
to which he belongs denounced the Democratic
party in every stage and turn of its doings, with
the same vehemence and vindictiveness that they
are now doing' And admit, for the argument, that
all the gentleman has said is truei it is certainly
a sad and serious commentary upon the acts of
his party, that they have been equally abusive
and denunciatory upon that which is good as well
as that which is bad. And the Democracy need
never expect to please the low grovelmgs which
constitute the leading traits in the character of
Republicanism. I was more amused at the same
gentleman from Pennsylvania, when he under-
took to assert that the Democratic party was re-
sponsible for the failure of the organization of this
House for two months. Now lot us look at this
charge upon the Democratic party. How does
L that question stand > The Democratic party stood
upon this floor with just one hundred members,
all told. There were one hundred and thirty-seven
members opposed to them, all elected in opposi-
tion to the Democratic party. Now, sir, 1 ask
any gentleman upon this floor, or any one else,
how the Democratic party could have kept this
House disorganized, with one hundred members,
while one hundred and thirty-seven members were
opposed to them ? All 1 desire is, that this matter
shall go fairly before the country.
'It is said that certain members of the Demo-
cratic party signed a paper that they would never
allow this House to be organized by the. election
to the Speakership of a man who "had indorsed
the Helper book, by means of the plurality rule.
There were several members who did sign such a
paper, declaring that they never would allow an
organization upon the plurality rule. I say upon
this floor, and in view of my oath to support the
Constitution of the United States, that it is uncon-
stitutional to undertake to electa Speaker upon tho
plurality rule. While I did not sign that paper,
yet I would never have voted for the plurality rule;
because, sir, I believe it is a proposition in direct
violation of the Constitution.
But let this question go fairly before the coun-
try. Let it be clearly understood, and justly de-
cided. The Democratic party is charged with the
disorganization of this House for two months.
We, although in a minority, were willing to do all
we could toward an organization. We were will-
mgto concede something. We left our principles,
to some extent, and united with some gentlemen
from Pennsylvaniaand elsewhere. We voted for
my friend from North Carolina, [Mr. Smith,] and
had actually elected him and organized thisHouse,
when the House was again disorganized by the
efforts of the other side. No, sir; not this, but
the other side of tho House is responsible for the
long non-organization of this House.
As before stated, there is no cause within the
reach of human thought and imagination, upon
which we could consent, or even entertain for a
single hour, a disruption of these States and a
dissolution of our social relations. I again recog-
nize as ail axiom, that the Government of the
United States is the most perfect and complete
system ever originated and put into operation by
human ingenuity; that, whatever may be its inter-
nal evils and intestine broils and disturbances, in-
stead of even allowing the question of disruption to
cross themind ofthe body-politic, it is the duty dc-
voivent upon the statesman and the patriot, to study
well the nature and cause of those errors and
vices, and to apply a remedy sufficiently strong
to eradicate and completely root them out. The
question ofapeaccful secession, and a harmonious
distribution of the common soil and treasure of a
great, growing, and highly cultivated people, is
the most futile and absurd proposition that enters
into the whole scheme of disseverance. Tt is ut-
terly impossible that a division of substance and
a disunity of interest could occur without the
most vindictive civil war, carried to the point of
the most brutal extermination. When that day
does arrive, let every heart consent to the most
humiliating sacrifices, and let every eye expect to
witness scenes equally as ternble and atrocious es
those that ushered the dawn and completed the
destiny of the French Revolution. If, with the
intelligence and the powers of conclusive reason-
ing possessed by the American people; if, with
the general diffusion of knowledge, and our moral
education; if, with the talent and ability of the
present, and the experience of the past, we are un-
able to manage successfully, and conduct safely,
thisgrcatpopular system, then, sir, indeed, is self-
government a mere vision of fancy. Since our
constitutional existence, the cry of disunion has
never, in a single instance, sounded from the great
West. Its grating and inharmonious music has
always been that of tho North or South. In 1809,
Massachusetts seemed so dcterminedinherplans,
that England actually sent n. fleet to take her in
charge ami cover her disloyalty; but as soon as
she saw Britain's flag, sheimmediatclyreturned to
honor and to duty, in 1833, the same spirit mani-
fested itself in South Carolina to such an extent
that it became truly alarming. And in I860 our
wliolo southern section is agitated from the center
to the circumference. They assume a mostihreat-
enin^ attitude, and boldly assert that there is a
condition upon which they will carry that threat
into execution. It has been asserted, in the other
end of this Capitol, that there is 110 Democratic
party either North or West. Wcanswerand say,
that if the Democracy was composed of such ma-
terial as gave utterance to such sentiments, there
would not be a Democratic party cither North or
South; for there is not a single drop ofpurely Dem-
ocratic blood flows through the veins of any indi-
vidual who can, upon any conditions, consent to
dissolution when we have full force to preserve it
against all combined Opposition. I herewith pub-
lish a tabular statement, showing the strength of
parties, both Northwest, and North, and which
is as follows:
The Comparative Strength of tub Democrats and
IvErcBLiclNSi in the Free States.—Some of the south-
ern papers talk as if the whole North was Republican, and
