408
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May T,
36tii Cong....1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Blair.
Ho. of Eeps.
When Exhibit C was shown to him he said it
was not his memorandum, and that lie must have
llis.owtl. The one lie gave is identically the same
as Exhibit C. Strange coincidence! Who made
out Exhibit.C? How did Brady happen to make
one just like it? Brady says his was not a full
list. How did he happen to leave off just such
names as would make it correspond exactly with
Exhibit Cr Explanation: that Exhibit C was
prepared by contestant, just as he prepared other
fists for his census takers, and Brady was afraid
to swear by it until he had a little more time to
look into it.
All the census takers testify that they received
their information from the man himself, his wife,
daughter, or some member of the family, or from
the neighbors. E. M. Joel was asked how lie as-
certained that Thomas Gallagher was not a citi-
zen. His reply was, that Thomas Gallagher
or his wife, if he has one, told him so. (P. 632.)
"William Buckman, another census taker, says,
that where a landlord of a house that had boarders,
or the wife of a husband, could not or would not
tell whether they were naturalized or not, he
marked them on the book as doubtful. (See p.
658.) This witness further says that he would
sometimes find the parties not at home, and their
houses locked; the neighbors would then give him
the desired information. If the returns of a census
thus taken be admissible testimony, any member
of this House, coming from a city, could be easily
unseated. As I have said, there is no evidence
whatever to identify the man found and returned
by the census taker with the individual voter.
But, suppose that a man who voted, should tell a
Census taker that he was not naturalized. When
he. voted lie stated that he whs a legal voter; that
he was naturalized. If he afterwards said he was
not.naturalized, he acknowledged himself a liar,
and, therefore, he is unworthy of belief.
But there is, on page 13 of the ma jority report,
anothervery modest suggestion in regard to these
census returns, namely, that as in many cases the
name of the individual voter and his place of res-
idence were given, thesittmgmember could in an
hour have produced the voter or liis neighbor,
and shown his qualifications. The testimony of
those 063 voters could not have been procured in
six months. But if so accessible as that they
could have, been had in an hour, why did not con-
testant procure their testimony, instead of resort-
ing to this hearsay at second, third, and fourth
remove ?
The truth is, Mr. Speaker, the majority of this
committee have not only refused to be governed
by the rules of evidence, but they have completely
reversed them.
1 call attention to another fact. In the report,
on page 6, it is said that such was tile looseness
and irregularity existing at many of the polls that
anyone having access to the ballot-box eould slip
in fraudulent tickets. I would ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts to point out one of the polls
where there was any looseness or irregularity
which would allow tampering with the ballot-box.
He has said there were many. Will lie oblige me
by naming one?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I understand that the
gentleman from Missouri has been interrupted
about ten minutes, and I hope that time will be
allowed t.o him.
Mr. BARRET. Although not through, I am
unwilling to trespass further on the time of the
House.
THE TARIFF.
SPEECH OF HON. SAM'L S. BL^IK,
OF PENNSYLVANIA,
In the House of Representatives,
May 7, 1860.
The House bcin; in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. BLAIR said:
Mr. Chairman: The bill under consideration,
reported from the Committee ofWays and Means,
fer the readjustment of the duties on foreign im-
ports, Isufipose to be second in importance to none
now on the Calendar, nor indeed to any measure
that has heretofore been considered by the present
Congress. I am aware that more exciting topics
of discussion touching the fundamental principles
of constitutional government have at different
times engaged the attention of Congress and of
the country, the importance of which I would not
under-estimate. Whenever they are presented
by real occasions, they will justly challenge the
attention of all men, whether in public or private
station. But, sir, they must not be permitted to
monopolize the grave thought and anxious solici-
tude of those to whom the high trust of legisla-
tion is committed at a time like the present, when
the public necessities which have called forth the
bill before us invite attention. I therefore desire
to submit an outline of the view which I have
taken of this measure, and the reasons which
govern me in giving my vote in its favor.
Although, in the arrangement of some of its
details, the bill falls short of that standard of pro-
tection to the industrial pursuits of the nation
which protectionists had hoped would be reached
by the deliberations of the committee, yet in the
main it exhibits a fair appreciation of the wants
of the country, and a commendable recognition of
the claims of American labor to the fostering care
of the Government. And whilst it is acceptable
tons because itisto some extentprotective, I had
indulged the expectation that its moderate dis-
criminations in favor of all the leading branches
of industry in our country would not be obnox-
ious even to the prejudices of those who favor the
imposition of duties on foreign imports solely with
a view to the public revenue. The bill comes to
us from the Committee ofWays and Means, with
its provisions matured by a wide and comprehen-
sive investigation, as well of the wants of the
Treasury as of the present condition of trade. It
is the fruit, I am inclined to believe, of careful and
severe study; and though, as I have observed, pro-
tectionists have anticipated more radical changes
of the existing tariff law than are to be found m
the bill, yet in my judgment it has received, and
will continue to receive, the general approbation
of the country. There has not been a lull on your
table for near twenty years that has excited an
anxiety for its passage alto a law so intense and
so wide-spread as that which now animates the
hopes, or alarms the fears, ofall classes and con-
ditions of men, for the ultimate fate of this meas-
ure. Its defeat can be justified in the eyes of the
people by no fallacy, however artful; by no ex-
cuse, however plausible; neither can they be de-
ceived by impracticable substitutes, or misled by
partisan promises, which they have learned by
Uitter experience are often made only to be broken
and trampled under foot, when they have served
the temporary purposes of a selfish ambition.
Whatever objections the future discussions of
the different clauses of the bill may present, 1 have
thus far heard of none from its enemies, except
to the duties proposed to be levied on the imports
of iron in its various stages of manufacture. In
the production of this commodity, many of the
citizens of Pennsylvania, though not alone, are
nevertheless extensively engaged, and it is but
natural that her Representatives, fully realizing
the extent to which the general prosperity of the
State and of the country depends on the main-
tenance of her numerous establishments, and
those of other States, should manifest a corre-
sponding interest in whatever legislation may
affect their welfare. We do not claim, in the dis-
criminations of this bill, a rate of protection for
the iron interest which we do not cheerfully ac-
cord to other pursuits, in which our own people,
in common with the people of other States, are
so largely engaged. We have been accustomed
to regard the prosperity of each bianch of labor
as indispensable to a healthful development of
every other, and would hall with the liveliest sat-
isfaction the promotion and encouragement of all
the arts ill every part of the Confedeiacy.
The enemies of protection, anxious to avail
themselves of narrow, sectional prejudices against
its adoptio'n, are accustomed sometimes to define
it as peculiarly a Pennsylvania policy, as if we
were selfishly committed to a principle at war with
the interests and prosperity of every other part of
the Republic. At other times, seeking to enlist in
their service another class of prejudices, they
teach tiiat it is but a scheme to favor and enrich
the iron-masters at the expense of all other inter-
ests. And we are accordingly told that what-
ever of value to the laborers, artisans, and capital
of Pennsylvania, and of every other State en-
gaged in the manufacture of iron, would spring
from the adoption of this measure, is a concession
to the clamors of the iron-mongers, moved by a
cupidity never satisfied by the bounties of the
Government. I shall undertake to show, sir, that
in this respect our demands have been so moder-
rate, that the opposition to the bill, because of
the supposed exorbitant duties, cannot stand just-
ified by the truth. The proposed duties on iron
are not beyond what, by the common consent of
those who m this country profess to believe in the
maxims and policy of free trade, is esteemed a
revenue standard of duty. The duty on pig iron
is fixed at six dollars per ton, on railroad iron
twelve dollars, on bar iron fifteen dollars; and the
objection is, that these arc protective, and not
revenue duties. The great desideratum of the
friends of free trade, in 184G, was to discover
what was the lowest rate of duty that would pro-
duce the largest amount of revenue, regardless of
its effects on manufactures. The Secretary of the
Treasury, whose free-trade friends, until quite
recently, never named him but to praise him, after
a most careful collection of statistical information
regarding the condition of manufactures and the
operations of commerce; and after arranging his
tables in every conceivable shape, that he might
deduce from them a practical result, informed
Congress that all he could say on the subject was,
that on a list of articles, of which iron was one,
the lowest rate of duty that could be imposed,in
order to raise the largest amount of revenue,
would exceed twenty per cent, ad valorem.
Thus it will be perceived he limited the inquiry
only in one direction, and left his friends in Con-
gress to wander over the wide field he spread be-
fore them for the discovery of the secret. They
found it. It was thirty per cent.; and that, by
the general verdict of professed free traders, was
adjudged a strictly revenue duty, one that relieved
consumers from all taxation, except for the legit-
imate purposes of Government. Now, sir, I ask
those free-trade gentlemen, who suppo.se the iron
interest to be unduly protected by this bill, to
look at the facts, and see how far they arc sus-
tained in that opinion. At the time of the pas-
sage of the act of 1846, the English pricc of bar
iron was §48 50 per ton, which, with commis-
sions, would amount to §50, the duty on which
was $15, the precise sum named in this bill. But
I do not propose to confine the inquiry to the price
of a single year, for it might lead to false conclu-
sions. Take the last five years of the operation
of the tariff of 1846, ending 31st Julie, 1857, a
period sufficient to afford us a fairtest, and during
that time we find, from the custom-house returns,
that the average foreign price of bar iron was
§52 23 per ton, which made the duty, at thirty
per cent., §15 67. The declared average price of
railroad iron was §39 34perton, making tile duty
§11 80. The average foreign price of pig iron,
during the same time, was §17 70,,yieldmgaduty
of §5 31. So that the duties proposed now would
be sixty-nine cents per ton more on pig iron,
eleven cents per ton more on railroad iron, and
sixty-seven cents per ton less on bars, than the
duties collected under the act of 1846, duringthe
time I have mentioned. A table published by the
honorable gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Mor-
kjll,] who reported the bill, embracing the same
classes of iron for a period covering the last six
years, including the time since the act of 1857
went into operation, exhibits about the same re-
sult, and sustains the assertion that this provis-
ion relative to the duties on iron is simply a change
in the form of imposing the duty.
During' the five years mentioned we imported
484,441 ions of pig, 445,895 tons rolled bar, and
1,043,979 tons rails; so that, if the specific duties
of this bill had been levied (luring that period, the
account would have stood thus:
Increased duty on pig iron $334,264 29
Increased duty on lails  208,795 80
543,060 09
Deduct diminished duty on bars  298,749 95
Leaving   §944,320 i4
the amount of duty which, at the rates of this
