1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
881
went a thorough investigation by the Committee
on Naval Affairs at the last session; and they
passed it unanimously. The vouchers were all
found, to be regular, and I hope the bill will be
taken up and put on its passage.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection the
question will be on the third reading of the joint
resolution.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I object.
Mr. WINSLOW. I think, under the circum-
stances, the gentleman ought not to object.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. That is just the
reason why I object. I want time to inquire into
the circumstances.
The SPEAKER. If there be no motion to
commit, the question will be on ordering the joint
resolution to a third reading.
Mr. HOUSTON. Docs not the bill make an
appropriation.' If itdoes, itgoes to the Committee
of the Whole, of course.
Mr. WINSLOW. I trust the gentleman from
Virginia will, under the circumstances, withdraw
his objection. This gentleman expended some
two thousand dollars more than his entire salary
as an officer in the Navy "and it would be an act
of injustice not to refund it to him.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Whatamount doe's
the bill appropriate ?
Mr. WI.NSLOW. Only about two thousand
dollars.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Well, sir, as the
amount is not large, I withdraw my objection.
Mr. WILSON. I object.
Mr. STANTON. I think there can be very
little time lost by the reference of this matter to a
committee. I suppose the joint resolution can be
put on its passage only by unanimous consent.
Mr. WINSLOW. Certainly; but I trust there
will be no objection.
Mr. STANTON. I am not sure in my recol-
lection about this matter. I am not sure that it is
right.
Mr. WINSLOW. It is right.
Mr. STANTON. There can be very little time
lost. I prefer that it should be referred.
Mr. WINSLOW. I think that the passage of
the resolution without reference would be a very
graceful act upon the part of the House, from the
very fact that they neglected to make the appropri-
ation in the last Congress. If Commander Hart-
stene had not incurred this expenditure, he would
have encountered the censure of the whole coun-
try. Itwasexpectedofhimasan American officer
by the Department.
Mr. HOUSTON. I suppose the joint resolu-
tion, as it makes an appropriation, goes, as a
matter of course, to the Committee of the Whole
House.
Mr. WINSLOW. I trust there will be no ob-
jection.
Mr. STANTON. Well,.sir, as the appropri-
ation is small, I will withdraw my objection, al-
though I think this method of passing bills is
wrong.
Several Members. Read the resolution.
The joint resolution was read. It appropriates
$2,008 60 to reimburse Commander H. J. Hart-
stene for expenses incurred by him in restoring the
brig Resolute to the British Government.
Mr, MORSE. I hope there will be no objec-
tion to the immediate passage of the resolution.
It underwent a thorough examination in the last
Congress by the Committee on Naval Affairs, and
was unanimously reported by them. It will now
be only a mere matter of form to send it again to
that committee. It is one of those resolutions
that are manifestly just. It would certainly re-
ceive the unanimous approval of the Committee
on Naval Affairs if it were to be sent there again,
and would be so reported back to the House. I
hope all objection will be withdrawn, and that it
will be passed immediately.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. As I made the first
objection to the passage of this joint resolution at
this time, it is proper that I should make a simple
statement in relation to it. I understand this to
be a resolution appropriating a sum of money to
the captain of a vessel sent to the British Govern-
ment—to the dueen of England—as a present.
After he gets there, he voluntarily, of his own
accord, gives an entertainment to certain high offi-
cials of England: and we are now asked to author-
ize the expenditure which was made by him with-
out authority. There is the whole question. It
mvolvesanimportant principle. I thinkweshould
establish the principle that the commanders of our
naval ships, as well as other officers of the Gov-
ernment, shall carry out literally their instructions;
and if they choose to give grand entertainments,
it shall be at their own expense, and not with the
understanding that Congress shall reimburse them
for their expenditures. However, as I remarked,
I will Aot insist upon my objection in this in-
stance.
Mr. FLORENCIJ. Then there no objection.
The SPEAKER proceeded to nut the question
upon the engrossment and third reading of the
jointresolution, and was dividing the House upon
it.
Mr. WELLS. I object.
Mr. WINSLOW. It is too late to object.
Mr. MORSE. I hope that the gentleman from
New York will withdraw his objection. This is
a special case'. The gentleman will remember
that this was a vessel fitted up at the expense of
the United States, under an act of Congress, and
presented to Great Britain. This commander
carried over this vessel to Great Britain by direc-
tion of the President of the United States, and
he made a formal presentation of it to the British
Government, receiving the Q,ueen and her Min-
isters on board. He did that, sir, at his own ex-
pense. He had to entertain the Queen and her
Ministers in order to save the credit of the Uni-
ted States. Why, then, should we stand here
haggling over this small appropriation, when the
honor of the country is concerned? What would
the gentleman, what would the country have said,
if Captain Hartstene had not entertained the
Q.ue'en and those who received the Resolute from
his hands ? I do not see what possible good can
be accomplished by sending the bill to a commit-
tee. I hope, then, that my friend will withdraw
his objection. This is a case which occurs for
the first time, and the House need not be afraid
that the naval officers of the country will have a
precedent of extravagance for imitation in the
future, for the case may never occur again. Cap-
tain Hartstene was directed to do a certain duty,
and he has done it; and why should we not reim-
burse him for his expenses ? This is a special
case conforming to no rules known to the Navy
Department.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is this de-
bate in order?
Mr. MORSE. I am only appealing to the gen-
tleman from New York to withdraw his objec-
tion.
Mr. FLORENCE. The objection comes too
late.
Mr. WINSLOW. The bill was read, and I
apprehend that a single objection cannot now stop
the bill. Does the Speaker decide that the objec-
tion came too late?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I thi^k that it
came too late. %
The SPEAKER. _ The Chair thinks that the
objection was made in time.
Mr. WINSLOW. Then I make this point: I
think, if the bill is examined critically, that it will
be found not to be an appropriation bill, and that
a single objection, therefore, cannot stop it.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the bill.
The Clerk read the bill in cxtenso. It provides
that the sum of $2,008 60 shall be allowed and
paid, by the accounting officers of the Treasury, to
Commander H. J. Hartstene, on account of extra
expenses incurred by him in restoring the bark.
Resolute.
Mr. WINSLOW. Thatamount is to be allowed
him in the settlement of his accounts.
The SPEAKER. Is the money to be paid out
of an appropriation already made ?
Mr. PHELPS. There can be no doubt, Mr.
Speaker, that this is an appropriation bill, and
that the gentleman from New York [Mr. Wells]
insisting upon his objection, it must be referred,
cither to one of the standing committees or to the
Committee of the Whole House. I move that it be
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I move that
it be referred to the Committee of the Whole House
on the Private Calendar.
Mr. PHELPS. Then I withdraw my motion.
Mr. WINSLOW. Very well, let it take that
course.
The question was taken; and ths bill was re-
ferred accordingly.
CAPTAIN WILLIAM B. SIIPBRIOK.
The SPEAKERalso laid before the House ajoint
resolution (S. No. 12) giving the consent of Con-
gress to Captain William B. Shubrick to accept
a sword presented to him by Captain General and
President Urquiza, of the Argentine Confedera-
tion; which was read a first and second time by
its title.
Mr. MILES. Mr. Speaker, I hope that the
House will consent to put that joint resolution-
on its passage. It contains no appropriation. 'I
can even satisfy my frienu from Virginia, [Mr.
Millson,] who is so scrupulous, and properly
so, on constitutional grounds, that in permitting
this gallant commander to accept this sword pre-
sented to him by President Urquiza, we only do
what we have done repeatedly in similar cases.
I presume that there will be no objection to put-
ting the joint resolution on its passage.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the res-
olution.
The Clerk read the joint resolution in extenso.
It provides that the consent of Congress shall be
granted to Captain William Bradford Shubrick,
late commander-in-chief of the squadron on the
coast of Brazil and the Paraguay expedition, to
accept a sword, presented to him by His Excel-
lency Justo Jose de Urquiza, Captain General and
President of the Argentine Confederation, as a
mark of his appreciation of the "distinguished
character " of that officer, said sword havingbeen
worn by the President on the occasion of signing
the new act of Confederation of the Argentine
States.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, there is no
necessity to refer that joint resolution to a com-
mittee, and I hope it will be put on its passage.
It has been usual, heretofore, to put such resolu-
tions immediately on their passage.
Mr. MILES. That is just what I have pro-
posed, and I trust that there wilt be no objection.
The joint resolution was ordered to be read a
third time; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
SCHOONEES HELEN FLOOD AND SARAH BOND.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a bill
(Senate No. 146) authorizing the Secretary of the
Treasury to issue registers to the schooners Helen
Flood and Sarah Bond, of Oswego, State of New
York; which was read a first and second time by
its title, and, on motion of Mr. Washburne, of
Illinois, referred to the Committee on Commerce.
ABOLITION OF THE FRANKING PRIVILEGE.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
bill (Senate No. 35) to abolish the franking privi-
lege; which was read a first and second time by
its title.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I move that that
bill be referred to a select committee of five; and
I do it, sir, for the purpose of having a full report
on this subject, which has undergone no discus-
sion, until within a few days past, since 1791. J
trust that it will be so referred.
Mr. STEVENSON. I hope that the motion
of the gentleman from Ohio will not prevail. I
would much rather put the bill on its passage
now without reference to any committee what-
ever. I will not, however, insist on that, because
it is somewhat unusual; but, sir, I see no reason
why this bill should not take the ordinary course
and go to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads
Mr. PHELPS. Well, make that motion.
Mr. STEVENSON. I do make the motion.
I think that the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads is fully able to discharge its duty, and
to give this House all the light capable of being
shed upon this subject. I see no reason why,
under the motion of the gentleman from Ohio, this
bill should be exempted from the ordinary course
which bills take coming from the Senate. I hope,
therefore, instead of to a select committee, that
the bill will be referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. COLFAX. I was about to make the same
motion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I mo ve that
it be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. Speaker,! do not think
that there is the least necessity to refer this bill
to any committee at all. It makes no appropri-
ation, and it involves no principle that each mem-
