1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
amendment, no arms would be distributed ex-
cept those that were useful for warlike purposes,
I should be in favor of it. Certainly, it would
not he giving any benefit to the States to throw a
great many of the old arms on them, which have
been rejected, and are not fit for use.
Mr. \V 1LSON. I propose to modify my amend-
ment, by adding " on the basis of the census of
I860."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The yeas and
nays having been ordered, no modification of the
amendment can be received, unless by unanimous
consent.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. I object to that. I want
them this year. I do not want to wait until the
next census.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. The question
must be taken on the amendment to the amend-
ment as the Senator from Massachusetts 1ms of-
fered it, the yeas and nays having been ordered
before he proposed his modification.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS—Mo^rs. I>ayard, Bragg, Chesnut, CIingman3
Fitch, Fitzpatrxek, Gwin, Ilanunond, Hemphill, Lane, La-
tham, Mallory, Mason, Pearco, Powell, Pu?h, Sumner,
Ton Ejck, Thomson, Toombs, Wigfall, and Wilson—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bieler, Bingham, Chandler,
CoJJamer, Crittenden, Davis, Dixon, Doohttle, Durkee,
Foster, Green, Guinea, IJamlm, Harlan, Hunter, Johnson
of Aikansas, Johnson of Tennessee, King, Nicholson,
Polk, Sebastian, Simmons, Slidell, Trumbull, Wade, Wil-
kinson, and Yulee—28.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from Con-
necticut.
Mr. DAY1S. 1 offer this amendment, to be
attached to the pending' amendment:
Provided, That the arms so distributed shall be manufac-
tuied by the United States.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; there being, on a division—ayes twenty-six,
noes not counted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Connec-
ticut as amended.
Mr. TOOMBS. I will state, in a word, that the
whole effect of the amendment now is to give the
armories of the United States <,600,000 a year to
go into their workshops, instead of §200,000.
Mr. PUGH. I ask for the yeas and nays.
Several Senators. Oh, no; we will vote it
down.
Mr. PUGH. Very well; I withdraw the call.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I am authorized, by the
Committee on Indian Affairs, to offer the follow-
ing amendment:
To enable the Secrctaiv of the Interior to lestote to their
relatives m Wj-consin tour orphan childien of Edward
Mihimoie, whose parent#, brothels, and sisters, were mas-
saciod on or about the 31-t dnv of August, 1S5S, about one
bundled miles noith of Salt Lake City, by a party of In-
dians,or Moimons disguised as such, and who e.-eaped the
mas-acre and found leiuge at Camp Floyd, $1,500.
I need not say that this is the introduction of
no new class of expenditure at all. It is precisely
such a provision as was adopted by the last
Congress for the restoration of the orphan chil-
dren whose parents composed the emigiant train
from Arkansas that were murdered at Mountain
Meadows. Since then another train has gone
over, and the parents were murdered by the^ In-
dians, or Mormons disguised as Indians. Four
of these children were rescued by the Army offi-
cers and others, and brought into Camp rloyu.
The amcmlmrnt proposes to appropriate the
amount estimated by the Secretary of the Intenoi,
to bring them back to their homes. I1 urther than
that it does not go; and it is in precise conformity
to what has been the practice of our Government
from the ume the first occasion called for an ap-
propriation of this kind to the present time.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mv. DAVIS. I wish to offer an amendment
at this time:
Jlni be it further enactcil, That the lot of land mite
citv of Man Antonio, T.-xa-, donated to the Hulled State
on the ith div of March, 18j7, a  a site foi an a-scnal and
barracks, for which it has been found to be nnsUitab be,
and the same >*, reconveyed to t.ie said cit} ol ^an A.i-
tOJU'K
I believe the amcndm'ont explains itself.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. The Secretary of War has sent
to the Committee on Military Affairs a number
of recommendations, or estimates for appropria-
tions, the adoption of which the committee did
not think proper to recommend; but I feel that it
is due to the Secretary and to the Senate that they
should be presented to this.body. The first is an
estimate for funds to pay for the rent of sites
which have been occupied as posts, and for fuel
that has been cut on land, the title to which was
not at the time known to be in the hands of an
individual; in other, words, which was believed
to be a public reservation. This includes sites
in Texas, sites in California, and sites in Oregon.
The committee do not recommend it.
The Secretary of War also asks for an appro-
priation for a road from Camp Floyd to. Fort
Leavenworth. The committee do not recommend
it. There is also a recommendation for bariacks
at Fort Monroe, which is covered by a restora-
tion of one item of the estimates, made by the
Committee on Finance. He also recommends an
appropriation for the arsenal at Harper's Ferry.
The committee do not recommend it He also
asks for appropriations for allowances to officers,
this being on account of an opinion of the Attor-
ney General that officers waiting orders are enti-
tled to commutation of quarters. The committee
do not concur in the propriety of the recommend-
ation, and therefore do not present it favorably
to the Senate. He also asks for an appropriation
of $5,000 for the publication of the regulations in
relation to inspection, review,parades,&c. The
committee do not recommend it. He also recom-
mends nn increase of the appropriation for arm-
ing the militia—the amendment which has just
been rejected, and which the committee do not
recommend. He also recommended an appropri-
ation of $20,000 for an arsenal at Fort Leaven-
worth. This came in very late, and the com-
mittee have had no time to deliberate on it, and
instructed me not to piesunt it with the recom-
mendation of the committee. Another was for
repairs of Fort Mackinaw, §9,000., None of these
are recommended by the committee, but all of
them are submitted to the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen-
ate take the vote on these propositions collectively
or individually ?
Mr. HUNTER. They arc not amendments.
No one moves them as amendments. We have
no question about them. We have a great many
estimates in the Finance Committee that we do
not act oil.
Mr. DAVIS. The Committee on Military Af-
fairs do not feel willing to be the custodian of
such recommendations, of which they consider
the Senate the final judge. One of them recom-
mends a hypothetical estimate, which will prob-
ably be followed by other estimates, and finally
by a deficiency bill, and the committee do not
choose to keep it secret.
Mr. HEMPHILL. I have an amendment to
offer:
For rent of the site of Foit Graham, Texas, $2,800, to
the Istof Novembei, 1853.
For wood and timber cut at Fort Graham, to the 1st ol
November, 18.33. and u«?cd lor iuei and building pmposes
i>v tile troop?, £7'<o T.*>.
"For rent of site of Camp Hudson, Texas, to the 1st ot
July, 1559, $1,0-11 66.
For rent ol ol Fort Belknap, Texa?, and for wood
and timber cut and to Jat.uaiy 1, 1859, $3,91)3 -.tt.
For rent of :>ite of Fort Meinil, Texas and for wood
and timber cut and used, to Duc^mbei J2,
The estimate for these items was made out on
the 9th of March, 1800, and was sent at that time
to the Committee of Ways and Means ot the
House of Representatives. The first papers that
were sent there were lost. The Secretary of War
then sent duplicates. They were aiso lost; and
on the 29tli of May he senta tiiplicate to the Com-
mittee on Militaiy Affairs of the Senate, and the
fact of the loss of the papers shows why the mat-
ter is now brought in at so late a day. The Quar-
termaster General, in Ills letter to the Secietaiy
of War transmitting these estimates, says:
"I have the honor to submit herewith the estimate lor
the rent of the sites occupied niTe^as at (hffeicnt times by
commanding officers of the, troops at pei .ods when the own-
ers of the land, could not be found, or iv m title,
of those claiming them weie considered doubtful, and
for timber for building and wood for fuel, amounting lo
§12,798 60 "
I wish the Senate to understand that when any
of these temporary posts are located upon lands
in Texas, the quartermasters refuse to pay rent
for them until the title becomes perfectly clear.
For instance: if the post is placed on a location
or a survey, the quartermaster refases to pay rent
until a patent is obtained for the land; or if there,
is any difficulty in relation to the title, if a squat-
ter is upon the land, there must be an adjuuica-
tion«in court, in order that the title may be cleared
up, before the rent will be paid. - ,
That was the case with the sites at Fort Mer-
rill and Fort Graham. The reason why this has
not been paid before is because there has been a
difficulty about the title. These are not in the
character of private claims at all. They are esti-
mates that are made up in every estimate of the
year. For the next fiscal year, ending June 30,
18G1, the estimates for rents, including sites for
posts such as these, are $101,500; and an appro-
priation of that amount is contained in this bill.
If the appropriation for the years for which this
rent is now claimed were not exhausted, the par-
ties would not have to apply to Congress for an
increase of the present appropriation. There is
not a particle of difference between the claim of
rent for these sites and for those for which the
payment of §101.500 is recommended in the reg-
ular estimates, except that these estimates were
not made out until after the commencement of
this session of Congress. The two estimates
stand upon precisely the same footing. There is
not a particle more merit in any portion of that
$101,500 appropriation than in paying these
claims. They are made up of estimates for par-
ticular posts, recommended by the same Quarter-
master General and the same Secretary of War;
and the only evidence upon which that $101,500
is to be appropriated is precisely the same that
there is now for these estimates. 1 here offer the
letter from the Secretary of War recommending
the appropriation:
War Department, May 29, I860.
Sik : I have the honor to inclose to you a ti iplieate of a
communication from the QuartPiraastci General, embody-
ing an estimate foi the rent of militaiy sites in Texas, and
for wood cut for the use of troops stationed there and at
Monterey, California, and I respectfully iceoimnend the
passage of an appropriation to meet tne amount.
The original and a duplicate of tins estimate, liauMmtted
to the Committee of Ways and Means of tbe House ot
Representatives, arc understood to have been lost or mis-
laid, and it has, therefore, become necessaiy to bring the
matter to the attention of your committee, in Older that
action may be had upon it at the prer-ent session of Con-
gress.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
' 1 JOHN 1!. FLOYD,
Secretary of War.
Hon. Jefferson Davis, Chairman of Committee on Mili-
tary Jlj/airs, Senate.
Mr. WILSON. I hope this amendment will
not be pressed. It was understood, I think, by
gentlemen connected with the committee, that
this matter was to be laid aside for this session.
I think it is somewhat in the nature of a private
claim; and whether it be right in itself or not,
there are several cases of this class, which had
better lie over until the subject can be fully under-
stood at the next session.
Mr. COLLAMER.. To whom does this ap-
propriation purport to bo payable?
Mr. PUGH. To the owners of the property.
Mr. COLLAMER. It does not say so.
Mr. TOOMBS. Let us have the vote; wc all
understand it.
Mr. HEMPHILL. In the estimates made at
the commencement of the session, they do not
name the owners of the various forts ot posts.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. PUGH. I move to strike out lines one
hundred and eighty-nine, one hundred and ninety,
one hundred and" ninety-one, one hundred and
ninety-two, one hundred and ninety-three, and
one hundred and ninety-four in the bill, the pro-
vision providing for adding to the staff of the
Army a signal officer, with the rank, pay, and
allowances of a major oi cavnby, and, in lieu
thereof, to insert:
And that the President be requeued to assemble a board
of ofiicois, consisting ot the Uiuutcimaster General, the
Chief Engineei, the Chief of Oidnaiice, ami the Adjutant
General of the'Aimv, to consider and repoittn Congiess,
at their next session, whether any <orp«, or o.fleeis, or
officer should be added to the start of the Army, tor the use
of signals in the field; and if the board shall be ot that opin-
ion. w recommend a suitable piovision am. p.an tor that
purpose.
My simple object is to know whether Congress
will create this office, or refer it to the Depait-
