THE OONGRISSIGNAL GLOBE.
February 17.
ber here Will not examine for himself. 1 prefer
that it shall so stand, that wo may have a vote on
it whenever we choose. I prefer that the bill
should be postponed to a day certain—I do not
* care what day, so that it is one within reasonable
time—for in that way we shall have action upon
t}ie bill. -Therefore I move to postpone it until
Monday three weeks.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for the*
previous question.
"Mr. STEVENSON^ How can the gentle-
man from Illinois call for the previous question,
when the gentleman from Alabama is upon the
floor}
• The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from Ala-
bama has not yielded the floor, the call for the
previous question is not in order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am willing to vote upon
the bill to-day; just as willing to do it now as at
any other time. My own opinion upon it is
formed, and I presume that is the fact in refer-
ence to every member of the House. The pro-
visions of the bill are simple and plain, and there
can be no trouble in forming our conclusions in
regard to it. I am willing, however, that it
should bfe postponed, for the reason that in doing
that we do not put it out of the reach of the House,
but leave it where its friends, when the time ar-
rives to-which it was postponed, can have a vote
upon it; for when that time arrives the bill comes
up in the shape of unfinished business. I move,
therefore, if the Chair will entertain my motion—
a.nd I suppose it will—that the further considera-
tion of this bill be postponed until Tuesday three
weeks.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now move
the previous question, which will bring the House
to a vote.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I call for the read-
ing of the bill.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Will the gen-
tleman from Illinois withdraw the call for the
previous question, until I can submit a motion
to refer the bill to a Committee of the Whole
House ?
Mr. REYNOLDS. I ask the gentleman from
Illinois to withdraw his call.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Upon the
request of the gentleman from New York, I with-
draw my demand.
Mr. REYNOLDS. I move the indefinite post-
ponement of this bill.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I call for the read-
ing of the bill.
The bill was read, as follows:
Be it enacted, #c., That all laws by which any person
or persons are nnthori2ed to send or receive any Available
matter free of postage be, and the snmc are hereby repealed:
Providedj that this act shall not apply to any person or per-J
sons to whom the franking privilege lfcay have been granted
by name.
Sec. 2. Jlnd he it further enacted, That this act shall take
effect from and after the 15th of April, 1860.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Do I understand
that a motion has been made by the gentleman
from New York to indefinitely postpone the con-
sideration of this bill ?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. STEVENSON. I demand the yeas and
nays upon it.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to know
whether it is the purposeof the gentleman to pre-
vent a proper consideration of this bill. It is a
very important one, and I should be very much
gratified by having the motion of the gentleman
from Alabama prevail. Let the consideration of
this bill be postponed for three weeks.
■ The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order. The
question is upon seconding the demand for the
previous question.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I trust the Speaker
will bear m mind my object. It is not to discuss
this matter; but to suggest to the gentleman from
New York that we should have this bill put in
TO-*™ Poslt;iotl that we can have a vote upon it
Will the gentleman say whether he will withdraw I
his motion or not? |
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I wish to know what I
is to be the effect of the previous question upon i
this important bill, before we are compelled to !
vote upon it. j
Mr. REYNOLDS. I desire to know whether I
I hav6 the floor? )
_ The SPEAKER. No one has the $oor pend- i
*ng the demand for the previous qnestion. I
If I have the ear of the
1 call the gentleman to
Mr. REYNOLDS.
Chair 
Mr. STEVENSON.
order.
Mr. REYNOLDS. I withdraw my motion for
an indefinite postponement of the bill, and now
more to lay it upon the table; and upon that mo-
tion I call the previous question.
Mr. STEVENSON. Upon that motion i de-
mand the yea£ and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 72, nays 99; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Green Adams, Aidrich, Alley, Beale,
Bingham, Blair, Blake, Brayton, Buffinton, Burhngame,
Burnham, Buttcrfield, Campbell, Carey, Carter, Case, John
G. Davis, Dawes, Dunn, Edwards, Ely, Fenton, Foster,
Gilmer, Gooch, Grow, Gurloy, Hale, Ilaskin, Heimiek,
Howard, Irvine, Junkm, Ftancis W. Kellogg, William
Kellogg, Killinger, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, Loomis, Love-
joy ? Mamon, Elbert S. Martin, McICean, McKnight, Mill-
ward, Montgomery, Laban T. Moore, Moorhead, Morrill,
Fsaac N. Morns, Morse, Nelson, Palmer, Reynolds, Chris-
topher Robinson, James C. Robinson, Koyce, Schwartz,
Spaulding, Spinner,' Stevens, Thayer, Tompkins, Van
Wyck, Wade, Wall on. CadtvaladPr C. Washburn, EJlihu
B. Washburne. Israel Washburn, Weils, Wilson, and
Windom—72.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles Adams, Adrain, Allen,
Thomas L. Andeison, Ashmore, Barksdale, Barr, Barrett,
Botelcr, Bouligny, Boyce, Briggs, Bristow, Burch, Burnett,
John B. Clark, Clopton, Cobb, John Cochrane, Colfax,
Conkling, Cooper, Cox, James Ciaig, Curry, Davidson,
De Jarnette, Edgerton, Edmundson, Eliot, Farnsworth,
Ferry, Florence, Frank, Garnett, GartreH, Hamilton, Har-
deman, J. Morri&ou Han is, Hatton, Hill, frindman, Hous-
ton, Hutehins, Jackson, Jenkins, Jones, Keitt, ICilgore,
Kunkel, Lamar, Landrum, .Leake, Logan, Love, MacJay,
Charles D. Martin, Maynaid, McClernand, Mcpherson,
McQueen, MeRae, Miles, Millson, Sydenham Mooie,
ward Joy Morris, Niblack, Pendleton, Pettit, Peyton,
Phelps, Porter, Potter, Quarles, Reagan, Riggs, Ruffin,
Ru'it, Sedgwick, Sherman, Sickles, Singleton, William
Smith, William 3V. Ii. Smith, Stallworth, Stanton, Steven-
son, Stokes, Stout, Stratton, Theaker, Thomas, Trimble,
Valiandigham, Vance, Webster, Wmslow, Woodruff, and
Woodson—99.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
i table.
I During the call,
J Mr. McClUEEN stated that Mr. Bonham had
i paired off with Mr.VANDEYERupon this question.
I Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia, when his name was
J nailed, said: Mr. Speaker, I am in favor of the
Senate bill now before this House, and I hope the
motion to lay it on the table will not prevail, as I I
would regard the success of that motion as a con- '
signment of the bill to " the tomb of the Capu-
lets." But, being paired, on this question as well
as all others, with Mr. Longnecker, of Pennsyl-
vania, I decline to vote.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Desirous that this
bill shall be referred to a select committee, I vote
" no."
Mr. CAMPBELL stated that Mr. Hickman
was paired off with Mr. Whiteley.
Mr. MAYNARD, when his name was called,
said: Though I am opposed to this bill, yet I
think it proper, out of respect to the Senate, that
the bill should be referred. Therefore I vote
" no."
Mr. ELY stated that Mr. Pottle had paired
off with Mr. Branch.
Mr. AVERY said that had he been within the
Hall when his name was called, he would have
voted in the negative.
Mr. HUMPHREY stated that he was called
out just before his name was called, and that had
he been present, he should haVe voted in the neg-
ative.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon sec-
onding the demand for the previous question upon
the motion to refer the bill to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky submitted a motion to refer the bill to the '
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads, !
which takes precedence of the other motion.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. And I moved to .
refer it to a select committee. '
Mr. STEVENSON. I desire to inquire of the '
Chair m what order the various motions will be ;
put?
The SPEAKER. First upon referring to the 1
Committee on the Judiciary, then to the Commit- '
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads, and lastly !
to a select committee. j
Mr. STEVENSON. May I inquire of the !
first?'"' UP°n Wimt fr'nciPle the ,ast Motion is put j
The SPEAKER. It is treated as an amend-
ment to the other motions.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I ask that the 114th
rule may be read, in connection with the 47th.
Mr. BURNETT. While a demand for the pre-
vious question is pending 
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Have I the floor?
Mr. BURNETT. Not if I desire to raise a
question of order.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Then state it.
Mr. BURNETT. I will state it. The gentle-
man from Ohio is not in order, if, as I understand
the Speaker, the question is upon seconding the
demand for the previous question. That being
the case, how can the gentleman from Ohio haVe
the floor ?
Mr. VALLANDIGH*AM. I rose to a ques-
tion of order myself. The 47th rule prescribes
the order, as follows:
" When a resolution shall be offered, or a motion made,
to refer any eubjcct, and different committees shall be pro-
posed, the question shall be taken in the following order :
the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the
Union; the Committee of the Whole House; a standing
committee; a select committee."
But a subsequent rule, (the 117th,) which,upon
legal principles, would have priority in any way
in case of a conflict, provides that—
"Upon the second reading of a bill the Speaker shall
state it as ready for commitment or engrossment; and, if
committed, then a question shall be, whether to a select
or standing committee, or to a Committee of the Whole
House."
Now I submit as a point of order that, in the
ease of a bill having been read a second time, and
the question being on its reference, the question
must first be put upon the motion to refer to a se-
lect committee. And that motion, by the way,
was first made.
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman from Ohio has
demonstrated the correctness of the decision of the
Speaker.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that, un-
der the 47th rule, the order of putting the motions
is prescribed in thisway: first to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, then to a
Committee of the Whole House, then to a stand-
ing committee, and then to a select committee.
The Chair therefore decides that the first motion
would be upon reference to a standing committee.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the mam question ordered to be put.
The SPEAKER. The first question is upon
the motion to refer to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary. If there is no objection, it will be re-
ferred to that committee.
Mr. PHELPS. I object. I desire to have it
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. WASHBURN,ofMaine. I ask that the
bill may be again read.
The bill was accordingly read.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I give notice
that, when it is in order, I shall move to amend the
title by adding these words:
And to separate the Representative from his constituents,
and to atjolfsh the country newspaper press.
Mr. FLORENCE. I agree with you there.
That is a common platform.
The question was taken on the motion to refer
the bill to the Committee on the Judiciary; and it
was not agreed to.
The question recurred on the motion to refer to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
Mr. BARKSDALE called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Florlxce
and MrJffjjiGHT were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported 
ayes fifty-eight; noes not counted.
Mr. STEVENSON called for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. Would it be in order
to move now to postpone indefinitely the consid-
eration of this matter ?
TheSPEAKER. Itwouldnotbeinorderpend-
mg the demand for the previous question.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. That would be the
better way to dispose of it.
Mr. BURCH. I move that the House do now
adjonrn.
. iVTr. BARKSDALE. T desire to ask a ques-
adjourn now, what becornea
of this bill ?
The SPEAKER. It will be the first thing' in
order on Monday morning.
