1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2797
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, June 9, 1860.
The House met ut eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
call OF the house.
Mr. ALLEN. There is evidently no quorum
present, and I move that there be a call of the
House.
Mr. ETHER1DGE. I hope the Journal will
be read. There will be a quorum present, evi-
dently, before the reading of the Journal has been
completed. I am not certain that a quorum is not
already here.
Mr. ALLEN. I insist on my motion.
The motion was agreed to.
The roll was called, and the following mem-
bers failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. Gieen Adams, Aldrich, Allev, Thomas L. An-
derson, Ashlej, Babbitt, Jiaiksdalc, Barr, Beatc. Francis
P. Blair, JJocock, Brown, Burnett, Butteifieid, Campbell,
Horace F. Clark, Clemens, Ciaik B. Cochrane, Conklmjr,
Corwm, Covode, Cox, lleuben Davis, Dawes, Dimmick,
Edwaid^, Fern, Floience, Frank, Garnctt. Gihner, Goocli,
Graham, Grow, Hale, Hall, J. Morrison 'Harris, ilaskin,
Hawkins, Hill, Hoard, Iiutchins, Jenkins, Keitt,killii)gcr,
Lamar, James M. Leach, Logan, Longnecker, Charles l3.
M.utin, Elbert S. Mai tin, MeCIeniand, McQueen, McRae,
Miles, MiIKoti, Milhvard, Sydenham Moore, I*aac N.
Morris, Niblack, Nixon, Olin, Palmer, Peuy, Pettit, Pottei,
Quailes, James C. Robinson, Rust, Scianton, Sickles,
Simms, Singleton, Somes, Spinner, Staliworth, Stanton,
Stevens, Stevenson, Stout, Stratton, Train, Van Wyck,
Venee, Wade, L-rael Washburn, Webster, Wilson, Wins-
lww, Wood, Woodruff, and Woodson.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. THOMAS stated that Mr. Grow and Mr.
Lo-vejoy were absent, attending a committee of
conference on the homestead bill.
A quorum having appeared,all further proceed-
ings in the call were, by unanimous consent, dis-
pensed with.
The Journal of yesterday was readandapproved.
vaN camp, chapin, and others.
Mr.FOUKE. Inasmuch as I have not troubled
the House during the present session, and am
ready to "proun.se not to trouble them again if they
will grant mc tins indulgence, I ask their consent
to discharge the "Committee of the Whole on the
Private Calendar from House bill No. 77Q, for the
relief of Van Camp, Chapin, and others.
The bill was read.
Mr. ASHMORE. I really cannot allow such
a bill to come before the House by unanimous
consent. I am informed that it is a claim for the
amount of from fifty thousand to one hundred
thousand dollars. 1 object.
Mr. FOUlvE. I move to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order.
Mr. FOUKE. Have I not the right to move
to suspend the rules?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has not that
right, for the reason that this day has been set
apart for the consideration of the business of the
District of Columbia as a special order, and noth-
ing* can be entertained, except by unanimous con-
sent, not in the regular order of business.
patent office report.
Mr. GURLEY. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. I am instructed by the Committee on Print-
ing to report the following resolution:
Resohcd, That th<Me be printed, in addition to the usual
number of the mechanical pait of the Patent Office report,
for 1859. five thousand copies tor the use of the Patent
Office, and twenty thousand copies fur the use of the mem-
bcis of the I-louse.
Messis. NOELL, MOORE of Alabama, and
other*, objected.
Mr. GURLEY. I present the resolution as a
privileged question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's report is a
privileged one; but not such as can override the
special order of the House, if objection is made.
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama. 1 desire to know
whether this is the number usually ordered to be
printed r
Mr. GURLEY. It is the usual number of
extra copies. I hope the gentleman will with-
diaw his objection.
Mr.- MOORE, of Alabama. I am willing to
withdraw it so far as I am concerned.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I call for the
regular order of business.
excu313 from service on committee.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of the following mo-
tion:
Mr. Taylor moved that Mr. Houston and himself be
excused from further scrvice on the Committee on 'lie
judiciary.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I move to lay
the resolution on the table; and call for tellers on
the motion.
Mr. IlICICMAN called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Kellogg
of Illinois, and Craig of Missouri, were ap-
pointed.
The SPEAKER put the question; and the tell-
ers reported forty in the affirmative.
Mr. PHELPS. I hope the gentleman from
Louisiana and the gentleman from Alabama will
withdraw their proposition. I appeal to them to
withdraw it.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I made the mo-
tion with the consent of the gentleman from
Louisiana. I stated to him that I desired to make
it, and he made no objection.
Mr. TAYLOR. 1 decline to withdraw the
motion.
Mr. ADRAIN. If there be a recount by tell-
ers, I think that the motion will be laid upon the
table.
Mr. HICKMAN. I withdraw the demand for
the yeas and nays for the present.
Mr. TAYLOR. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Kellogg] spoke to me, and I told him that
I had 110 personal feeling on the subject.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers; and appointed
Mr. Chaig of Missouri, and Mr. Kellogg of
Illinois.
The question was taken; and .the tellers re-
ported—ayes 62, noes 57.
So the motion was laid upon the table.
PATENT OFFICE ItEI'ORT.
Mr. GURLEY. I trust that I will have the
consent of the House to report, front the Com-
mittee on Printing, a resolution in reference to
the printing of the Patent Office Report.
The SPEAKER. The order of the day is the
consideration of the business of the District of
Columbia. Reports are now in order. If there
be no objection, the resolution will be received.
Several Members objected.
TERM OF SERVICE AT WEST POINT.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I hope that my
colleague, [Mr. Carter,] chairman of the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia, will yield to
mefi moment. There was an amendment to the
West Point Academy bill which was lost 111 the
conieicnce on the disagreeing vote between the
two Houses, because of the difficulty 111 reference
to the piovision granting a new regiment to Texas.
The amendment has been incorporated into a bill
by .itself, of only six lines, and I hope that it will
now bo taken up and passed. It reduces the
term of scrvice at West Point to four years. I
think that there will be no objection.
Mr. VANDEVER. I object.
BUSINESS OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. CARTER. I now call for the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. This day is set apart for the
consideration of business of the District of Co-
lumbia as a special order.
Mr. CARTER. I will say a word or two be-
fore I call up bills for action.
Mr. BRANCH. If the gentleman proposes to
make a speech, I am constrained to object.
Mr. CARTER. I will occupy but a minute
or two.
Mr. Spfcalcer, in taking up the business of the
District, it may not be amiss for me to say that
what we may put before you to-day is the result
of careful, unprejudiced consideration. No party'
feelings have, for a moment, disturbed or entered
into the deliberations of your committee. We
have sought no other than the best interests of
the District. We have met many conflicting in-
terests and conflicting opinions among the people,
for all who have applied have been heard. For
one, I can say that my only effort has been to
further such interest as I conceived to be for the
best good of the whole. It is not my intention
to occupy the time of the House by any extended
remaiks upon any bill that may be laid before
you to-day. I have no personal ambition or in-
terests to serve; and, as I conceive, the legislation
of this House cannot be advanced for the good
of the country, so long as our time is so much
taken up in words of wind. It seems .to me as
though the main strife is to carry on the .Govern-
ment through the laches of the law, instead of
carrying it on in accordance with its letter alid
spirit.
The duties which devolved upon me in the
committee, and which now devolve upon me on
this floor, are those with which I have not been
familiar. I must, therefore, crave your indul-
gence, and ask your kind cooperation in behalf
of the people of the District of Columbia.
PROSPECT HILL CEMETERY
The SPEAKER. Reports are now in order
from the Committee for the District of Columbia.
Mr. CARTER, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported back Senate bill
No. 385, to incorporate the proprietors of Prospect
Hill Cemetery; with the recommendation that it
do pass.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Patton, one of their clerks, notifying the
House that that body had passed, withoutamend-
ment, bills and joint resolutions of the House of
the following titles, namely;
A11 act (H. R. No. 89) to liquidate the unad-
justed contracts of the Tennessee river improve-
ment;
A11 act (H. R. No. 85) for the relief of E. K.
Doebler;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 34) for the relief
of John T. Robertson, of Virginia;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 32) for the relief
of Henry Woods;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 17) for the relief
of William H. De Groot;
An act (H. R. No. 627) for the-relief of the
widow and other heirs of William Higgins, de-
ceased *
An act (II. R. No. COO) for the relief of the
children and heirs of Alexander Montgomery;
An act (H. R. No. 528) for the relief of Beda
Hayes, widow of Dudley Hayes, of Granby,
Hartford county, Connecticut;
An act (H. R. No. 393) granting an invalid
pension to Nathan Randall;
An act (H. R. No. 370) for the relief of Israel
Johnson;
An act (H. R. No. 349) for the relief of Peter
Rogeison & Son, of St. John's, Newfoundland,
owners of the British brig Jessie;
An act (H. II. No. 344) for the relief of the
legal representatives of Sylvester Day, late sur-
geon in the United States Army:
An act (H. It. No. 342) for the relief of James
Pheian;
A11 act (H.R.No.340)for the relief of Charles
James Lanman;
An act (Ii. R. No. 318) for the relief of An-
drew C. Marshall;
An act (II. R. No. 314) for the relief of Emma
A. Wood, widow of the late Brevet Major George
W. F. Wood, of the United States Army;
An act (H. R. No. 313) granting a pension to
Abraham Crum;
An act (H. R. No. 277) for the relief of Web-
ster S. Steele;
An act (H. R. No. 272) granting « pension to
Adelaide Adams, widow of Commander George
Adams, United States Navy;
An act (H. R. No. 2G9) granting u pension to
Jame.< Lacy, of Grainger county, Tennessee;
An act (H. R. No. 2G6) for the relief of Brevet
Lieutenant Colonel Martin Burke, and Charles
S. Winder, of the United States Army;
A11 act (II. II. No. 262) for the relief of the
heirs or legal representatives of Francois Guil-
lory;
An act (H. R. No. 245) for the relief ofMary-
ett Van Buskirk;
An act (H. R. No. 237) foi the relief of An-
thony Scldander;
An act (H. R. No. 23G) for the relief of John
Dixon;
An act (H. R. No. 2§8) &r the relief of the
legal representatives of five'deceased clerks in the
Philadelphia eustom-house;
