THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN' C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 52, 1860.
New Series No. 53.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Let us dispose of
it now, and get it out of the way.
The. question was taken; and tlio House refused
to adjourn.
The question being on ordering the yeas and
nays on the motion to refer to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads,
The SPEAKER stated that the yeas and nays
were ordered—forty members voting therefor.
Mr. GROW. I call for tellers oil the yeas and
nays.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. GROW. Now, we want tellers on order-
ing- the yeas and nays.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is too late to ask for tellers.
The Chair has decided that question twice.
Mr. FLORENCE. The Chair recognizes that
it is not too late to call for tellers. The gentle-
man from Alabama does not occupy the Speaker's
eh air.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Chair has announced
twice that the yeas and nays were not ordered;
and it is too late now to call for tellers.
Mr. FLORENCE. Wc will take the Chair's
decision on that matter, and refer the question to
the gentleman from Alabama some other time.
[Laughter.]
Mr. HOUSTON. I refer the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to the Naval Committee. [Re-
newed laughter.]
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Barksdale
and Buffinton were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers repoited—
ayes forty-six; noes not counted.
So (more than one fifth voting in favor thereof)
the yeas and nays were ordered on the motion
to refer to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I move to lay the bill
on the table.
The SPEAKER. That motion is in order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I call for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I desire to say 
[Loud calls to order.]
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
Mr. HOUSTON. A motion to lay on the table
is not debatable. The gentleman cannot debate
his own motion.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. " I merely desire to
sav 
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to any debate.
The SPEAKER. No debate is m order.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I merely intended to
say that the object of my motion was to dispose
of a bill which does not rise to the dignity of a
decent humbug. [Loud calls to order.]
Mr. HOUSTON. Does the Chair allow the
gentleman from Pennsylvania to go on out of or-
der ?
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order. Gen-
tlemen will take their seats.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. BTJilCH. On that motion I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Keitt, and
Washborne of Illinois, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 72, noes 71.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the yeas and nays.
I wish to get through this bill to-night. I do not
care whether it be sent to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, or to a select com-
mittee.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. We have already
spent too much time in the consideration of this
unimportant bill. The House has heard enough
of discussion upon it; and the only way to dispose
of it is to lay it on the table. That will put an
end to it. [Cries of "Order !"]
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I differ with the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania. I regard it as a very
important bill; and I think it should be referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
53
The yeas and nays were ordered on the motion
to adjourn.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 71, nays 96; as follows:
YEAS—Me^rs. Green Adam5?, Adrain, Aldrieh. Thomas
L. Anderson, William C. Anderson, Barksdale, Barrett,
Botcler, Boyce, Bristow, Burch, Burnett, Campbell, Ca^e.
Clopton, John Oochumc, Convm, Cox, Cimy, John G.
Davis, DeJarneite, Ed waids, Fain* worth, Garnett,Gartrelf,
J.Moirison IJarns, Hill, Htndman, Houston, Howard, Jack-
son, Jenkins, Jones, Keitt, Kiigoic, Kunkel, Lamar, Lan-
drum, Leake, Love, Maolay, Marston, Charles D. Martin,
ElbertS.Maitin,Maynaid,McCiernand.iMcCiueen,McRac.
Miles, Mill ward, Laban T. Moore, Sydenham Moore. Mor-
till, Edward Joy Mouis, Niblack, Pcj ton,*Pryoi, Ciuaiies,
Rcag.ui, Rulfin, Singleton,William Smith. Stallworth, Stan-
ton, Stevenson, Thayer, Thomas, Vance, Walton, Webster,
and Wilson—71.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, AllCn, Alley, Ash-
more, Babbitt, Bcale, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Biayton,
Briggs, Buffinton, Builingame, Burnham, Butterfield, Ca-
rey, Cartel, John B. Claik, Cobb, Colfax, ConkJing,Cooper,
Curtis, Dawes, Duel!, Dunn, Edgerton, Eliot, Ely, Fenton,
Ferry, Florence, Foster, Fiank, Gilmer, Gooch, Grow,
Gurley, Hardeman, Hatton, lielmtek, Hoard, Humphrey,
FJutchins, livine, Junkin, Fiancis W. Kellogg, William
Kellogg, Killinger, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, Loomis, Love-
joy, McKean, McKnight. McPherson, Millson, Montgom-
ery, Moorliead, Isaac N. Morris, Moise, Nelson, Palmer,
Pendleton, Pettit, Phelps, Porter, Potter, Reynolds, Riggs
Christopher Robinson, Ilovce, Bust, Sclnvaitz, Sedgwick,
Sherman, William N. II. Smith, Spaulding, Spinner, Ste-
vens, Stokes, Stout, Stratlon, Tlicaker, Tompkins, Trim-
ble, Vallandighatn, Van W>ek, Wade, Cadwalader C.
Washburn, Eliihu B. Washburne, Isiael Washburn, Wells,
Windom, Winslow, Woodiuff, and Woodson—96.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question recurred on the motion to refer
the bill to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads; on which the yeas and nays had
been ordered.
Mr. COLFAX. I might make a statement that
would free many members of the embarrassment
they feel as to which committee it should be re-
ferred to. My own views are m favor of the
abolition of the franking privilege, as is well
known; but 
Mr. BINGHAM. I object to any debate.
Mr. COLFAX. But I "have no feeling as to
which committee it shall be sent to. If a major-
ity of the House prefer u select committee, I have
no objection, though I shall vote to refer it to the
Post Office Committee.
Mr. BURNETT. 1 rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I believe there has been some business done
since the last motion to ad journ. [Cries of "No!"
"No !"] Well, the sending of this bill to a spe-
cial committee will strangle it. [Cries of "Or-
der!"]
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 63, nays 95; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Adrain, Thomas L. Anderson, Ashmore,
Barksdale, Barr, Barrett, Boyce, Burch, Burnett, Burnham,
Clopton, Cobb, John Cochiane, Colfax, Conkling, Coopei,
Coiwm, Cuiry, De Jarnette, Farnsworth, Ferry, Garnett,
Gartiell, Hardeman, Hatton, Houston, Jackson, Jones,
Keitt, Kunkel, Landinm, Leake, Lee, Love, Maclay,
Charles D.Martin, McClernand, McPherson, McQueen,
McRac, Miles, Sydenham Moore, Isaac N. Monis, Niblack,
Pendleton, Pettit, Peyton, Phelps Pryor, Quarles, Riggs
Ruffin, Rust, Sickles, Singleton, William Smith. Stanton,
Stevenson, Thomas, Webster, Woodiuff, and Woodson
—63.
NAYS—Messrs. Chailes F. Adams, Green Adams, Allen,
Allev, William C. Anderson, Babbitt, Beale, Bingham,
Blair, Blake, Brayton, Bristow, Buffinton, Burlmgame,
Butterfield, Campbell, Caiev, Caiter, Case, John B. Claik,
John G Davis, Dawes, Ducli, Dunn, Edgerton, Edwards
Eliot, Ely, Fenton, Floiencc; Foster, Fiank, Gilmer,
Gooch, Giow, Gurley, J. Morrison Ilanis, Hill, Iloaid,
Howard, Humphrey, Hutehins, Irvine, Junkin, Fiancis W.
Kellogg, William Kellogg, Kilgorc, Killinger, DeWitt C.
Leacli, Loomis, Lovcjoy, Marston, Elbeit S. Martin, May-
nard, McKean, McKiught, Millson, Milhvard, Montgom-
prv, Laban T. Moore, Moorliead, Morrill, Edward Joy
Morris, Morse, Nelson, Palmer, Potter, Reynolds, Christo-
pher Robinson, James C. Robinson, Royce, Schwartz,
Sedgwick, Sherman, William N. H. Smith, Spaulding,
Spinner, Stevens, Stokes Stout, Stratton, Thoakcr. Tomp-
kins, Vallandigham, Vance, Van Wyek, Wade, Walton,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, Elliliu B. Wa.-hburnc, Israel
Washburn, Wells Wilson, Windom, and Winslow—9o.
So the House refused to refer the bill to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
The question recurred on Mr. Vallaxdigiiam'p
motion to refer the bill to aselectcommittee of five.
Mr. LEAKE moved that the House do, now
adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
The question was then taken on Mr. Vallav-
dipham's motion; and it was agreed to.
So the bill was referred to a selcct committee
of five. *
Mr. YALLANDIGHAM moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was so referred, and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the tabic.
The latter motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. HARRIS, of Ma-
ryland, (at ten minutes p&st four o'clock, p. m.)
the House adjourned till Monday.
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 20, 1860.
Mr. Polk appeared in his seat.
Prayer by the .Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Senators, I have been
requested by the Vice President to announce to the
Senate that, owing to indisposition, it will not be
in his power to attend the Senate to-day.
' Mr. POWELL. I move that Mr. Fttzpat-
rick act as President pro tempore of the Senate
during the absfence of the Vice President.
Mr, FITZPATRICK put the question on the
motion, and it was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore took the chair,
and called the Senate to'order.
The Journal of Thursday was read and ap-
proved. -
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate n report of the Secretary of War communi-
cating, in obedience to law, a statement of the con-
tingent expenses of the War Department for the
fiscol year ending June 30, 1859; which was or-
dered to lie on the table; and a motion of Mr.
Fjtcti to print the report was referred to the
Committee on Printing.
Pic also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of War, communicating, in obedience
to law*, a return of the militia of the United States,
and of their arms, accouterments, and ammuni-
tion, for the year 1859; which was ordered to lie
on the table; and, a motion of Mr. Fitch to print
the report was referred to the Committee on
Printing.
He also laid before the Senate a letter from the
chief clerk of the Court of Claims, communicat-
ing the papers relating to the claim of William
Hazzard Wigg; which were ordered to lie on the
table.
SANTIAGO E. ARGUELLO.
Mr. HAUN. I ask the consent of the Senate
to allow me to call up now a bill which has been
reported from the Committee on Naval Affairs, I
believe. I wish to amend it by inserting the name
of the widow. It is the claim of Santiago E.
Arguello, who is dead.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The first busi-
ness in order is the presentation of petitions and
reports of committees. It is in the province of
the Senate, however, to take up the bill. The
Chair hears no objection.
Mr. HAUN. 1 will state that this bill has
passed the Senate at two prior sessions, but did not
reach the House of Representatives in time to be
acted on. I now ask that the bill be taken up
and amended so as to give the proceeds of this
claim to the widow and children, instead of San-
tiago E. Arguello, who is dead.
Mr. IVERSON. I apprehend that the Senator
from California is not very familiar with the course
of proceeding here. He desires to have that bill
taken up and put on its passage. He does not
desire merely to present an amendment to the bill
and then let it go over, but that it shall be taken
up and acted on. The case was reportpd from
the Committee on Claims, of which I am a mem-
ber. The Senator was mistaken about the com-
mittee from which the bill came. I hope the
Senate will indulge the Senator from California
in taking up the bill. It is one in which he takes
n ^rt'atdeal of interest.
It is a case of great merit.
