1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1853
of white labor as Black Republicans; and such is
the polite prefix, used not only by the party or-
gans, but on the floor of this Chamber, and even
in the United States Senate, where dignity should
reicn. I beg to remind the Black Democracy of
the old adage, about "the pot calling the kettle
black," and to recommend its self-application.
Yet this party, which lias scarce a foothold in
any State north of Mason & Dixon, but whose
whole strength is based on and derived from slave-
ry and tlie intensest sectionalism, raise the cry
against the Republicans, and call us sectional!
Wherein do we differ from the Democratic fath-
ers—from Washington, Jefferson, Madison, and
MonroeIn no whit as regards human bondage
being an evil, and therefore to be circumscribed,
rather than (as now claimed by the new lights)
a blessing to be diffused and perpetuated. For,
say Senators Mason and Daks:
11 It is tiue, our fathers looked upon slavery as an evil.
and hoped to see it ended ; bat it they had Jived now, with
our Irdit and experience, they would change their views,
and iooK upon U as a blessing, winch ennobles both the
master and the slave.55
Mistaken sires ! how sad has been your lot, to
have lived before your posterity, who " are wiser
ill their day and generation than the children of
light!"
As part of the systematic machinery to secure
the success of this sectional party, we are every
four years treated to the same programme as a
prelude to the presidential election: office-holding j
and slave propagandism must be perpetuated, or
the Union dissolved. The same complaints and
threats against the North, because of an imputed,
but purely imaginary, desire to interfere witli the
peculiar institution, were started by Mr. Cal-
houn, seized on by his followers, and over and
over reiterated. In 1849, these startling views
were put forth in a high-sounding manifesto, to
which were affixed the signatures of forty South-
rons; among which, in addition to its author, Mr.
'Calhoun, are preeminent those of Mr. Thompson,
of the present Cabinet, and Senators Hunter and
Mason of Virginia, Jefferson Davis of Missis-
sippi, Fitzpatrick of Alabama, Sebastian and
JoHssouof Arkansas, Yblee of Florida, and Iveh-
son of Georgia, and the recent Democratic can-
didate for Speaker, Mr. Bocock. Here first ap-
peared the deliberative announcement of that I
irrepressible conflict, on account of which such ear- !
splitting clamor has latterly been directed against
theSenator from New York, [Mr. Seward,] who
probably got his phrase, if not his idea, from this
southern bulletin, which enunciated it in stronger
terms and more offensive shape than the famed
Rochester speech. The latter speaks ot ideas and
principles—the Calhoun manifesto of conflict be-
tween sections, e.g.:
'■ We address you oil tlic most important subject evprprc-
sciitod to sour consideration. We nilude to the coiiniet
between tlie two erent sections of the Union, g'owing out oi
a difference ot op'nion m reteience to the two raced bnio-
nean and African. &e. The conflict commenced not long _ ...
after the acknowledgment of our independence, and lia< , • and excttcx sectional mu.nosity, halljd
gradually increased, until it has aiiayed the great body ot . desire tor sedation. I"®
the Noit'i against the South on tin, most vtolmbKCt. I  l| call for the southern Co,,|,e^ wcrc^.atu.an.ccas
the progress of this conflict, aggression has followed ag_ies
sion, and encroachment encroachment, until thev nave
reachcd a point where a regard for peace and safety will
not permit us to lemain longer silent."
Now, what says Mr. Benton about these ima-
ginary evils and trumped-up charges against the
North r—audi cite his opinion here, because it iully
answers and confutes the siily charges of modern
Democracy:
"The manifesto contained a long list of grievances, as
formidable m number as those vviiicn had impelled the sep-
aration from Great Britain, but so frivolous and imaginary
xn substance that no one could now iepeat them without
recourse to the paper. Cut past or present encroachments
were too light and apociyplial to rou^e a nation; something
moie stiri nig was wanted; and, for that purpose, time and
imagination, the futnie and invention, were to be placed
States Far from passing any lav/ to emancipate slaves in
the States, no Congiess has over existed that lias seen a
man who would make such a motion in the House, or if
made, would not be as unanimously rejected by one ndc of
the House as the oijier; as if the unanimity would not be
the f-ame, whether the whole North went out, and let the
i South vote alone; or the whole South went out, and let
I the North alone vote. Yet this incendiaiv cry of abolish
I ing slavery in the States*has-become the staple of all sub-
! s squcnt agitators. Every little agitator now jumps upon it—
> jump* into a State the moment a tree Terutory is mentioned
j —and repeats all the alarming stuff invented by Mr. Cal-
! houn; and a* much more as his own invention can add.
• In the moan tirhc, events daily affix the brand of falsehood
! on these incendiary inventions. Slave-State Presidents are
i continually elected by fiee-State votes; the price of slaves
: themselves, instead of sinking, as it would if there was
i any real danger, is continually augmenting; and, in fact,
| hzu readied a light, the double of what it was before the
i alarming story of emancipation had begun."—2 Benton's
1 jficvj, 7i3S.
! In addition to the opinions and counsels herein
! contained, something further was intimated; and
that soon camc in the shape of a southern con-
vention to dissolve the Union, and a call from the
Legislatures of South Carolina and Mississippi
for another convention to put the machinery of
the United States South into operation. This con-
vention met in Nashville. And soon after Mis-
sissippi passed an act looking to representation in
the southern .Congress, ou the ground that the
national Congress legislated against slavery and
the constitutional rights of the slaveholding States,
ou which Mr. BeuUkt thus comments:
" Waiving the question whether these reasons, if true,
would be ^utlicient to ju-tify thu abrupt attempt to break
up the Union, an issue of fact can well be taken on their
tiuth. itwai an abortion without evidence, eontraiy to
tiic ovidt rice, arid ccmtuuy to fact. Thoic was no such
settled puipose to destroy slavery or subvert slavery in the
1 States m the majority of Congie>s, nor m a mmotitv, nor
in auv half dozen members ot Congress. It was calculated
to unread and intlamo the ignoiant, and make them fly to
disunion as the rcluge against sueU an appalling catas-
tiophe.
u But it was not a ivw declaration. It was part and
pnicei of the oriirinnl aquation of ^nveiy, commenced in
P'35, and continued ever nince. To de&trov slavery in the
states has boen th'.'design attnbuted tothenoithcin States
from that day to tins, nod i-s necessary to be kept up in
older to keep alive the siaveiy agitation in the riave State?,
ff has received its constant and autlioi itative contradiction
in the conduct oi those States at home, and m the acts o;
then Representatives! in Congie?«; yeai in and year out;
and continues to ieceive that contradiction continually;
but without having the Icact eilect upon its repetition
and iiices.sa.it i -HCiatiou. fn the moan time, there i:> a
(act visible in all tlie •• lav Siafe?, \\ h ich shows that, not-
. with-tandi'iti these tweuiv i-'petition ol tlie same
■ assertion, there is no danger to A-xv^y in any fclave State.
' Property is timid, and r-iavo pioputy above all; and tno
I market is the test of safety and danger to all property.
i Nobody gives full price lor anything that is insecure, cithei
1 In title or possesion. All property, in dangei from eitner
1 cau-ie. sinks m price when biought to that infallible test.
! Now, how is it with slave property; tried by this unerring
; standard? Has it been sinking m price since tUc year
i ^33-3 j,mce the j em ol the fn-'t alarm uianitesto in bouth
, Carolina, and thofiu't of Mi. CalhounV twenty yeais'aiarm
! ppeeches in the Senate? On the contiary, the price has
! been constantly lising the whole time; and is still usms,
1 although it has attained a height incredible to have been
|1 predicted twentv years ago.
" But although th" slavery alarm doe< not a?t on prop-
'' eitv. vet it acts on the feelings and p ission^ of the people,
• ■3 • -- : hatred for the Union, and
;ion, and the
   occasions to j
call out these feelings ■'and molt copiouJy did thpy flow "
| Now, is not this an exact counterpart to all the
1 allegations and clamors, the threats and plots of
; the present day? Yet, after the style of the old
j fable, our southern brethren having thusdisturbed
! and muddied the pellucid stream of our nation's
i history, ten years agone, now come down to
1 where we are calmly drinking and threatci^our
I throats while imbibing that perturbed vvitcr w inch
j flowed past them to us. And since the absurd and
j puerile farce of Helper';
i threaten they will never
plowshare ana cause " to bring forth seed to the
sower and bread to the eater," and thus add to.
the material wealth and prosperity of the country.
On the final passage of this benoficent measure,
on March 12, 1860, the vote was:
Yeas. Nays.
Republicans    86 none.
Democrats  22 49
South Americans  1 17
Anti-Lecoinpton Democrats   6 none.
115 65
The Republican party voting unanimously for
it, the Democrats more than two to one against it;
one only of their twenty-two yeas being from a
slave State, while with that and one other ex-
ception, [Mr. Etheridge, of Tennessee,] the
whole South voted nay; because they knew it in-
ured to the benefit of free labor rather than slave,
which is contrary to their settled policy.
Again, on the same day, an effort was made to
suspend the rules, in order to introduce the tariff
bill, which required a two-thirds vote. That vote
resulted as follows;
Yeas. Nays.
Republicans    j-
Democrats.      3 65
Anti-L ecompton Democrats  5 none.
Bouth Americans  12 3
105 69
Because this modern Democracy voted twenty
to one against introducing the tariff, it was thrown
out; while the only voteamongRepubhcansagainst
it was that of the worthy gentleman from New
York, [General Spinner,] an old free trade Dem-
ocrat, reared in the true Democratic faith, where
they do not look one way and row the othur;
and who, being unable to overcome the prejudices
of early training, (though sound and true in all
other respects,) stands here the one exception,
which always strengthens the general rule.
Next comes the vote, on the 5th instant, on
the bill to suppress polygamy in the Territories.
And here one would have supposed that even the
Democracy of the present day would have been
glad of the opportunity to leave slavery out of
view, and unite with the Republicans as patriots,
statesmen, and Christians, in a well-directed ef-
fort to suppress bestiality, eradicate an alarming
malignant disease from the body politic, stamp
with condemnation a heinoua crime, and <vipe
out this foul blot from our national escutcheon.
Mark how the hopes and prayers of all Christen-
dom were redeemed. On the passage of the bill,
the vote stood:
yeas. Nays.
Republicans one.
Democrats  ®
South Americans  J
Anti-Lecompton Democrats  o *
154 60
in requisition. The abolition of slavery in the State;
emancipation of the slaves all over the South; the conflict
between the white and black races; the whites the slaves
of tlie blacks, such were the future teirors and honors to
be visited upon the slave States if not arrested by an instant
and adequate remedy.55—^ Benton's Thirty Years 11cir,
734.
"Nowthis certain emancipation of slave* in the Ptatos
was a pure and simple invention ol Mr. Calhoun, not onlj j
without evidence, but against evidence; contiadieteu ny j
every speeies of Human action, negative and positive, ue- j
fore and since. Fai from attacking slavery m the btate=,
the free States have cooperated to extend the area ot sla-
ver/ in such States ; witness the continued extinctions Ot
Indian title, which have >.0 largely increased the available
capacity of the slave Stares. So far from makingwar upon
felave States, soveial such States have been added to the
Union, as Texas and Florida, by the cooperation of free
puerile farce of Helper's book is played out, they
threaten they will never submit to the inauguia-
tion of a Republican President. Sir, it this threat
had substance and being, and the right of the ma-
jority to rule were denied, then have we no longer
a Republic—no longer a Union.
But to demonstrate still further that^ modern
Democracy is entirely sectional, looking only
South, and sacrificing the rights and interests of
the white man and of free laoor to tne demands
of the slave power, I ask attention to the follow-
in0' votes, in the present Congress, on great ques-
tions where the rights and happiness of freemen
were closely involved. First oil lho
bill, which was to open up the great West to the
freeman, who could settle on and cultivate afaim,
which by reason thereof should be to him a home
forever; the compensation to Government being
that the wilderness would be broken up by the
How could modern Democracy, under the con-
trol of the slavery propaganda, vote to condemn
polygamy, which the Republican platform hcid
denounced side by side with siavery cis the " twin
relics of barbarism!" And if, as some of them
said in debate, you condemned and ostracized one
twm, what was to become of tne other, which
must possess the necessary attribute of twmhood,
namely, resemblance? Well might Parson Brown-
low say " he was curious to see the names of those
sixty gentlemen of easy virtue who voted no."
Lastly, regard the vote 011 the admission of
Kansas into the Union, taken on the 11th instant:
Republicans 
Democrats..... 
South Amciicans 
Anu-Lecoinpton Democrats.
Yeas.
...103
.. 22
.. 3
.. 6
134
Nayf'
none.
56
17
none.
Here was outraged and bleeding Kansas, so
Ion" the sport and foot-ball of politicians, which
half been knocking at the door of the Union for
four years, and had been persistently and con-
temotuously refused admission into the famuy
circic of sister States, but thrust away as an out-
cost, and taunted as a drab. And now, when she
ao-ain presents herself, in the comely garb of free-
dom, decked with the ornaments of purity of the
ballot, and popular sovereignty—=tnat charmed
phrase—with her Wyandotte constitution,against
the legality of which no objection is urged, mod.
