1854
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 24,
era Democracy voted more than two to one to
again exclude her, and again heap wrong and in-
sult upon her. This, too, just before a presiden-
tial election, although they had grown hoarse 111
■charging that the Republicans did not want to ad-
mit Kansas, but wisned to keep her bleeding for
partisan purposes, Wc have done our part to-
wards removing this vexed question from pol-
itics; and now, if the Democratic majority in the
United States Senate shall strike hands with us
in the passage of this measure, another root of bit-
terness will beat once removed.
This being the posture of that once powerful,
national, but now sectional Democracy, with re-
gard to these great questions, so vital to our well-
being as a nation, let us ask what arc the princi-
Eles and measures full high advanced on their
anners,in dark and ominous characters, in addi-
tion to free trade and polygamy in the Terri-
tories? They claim that Congress lias no power
to forbid an evil or crime in the Territories, though
they are the lands of the United States, and Con-
gress is the only law-making power thereof. As .
well deny to the farmer the right to lay down reg-
ulations for his farm, and to forbid thereon ill-
behaved hands, or a particular breed of cattle.
This doctrine of "no power" in Congress to pro-
hibit slavery was scouted by the early fathers and
statesmen of all parties; and it is now well known
that President Monroe took the opinion on this
question of all his Cabinet, in 1820; and that Cab-
inet, of which Mr. Calhoun was a member, unani-
mously decided that Congress had the power to ex-
clude slavery. Net until 1838 did that gentleman
change front, have a new vision, and lay down
the new dogma of no power, which was at once
caught up by his followers, and now, like the
small-pox, infects the whole body of Democracy.
On this a new heresy is now being ingrafted,
namely, that the Constitution, of its own strength,
(exproprio vigore,) protects slavery in all the Terri-
tories of the United Suites; of which startling
doctrine, Mr. Benton—than whom there was no
abler, sounder, nor purer Democrat, nor one more
learned in the Constitution, history, theory, and
practice of thi Government—thus speaks: j
a A new dogma was invented to fit tlic ca*t\ that of the !
transmigration of the Onu*titution—the slavery part of it i
—into the Territories, overriding and oveiniiin^'aSJ llicantt- !
slavery laws which it found tilers, and planting the insti-
tution theio under it* own wing, and it beyond
the power of eiadicaUon, cithei by Congress or the pooplo
of the Territory. Before Uii* doi 'na was proclaimed, ef-
fort s wore made to get the Constitution extended to those
Territories by act of Congress. Fatlmjy in attempt«,
the difficulty was leaped over by boldly a^tunin^ that the
Constitution went of itself—ih.u" n to say, the f-lawiy put
of it. In tlm ''tu'cneyMi. Calhoun came out v.*it!) his new !
and supiem-j dotima of the nan'mi^.ifoiy function oftho '
Constitution in the ipso facto, and the instantaneous tranv- ■
portntioa of itself in its .slavery attributes into all acquired
Tointoiies !
" llistoiy cannot class higher than as a vaciry of a dis- !
eased imagination, this impured rell-actm^ and self-exten-
sion of the Con-tituuon. The Con^aiutio.i doe-, nothing i
of itseP', not even in the fitafoa for which it was made"' !
Every pail 'jfit lectures a law to put it into op"iat'on. No '
p:ut oi it can teach a Temtoiy, udlcs«: imparted to it by act :
of Congress. Slavny. n* a hval institution, can only be :
established by a locai legislative antiiontv. ft cannot ria is- '
migrate—cannot cany along Witli it the law which pto- !
tecis it; and if it could, what law would it carry? The ;
code of the Stale fiom which the emigrant went ? Then !
there would be as many Mavery codes m t!ie Termor* as
States funuhlun? emisfrants, and these codes all varying i
mo;<: oi less ; and some ot tlicm in the essential nanue of ;
the property—the slave, m many States be*ng only a chat- :
tel interest, governed by the laws applicable to chattels; m !
others, as in Louisiana and Kentucky, a real estate inter- ,
est, govomed by the law? which apply to landed propmy. •
in a woid. the.; dosmi of the self-extension of tins -.lavery ;
part of the Constitution to .i Toiutoiy, h impracticable and 1
preposterous, <uui as novel as unfounded."'—i Benton's '
Vie-t<} pp 7JU, 714. j
Yet this miserable dogma is, and must be, the i
doctrine of the new Democratic church; and will
either constitute a plank in the Charleston plat- j
form—possibly at this moment being fitted in—or,
if not, it will be because the managers do not wish ;
to alarm the northern wing before the presidential :
contest is decided, in which case they will palter \
to us in the double sense, as in the Cincinnati '
platform. Turn your eyes for a moment to that !
gatheiing of the clans at Charleston, and see the 1
scrambling and bids for the nomination, among ,
Democratic aspirants who will not object to have !
greatness thrust.upon them, and to square their i
opinions accordingly. How tho Democratic War- !
wicks will set up ono and pull down another. <
making and marring, until the supple one shall be :
found to be molded at \yill, like clay in the hands -
of the potter, and finally merged into the platform.
The scene may well remind us of the description
of, an old raree show, where the conjurer blows
his horn, and shouts in loudest voice: Walk up,
walk up, gentlemen, and see the greatest wonder
that the world ever wondered at—the three broth-
ers, I-Iaii, Muley, and Hassan. Hall will take
a lighted candle, and jump down his brother
Muley's throat; Muley will, in his turn, take an-
other lighted candle, and jump down his brother
Hassan's throat; while Hassan, though incum-
bered by the weight of his two brothers, Hull and
Muley, will take a third lighted candle, turn a.
flip-flap, and jump down his own throat, leaving
the spectators completely in the dark."
And such, I fear, will be the fate of the Demo-
cratic spectators of the Charleston convention.
They will be in the dark until they get the cue,
and their candidate and platform will be alike—the
very thing; and light will begin to dawn. An-
other doctrine dear to many of that party, though
few arc bold enough to avow it openly, like the
gdtitlcman from Mississippi, [Governor McRae,]
is that of reopening the African slave trade, with
all its crimcs, cruelties, and horrors. True, many
of those interrogated here have said they arc not
in favor of opening it now; but I have failed to
hear them clearly define that little word " now,"
in this connection. Docs it mean until after next
election, and the propagandist's shall,as they hope,
have a new lease of power? I so believe, and here
predict, that such will be found to be its meaning.
And why not? If the new evangel be true, that
slavery is a blessing to both master and slave, and
that this is the bestway to christianize Africa, by
bringing her benighted children to our missiona-
ries, instead of sending the missionaries to them,
then the legitimate and righteous inference must
be, that the slave trade should be reopened. For
my single self, I may be permitted to say that I
cannot understand how this new system can well
work pntil 1 first sec some plan for restoring the
imported and christianized Africans to those
shores
"Where Africa funny fountains
Roll down their golden '•ands"—
which, in view of the present hostility there to the
Colonization Society, can hardly be hoped. With
tho system of slavery in the slave States, we have
neither the right nor desire to interfere. You of
the South have the right to manage that among
yourselves in your own way, without interference
from abroad. If there existed a calmer and better
state of feeling between the sections of this Union,
which ought to be harmonious and fraternal, in-
stead of realizing the description,
Land.-, intersected by a rmirow fl'ltb,
Abhor c.ich other ; and mountains
Make enemies of nations,"
we would cheerfully counsel with you as to ame-
liorating the condition of those having immortal
souls, a.«d advancing them in the scale of being;
but in the present state of mistrust we refrain, and
merely tandev our interest and sympathy in all
well-directed efforts in that direction, while we
condemn and deprecate every movement which
looks to a violent and bloody solution of the great
problem. Yet, with these convictions and views,
we sat here for two months, subjected to studied
misrepresentation and abuse; southern members,
with hollow professions of attachment to the
Union, making bitter speeches, reproachful and
calumnious toward the majority of their country-
men, calculated to stir up the worst feelings, and
create estrangement leading to that dissolution
which others more treasonably avowed, and all
on the miserable pretext that some gentleman in
this nominally free country had seen fit to recom-
mend a bo«k. Suiely the familiar lines should
henceforth read; Oh that mine enemy had rccont-
mended a book. This, however, has bc.comc part
ofthe usual presidential programme; and frequent
repetition has detracted from its novelty and in-
terest.
But while we say "hands off!" as regards
the local regulation ef your own institutions, we :
should feel recreant to humanity, to civilization,
to the enlightened spirit of the age, if we did not
condemn and contest these new dogmas of the
Calhoun or modern Democracy; if we did not
seek to retain and secure to freedom and free labor
that vast expanse of territory which now attracts
the husbandman and tho vine-dresser. The mis-
sion of the Republican party is to secure for this
immense area the multiplied blessings of freedom,
always anticipated and desired by the early fathers
of the Republic, and advocated m glowing terms,
in these latter days, by Webster, Benton, and
Clay; the last of whom said, but ten years ago:
" Coming, as I do, from a slave State, it Is my solemn,
delibeiate, and well-matured determination that no power
—no earthly power—'Shall compcl me to vote for the positive
introduction ot that line (that is, Missouri line, 36° 30') into
new territory.
"Sir, while you rcproach, and justly, too, otir British
ancestors lor the introduction of this institution upon the
continent of America, I am, for one, unwilling that tho
posterity of tho present inhabitants of California and New
Mexico shallieproach us for doing just what we reproached
Great Sritain for doing to us."
These arc words fitly spoken, and should have
weight with all. I trust that Republicans will
not long be subject to the reproach conveyed in
the remark made by a celebrated Englishman,
Mr. Cobden, who recently visited our shores, and
listened to the debates in our Halls of Congress,
to this effect:
"That the Republicans advocated the most noble and
admirable sentiments timidly; while modern Democracy
put .forward tho most shametut and levolting dogmas with
peivcrted intellect and front ot brass."
If free thought and free speech shall be sup-
pressed in the national Capitol, and the mighty
West, instead of being: the abode of freemen, and
echoing the blows and songs of free labor, shall
be covered with the dark pall of human bondage,
then indeed will the sun of our civilization have
gone back on the dial. Then, in the words ofthe
gifted Wirt:
" Instead of b^ing proud of our country, as heretofore,
wc mnv well call on the rock* and mountains to fall upon
us and hide our shame from the face of earth and heaven."
Mr. TOMPKINS. The charge is frequently
made that nothing but slavery occupies the at
tention of the national Legislature. That this
charge is true to a great extent, that this subject
is constantly kept before the country, and that
there is constant excitement about it, is not the
fault of the Republican party. In the first hour
of the present session of Congress, it was thrust
upon the House by a member of the slavery
party: for two months a discussion was con-
tinued upon that subject, and almost exclusively
by that party—a discussion unparalleled in point
of violence and virulence in the history of par-
liamentary debate. Charges the most aggra-
vated were unscrupulously and shamelessly made
against the best and purest men of the coun-
try, and honorable members on this floor. Cal-
umny and vituperation held high carnival in the
legislative halls of this great nation. The col-
umns of the Daily Globe teemed with fierce and
fiery denunciations of all who would not bow to
the behests of pro-slavery power. Depraved, cor-
rupt, and polluted presses exerted themselves to
tho utmost in the work of slander and detraction:
hireling scribblersforworse than hireling presses,
glutted themselves and made their meals on good
men's names. These spacious galleries were filled
with disloyal men, ready to applaud to the echo
every threat uttered against the Government, and
every disloyal sentiment heard from this floor.
If the Republicans here shall feel it to be their
duty to discuss this subject now; to lay bare its
weakness and its wickedness; to expose the mad-
ness and the folly of those who sustain, support,
and cherish it; if the great interests of the coun-
try have to be neglected for a time; if ordinary
legislation must be put aside; no complaint can
be made against the Republican party. That
party, its principles, its men, and its measures,
have been misrepresented and most unjustly as-
sailed. It is our privilege, it is our duty, to repel
those assaults that the world may know that when
the advanced guard of freedom is attacked " our
feet shall be always in the arena, and our shields
shall hang always in the lists." I intend to re-
view this question for the time allowed me. I
hope to do so with fairness and candor, and not
with the passion and excitement that have char-
acterized many speeches made this session by
pro-slavery members. I shall endeavor to show
that the fathers of this Republic, both ofthe North
and South, were more thoroughly anti-slavery
than any political party now in the country; and
that for more than forty years after its organiza-
tion, a large majority of our prominent men were
strorgly opposed to the extension of that 41patri-
archal institution."
The debates in the Federal convention show
