412
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 7,
36tii Cong...'.1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Blair.
Ho. of Reps.
provemcnt of the soil, that such proprietors should be re-
lieved from thia disability," &c., " Be it enacted," &c.
The system, thus begun, was continued by va-
rious subsequent acts, looking to its perfection.
And because, in the language of that of ]st Au-
fust, 1849, it was "desirable that the works of
faiimge should continue to be encouraged, in
order to promote the increased productiveness of
land," it was provided that loans should be made
from the treasury to accomplish the purpose.
Now, sir, let us see how our agriculturists, who
get their hopes on the English market for the sale
of their produce, are affected and will continue to
be affected by this reform alone. Prom u table
presented to the Society of Arts, by Mr. Denton,
in December, 1855, and published in 1858, in the
fifth volume of Took's History, it appears that
of the 56,362,000 acres of land in Great Britain,
43,957,000 acres are cultivated and cultivable land;
and of this area, there arc 22,890,000 acres wet
land, requiring drainage. And from the returns
then received oftht opcration of the drainagelaws,
there had been drained 1,365,000 acres, leaving
21,525,000 acres yet undrained—nearly one half
of the cultivable land of the kingdom. These
returns further show, that in some instances there
has been an increased yield of one fourth over that
of the same land before drainage, and in no in-
stance did it fall below four bushels to the acre.
Thus, if you take the lowest increase on any one
acre as the standard, the yield of their agriculture
would be increased 8G,000,000 buslielspcr annum;
and if we regard other improvements in cultiva-
tion adopted by the British farmers of all classes,
and the increased productions of Ireland from the
Same causes, can there be a doubt of their capa-
city to supply a far greater population than is
there at present, and of the ultimate success in
these endeavors to accomplish it?
I believe that these facts sufficiently show that
Great Britain, instead of -suffering from over-pop-
ulation, will yet demonstrate, by a judicious in-
vestment of capital in agriculture, that she can
afford the means of subsistence to twice her pop-
ulation. Is it not, then, sir, the part of wisdom
in our farmers to cncourage whatever has a tend-
ency to build up a home maiket for their pro-
ductions, and lessen their dependence on a foreign
market, which at best is fluctuating and uncertain,
and from which, by every indication, they will
ultimately be excluded ? If it were even other-
wise, however, it is not well that we should con-
tinue to send our raw produce to the workshops
of foreigners, burdened with charges for freights
and commissions, to be worked up into bars of
iron or webs of cloth, when thousands at home
are anxious to do the work. I observed in the
market quotations, some time ago, the price of
corn in a western town, at forty cents per bushel,
and in the same paper the price atLiverpoo! was
quoted at one dollar per bushel. The producer
must then pay sixty bushels out of every hundred
to get that corn to "this foreign market to be ex-
changed for goods to be imported home. If he
wants a ton of railroad iron, and had his corn in
Liverpool, he would give, say forty bushels for
it, at forty dollars per ton; but, to do this, he
must send one hundred bushels, to be tolled by
freights, commissions, and other charges, which
every producer who is obliged to send his prod-
uce to a commission merchant for sale fully un-
derstands, as he complains of the meager balance
on the account of sales rendered. If we made
these articles, and all others which we have the
means of making, but do not make, the home
market for agricultural produce would be just as
good as the foreign, and a ton of iron, even at a
price twelve or fifteen dollars higher than the for-
eign iron, would still be the cheaper article of the
two.
The advantages of having our manufactures at
home, instead of abroad, are just as palpable and
appreciable as are the advantages of the farmer,
who can go to his market town frequently during
the day, and return, over one who lives so far
away that he must spend a day in traveling to the
same place. It is a marvel that an intelligent
people will tamely submit to such exacting de-
mands upon their industry. But, sir, we send
something more than our products in exchange
for these goods. After exporting our raw mate-
rials, the product of the land, the forest, and the
sea, and what little manufactured goods other
people buy from us, we have been obliged to send
out, in the last ten years, about four hundred mil-
lion dollars, in gold and silver, over our imports
of the same metals. And what should occasion
the gravest anxiety, this outflow of specie is still
going on beyond all former example, so that, un-
less there is some effectual relief, such as this bill
will assuredly afford, it is not difficult to perceive
the approach of another revulsion, more calami-
tous than that of 1857.
It has been urged, however, that if each nation
manufactured everything for the supply of its own
wants, we would lose our commerce, with all its
civilizing influences. Now, Mr. Chairman, is it
possible to point out a country on the face of the
earth, where protection has been adopted as a
system, whose commerce has not, at the same
time, flourished? On the contrary, sir, experience
justifies the assertion that the commerce of na-
tions who have protected their labor—including
our own country during the two protective tariff's
of 1828 and 1842—has prospered, and those na-
tions who have exchanged their raw materials
for the manufactured goods of others have but a
limited commerce, or none at all. The protected
nation is rich, because the people are employed,
and can therefore buy; while the nation whose
laborers are idle is poor, and cannot buy from
others If it were possible that the people of
every nation were fully employed, so that they
made every talent to grow which the bounty of
Providence intrusted to them, commerce—true,
legitimate commerce—would whiten every sea.
Variety is the order of God's providence. He
has made no two men alike, either in physical or
mental endowments; and the same diversity is
found amongst nations. The countries in which
theyare allotted differ in soil, climate, and adapta-
tion to particular pursuits; and as long as this
diversity in both nations and countries exists,
there will be variety in the productions of their
labor, and one which has not will buy what the
other has to sell; and thus there will always be a
demand for ships and sailors.
The gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Moore,]
in his argument against specific duties, as being
the protective feature of this bill, invoked us to
follow the examples of England and France, in
abandoning, as he supposed, the antiquated no-
tions of protection, by throwing open their ports
to the unrestricted commerce of the woild. "All
honor," said he, " to the rulers of these two an-
cient and renowned kingdoms, for the boldness
with which they have taken their stand on the
side of free trade." Sir, it is true, that, in many
instances, these nations have abandoned, and in
many others have reduced, their duties on foreign
imports; but I deny that they have ever aban-
doned protection.
The agitation of free trade began in England by
some reductions of duties on silks, under the lead
of Mr. Huskisson, but was carried on chiefly in
the controversy relative to the modification ot the
corn laws, which has terminated in their final re-
peal. That, sir, was a measure of the merchants
and manufacturers, designed to advance the pros-
perity of manufactures and trade. Its professed
object was to furnish cheap food, as a means of
enabling them to maintain a competition with the
manufacturers of other nations destructive of their
interests. I cannot present the real issue of that
famous controversy better than by one or two ex-
tracts from the arguments of those who are called
freetraders. Colonel T. Wood, a member of Par-
liament, suppoited the measure, and said:
"It would contribute to tlio geneial prosperity of the
country, bur was absolutely necessary to the preservation of
the manufacturing interest."
Again, he says:
ci Tn certain districts of the country theie superabund-
ance of population, and no employment tor thein ; and
unless they could increase the manufacturing prosperity of
the country, what chance had tiiey for employment? ilia
impression whs that the supply ot food was not adequate
to the demand, and supplies should be realized from
abroad.''
Another advocate of free trade, Sir W. Clay,
remarked:
tl Adopt, the more widely the principles of free trade, and
affoid to our manufacturers the means of competing wit!)
others. AH the great branches of manufactures expoited a
considerable portion of their produce; that portion could
only bear such a pace as would enable it to compete, with
the goods of our rivals, and the price of the portion expoited
absolutely governed the price oj the home maiket. If tl was
absolutely inevitable that wages should fall, m order that
the manufactuiers might meet their foreign rivals, bowwow
the necessity to be met but by a decrease in the price of
provisions I"
It is needless to multiply proofs of the purpose
of this measure. But the movement, I am aware,
has not stopped with the repeal of the corn laws.
It has been pushed much further, and the duties
on many articles formerly highly protected have
been abandoned, but in jio case were they aban-
doned when they were any longer useful for protec-
tion. When they had served their purpose in
maturing the manufactures to such a degree 01
strength that they could stand alone, they were
removed. The article of iron was protected by
the most prohibitory duties, until there was not
only a full .supply for home consumption, but for
large exports. No one would have thought ot
exporting iron to England, any more than 14 coals
to Newcastle." It is true that many years ago
they removed the duty on charcoal iron; but the
reason was, that charcoal iron having ceased to
be manufactured in England, in consequence of
the disappearance of that fuel, they desired to ob-
tain their supply from Sweden, as that sort waa
needed by the English steel manufacturers.
By the tariff of 1858, the duty has been entirely
removed from iron, and, so far as protection was
concerned, it might have been removed sooner;
but as long as it stood it was supposed to be in
I the way of the arguments addressed to other na-
tions in favor of the removal of their duties; and
this was the policy which governed them in re-
moving the duties from many other articles on
which protection was useless. This is most obvi-
ously confessed in a letter written by Mr. Glad-
stone, in the early part of 1836, when it was
ascertained that a conference was to be held at
Paris for the negotiation of peace. A memorial
was addressed to the foreign secretary by the
manufacturers of Sheffield, urging him to exert
his influence as a diplomatist to obtain an aban-
donment of protective duties by the European
nations. Mr. Gladstone was consulted by those
interested, and replied that he sympathized with
them in their desire for what he calls commercial
freedom, and proceeds as follows:
" Between 1B41 and 1845,1 held the office in the Board
of Trade ; and this was the peuod during which England
wad most actively engaged in the endeavor to neonate,
with the piincipal States'of the civilized world, treaties for
the reciptocal reduction of duties on imports. The task
was plied on our side with sufficient zeal, but in every case
we failed. I am sorry to add iny opinion, that we did more
than fail. Its tendency was to lead countucs to regard
with jealousy and suspicion, as boons to foreigners, altera-
tions in their laws." * * -v * "England, Jhid-
ing that she could make wo progress in this direction, took her
own course, struck rapid and decisive blows at the system
of protection, and reduced, as far a-> the exigencies of the
public seivice would penmt, the very high duties, which
in many cases she maintained simply for the puiposeof
revenue, upon aitides that had no domestic pioduce to conv-
pete aith. While oui leasormiir? had done nothing,or less
than nothing, our example effected something, and com-
mercial li eedom has made some progress in other countries
smcc 1846."
Sir, there was not a duty removed on an article
of any consequence of the manufactures of Great
Britain since the beginning of her reform, protect-
ive in its character, that was not perfectly useless
for that purpose. The example of this vaunted
reform was in fact nothing but the reduction of
high revenue duties on articles that did not enter
into competition with her own produce. Was it
a decisive blow at the protection of her iron man-
ufactures to remove duties on that article, when
she can make it and undersell all other countries
in their own markets?
Sir, 1 commend the country to that system of
free tiade which first protects, and continues to
protect, by duties which are removed only when
they are no longer needed either for revenue or
protection.
It is the weak, and not the strong, that need
protection. The infant, in the order of nature,
needs the constantguardianshipof the nurse; but,
by degrees, as years increase, it is relaxed, and
he is left in the battle of life still more and more
to rely on his own strength, until, when manhood
comes, with its rough-textured nerves, stout heart,
and high hope, he bccomes "perfectly free" and
self-reliant. We do not desire a tithe of the en-
couragement which England has rendered her
iron works; we can reach independence in a much
