1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1855
that the Constitution was framed, adopted, and_
ratified by anti-slavery men; "that they regarded
it as an evil, yet were ashamed to acknowledge
its existence in words, thus virtually refusing to
recogniz© property in man. Resolutions, ad-
dresses, and speeches, now tp be found, establish
this very important fact, as I will show by quo-
tations from them. At a general mectingin Prince
George county, Virginia, it was
" Resolved, That tiie African slave trade is injurious to
this colony; obstructs the population of it by ficc men, and
prevent.-* mahufacturuis, hum Euiope from settling among
At a meeting in Culpeper county, Virginia, it
was
« Rrtnlvcd, That the importation of slaves ob#ructs the
population with ficc white men and useful manufactur-
ers."
At a meeting in Nansemond county, Virginia,
it was
"Resolved, That the Afuean slave trade is injurious to
this colony ; obstruct? tne population by free men, and pie-
vents manufacture!* from settling amongst Ui."
Resolutions to the same cffect were adopted in
Surry county, and Caroline county: and at a meet-
ing in Fairfax county,over which George Wash-
ington presided, resolutions of like import were
adopted. At a very full meeting of delegates from
the different counties of the Colony and Domin-
ion of Virginia, at Williamsburg, 011 the 1st day
of August, 1774, it was
" Resolved, That the abolition of domestic slavery is the
greatest object of desire in thcbe colonics, where it was
improperly introduced m their infant state."
This is the language of the good and wise men
of the Old Dominion in 1774; "the abolition of
domestic slavery was the greatest object of their
desire." Not merely to limit it, to prevent its
extension, but wholly to overthrow it. What
would be said if a body of men equally wise,
good, and. patriotic, should note meet in the Old
Dominion and attempt to pass such resolutions 1
They would be scourged, driven by violence from J
the 'State, and might be considered fortunate j
should they escape with their lives. At a meet- j
ing in Newborn, North Carolina, August, 1774, |
numerously attended by the most distinguished j
men uf that region, it was resolved that they j
would not import any slave or slaves, or purchase i
any slave or slaves imported or brought into that ^
province by others from any part of the world.
Such was the sentiment of North Carolina m j
1774, as to the evil and great wrong of slavery. •
The continental Congress, in October, 1774, (
resolved that they would neither import, nor pur- j
chase any slave imported, after December of the i
same year; they agreed and resolved that they ;
would have no "trode, commerce, dealings, or in- |
tercourse whatsoever, with any colony or prov- j
ince in North America which should not accede 1
to, or should violate this resolve, but would^hold :
them as unworthy the rights of freemen and inim- 1
ical to the liberties of this country. ^ ;
But what is now the attitude of slaveholdersr j
They will hold no intercourse, they will have no ;
dealings, with any person or State that does not i
approve of slavery and yield to its intolerant and ,
despotic demands; if any man, not thus approv- I
ing and yielding, chances to travel through the |
slave States, and there to express his sentiments, :
he is subjected to the degradation and cruelty of
the lash, and is driven from the State.
Octobei 21, 1774i the continental Congress, 111
an address to the people of Great Britain, said:
" When a naiion, led to greatness by the hand of liberty,
and pos^Gfer-od of all the glory that lii'ioism, munificence,
and humanity can bestow, descends to the ungiateful task
of losing chains lor her hiends and children, and, instead
of giviiijj -support to A^erioin, turns advocate for slavery
andoppi'e^sion. tlieto is rea-.on to ;• aspect that >helios either
ceased to In* vatuou*. o> is extremely negligent 111 the ap-
pointment of her iuteis.,J
Is not this the situation and condition of this
country now? Is not a great party now engaged
in the ungrateful task of forging chains for a large
portion of the people of this country r Instead
of supporting freedom, docs it not advocate sla-
very and oppression? Have we not reason to
suspect that too many of our countrymen have
ceased to be virtuous?
By the Darien committee, Georgia, January,
1775, it was declared:
of tlie unnatural practicc of slavery in America—a prac-
tice founded in injustice and cruelty, and highly dangerous
to our libeitics.51
I cannot quote at greater length from the pro-
ceedings of this committee. Their philanthropy
was without regard to complexion; they abhorred
slavery as based 011 injustice and cruelty; and
more, as dangerous to our liberties. If it were
founded in injustice and cruGlty in 1775, it is the
same in 1860. It was dangerous to liberty then;
no man note apprehends any danger to liberty
unless from the same source. It is daily threat-
ened by men who are interested in slavery. Lib-
erty cannot be very secure where four million
human beings are held in hopeless bondage—
where human blood, bone, muscle, and, I might
almost say, immortal souls, are articles of mer-
chandise.
The historical quotations I have made bring me
to the Revolution. I will cite the opinions of some
of the great actors in that great drama. George
Washington said, in his will:
Upon the decease of my wife, !t is my desire that the
slaves whom I hold in my own right, should receive their
freedom."
Again, he said:
" I never mean, unless pome particular circumstance
should compel mc, to possess another slave by purchase,
it being my first wish to sec some plan adopted by which
&lavei> in this country may be abolished by law.5'
La Fayette, while in the prison of Magdeburg,
said:
" I know not what disposition ha<* been made of my plan-
tation at Cayenne; but 1 hope Madame de La Fayette will
take care that the negroes who cultivate it shall preserve
their liberties."
Washington wrote to Robert Morris:
" It will not be conceived, fiom these observations, that
it is mv wish to hold the*e unhappy people (negroes) in ?!a
ver>. "lean osilv say that there is not a man living who
wishes more sincerely than I do to see a plan adopted for
the abolition ot it."
Again, he writes to La Fayette:
" The benevolence of your heart, my dear marquis, is so
conspicuous on all occasions, that 1 never wonder at any
fresh proof of it; but your late pmehase of an estate m the
colony or'Cayenne, with a view ot emancipating the slaves
on it," is a gencious and noble proof of your humanity.
Would to God a like spirit im?ht diffuse itselt generally
into the people of this countiy i"
Washington hoped for some plan by which
slavery might bo, legally abolished. Washington
lauded the humanity of La Fayette in purchasing
an estate for the purpose of emancipating the ne-
groes. I will leavo.it to gentlemen on the other
side to draw the comparison between the chivalry
of the South then and now; between the licentious
assumption of thought and utterance permitted
then, and the course of conviction and conversion
esteemed necessary and equitable now, towards
; hapless offenders in the footsteps of predecessors
! so illustrious.
J Patrick Henry said:
| <.siaveiy is detested; we feel its fatal effects; we dc-
| ntorc it witli ail the pity of humanity. I repeat again, that
it wouln rejoice my very *oul that every one oi my leilmv
bciusi's wcie emancipated. We ought to lament and de-
plore the necessity of holding our leliow-men m bondage."
Charles Pmckney, Governor of South Carolina,
said:
<• I raubt «ay that 1 lament the decision of your Legisla-
ture upon the question of the importation ol slaves alter
Maich, 1793. 1 was 111 hope* that motives of policy, a3 well
as other good ieasons, supported by the dnelul eliects ot
slavery which at this moment aie pre.-ented, would have
operated to pioducc a total pioiubition of the importation 01
s-laves, whenevci the (ju^iioii came to be agitated in any
State that might be interested in the measure."
Such were the sentiments of the most enlight-
ened, the most virtuous men of our country m its
heroic age. George Mason, of Virginia, stigma-
tized the slave trade as an " infernal traffic! He
said that "slavery discouraged manufactures;
that it produced the most pernicious cliecton man-
ners " Without intending to be personal or of-
fensive, 1 think 1 can pause here and properly
remark, that if the effects of slaveiy are changed
m every other rcspcct,thceffcct on mannersisthe
same now that it was 111 the last century. The
epithets used by men on this floor, their arrogant
biariog towards their peers, is abundant proof that
there is no change in that respect._ We have fre-
quently heard members, this session, speak ot a
great party m this country as the Black Repub-
lican party. Legislative bodies m the slave States
"To,!,ovv UK' world that we are not influenced by any jl have "so far forgotten what should be due to the
eontiaeted ami interested motives, but a gsneial p!"Ian- |i statuling and dignity of a Legislatuie, as to can
tliropy foi all mat,lund ot whatever language or complex- ^ t„jn ,-,artv; m their official proceedings, the
ion, \vc hen:by declare our disapprobation and aDllorre^ee 1 -
" Black" Republican party.'" Why arc men be-
trayed into such violations of the proprieties of
life ? There can be no other reason than the one
given by George Mason eighty years ago: slavery
produces a most pernicious effect-upon manners.
1 know it is claimed'by men in the slave States,
that slavery is necessary to the highest develop-
ment of human society; but I think the experience
of members of Congress is, that slavery aoes not
always produce this beneficial result. *
I revert to my southern authorities upon the
peculiar institution. Mr. Iredell, of North Caro-
lina, thus expresses himself:
" When the entire abolition of slavery takes place, it will
be an event winch must be most pleasing to every gener-
ous mind, and to every friend of human nature."
Thomas Jefferson writes:
" The spirit of the master is abating; that of the slave
rising from the dust; his condition mollifying, the way, I
hope, pieparing, under the auspices of Heaven, for a total
emancipation."
He continues, in his plan for a constitution for
Virginia:
" Nothing is more certainly written in the book of fate,
than that these people are to be free."
In a letter to Dr. Gordon, on Lord Cornwallis's
invasion of Virginia, Mr. Jefferson says:
tl He carried off also about thirty slaves, (Jefferson's.)
Had this been to give them freedom, he would have done
right; but it was to consign them to inevitable death from
small-pox and putrid lever then raging in bia camp."
I conclude here my citations from the united
voices of some of the best men of the country,
before and after the Revolution , against slavery as
an evil, and a great national sin, not that I have
exhausted their utterancesfNiut that my time ad-
mits of no more.
The Republican party proclaims no doctrine so
xdtra as theirs, uses no language so strong as that
of those southern statesmen from whom it gains
so much information, and whose views, to a great
extent, it conscientiously accepts. We desire only
to confine it within its present limits; we ask that
it shall not pollute territory now free; wc know
the utter folly of appealing to the morality or hu-
manity of a pro-slavery party, where the rights
of a black man are involved; but when you in-
sist on taking slaves into a free Territory, and
smiting the land with this blighting, withering
curse, we plant ourselves on our constitutional
rights, and say, thus far shall you go, and no fur-
thcr.
The learned gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
Curki,] in alluding to the opinion of the fathers
of the Republic, said:
" These, however, were but mere speculations."
Was it a mere speculation when Madison said:
"wc have seen a mere distinction ©f color made
: i the ground of the most oppressive dominion ofman
!! over man?" Was it as a mere speculation that
ji Jefferson wrote, that Cornwallis would have been
right had he carried away his (Jefferson's) slaves
to°frce them? Was itamere speculation, awild
fancy, that the framers of the Constitution would
not admit that there could be such a thing as prop-
erty in man? A mere speculation, was it, of
Patrick Henry when lie said "that slavery is de-
tested; we feel its fatal effects; we deplore it?"
r when he declared it would rejoice his very soul
! were all his fellow-beings emancipated?" Was
r it a mere speculation when Jefferson wrote, and
ji his colleagues signed, "we hold these truths to
1 be self-evident, that all men are created equal?"
jl No one then doubted the truth of this declaration.
More than a generation passed away before any
man dared raise his voice against it. No, sir;
this was no mere speculation, but the acknowl-
edgment of a great "humanitarian fact." Trua
then, it is true now; and must remain indisputa-
ble and eternal—a pillar of fire by night, a cloud
by day, to guide and guard nations yet unborn
in the path of honor, of safety, of moral and po-
i litical grandeurs.
I But the learned gentleman docs not pause upon
] these "speculations." He proceeds to tell us that
I circumstances are changed; that there was then
S little more than half a million slaves, and scarce
a pound of cotton exported. Does the gentleman
! believe, or does he but attempt to lead us tohe-
; lieve, that the ethics of those men " without fear
| and without reproach " had no sounder founda-
1 tion than this; that while slaves were few and
| cotton scarce, slavery might be a wrong, but with
1 four million slaves and four million two hundred
