1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
885.
from its further consideration, and that it be re-
ferred to thu Committee on Public Lands; which
was agreed to. i
Air. GRIMES, from the Committee on Pen- '
• sions, to whom was referred the memorial of
Cornelius Hughes, praying that the pension he j
now receives may be increased, submitted a re- j
port accompanied by a bill (S. No. l&i) for the j
relief of Cornelius Hughes. The bill was read, ;
and passed to a second reading; and the report I
was ordered to be printed. !
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Nicholas Underbill,
a soldier of the war of 1812, praying for a pen-
sion, submitted a report accompanied by a bill
(S. No. 182j for the relief of Nicholas Underbill.
The bill was read, and passed to a second read-
ing; and the report was ordered to be printed.
Air. SAULSBURY, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the petition of
Ehas Carpenter, praying that his pension may
commence from the date of his disability, sub-
mitted an adverse repoit; which was ordered to
be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 98) for the relief of
Olivia W. Cannon, widow of Joseph ft. Cannon,
late a midshipman in the United States Navy,
reported it without amendment, and submitted a
report; which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Rebecca A. Correll,
widow of Isaac Correll, late a private in company
D, eleventh regiment United States infantry, de-
ceased, praying for a pension, submitted a report
accompanied by a bill (S. No. lb4) for the relief
of Rebecca A. Correll. The bill was read, and
passed to a second reading; and the report was
ordered to be printed.
Air. IVERSON,from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of the heirs of
Jabez B. Rooker, praying to be allowed the sum
of $929 50, rejected m the settlement of his ac-
counts, under the act for their relief; and also, at
the rate of §350 per annum from March 3, 1843
to December 31, 1850, while he was clerk to the
Commissioner of Public Buildings, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration; tfhich
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of James Maccaboy,
praying compensation for injuries received while
employed in the service of the United States, and
the bill (S. No. 51) for the relief of James Mac-
caboy, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Mills Judson, pray-
ing to have refunded to him payment made on
account of alleged defalcation of the late Purser
Andrew D. Crosby, and to be relieved from lia-
bility as one of his securities, submitted a report,
accompanied by a bill, (S. No. 186,) for the relief
of Mills Judson: which was read, and passed to a
second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Airs. A. P. Derrick,
widow of W. S. Derrick, praying compensation
for the services of her late husband, as acting Sec-
retary of State, reported a bill (S. No. 185) for
the relief of Mrs. Ann P. Derrick, widow of W.
S. Derrick, deceased; which was read, and passed
to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of D. Meriwether, pray-
ing the passage of an act making an appropriation
for his salary as Superintendent of Indian Affairs,
in the Territory of New Mexico, from July 27,
1854. to April 31, 1857, asked to be discharged j
from its further consideration; which ■wasagre. d to. |
Air. HARLAN, from the Committee on Pub- j
lie Lands, to whom was referred the petition of !
Thomas Jones and others, of Clermont county, '
Ohio, praying to be allowed bounty land for ser- |
vices in the war of 1812, submitted an adverse
report: which w.is ordered to be printed.
Mi. SIMMONS, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the memorial of George M. i
Weston, commissioner of the State of Maine, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No.
191) to provide for quieting certain land titles in
the late-disputed territory in the State of Mainv, ;
<in?i for other puiposes. The bill w.ts read, and ;
pass* d toasccond reading; and the report was j
ordered to be printed. I
• HOUR OF MEETING.
. , Mr. HAMLIN. 1 desire to submit a motion
that vthe.houv pf meeting of this body shall be
twelve o'clock noon, until otherwise ordered.
[ii No !*' No!"]
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I wish to make a report.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator from Maine insist on his motion? ,
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 insist on making the mo-
tion; but 1 suppose a single objection prevents its
consideration now. I ask that the motion be en-
tered, so that I can call' it up to-morrow morning.
MESSAGE FROM THE 1IOCSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Hayes, chief clerk, announced that the
House had passed a resolution appointing ajoint
committee to revise the joint rules of the two
Houses, and that the Speaker had appointed
Messrs. Stanton, Phelps, and Sherman^ as the
committee on the part of the House.
The message further announced the appoint-
ment of Air. Beale in the place of Mr. Train,
upon the joint committee in regard to the inaugu-
ration of the equestrian statue of Washington.
The message further announced that the fol-
lowing documents were ordered to be printed by
the House on the 17th of February, 1860:
Letter from the Secretary of the Treasury,
transmitting lists of clerks and other persons in
his Department during the year 1859.
Letter of the Secretary of the Treasury, trans-
mitting statement of the contingent expenses of
las Department during the last fiscal year.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the joint resolution of the Senate
(No. 12) giving the consent of Congress to Cap-
tain William B. Shubrick to accept a sword pre-
sented to him by Captain General and President
Urquiza, of the Argentine Confederation.
The message further announced thattiio House
had passed a joint resolution (H. R. No. 8) mak-
ing an appropriation for inaugurating the eques-
trian statue of Washington, m which the con-
currence of the Senate was requested.
BILL BECOME A, LAW.
The message further.announced that the Presi-
dentof the United States had approved and signed,
on fhe!6th instant,"Anact(H.R.No,,l)making
appropriations to defray the deficiencies in the
appropriations for the service of the Post Office
Department for the fiscal year ending 30th June,
1859, and in part for the support of the Post Office
Department for the year ending 30th June, J8b0."
CONTRACT ITOK BINDING.
Mr. FITCH. The Committee on Printing have
instructed me to offer for adoption the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Printing be di-
rected to inquire ami report whether the contract made by
the fSeeretaiy of the Senate with Mis. Adeline Sdixcaut,
and renewed, with modifications, on the 16th and 17th of
February, 1 80, tor binding the reserved number of Senate
documents, l* authouzed by law; and if so, what the terms
and condition*, exptof and implied, ot &uch contract arc
and have been, and in what manner the woik has been
executed under it; and that the Superintendent of Public
Pr.ntmg be directed to cause all work to be withheld and
all proceedings PUi-p -nded underbuch contiact until &uch
mqu.ry and lurther oider of the Senate.
The committee desire the adoption of the reso-
lution. It is merely a resolution of inquiry.
Mr. DIXON. 1 wish thatresolution to lie over
a day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will lie
over under the rule.
REVISION OF THE JOINT RULES.
Mr. BRIGHT. There is a message from the
House of Representatives, asking the organiza-
tion of ajoint committee from the two Houses for
the purpose of reporting on the joint rules of the
two Houses. I ask that it be taken up and con-
curred in. I suppose it will take no time.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following lesolution of the
House of Representatives:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives, That
a joint committee of three membei* on the part of the
House, and members, on the pau of tne senate, be
appointed to reuse the joint lules ot the two Houses, with
power to report at any time.
Air. BRIGHT I presume it will be necessary
to fill the blank. I move to fill it with the number
" three.''
The motion was agreed to, and the resolution
was adopted.
Air. BRIGHT. I move that the committee on
the part of the Senate be appointed by the Presi-
dent of the Senate. • -
The motion was agreed to.
ST. CLAIR FLATS.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask the Senate to take
up bill No. 37, for the purpose of making it a
special order for Thursday next.
Mr. SLIDELL. What is the bill? Let us hear
the title of it.
The Secretary read the title, as follows:
A bill making an appropriation for deepening
the channel over the Saint Clair flats, in the State
of Michigan.
Air. SLIDELL. I take it for granted that the
Senator from Michigan is not disposed to press
the consideration of that bill now.
Mr. CHANDLER. No; I merely propose to
take it up for the purpose of making it a special
order for Thursday next.
The motion to take up the bill was agreed to.
Air. CHANDLER. I now move that it be
postponed to, and made the special order for,
Thursday next, at half past one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS,
Mr. CLARK. I call for the consideration of
the special order which was assigned for half past
one o'clock to-day.
Mr. HAMMOND. I ask the Senate to take
up the joint resolution making an appropriation
for dedicating the equestrian statue of Wash-
ington.
The PRESIDENT pto tempore. It is the'duty
of the Chair to announce the special order at this
hour, unless the Senate otherwise direct.
Mr. HAUN. I move that the special order be
postponed until we can get through with resolu-
tions. 1 hope the Senator from New Hampshire
will allow me to introduce one or two resolutions.'
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
fiom South Carolina was entitled to the floor. I^o
I understand him to yield it?
Air. CLARK. 1 have not yielded the floor. I
understood that I was entitled to it.
Air. HAMAIOND. I ask the Senator from
New Hampshire to yield the floor to enable us
to pass the joint resolution in relation to the
equestrian statue of Washington. It will take
but a very few moments.
Air. CLARK. I want to make one suggestion
before I yield the floor. I understand that 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is impos-
sible to hear what is going oil with so nuuiy Sen-
ators on the floor. Senators will be so kind as
to resume their scats. The Chair will then be
able to tell who has the floor.
Mr. HAMMOND. I did not hear the reply
of the Senator from New Hampshire.
Mr. CLARK. I did not make a reply. There
was so much confusion that I was interrupted. I
was going on to say that I desire to speak to the
special order for to-day. I understand that the
death of a member from Virginia is being an-
nounced in the House of Representatives, and a
message with that announcement may come over
to interrupt me in my speech. If it be the un-
derstanding that that will not be announced until
I get through, I am willing to give way to these
gentlemen to pass the resolution; but if there can-
not be such an understanding, I prefer to go on
now.
Air. HAMMOND. So far as I am concerned,
I will consent to such an understanding.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, if there be no
motion before the Senate, the Chair will announce
the special order.
Air. HAUN. I move to postpone the special
order for half an hour.
Several Senators. You cannot take the floor
from the Senator from New Hampshire.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is impos-
sible to transact business unless Senators will
preserve order.
Mr. CLARK. Air. President 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
w ill state to the Senator fiom New Hampshire that
the motion of the Senator from California is in
order, it is in order to move to postpone,the
special order.
Air. CLARK. I did not understand that the
