1856
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 24.
thousand bales ofcotton.it becomes just, humane,
moral ?—that while negroes and cotton fill one side
of the scales, Christian truth must kick the beam
on the other, and slavery thus becomes a great
"humanitarian fact?" •
The right and wrong of the thing, about which
there has been so much discussion, is now easily
solved. The gentleman has found an infallible rule;
it is simply to make a chemical analysis of your
soil: if it will produce cotton, you can purchase
slaves and work them without violating the laws
of God or man.
We may also infer, or be induced to believe,
from the honorable gentleman's speech, that if
nothing is raised but indigo and rice, the propriety
and morality of holding men in bondage is doubt-
ful. Not such, sir, were the " speculations" of
the fathers of the Republic.
Lucid as is the gentleman's speech in general,
there is a want of clearness in the last point 1 have
cited; but this is owing entirely to the materials
used in the demonstration—rice and indigo will
not do; nothing will serve but cotton; eottonevcr,
cotton only.
If slave labor, then, is profitable, slaveholding
is equitable. Thus it is decided, that whatever is
profitable is also equitable; justice and injustice
are mere matters of profit and loss; the morality
or immorality of slavery a mere question of soil
and climate.
1 would here ask, if slave labor is so profitable
in a southern climate, why do you not permit free
white men to till your soil, and earn those large
sums of money of which we hear so much ? Why
seek to monopolize this cotton raising ? Your
court has decided fonsyou that negroes have no
rights that a white man is bound to respect; and
by your acts you do the same with regard to nou-
slaveholdmg whites. Therefore, the Republican
party is determined that the Territories of this
country shall be kept for homes of free white
men, and that slave labor shall not monopolize
them.
The great authorities cited as to the evil effects
of slavery on the white race, should satisfy the
most incredulous. But, says the learned gentle-
man from Alabama, there were few slaves at that
time, and scarce a pound of cotton for exporta-
tion, Let us, then, pass from that period to one
when the few slaves had become millions, and
the bales of cotton exported were estimated in
like manner. In 1832, Thomas Marshall, of Vir-
ginia, said of slavery;
" It is ruinous to the whites; retards improvement; roots
out an indusuious population ; bam.-jho* Uie yuoinanij of
the country; deprives the spinner, the ivoaver, the smith,
the shoemaker, the carpentet, of employment and suppoit.
Labor oi every spfoio.s is disreputable, hecau^cperlortnod
mostly by slaves; the general aspect of the country matks
the curse of a wasteful, idle, reckless population, who have
no interest in the soil, and care not how much it i.s impov-
erished."
Mr. Berry, of Virginia, spoke thus:
" I believe tli.it no cancer on the physical body was ever
more certain, steady, and fatal m us pio^ross than is the
cancer of slavery on the political body of the State of Vir-
ginia. It is eating into her very vitals."
The records of southern statesmanship, sir,
abound in suchand stronger expressions. Slavery
had then existed in this country more than two
hundred years, yet scarce a man could be then
found so bold and so reckless as to proclaim it
justand righteous, a humane, a Christian insti-
tution. Nearly the whole civilizcd world united
in its condemnation; the ministers of ourholy re-
ligion in the slave States declaimed against it; their
solemn petitions ascended to the throne of God
that the country might be rid of these " bonds."
The pious did not believe that we had a right to
" rob millions of immortal beings of the dearest
rights of their existence, and mingle the accursed
sacrilege with the concerted harmonies of the
worship of God." They did not believe that "the
melodies of the harp and the symphonies of the
temple were fit for the impious persecutors of
mankind." But, slave labor has become profita-
ble in some parts of the South; the mania for
wealth has seized the slaveholders' avarice, has
dried up the fountain of humanity. The lust of
power and dominion deadens their consciences;
a million bales of cotton can blind their eyes
alike to the flames of perdition and the glories of
Paradise. They make to themselves friends of
the Mammon of unrighteousness; they become
full, and deny their Maker, and say, who is the
Lord! Concerning oppression, they speak loftily.
But they are set in slippery places; they will be
_cast down unto destruction.
The gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Lamar]
said a few days since:
I tell you, Mr. Chairman, that God's sun does not shine
upon a nobler, prouder,more ptospcuousaud elevated class
of people than the non-slaveholders of the South."
This, I think, will be news to many non-slave-
holders in the gentleman's district. Thomas Jef-
ferson tells us that man is an imitative animal;
therefore, if the assertion of the gentleman from
Mississippi bo corrective must wonder why slave-
holders do not relieve themselves of their negroes,
that ihey may become equally noble, proud, pros-
perous, and elevated with the ncfrt-slaveholder.
Who can compare with them on this side of Par-
adise? With them the millennium can be no object
of desire, since
{' Not a wave of trouble rolls
Across th>?ir peaceful breasts."
Still there must bo some malice in their hearts,
for the honorable gentleman states that they (the
non-slaveholders) hold slavery in the hollow of
their hands; surely, were they benevolent, they
would dose their hands and crush out the "insti-
tution," that their slaveholding fellow-citizens
might become as prosperous and as happy as
themselves.
The assertion is frequently made, that white
men cannot work in the hot latitudes of the South,
and this is offered as a reason why there should
be black slaves there. Tho gentleman knocks one
of the strongest props from under the institution.
He tells us white men work, and raise, not only
cotton, but corn and potatoes. He also informs
us that after the cotton, corn, and potatoes, are
nusccf, the strong, brave man drives the plow
through the fallow ground. It will be seen that
work during the summer has not produced the
lassitude and enervation that it has beer, claimcd
is produced in white men by labor. We arc
still further informed, that the fallow ground
turned up by the strong, brave man, discloses
something more valuable than the gold of Califor-
nia; " 'Tis the sparkles of liberty!" We have
heard of the sparkles of liberty that are made man-
ifest to the non-slaveholders of the South. The
poor laboring man at Columbia, South Carolina,
when streams of blood issued from the furrows
plowed in his naked back by a cow-hide in the
hands of a negro, saw some of the sparkles of
liberty when, bleeding, exhausted, besmeared with
tar, and covered with feathers, he was thrust into
the cars, and left to perish m the cold. He had,
no doubt, a vivid idea of the liberty that is en-
joyed by non-slaveholders in the South, when he
remembered that these cruelties and barbarities
were inflicted on him for expressing a rational and
honest opinion relative to this "peculiar institu-
tion/'
The statements, and doubtless convictions, of
the honorable member from Mississippi, differ
singularly from those of Senator Clay, of Ala-
bama, who telld us that, in his State, " we may
behold numerous fine houses, once the abode of
intelligent freemen, now occupied by slaves, or
else tcnantless and dilapidated; that we may see
fields, once fertile, covered with fox-tail and broom
sedge—moss growing on the walls of once thrifty
villages, and may find that " one only master
grasps the whole domain" which once furnished
homes for a dozen white families.
Hear, also, Senator Hammond, of South Caro-
■ lma, who says of the non-slaveholders of his
State: <
"They obtain a precaiiotis subsistence by occasional
jobs, by hunting, by fishing, by plundenng fields or foldb ;
or, too often, by what is far worse in its effects, tradiua
with slaves, and leading them to plunder lor their benefit."
The opinions already quoted from many of the
wise men of the South go far to demonstrate that
the gentleman from Mississippi is entirely mis-
taken. There is, however, another test by which
wc can try the accuracy of what the gentleman
has said aoout the non-slaveholders of the South. !
The census report of 1850 shows this important j
fact: that of the white men in the slave States over j
twenty-one years of age, there is about one in every I
twelve that cannot read and write; while in the ;
free States there is only one out of every forty- !
five. It must also he remembered, that a very :
large number of those in the free States who can- j
not read came originally from the slave States. I
Takfe for instance Massachusetts, where there are
but very few persons from the slave States, if any,
and there is only one in seven hundred and scventy-
eight that cannot read and write. Take Indiana
and Illinois—States that have large populations
from the slave States; inlndiana,oneineveryfour-
teen cannot read; in Illinois, one in every twenty-
one and a half; and if any one will take the trouble
to examine, it will no doubt bfc found that this
ignorance exists almost entirely where the popu-
lation from the slave States largely predominates.
I will venture the assertion that there can scarcely
be a man found in the State of Ohio, that was born
there, who possesses intellect capable of cultiva-
tion, that cannot read, while a very large portion of
those i^iorant men in the slave States were " to
the manner born."
It must also be borne m mind that," in making
the estimate of the free States, the men that per-
form all the labor are included. In the slave
States the men who do nearly all the work are
not included. I do not know that any great good
can come of making these comparisons. But
when the gentleman tells us that the non-slave-
holders in his State arc the most prosperous and
the most elevated of mankind, the inquiry is at
once presented to the mind, how elevated in the
scale of existence can a man be who can neither
read nor writer I have shown that slavery was
regarded as a political, moral, and social evil by
the founders of this Republic, and by able south-
ern statesmen within thirty years; that their anx-
ious query has been, " what is to be done with
itWc are now asked to discredit those men,
and give ear to a modern creed, that slavery is
not only necessary, but beneficent—a divine ordi-
nance—and that southern non-slaveholders, even,
are prosperous and elevated just in proportion to
the number of slaves owned by their neighbors.
Not such, sir, were the "speculations" of the
fathers of the Republic; nor is the world to be de-
ceived by such assumptions. Decree and carry
out what non-intercourse you will; surround
yourselves with barriers as impassable as the
Chinese wall, or the great guif between Dives
and Lazarus, still the evidences of your condition
will exist on the imperishable pages of history,
in the records left by the mighty and venerated
dead; and the attempt to establish the belief that
slavery is a universal blessing will be received
but as an aggression upon the credulity of man-
kind.
Forty years ago a slave Territory applied for ad-
mission to the Union as a State. The friends of
freedom objected that its icception would be con-
trary to the policy of our Government. "Admit
it," it was urged, "with its present constitution,
and we will consent to a line of demarkation,
north of which slavery shall never pass." This
was solemnly agreed to before the whole world;
and this compact, forced upon the country by the
slave power, was claimed by it as a great triumph
of slavery. Men at the .North felt that this was
a great aggression, a great outrage upon freedom;
yet, to give quiet and restore harmony,they sub-
mitted, consoled by the national pledge that sla-
very should be extended no further, and believ-
ing that the nation might joyously look forward
to long years of happiness and repose. But des-
potism is ever restless and grasping; but twenty-
five years rolled by—a very short period in the
life of a nation—ere Texas was admitted to the
Union, that slavery propagandists could have a
wider field for their operations. As everybody
ioresaw, war ensued; and the best blood of the
nation fattened the soil of Mexico More than
two hundred millions of treasure were expended,
and many thousand valuable lives sacrificed. All
over this land "the sky wos hung with black-
ness;" "mourning was spread over the mountain
tops." Territory enough was obtained to make
four large States, well adopted to the productive
labor of human chattels, and this territory was
blackened over with slavery. Such a triumph
ought to have satisfied the most grasping of the
friends of this "peculiarinstitutionV' but the world
should have known that nothing short of univer-
sal dominion would satisfy the slave owner and
slave breeder. Less than ten years after the an-
nexation of Texas it was discovered by southern
men that there was a Tcrritoiy wost of Mis-
souri, wherein the peculiar institution of the
South could be made profitable; but by a solemn
league and covenant this land had been, for more
