1858
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 25,
laudation of a national, conservative party. The
nationality of the Democratic party consists in de-
voting all the energies and power of the Federal
Government to advancing the interests, aims, and
ends of about one hundred thousand men. Its con-
servatism consists in its avowed determination to
dissolve the Union, should a majority of our peo-
ple, in the exercise of their legal and constitu-
tional rights, elect a President not acceptable to
that party.
There are, I presume, not more than one hun-
dred thousand men in this country who feel any
desire to extend the boundaries of slavery, or who
would, had they the power, add one other slave
State to the Union. Yet the whole power of this
Government is devoted to that one object; its en-
tire strength concentrated in one spasmodic effort
to extend slavery. The agricultural, the manu-
facturing, the great commercial interests of this
country are entirely ignored, neglected, and for-
gotten, that the interests of one hundred thousand
slaveholders maybe advanced. The great pur-s
suits by which twenty-five million people live are
not considered worthy the attention of this Dem-
ocratic party j while one hundred thousand aristo-
crats require its entire services. Yotthis is the
great national pfirty! While so determined upon
rule is it, that if a majority of the people should
decide against it, and discharge its members from
places of trust and honor, they threaten to destroy
this Government. Such is the conservative party
commended to our most favorable consideration.
The slavery party is constantly complaining
that the free States enact personal liberty laws,
and- that they do not fulfill their constitutional
obligations. Whatever acts may be passed by
our Legislatures, so that they ao not interfere
with the Constitution of the United States, you
have no right to complain. But if you think that
Constitution violated, you have your remedy.
Send your attorneys into the free States; com-
mence your suits in the Federal courts, and try
the validity of our statutes. We pledge ourselves
that your agents shall be kindly treated, and shall
have a fair hearing. We will not follow your
example; we will not pass laws in plain and pal-
pable violation of your rights, and in palpable
violation of the Constitution, and then drive.out,
by threats or violence, any man who may come
into the State to test the validity of such enact-
ments.
Before you complain of us, go home and seize
and haqg the pirates who are hovering around
your shores engaged in the slave trade. You may
say a jury will not convict them. Why not? Be-
cause the community sustains them in their un-
holy traffic and in their violation of the laws. But I
if you really desired to punish those men, you '
could easily devise the ways and means—a whip-
ping on the bare back with a raw hide, a coat of
tar and feathers, or .some other corrective that you
arc in the habit of using. I would not advise
these punishments in a free State; they would not
be practicable; but in States where such things
are in constant use, it is rather surprising that
some person has not thought of thus applying
them. Men who commit acts declared by the
whole civilized world to be piracy, you permit to
escape, while you say you will hang the man who
circulates Helper's book Before you complain
of the free States, arrest and punish the scoun-
drels who so cruelly treated the Irishman at Co-
lumbia, South Carolina, for no offense but saying
that slavery was detrimental to free labor.
r3kke from place and power the men whose
hands and faces arc recking and smoking with
the blood of our people m Kansas, and put them
to death. Punish the thousands of others who
have committed acts of violence against free State
men and arc yet unwhipped of justice. These
things you must do before you complain of us.
I take no pleasure in these criminations and re-
criminations. I know that all the States are a
part of my country; butwhen I hear of the wrongs
and outrages perpetrated on men merely because
they will not subscribe to the doctrines you hold,
and hear you complain of us for not doing our
duty as citizens, I will let you know that you,
too, are made of penetrable stuff." I have
"Learned to deride your fierce decree,
And break you on the wheel you meant forme."
I do not mean to interfere with any man's legal
or constitutional rights. The people of the slave
States have the rignt to continue slavery there if
they desire so to do. I hove no right to interfere
with it. But I intend to maintain my own rights.
To draw an impassable line around slavery,and
confine it within its presentlimits; absolute abo-
lition of the African slave trade; the Territories to
be kept free for homes for free men—these meas-
ures I regard as absolutely essential to the perpetu-
ation of this Government, and to the highestdevel-
opmentof the Anglo-Saxon race. I haveendeavored
to sliuw what slavery is, what it has done, and
what it intends to do. I have also endeavored to
show what are the aims and objects of the Re-
publican party; and if they cannot be tolerated—
if such principles cannot be sustained by the peo-
ple of any section of this country—it isftie mis-
fortune of that people. They are the principles
that ought to be sustained by all people that are
fitted for civil liberty; they are the principles on
which this Government was founded; they were
baptized in the best blood of this nation; they
were cherished by the greatest names that adorn
the brightest pages of the history of our country
during its patriotic and virtuous and heroic age.
They were emblazoned on every bannor that
waved over our army in every battle-field of the
Revolution; during the storm and darkness they
were the bright " signet on the boson), of the
cloud; the rainbow of promise and of hope."
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania, next addressed
the committee on the tariff question. [His spoech
will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. FLORENCE moved that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr. Spinner, hav-
ing taken the chair as Speaker pro tempore, Mr.
BuFriMTOjj reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had had under
consideration the Union generally, and particu-
larly House bill No. 338, to provide for the pay-
ment of outstanding Treasury notes, to authorize
a loan, to regulate and fix the duties on imports,
and for other purposes; and had come to no con-
clusion thereon. r
And then, on motion of Mr. FLORENCE, (at
five o'clock, p. m.,) the House adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, April 26, 1860.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. J. L. Elliott.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
POSTAGE ON LETTERS TO PACIFIC, ETC.
Mr. COLFAX. I hold in my hand a letter from
the Postmaster General, accompanied by the draft
of a bill in reference to postages on papers and
letters to the Pacific coast; both of which 1 ask to
have printed, and referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads. My object in hav-
ing them printed is, that the subject may not be
called up for action without members having had
an opportunity to examine the matter.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I would like to hear the
bill read, reserving the right to object, if I desire,
after it shall have been read.
The bill was read by its title, as follows:
A bill l dative to postage on newspapers in pack-
ages, on letters to and from the Pacific coast, and
for other purposes.
Mr. COLFAX. I would state thatthi^is a bill,
prepared with some care after consultation be-
tween the Acting Postmaster General and myself,
intended to increase the convenience of the Post
Office Department to the public; to attract to it
mail matter, which is now remunerating express
companies for its carriage; requiring California
postage to be paid on letters for the Pacific coast
by the overland mail routes, even if under three
thousand miles, and for other purposes of minor
importance. I desire to have the bill printed, with
the explanatory letter of the Postmaster General,
so that, when I shall call it up on its passage, it may
be in print, that gentlemen can understand all of
its provisions.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I have no objection to the
order to print.
The bill was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, and, together with a communication
from the Acting Postmaster General explanatory
of said bill, ordered to be printed.
Mr. COLFAX. I now enter a motion to recon-
sider the reference, so us to be able to call it up for
action when the House is full.
The motion to reconsider was passed over.
SERVICE OF PROCESS.
Mr. HOARD, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to provide for serving process in cer-
tain cases; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States, by James Buch-
anan, his Private Secretary.
PURCHASE OF MORMON POSSESSIONS.
Mr. MORRIS, odllinois. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to introduce a resolution. I
desire to have it read, and I will say, if there isno
objection, I shall propose to havij the considera- c
tion of the resolution postponed for some five or
six weeks. The subject is one of importance,
and one upon which I desire to be heard.
The resolution is as follows:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of the
United States of .America in Congress assembled, That tho
lion. James L. On*, of the State of South Carolina, General
Alexander W. Doniphan, of the State of Mis^ouu, and
Governor John Wood,ol the State oi illmju-5, be, and they
aro hereby, appointed commissioners on The pait o{ the
United States to proceed to Salt LiikeCity, in the Terutory
of Utah, and negotiate with the Moimons l'or the purchase
of their possessions, for and on behalf of tho General Gov-
ernment, upon the express uiideistanding and agieement,
and none other, that they shall remove within a reasonable
time from without the limits and jurisdiction of the Amer-
ican UcpubUc ; that tho said commissioners be. and they
are heiobv, invented with plenary power* to negotiate with
tile said Mormons tor the object a-oresaid; that they be in-
structed to say to .sard people that, in the judgment of Con-
gress, deliheiately formed, their peculiar institution*, or-
gan ization, and practices, are such that it will bo impossible
tor them, in a Government like ours, if the luture can be
judged by the past, to maintain themselves for any great
length of time; that the peace of the United States, as well
as their own welfare and safety, imperiously require their
removal as ntore:«aid; that said removal ought to be and
can be effected, if they will consult their best interest, in a
quiet manner, and to the advantage of all parties, as Con-
giess moist earnestly hopbs it may be.
That cxpffKence has shown, and their history in Ohio,
Missouri, and Illinois, from each ot which States the people
were in turn compelled to drive them, abundantly proves
they cannot live in peace and good neighboihood with any
other community contiguous to them; that commotion, war,
bloodshed, and almost every conceivable species of crime,
characterize their conduct; that entertaining the views and
practicing the abominations they do iu total disregard oi ail
respect to God and man, religion and morality, and situated
as they aie upon the direct loute or highway to the Pacific
ocean, where, as said experience has shown, they cannot
be brought to justice by process ot law, It is useless for
Congi ess to disguise the fact, or attempt to do it, that deadly
feuds and civil war between them and other settlers on both
sides of the Rocky Mountains will inevitably occur, and
hence it is our duty both to them and the country to warn
them of the consequences and avert the calamity, if possi-
ble, by paying them a fair compensation for their propeity,
and thus give them no reasonable giound to complain of a
removal.
That the Government of the United States has the power,
and it is its bounden duty, to protect itself from internal as
well as external Iocs, wiio defy and contemn its authority,
while receiving its protection, and seek to subvert and
overthrow its good order and well-being; and that the Mor-
mons, having turnished, by their own misconduct, contin-
ued lor a long series of years, the most undoubted evidence
of theii hostility to it, and of their being a band or associa-
tion of alien enemies m our midst, disregarding and tramp-
ling upon all the saeied obligations of patriotism and nil
the duties of citizens, they wilt have nn just cause of com-
plaint if they aie not tolerated in their shameful and in-
iquitous course, having long since declared themselves by
their acts, both moral and governmental outlaws, who can-
not be dealt with and punished in our courts as other elim-
inate.
That the commissioners aforesaid shall report their ac-
tion in the premises to the next session of the present Con-
gress; and shall each receive a compensation of ten dollars
per day for the time actually employed in the disehaige of
their duties, and ail necessary expenses, both to be certi
fiod to by themselves, and paid out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
That it shall be the duty of the President of the United
States to cause to be transmitted to the said commission-
ers, immediately upon the passage and approval of the lore-
going resolutions, an authenticated copy thereof; and if
they accept the appointment theiein conferred, they shall
notify him of the tact within ten days after the receipt of
said resolutions; and in the event they neglect or fail to do
so, it shall be the further duty of the President, and he is
hereby empowered, to appoint others in their places, who
shall be vested with the same powers, perfonn the same
duties, and rcceivc the same compensation as the comrois-
bioners specified or named herein.
Mr. WINSLOW. I think I have a right to
ask if there is a quorum present..
Mr. FLORENCE. I trust that the same in-
dulgence which has been granted to gentlemen
upon the other side of the House will be given
to gentlemen upon this side.
