2802
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9,
travel from the extremes! North to and through
the whole southern country, by means of the ram-
ified inter-eomnmnieations of this- great road.
Surely such objections ought not to weigh against
tlie patent merits of this bill.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question
recurs upon the motion to lay the bill upon the
table.
Mr. BURNETT. I ask the gentleman from
Maryland to withdraw his motion, to permit me
to offer an amendment to the bill before the vote
is taken.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I understand
there is a motion to commit pending.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Of course, that
would have to be withdiawn also before an
amendment would be in order,
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I ask the gentleman
from Illinois to give me the floor for two minutes,
and I will renew the motion to commit.
Mr. CURTIS. I shall object. I made a mo-
tion to refer, and had 110 opportunity o.f giving
any reason for it.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I objcct. All this
is out of order.
Tiie SPEAKER pro tempore. The motion to
lay on the table is not debatable.
Mr. LEAKE. I would appeal to gentlemen
on that side to give me an opportunity of brief
explanation. Tins road runs further through my
district than through the district of any member.
I appeal to the gentleman from Illinois to with-
draw his motion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I under-
stand that if 1 withdraw, the gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Curtis] will claim liis right on the motion
to recommit.
Mr. LEAKE. I will renew the motion in five
minutes.
Mr. BURNETT. Let us have the question.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is
on the motion to lay on the table.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, demanded tell-
ers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Leake, and
Kellogg of Illinois, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes forty; noes not counted.
Mr. EDGERTON called for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. GROW. I appeal to the gentleman from
Illinois to withdraw his motion, and let us get in
this amendment, and we will pass (he bill.
The yeas and n.iys were not ordered.
So the House refused to lay the bill on the
table.
Mr. BRANCH. I believe the pending motion
is to refer the bill to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Yes.
Mr. BRANCH. I call the previous question
on that motion.
Mr. LEAKE. I appeal to the gentleman from
North Carolina to withdraw the demand for the
previous question, and I will renew it.
Mr. BRANCH, i would reply to my friend
from Virginia that if I should withdraw it for him
I must withdraw it for others. I desire, myself,
to discuss this hill; and I want u to go to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the .state of the Union,
where we ean all have an opportunity of discuss-
ing it to-day.
Mr. LEAKE. I am afraid I should not be able
to got the floor again. This road from the south
side runs one hundred and fifty miles through my
district, and I want to explain.
Mr. BRANCH. Under these circumstances
I withdraw the demand for the previous question;
but I hope my friend will renew it.
Mr. LEAKE. I will renew it, sir. I am not
in favor of the previous question, but I am bound
to you.
It is obvious, Mr. Speaker, to everybody who
lias studied the map and looked at the programme
of these railroads, that there is an awkward gup
between Alexandria and the terminus of the Bal-
timore and Ohio railroad, in the city of Washing-
ton. That gap is about seven miles m extent, but
you can take an omnibus for the terminus of the
Baltimore road to the river; there take the boat
to Alexandria; and thence an omnibus for about
eight hundred yards to the depot of the Orange
and Alexandria railroad, in the city of Alexan-
dria. All that this bill proposes is to give the
right of way to the Baltimore and Ohio railroad
to the southern bank of the Potomac river. They
will build a bridge across the river, and the Vir-
ginia roads willextcnd themselves up to the south-
ern bank; and thus make a continuous connec-
tion from Boston to New Orleans unbroken
anywhere. That is my reason for supporting this
bill.
It is suggested to me by my friend from Mary-
land, that 1 should speak of it as a matter of pub-
lic convenience. Public convenience is a potent
argument now. Instead of destroying the last
link between the North and the South, it seems
to me that every patriot ought to exert himself to
complete that last link between the two sections,
it is to be of equal convenience to the people of
New Orleans and of Baltimore; to the people of
Richmond and of Boston; of New York and of
Mobile. They will all pass over this link; and
for one, I utterly protest against permitting the
rival interests of conflicting lines to be brought
into controversy in this case. I promised the
gentleman from New York that I would renew the
pervious question, and I now do so.
Mr. CURTIS. Will the honorable gentleman
allow me two woids?
Mr. BRANCH. I have appeals made to me
all round to withdraw the previous question; and
if I give way any further 1 will have to withdraw
it altogether. I withdrew it in favor of the gen-
tleman from Virginia, [Mr. Leake,] because this
railroad runs through his district. I cannot with-
draw it any more, unless I do so altogether. I
can assure gentlemen who arc in favor of this bill,
that if an attempt be made to press it through,
without going to the Committee of the Y/hole on
the state of the Union for amendments, the bill
will be rejected. I desire to sec it pass; therefore
[ call the previous question on the motion to refer
it; for it must be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, in order that
we make it more acceptable to the House.
Mr. WiNSLOW. I ask the gentleman from
North Carolina if he will consent 
Mr. BURNETT. I object to any further in-
terruption.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered, which was to refer the
bill to the Committee of the Whole on the state
ot' the Union.
Mr. CURTIS. I made the motion to refer this
bill to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, in order that the matter might be
fairly discussed. That was one object which I
had in view. Another object was 
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Has not the main
question been ordered; and is debate now m or-
der?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Itis notin order
to debate; but the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Carter] has the right, under the rule, to
the concluding speech.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. The House is
ready to vote on that motion.
Tellers were demanded and ordered; and Messrs.
McPhkrbon and De Jarnette were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 69, noes 58.
So the bill was referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois, moved to reconsider !
the vote by which the bill was referred to the Com-
mittee of the Wlio^e on the state of the Union;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the tablp.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled bills of the fol-
lowing titles; when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (II. 11. No. 214) for the relief of Charles
W. Brooks, of New Yoi k;
An act (H. R. No. 130) to pay the State of
Missouri the amount expended by said State in
repelling the invasion of the Osage Indians;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 132) for the relief
of Henry Woods;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 17) for the relief
of William H. De Groot;
An act (H. R. No, 286) for the relief of Brevet
Lieutenant Colonel Martin Burke and Captain
Charles S. Winder, of the United States Army;
An act (II. R. No. 272) granting a pension to
Adelaide Adams, widow of Commander George
Adams, United States Navy;
An act (H. R. No. 977) for the relief of Web-
ster S. Steele;
An act (H. R. No. 393) granting an invalid
pension to Nathan Randall;
An act (H. R. No. 600) for the relief of the
children and heirs of Alexander Montgomery;
An act (H. R. No. 528) for the relief of Beda
Hayes, widow of Dudley Hayes, of Granby,
Hartford county, Connecticut;
An act (H. R. No. 318) for the relief of An-
drew E. Marshall;
An act (H. R. No. 236) for the relief of John
Dixon;and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 34) for the relief
of John T. Robertson, of Virginia.
WASHINGTON AND GEORGETOWN RAILWAY.
Mr. CARTER. 1 now call up House bill No.
824, to incorporate the Washington City and
Georgetown Railway Company, reported by a
minority of the Committee for the District of Co-
lumbia.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Has the report
been made already?
Mr. CARTER. The bill has been printed.
Mr. BARR. Where is the majority report?
Mr. CARTER. There is no majority report.
Mr. BARR. Then the gentleman cannot sub-
mit a minority report.
Mr. CARTER. I did it by the permission of
the committee.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair does
not understand the condition of the bill. Has it
been reported and not referred?
Mr. CARTER. It was reported and referred
back to the committee.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
asks unanimous consent of the House that the
bill be tafcen'up for consideration.
Mr. McPHERSON. I object.
Mr. CARTER. I move that it be referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. IvUNKEL. I object to that.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill is on
the Speaker's table, as the Chair understands.
Mr. CARTER. 1 move to suspend the rules
with a view to take it up.
Mr. WINSLOW. Is that in order ? _
Mr. COBB. Of course it is; we are within ten
days of the close of the session.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill is on
the Speaker's table, and the gentleman from New
York moves to suspend the rules with a view to
take it up.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is there not
a prior motion to suspend the rules now pend-
ing ?
The SPEAKER jury tempore. The Chair knows
of no such motion. The morning hour having
expired, it is in the power of the gentleman from
New York to move to go to the business on the
Speaker's tahle; when this bill, being the only one
on the table which relates to the business of the
District of Columbia, would come up.
Mr. BARR. I would suggest to the gentleman
from New Yoik, that these railroad bills will
create discussion. There are several small bills
which will not give rise to discussion, and I think
we had better dispose of them first.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objec-
tion to the bill being taken up and referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union ?
Mr. BARR. Yes, sir; I object.
Mr. CARTER. I move, then, that we proceed
to the business on the Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill to in-
corporate the Washington City and Georgetown
Railway Company was taken up for consider-
ation.
Mr. BURNETT. I suppose that it is hardly
necessary to read the bill. I desire to offer a sub-
stitute for it.
Mr. CARTER. I think the bill had better be
read, so that the House may understand it.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. It will take up too
much time.
Mr. CARTER. Well, I will consent that the
reading be dispensed with.
Mr. HOARD. I ask that it be read.
