416
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 6,
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
The Reciprocity Treaty—Mr. Ely.
Ho. of Reps.
cost in the foreign country, but upon that cost
with interest,freight,insurance,and profits of the
American mcrchantadded. This policy now drives
the merchant of western Canada to Montreal to
purchase the goods which he formerly bought m
our own markets. And this operates not only to
the prejudice of our merchants, but of our cai-
riers (is well. The legislation which has pro-
duced this result is one of the indirect and inci-
dental effects of the treaty; at least it is,legisla-
tion which we might counteract, if our hands were
not tied t>y the treaty.
No class of our citizens have felt more keenly
the pcrnicious effects of this abominable treaty
than our enterprising lumbermen. We have no
resources for the production of lumber at all com-
parable to the vast primeval forests of Canada,
New Brunswick, and Nova Scotia. The timber
lands in these provinces are mostly owned by the
Government, which grants the privilege of cut-
ting timber at prices little more than nominal.
The lumbermen of this country, who have to pay
high prices for inferior timber lands, cannot suc-
cessfully compete with the products of these for-
ests. The throwing open of our markets to them
haiS rendered many large investments in the tim-
ber lands of this country ruinous to their pro-
prietors, and stricken down numerous large en-
terprises undertaken by our citizens with the
brightest prosnects of success. Much American
capital and enterprise has thus been driven out
of our own country to seek investment and em-
ployment in the forests of these provinces.
Even our fishermen, for whose special benefit
the large concessions of this treaty were supposed
to be made, find that the privilege accorded to them
of taking fish ill the bays, harbors, and creeks of
the British provinces, is more than counterbal-
anced by the like privilege extended to British
subjects, of taking fish upon our shores and coasts,
coupled, as it is, with the still more important
privilege of introducing the products of their fish-
eries into our markets duty free.
Pennsylvania will in vain demand protection to
her great coal interest while this treaty remains
ill force. So long as Nova Scotia, by means of
cheap and easy water-can ioge, can throw the
products of her extensive coal mines into all our
seaboard markets duty free, protection to the coal
interests of Pennsylvania and Maryland will be
wholly out of the question. In vain will they
appeal to Congress for relief, while our power to
grant it is paralyzed by this treaty.
Mr. Chairman, without pretending to go very
thoroughly into this subject, or to notice any but
the most prominent features in the operations of
this treaty, I trust 1 have succeeded in showing
that there is no "reciprocity" in the article which
provides for a free interchange of the commodi-
ties enumerated in the schedule. I trust I have
succeeded ill showing, that as affecting every pub-
lic or private interest, the advantages of this ar-
rangement are all on one side, and all against us.
Where, then, are the reciprocal benefits conferred
upon our citizens? Outside of this arrangement,
for the free interchange of Jhe productions spe-
cified in the schedule, there are but two provis-
ions of the treaty which pretend to confer any
privileges or benefits upon the people of this coun-
try.
These provisions are:
'' 1. The grant of' a privilege tu the inhabitants of the
United States to take fish ui' every kind, except shell fish,
on the sea-coast and shores, ami in the bay.--, harbors, ami
creeks of Canada, New Biunswick, Nova Scotia, and
Prince Edward's island, and of the several islands adjacent
thereto, without being restricted to any distance from the
shore; and of drying their nets and cunng their fish on the
shoies of those colonics and islands.
"2. A grant to the citizens of the United States of the
right to navigate tile rivei St. Laurence and the eanals in
Canada, used as the means of communicating between the
great lakes and the Atlantic ocean, witii their vessels,
boats, ami crafts, subject only to tile same toils and assess-
ments as are or may be exacted of British subjects."
Sir, if we have received any benefits from the
treaty to compensate us, in the slightest degree,
for the ruinous concessions made by the thiid
article, it must be by virtue of one or the other,
or both, of these provisions.
I have already stated that the privileges con-
ferred by the fishery grant are more than com-
pensated by a similar privilege extended to Brit-
ish subjects on our part, and by the privilege of
introducing the products of their fisheries to our
markets duty free. I do not pretend to under-
stand this branch of the subject very well myself,
but 1 am informed, by those who represent large
fishing interests on this floor, that the treaty is
regarded as prejudicial to those interests. -This
being the case, we get 110 "reciprocity" under
this fishing grant.
We have only the privilege of navigating the
river St, Lawrence and the canals of Canada, to
fall back upon; and if we donotfind" reciprocity"
here, we may as well abandon, the search.
The anticipated advantages to be derived from
the free navigation of the St. Lawrence have
proved utterly delusive. That river is ice-bound
nearly half the year; and when it is open, our
navigators do not see fit to avail themselves of the
privilege of using it. Since the ratification of the
treaty, up to the'closing of navigation in 1859, it
appears, by official statements, that only forty
American vessels, with only twelve thousand five
hundred and fifty tons burden, had passed seaward
through that river, and only nineteen vessels, with
only five thousand four hundred and forty-six
tons burden, had returned from sea through the
same channel. And this is the sum total of all
the much vaunted benefits we were to derive from
the free navigation of the St. Lawrence. Was it
for this that we sacrificed an annual revenue of
$2,000,000? Was it for this that wq threw open
our ports to all the agricultural products of the
British provinces, to surfeit our markets, already
made plethoric by the productions of our own
soil ? Was it for this that we put it in the power
of the Canadian Parliament to drive the products
of our workshops and manufactories from her
marts, by the imposition of onerous taxes upon
them? Was it for this that we struck down the
value of our timber lands, and visited disaster and
ruin upon many enterprising citizens who were
engaged in the lumbering business? Is it for this
that capital and enterprise are being driven out of
our own country, and transplanted to a foreign
soil ?
But, sir, even this miserable privilege of nav-
igating the St. Lawrence was only granted to us
upon the condition that British subjects should
have the right freely to navigate Lake Michigan
with their vessels, boats, and ciafts, so long as the
privilege of navigating the St. Lawrence should
be enjoyed by American citizens. And now let
us see how these reciprocal privileges compare,
as to results. In the year 1857 one hundted and
nine British vessels cleared from the single port
of Chicago, on Lake Michigan—freighted, doubt-
less, mainly by the products of our great grain
growing region of the Northwest—to the great
detriment of our own ship-owners and carriers.
Thus, it will be seen, that instead of receiving
any benefits from the privilege of navigating the
St. Lawrence, to compensate for the large con-
cessions of the treaty, we only obtained that
privilege by granting a similar one to British sub-
jects, of ten times its value.
I object, furthermore, to this article in respect
to the navigation of the St. Lawrence, that, by
receiving it as a favor for a limited period, and
for an expressed and continuing consideration,
we preclude ourselves from taking the higher and
true ground, that it belongs to us by the law of
nations. That is a position we ought never to
yield. We occupied it in respect to the Missis-
sippi, when Louisiana belonged to a foreign Pow-
er. It is the position to which the publicists of
Europe have been steadily tending since the trea-
ties of 1815, which terminated the great wars of
Napoleon, and it is even more imperatively de-
manded by the geography of this continent. We
are insisting upon it at this time in the interest of
our commerce with the nations upon the valleys
of the great rivers of South America, and we
ought not to abandon it in our own case, as the
occupants of a part of the upper valley of the St.
Lawrence. And yet, accepting this privilege of
outlet to the sea as a purchased favor under this
treaty, why are we not estopped from claiming
it as our right under the law of nations?
The privilege of navigating the canals of Can-
ada, communicating between the great lakes and
the ocean, with our vessels, boats, and crafts, on
payment'of the same tolls as are charged to Brit-
ish subjects, was no new privilege granted by the
treaty. It is a privilege which we had enjoyed
before, without any treaty stipulation on the sub-
ject, and which it would have been the height of.
folly, on the part of the Canadian government,
to have withdrawn from us. These canals were
built for the purpose of drawing the traijp of our
western States to the ports of Montreal and Que-
bec; and to close them against our vessels would
not only defeat the object for which they were
created, but diminish the revenues derivable there-
from. We need no treaty .stipulations to protect
us against an act so suicidal. And yet we are not
permitted to enjoy this privilege even, in the true
spirit in which it was granted. By a regulation
of the Canadian government, wheat, flour, and
corn, passing through the Welland canal, only
twenty-eight miles in length, are charged the same
tolls as if they also passed through all the St.
Lawrence canals to the ocean. These articles
constitute almost the entire freight of our vessels
passing through the Welland canal, and not one
in twenty of our vessels pass through any other
canal but that. Although this regulation applies
as well to British vessels as to our own, yet as
nearly all the wheat, flour, and corn, transported
by the Welland canal, is carried by American
vessels, the hardship falls almost exclusively upon
American interests. The regulation, therefore,
practically operates as an odious discrimination
against us.
Mr. Chairman, 1 have now gone through with
my indictment against this misnamed " recipro-
city treaty." In the limited time allotted to me,
I have only been able to arraign it upon some of
its most glaring enormities; nor could I attempt
to elaborate an argument upon a single count m
the indictment. The treaty is the parentof along
line of minor evils, which have either sprung di-
rectly from its loins, or resulted from acts of the
Canadian Parliament, which never would have
been passed if the treaty had not been in exist-
ence. All these I have been compelled to pass
over entirely.
And nowrsir, having shown some of the evils
of this treaty, I come to the important question,
what is the appropriate remedy for them? Must
we quietly submit to them for five years longer,
and then merely give notice that we desire to
terminate the treaty at the end of another year?
Sir, I am opposed to this dilatory action. I would
strike at once at the root of the evil by abrogating
the treaty, if that bo practicable; and if not, I
would lop off its branches by a lesoit to every
kind of retaliatory legislation within our power.
But, sir, in my judgment, we have a right to
abrogate this treaty at once. It has been persist-
ently violated in its spirit, if not in its letter, by
the Canadian government, ever since the day that .
it was ratified. Its avowed and manifest objects
have been wholly perverted, and it has been used
as a means of defeating and utterly abolishing the
international policy which it was intended to fos-
ter and build up. For years before this treaty
was made, the British Government, through her
accredited diplomatic agents, had been urging
upon our Government the importance of entering
into some arrangement to facilitate trade and com-
merce between this country and the neighboring
British colonies, for the mutual and reciprocal
benefit of the people of both countries. Thatthe
treaty was intended to promote trade in both di-
rections—to increase the sales of our products to
the people of the British colonies, as well as our
purchases of their products, is a proposition that
does not admit of a doubt. To assume that our
Government would have entered into it, with the
understanding that it was to be the foundation of
a policy which should close the ports of the Brit-
ish colonies against all the products of this coun-
try which could find a market there, while admit-
ting all the exportable products of those colonies
to unrestricted access to our markets, would be
to assume that our Government had deliberately
and maliciously conspired against the interests of
its own citizens for the advantage of strangers
and aliens. If the history of the negotiations
which led to the treaty were wholly blotted out,
reason and common sense would forbid any such
assumption. The object of the treaty was form-
ally declared, in the preamble, to be, " to regu-
late the commerce and navigation between their
respective territories and people, and more espe-
