I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
-m
36tii Cong-..,. 1st Sess.
Equality of Rights in the Territories-—Mr. Bluhe.
Ho. oe
cially between her Majesty's possessions in North
America and the United States, in such manner as
to render the same reciprocally beneficial and satis-
factory." Now,sir, when a treaty, whose objects
are thus solemnly declared by its own language,
is so perverted by one party as to utterly defeat
those objects, and produce directly opposite re-
sults, is the other party bound to adhere to it?
That such has been the effect of the legislation
of the Canadian Parliament, since the ratification
of the treaty, is undeniable. - They have not only
annually increased their imposts upon all the
predictions of this country which seek their
markets, but they have so modified their tariff
laws as practically to discriminate against im-
portations from this country, in favor of all other
countries.
The tendency of their legislation has been to
compel the people of Canada to purchase their
imports from any other country upon earth, in
preference to the country to which they sell their
exports. The effect has been, a rapid decline in
our export trade to Canada, over since the ratifi-
cation of the treaty. And now, by their late
tariff act of 1859 they have increased these duties
to such a point, as must henceforth almost anni-
hilate our export trade to that country. Sir, had
the Canadian Parliament aright, immediately upon
the ratification of the treaty, to pass a law abso-
lutely prohibiting all importations from this coun-
try, except of the articles specified in the treaty?
Can anybody doubt that such legislation would
have been in flagrant violation of the treaty ? Will
anybody contend that we should be bound by the
treaty in the face of such legislation ? And if
Canada could not, consistently with the treaty,
at once lay an absolute embargo upon importa-
tions from this country, can she gradually effect^
the same result by increasing her imposts from
year to year, and so modifying her tariff laws as
to discriminate against it?
Sir, as the avowed objcct of this treaty was,
according to its own terms, "to regulate com-
merce and navigation" between the two countries
in "such manner us to render the same recipro-
cally beneficial and satisfactory,1' anyactby either
party tending to prohibit and abolish such com-
merce, is not only a violation of the* spirit of the
treaty, but of its express letter. When the treaty,
Betting out with this broad and liberal declaration
of its objects, went on to specify certain enumer-
ated articles which should be admitted into each
country from the other, entirely free of duty, was
there not an implied agreement that articles not ;
specified should continue to b^admtttud into each j
country on at least as favorable terms as then ex- j
isted ? It appears to me, sir, that any other con- |
struction of the treaty makes it an instiurnent to j
defeat the very policy and objects winch, accord- j
ing to its own terms, it was intended to foster and |
promote. # j
Mr. Chairman,no one holds our treaty obliga- j
tions more sacred than I do. I would perform, j
with scrupulous fidelity, all our international en- j
gagements, without stopping to weigh theadvant- j
ages, so long as good faith was kept towards us j
on the other side. But when a treaty, imposing 1
mutual obligations and duties, is persistently vio- ,
lated, circumvented, and perverted by one party, !
I hold that it ceases to impose obligations on the j
other. In such a case, the injured party has a •
twofold remedy. It can either appeal to the last j
arbiter of nations, to compel the delinquent party
to perform its duty; or it can annul the tieaty,
and drive the othei'party to offensive measures,
if she does not choose to submit. Sir, in my
judgment, this choice of remedies is presented to
us m respect to this treaty. If the treaty, faith-
fully performed on both sides, would inure to our
benefit, it might be policy to hold the other party
to its strict performance. But inasmuch as it will
operate to our disadvantage many event, I would
resort to the other remedy—annul it, and take the
consequences. Entertaining these views, it is my
intention,at an early day, to introduce a bill to re-
peal the act of Atigust 5, 1854, to carry into effect
the provisions of this treaty, and the act amend-
atory thereto, approved March 2, 1855—with a
clause declaring all imports from the British North
American provinces subject to the same duties
as are imposed upon imports from other coun-
tries.
New Series—No. 27,
EQUALITY OF EIGHTS IN THE TEE11IT01UE3.
SPfiECH OF HON. H. G. BLAKE,
OF OIIIO;
In the House of Representatives,
June 12, 1860.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. BLAKE said:
ii Let lis have faith that right makes might; and in that faith
let us, to the end, dare to do ovr dutif a? we understand i£."
That sentiment, Mr. Chairman, of Abraham
Lincoln, is worthy the head and the heart of the
standard-bearer of the Republican party, and
should form the text for action of every honest
man.
Mr. Chairman, on the 27th day of last March,
I had the honor to move in this House a pream-
ble and resolution, which I regarded as simply
announcing a self-evident principle, and propos-
ing a very harmless inquiry. But gentlemen on
the other side, who are always on the look-out
for "incendiary" matter, and whose greatest
trouble appears to be that we furnish them so little
that they can brand as such, thought they discov-
ered in it what their morbid appetites so much
crave, and they seized upon it with an avidity
which nothing, save the Helper book, has excited
since the commencement of the present session.
No time would be allowed for debate, and noth-
ing could be said at the time to explain the objects
of the resolution; but the House was driven to
an immediate vote.
Some Republicans, I infer, apprehended that
there might be some latent mischief in it, not dis-
coverable to the naked eye, as they recorded their
votes agams it. And even some who voted for it
are perhaps rather disposed to apologize for the act
than to defend it. The preamble was never voted
upon at all, and no member of the House has in-
curred any icsponsibility by indorsing it. If it
contains anything "treasonable" or "incendi-
ary," I must bear the odium of it alone, having
no one to divide the responsibility with me. But,
after a careful review of both the preamble and
the lesolution, I can discover nothing in either to
retract or apologize for—nothing which I am un-
willing to stand up to and defend—nothing but
what the honest judgment of every thinking ma;J
in the nation will say is clearly right. I askjS^
to have the preamble and icsolution.read.
They were read, as follows:
" Wht>rea-  the ehattchzing of mankind and th'  holding
of pei-sons a-. propeiiy are eontiaiy to i>atura! justice and
the fundamental principles of out political system, and aie
notonou-ly aiepiuach to our country throughout the civil-
ized world, and ;i mtioiw hmderatKv to the progress of r«-
publican liberty among the nations of the earth: Therefore,
"Resoh-ed, That tin* Committee on the Judiciary he,
and the banie are hereby, instructed to inquire into the ex-
pediency of ieportin«*a bill giving freedom to eveiy human
being and interdicting blavery vviierevei Congress has the
constitutional power to legislate on the mbji'ct."
Mr. BLAKE. Now, sii, what is the first prop-
osition contained in this "ternble" preamble?
It is, that the holding of persons as property—
making slaves of men, women and children—is
contrary to natural justice. Does any one dis-
pute this? Will any gentleman contend that one
man can have a natural right of property in an-
other man? If so, I am not disposed toaiguethe
question with him; for I am sure that man's mind
must be so intrenched behind a mountain of pre-
judice, that no argument could ever reach it; and
it requires more powers of reasoning than I claim
to possess, to make a 8"lf-evidcnt proposition
more evident It is true, my colleague [Mr. Stan-
ton] did, a few days since, condescend to argue
this question briefly; and if anybodyever suc-
ceeded m making a self-evident truth more appa-
rent, he is entitled to that credit. No one, I pre-
sume, will venture to dispute the proposition laid
down by him, that in the case of two men cast
upon an uninhabited island, one could have no
right to enslave the other, and make him his prop-
erty, unless, indeed, one should happen to be a
white man and the other a negro. In that case,
it may be that some gentleman would contend,
that the white man would have a natural right to
enslave the negro.
But how much would the right of the white
man amount to, if the negro should, in a trial of
strength, prove the stronger of the two, and en--
slave the white man ?' The nc^fo, in that case, -
would show that he possessed the natural right
to enslave the white man.
But, sir, slavery in this country is not based
upon the theory that the white man has a natural-
right to hold tfee negro in bondage. - ir it were, -
a man in whom the white blood largely predoro- •
inated could not be held as a slave. Me-WOuld;
have a natural right to lord it over some darker-
skinned brother, instead of being doome<! to per-
petual servitude himself. But you hold a roan in
slavery, who is born of a slave mother, without-
reference to the amount of negro btood in his veins..
According to the census of 1850, there were -at
that time in the slave States two hundred and v
forty-six thousand six hundred and thirty-five
mulatto slaves. A man having so slight an ad-
mixture of negro blood that you can discover no
difference between him and the pure Caucasian,.
is, to all intents and purposes, a white man; and.
yet such men are held in slavery. Now, sir, if
the relation of master and slave depended upon
the natural right of the white man to enslave the
negro, what would be the condition of a person
seven eighths white, and only one eighth black ?
Could you hold the seven eighths of white blood
m bondage, because one eighth of negro blood
flowed in Xhe same veins? Would notsuch a per-
son have just seven times as much right to his.
freedom as any one could have to hold him in
bondage ? According to this theory, of a natural
right in the white man to hold the negro in sla-
very, it is clear that a person in whom the blood *
of the white race predominated could not be held
as a slave. And if sou#iern gentlemen plant them-
selves upon this theory, and carry it out to its
legitimate results, they will find that a process is
now going on among them which will prove
vastly more destructive to their interests in slave
properly than any underground railroad or John
brown raid.
Perhaps it may be claimed, however, that the
slightest admixture of negro blood so taints the
whole as to reduce the unfortunate person in
wlpose veins it flows to the legal status of a fuil-
bKooded negro. But this theory will not'hold
good; because, in some, if not all of the slave
States, you permit a man of negro blood, and even
a full-blooded negro, if free himself, to hold slaves.
In some instances the master has a much larger
proportion of negro blood m his veins than some
of those he holds m slavery. Now, if slavery
was based upon the theory of a natural right in
the white man to enslave the negro, this could not
be. The negro or the mulatto could not hold the
quadroon in slavery. Carry out the theory, and
you would reverse their positions-*-making the
slave the master, and the master the slave.
But I have pursued this argument far enough,
and I trust that I have satisfied my southern
friends that their system of slavery is not" based
upon the theory of a natural right in one man to
hold another man as property, if so, X hope they
are also satisfied that the first averment in the
preamble—which is simply a denial of the exist-
ence of any such natural right—is not " incendi-
ary." It is, in fact, what Thomas Jefferson, in
better language and with greater power, declared ■
on the 4th of July, 1776:
" We hold these truths to be self-evideut: that all men
are cieatud equal; that they are endowed by tlieir Creator
with certain inalienable* rights; that among these aie Ufe, *
hbeity, and the pursuit of happiness. That, to secure these J
nght>, Governments are instituted among men, deriving w
their ju*t poweis from the consent of the governed."
The next proposition contained in the preamble
is, that the holding of persons as property is
"contrary to the fundamental principles of our
political system." Will any gentleman deny
this?
Sir, when our fathers resolved to sever their
connection with the mother country, and set up a
new political system for themselves and their pos-
terity, they proclaimed to the world, by a solemn
declaration, the cardinal principles which it was
their object to establish and maintain. Where,
then, shall we look for an authoritative announce-
ment of the fundamental principles upon which
our political system is based, if not to that dec-
laration ? And if we look tQ that, what do we find ?
The very first great principle announced in that
instrument is, " that all men are created equal."
