1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2803;
Mi'. BURNETT. I hope the gentleman will
not insist on consuming the time of the House, j
The bill will be read, section by scction, for
amendment in the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. HOARD, I want to hear it read.
The Clerk read the bill in, extenso.
Mr. GARTER. 1 move that the bill be put
upon its passage, and I call the previous question.
Mr. BURNETT. If the gentleman insists on
that motion, I shall move to lay his'bill upon the
table.
Mr. CARTER. I withdraw the previous ques-
tion for the purpose of allowing the gentleman to
offer his substitute.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to submit a ques-
tion to the Chair as to the particular position
which this bill occupies. House bill No. 7G8,
reported by the gentleman from Maryland [Mr.
Hughes] upou this same subject, granting fran-
chises for a railroad along Pennsylvania avenue
connecting with Georgetown, has been referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, and is now in that committee. 1 de-
sire to know, that bill having been reported first,
and placed upon the Calendar, whether the gen-
tleman from JNew York, in offering the bill now,
is not required to report his bill as an amendment
to House bill No. 7(38?
The SPEAKER 'pro tempore. The Chair sup-
poses not.
. Mi. BURNETT. Then I offer as an amend-
ment to his bill Senate bill No. SOI. and then I
offer as a substitute for both those bills House
bill No. 76-S, if I can do so.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That would not
be in order.
Mr. BURNETT. Then I offer the amend-
ment.
Nov.-, Mr. Speaker, I desire to say a word to j
the House, and 1 will only detain it a moment. ;
As an original proposition, I am opposed to mar-
ring the beauty of Pennsylvania avenue by any
railway. I would vote against granting these
franchises to a.iy company to construct a railroad
along Pennsylvania avenue as an original propo-
sition. I do not believe that the population of
the cities of Washington and Georgetown, at this
time, demands a street railway. I believe that
when the population of these cities shall reach
such a number as to demand for the transit of
passeng'-'rs along the streets a city railway, then
that railway ought to pass over some other street
than Pennsylvania avenue. Hence 1 do not com-
mit myself to any of the bills now before the
House lor the construction of a city railway. I
shall vote first against building a road at ail; but
if the House shall determine to build a road, as a
matter of couise, I have my choice between the
various propositions now pending. X move that
the bill and amendment be referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state ot the Union,
and, unless the gentleman from New York de-
sires lo add, ess the House, I will call the previous
Question.
* Mr CARTER. I believe I have the floor.
Mr. BURNETT. I will yield to the gentle-
man from New York.
Mr. CARTER. I had the floor, and I only
yielded to the gentleman from Kentucky to ofter
Ins amendment.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Tli.it is a matter
of veiy little consequence,as the gentlemanliom
New Yoi k has the door now.
Mi. CARTER. Do i hold it under the gen-
tleman from Kentucky?
Mr. BURNETT. 1 do not care how the gen-
tleman holds it: I yield to him. But I desire to
make it suggestion to hull. He will see that,un-
less we go'ii.to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, now, and act oil these InlK
there is very little prospect of passing any one of
thf.n. it' we into the Committee ot the W hole
now, we fduili at least have a chance ofconsidei-
ini; the vinous propositions, and passing' that
wiiu-h u* most acceptable to the House.
Air. CARTER. I have no particular preference
as to how the bills arc taken up. i have repotted
tins one, because I think it the heal bill foi the
ciusuna of the District. It is aln'd which g^cs
the road to the citizens of the District. J he other
bill, if I understand it, gives a monopoly of tnc
road to an outside and foreign corporation, i
think, if any such puvileges are to be granted,
they should be granted to the citizens of this Dis-
trict; and this bill so provides. I
This bill provides for the appointment of com-
missioners, who shall open books, and give the
citizens of the District the privilege of coming in
and participating in the benefits of this road. 1
apprehend that when the members of the House
come to examine these various bills, they will see
that this is the only one to be passed. 1 have no
personal feelings about it. I have merely brought
the business of the District before the House to-
day, according to my best judgment, leaving it
for them to say whether they will pass these
bills or not. I have done my duty in bringing
them before the House, and whether they shall
pass, or be defeated, is all the same to me.
Mr. HUGHES. I do not propose, at this stage
of the proceedings, to make any extended remarks
upon this subject.
Mr. BURNETT. I hope the gentleman will
allow the bill to go to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, without further
HUGHES. Very well; let it go.
Mr. BURNETT. I move the previous ques-
tion upon the motion to commit.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The bill was then referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. CARTER. I move now that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr BARR. I have a little bill here, which it
will not take five minutes to pass. I hope my
colleague will give way for that.
Mr. CARTER. I will not object, if no other
member does.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I object.
Mr. CARTER. I then insist 011 my motion.
The motion was agreed to.
So the inles were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Wash-
burne, of Illinois, 111 the chair,) and proceeded to
consider the Calendar of business for the District
of Columbia.
DISTRICT HOSPITAL.
The CHAIRMAN. The business first in order
is the consideration of House bill No. 552, a bill
to incorporate the regents of a general hospital
for the District of Columbia.
Mr. CARTER. I wish to inquitc, for inform-
ation, whether the bills cannot he taken up 011 the
Calendar as they aie called for, or whether they
must be taken up 111 their order?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state, in
reply to the gentleman from New York, that the
bills must he taken up in their order on the Cal-
endar; but it will be 111 order for him to move to
pass over any bill which he does not desire now
to consider.
Mr. SHERMAN. I surest to the gentleman
from New York that this bill be laid aside, with
1 recommendation that it pass.
Mr. CARTER. I have an amendment to pro-
pose to this bill, if it is to be Considered now.
Ml. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to propose
a substitute for the bill.
Mr.TOMPKINS. I move to lay the bill aside,
to be reported to the House with a recommenda-
tion that it do not pass.
Mr. CARTER. If there is to be a controveisy
about the bill, I think we had better pass it over;
and I make that motion.
The motion was agreed lo.
, vniSIIINGTON SCHOOL LOT.
The bill of the Senate No. 200 directing; the con-
veyance of a lot of ground for the use of the pub.ic
schools in Washington city, being next upon the
Calendar, w.is taken up for consideration.
Mr. CARTER moved that the bill be laid aside,
to be reported 10 the House with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
Mr. BURNETT called for tellers upon the
m Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. McPiierson
aiid Rest were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 87, noes 33. ,
So the hill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
GUARDIAN SOCIETY AS AIM.
The bill of the House No. 766 to incorporate •
the Guardian Society, and reform juvenile offend- •
ers, in the District of Columbia, being next in
order on the Calendar, was taken up for consider-
ation.
Mr. CARTER. I move that that bill be laid
aside, to be reported to the House with the rec-
ommendation that it do pass.
Mr. REAGAN. I move to amend the title of
the bill, so that it shall read, " A bill to interrupt
the administration of public justice in the District
of Columbia."
Mr. BURNETT. I think that bill had better
be informally passed over. I move that it be
passed over.
The motion was agreed to.
PHARMACEUTICAL ASSOCIATION—AGAIN.
The bill of the House No. 767 to incorporate
the American Pharmaceutical #Association in
Washington city, in the District of Columbia,
being next 111 order on the Calendar, was taken
up for consideration.
Mr. BURNETT. I move to amend that bill
by striking out the sixth section. I desire to say
that I have read the bill very carefully. The
sixth scction confers upon this association power
to hold their sessions outside of the District of
Columbia. I do not think Congress has the
right to give them that power. I want that sec-
tion stricken out, so as to limit their authority to
the District, and then I am for the bill.
Mr. JONES. I move to amend the amend-
ment, as follows:
And thru the persons hereby incorpoiated give bond and
security that they themselves keep and sell pure drugs.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is not
in order.
Mr. JONES. Here is a proposition to incor-
porate a certain association, having nominally
tor its object the selling of pure drugs; yet there
is not one word in the bill which gives any secu-
rity that they will sell purer drugs than any
other apothecary.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to say just this in
response. If the gentleman will examine the
bill, he will see that the object of the bill is only'
to secure, if possible, an improvement in the
men who are engaged in the drug business. I
find, from an examination of their report made
in 1859, that a large number of the most influen-
tial drug houses in the United States are members
of this association. Their object is to guard us
against the sale of impure drugs. All this bill
does is merely to incorporate the gentlemen
named. It is a mere act of ordinary incorpora-
tion. It grants them no extraordinary powers,
and what objection any gentleman can have to
it I cannot understand.
Mr. PEYTON. I have a single word to say
in reference to this bill. There is perhaps no man
in this House who knows better than I do the
injury which is often sustained by practitioners
of medicine from being compelled to give drugs
to their patients about which they know nothing,
and which are frequently wholly u#fit for use.
The whole object of this bill, as 1 understand it,
is to provide, as far as possible, that there may be
a pure article of medicine sold by druggists and
physicians. Men often go into the business of
selling drugs who are wholly unfit for it them-
selves. This association, I believe, examine drugs,
and when they have placed their stamp upon
them it is true that the druggists may charge a
higher price for the articles thus stamped, but
every patient is willing to pay an advanced price
for the security he thus receives in respect to the
quality of the article. That is the whole object
of the association. I do not see how any gentle-
man upon this floor can possibly object to it.
Mr. NOELL. The gentleman from Kentucky
has furnished some very good reasons why this
bill ought not to pass. If the Congress of the
United States has nothing else to do except to go
into the incorporation of people engaged in the
various trJldcs in the country, I think we had
better break up the establishment. This bd
amounts to nothing more nor less than the incor-
poration of a large drug establishment; and if we
are to spend our time in matters of this kind, 1
think the sooner we go home the better.
Mr. JONES. I ask for a vote upon my amend-
mcnt.
