1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1861
MEMORIAL REFERRED.
Mr. CURRY, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a memorial of the General Assembly of the
State of Alabama, asking the allowance of interest
on the two and three per cent, funds, the payment
of which was withheld by the Government; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. GARTRELL. I move that the rules be
suspended, a^d that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I suppose I cannot
rise to a question of privilege in the Committee of
the Whole, and therefore I desire to do so now,
if the gentleman from Georgia will withhold his
motion for a few minutes.
Mr. GARTRELL. Certainly.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
ThcJSPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Pres-
ident of the United States, in compliance with
resolutions of the House of Representatives of
the 2d of March, 1859, and of the 26th ultimo,
requesting information in reference to.discrimina-
tions in Switzerland against citizens of the United
States of the Hebrew persuasion, transmitting a
report of the Secretary of State, with the docu-
ments by which it was accompanied; which was
laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of State, trans-
mitting, in compliance with a resolution of the
House of Representatives of the 6th instant, a
copy of a report of Henry R. Crosbie, Esq., rel-
ative to the occupation of the Island of San Juan;
which was laid upon the table, and ordered to be
printed.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire the atten-
tion of the House for a few moments to a matter
of personal explanation. Day before yesterday
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] ad-
dressing the committee, said:
"Tlien, sir, Maryland tolerntsd open and active efforts
among lier citizens lor the abolition of domestic slavery.
Then Kentucky toleiated like efforts, for the abolition of "-la-
yer v among hercitizcns; and Vmjiniasawandfeltincveiy
fibe'i of her existence that she mu.it either tlirow oft that
giant wrong or perish by reason of its continuance."
My ear caught those remarks; and as I sup-
posed the gentleman from Ohio did not desire to
do any injustice to my State, I sought to correct
his statement; but objection was made, and 1 did
not get tlie opportunity fairly to reply. I aid
succeed, however, in getting out the remarks which
follow:
" .Mi. Smith, of Virginia. I do not want die gentleman
to say that Vienna d.d that. Some of lier politicians did
it, but Virginia lepudiated it."
The gentleman from Ohio replied:
" I am speaking of her politicians ; and I wish to say that
then, ever «inee, and now. the South bad and has men su-
perior to all Mich nairow, bigoted, selfbh, mercenary preju-
dices and practices.; but, unhappily, the gentleman fiom.
Vnginia is not one ot thriu. Whatever pietcsts may liayd*
been urged, the real puipo«e of the South in assailing this
polic\ of protection was to secure an advantage to the tlave
owners nt the South at the expense or the free laborers of
the wbofe country, North and South."
It will be observed, sir, that here is a broad
denunciation of the entire South—of Virginia es-
# pceialiy—that the great body of her people are
narrow, bigoted, selfish, mercenary, engaged in
such practices and prejudices; and that I am one
of them. Do I understand the gentleman from
Ohio as meaning what he there says?
Mr. BINGHAM. I moan just what 1 said—
exactly what I said.
Mr.'SMlTH, of Virginia. Very well, sir; then
that is a charge. It is a foul calumny; and the
man who utters it, after the opportunity to recant
it, is a deliberate calumniator. I have nothing
more to .say, sir.
Mr. BINGHAM. It is not very likely, Mr.
Speaker, that the gentleman's declaration will en-
able him to strike out the facts of history. The
matter to which I referred here the gentleman has
not read. He read, what I believe he will con-
cede is true, these words:
'•Then, sir, Maryland tolerated open and active efforts
among her citizen-- for the abolition of domestic slavery.^
Then Kentucky tohuated like effort* for the abolition ot
elaveiy among lier citizens; and Vngmia saw and ielt in
every liber of her existence that she must either throw on
tliat giant wrong or perish by reason of its continuance.'
That is what the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Smith] has read from my speech. The truth of
it he cannot deny, or successfully controvert; and
yet, sir, he seeks to make an issue with me by
attempting, without justification or excuse, toap-
ply other language, uttered by me to the politi-
cians of the South, to the whole people of the
South. No words of mine—no words reported
as mine—-justify any such charge or complaint
as the gentleman makes.
He undertakes, by his statement, to put me
falsely before the country. I have stated to the
gentleman that I meant what I said, and I stand
by it. Ji stand, by it because it is a fact of history;
because it has been struck into the adamant of the
past. There itwill remain forever,and no amount
of vituperation, abuse, or denunciation from that
gentleman can strike it out. This is what I said ,
in connection with what followed, touching the
politicians of the South, and which the gentleman
omitted to read:
" It was then, sir, that in the South this sectional strife
was again renewed, by opposing emancipation and by mak-
ing war upon the great and beneficent policy of protection
to free labor. That strife was by the South brought into
these Ilalls, and here inaugurated, by demanding that the
system of protecting and encouraging the tree labor of the
free men of this country by legislation should be abandoned.
That sectional party in the South, then as now, ostracized
every open and avowed friend of emancipation and of pro-
tection to free labor."
That sentiment of mine, I say to-day, is unhap-
pily true; and it is useless for the gentleman to
deny it. It was after I had made that remark
that the gentleman interposed and said:
" F do not want the gentleman to state that Virginia did
that."
That Virginia did what, sir? That she made
war on the system of protecting the free labor of
this country by national legislation? That she
ostracized the open and avowed friends of eman-
cipation? I say, sir, to-day, that the South, in-
cluding Virginia, making "the same exceptions
that I made in my speech—saving, expressly,
those in the South who have been superior to
such narrow, bigoted prejudices—hus, for the last
thirty years, made war, as a scction of this Union,
on the system of protecting the free labor of free
men by congressional legislation, and has ostra-
cized the friends of emancipation in that section
of the community. Every man who knows any-
thing of the current events of our own history
knows that statement to be true. And to-day,
sir, to-day, it would cost a man his life to rise
deliberately in the Legislature of Virginia and
announce a sentiment 111 favor of emancipation,
such as I referred to as having been announced by
some of her most distinguished sons in the mem-
orable debate of 1835. I do not know that there
is anything more common than for men to bo
expelled from the State—citizens of the State—
for but announcing sentiments of that kind.
* It is but a few years since that Mr. Underwood
was driven away from the State of Virginia.
Where was the gentleman, who is now so anxious
to vindicate the honor of Virginia and the rights
of free specch, when Mr. Underwood, his neigh-
bor, was driven from the State because, as a cit-
izen of the State, he insisted on the right of dis-
cussing this question among her people, and dared
to attend the Republican convention, at the city
of*Philadelphia, m 1856? The gentleman will
hardly undertake to deny that that is a fact. I
happen to know, myself, that a large mob assem-
bled within the State of Virginia for the avowed
purpose of suppressing a peaceable assembly^of
citizens that convened in the city of Wheeling
within the last few years for the purpose of hold-
ing a Republican meeting.
This is the matter to which I referred; and I
say, m this connection, that I spoke of the politi-
cians of the South. The gentleman is not at lib-
erty to say, in view of the language uttered by mo,
and which is truly reported as it was uttered by
mo on that occasion, that I included everybody
in the South. I spoke expressly of the politicians.
I said: li I am speaking of the politicians of the
South." I spoke of those who control her public
affairs. I spoke of those who give direction to her
public opinion. I said u that the South had and
has now within her borders, men superior to all
such narrow, bigoted, mercenary prejudices." I
say " mercenary," sir, and I mean precisely what
I do say. 1 say that this prejudice in the South,
against the friends of emancipation residing there,
and against the fi iends of free labor, rests on noth-
ing in God's worlcTbut mercenary considerations.
It is the wealthy men of the South who have their
investments in slaves, who ostracize the friends of
emancipation, and oppose the system of protection
to free labor. These gentlemen apprehend that if
free speech is tolerated and free labor protected by
law, free labor might attain in their midst to such
dignity and importance as would bring into disre-
pute the system of slave labor, and brwg'about, if
you please, gradual emancipation, thereby inter-
fering with the profits of these gentlemen. In
other words, it would hurt the business of Deme-
trius, the silversmith.
I have said all, Mr. Speaker, that it is fit forme
to say in justification of the truth of what I ut-
tered in my speech. If the gentleman fsom Vir-
ginia will reflect for a mopient, he will discover
that, in view of the very words which I did utter,
and which arc faithfully reported here, he can
never justify himself in what he has said, namely:
that I made this remark of the entire South. There
stands my language, which excludes any such
conclusion:
"I am speaking of her politicians; and I wish to say that
then, ever since, and now, the South had and has men su-
perior to all such narrow, bigoted, selfish, mercenary preju-
dices and practices.5'
And I beg leave to say, in this connection,-that,
in my humble judgmcn t, that class of men to whom
I refer in that remark which I have just read, as
being superior to all such prejudices," do, in
fact, constitute a large majority of the people of
every southern State of the Union.
But unfortunately they have not the power-
that power which, in the South, is bred of wealth
and social f^sition—to make themselves felt po-
litically in that section of the community. That
is all I meant to say on this subject.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Nlr. Speaker, I de-
sire the attention of the House while I restate my
position, bccause I am very apt to be right in what
i say and in the positions I occupy. The House
will recollect, and I repeat it now, the language
used by the gentleman:
'•'Then, sir, Maryland tolerated open and active efforts
amongst her citizens for the abolition of domestic slavery.
Then'Kentucky tolerated like efforts for the abolition of
elavcry among her citizens; and Virginia saw and felt in
every tihei of her c^tence that she must either throw off
the giant wrong or perish by reason of its continuance."
There, sir, was the broad statement, covering
the whole Commonwealth: "Virginia saw and
felt this grievous wrong in every fiber of her ex-
istence, and that she must either throw off that
giant wrong or perish by reason of its continu-
ance." Then the gentleman goes on to enumer-
ate. He says, not as an illustration of the whole
of his broad proposition, but as one of the inci-
dents developing this general proposition:
'• Her Legislative Assembly about that time engaged in a
j debate on the question of the total abolition of the system i
j some of her ablest citizens insisting upon it, foremost
| among whom was a distinguished gentleman who,, but the
j other day, wa<? appointed our minister plenipotentiary to
I France, (Mr. Faulkner,) who repeated the expressive and
i prophetic admonition ot Jefferson: < You must adopt some
I! plan of emancipation, or worse will follow.'"
M The gentleman will see that that was but one
of the illustrations of a general proposition. The
proposition was, that Virginia felt in every fiber
of her system the necessity of throwing off this
giant wrong, or perishing by its continuance.
Many members will bear me out that I tried to
. get the floor. It was some time before I could get
even an opportunity to inject the words that are
reported. When I did, my object was to show
that it was not the act of Virginia, but of some of
her politicians. I said:
"I do not want the gentleman to say that Virginia did
that. Pome of her politicians did it, but Virginia repudi-
ated it."
Has she not done it, Mr. Speaker? The gen-
tleman talks about the truth of history. I ask the
gentleman whether she has not ever repudiated
it? Mr. Jefferson, her favorite son, (lid utter a doc-
trine, prior to the adoption of the Constitution,
tending directly to emancipation. Was Virginia
carried .away by it? She, in every stage of her
history as a great Commonwealth, repudiated the
sentiments of some of her most distinguished sons.
She did it on this occasion; but the gentleman,
regardless of this history, charged that Virginia
did what 1 quoted. My purpose was to make the
correction at the time, but I was prevented. I in-
truded the disclaimer as best I could.
