I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5 6 th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
Positions of Parties—Mr. Kelbgg.
Ho. of Reps.
emigrating to the Territories, but they are not
only much the smaller class, in point of numbers,
but the class least disposed to emigrate. The
most numerous classes of the population of the
South (the non-slaveholding classes) are as much
interested in excluding slavery from the Territo-
ries as the people of the free States. And they
are not only by far the most numerous class in
the South, but emphatically the emigrating class
of that section. Why, sir, there is no class of
people in the Union so eager to emigrate as the
non-slaveholders of the South. They do emi-
grate, just as fast as they can command the means
of so doing; and when they emigrate, they almost
invariably strike for free territory. They have
felt the heavy hand of slavery, pressing them to
the dust; and whenever they ca-ft, they flee from
it, as from a pestilence.
Sir, for every slaveholder that would be ex-
cluded from the Territories by prohibiting slavery
therein, at least twenty free laborers would be
excluded by establishing it; and yet we are told
that slavery must be permitted to go into all the
Territories, to secure equality of rights in them,
and to the southern States.
Sir, what kind of equality is that which incom-
modes twenty men to accommodate one-man?
What kind of equality is that which permits a
slaveholder to have a representation in the legis-
lation of the country based on his property in
slaves, and at the same time deprives the non-
slaveholder of any representation on his property ?
That is the kind of equality, sir, that the wolf
shows to the lamb, when he seizes and devours it.
There is something apparently paradoxical in
the proposition, that one portion of a community
must be permitted to hold another portion in
bondage, 111 order to produce equality of rights
and privileges. But when our southern friends
talk of equality of rights, they must be under-
stood as speaking aftei the manner of a certain
august tribunal, and as recognizing the doctrino
announced by it, that in this country negroes can
"hare no rights which white men are bound to
respect." They must be understood as exclud-
ing the negroes altogether from the class of men
who have any business to claim rights or privi-
leges. But, even conceding, for the sake of the
argument, (which I by no means admit to be
true,) the truth of this abominable dogma, it can
be shown that scarcely anything could so much
tend to inequality of rights in the Territories, to
the laboring men of this Republic, as to extend
slawry over them.
You may tell me that the non-slaveholders of
the South indicate by their votes that they are in
favor of taking slavery into the Territories—that
they aid m sending men here to advocate and vote
for that policy, and to threaten to dissolve the
Union if it is thwarted. Why, sir, these people
can scarcely be said to have any opinions of their
own on political subjects. It is one of the evils
tnat slavery inflicts upon them, that it keeps them
in poverty and ignorance, and builds up an aris-
tocracy to think for them and to govern.them.
Public opinion on political subjectsinthe slave-
holding States is dictated and controlled by the
slaveholding classes. Practically, they are the
only classes represented, either in Congress or in
then State Legislatures Although the non-slave-
holders of the South may appear to indicate by
their votes that they are in favor of extending
slavery over the Territories, yet when you bring
them to a practical test, you will find that they
understand where their interests he, however in-
consistent their votes and their political associa-
tions may appear to be with that idea. When
they come to emigrate, they will prove to you
that they prefer free territory to slave territory.
And,sir,inmy judgment, if you would give these
men the secret'ballot, such as the people of the
free States have, whereby they could give expres-
sion to their honest convictions ol duty, slavery
would not exist twenty years in any State of this
Union.
When these men come to emigrate they exer-
cise their'own judgment; while in the matter of
voting, as allowed to exercise that right in the
slave States, they act upon the opinion of others.
The statistics of emigration in this country will
show that while slavery in the South has proved
a powerful rcpellant to immigration from the free
States, freedom, in the States and Territories
where it has been established, has powerfully at-
tracted immigration from the slave States. If we
consult the census returns of 1850, we shall And
that the number of natives of slave States then
living in the free State's was nearly three times
that of the natives of free States living in the slave'
States. The same tables will show that Pennsyl-
vania then had nearly twice as^nanv immigrants
from slave States as Virginia had immigrants
from the free States. Ohio had nearly five times
as many natives of slave States within her limits
as Kentucky had natives of free States. These
returns show that in 1850 all the slave States that
have been added to the Union since its formation
did not, in the aggregate,contain as many immi-
grants from the free States as either Ohio, Indiana,
or Illinois did of immigrants from the slave States.
In fact, Indiana alone contained nearly as many
immigrants from the Slave States as all the slave
States together, including the old and the new,
did of immigrants from the free States. What a
commentary is this, sir, on the institution of sla-
very !
These statistics show clearly, that while slavery
repels immigration from the free States, freedom
attracts it from the slaves States. All the natuial
causes and inducements have been in favor of a
large emigration from the northern States to the
southern. The natural tendency of emigration is
southward rather than northward; from colder to
warmerclimates; from densely populatedregions,-
\vhere lands are dear, to more sparsely populated
regions, where they aie cheap.
in respect to climate, area of territory, and
cheapness of lands, the advantages have been
greatly in favor of the slaveholdmg States. Of the
original thirteen States, the slaveholdmg have an
area more than one third larger than the free; and
including all the States added to the Union up to
the year 1850, the slaveholding have more than
double the area of the free States. The old free
States have necessarily thrown off a large emi-
gration, for want of territory to accommodate
their rapidly-increasing populations. Naturally,
a Urge proportion of this emigration would have
been attracted by the mild climate and the cheap
and fertile lands of the sunny South. But the
curse of slavery was there, to counteract all the
attractions which a bountiful nature had lavished
upon the land, and to turn aside the current of
emigration which would otherwise have flowed
in upon it.
On the other hand, no such necessity for a large
en%ration from the slaveholdmg States has ever
existed. They have always had abundance of
room, and abundance of good and cheap lands
within their own limits, to supply ail the wants
of an increasing population. Yet, in spite of all
these inducements to remain, slavery has driven
out vast hordes of their people, to seek new homes
in more northern latitudes, whore, although the
summer sun may shine less brightly, the vernal
and autumnal breezes may blow less softly, and
the blasts of winter may howl more fiercely, the
glorious light of liberty sheds its benign influence
upon society, and the moral atmosphere is never
chilled by the blighting breath of slavery.
Mr. Chairman, no other one class of people has
contributed so much to the population of that
great north western region, consecrated to freedom
by the ordinance of 1787, as the non-slaveholders
of the South. No people on the face of the earth
have ever been so much benefited by emigrating
as they have.
Transplanted to a land where honest labor ele-
vates arid ennobles man, instead of depressing and
degrading him, they have been raised from a con-
dition little better than serfdom, to that of sover-
eigns. They have become loids of the soil, and
leaders in great enterprises. Their children have
received the benefits of our common schools and
our academies of learning, and become qualified
for those high places which, in their own coun-
try, were seldom filled but from the slaveholding
classes. You will find them largely represented
in our learned professions and in our legislative
assemblies. We send them to this Hall, and to
the other branch of the national Legislature, to
bear testimony to the wisdom and beneficence of
that great Jeffcrsoman policy which forever ex-
cluded slavery and involuntary servitude from the
goodly land which they inhabit, and to protest
against the abandonment of that policy. V
And now, sir, we have selected one of th£ n<*«*
blest,scions of that stock to l'ea,d on the hosts'of'
freedom to the victory which awaits us in th£'
great contest which is so near at-hand. JRrraJirxm'
Lincoln is a fit representative in this great "battle5
between freedom and slavery, to Je&d the laboring'
men of the nation. He is Srtjly a representative^
man; he represents in his own person the gjfeat
blessings of freedom over sfavery". "Witlf Clod's
blessing, we will bear him in triumph to the^
presidential mansion, there to administer th^Gov-
ernment on the principles of Washington and1
Jefferson, and to have a care to some other inter-
ests of this great country of ours, tlian the rig-fat'
of man to property in his fellow-man. Underthe
lead of this great champion of territorial free-
dom, we expect to bring back this Government to
the principles and policy of its founders. Under
his Administration, I trust in God, we shall' feet
bounds to the progress of human slavery, and
consccrate to freedom every foot of national ter-
ritory which we now possess, or may hereafter
acquire. t '
il I love my country more than I love fiiy party,''*
were the inspiring words of Hannibal on'
the 13th day of June, 1856, when he felt it his'
duty to leave the party with which he had acted
all his life. Let these words become the rallying
cry of every patriot in th'c country, and tho Gov-
ernment will be redeemed from the Hands of those
who have betrayed the confidence of the people;
the Union, with all its untold blessings, will be'
preserved; the rights of the people and the rights
of the States, under the Constitution, maintained;
and liberty and equality triumph in all our national
domain,  
POSITIONS OF PARTIES.
SPEECH OF HON. F. TV. KELLOGG,
OF MICHIGAN,
In the House of Representatives,
June 12, 1860.
The House being in the Committee the WJloie OD fctiu
state of the Union-*
Mr. KELLOGG said:
Mr. Chairman-: Since I took my seat etsa mem-
ber of the Thirty-Sixth Congress I have not con-
sumed the time of t ho House in debate, but listened
with patience, and often with profit, to the elo-
quent gentlemen on both sides who have led in
these, discussions, and contented myself with vot-
ing as I thought the interests of my constituents
and the country demanded. But this session-will
soon close, and 1 wish to express my opinion of
the political questions before the House and the
country, and respectfully ask the attention of gen-
tlemen for the brief period of time allowed me.
The people of the United States will soon be
called on to select a Chief Magistrate for the Re-
public, and determine, according to the forms of
law, the political character of the next Congress
that shall assemble here. Already the note of
preparation is sounding throughout the country,
and the principles of thedifferentpartiesarceTcry-
where discussed. The representatives of the Re-
publican partyrcccn(lyassembledatChicago,and *
declared their belief in the necessity of a return
to those principles which prevailed in the admin-
istration of our national affairs for more than half
a century. They also nominated an able and
popular man for the Presidency, and I believe a
large majority of the people will support him, and
endeavor, by his election, to secure that change
of policy and principles which "we believe is so
necessary to the prosperity of the nation.
The revenue laws need remodeling immediately.
The present tariff operates injuriously to the in-
terests of the whole country,"while at the same
time it does not produce sufficient revenue for the
wants of the Government. AO parties agree in
taxing imports for the support of Government,
and I do not think that policy wilt ever be de-
parted from. The only question is in reference
to the manner in which those duties shall be im-
posed. The Democratic party propose to raise
the necessary revenue without inquiring as to the
effect of the course pursued upon the business of
