2806
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9,
name with the history of his native State. He
was eminently public-spirited and patriotic, as
the brief recital I am about to give will demon-
strate.
He entered public life us a member of the As-
sembly, at the age of twenty-swen, as a Dem-
ocrat. He took an active and prominent part in
that body; and, as a member of the committee
on colleges, academies, and common schools, he
participated in framing the excellent system of
laws relating to the common schools in the State.
He was an advocatc of the most liberal system of
common school education; and continued through
life to evince a patriotic and philanthropic inter-
est in that noble cause.
I will disregard the regular order of events, that
I may complete what I have to say on this char-
acteristic of the deceased.
His zeal in the cause of education was not con-
fined to legislative efforts. Out of his own private
means he contributed largely to the endowment
of an institution of learning at Medina, which
bears his name: and certainly no man could leave
a more honorable monument to perpetuate his
fame, or win for himself a just claim to the grati-
tude of posterity, than by the endowment of
schools for the education of the people. His was
not the mean and paltry ambition which seeks
public stations for the honor and emolument they
afford. He sought rather to confer benefits upon
his fellow-citizens, than to derive advantages from
them.
Another instance of his devotion to the cause
of education has been related to me, which at the
same time fuither illustrates his nobleness and
disinterestedness of character. As a member of
the Thirty-Fifth Congress, it became his duty to
select from among the sons of his constituents a
cadet for the Military Academy at West Point;
and the manner in which he performed that deli-
cate duty is at once a rebuke to the narrow spirit
of partisanship, and an example winch should be-
come a standing rule for the guidance of us all.
He did not, as is too often the case, make the se-
lection from among his political friends, to the
exclusion of his political opponents; neither did
he confer the appointment with reference to the
friendship or political influence of the cadet's fam-
ily; but discarding all such considerations, as un-
worthy of the true Representative of the people,
and inconsistent with the law which instituted the
Military Academy, he made the selection depend ;
entirely upon the fitnessof the youth chosen; and !
this fitness was to be tested, not by himself or i
his political friends, but by the trustees and su- !
perintendents of the public schools in lus congres- '
sional district. To the youth who received the |
certificate of superiority m endownments, attain- j
ments, and moral worth, he give the appointment, !
without the least reference to the party attach- j
mcnLs or political influence of Ins parents.
Sir, it is by unostentatious but truly patriotic
deeds like these that my lamented colleague has
lell behind him a reputation of which any man
might be proud; and to him the eulogy of the
poet may be applied:
u Statesman, yet friend of jiuth ; of boul sincoie,
fn action laithtul, and in honor eh>ar:
Who biokc no piomwe, seivcd no puvatc end."
During his legislative career, Mr. Burroughs
distinguished Inmseif by th'"4 large and liberal pol-
icy he pursued in regard to the internal improve-
ments of the State. Imbued with generous and
far-seeing conceptions of public dmy, and in-
stiueted by the example and teachings of such
statesmen as DeWitt Clinton, he cut loose Horn
the trammels of party, and in 1851 took a loading
pert in the Assembly m support of the enlarge-
ment of tlm canals. Of the impnrtance of the
canal system of New York to the prosperity of
the State, and of the distinguished part they have
played in the domestic policy of the Empire State
during the last forty years, 1 scarcely n-ed inform
any gentleman on this iloor from the remotest
corner of the Union.
To the Eiie canal the commercial metropolis
of the western hemisphere ov, es much of h h ,;-rent-
ness, and, indeed, the preeminent title Jay whieh
I have designated it. Without that essential ar-
tery of internal commerce, New York might never
have become the emporium of this great nation.
Ths trade of the "West must have sought some
other outlet, to the ocean; and the commerce of that
citv would have been confined to the Atlantic
sea-coast. Clinton saw this, and projected,more
than forty years ago, the great artificial river
known as the Erie canal. It answered lus high-
est hopes by its utility; it surpassed even his own
seemingly extravagant anticipations, until its
overwhelming commerce demanded further facil-
ities for its accommodation.
The propriety of an enlargement of the canals
thus became an important question, upon which
the parties of the State divided. Mr. Burroughs
belonged to the party which opposed the enlarge-
ment of the canals. So intense was the interest
felt on the subject, on all sides, that it became a
test of party fidelity. He could not act upon lus
convictions of public duty to the State without
giving grave offense to the political associates of
a lifetime, and without, peihaps forever, sunder-
ing party ties. But the path of duty was plain;
and'Mr." Burroughs did not hesitate to sacrifice
his party attachments on the altar of that infinitely
higher a'llegiance which every man owes to truth,
to duty, and to his country. He supported, with
great zeal and ability, the measure for the enlarge-
ment of the canals, known as the $9,GOO,000 bill.
He was reputed to be its author; and it is gratify-
ing to add that he was fully sustained by the peo-
ple in the independent course he thought proper
to pursue, as was shown by his triumphant re-
turn at the ensuing flection, as the candidate of
the people, in opposition to the party.
In 185G he was elected to Congress, and was re-
elected in 1858. His declining health, however,
within a few months ptist, greatly impaired and
interfered with his activity as a member of this
body; and yet the public rccord of our proceed-
ings will attest that he has more than once par-
ticipated in our debates with ability and eloquence.
Among the manifestations of public spirit and
patriotic duty, of winch the life of my lamented
friend affords many, I ouglu not, Mr. Speaker,
to omit an allusion to his services m training the
young men of his countiy in the ert of military
defense. It is well remembered that in the long
peace which intervened between the periods of
the last war with England and the war with Mex-
ico, the militia system of ail the older States,
which had no Indians to harass their frontiers,
fell into general contempt and neglect; the empty
honors and titles which attach to the militia officer
carried with them an air of ridicule: and gentle-
men of character and cultivation, forgetful of the
j maxim that 44in peace we should prepare for
war," to- often mined away in disgust, rather
than sought to improve the system. It required
some degice of moral courage, at such a time, for
a man, who had character at stake, to attempt the
rescue of the militia system from public contempt.
1 need not enlarge on this topic; for all will admit
the importance, in a country jealous of its lib-
erty, and consequently opposed to large standing
armies, of keeping up 4he military spirit and a
knowledge of arms and warlike exercises. Mr.
Burroughs, with that public spiritand eye to prac-
tical usefulness which were habitual to him, gave
the weight of his name and influence in its fuvoi;
and it is to such men as he that we owe the great
improvement that has been made in the discipline
and spirit of the militia of the country. As the
colonel of a regiment, and subsequently as a brig-
adier general of militia, Mr. Burroughs, or, as
I should say, General Burroughs, was distin-
guished for thorough discipline, as well as for a
commanding presence on the field.
In private iiie he possessed the esteem and con-
fidence of h:s neighbors and the grati'ude of the
public, founded on his eminent us .-fulness in pro-
moting edu< anon and internal improvements, as
well as on his patriotic public spirit, which was
the animating motive of his life.
In 1854 he wai nominated by the first Repub-
lican convention which nv ! nt Syracuse for the
important and responsible oi:h 3 of canal commis-
sioner, but declined.
I repeat my regret, Mr. Speaker, that I have
not had tne opportunity of collecting more full
and accurate particulars of the career of my la-
! minted eolioa^no; but i trust that I have said
I mought to warrant me in the high estimate I
j have placed upon his character. Ho was an
j eminently good man in all the relations of life,
I devoted to "his fluvuly, and cherished by a large
' circle of friends. He was regular in h:s aftend-
| ae.ee upon the ministrations of religion; and to
I these domestic virtues he added a patriotic public
spirit, which manifested itself in every depart-
ment of public affairs.
He has been cut off in the prime of life, and ill
the midst of his career of usefulness. He would
have been fifty years old an the 16th of the en-
suing month, and, to all appearance afew months
ago, had as much reason to calculate upon length
of days as most of us who remain to offer these
solemn testimonials to his worth.
He has gone, to quote a noble poetpf crnr own
State—
"To join
The innumerable caravan that me-vos
To that mysterious? realm, where each shall take
His chamber m the bilcnt halls of death."
He approached the grave
" Like mi* that draw* th<3 diapery of hi* coueh
About him, and Iie^ down to pleasant dreams."'
As a further mark of respect to the memory of
Mr. Burroughs, I beg leave to submit the follow-
ing resolutions:
Resolved, That this House has heard, with deep sensibil-
ity,the announcement o. the death of lion. Silas M. Ucr-
roughs, late a member of the HouaG of Representatives
fiom the State ot N<,w Ycik.
ResoiteJ, That, as a tC:-timonyof respect to the memory
of the deceased, the members and officers ot tins Hou^e
will wear the usual badge of mourning for thirty days.
Resolved, That the piocoedmgs of this House in iclatiori
to the death ot Silas M. Uurkoughs be communicated to
the lamdv of the decea&cd by the Clerk.
Resolved, That, as a further token of respect to the mem-
ory of the deceased, this'House do now adjourn.
Mr. FENTON. Mr. Speaker, we have not
before us the spectacle of a weeping family, whose
tears bring no relief to the heart-anguish over the
loss of a husband, a father, and brother; and yet
we are m the house of mourning,, and we grieve
over the bier of our late associate, who has been
summoned from the rugged paths of earth to
higher and purer spheres.
Our late companion in public occupation, my
colleague, Silas M. Burroughs, died at his res-
idence at Medina, New York, on Sunday last;
and a large circle, diaped with the emblems of
heart-welling grief, are now marching with almost
silent tread to the place of burial.
We cannot, Mr. Speaker, restore the object
of their grief, but we may clasp hands and join
i hearts in sympathy with those that mourn in tears
; above this new grave of our comrade—offerings
, of respect and soirow, to them more precious
I than fine gold, and sweeter than fresh floweis.
i k:TUf good thai men do Uwr- rate,i them."
! and the faithful chronicles of the lives of our fel-
low-mortals will find much in the course of our
i fliund to burnish and keep bright the more exalted
: virtues on the dusty page of time.
I He tiaveled up the difficult ascent that virtue
j rears to the votaries of truth; and upon these
j heights he become, not dizzy with the honors
] which he. had achieved, but rather, as appointed
: unto man, so with him at tins time, when to us
j it appears the most disconsonant, and to his coun-
I try and his cause the most unfortunate.bis steps
i became unsteady, and at last he reeled from the
I labors of yeais,and laid doun the occupations of
! earth.
j This is the second time that death has entered
; the circle of members elected to the Thirty-Sixth
| Congress. The first victim was from the sunny
- South, a Representative from the State of Vir-
ginia: ripe in years and honors, he was called
; away ere he had met with those who now snr-
! round me. As if to impress upon Representatives
j from all sections of the Republic the immutable
j Luvs of moitality and the lessons which these
j providences furnish, the one whose h=ss wo now
deplore was taken from the more northern clime,
; where the rugged blasts of winter and the coot
1 biee7rsof summer are the constant companions
i of the siern virtue of her people.
General Burroughs, in the private relations of
life-, which so much detract from manhood or
exalt into nobleness, combined in a large degree
the characteristics of real worth, and illustrated
m his life priceless examples of true character.
Pic was generous witliout recklessness; he was
; exalted without pride or self-conceit; he was pre-
i cisc in conduct without the austerity of manner
; which repels; and he was brave without arty of
j those deforming traits which constitute the rude
I arsailant, or the unmerited applause arising from
] personal conflict.
: He serve d his country faithfully and well. I
! knew him when he occupied a Jngh position m
