I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Positions of Parties—Mr. Kellogg.
Ho.,of Risps.
have been expended on the two buildings already,
and I believe it is estimated that at least two mil-
lion more will be necessary to their completion.
Sir, I am willing to erect expensive and costly
buildings in such cities; but I submit that$l,000,000
is enough to build a custom-house in either of
those cities—enough to rear a magnificent struct-
ure of marble, largo enough for all the business
that would need to be transacted in them till they
should crumble into dust.
Suppose they had taken the $2,000,000 for the
two custom-houses, and given us the remaining
$4,000,000 to build our harbors and improve the
navigation of the lakes: it would have given an
immensejmpulse to our trade, saved many valu-
able lives and millions of dollars' worth of prop-
erty. But we need not speculate on suppositions
"like these, for no appropriations will be mad % for
the benefit of western commerce till the reign of
the Democratic party is ended. That day, jf I
read the signs of the times aright, is not far dis-
tant. The people of the West arc sick of this
sectional and extravagant appropriation of the
public money. Their commerce may suffer on
national waters, for the want of a few thousand
dollars to improve their navigation, while haif a
dozen millions arc expended in erecting a couple
of palatial custom-houses in the South.
The magnitude of the appropriations for such
purposes compels attention. A million of dollars
is an immense sum to expend on any public build-
ing. If it were all in silver coin, it would weigh
over forty tons. Yes, sir, forty tons, or well
nigh a hundred cartloads of silver dollars—
to build a couple of custom-houses? No, sir, to
fcegmthem. It will take six tunes that sum, or
two hundred and forty tons of silvkr dol-
lars to complete them.
If we continue building custom-houses after this
fashion, it ^Ul take all the gold in California ore
we have supplied the whole Republic. But of
this there is probably no danger. Such heavy
showers of gold fall only in southern latitudes.
Not a drop of it reaches that part of the Republic
I have the honor to represent.
The cause of this is found in the fact that south-
ern politicians control the Democratic party now,
e\s they* always have done from the fiist hour of
its existence. They profess to believe the inter-
ests of the South are injured by a protective pol-
icy; though, to be sure, they all unite in demand-
ing a good duty on sugar, but that is a southern
product, and of course it is constitutional to pro-
tect it. They misrepresent the friends of protec-
tion, also, by affirming that they wish to tax the
industry of one section of the country for the ben-
efit of another. This is not so. All parties agree
in raising the revenue for the support of theGov-
ernment by a tax on imports; and we say, that
in imposing these duties it is better for the icholc
country, North and South, to discriminate, in favor
of American industry. They do not believe Gov-
ernment has anything to do in this matter, how-
ever, but their practice is, and has been, to dis-
criminate against American industry, to the great
injury of free labor, and we believe to the injury
of the whole country. They are opposed, also,
to expending any money for constructing har-
bors and benefiting commerce, except upon the
seaboard, where nearly all their interests are.
A few years ago the South was divided upon
these questions, but the politicians of the Demo-
cratic party conceived the idea of uniting the
whole South in support of what they termed its
true policy, and cast about for means to effect it.
There was but one way, and that was to biing
the question of slavery into politics. By playing
on this " harp of a thousand strings,*'' they hoped
to create a great sectional party, who, under
southern leaders, would be able to keep posses-
sion of the national Government, with all its
power and patronage, and control its whole policy
forever.
Sir, the scheme worked well, and its success
justified the sagacity of its originators, i know
they have persistently affirmed that the North
began this political agitation, but that statement
was necessary to their success, and has been re-
iterated so often, that some who knew better be-
lieve it now. They commenced by an assault
upon the North, because a few persons petitioned
Congress on the subject of slavery. A just regard
for the rights of the people would have led them
to receive their petitions with respect, and report
upon them, refusing their prayer if not right to
grant it. But this was foreign to their purpose;
an excitement must be got up North and South;
so the petitioners were kicked out of Congress,
and this time-honored privilege denied. Embold-
ened by their success, they now determined to
assail liberty in its very citadel. They denied the
right to free speech, and demanded the suppres-
sion of anti-slavery papers by law. They called
upon their friends at the North to stop all dis-
cussion of the question of slavery, by law if pos-
sible; if not, by force. They found willing tools
everywhere, and meetings were broken up by
mobs, and one of them ended in the murder of
Lovejoy, of Illinois. This created a great excite-
ment and profound feeling among good men every-
where. They regarded jufree press as the palla-
dium of the people's liberties, and resented this
unjustifiable assault upon the rights of freemen.
The people of the southern States may, if they
choose, prevent the publication of anything in
their jurisdiction agamsthuman bondage; but the
northern press will remain forever free to print
what they please about the institutions of any
country; and if slavery cannot stand this free dis-
cussion , so much the worse for slavery. We cannot
help it; we ask for no political action against sla-
very in the States.
The General Government has no right to med-
dle with it, then, directly or indirectly, and no-
body desires it to do so. No, sir; slavery may
exist in the southern States as long as it can main-
tain itself against the public sentiment of the civ-
ilized world. If right in itself, it will continue as
long as society and government exist; if wrong,
it mustgradually go down, and no power can pie-
serve it from extinction. The agitation of this
question m Congress, and the constantdiscussion
of it, to the groat detriment of the public business,
is a curse to the whole country, and deeply to be
deplored. But the Democratic party began it, and
are responsible to the country for its continuance.
There is no good reason for it whatever.
Southern men know perfectly well that neither
slavery nor the rights of slaveholders are in danger
from any action of the General Government. The
honorable gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Mill-
son] admitted this in a recent speech on this floor.
Said he:
" Sir, I say, for one, I do not fear the Republican party
in any of its assaults upon slaveiv. I am not sensitive,
became I do not fear you, gentlemen. Yon can do nothing
that I dread. You will do nothing that can alarm me.
Yoti maintain your organization, hoping that the htion«
anti-laveiv sentiment which you attempt to nourWi and
perpetuate" will inducc the people to remain with you,
bouiid together a-s a Republican party; and when you are
lilted into power, then you will give that piotcction to
northern manufactuung and mining interest*, and prose-
cute tho^e grand arid gaudy schema of internal iinpiove-
iuent, that you have been picvcntcd forsomanj yearsrtom
accomplishing by the stern opposition ol the Democratic
party."
Here, then, you see the real cause of all this
excitement and agitation, and the continued dis-
cussion of the question in Congress. Sir, it is
7iot because their institutions are in danger; but
they desire to keep the South united on the Dem-
ocratic platform, and secure the aid of enough of
the timid, time-serving, office-seeking portion of
the people of the North to enable them to keep
possession of the Government, with all its offices,
lionors, and influence.
When this Congress assembled, on the first
Monday of December last, I knew the Republican
party did not intend to introduce the question of
slavery, and I anticipated very little excitement,
except what might grow out of the proposed in-
quiry into the corruption of the present Admin-
istration, and the unlawful means made use of for
years past to carry its various measures and re-
ward party favorites. But I was mistaken.. The
leaders of the Democratic party beheld the results
of the late election with fear and trembling. Old
Pennsylvania, who had decided so many a con-
test in their favor, was faithful to their bidding
-no longer. Even old Berks rose up in her majesty
and rebuked the traitors who had proved false to
the people's interests. One district after another,
in different sections of the country, deserted the
!j banner of the party, and the indignation of the
li peoplej expressed m thunder tones, was heard at
last in the Capitol by the conclave of conspirators
against the'liberties of their country. Something
must be done at once; and in this emergency, the
Helper book was a perfect God-send to the fanat-
ical leaders, now driven to desperation by their
recent defeats and the fear of Republican ascefttJ-
oncy in' the House of Representatives, and they
resolved to use it in such h manner as to increase
thfi general cxeitcn\ent, undercover of which they
hoped to glide into power once more, and'goVem
the country four years longer. Accordingly the
hdnorable gentleman from Missouri introduced
his famous Resolution, declaring, in substaiic^,
that no man ought to be Speaker of this House
who had recommended tfie circulation of tha,t
book; and this was made a pretext for preventing
the organization of the House, and for the utter-
ance of the most insolent and unjustifiable ha,-
rangues ever listened to, in any deliberative body,
since constitutional government had an existences
Democratic members vied with each other in their
efforts to vilify the actions and motives of the
Republicans. We were denounced as traitors to
our country, as false to our constitutional obliga-
tions, and as striving to excite their slaves to in-
surrection, to wholesale murder, and servile war.
And what excuse was there for this? Soaie
members of Congress, the candidate for Speaker
among them, had signed a circular recommend-
ing the circulation of a compend of a book en-
titled The Impending Crisis It was a book
written with some spirit and ability, by a Mr.
Helper, of North Carolina, full of damaglngfaets
against slavery, and addressed mainly to the
non-slaveholders of his native State, and the
South generally, advising them to commence an
effort for the abolition of slavery. There was
not a word in it addressed to the slaves, nor was
he any more strong and violent in the language
he used in addressing southern freemen than south-
ern members of Congress are in the habit of using
continually on the floor of this House. Books
more intemperate in tone and language are pub-
lished every year in any country where the press
is free, and nobody is alarmed or troubled. The
truth is, this was an assault on'slavery not easily
answered, and therefore it must'be" denounced
day after day. It was assailed in the bitterest
terms; and never shall L forget the amazement
with which I heard the distinguished and honor-
able member from Virginia [Mr. Millson, page
21 Congressional Globe] say, that" one who con-
sciously, deliberately, and of purpose, lent his
name and influence to the propagation of such
writings, is not only not fit to be Speaker^but is Aot
fit to live
What a comment on the institutions'of the
South, and how incompatible must the!exist^'ce
of slavery be with that liberty or liberal institu-
tions!
The next text for abusive and treasonable
speeches was the foray of John Brown, an old
man who, with a score of followers, undertook
to revolutionize Virginia, and set her slaves at
liberty. The Republican party were denounced
as the authors, aiders, and abetters of it, itr lan-
guage. as violent and strong as men could coin for
the occasion. The then "Governor of Virginia
engaged heartily in the work of traducing tens of
thousands of men who, in all good qualities, were
the peers of any in the land. "We were toid, on his
authority, that large bodies of men tirere gathering
in different portions of the North for the purpose
of invading Virginia and rescuing Brown from the
"•allows. The lightning flashed these falsehoods
Through the land for weeks together. The whole
country was kept in a feverish and intense ex-
citement. Military companies were called out in
Virginia, and kept marching and countermarch-
ing; and this action, and the high positions of the
authors of these base libels upon northern men,
really made some honest men believe the state-
ments were true. And yet there was no founda-
tion for any of them. Noattempt to rescue Brown
was ever made or ever thought of. Where is that
" carpet-bag full of leuers"lhat was to criminate
the leaders of the Republican party , and make
them parties to this invasion of a sister State?
Why is it that this Governor, who " knows what
rubies would not tempt him to reveal" about the
complicity of northern men in this crime of John
Brown, has never been summoned before the Sen-
