844
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
<5f Ways and Means have sometimes heretofore
reported bills eontaining items of appropriations
Contrary to that rule; and, as the bills are not
read on their first introduction, it is impossible to
take advantage of the rule of the House to ex-
clude such items at a later stage. Now, if there
can be some understanding that an opportunity
shall be afforded for the enforcement of that rule,
I will not object to the introduction of the bills.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not know that there
are any such items as the gentleman alludes to m
these bills. I believe not. If the gentleman from
Virginia objects to the bills being reported, I will
not trespass further on the courtesy of his col-
league.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Virginia object?
Mr. GARNETT. Can the gentleman from
Ohio state if there are any such items in the bills?
Mr. SHERMAN. I believe there are none.
Mr. GARNETT. Well, I do not object.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, then reported a bill making appro-
priations for the current and contingent expenses
of the Indian department, and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations with various Indian tribes for the year
ending June 30, 1861; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed.
PONCA INDIANS.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, also reported a bill making appro-
priations for fulfilling treaty stipulations with the
Ponca Indians, and with certain bands of Indians
m the State of Oregon and Territory of Washing-
ton, for the year ending June 30, I860; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and ordered to be printed.
FORTIFICATION lilLL.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, also reported a bill for the construc-
• tion, preservation, and repairs of certain fortifi-
cations and other works of defense, for the year
endino; June 30, 1861; which was read a first-and
second time, referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. STANTON. I hope my colleague will con-
sent that that bill may go to the Committee on j
Military Affairs. I certainly think it ought to go '
there by all means.
Mr. SHERMAN. The. course I have indicated
is the usual one. It has always gone to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. STANTON. If it is not too late, I will
interpose the motion that the bill be referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs
Mr. PHELPS. I suggest to the gentleman from
Ohio, that he allow the bill to take the usual course,
for the present; and, if he wishes, enter a motion
to reconsider.
Mr. STANTON. I certainly have no wish .to
take up the time of the House, and prevent the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Pryor] from pro-
ceeding now. I therefore submit the motion to
reconsider the vote, by which the bill was referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and will call it up at some other time.
REMOVAL OF DESKS FROM THE HALL.
Mr. CARTER. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce the following resolu-
tion, which I ask to have read for information:
Resolved, Thataspecialcommitteoofthreebeappninted
by the Speaker whose duty it shall be to inquire and re-
poitto this Uotise, whether there ha? been any violation
of the order of this House in the recent alterations of this
Hall, and if so, bv whom, or by whose directions; what co>t
or expense has been incurred in making such alterations,
whether such cost or expense ha« been p.iid. ifso, by whom,
and irom what tund it has been taken, and to whom any
money has been paid lor those alterations or in anv way e y-
nendfifl therefor; what workmen have been employed, and
how much each man so employed has been paid. It shnii
also be the duty of tins committee to inquire into the power
and authority of any member of the lat-t Congress to order
any of the furniture to be taken out of this Hall after the
adjournment of that Congress, or to order any portion of the
same to be defaced in any way since theassemblin^ of the
present Congress. The committee to have power to send
for persons and papers, and to examine ail witnesses under
oath on any matters relating to subjects herein referred to
the committee; and that the committee be directed to re-
port in full ah their proceedings, forthe information of this
House, with such recommendations as the committee may
deem proper.
Mr. HOUSTON, Mr. FLORENCE, and others
objected.
DEATH OF IION. WILLIAM 0. GOODE.
' Mr. PRYOR. Mr. Speaker, it devolves upon
me, by the usage of our proceedings, to announce
the death of Hon. William O. Goode, some time
member of this House, and at his decease Rep-
resentative elect from the fourth congressional
district of Virginia. He died Sunday morning,
the 3d of July, 1859. Born the 16th of Septem-
ber, 1798, he had well nigh attained the ripe age
of sixty-one years.
Mr. Goode was a native of Mecklenburg county,
in the State of Virginia. By an indulgent father
he was favored with all the advantages of fortune,
chief among which he valued the facilities of a lib-
eral education—facihtiesof which, from his strong
sense of duty, his aspiring ambition, and his in-
stinctive love of letters, he availed himself with
laborious and successful diligence.
After completing the course of academic studies
at William and Mary college, in whose venerable
halls so many among the worthies of Virginia
were instructed for their conspicuous parts in the
history of the Republic, Mr. Goode returned to
his native county and commcnced the practice of
the law. This profession he pursued with un-
usual success, notwithstanding the diversion of
his energies to the more attractive objects of polit-
ical ambition.
Early in life, he was elected a member of the ;
General Assembly of Viiginia. The force of his ji
intellect and the admirable graces of his character, ; ]
were attested by the prompt recognition of his |l
associates. Eventually, and rather by the oxer- ■■
tinn of his powers in the routine of real business, <!
than by the flash exhibitions of theatrical genius, ii
he achieved an effective influence m the Legisla- i!
ture and a solid reputation among the people. jj
In 1829, he presented the argument against the
now exploded policy of protective duties and com- j]
mercial restriction—obsolete, I mean, among all j!
men conversant with the principles of political j!
economy—in a report of such incontestable ability, -
that it was formally adopted as the act of the Gen- j'
oral Assembly. The same year he was chosen a i
member of the convention called to modify the i
State constitution of 1776, in conformity with the ji
progress of the Commonwealth in moral and ma-
tenal development; and although a young, he was h
not an undistinguished associate with Madison, j!
Monroe, Marshall, Randolph, and others of il
scarcely inferior fame. !;
In 1832, he was again returned to the General I;
Assembly. During the session of that year oe- i:
curred a memorable debate on the abolition of !j
slavery in Virginia. From the impulse of ail ineon- l|
siderate excitement, various schemes of emancipa- ,!
tion were proposed to the Legislature, and were 'j
sustained by the foremost men in the State. Mr. 'j
Goode, on the contrary, was not at all affected by ;!
the frenzy of the moment. Then he displayed the i!
highest and the rarest quality of the statesman, in j!
rising above the stormy atmosphere of popular i|
clamor into the serene region of unimpassioned
reflection. If not alone, certainly with incom-
parable spirit, he opposed himself to the current
of public opinion. The enterprise was hazard-
ous; the victory complete. There was a moment-
ary pause in the swell of anti-slavery agitation;
and then the reaction set in with a violence pro- I
portionate to the previous rush in the opposite :i
direction. Mr. Goode moved to discharge the i!
committee from further consideration of the sub- \
ject, and carried his point m a speech of surpass- j
ing power. " I1
Afterward, by common consent, the extrav<i- |i
ganccs of a popular panic were covered with the h
vail of oblivion. But the effect of that interesting
episode in the history of Virginia was not so eva-
nescent and inconsequential. For the first time,
citizens of a slaveholdnig community were driven
by the apparent insecurity of the system, to ex-
plore its foundations; and with a resultforwhich
very few persons were prepared. In contraven-
tion of traditional ideas, it was discovered and
demonstrated that negro slavery, instead of bein°-
an accidental evil, which men tolerate merely for
want of a practicable remedy, is an institution
which exists in virtue of the most essential human
interests, and the highest sanctions of the moral
law. From that day, the slaveholder stood on
surerand more solid ground. From that day, his
conscience being clear, and his judgment con-
vinced, he renounced the expedients of apology
and extenuation, and planted himself on the im-
pregnable basis of reason and right.
When we contemplate the inevitable alternative
of this result, and consider the consequences of the
abolition of slavery in Virginia twenty-five years
ago, we may approximate a just estimate of Mr.
Goode's exertions in the great debate of 1632,
whether as they affect the peculiar interests of the
South, or the larger destinies of the Republic.
Soldiers have been immortalized by a decisive
charge in the crisis of battle; hut rarely, indeed,
has a statesman the felicity of determining the
issue of those civic struggles on which is sus-
pended the history of governments and nations.
In 1833, Mr. Goode being warmly interested
in'the controversy between the Federal Govern-
ment and South Carolina, declared himself a can-
didate for Congress, as the champion of State
rights; but he went down before the irresistible
might of Andrew Jackson's popularity. He re-
mained in private life until 1838, when he was
again returned a member of the Virginia Legis-
lature During the session he distinguished him-
self by a zealous advocacy of the independent
Treasury system. In 1841, he was chosen a Rep-
resentative in Congress. After serving a single
term, he declined reelection; and went back into
the State Legislature. For several sessions he pre-
sided over the^House of Delegates; and such were
his ability and impartiality as Speaker, that no
appeal was ever taken from his decisions. In -
1850, he was an active and influential member of
the convention which devised the existing consti-
tution of Virginia.
Subsequently, as chairman of the committee on
finance in the Legislature which initiated the
operation of the new government, he adjusted
the scheme of taxation to the altered condition of
affairs, on principles which have sinca undergone
but little modification.
In 1853, he was chosen a member of this body,
and was reelected successively in 1855,1857, and
1859. Of his services here I need not speak;
since, for those who are not familiar with his
course by official association, the reports of the
proceedings "and debates of the House furnish all
requisite information. In justice, however, to the
reputationof my distinguished predecessor, I must
be permitted to say, that his energies, physical
and intellectual, had been so grievously impaired
by the ravages of disease, that no adequate con-
ception of his efficiency is afforded by his more
recent service in Congress. His health, ever
fluctuating with the changes of a delicate consti-
tution, sustained an irreparable shock in 1850; and
from that period he was incapable of any exei tion
commensurate with the original vigor of his fac-
ulties. The nature ofhis malady,some tune since
suspected by his friends, was unequivocally de-
veloped during his Jast term of service in this
body, insomuch as to impart a touch of pathos to
the parting of the associates who bade him fare-
well, on the adjournment, in the spring of 1859.
If the fire of the flashing eye was yet unqucnehed,
and though the erect form was still sustained bv
a spirit which no physical infirmity could subdue,
the pale brow, the emaciate flesh, and the almost
inaudible tones of a voice that once rang with the
energy of triumphant declamation, guv solemn
premonition of the approaching catastrophe.
Never did man confront death with groat, r in
trepidity; for he was supported by that which
"doth mate and master the fear of death." 1
was much with him after his failing powers in-
voked the ministration of friends; and was so
favored with the opportunity of witnessing an in-
comparable exhibition of moral sublimity'." Ilow-
was my conception of the grandeur of human
nature—I should rather say the infallible strength
and solace of the Christian's faith—ele\ateil til-
th e spectacle of that frail man's fortitudi . no
peevish ebullition of impatience, but a sweet se-
renity of temper in the acutest agony of suffenu"-:
no plaintive importunity of solicitation, but a
quiet repose on the resources of his own indom-
itable will; no irreverent outcry against foitutie.
but a graceful and devout subniissuui to the chas-
tisement of Providence. In the !n.st hour i't.
seemed to lie radiant and exultant wiili the h-l,i
of that glory toward the supreme splendor of
