*22
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Juno 12,
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Positions of Parties—Mr. Kellogg.
Ho. of Reps.
ate Committee? The reason is plain: he had noth-
ing to communicate! The wholestory was trumped
up with a hope that it might affect the organiza-
tion of the House and the election of President.
Sir, the crime of John Brown was a trifling one
compared with that of these men who labored to
blacken and destroy the characters of thousands
of good citizens, where they had no opportunity
to vindicate themselves and defend their reputa-
tions.
But the chief actor in this scene has passed into
an obscurity from which he can nevcr.emerge,
and there I leave him.
Since the organization of the House, weeks
have been spent here and in the S.enate in discus-
sions in favor of the extension of slavery and its
frotoction in the Territories of the United States,
'or this discussion I can see no good reason other
than the one X have named—keeping the Demo-
cratic party bound together, and uniting the entire
South.
Sir, it is true that southern politicians say they
must have more territory for the extension of
slavery, and that if we prohibit this extension,
.we take the first step towards its abolition. So,
then, I suppose we are to go on and conquer
Mexico and Central America, and annex them at
our leisure, that this southern institution may
have a chance to expand all it will. If this be so,
sir, let us know it. . I apprehend the people are
not ready for carrying out this scheme of univer-
sal conquest, and that if they should conclude to
annex more territory, they will be slow to con-
sent to curse it with slavery.
But let us see how we stand now, and whether
there is any necessity, for the next twenty years,
for the acquisition of more territory and the ex-
tension of slavery. Why, at this time the South
has more than eight hundred and fifty thousand
square miles of territory, or as much as Great
Britain, Austria, France,and Spain, and one hun-
dred thousand square miles more than all the
northern States, including Kansas; and yet they
are suffering for the want of room to expand in.
They own the most of the valley of the Missis-
sippi, the finest in the world; they have a beau-
tiful climate and fertile soil geneially; and long
before this vast region can be well settled and
tilled, it will contain a population twice as large
as we now have in the United States.
Who does not see, then, that this talk about the
necessity of expansion, at present, is of a piecc
with all the rest, and a part of the scheme for
uniting thcSouth and continuing a greatsectional
party in power, who will administer the Govern-
ment on sectional principles, and for sectional
purposesontirely—that section thcSouTii always.
The Republican party are opposed to the ex-
tension of slavery; and since this discussion is
forced upon us, I desire to express my convic-
tions conccrning this question, though in a very
brief manner.
The American Revolution was not a contest for
mere material ad vantage or political independence,
but a struggle for the bights of man. The Dec-
laration of Independence was the platform of
principles on which our fathers stood, and the
inspiration of its doctrines created armies, and
carried on the war that terminated in our inde-
pendence. With a solemnity befitting the enun-
ciation of principles that were to revolutionize the
world, they declared:
" We hold these truths to be self-evident: that all men
are created equal; that they are endowed by tlieii Creator
with certain inalienable rights among which are lite, lib-
erty, and tile pursuit of happiness."
These, in their estimation, are the rights of all
men, the birthright of every human being. It is
fashionable now to ridicule this great charter of
human rights, but the wisest men in Europe at
that time read it with wonder and admiration.
They looked upon Washington, Adams, Jeffer-
son, Madison, and their illustrious associates, as
Israel did upon Moses, when he came down from
Mount Sinai, with the table of the ten command-
"ments. No language seemed strong enough to
speak their praises. They were, as patriots,
models for all ages; as statesmen, they exhibited
in themselves a concentration of alt the wisdom
of the past; and as prophets, they foresaw the fu-
ture, and knew how to frame institutions that
would carry out their principles and make them
universal. But these facts of history need no re-
cital. These great men, who founded our Gov-
ernment and framed our Constitution, found sla-
very in the country, and deplored its existence.
Of this there is abundant proof. Washington
declared his desire for its abolition, and affirmed
that Virginia " must, at a period not remote, en-
act laws for the abolition of slavery." I might
quote whole pages from his letters to the same
purpose, but it is unnecessary. The language of
Jefferson is equally well known, and his senti-
ments accorded with those of all the statesmen
and patriots of the day.
Benjamin Franklin, the incarnation of the com-
mon sense of that day, and the first philosopher
of the age he lived in, was also the first president
of the first abolition society in the United States,
in good old Pennsylvania, where he lived, and
where he died. These men believed the doctrines
of the Declaration of Independence, and believed
also that they would be gradually reduced to prac-
tice, become the sentiment of the world, and work
out the abolition of slavery at some period in the
far-off future. But the wise men of these days,
who are the leaders of the Democratic party, have
discovered that these men did notknow much after
all; some of them never had seen a cotton planta-
tion, and did not know cotton would be king.
They did not know how rapidly fortunes would
be made in raising cotton and sugar by slave la-
bor, and how easily people could live in Virginia
by raising slaves, to sell when prices should come
up, so a boy three years old would bring more
money than a good span of horses.
Had they understood all this, they might have
altered their minds, and concluded slavery was
right. Under such circumstances, perhaps, I had
better not introduce their testimony; but I hope I
shall be pardoned for repeating what Henry Clay
said of extending slavery, as it is of a more re-
cent date:
" So long as God allows the vital current to flow through
my veins, so Jong as reason holds her seat enthroned in my
brain, 1 will never, never aid in submitting one rood of free
territory to the nverlasting curse of human bondage."
I do notknow that Democrats will consider him
good authority, but he was looked upon as a great
man by millions who revere his memory; and I
think he will be remembered and quoted long af-
ter slavery is abolished and its defenders forgotten.
Rut let us examine this territorial question.
Southern politicians say the Territories are the
common property of the people of all the States,
and that the citizens of one section of the country
have as good a right to remove to the Territories
as those of another. This I admit; but the South
claim the right to take their sluvti and slave laws
with them, and in this way virtually exclude
northern men altogether. This the South de-
nies, and says the non-slaveholdercan reside there
as well as anywhere. Some of them can, for some
love slavery as well as southern men do; but the
great body of northern men do not and cannot go
into a slave Territory without relinquishing the
enjoyment of rights as dear as life itself. Let
me suppose another Kansas. Its fertile plains
and prairies look invitingly to thousands, and
soon you see a host of hardy men building their
homes hard by some noble l-ivcr, and laying the
foundation for a fine city.
A few thousand settlers are soon scattered over
the beautiful country, and among them many
planters with their slaves. Laws, of course, must
be enacted for their security, and let us mark their
operation. I will not allude to all the ways they
have to vex men brought up in a free State, but
to some of them. A post office is established
early, and the hardy pioneers are soon ready to
take the papers published near their old homes,
and read the news as they have always done. A
club is formed, and twenty copies of the Tribune,
and perhaps as many more of the Evening Post,
art? ordered. The bundle of papers comes to the
office, and now the " irrepressible conflict" com-
mences. In accordance with the decision of the
Postmaster General, the postmaster refuses to
deliver them. They are incendiary documents.
Their circulation puts the institution of slavery
in peril, and must therefore be prohibited. Some
of my constituents may be among these settlers,
and learn, to their amazement, from the circular
of the Postmaster General, that this petty minion
of the party, a village postmaster, clothed with
authority by Government, may " determine"—
ay, sir, that's the word he uses—may " determ-
ine" whether he will deliver the papers they have
ordered and paid for or not. Sir, these men, who
were brought up in a free State, and learned to
love liberty, will never submit to such laws any-
where. If southern gentlemen are content to have
these petty tools of a despotism more intolerant
than that of Austria, determine what papers they
may read, they can do so; but I can vouch for a
few millions at the North who will take what
papers they please, and who would not give up
the right to read what they liked, and say what
they pleased, for a home iu the finest country in
the world.
This freedom of speech and of the press has
cost too much blood and suffering in the past to
be given up now for the sake of accommodating
a few thousands of an aristocracy, who rob one
class of all their rights, and then bid their poorer
neighbors relinquish half of theirs, so they may
live on in security. But go from the post office
to the church, and the trouble increases. There
are some men who want one of the Beecher fam-
ily to preach to them; but this will not answer, and
what shall they do? Gentlemen may say that it
is not necessary to my happiness that I should
hear Beecher preach or read the New York Trib-
une. 1 reply that I am the best judge of that; and I
wish to say distinctly that I will read such papers
as I please, and hear such preaching as I prefer,
when out of Washington, without leave asked of
Government or the Democratic party, and that I
never will consent to the enactment of any laws
in United States Territories by which the people
are robbed of these precious rights and privileges.
But here a specious plea is put in, and we are
told to bear with this awhile till the population is
large enough for a State, as it will "bl very soon,
and then let the majority decide whether it shall
be a slave State or not; and if it be a slave State,
acquiesce, or move away, and let the majority
govern. Sir, I would like to know what opportu-
nity the friends of freedom have under the laws
to be heard. We remember the laws enacted in
Kansas, and which Government was obliged to
repeal, so indignant were a vast number of the
people of the North on account of them. But
thinlpyou southern men will not call for such
laws again ? Sir, they are demanding them now.
On the 23d of February last, a distinguished
southern Senator introduced a bill entitled " An
act to punish offenses against slave property in
the Territory of Kansas." The twelfth section
of this bill reads as follows:
lc If any free person, by speaking or writing, assert or main-
tain that 'persons have not the right to hold slaves in the Ter-
ritory of Kansas, or shall introduce into the said Territory,
print, publish, write, circulate, or cause to be introduced
into the said Territory, written, printed, published, or cir-
culated, in said Territory, any book, paper, magazine,
pamphlet, or circular, containing any denial of the right of
persons to hold slaves m said Teiritory, such persons shall
be deemed guilty of felony, and punished by imprisonment at
hard labor for a term not less than two years, nor more than
five years."
What a beautiful law! What despot in the
dark ages punished freedom of speech with more
severity? Yet this is a Republic, and these are
Democrats who ask for such laws in the middle
of the nineteenth century, and who ask for anew
lease of power from the people, that they may
enact such laws in every Territory of the United
States.
And here, in the face of these enactments, you
say the people, when they meet to frame a con-
stitution before they become a State, may decide
whether they will have slavery or not in their
constitution. What an insult is this! How are
the friends of freedom to do anything? They
cannot hold a public meeting; they cannot take
a paper, or circulate a tract that denounces sla-
very; they cannot tell their neighbor slavery is
wrong and ought to be prohibited in their con-
stitution. No, these are all offenses against the
law, and punished by confmementin the peniten-
tiary. Should they detect one circulating the
Helper book, they might think imprisonment too
mild a punishment for him, and swing him olfon
the first tree they came to. Wc see how they
enforce these laws in the southern States, and
similar laws will always be enacted wherever
slavery is established.
