1860.
E
in some form or other, a premium of two or
three hundred per cent, of its original value, for
the support of the foreign labor which has been be-
stowed upon it. What is true of cotton is true in
principle of almost everything else which we con-
sume, except our food, with the variation in some
instances that both the material and the labor be-
stowed upon it are of foreign origin, and are im-
ported in competition with American fabrics. We
have been somewhat dazzled with the grandeur
and magnificencc of the country, and seduced into
the arena of speculation, hastening to become
rich by illegitimate means, without regarding
sufficiently those sources of strength and pros-
>erity which all experience has demonstrated to
'C most safe, ccrtain, and essential. The cot-
ton crop of tho United States is said to be of less
value than the hay crop; but why is it that we
never hear the pean changed, and the exultant
representatives of tho upland districts shouting,
here and elsewhere, that hay is king? Explain
it, whoever can, by any other reason than that
cotton furnishes the means of employment and
wealth after it leaves the soil, and the hay does
not. See further, that the wealth and power of
the British nation to-day are outstiipping all com-
petitors, andattaininga degree of magnitude whose
realization well-nigh baffles the imagination; and
■what arc the extent and products of her soil com-
pared with our own; and yet she has a larger
population to maintain. And how is it that, with
foreign wars upon her hjnds, seemingly sufficient
of themselves to crush one half the nations of
the earth, she can still maintain peace and pros-
perity at home, guard her commerce in every
quarter of the globe, compete with us for the car-
rying trade in our own products and supplies, and
mail service, and yet come out of her contests
stronger and more illustrious than when she en-
tered them?
Why, sir, do we not get some light upon this
question by referring to her industrial and com-
mercial policy and condition in comparison with
our own? We export annually, in round num-
bers, about three hundred and thirty million dol-
lars in value, only about thirty million dollars
of which is in manufactured articles, while the
balancg is made up of raw materials, breadstuff,
and specie. England, on the other hand, exports,
upon the same basis of calculation, more than six
hundred million dollars annually of manufactures
alone, and is daily adding every appliance of
nature and art and diplomacy to increase the
amount; while we are wrangling too much over
our domestic disputes, and giving to her and to
her European competitors almost undisputed con-
trol of the markets of the world for manufactures,
and suffering them to come into our own, and to
furnish clothing and utensils in competition with
some branches of our languishing industry. The
tendency, both of our habits and of our legislation,
has been too far to destroy the commercial inde-
pendence and individuality of our own country,
and to place her in the position of colonial depend-
ence upon the capital and industry of foreign
Powers—to render us only tillers of the soil to
furnish food and raw materials to be transported
across the ocean to feed and supply a thriving
industry which ought to be sustained at home,
for the benefit of our own people, and as an ele-
ment of strength to our own Government.
It is time, sir, that we had done with this dis-
crimination against the interests of our own peo-
ple, and that we should hold fast to all that gives
prosperity to our industry in the existing laws;
and that those interests which are notsufficiently
guarded should have the requisite protection.
The time has gone by when we need quarrel
among ourselves in respect to tho wisdomof this
policy. The South is growing vastly rich upon
the products of her plantations—and I rejoice that
it is so; but even she cannot afford to be indif-
ferent to the maintenance of a large home con-
sumption of her great staple. Are not the quota-
tions of her cotton markets abroad sought for with
eagerness by every arrival, and cvorv^circum-
stance scrutinized which can by possibility affect
its value? And will any reasonable man for a
moment contend that the value of cotton would
not be affected by the destruction of a market
which already takes one fourth of the annual
product, or thatitisof small consequence whether
that market shall keep pace with the increase of
production? So with the people of the expanding
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1865
i West, who have been less prosperous during the
past few years, and who depend so largely upon
cereal productions for business and support.
It is perfectly demonstrable that the farmer who
lives nearest to market makes the most money
upon his products, other things being equal; and
that his profits decrease in proportion as he is sep-
arated from population, either by distance or by
difficulty, and consequent cost of transportation.
Every producer of provisions and supplies knows
this; every merchant understands it. Now, every
manufacturing district in this country affords a
practical illustration of the beneficial effects of the
introduction of this artificial labor upon the agri-
cultural interests by which it is immediately sur-
rounded, not only in the advanced value of the
annual products of the soil, but in the greatly
enhanced value of the land itself. Nor is this ef-
fect limited to the vicinity of those districts, though
it is there most apparent. It is a fact that the
great seats of manufacturing industry are not pro-
ducers of food. It so happens that, for the most
part, they are located where the soil or climate,
or both, arc unfavorable to agriculture, and there-
fore their chief dependence for food is upon the
abounding West, where both soil and climate ren-
der agriculture profitable and inviting.
The northern manufacturing States want the
grains and the meats of the West, the ftptton, the
the rice, and the sugars of the South, and the coal
and the iron of the middle States; thus furnishing
to them a market always increasing and generally
responsible, where these products are applied to
the uses of a people and to the sustenance of pur-
suits which are not in conflict with the States
from whence they come. A like reciprocal inter-
change between the products of the North and the
South and the West is attended with a correspond-
ing commercial advantage; while the intercourse
of the people, thus established, is one of the
strongest and surest guarantees of national secu-
rity and peace. As one of the Representatives o.f
a State whose domestic industry exceeds in value
a million dollars for every secular day in the
year, and whose commerce is second only to that
of one other State of this Union J cannot but be
impressed with the importance orthe cooperation
of the Government in aid of every great pursuit,
wheresoever prosecuted, and which cannot be
successfully maintained without it.
And, sir, I bear this testimony in behalf of other
interests, perhaps, with the greater freedom and
cheerfulness, because the manufacturers of New
England ask for no-new enactments of importance
for their own relief or protection. But referring
to the importance of permanent and fixed legisla-
tion, already mentioned, and which was so appro-
priately advocated by the author of the billbefore
us, it is but reasonable to ask that the existing laws
relating to their interests shall not be needlessly
changed; that their business shall not be jeopard-
ized by this cause; that their property shall not
be destroyed or lessened in value, except for some
great public necessity; and especially in this sea-
Kon of high excitement, when every species of
ranual labor _is clamorous for more .generous re-
muneration, that no measures shall be adopted
which shall be needlessly adverse to any of their
greatemployments. Atleast,lettheexistingregu-
lations under which any branch of industry suc-
ceeds be fairly tested before they arechanged; that
if change shall in time be necessary, it may be
wisely made, and that it may be a step forward
towards the perfection of a sound and complete
system of revenue and protection for the whole
country.
To the leading characteristics of the bill before
us I give my cordial support. Its enlargement of
the free list of articles useful in our home indus-
try, and which do not injuriously compete with
domestic production; in genera! the changes
from ati valorem to specific duties, where made;
and the discrimination in favor of American in-
terests, which arc not now sufficiently protected,
will meet general approval from those who are
not altogether opposed to any system of protec-
tion whatever. And in regard to the particulars
to which I feel the necessity of taking exception,
I hope to show, as I proceed,such reasons there-
for as may induce the committee from whom the
bill emanates, and the House, to consent to its
amendment. I pass over, for the present, two or
three onerous provisions of the bill, to which I
will refer hereafter, and come to a proposed change,
which will materially injure and retard the woolen
manufactures of the whole country. And I wish
to refer, first, to the magnitude of the business to
be thus unfavorably affected.
I have not at hand the statistics of the number
of woolen establishments in the United States; but
I have before me a table embracing those located
in the New England States and the State of New
York, which embrace the greater part of the wool-
en factories of the country. And I find that in
these seven States there are employed upon wool-
en fabrics not less than twenty-five hundred and
fifty sets of machinery, contained in six hundred
ana fifty-five separate establishments, erected at
a cost of not less than seventy million dollars.
I suppose these constitute about two thirds or
three quarters of all the woolen mills in the coun-
try; so that the whole original investment in mills
alone will not fall much short of one hundred
million dollars; and under the present commer-
cial regulations the number is likely to increase.
The existing tariff, as is well known, allows wool
valued less than twenty cents per pound at the
place of export to be admitted free of duty, and
imposes a tariff of twenty-four per cent., ad valo-
rem, on all valued, at the same points, more than
twenty cents per pound.
The bill before us proposes to reduce the max-
imum of free wool to sixteen cents per pound,
and to impose a_specific duty of eight cents per
pound on all valued'at more than sixteen cents.
, To the change from an ad valorem to a specific
duty, there is no objection; but it so happens that
' the difference between the present and the pro-
posed maximum for free wool involves precisely
the grades which are most wanted for the support
of the American woolen manufactures, and which
cannot be imported and worked to advantage here
if subjected to the duty proposed. The wools
thus affected are chiefly the unwashed wools of
South America, from about the Mediterranean,
and from the Cape of Good Hope, and they are
of quality and characteristics unknown in our do-
mestic flocks. By their use we are enabled to
enlarge the range of our woolen manufactures,
and to compete with foreign countries in produc-
ing classes of fabrics which cannot be made from
American wools alone. To show that this neces-
sity for foreign wool exists, it is only requisite to
state a few facts.
This branch of industry is as yet only in its in-
fancy in this country, although the consumption
of woolen goods is enormously large. Among
the reasons why it has not more nearly kept pace
with the cotton manufacture, are, that it has suf-
fered for want of a sufficiency of raw material to
expand upon; and also, through a mistaken policy
on the part of the Government, it has been sub-
jected to inconstant legislation and to ruinous com-
petition with other nations which have their raw
material abundant and free from duty, or nearly
so. That this deficiency may be more apparent,
I refertothe fact that the prescntannual consump-
tion of wool in the United States is estimated atone
hundred million pounds; and the domestic prod-
uct amounts to only about sixty million pounds,
leaving a deficiency in the supply of raw material
of forty million pounds, at least; or an amount
equal to sixty-seven per cent, of the entire wool
crop of the United States. This fact alone, Mr.
Chairman, ought to show conclusively, I think,
that the raw material of native growth is suffi-
ciently in demand not to need additional protection
on this account.
I find, by reference to official documents, that
the entire crop of native wool is consumed at
home, with a trifling exception; there being only
§377,000 in value of wool exported, and of that
more than thirty-two thousand dollars was of
foreign growth, leaving only $355,000 worth of
American wool exported in the year 1859; while
we imported of foreign wools more than four and
a half million dollars in value, in the form of raw
materials, during the same year. But there is an-
other striking fact in this connection, showing
how limited is this branch of industry compared
%vith our consumption, and the vast proportions
to which, under favoring circumstances, it might
be extended. I have already shown that we raise
considerably less than 4wo thirds of the wool
which is wrought in our factories—only about
sixty per cent, of the amount—and the value of
the forty per cent, imported is $4,500,000; and
yet, in this same year 1859, we imported more
