1860.
the congressional globe.
2809
tlio relief of Guadalupe Eytudillo de Ar^uello,
widow of Santiago E. Arguelio. °
SUMMONING OF WITNESSES.
Mr BAYARD. On Thursday last I gave no-
tice ut tlic time of reporting a bill concerning the
office of Scrgoant-at-Armsof the Senate and Ser-
gennt-at-Ai ms of the House of Representatives,
which merely authorizes them toappointdeputies,
so as to avoid conflict between the State judiciary
and the Congress of the United States, that I
should call it up this morning. I hope the Sen-
ate will now take it up. r do not suppose any
Senator can object to it. It is general m its pro-
visions; and I do not think it can lead either to
debate or objection.
Mr. SUMNER. I shall ask for the yeas and
nays on that bill.
Mr. BAYARD. I have no objection to the
yeas and nays being taken.
1 he \ ICt. PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Delaware moves to take up the bill (S. No. 496)
concerning the office of Sergeant-at-Arms of the
Senate and Sergeant-at-Arms of the House of Rep-
reseutati ves.
Air. HALE. I will simply say that, at this late
hour of the session, there are other bills which, I
think, better demand the attention of the Senate
than this one. I am opposed to this bill. I am
opposed to the principle which lies at the bottom
ot it. I think it is unnecessary. If it is taken
up—I certainly do not mean to threaten the Sen- .
ate with a long1 speech, because I do not mean to [
make one; but I will not let the bill pass without |
challenging what I think objectionable in its char- j
acter; and I shall not feel that I am discharging j
my duty to the public by voting to take up such
a bill now, when there are other bills, the over- [
land mail bill providing for mails across the con- '
tiiif-nt, and bills of that magnitude, which have
now been for two months demanding the atten-
tion of the Senate, and unable to getlt.
Mr. BAYARD, Mr. President, I am, I con-
fess, surprised at the honorable Senator from
New Hampshire opposing this bill. The whole
object and intent of the bill is to authorize the
officer of the Senate and the officer of the House
of Repi esentatives who are charged with the per-
formance of certain ministerial functions, to ap-
point deputies for the purpose of exercising ail
those duties which it would be impossible for
them to perform in person. The leason why the
bill is reported is in consequence of a decision of
the supreme judicial court of Massachusetts, with
which it is not the desire of the committee to come
in conflict, though they believe it to be erroneous.
The same power is given in the bill to appoint
deputies to the Sergeant-at-Arms, the ministerial
oilicer of each House, as is given to the marshals
of the United States. It adapts the language of
the act of September 24, 1789; and gives power
to appoint deputies to those two officers in the
same manner that marshals now have ft. The
committee, I believe, were unanimousas to the bill,
though one or two of them, not having read it,
did not assent to my report; but the report is not
to sustain the bill. The report is to show that
the decision which requires the bill was errone-
ous in itself, in our judgment.
The bill itself, 1 had supposed, would not be
objected to. 1 see by the proceedings of the House
of RepieseiitcUives that within two or three days
they have ordered process to issue for the arrest
of witnesses in Pennsylvania. Now, they may
be nu-t by the same technical difficulty there.
There may be the same decision there, or there
may not. This is only to obviate the possible
conflict with the State judiciary, on the part of
either the Senate or House of Representatives, in
reference to any witnesses who are summonedfor
any purpose. It is general in its nature. I hope
the Senate will take it up, and dispose of it. I
do not think it is necessary to argue it.
The motion was not agreed to*, there being, on
a division—ayes 39, noes 20.
FLORIDA CLAIMS.
Mr. FOOT. I desire to move to take up the
bill S. No. 230, being a bill declaratory of the
acts for carrying into effect the ninth article of the
tieaty between "the United States and Spain, fa-
miliarly, though erroneously, called the Florida
claims bill, with a view to move its postpone-
ment, and make a special assignment of it for the
second Monday of December next, at one o'clock.
I ao tms upon consultation with others.
The motion was agreed to; and the further con-
sideration of the bill was postponed to, and made
the special order for, the second Monday of De-
cember next.
ANSON DABT.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move that the Senate
take up the bill from the House, No. 320.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the Senator will permit
me to take up the telegraph bill, which has come
back to us amended from the House.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Let us pass this bill first,
and then 1 will give way.
Mr. SWIN. is it Anson Dart's bill ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Yes, sir.
Mr. G\V1N. You will not pass it in a week.
The VICt, PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Wisconsin, to
take up the bill (H. R. No. 220) for the relief of
Alison Dart.
Mr. PITCH. I must object to that. There is
other and more important business that ought to
be acted on.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion to take up the bill.
Mr. FITCH. I object to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is in order.
Mr. FJ7 CH. If it is in order, of course asin-
gle objection will not carry it over; but the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin knows that it is a bill that
will lead to a long debate, and retard the public
business.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I shall ask the Senate to
take it up, and vote upon it. I think there will
be no debate. There has been debate already on
it. It is true the Senator from Oregon, on three
occasions, stated his views; but I am not aware
that there is any debate to grow out of it. I hope
we shall take the sense of the Senate on the pas-
sage of the bill.
Mr. HEMPHILL. I ask the Senator to give
way, and allow me to introduce a memorial, for
the purpose of reference.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It will take but a moment
to_dispose of the bill; and then 1 will give way
with pleasure.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion to take up the bill.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on a
division—ayes 24, noes IT; and the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, resumed the consider-
ation of the bill (H. R. No. 220^ for the relief of
Anson Dart, the pending question being: on the
amendment offered by Mr. Lane, to add at the
end of the bill:
And that there be paid to the superintendents of Indian
afFaiis in Orczon, who have served prevloasly and fcubsc-
queutiy to the said Anson Dait, the saine rate ot compen-
sation as is allowed to the baid Anson Dart by this act.
Mr. LANE. Before the vote is taken on thi?
amendment, Mr. President, I simply desiie to
call the attention of the Senate, as I have done
heretofore—for I have called their attention to it :
heretofore—to the justice of extending the pro-
visions of this bill so far as it provides for an in- 1
crease of salary to other superintendents as well
as to this man Dart. Their claims are as strong,
they are as just, and certainly as right, and I can
hardly imagine why the Senate should pass a bill
increasing the salary of this man, and refusing u
to others. They performed their duties certainly
as faithful as lie has; they were as capable as he
is; they were more efficient than he; and why he
shall be singled out, and made an object of special
favor, from the number that served in that office
and discharged the same duties, I cannot imagine.
If this bill is to pass, there will be no end to this
kind of legislation. To go back for ten years,
and increase the pay of officers who have per-
formed duty under laws fixing the salary, which
laws have not been changed from that time to
this, and take one of a series and increase his
salary, would be to do injustice to him, in the first
place', and certainly gross injustice to others who
would be excluded by this law from having the
same rate of pay that he has had.
I do not want to discuss this matter, but I hope
the Senate will not pass it. I hope they will not
impose upon the Treasury of the whole people
for the benefit of this one man. There is no justicc
in it; there is no reason in it, and Icannotsee any
common sense in it. It is not my purpose to re-!
, fleet on Senators who believe it to be just. They
[ have the power, if they choose, to go back and
' increase the pay of any person who has served in
an office, who happens to suit their taste, and
make him an object of special favor, and refuse
the same thing to others who performed similar
service. Upon what principle is that? On what
principle of justice or equity can they do any such
,1lnJp J can say lh,s man was well paid for
ai ^ did, and I have sent down to the room of
~ornrr*ittee on Indian Affairs for some papers
that 1 want to read in this case before the Senate
act on it.
The other day, I believe, every gentleman on the
other side of the Chamber voted against allowing
the United States district judge of Oregon a salary
of $3,000 a year, and now most of them, if not all
of them, will, I imagine, vote to increase the sal-
ary of this superintendent to $4,000 a year for
j past services, and to pay him at that rate for three
years when he only rendered twenty-one months'
service. He was only twenty-one monthsin the
Territory. Part of his time he spent in Wash-
ington city, in comfortable quarters, with his
rooms and board furnished him, and a clerk to
write his letters. He was allowed at the rate of
forty dollais a month, I think, for paper and post-
age—enough to carry on a correspondence larger
than any man in America ever had. There is
nothing on the face of the earth like this man's
charges. If his pay be increased, the increase
ought to be extended to all those who served pre-
viously to him, and to those who served subse-
quently. I would not say anything more upon
this subject, but I want to read the papers that
I have sent for, and I do not wish to give up the
floor for the reason that I want to have all the
facts before the Senate and the country, that the
country may know who will now vote for increas-
ing this pay from $2,500 to $4,000.
Mr. WILSON. Allow me to suggest to the
Senator from Oregon, that if he wants the coun-
| try to know how men vote, he ought to give us
j an opportunity to vote oil this question. The
! Senator seems to be watching the clock, to see the
1 time arrive for taking up the special order. I
| think he had better give us an opportunity to vote,
j and we shall show the country how we do vote,
j Mr. LANE. I should like to have the facts
i before the Senate.
| Air. POLK. I ask the indulgence of the Sen-
j ator from Oregon, to allow me to give notice that
j as soon as I can get the floor, 1 shall move to take
i up House bill No. 513, for the relief of Hocka-
| day & Legget.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator from Oregon has
I stated that he wishes to produce some evidence in
! this case that he has not now before him. Under
such circumstanccs, I think it is a mere waste of
time to go on with the discussion now. 1 hope,
therefore, the subject will be postponed, that the
Senator may make his remarks when lie has the
facts before him.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. If the Senator from Mis-
sissippi will modify his motion so as to let the bill
remain as the unfinished business for to-morrow
morning, I &hali not object to the postponement.
I think it due to the question, and to those Sen-
ators who have so thoroughly investigated the
subject, that it should at least be decided at this
session. I shall trouble the Senate with but a
brief explanation; but it is my duty to speak on
it. The Senator from Oregon has called for a pa-
per which it is not convenient at this time to place
m his hands. Of course, I do not insist that he
shall go on without having the use of that testi-
mony on which he relics. It is now very nearly
twelve o'clock, and I hope the bill may be con-
sidered as the unfinished business for to-morrow
morning without a formal postponement.
Mr. DAVIS. I have no wish to interfere with
the gentlemen who have the conduct of this case.
I know nothing about it. They may arrange it to
suit themselves. Somcother business, I thought,
could be transacted if this was out of the way,
and it was evident to me that we could make no
progress with this.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I rise, sir, for the purpose
of moving to postpone the special order, in order
to enable us to have a vote on the question now
pending before the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Wisconsin that there is
no special order before the Senate.
