I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
36th Cosg....1st Sess.
Positions of Parties—Mr. Kellogg..
Ho. of:Reps.
They call the Republican party a sectional party,
because we do not have an electoral ticket in many
of the southern States. Sir, a man cannot vote
the Republican ticket in the South if he desires
to; and a public meeting to advocate our princi-
ples cannot be held in the South anywhere except
in two* or three localities. How can there be a
party without a press or power to hold a public
meeting for the advocacy of these principles? In
Delaware recently the grand jury indicted a post-
master for delivering the New York Tribune to
subscribers; and this tyrannical interference with
those rights every citizen ought to enjoy without
molestation is almost universal at the South.
What a thing a man may become by submission
to laws like these, abdicating his manhood, and
crawling through life not daring to speak till he
knows what he may be allowed to say, nor take
a paper unless some petty postmaster " determ-
ines for him that he may read it. And this is a
modern Democrat,graduatingatasouthern school
of politics, and aspiring to the leadership of the
people.
Mr. Chairman, the South have territory enough
now to support a population of one hundred mil-
lions. There they can enact such laws as they
deem necessary to the security of life and prop-
erty, and within those limits I think they must
remain. I have no desire to molest or disturb
them at all, nor shall I go there to establish a free
press; but I never will consent to extend slavery
over any more territory, or to the enactment of
those laws that are necessary to its security; and
I know that hundreds of thousands think as I do.
I believe we shall succeed in checking the progress
of this moral and political plague—but the advo-
cates of slavery are greatly elated with their suc-
cesses, and assail whatever stands in their way
with a boldness worthy of a better cause. A dis-
tinguished Senator, in alate address on education,
denounced the standard works of the world on
moral science, because they all condemn slavery.
But, as slavery is certainly right, those books arc
not; and he says: u Why may not some southern
writer prepare a work on moral science which
shall supersede both Paley and Wayland ?" Sure
enough, why not? and so educate the whole
world into a belief that slavery is morally right.
But their assaults upon free labor, and their ex-
pressions of contempt for it, are enough to rouse
the indignation of all workingmen who believe
that labor is an honest, honorable, and dignified
way of supporting themselves, and those who are
' dependent on them. Yet, when men buy and sell
their laborers and mechanics, they cannot be ex-
pected to have much respect for them. "Do you
want to hire a carpenter?" said a young man I
knew, who went South, to a gentleman evidently
making preparations to build. "No," said he,
" I bought one last week." They can buy black-
smiths and carpentersas well as ordinary laborers.
I cut the following advertisement from a Charles-
ton paper lately:
« Capers & Heyward will sell at private sale five intel-
ligent and competent boot and shoemakers, of the most
unexceptionable character. They would also make capa-
ble hou o servants. The best of reterenees given as to
capacity, honesty, and sobriety. Apply at our office, south
side of Adger's wharf."
How does this sound to northern shoemakers?
No strikes there for higher wages. Oh ! no; they
are taken care of when sick, and fed and clothed
at a cost of about fifty dollars per annum, each;
and this is a better consideration for the laborer
than oneof liberty,accordingto these Democratic
statesmen. In fact, men who labor for a liveli-
hood are slaves, in their estimation. A distin-
guished Senator [Mr. Hammond] says :
" Your whole hireling class of manual laborers and opera-
tives, as you call them, arc essentially slaves
Another eminent Senator says that slavery is
the natural condition of the laborer; that it has ex-
isted in ail ages of the world, and been the source
of every great civilization; while, on the con-
trary, free labor is an untried experiment, which
may work well and may not, though his opinion
inclines to the latter idea. Jefferson, and the
statesmen of his day, believed that man has by
nature certain inalienable rights.
But one of the most eminent of southern Sen-
ators, who is certainly a man of great abilities,
denies that man has any natural or inherent rights;
and says, all he can attain to are purely conventional,
and such as other men may allow him. Of course,
then, when one class of men have power enough
to enslave others, it is all right, and the slave can-
not plead that he is wronged at all. The condi-
tion of free white labor in the slave States is such
as to influence the minds of men in favor of the
idea that all laborers would be in a better condi-
tion if they were slaves. At least southern men,
resolved to defend slavery, may naturally come
to this conclusion from what they see around
them. We have some high-colored descriptions
of the happy condition of the free white laborers
at the South from gentlemen on this floor. It
would not become me to dispute the correctness
of these statements, with regaid to those localities
where they reside, and of which they speak es-
pecially. But we have well authenticated accounts
of the condition of the free white laborers at the
South which are of a different character entirely.
Most of them agree that the non-slaveholder is a
staunch defender of the peculiar institution; but
this is not surprising, when we reflect on their
belief that the abolition of slavery would elevate
the negro to an equality with themselves, and
destroy that caste, which is the source of thoir
pride and independence of feeling. In the lowest
depth of wretchedness to which he can descend,
the poor white man feels that there is a lower
deep still, and a class over whom he can tyran-
nize, and for whom he can still feel contempt.
But I wish to present some facts showing the
effect of slavery on free laborers in the slave
States. And first, education is grossly neglected,
and ignorance prevails to an alarming extent. Ac-
cording to the census of 1850, there were five hun-
dred and cjght thousand adult whites in the slave
States who could not read and write. The num-
ber in the free States at the same time was about
one hundred thousand less, though the white pop-
ulation was twice as large. And there ss another
fact in connection with this: the larger number of
these persons in the free States belong to the for-
eign-born population; while in the South, the ma-
jority are natives of the States where they reside.
Poverty and degradation are the fruits of this
excessive ignorance; and I quote from men well
acquainted with these free whites and their con-
dition in society.
Governor Hammond, in an address before the
South Carolina Institute, in 1850, speaking of the
poor whites, says:
"They obtain a piecarious subsistence by occasional
jobs, by hunting, by fishing, by plundering fields oi folds., and
too often by what ia in it^ effects far woiso—ttadnig with
slaves, and seducing them to piundci for their benefit.1'
A writerin DeBow's Review, which I presume
is good authority, in an article advocating the in-
troduction of manufactures at the South for the
purpose of employing the poor white population,
and rescuing them from the present degraded con-
dition, in alluding to the partial success of an
experiment in a small village, says:
" My experience at Granitevilte has satisfied mcthatun-
lc-33 our poor people can be brought togothoi in viilaees,and
some means of employment aH'oided them, it will be an
utterly hopeless effort to undertake to educate them."
* * * <. yvTc have collected at that place about eight
bundled people, and as likely looking a set of count) y guls
as maybe found—industrious and orderly people, but deplor-
ably ignorant, thiee fourths of the adults not being able to
read or to write their name." x " With
the aid ot ministers of the Gospel on the spot, to preach to
them and lecture them on the subject, we have obtained
but about sixty children for our t-chuol, of about a hundred
which are in this place. We are satisfied that nothing but
time and patience will enable us to bring them all out."
And again, from the same article, I give the
following extract:
"While we are aware that the northern and eastern
States find no difficulty in educating thcirpoor. we are icady
todespaii of success in the matter; for even penal laws
against the neglect of education would fail to bring many
of our country people to send their children to school."
* * * * " [ have long been under the impres-
sion, and eveiy day's experience has strengthened my
convictions, that th« evils exist m the wholly neglected
condition of this class of persons. Any man who is an
obseivcrof things, could hardly pass through our country
without being struck with the fact, that all the capital, en-
terprise, and intelligence, is employed in directing slave
labor; and the consequence is, that a large portion of our
poor white people are wholly neglected, and are suffered
to while away an existence m a state but one step in ad-
vance of the Indian of the forest. It is an evil of vast
magnitude, and nothing but a change in public sentiment
will effect its cuvc. These people must be brought into
daily contact with the rich and intelligent—they must be
stimulated to mental action, and taupht to appreciate* edu-
cation, and the comforts of civilized life." ' .
I beg leave to differ with-the writer,Und affirm
that no change in public sentiment can reach this
evil. Nothing but a change'of institutions will
prove effectual. Another extract alludes to the
influence of slavery in degrading labor: - .
- " ft is not to be disguised, nor can it be successfully con-
troverted, that a degree and extent of poverty and destitu-
tion exist in the southern States among a certain class of
people almust unknown in the manufacturing districts of
the North. The poor white man will endure tiie evils of
pinching poveity rather than engage in servile labor under
the existing state of things, oven were employment afforded
him, which is not general.' The white female is not wanted
at seivico, and if she were, she would, however humble in
the scale of society, consider such service a degree of deg-
radation to which she could not condescend ; and sheftas«,
thciefore, no resource but to suffer the pangs of want and
wretchedness. Boy-j and girl*, hy thousands, destitute both
of employment and the means of education, grow up to
ignorance and poverty, and, too many of tliem, vice and
ciime."
This condition of things might be expected in
a State where the most of the mechanics and la-
borers were mere chattels, and sold in market like
cattle find horses. Labor must necessarily be
degrading there. There are some employments
white men may engage in; but what they term
menial services must be performed by slaves. An
eloquent Senator, in a late speech, says:
" I should like to see one of the gentlemen,on tbe other
[Republican] side tiy to get a white man to black his boots
or curry his horae in'Texas; he migh t get curried himself!5
Mr. Chairroan, I am perfectly willing the peo-
ple in Texas should do as they please about this
or that kind of work, and that their Represents*
tives should say what they please about labor,
and term some kinds of service menial and de-
grading, if they think so. There is nothing new
about it; I have heard this kind of talk for many
years. It docs not sound much like " the grand
utterance of the early gods"—Franklin,Sherman,
and their associates, who lived in those days "when
there were giants in the land. It may do for south-
ern latitudes; but I pray God, in his mercy, to
preserve the young men of the North from .a
belief in it.
I was born in the mountains of New England,
and brought up, thank God, to work, and to be-
lieve in the dignity of labor, and that it was neces-
sary to the health andhappinessofthenmn,andto
the progress and improvement of the human race.
I was not taught that any man could be degraded
by the faithful performance of any needed service;
and to-day I had rather earn my bread by any
honest employment, however humble, than by
raising slaves for market. If any labor that is
necessary is degrading to. freemen, then slayery
should be universal; and £ protest against the
premises and the conclusion.
It is but a short time since all laborers were
slaves; and despite the opinions of Democratic
statesmen, I see nothing in the history of those
days that tempts me to desire a return of them,
if it were possible. The useful arts were almost
unknown. There were men of genius—sculptors
who could almost make the marble breathe, archi-
tects who built churches and cathedrals and pal-
aces of marvelous beauty, at the bidding of kings
—but they could not make a plow or build a saw-
mill. Labor-saving machinery wasunknown;and
not until the laborer was free and educated did
the arts make any progress, and the world begin
to move. But with the intelligent workman came
the invention of machinery for lightening toil,
and then two hands became ten thousand, and the
world was filled with wonders. The South were
commencing the cultivation of cotton, but sepa-
rating the seed was a slow and expensive process,
and placed a limit to its production. One of that
despised class among southern men, who cannot
live there now, a Yankee schoolmaster, invented
the gotton-gin, by which an immense amount of
labor was saved, and countless millions added to
the wealth of the cotton-growing States. Richard
Arkwright, who was engaged in the menial occu-
pation of a barber, invented machinery for spin-
ning; the power-loom soon followed, and cotton
was king.
In every department of industry we have wit-
nessed the same miraculous transformations and
the same wonderful progress, till we cease to be
astonished, and these miracles in the world of
