846
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
victim. His rofim at the hotel where he was
staying1 adjoined the apartments which a friend of
mine occupied with his wife and family. When,
after some night of unusual pain and restlessness,
during which he had been deprived of all sleep
by his distressing cough, they would inquire after
his condition, he never failed to express 'Mils
regret at having, as he feared, disturbed and an-
noyed them." His life throughout was marked
with kindness and consideration for others.
He was awarmand constant friend, andl shall
never forget the truthful and fueling tribute, full of
manly sensibility, which I heard him deliver at
the commencement of my first Congress, to the
memory of his loved and esteemed friend, Senator
Butler, of my own State. Little did I imagine at
that time that I would so soon perform the same
act of sad and mournful homage to his own mem-
ory.
Mr. Goode possessed a clear and vigorous in-
tellect, which he had assiduously improved by
study and a liberal course of reading. He had
the logical faculty in a high degree; and no man
reasoned more closely from his premises to his
conclusion. He was indefatigable in labor, and
^ so conscientious in the discharge of his duty that
he could not rest until he had completed any thing
he undertook. Those of us who were with him
in the last Congress can well remember how faith-
fully he discharged the onerous duties which were
constantly devolved upon him as chairman of the
Committee for the District of Columbia. And
this, too, at a time when his wasted frame—too
- clearly proclaiming his approaching dissolution—
seemed incapable of enduring the slightest phys-
ical or mental exertion. Whatever his hand found
to do, he did if with all his might. His great
strength of will and ever-abiding sense of duty
alone sustained him during his last months in
Congress. He was a man of admirable method in
the discharge of his business; calm and collected
always; doing one thing at a time; perfecting it
to his best ability, and then laying it aside to take
up immediately something else. In this way he
accomplished, without confusion or display, an
amount of work which, in the condition of his
health, was truly surprising.
But, sir, it was not so much the cultivated mind,
the courteous manners, the refined tastes, the par- j
liamentary ability, or even the thoroughly-sound
political opinions, according to my convictions,
of my departed friend which excited my admira-
tion and commanded my respect, as the entire
purity and probity of his character. There was
a moral elevation about it which I have never seen
surpassed. It always seemed to me as if it were
impossible for him to do or say anything mean or
false, to be influenced by any selfish or interested
motive in the discharge of his duty, or to be gov-
erned by any other consideration than his earnest
love for the Truth and the Right. And this was
the impression which he uniformly made on all
with whom he was thrown m contact. Can any
nobler tribute be paid to his memory than this?
But it is not the sole purpose of occasions like
the present to do honor to the dead, and to gratify
the affectionate pride of surviving friends. We
speak to the living—wo speak for the living like-
wise. We hold up examples for their commend-
ation, in the hope that they will incite to then*
imitation. And, oh, what a glorious career might
political life become if such men as Goode abound-
ed more among our public men—what a glorious
career might there be for the country! But no
true life is ever lived wholly in vain. • I will in-
dulge the iiope that the example of the one which
has just so honorably terminated may have .some
effect in rousing up the quiet, retired, and educated
classes, who are withdrawing more and more
from public affairs, and induce them, at least, to
reflect whether, as good citizens, they ou^ht, in
the enjoyment of selfish ease, to refuse their help
in shaping the destinies of their country—whether
they have the right to shift the burden from their
own shoulders upon those of (alas! too frequent-
ly) the ignorant, the incompetent, the, designing,
and the ennupt. °
The noble example of William 0. Goode will
not easily be forgotten. The memory of his use-
ful and beautiful life will not soon pass away.
The great State which h" borvrd so long and so-
well has never been ungrateful to her sons. ltThe
mother of statesmen," she knows not only how
to nurture and to rear, but how to reward them
! living, and honorjhem dead. Her confidence is
j not lightly given or withdrawn; and thus it is that
j her public .servants, as in the case of our deceased
I friend, have the long training and experience so
j essential to any successful participation in public
' affairs. From h;s earliest manhood, Mr. Goode
was in public life, m the Legislature of his State
or in the Federal Congress, and thioughout that
long career was without reproach or suspicion as
to his honesty as a politician, or his integrity and
honor as a man ! 0, rare instance of unlimited
trust never abused ! of unshaken confidence never
impaired by envy or detraction 1 And shall we let
it pass without taking home to our hearts the les-
son which it teaches ? Shall we not hold it up to
the eyes of the rising generation who in course of
time must take their places in the halls of fegisla-
tion? It is a lesson plain to read, easy to remem-
ber—but requiring a brave and truthful spirit, like
his who has left us, to practice without faltering.
It lies in one word—" Duty-." That was-the in-
scription on the banner under which our friend
fought a life-long light, and he fell with its folds
wrapped closely around him. Duty, with him,
was always the first and the last consideration.
Everything else was subservient and secondary.
It was his pole star—his heavenly beacon—by
which he calmly steered his course, no matter
how dark the night or tempestuous the sea. And
he* has safely finished the voyage of life, and en-
tered the port of immortality. There the shining
waters flow placidly; #o dangers threaten and no
storms arise. Peace to his ashes ! Honor to*his
memory! For ourselves, this teaching which his
whole life affords—
" Powers depart,
Possessions vanish, and opijiona change;
And passion holds a fluctuating peat; $
But 'mid^t Hit! stonn uf circumstance unshaken,
And subject neither to eclipse nnr wane,
Duty exists—immutably survives"
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The act which we
perform to-day in memory of the deceased Rep-
resentative from Virginia, is an ancient and be-
fitting observance. It does honor to the dead; it
reminds us of our own mortality. No more im-
pressive scene is ever witnessed in this Chamber.
Envy holds her breath; partisan bitterness is
hushed for a moment, and even silexce, that rare
visitant here, extends her tranquillizing wings for
a little while over us. In this spirit let us approach
this last solemn office of fellowship, and with the
sobered earnestness which becon>'s these sad cere-
monies and the chastened moderation due to his-
toric truth, let us discharge it. Exaggerated eulo-
gy, however pardonable in too partial friendship,
has long since been exhausted upon these occa-
sions, and we but too often repeat the folly of the
barbarians, who, worshiping a fly, offered up an
ox in sacrifice. Honoring the dead, let us who
yet live learn at the same time to be wiser, and to
do better for the rest of our lives, from this study
of his character and example.
My acquaintance with the deceased member
from Virginia was but limited. I knew him per-
sonally as a Representative in the Thirty-Fifth
Congiess; but I had from boyhood known him
by name as one among the most eminent of the
public men of the Ancient Dominion. His life
and public services I do not propose to rehearse.
The gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Miles]
has anticipated me in saying that they have already
been exhibited in fitting terms by the eloquent gen-
tleman [Mr. Pryor] who succeeds to his place.
Although I may not say that Mr. Goode was
one of those great historic characters who mark
the eras in a nation's annals, yet he unquestion-
ably possessed more than one of those high and
rare qualities without which no man and no states-
man can be truly great. Born m Vugmia, and
soon after the Revolution, reared m " the honest-
est and most virgin times" of the Republic, and
among the great and good men of an age and a
State full of great men and patriots, certainly
without these qualities he could not have com-
manded the confidence of the people for nearly
forty years, in so many and such distinguished
public stations. °
William 0. Goode was an honest man in pub-
lic <md in pri\ ate lite. Sincere in his con victions,
earnest in his purposes, he meant always to bl-
and to do right. He was neither a demagogue nor
a mere partisan. While he had wisdom enough
and consistency enough to respect party haGi-
tudes, he obeyed not blindly the beln-stsof party.
He scorned that vulgar and polluting partisan
school of ethics which would lay down one rule
:■ of conduct for private, and another for pulrii<,
ij life, and which proclaims m exetrable cant that
"all is fair in politics." Far higher and nobh-r
were the political philosophy and morals which
he had learned and which he practiced. He rec-
ognized in theory and in action that great modi rn
fact ho slowly acknowledged and so continually
ignored, that there is a code of ethics in political
life, as well defined, as firmly settled, as pure and
elevated, and as obligatory upon tin; citizen and
upon the public man alike, as the sublime doc-
trines of Socrates and of Cicero, or the holier and
sublimer precepts still of the Sermon upon the
Mount.
But Mr. Goode was something more than hon-
est: he was just. Many an honest man is yet
unjust; and justice in public life and in the private
political relation is raierthan honesty. Honesty
springs from the heart, and is, in some degree, an
impulse: justice belongs to the head, and is a fixed
principle of conduct. It renders to every man his
due. Honest himself, he was just enough to con-
cede honesty of purpose and rectitude in action
to other men and parties with which he was in
antagonism. He acted continually, too, under a
sense of duty, and he acted, therefore, always
well. A German writer has said, delicately, that
there are two things supiomely beautiful in this
world :—the starry sky above our heads and the
sense of duty in our hearts. This sense of duty
seemed ever present in his heart to whom we pay
now these honors. And he had, also, that firm-
ness of purpose without which every virtue loses
more than half its worth. Thus he united in him-
self the justus et tenax which filled the measure of
poetic eulogy, even in the declining age of the
Roman commonwealth. And to all this I may
| add that though not of brilliant genius, he was
yet a wise, prudent and sagacious public man.
Mr. Goode was also a pure man—pure in pii-
Aate morals and in public morals; pure in spirit
and pure in speech. He was a quiet man, too,
and did the business of this House quietly. H<>
was a pious man, in the ancient and nobler sense
of the word—pious in his relations to the Supreme
Being, to Ins family, to his friends, his country,
and the wortd at large. Moreover lie was a man
j; of honor, and a gentleman in his manners and in
if his instincts. "Without all these duly blended and
jj combined into one, no man, however eminent his
|| abilities, can be a truly great statesman. The
} ancient rhetoricians had a maxim that no one
j could be a/i orator except lie were a good man,
j Far more strictly ought this mle to be applied to
i him who would mold the manners, habits, opin-
! ions, and the laws, and control the destinies of a
j whole people.
j Combining thus within himself these several
excellencies, m a degree which I have not exag-
I gerated, of William*0. Goode it may be justly
! said: In him was rirfus Scipiadiz et mitis sapientia
I Loth—the virtue of the Scipios and the mild wis-
dom of Laslius.
The resolutions were unanimously agreed to;
and thereupon (at ten minutes before two o'clock,
p. rn.) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 21, I860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gvulf.t.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
REVISION" OF JOINT HULLS.
i; The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed Mr.
! Bright, Mr. Pearce. and Mr. Foot, the com-
mittee nil the part of the .Semite, to join the com-
mittee ot the House of Representatives,appointed
to revise the joint rules of the two Houses.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION?.
^ The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid befor" the
j Senate a report of the Secretary of W<"\ com-
j municating, in obedience to law', a of
'i the expenses of the national aimorit s, and  he
I arms and appendages made ther.-au dunn" the
| year ending 30th June, l$yj: which was <>rd< i,d
I to be on the table.
j He ai?>o laid In-fore the St naie a report of the
j Secretary of War, <,ommuni<,atinu:, in obi di"ii'V
i to law, a statement of the contingent expenses
