I860.}
APPENDIX TO THE GONGEESSIONAL GILOBE.
36th Cong.... 1st Sess. Executive Protest, Prerogatives, and Patronage—Mr. Beale.
Bj®a.
But my time is expiring, and I must close.
The Democracy have been in power for eight
years past, and did as they pleased in all respects,
and what is the result? I cannot speak of the waste
of the public treasure in detail, but merely state the
fact, that while the party could not spare $50,000
for improving the St. Clair Plats, they have man- !
aged to expend over one hundred million dollars
more in the eight years than our Government did
the first forty years of its existence, which in-
cluded the entire expense of the last war with
England. They draw a doleful picture of the
present condition of the country, and I presume
they tell the truth. They found it peaceful and
prosperous; no dissensions, and no public debt;
and they have saddled us with a national debt of
some magnitude, created a great sectional party,
and filled the whole country with strife and lashed
the popular feeling into fury. The people are
weary of this useless agitation and of the policy
of the party that compels its adoption, and have
fiven them notice to quit the capital on the 4th of
larch next. They have nominated an honest
man for the Presidency, and they will elect him.
He will take possession on the 4th of March, and
say to this troubled sea of politics: "iJe still!1'—
and there will be a great calm.
We have been told the South will not suffer us
to inaugurate a Republican President; that they
will blow us out of the capital at the cannon's
mouth, secede from "the Worth, and all that.
Well, I have sometimes, when riding on a train
of cars, seen a little dog rush out of a farm-house,
yelping furiously at the locomotive, as if he ex-
pected to drive it off the track. But the iron horse
ran the fastest, and the worst of all was, that
every time the poor dog opened his mouth to
bark, he lost ground. Ha could not bark and
run too. It is so with those who are denouncing
the Republican party, and preaching disunion.
Every time they open their mouths they lose
ground. •
Mr. Chairman, I think they will conclude to
let us inaugurate Lincoln; that is my opinion.
But, seriously, this talk aboutdisunion is all folly,
and every sane man knows it. So long as the
President administers the Goveinmentin accord-
ance with the law and th« Constitution, hb will
beobeyed; butshould he attempt to violate either,
the people everywhere would consign him to a
traitor's doom. Disunion is impossible. We
bought the Southwest because we would not per-
mit a foreign Power to hold possession of the
mouth of the Mississippi. We paid for it, and
we shall keep it; that you can depend o'n.
Mr. Chairman, we have been advised to buy
Cuba, at a cost of $300,000,000, and admit her
into the Union. Well, suppose we should. If
secession be constitutional, the first time we re-
fused to do what her members in Congress de-
mand, Cuba would secede and leave us—minus
the "Gem of the Antilles" and $300,000,000. I
think our Democratic brothers would objoct to
that. Sir, disunion is impossible, and no northern
armies will be found necessary to prevent it.
There are hundreds of thousands of southern
patriots who will never see tliis Union sundered
—never, never, never! Read the electric words
that came leaping from the heart of that glorious
old man—Robert J. Breckinridge, of Kentucky—
rebuking these disunion doctrines. He tells us
that he loves the South, and loves her institu-
tions; but, said he:
"I am an American citizen, and I deny, with uplifted
hand, the right of any couit, any Congress, any President,
any State, or any combination of Statea under to
abolish from among men that highest of all human titles."
Paint these words on your banneis, and hun-
dreds of thousands of southern hearts would beat
like a drum in battle at the sightof them. They
love this Union, and they will preserve it, and
bequeath it to their posterity ir. all its vastness,
stretching from the Atlantic to the Pacific, and
from the great Lakes to the Gulf of Mexico,
united, as of old, and more glorious than ever.
And when death shall find them under the more
than Italian splendor of their sunny skies, the
flag of their country will be floating in every sea
ana every clime; its starry beauty undimmed, and
the great nation, of whose power it is the symbol,
still united, and feared and honored throughout
the world!
EXECUTIVE PROTEST, PREROGATIVES, AND
PATRONAGE.
SPEECH OF HON. C. L. BEALE,
OF NEW YORK,
Iir the House of Representatives,
June 12, 1860.
The Homa being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. BEALE said:
Mr. Ciia.ir.man: I ask that the resolutions sub-
mitted to the House of Representatives on the 5th
day of March last, by the honorable gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr.CovoDE,] be read by the
Clerk.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" Resolved, That a committee of five members be ap-
pointed by the Speaker, for the purpose of investigating
whether the President of the United States, or any other
officer of the Government, ha?, by money, patronage, or
othef improper means, sought to influence the action of
Congress, or any commitee thereof, for or against the pas-
sage of any law appertaining to the rights of any State or
Territory ; also to inquiie into and investigate whether any
officer and officers of tile Government have, by combina-
tion or otherwise, prevented and defeated, orattcinpted to
prevent or defeat, the execution of any law or laws now
upon the statute-books, and whether the Presidenthas failed
or refused to compel the execution oi any law,thereof; that
said committee shall investigate and inquire into the abuses
at the Chicago and other post offices, and at the Philadel-
phia and other navy-yards, and into any abuses in connec-
tion with the public buildings, and other public works of the
United States.
u JixaI resolved, further, That as the President, in Ills let-
ter to the Pittsburg centenary celebration of the 25th No-
vember. 1838, speaks of the employment of money to cairy
elections, said committee shall inquire into and ascertain
the amount 5>o used in Pennsylvania, and any other State
or States ; in whatdistricts it was expended, and by whom,
and by whose authority it was done, and from what souie^
the money wav denved, and to report the names ol tfic
parties implicated ; and that, for the purpose aforefaid/said
committee shall have powei to send for peisons and papers,
and report at any time." * /
Mr. BEALE, Sir, the special " message of the
President of the United States, protesting against
these resolutions, and certain proceedings of the
House of Representatives thereon," presented to
that body on the 28th of March last,.excited great
surprise, and produced a deep impression upon
Use public mind.
For the first time in our political history, the
executive department of the Government has at-
tempted to arrest the action of the Representa-
tives, violating their privileges, and reprimanding
them in terms of severity.
These Representatives arc fresher from the
people than the President, and might be supposed
to reflect with more clearness their will; and both
will render, at the same time, an account of their
stewardship.
To the people we are alone responsible. To
them, through this House, the President has
appealed, and before that tribunal we are willing
t0
We have been charged by the President with a
violation of the trust reposed in us, and with an
invasion of his rignts and immunities. If such
be the case, we are censurable. If, on the con-
trary, Representatives have but done their duty,
and if the allegations contained in the protest are
unfounded in fact, or unfair of inference, we owe
it to our constituencies that the powers and priv-
ileges of the popular branch of the national Legis-
lature shall not be questioned.
I have said that this paper created surprise
throughout the country; not less so, if appear-
ances indicated aright, in the party with which
the President professes to be connected, and
among its representative men on the floor of
this House. Beyond the sunshine of executive
smiles, the masses of that party condemned or
deprecated it; and some among those who enjoy
his liberality—" whom he has made, and not they
themselves; who are the people of hisbountyand
the sheep of his band"—have dared to whisper
dissent to the assumptions of this protest.
A.nd upon the other side of this Chamber there
were honorablegentlemen who kindled not readily
at the wrongs which Republicanism had inflicted
upon the head of their great party—gentlemen
who have carefully kept themselves inside of the
Democratic organization throughout the session,
unless the majority resolutions reported at Charles-
ton, and those other resolutions recently
by the DemQcratic majority of the Senate ijbali
operate in bar of any future claim to. that appel-
lation. - r. t
It appeared to me that the President found hut
few sympathizers with his peculiar views q£ ex-
ecutive prerogatives and immunities, and. that
thqse gentlemen who came to his, rescue on that
occasion took counsel of their gallantry; rather
than of their deliberate judgments: Like the
English brigade in the Crimea1, although con-
scious that " somebody blundered," yet urged
by the admirable discipline of the Democratic
party— . > .
" There's not to reason why, , .
There's but to do and die;
Into this valley of death"
Rode the half a hundred."
The'honorable gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Bocock,] who entered most zealously upon the
defense of the President, did not attempt wholly
to sustain the propositions contained in this pro-
test; and, indeed, the only point which he h^ade,
with any satisfaction to himself, was the " ft*
quaquc" argument addressed by him to the chair-
man of the investigating committee, the honorable
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Covode;]
and even that argument partook more of an adroit
parliamentary finesse, intended to draw away
pnblic attention from the issue, than as any an-
swer to that gentleman, or any justification of the
President.
While the honorable gentleman from .Virginia
reminded the House of the epic hero striving to
bear his aged father and the gods of his household
from the enemy, it could well be remarked that
his piety exceeded his filial love; that he cared
more for the gods of the Democracy than for the
at present aged, trembling, and blind form who
sustains them.
I have said that the presentation of this protest
stands alone upon the record of our country's
past. The protest sent in by President Jackson
to the Senate of the United States, April 15,1834,
and which evidently suggested the present one,
cannot be compared with it. They differ,, toto
ccelo, in the provocation, in the body.to which
they were addressed, in the subject-matter dis-
cussed, and in the character ana extent of the
powers asserted and denied in each. The one ol
President Jackson was addressed to .the Senate
of the United States, relative to a condemnatory
resolution passed by that body, when the Presi-
dent had enjoyed no opportunity of trial upon
the grave charges made against him; which res-
olution was as follows:
Resolved, That the President, in the late executive
proceeding in relation to the public revenue, has assuihed
upon himself authority and power not conferred fey. the
Constitution and laws, but in derogation of both."
President Jackson protested against the passage
of this resolution:
1. Because the Senate was not, under the Con-
stitution, an accusing body, but a tribunal.
2. That if the allegations in the resolution con-
tained were true, he was liable to impeachment,
which impeachment must be tried before the Sen-
ate.
3. That the Senate, having prejudged his case,
could not be considered an impartial tribunal.
4. That all accusations tendjng towards im-
peachment should originate in the House of Rep-
resentatives.
The resolutions passed on the 5th of March,
and against which the President protests—
1. Were not passed by the Senate, but by the
House of Representatives.
2. Were not condemnatory, but of inquiry
simply.
Had the President carefully examined the pro-
test of his predecessor, he could not have failed
to perceive a full recognition of the power, in the
House of Representatives, to do all which it has
done in this case.
President Jackson, in that protest, speaking of
the President, says:
" Indirectly, also, his conduct may come under revision
in either branch of the Legislature, or in the Senate, when
acting in us exeeuuve capacity, and so far as the execu-
tive or legislative proceedings of these bodies may require
it, it may be examined by them."
I cannot conceive how the term " indirectly"
can have a more appropriate application than in
the resolution of inquiry adopted by the House.
