1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2811
<'/f this controversy about printing, I have nothing
to uy, of course.
The VICK PRESIDENT. Docs the Senator
fr"M New York accept the modification of the
Senator from Illinois?
Mr. KING. Yes, sir.
Tin: VICK PRESIDENT. Then it is moved
thai the special order, and all other orders of the
day, be postponed until one o'clock, if necessary,
to take up the report of the select committee on
pnniing.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. KING. Now, Mr. President, I simply
ask that the resolutions which were presented,
and a^tod upon m committee, and which are con-
ta'ncd in the journal of the committee, be read.
X'M'ro is one other resolution adopted by the com-
lriittf,-!' which ! deem it proper should be read also,
akhouga it is not of public interest. It is a reso-
lution that was unanimously adopted in commit-
tee.
Mr. SLIDELL. That portion of the journal
that refers to the resolutions will be sufficient.
Mr. KING. I v/as going to state, the resolu-
tion tu which I refer was adopted unanimously.
It is 1 n relation to the Superintendent of Public
Printing; but it will be read with the resolutions.
It was adopted on the last day of the session of
the committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
read the portions indicated by the Senator from
New York.
Mr. .SLIDELL. The Secretary had better
read the resolutions first, and that portion of the
journal that refers to the resolutions.
Mr. KING. I am content with any order that
may be adopted.
The Secretary read, os follows:
uT!ie committee submit the following resolutions, and
as!* to b? ch^chaiged horn the further consideration of the
snivel:
" Resolvedj That the lawsregul'itingthcpricesandmode
of public piiiit'nv?, and the abuses necessarily g] owing out
ol the exp.Midituie thereof, requite reform.
•• llcsolved. That the Committee on Public Printing be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of piovidtns; bj
law lor executing the public printing and binding by con-
tract to tne lowest bidd -r, who shall give security for exe-
cuting the woik. or in such other mode as they may deem
mci«t expedient/1
Air. KL^G. Now that the views of the mi-
nority may be understood, I will ask the reading
of the resolutions that were offered in committee.
Mr. SLIDELL. I understood that when this
question was hist up the Senator from New York
oil'-led en amendment to one of the resolutions,
and that is pending.
Mr. KING. I do not know that I offered it.
Mr. SLIDELL. I think you did.
Mr. KING. If I did, it is there with the Sec-
n tary, I suppose. 1 do not know whether I of-
fi.ii'.fit or not. 1 want to get at tilts subjcctinthe
ri,.'at brief manner possible. I do not propose to
dr-iussit. .
The Secretary read from the journal of the com-
mittee, as follows:
'• Kino suggested to tile committee a series of three
re-"'iUions:
' 1. Ilaolcal, That the laws regulating the prices of pub-
lic 11; i!i! 111. iuii! the abuses piacticed m the expenditure ol
money drawn Hum the public Tieasuiy on account of pub-
1k- pM'itms, leqiuie refoun.
Mr. Si.iiH i.i moved to amend the lesolutioil by striiv-
li" out and -nb.Muting the loilmving:
■■ R' to in'.!. Tn.it the law.- r"gulating the prices and mode
:1,1k- printi.nr. and the abuses iicce.sauly growing out
oi tiie expenditisie theuuf. lequire lelorni.
■•Tne amendment wa, agi.'ei! to—ayes 3, noe- 3.
Thotc \t>!in:-: ni the ollnnuitivo were M "i<ri . Miuell,
rotveii, ami kennedj.
•k In the ih native, w ere Messrs Kins* and Anthony.
iiiw.'ivi.', 'J'hat l lie Committee on 1'ubhc Punting he
i.i^unct, it to int'mie into the expediency of pro\k!lllgby
!,r,'. t. t executing the public punting and binding by con-
ti " l ' ' tile lowc-t inddt'i, v/i.o silail give seeunty lor exe-
c ir in;: tin-uoik. .
-■ \ii. r-i ini-i.t. moved to amend by adding, oi m sticll
olii." in ide a^ thin inav deem most expedient.'
■ i'lio .iniendnienl was agreed to—aycr. a, noes 2.
"Tlio-r V, ho \ oli d 1,1 (he allinnative weie Messrs. bli-
<\"|i. I'm; ell, a"d Kennedy.
•• in the no Mlivi', Mesi-i-. King ami Anthony.
>• 11. /.'"wii-e,!, Tliat the transler by George . Bowman
o" tin- p'nili'i' oi tiie Senate to John C. Rives is a violation
o; il„- law, uhich foibids ttie sale or liansfci', directly or
nid, ie"tl\. ol tile Olhee ol Punier ol the Sonata.
'i'lii-'icsolimoii was not agreed to—ay es noes j.
Too- ', oui'i! in tiie a'liriname were Messrs. King and
A'"in the negaiive. Mcssis. Slidell, Powell,and Kennedy.''
Mr. KING. There is another resolution offered
by iho ,Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Powell,]
ol
which was unanimously adopted, and which I
wish may be read. Imputations were made on
Mr. Heart, the present Superintendent of Public
Printing. The matter was very thoroughly in-
vestigated in the committee, and we were satisfied
there were no just imputations resting on him;
and as they were disposed to acquit him from any
such charge, there was a resolution passed to that
effect; which I ask may be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
" On motion of Mr. Powell, it was unanimously
-- Resolved, That, in the opinion of the committee, there
is nothing in the testimony tending to impeach the integrity
or efficiency of Mr. John ilealt, Superintendent of Public
Piinting."
Mr. KING. I only asked the reading of that
resolution to give publicity to the opinion of the
committee. There is a question upon the resolu-
tions as presented by the Senator from Louisiana.
It is in regard to the word " necessarily " in the
first resolution. The minority of the committee
believe, top, that the. transfer by Mr. Bowman
of the business of his office to Mr. Ri.ves was a
violation of the law, which vacated his office.
The majority of the commiltee did not so con-
ceive the effect of the law to be. I will not pre-
sent the question here after the discussion that
has been had about it and the action of the Senate.
It is a subject about which there is doubt. I will
not raise that question, however; but I desired to
have the resolutions read, that our opinions might
be presented to the Senate. The only question I
will present to the Senate is, whether the abuses
were the necessary result of this matter of print-
ing, or whether they grew up improperly and
without any necessity for them. 1 think myself
that there was no sort of necessity for the abuses
that have been practiced. 1 move to strike out
the word " necessarily "from the first resolution;
and which I ask may be read, as I propose to
amend it.
The Seers tary read the amendment, in line four
of the first resolution, to strike out the word
"necessarily;" so that it will read:
Resolved, That the laws regulating the prices and amount
of public printing, and the abuses giowtng out of tile ex-
pendituies tilcreloi, require reform.
Mr. SLIDELL. I should really like to have
some statement of facts from the Senator from
New York, or a direet allegation, to point out the
particular instances in which he seeks to throw
any blame upon the different departments of the
Governmental the execution of this law. J" want
j some special allegation.
| Mr. KING. 1 will state: one of the most ob-
i vious and direct abuses was in the mode in which
I the Post Office blanks were ordered and printed,
! and the accounts audited for them. Two, three,
j four, or half a dozen orders were made in a day,
and "composition allowed tor each order, when
l there was no fitness, necessity, or propriety in it
1 Arrangements and bargains were made with the
| printer by which a portion of the funds that he
| received for public printing, or amounts of money,
were taken from him to support newspapers.
I He himself contributed immense sums of money
; for the purpose of influencing elections, both in
! congressional districts and m general elections.
1 These are abuses that 1 do not think necessarily
! <vr0\V out of the public pointing; and therefore 1
desire the word " necessarily " to be stricken out.
1 am not willing to admit that_ these abuses are
necessary abuses ill the adniimstiation ol the
Government itself.
Mr. SLIDELL. Mr. President, I do not feel
disposed to go over the whole ground ot this con-
troversy. It was very fully occupied in the re-
port made by the majority of the committee, who
examined the subjeet with great caic and delib-
eration; and, I think, have given a faithful state-
ment of all the facts connected with it. Now,
the idea of the committee is this—it is the cardi-
nal principle that runs throughout their whole
report: that this system of electing in either branch
of Congress a Public Printer neeessanly leads to
abuse-"that until that system be reformed, how-
' , .1 I .   sw, fhft (vAl*.
asrent
first place, we all know—it is idle to talk^about
this matter—that this is a pai t of party wwcummry
employed indiscriminately by every paity. .am
not disposed to say that one party woulu a.uise
it to a trreater extent than the other. I claim no
superiority on that ground for the Democratic
party. 1 think that, where they had an unre-
strained majority in eitherHousoorboth braneher
of Congress, they would be very apt, if theyliafi
a favorite elected, to endeavor to make his emol-
uments as reasonably large as possible—perhaps
might make them extravagantly large, we con-
sider this is at the root of the whole evil. Now,
it has been shown distinctly that none of tKe
higher'functionaries of the Government has ever
meddled in this matter at all; I mean as such.
The Senator has appealed to the testimony of
Mr. Wendell; and he says that Mr. Wendell has
expended $100,000 for political and electioneering
purposes, and that that is an abuse growing out
of the expenditure of public money. Now,even
admitting that to be the fact, it would not neces-
sarily follow that there was any improper con-
duct upon the part of any of the officers of the
Government. It would only show that a very
large sum had been placed at the disposition of the
Public Printer by the legislation of Congress,
which he could use according to his own discre-
tion. Now, in the first place, I say, and I am
sustained by the majority of the committee in
saying, that anything asserted by Mr. Wendell,
even under the sanction of an oath, unless sup-
ported by the testimony of credible witnesses, is
not to be believed. That point the committee has
asserted very decidedly. Therefore, I will put
him out of the question; he is discredited. But
admitting all that he says to be true: what thenr
Mr. Wendell says that, in the course of four
years, he expended $100,000 for political and
electioneering purposes. Plow much of that may
have gone to gentlemen of the other party at the
other side of this building is yet a mystery; it
may be solved some of these days; it probably is
in the course of solution now. Mr. Wendell,
according to all the testimony—not only the tes-
timony of himself, but of others—says that it
cost him $20,000 a year to keep up the Union.
There is $80,000 out of the $100,000 already ac-
counted for. Mr. Megargee, a witness who was
examined, and rather an unwilling witness,says
he understood from Wendell himself that all his
political disbursements were not confined to the
advancement of the interests of the Democratic
party; that Wendell gave money freely for the
support of a candidate for Congress who might
have been Ins personal and political friend; he did
it from his own volition; and,atrthebest,making
the allowances resulting fiom Mr. Megargcc's
statement, Wendell could not have expended, be-
yond the amount he says it cost him to sustain
the Union for four years, more than from twelve
to twenty thousand dollars for electioneering pur-
poses. Be this as it may, it is proven that he
was neither stimulated to do this, nor was he en-
couraged in doing it, by any officer of the Gov-
ernment—especially not by the President, who
emphatically rebuked him "for his course in that
particular.
Now, sir, a word as regards the Post Office
blanks. I wish to be perfectly frank on this sub-
ject; and the committee, I think, went into the
investigation—the majority of the committee cer-
tainly—with no other purpose than to elicit the
truth, and to make a fair and honest report. As
regards the Post Office blanks, there is abuse.
Where that abuse originated, I hope may some
day be discovered. 1 am not prepared to say
where it is. But what is the state of the case?
Congress passed a law, ill 1852, by which, after
providing generally lor the public pruning, it was
declaied dint ail the printing should be performed
under the direction of the Superintendent of Pub-
lie Printing—m office at that time created—except
such portions of the printing as might be required
for use out of Washington, and which could be
done out of Washington oil teims as low as
here. The only branch of the public printing that
has ever been executed out of Washington, under
that law, is the printing of the Post Office blanks.
The prices were fixed by law; and ii is not pre-
tended that any sum has ever been paid that the
law did not allow on a proper construction. The
evil has been m the execution of the law. The
principal sourcc of profit arose out of chaigcs foi
composition. The law declared that no charge
for composition should be allowed where the only
change m the blanks was the name of the post-
master; but, by an established usage of the office,
it has ever been customary to mint the name oi
