1868
THIS CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 26,
judgment almost contemplating the future with
the inspiration of a prophet, Jefferson stood up
the resolute enemyof Federal usurpation; and de-
manding for the people and the States the posses-
sion of every attribute of sovereignty not clearly
surrendered by the Federal compact, and gather-
ing around him the men of a like vigorous faith,
the Democratic party—not indeed in name,-but
in principle—was inaugurated as the palladium
of the constitutional and reserved rights of the
people.
That party, sir, composed of the masses, who
have never lost faith in themselves—embracing
in its ranks the men whose confidence in mankind
has inspired thegreatestachievements,and whose
names have become the most illustrious in our
history—has moved on with the Republic through
the vicissitudes of more than half a century, and
met every crisis without fear and without hesita-
tion. In its consistency it illustrates the organiz-
ing effects of principle.- It has never denied its
measures or repudiated its record. In its early
vigor it struck down the laws invading the free-
dom of speech and the sovereignty of the States,
which Congress, in defiance of the Constitution,
had enacted. It resisted the power and corrup-
tions of wealth ; the demands of commerce, and
the fiercely vindictive anathemas of opposing fac-
tions, ana wrested the nation from the grasp of
that insatiable spoiler, the Bank of the United
States. It withstood the allurements of visionary
splendor and the specious arguments of local in-,
terests, which demanded an invasion of the Con-
stitution in the establishment of a tariff for pro-
tection -and the building up of a giant system of
internal improvement. Its measures of policy
have become the institutions of the country. It
has clung to the Constitution as our fathers made
it, as the ark of the nation's safety. It has stood
by the Union, and resisted the fanaticism which
would destroy it, and denounced an infringement
on the constitutional rights of any State as an act
of natiohal dishonor. It has watched with sleep-
less vigilance over the reserved rights; and though
its leaders have faltered, neither the demands of
policy, nor the interests of party, nor the clamor-:
ous suggestions of the hour, have ever induced it
to consent to a limitation on the sovereignty of
the people by the assumption of unconstitutional
power by the Congress of the United States.
The slavery agitation, which grew out of the
attempt by Cs-ngress to impose restrictions on the
domestic policy of Missouri, as a condition of her
admission into the Union, if history is to be be-
lieved, was the result of party spirit in a malig-
nant struggle for political ascendency. The men
who framed the Constitution had withdrawn from
the active theater of life, and left the Government
in its youthful vigor to the new generation, who,
in the blindness of party zeal, forgot the moder-
ate counsels in which the Union was formed, and
the Missouri compromise was enacted as a meas-
ure of temporary safety. The Democratic party,
as such, never consented to the measure. It was
an act of Federal aggression. Madison ques-
tioned its constitutionality, and Jefferson, in
words of indignant eloquence, denounced it as an
act of " treason against the hopes of the world."
The Democratic party, demanding for the people
the rights of self-government, and impartial jus-
tice for all parts of the Union, did not hesitate to
repeal that enactment, and declare that "non-
intervention by Congress with slavery in State or
Territory, or m the District of Columbia," was a
fundamental principle of its policy.
While the existence of slavery, in connection
with the national possessions, is the immediate
cause of this agitation, the real question involved
is one of Federal power. The parties which di-
vide the country, not in name but in principle, are
as old as the Constitution—the one ever seeking
to increase, the other to restrict to constitutional
limits, the powers of the Federal Government. The
fundamental and distinctive difference between the
Democratic and Republican parties is not so much
controlled by the question of African slavery—
though in this respect there is a manifest differ-
ence, as seen in the tendency to the equality of
the races in the States under the control of the
latter party—as by a radical and irreconcilable
difference as to the true rule of interpreting the
Constitution of the United States. While the
Democratic party has ever demanded, and still
demands, with inflexible purpose, the warrant of
authority in the Constitution for every power as-
sumed by the Federal Government in its various
departments, the Republican party, by its " va-
grant powers," and what Mr. Madison called " the
art of definition," would break down every bar-
rier of the Constitution, and leave the reserved
rights of the people to the tender mercies of the
Federal Government. From this system of po-
litical logic is deduced the power of Congress to
intervene in the domestic affairs of the Territo-
ries. A similar mode of construing the unwritten
constitution of Great Britain was indulged in by
certain statesmen just before the revolutionary
war, and strange enough, by a kind of sublime
inconsistency, a precipitate tendency to the same
mode of construction has been recently indicated
by certain gentlemen of the State rights party of
the South.
Add to this tendency to Federalism a living thirst
for political power, and a wild and reckless fanat-
icism, and you have, sir, the principles and pol-
icy of the Republican party.
The measures of that party, sir, do not com-
mend it to the wisdom or patriotism of the coun-
try. It has no confidence in the people. Itsmeas-
ures look uniformly to the enlargement of Federal
power. Its life-giving principle is the supremacy
of Congress. It can originate 110 publy; measure
disconnected with sectional agitation. With the
unblushing effrontery of political charlatanism, it
seizes upon a great measure of Democratic policy,
and presents it to the country as its own. Yet
what intelligent citizen will give the Republican
party credit for the policy of securing the lands of
the nation for the homesteads of ourpcoplc against
the rapacity of speculation ? Mr. Jefferson sug-
gested the policy. It was urged upon the attention
of Congress by President Jackson. As a legisla-
tive measure, it owes its existence to Senator John-
son, of Tennessee, a distinguished Democratic
statesman. The first homestead bill was enacted
for Oregon, in 1850, by a Democratic Congress;
and in that entire portion of the Union in which
the Republican party has an existence, it has re-
ceived, ever since that party existed, the steady
and uniform support of the Democratic party. But
that party, sir, has too illustrious a record to boast
of any particular measure.
But what act of the Republican party is to be
commended ? It arrays itself against a decision
of the Supreme Court, the final arbiter of consti-
tutional disputes, and strikes at the supremacy of
the law. In the name of republicanism it dis-
criminates with rights of citizenship against the
white man, and in favor of the African race. It de-
nounces in noisy and bitter invectives even 011
this floor, one of the measures of the great com-
promise of 1850, and yet has not the manhood to
propose its repeal." It stands up against the peo-
ple of theTerritorieSjdemandingtheirsubmission
to a law-making power in which they have no
voice, and would bind them by rules of govern-
ment to which they have not, even in theory,
given their consent. In hollow pretense it urges
a return to the policy of the early days of the
Republic; yet, in defiance of the rights of fifteen
States, it demands an exclusion of the domestic
policy of the South from the national possessions;
while the first generation of the Republic received
into the Union five slaveliolding Commonwealths,
and purchased territory enough for an empire
more, in which the same right of admission was
granted in the treaty for its acquisition. It pre-
tends devotion to the Union; yet, unmindful that
timidity with regard to the well-being of our coun-
try is heroic virtue, it exults in the boldness of its
assaults on 'the domestic policy of the South, and
docs not hesitate, though it se#s the fire of fanat-
icism which it has enkindled ready to light up the
beacon of civil war.
It seizes with exultation on agencies for increas-
ing at once its own ascendency in the North, and
the perils of the Union by diffusing throughout
the free States, as expressive of southern senti-
ment, disunion speeches delivered on this floor by
members from the South, to intensify the already
fierce antagonisms between the two sections of the
country.
While it is true, sir, that disunion sentiments
have been uttered on this floor by members rep-
resenting a southern constituency, it is equally
true—a fact which that party dishonestly with-
hold—that, judging of the South by the greater
number of her Representatives, and the sentiments
they have uttered, her people, in the main, are
true to the counsels of her illustrious statesmen,
whose fame, left as a legacy to their country, has
become the common property of the world. De-
spite the malignant counsels of the disunionists,
they will stand with us by the bond of our fathers;
by the compact of the Union, reverently, as the
Israelites of old stood by the ark of the cove-
nant. They will never desert it, sir, unless fanati-
cism, in the blindness of its fury, shall convert
that Union, which our fathers established as a
shield of protection and a bond of fraternal love,
into an instrument of injustice and dishonor. If
that -hour should evercome, sir, (andl believeand
trust in God that it is impossible), and the South
should submit to the wrong, the very rocks in the
monuments of the Revolution, and the dust on its
fields of battle, would denounce anathemas on their
heads, who, while claiming a part in their imper-
ishable fame, preferred peace to justice, and life to
honor.
But, sir, fanaticism begets fanaticism; and the
abolitionism of the North and the disunionism of
the South conspire together for the distraction of
the country. Sir, it is upon the conservative ele-
ment of the nation, the men of moderate counsels,
that the Union must rest. The ultraism of the
North and the South would, even now, tear it to
pieces. But, sir, will not southern conservatism
falter before this endless agitation ? There is a
spirit of self-respect and of local pride that swells
with fury when you invade its empire. Can even
conservative men contemplate, year after year, a
sleepless war upon an institution that enters into
their political, domestic, and social relations; aa
institution sanctioned by their fathers through
successive ages; and that war waged, too, by men
who are bound by sacred obligations to respect
their rights, and prosecuted, not fitfully or acci-
dentally, or with temporary impulse, or by a mere
handful of men, but with systematic and determ-
ined purpose, swelling from a small beginning to
a great party, growing each year more arrogant
and presumptuous, discarding all other issues,
inflaming fanaticism by endless misrepresenta-
tions, and embittering the contest by terms of
odium and reproach; I say, sir, is it possible
that even conservative men can contemplate the
spirit of arrogant aggression without swelling
with indignant pride and almost rebuking the
voice of conservative wisdom ?
But we are told, sir, that in this agitation the
Republican party is only following the example of
our fathers. But if they, sir, deplored the exist-
ence of slavery, and longed for some feasible mode
for its extermination, (and unquestionably they
did,) they were themselves slaveholders, citizens of
slaveliolding States, discussing among themselves,
without prejudice or passion, their own domestic in-
stitutions. They were not impertinently inter-
meddling with the. affairs of other communities, or
questioning the wisdom or morality of their do-
mestic policy, but investigating their own; and
their discussions gave rise to no sectional jealous-
ies. Sir, there is a measureless ocean between
the lofty patriotism of the men who, in the spirit
of mutual confidence, concession, and fraternal
love, laid the foundations of this Union, and that
party, which, formed in the spirit of intolerance
and nurtured by sectional jealousies, can only
triumph in its destruction.
But, while neither patriotism nor philanthropy
will justify this endless and treasonable interfer-
ence with the domestic policy of the South, it can
scarcely extenuate the eagerness of southern citi-
zens to impute to the whole people of the free
States a willingness to participate m the invasion
of their constitutional rights, or the revolting prop-
osition—even at the whispering of which in the
ear of confiding friendship the tongue should
wither and the ear grow deaf—that this majestic
temple of liberty, this sacred Union of States, ce-
mented together by the blood of our fathers, should
be dissolved; for all the world knows,sir, that, by
the last expression of the public sentiment, there,
were a million and a quarter of men in the free
States who, standing by the Constitution, refused
to repudiate the God of their fathers to worship the
new anti-slavery divinity which the Republican
party would setup. Of this fact the disunion jour-
nals of the Souj^, while festering with the senti-
ments of northern abolitionism, are as silent as
the grave.
But, sir, it would bo signally unjust if I did not
