426
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 12,
36th Cong.... 1st Sess. Executive Protest, Prerogatives, and Patronage—-Mr. Beale.
Ho. of Reps.
It is uSed by President Jackson in contradistinc-
tion to impeachment, and refers to any other pro-
ceeding which the House of Representatives
might initiate against the chief executive officer
-of the Government.
President Jackson continues: .
■ " The Constitution makes the House of Representatives
the exclusive judges.-in the first instance, of the question,
whether the President has committed an impeachable oj^ense."
But President Jackson goes much further than
. did the House of Representatives in the adoption
of the offensive resolutions of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania. The House never sought, in the
latter case, to adjudge the question whether the
" President had committed an impeachable of-
fense," but were simply desirous to acquire such
information as might enable them to form a judg-
ment, and to censure, prepare articles of impeach-
ment, ordismiss the whole matter,as should seem
to them proper. President Jackson calls us the
"judges," " theexclusivejudges." Notjudgesof
the law merely, but of the fact—of facts to be as-
certained from evidence. The resolutions of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania provide merely for
the procurement of that evidence.
President Jackson, speaking further of the un-
authorized resolution of the Senate, says:
11 But if, ontlieothei hand, the House of Representatives
shall he of opinion that there is no reason for charging them
upon him, and shail therefore deem it improper to prefer an
impeachment, then will the violations of these piivilegcs,
as it respects that House, &c., be only the more conspicuous
and impressive."
Here the predecessor of the present Executive
speaks in strong terms of the privileges of the
Housef of the violations of that privilege; and the
power to decide whether or not the House would
prefer such impeachment, is the privilege spoken
of. If the action of the Senate interfering with this
right of determination was a breach of privilege
in 1834, according to Democratic authority, shail
we be deemed severe, if wc chargc the President
of the United States with a breach of the priv-
ilege of this House in an attempt to arrest action
simply preliminary to the decision and the im-
peachment spoken of in the authorities I have
cited?
I have alluded to the protest of President Jack-
son, because I deem the authority in point in this
case; because it is the only presidential protest
on record, and became a precedent, so faithfully
followed in everything, except its great piinci-
ples, as to remove from the subject of our exam-
ination any suspicion of originality. I have quoted
it, as the authority of his great name, his distin-
guished merit, his patriotism, and his honesty,
commend his views to our acceptance, and give
them the highest sanction in the Democratic parly
itself. Had the present protestant hut followed
in all things the example of his predecessor,
neither he nor we would have had occasion to
hear the expression, that the days of General
Jackson had passed.
In this connection, it might be further remarked
that the resolution condemnatory of President
Jackson was passed by the Senate on the 28th
day of March, 1834. and that the protest was not
presented until the 35th day of April of the same
year, and after all proceedings were terminated;
while, on the contrary, the present Chief Execu-
tive interposed his protest before the action con-
templated by the resolution had been closed, and
while investigations under the same were pro-
gressing.
1 propose, then, Mr. Speaker, to assume in this
discussion that the Presidentof the United States
has been guilty of a breach of the privileges of
this.body; and, in an analysis of his protest, to
show how incorrect are his assumptions, and how
dangerous they are to the future welfare of the
Republic.
The President professes to speak soberly and
advisedly, and upon due reflection, and we are j
bound to suppose that he has weighed well all i
that he has said; that he has examined the whole !
ground, and is sure in his position. I would that j
it were otherwise, and that in charity \ve might !
suppose that, influenced by sudden'pique at a
proposition to investigate his conduct, he uttered,
m tones of impatience, the protest with which he
has honored us.
The deliberate publication of so grave a State
paper demands at our hands a more earnest and
careful scrutiny than if otherwise; and, if the
facts and circumstances therein contained are
wrong, demand from us more emphatic condem-
nation.
The first and chief complaint of the President
is, that the resolution accuses him of grave
offenses, and that the House of Representatives
possesses no power so to accuse, but can only
proceed against him by preferring articles of im-
peachment.
We admit neitherof these propositions—neither
the statement of fact, nor the statement of law.
These resolutions arc not accusatory—they are
but of inquiry; they are not condemnatory—they
butrequest an investigation; they are not conclu-
sive, but preliminary.
By Well-founded rumors, by the President's
letter of November 25,1853, or by whatever other
means, a reasonable suspicion is aroused in the
public mind, that one of the departments of the
Government is tainted with corruption. It be-
came the duty of the popular branch of the Gov-
ernment—the immediate Representatives of the
people—to proceed energetically and efficiently.
It is true, as the President says, that " the trial
of an impeachment of the President before the
Senate, on charges preferred and prosecuted by
the House of Representatives, would be an im-
posing spectacle to the world;" but so to dignify
such trial, and to properly convict and punish the
offender, the articles of impeachment should not
only be presented at the bar of the Senate with
fidelity and ability, but should be founded upon
such information as would give them force and
effect in themselves, and accompanied by such
testimony as would abundantly support them.
To obtain such information, and to be enabled
so to prepare such articles, a preliminary investi-
gation was essential; just such an investigation as
is contemplated by the resolutions of the gentle-
man frcym Pennsylvania.
Official malversations, like private offenses, are
rarely commuted by daylight, where they are seen
of all men, and information whereof is easily ac-
cessible. On the contrary, they are done with a
certain degree of secrecv sufficient to require in-
quiry and scrutiny. Such inquiry, and thatalone,
these resolutions contemplate. *
The preliminary investigation is parallel to that
of complaint for private offenses. Complaint is
lodgedbefoie the magistrate, often of the most
indefinite charactei; the examination is conducted
with reference to future action, committal, trial,
or discharge. Or a complaint is made before the
grand inquest of the county; the investigation is
conducted cxjwr/c^viih no opportunity for the
accused to confront the accuser, in secrecy, un-
der oath; and, upon the information thus ob-
tained; the jury discharge the complaint, or direct
their law officer to frame his bill of indictment,
and carry the cause before the higher and ulti-
mate tiibunal for adjudication. And, to render
the parallel still more perfect and staking, each
member of that giand inquest stands bound by
the highest sanctions of duty—his oath—to pre-
sent " without fear, favor, reward, or hope of re-
ward," all offenses or offenders of which he indi-
vidually has any cognizance.
Is not the principle the same with us? We are
in one sense the grand inquest of the nation, and
we are " diligently to inquire and true present-
ment make" concerning all offenses coming under
our jurisdiction.
Nord oes this proceeding stand unsupported by
the authority of parliamentary precedent. Two
occur to me, familiar to every member of this
House, and which have passed into history and
fame. The fiist is the case of Robert Clive, first
Governor General of India, in which he stood
suspected of high malversation in office. A special
committee of the House of Commons was " chosen
to inquire into the affairs of India,"and especially
into the administration of the public affairs of that
country by Mr. Clive. This committee proceeded
with great energy and vigor, nearly exhausting
two sessions of the House of Commons, inquir-
ing into the entire official career of the Governor,
and reporting the evidence adduced to the House;
and it is matter of record that General Burgoyne,
the accomplished chairman of that committee, and
aleading member of the House of Commons, was
the chief accuser of the*Governor. And, upon
the evidence thus adduced, the House of Com-
mons itself acted, and passed two resolutions cen-
suring the course pursued by Mr. Clive, but re-
fusing to pass another resolution tending toward
an impeachment.
The second instance is that of the still more
illustrious man, a successor of Lord Clive, in the
government of India, and whose impeachment
and trial drew forth the finest denunciatory elo-
quence since' the Roman orator (< thundered
against the oppressor of Sicily."
In the case of Mr. Hastings, a committee or
inquiry had reported upon his administration; and
upon that report, and upon the charges thereupon
preferred, and upon agreeing to the articles ofitn-
peachment, the great debate arose in the English
House of Commons, which terminated in agree-
ing to charges, the arraignment of the illustrious
culprit, and the memorable attempt to impeach
him of high crimes and misdemeanors at the bar
of the House of Lords.
In the latter case, also, arose the very question
raised by the President in his protest, " that his
accuser had been made one of his judges;" and
when Mr. Francis was objected to upon similar
grounds, it was ur^ed with great force by Mr.
Wyndam, one of the managers of the impeach-
ment, that " impartiality, though the first duty
of a judge, had never been reckoned among the
qualities of an advocate; that in the ordinary ad-
ministration of criminal justice in England, the
aggrieved party, the very last person who ought
to be admitted into the jury-box, is the prose-
cutor; that what was wanted in a manager was,
not that he should be free from bias, but that he
should be energetic, able, well-informed and ac-
tice." And Mr.Francis was rejected at last, only
upon the ground of his inveterate personal hostil-
ity to the accused.
These two cases, without citing to the House
numerous others, English and American, appear
to me to sustain fully the resolutions of inquiry
adopted by this House, and the appointment of
the committee under those resolutions, and their
action. Nor do I agree, Mr. Speaker, with the
President, that this House is confined to impeach-
ment of the President^ In the first place, this
body, under the Constitution, is the sole judge of
the course it will pursue toward any offender, and
may measure out to him the punishment com-
mensurate with the offense.
If, instead of pi eferring articles of impeachment
upon the evidence reported by the committee of
inquiry, they deem the offense deserving only of
censure, theirs is the unquestionable right to ad-
minister that censure, and in a milder or severer
form, as they shall judge proper.
The appeal of the President from such action
is only to the* intelligent public opinion of the
people; and I can assuredly say that to that tri-
bunal in this country no public man has ever car-
ried a meritorious case in vain. Indeed, the
President would stand there with many advant-
ages over his opponents; foi the hidden sympa-
thy with the rightfully or "wrongfully accused,
which forms so large a part of popular feeling
and the popular heart, would at first commend
his side of the case to their approval. Rut to that
tribunal this House, even now, is willing to go,
and by their decision to abide. I cannot divest
my mind of the impression, that to that tribunal,
rather than to this House, indirectly, the Presi-
dent's protest was intended to go as a case made.
The President also complains that his accuser
has been made one of his judges. And again,
that the same is in " violation of the principles of
universal justice, and condemned by the practice
of all civilized nations, and that every freeman
must revolt at the spectacle."
Such an assertion mi^ht be disposed of by the
fact that no accusation has been made against the
President. Let the resolutions speak for them-
selves, and they effectually negative the assertion.
But even if the same were true, the conclusions
of the President by no means follow. An accu-
sation is not a judgment; and our laws, as before
stated, recognize the propriety of an accuser con-
stituting one of an accusing tribunal, and compel
each member to become an accuser of all offend-
ers known to him.
In the case of Clive, above cited, Burgoyne,the
accuser, and the mover of the resolution, was
