1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
This charges nothing upon anybody. It docs
not chargu corruption. It does not charge even
carelessness. It merely says that the abuses prac-
ticed in the expenditure of the money require re-
form. Everybody admits that there are abuses.
Now, the majority of the committee proposed to
insert the words " necessarily growing out of,"
theieby making it out that these abuses cannot be
stopped. It does not seem to me that this is a fair
inference from the testimony that was given be-
fore us; and 1 hope that the resolution will be
amended in the mode proposed by the Senator
from New York. I think that is at least as mild
a resolution as, under the circumstances, and with
oil the testimony that has been printed and is be-
fore the Senate, we could be expected to pass.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I cannot admit that
there has been any such thing under this Govern-
ment as a necessary abuse. There is no-such
thing as a necessary abuse. It may be more or
less the result of improper conduct, but it cannot
be necessary. An honest, faithful administrator
of the hw may commit an error leading to an
abusfe, but the abuse itself cannot be necessary.
I cannot conceive of any such thing as a neces-
sary abuse.
Mr. SLIDELL. Will the Senator from Ken-
tucky permit me to explain that the committee do
not say it is a necessary abuse, but an abuse
necessarily growing out of the system?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. That is the very same
thing. 1 can see no difference between a neces-
sary abuse,and an abuse necessarily growing out
of the system. It does not grow out of the law, r
that is certain, or it would not have been an abuse. !
The proper execution of the law is no abuse. It |
is doing something that the law does not warrant, ;
doing something outside of the law, that consti- |
tutes an abuse; and I can conceive of no such
thing as a necessary abuse. j
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat- ]
rick.) The question is on the amendment of the !
Senator from New York, to strike out the word j
"necessarily." ,
Mr. ANTHONY called for the yeas and nays, j
and thev were ordered; and being taken,resulted !
—yeas ~2i, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Aiitliony, Bingham, Crown, Chandler,
Clailt. t'i uieiideu. Diui i. Doolittle, Duikec, Foot, Fo-tor,
r.nni,-. Hale, Ilainl.i.. lfailan, K.ng, SimraoiK, Sumner,
Ten K-.ck,Toombs,Trumbull, \Vado, Wilkinson,.mil Wil- I
son—0!. i
\A V.-— ISavard. Dialer. Brag!;, Ilueht, Chesnut, |
Davi-. Pitch. l'\tziiamc!!,liiee.i.Gmn,Hammond,Hemp-
hill, lver-iTO. lohrison ol Aikan a-i, Kenned}, Lane, La- |
tham, Malloiy, Xieliolson, Peaice, Powell, Sebastian, Sli- ;
dell, Tiioin-on. and V'ulee—25. \
So the amendment was rejected. j
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question |
is on the adoption of the first resolution.
Mr. KING. 1 have no disposition to make
any question now.
Mr. SLIDELL. Let us take the question on
the two lesolutions tosethci.
Mr BROWN. I hope not. I am opposed to
the second resolution.
Mr. KING. I have no disposition to make
any question. A majority of the Senate having
voied that such abuses are necessary, I hope we
may dispose of the matter all at once.
The first resolution was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the adoption of the second resolution,
as follows:
lieuU-cJ, That the Committee on Tiiblie Printing be in-
structed to i aquae into tile expediency ot piovidmg b\ law
f(,i eveeutintT t'le public primm" and binding b> tontr.ict
to Hie 1 invoit biddei, «! > kball give secuutj tor executing
the work, or in such other mode as the; may deem mo.-t
expedient.
Mr. BROWN. I want to indicate, in voting
against that resolution, that so far as the contract
system is concerned, I am utterly opposed to it.
Mr. F1TCEI. If the Senator will permit me to
inteirupt him a moment, he will see that ample
lat.tude is given to the committee by the resolu-
tion. They are to inquire into the expediency of
the contract system, or any other moae; and wall
Of all the systems in the world, that is to me the
least acceptable.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. SLIDELL. I desire to move that two
thousand extra copies of the report be printed
There lias been no order on the subject. I sup-
pose it must go, as a matter of course, to the
Committee on Printing. I think 1 made such a
motion on a previous occasion.
Mr. KING. I suppose the Senator from Lou-
isiana will include in that motion the journal of
the committee, which contained a part of its pro-
ceedings that have not been reported by him. Of
course, the minority report, which I presented, will
be included; and I should be glad to have the
statement made by the Senator from Rhode Island
[Mr. Anthosjj] printed with the report.
Mr. SLIDELL. I distinctly called upon the
Senator fiom New York to know whether he
intended to present a report or not. He said that
he did not choose to make a report, and that was
the course pursued by his colleague. I do not
consider that what was said by the Senator from
New York was in any sense a report, and I pre-
fer that this question should goto the Committee
on Printing to know whether the report of the
committee is to be accompanied by two speeches
that were made on the other side. What was
said by the Senator from R.hode Island was really
more in the form of a report than that of the Sen-
ator from New York. I think the other is a
mere stump speech; with all due deference to the
Senator; and I object to its being printed with the
report of the committee.
Mr. KING. I was not very much surprised
that the statement I made did not meet the appro-
bation of the Senator from Louisiana, for all along
through the investigation it was very evident that
we did not look upon these transactions in the
same light. I suppose it is not strictly parlia-
mentary to allude to the proceedings in committee;
but the're I suggested that I was desirous that
we should make a report upon which the com-
! mittee might agree that would produce reform,
> and I suggested that we should simply report
certain resolutions looking to that end, and that
then we could individually state our opinions and
our views on this subject to the Senate. Alter
consultation, it was ascertained that the Senator j
from Louisana desired, in reference to the report,
an opinion that would exonerate the Administra-
i tion from censure in these practices, which I was
| not prepared to make by any means. Indeed, 1
regarded them as deserving of censure. When,
after a considerable delay, I was called upon for
a report, as the Senator said courtesy required,
being the chairman, I read as the report of the
committee, if it would be agreeable to them, the
| statement which I read to the Senate, and was
1 willing it should be adopted as a report. The
j Senator from Louisiana had provided a different
1 report, which he read, and that was adopted as
i the report of the majority. I told them that I
; should present my views to the Senate, and that
I did not care very much whether 1 stated them
as a report or a speech; but in fact, I did read it
as a report, and as the statement of my views as
a minority of the conirniuec. I so stated it to the
Senate, and I desire that it shall go with the report
of the majority. It is a summing up of the testi-
mony; and although I have had no disposition to
allude to any particular witnesses, to credit or
discredit anv one of them, 1 regard the testimony
ij of Mr. Wendell as fully and entirely sustained,
1 in all the allegations he makes in this matter, by
'! various other witnesses. AH the facts that 1
! state in ray report are testified to by the Senator
:i from Pennsylvania on the other side of the Uiam-
ber, [Mr. Bigler,] and by Mr. Baker, the col-
ij lector of Philadelphia. I trust certainly that the
[1 Senate will not refuse to print what was in tact
,! the minority report, whatever may have been the
l|' conversations between the Senator from Loius-
li iana and myself. I preferred that be should pre-
'' sent his views as a speech also, and thought it
; I best for public purposes that the committee should
'■ present a few resolutions looking to reform m
fnlo mntter. and then express our views as we
Senator Should be |j this —' ^"fcwas
"brown. Very well. I only want to in- ! !o take 'the course of making reports, and I pre-
dicate that the contract system has already failed.
We had it in force, and abuses even worse than
these grew up under it; abuses which I am sorry
to say were afterwards sanctioned by Congress.
sentod nunc to the Semite. _
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope the question will be
taken, because the time allowed tor tins subject
has expired.
Mr. SLIDELL. Letit be referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
Mr. KING. I ask what the question is ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen-
ator from Louisiana restate his motion ?
Mr. SLIDELL. I move that the report of the
committee be printed,and that two thousand extra
copies be printed for the use of the Senate. The
Senator from New York, I understand, has moved
as an amendment to my motion 
Mr. KING. If you will notinclude it, I shall
do it.
Mr. SLIDELL. That the remarks made by
himself and the Senator from Rhode Island shall
also be printed. The whole subject will neces-
sarily go to the Committee on Printing.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
and amendment will be referred to that commit-
tee.
Mr. KING. I suppose the journal of the com-
mittee, which contains a part of its proceedings,
will be printed also, as a" matter of course.
Mr. SLIDELL. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER.- Does the Sen-
ator from New York offer an amendment to the
motion of the Senator from Louisiana?
Mr. KING. Yes, sir. Mine was more par-
ticularly and distinctly the minority report, and
therefore 1 will leave out the other for another
proposition. I make the motion that the minor-
ity report read by myself be printed.
Mr. TOOMBS. I must call for the order of
the day, as the time fixed for this subject has ex-
pired. ,
Mr. KING. I hope the Senator will allow the
question to be taken. *
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reference
will be made under the rule.
Mr. KING. What reference?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. To the Com-
mittee on Printing.
Mr. KING. I did not understand what mo-
tion it was that was referred.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion of
the Senator from Louisiana, together with the
amendment of the Senator from New York, were
referred to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. KING. Very well, sir.
HOMESTEAD BILL.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, (during the
consideration of the civil appropriation bill.) I
desire to make a report from a committee of con-
ference.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Iverson
in the chair.) The Chair will receive the report.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I wish to say,
before the report is read, that the committee on
the part of the Senate have made every honest
effort, and, as I think, have conceded everything
that ought to be asked or granted.
The Secretary read the report, as follows:
The oommitleeof confeience on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the bill (S. No. 416) to sectne home-
steads to actual settlers on the puDlie domain, and lor other
purposes, report:
That, alter lull and free conference, the committee nave
separated without coming to an agreement,
1 GALUSIIA A. GROW,
OWEN LOVEJOY,
JAMES II. THOMAS,
Managers on the part of tkc Home.
ANOKEVV JOHNSON',
K. W. JOHNSON,
JAMES HARLAN,
Managers on the pai t oj the Senate.
Mr. PUGH. 1 move that the Senate insist on
its disagreement to tho House amendment, and
ask for another conference.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I understand
this committee was asked for on the part of the
House, and I do not think it now fails to the Sen-
ate to ask one. It is incumbent on the House,
if they desire another conference, to ask for one.
This wasa Senate bill, which the House amended.
The Senate disagreed to the House amendment.
It went back to the House, and they sent it to the
Senate- again with a message insisting on their
amendment, and'asking for a conference. Mr e
granted it. That committee has disagreed, plac-
ing the two Houses precisely in the condition in
which they were before.
Mr. PUGH. I hear the Senator very imper-
fectly at this distance; but I am loth to give the
bill up without another effort.
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 desire to ask the Senator
from Tennessee which committee has the papers.
