850
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
i the question not having been debated*, and it hav-
" ingbeen said that the House of Representatives,
on several occasions, had exercised that author-
ity. Since that time, I have considered the ques-
tion, and have arrived at the conclusion that the
Senate has no power to summon any witness out
of the* District of Columbia, except in case of im-
peachment, or a contested election. I shall, there-
fore, vote against this resolution.
. Mr, COLLAMER. I have not given to this
subject any very extended examination. I voted
the other day for the exercise of this power. The
subject being now started, and the question being
raised, I desire to give the present impressions on
my mind in relation to it.
As to those provisions of the Constitution to
which the Senator from New Hampshire alluded,
I do not consider the case at all within them. They
relate entirely to a different matter. This is a
power to be exercised by the Senate in relation to
the performance of its own duties. I take it, that
the .Senate is clothed with the same powers in
relation to the performance of the duties which
are devolved on it by the Constitution which cre-
ated it, as a court—the same power to preserve
its own order, the same power to preserve not
merely its own order, but to avail itself of the in-
formation which is necessary, in its own estima-
tion, to the discharge of its duties. It is unne-
cessary now to go into a consideration of those
powers ©f the courts which are incident to their
very organization, if) the preservation of their
own order of proceeding, their own decorum,
their own self-respect. That is all devolved on
the Senate in any necessary and proper case for it.
But there is another branch of incidental power
to a judiciary which is necessary also to a legis-
lative body; and that is the authority to take
measures to carry into effect the powers which it
is-called upon to exercise. A court must neces-
sarily be clothed with power to call witnesses
before it. That is necessary in order to obtain
that information which they must possess to en-
able them to discharge their duty of rendering a
judgment. The courts issue their subpoenas for
the purpose of calling witnesses. If a witness
disregards the process for his attendance upon a
court, on all proper measures being taken, the
court must necessarily be, and is always clothed,
without any particular statute, with the power to
call that witness, to bring him, and if he will not
come upon invitation ana upon notice, they issue
a precept to bring him, not merely for the pur-
pose of punishing him for contempt, for disregard
of the prccept which has been sent to him, but to
bring the witness in to testify in the court. That
is a power exercised by the court, not merely for
the purpose of punishing for contempt, but for
the purpose of enabling the court to avail itself of
the information which the witness has, in order
to discharge its duties in the inquiry before it,and
enable it to rendor a judgment. I say that when-
ever there is, in the exercise of the power of either
Hou^e of Congress, the necessity of obtaining
information in the discharge of their duty, in their
judgment, they are clothed, as I think, with the
same necossary incidental power as st court to call
a witness, and if need be, to punish him for a con-
tempt of your precept, and to compel his attend-
ance for the purpose of availing yourselves of
the information which the witness is supposed to
possess. This I consider a necessary incidental
power, as well to either House of Congress as to
a court of justice.
Now, sir, the case before us is a case of that
character. Thu witness spoken of has been sunt
for; proper notices have been served on him; but
he does not attend. The facts which arc sup-
posed to be within the knowledge of this witness
are desired. Are we not entitled to them ? May
not the Senate exercise this incidental powei for
the purpose of obtaining the information which
they have adjudged necessary to the discharge of
their duty in relation to laws for the protection
of the public propeity, if you please, and the
peace of the States, and to secure thorn against
invasion ? The Senate have raised a committee
to ascertain certain facts. To what extent should
they go? The Senate said they wanted those
facts for the purpose of seeing what legislation
was necessary. Are they not to be permitted to
have them ? I think that question has already
been decided; and if it were not, it would be a
perfectly proper subject to decide.
Next, sir, in relation to where we may send
for witnesses: the Senator from New Hamp-
shire seems to suppose that we cannot send to
another State. We are not in any Suite. If it
is true that we can obtain our witnesses only from
the District of Columbia, certain it is that the
range of inquiry within the power of the Senate
is very limited indeed. I have supposed that this
necessary incidental power to the exercise of our
rights and privileges and duty, was coextensive
with the country and with the States which were
here represented. I believe that this power has
been exercised here, perhaps not exactly in this
form; but it has certainly been exerted by the
House ofRepresentativesfrom time to time. That
being the body in which inquiries most generally
originate, they have had most occasion to use the
power. It has been used there in precisely this
way, from time to time, as they had occasion. I
have no doubt that they will consider themselves
as having very much further occasion for the
examination of witnesses from all parts of our
country, in order to secure ourselves, if you please,
against abuses and perversions of law and au-
thority in all parts of this country, exercised un-
der the color of authority from the United States.
I therefore consider the case as one in which
the Senate properly has, within the exercise of
its power, the authority to enforce the attendance
of witnesses. If it be true that no power is to be
exercised which is susceptible of abuse, or in re-
gard to which there is great danger of abuse, all
I can say is, that then no powers can exist in any
Government, because every power granted is lia-
ble to abuse; and the more important the power
the more danger of the abuse. If that argument
be good for anything, it would be the end of all
power in Government.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I have certainly
the highest respect for the honorable Senator from
Vermont; but, with all deference to his better
judgment, I think he labors under a great mistake;
and it is the.mistake which the honorable Senator
from Texas [Mr. Wigfall] alluded to the other
day—a misapprehension of the nature of the Gov-
ernment. A great many men seem to think that
we are the inheritors of all the powers that ever
belonged to the BntishParliament; and that, when
we sit as a court, we are entitled, by inheritance,
to everything that ever belonged to the Court of
King's Bench. The difficulty is, thatweareaGov-
ernment of limited powers—delegated powers; and
so jealous were the constituencies that conferred
these powers upon us, that they said 44 all powers
that we have not conferred, we keep to ourselves.''
They thought it was necessary to deliver up crim-
inals. Is it not necessary to have witnesses? You
cann ot convict a priso ner without a witness, unless
he pleads guilty. If it had been necessary, in the
opinion of those who formed this Constitution,
that the power of compelling the attendance of
witnesses from one State to another should have
been given, they would have piven it. No, sir;
they said, "We give you the power to take a crim-
inal, but there we stop; we do not give you the
power to take witnesses;" and it is from the mis-
take of the honorable Senator from Vermont, in
regard to the difference between this tribunal and
others of a general character, that his present
position arises. It is this that I want to combat
against. We are not a court with plenary powers.
We have no incidental powers. We have dele-
gate! powers; and we have also power to make
laws that are necessary, indispensable, to carry
out these delegated powers—nothing more.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 43, nays 12; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Benjamin, Bigler,
Bragg, Bright, Brown. Clay, Olingrnan, UoHamer, Critten-
den, Davis, Dixon, Doohttle, Feasenden, Pitch, Fitz-
patrick, Foot. Foster. Green, Grimes, Gvvm, Harlan, Haun,
Hunter, Iverson, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of Ten-
nessee, Kennedy, Mason, Nicholson, Pcaice, Polk, Pow-
ell, Rice, SauNburv, Sebastian. Seward, Simmon*, Slide!!,
Ten Eyck, Trumbull, and Wigfall—43.
NAYS—Messrs. Bingham, Chesnut, Clark, Durkee,
Hale, Hamlin, Push, Sumner, Toombs. Wade, Wilkin-
son, and Wilson—12.
So the resolution was agreed to.
CLAIMS AGAINST PERU.
Mr. HALE. I submit the following resolu-
tion; and I hope it will be considered now:
Aesofcerf, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to inlorm the Senate, if in his opinion it be not
iacompatible with the nubhe interest*, whether the Gov-
ernment of Peru complied with the stipulations made bv
the Minister of that country in behalf oi the citizens of the
United State.-, who had sent vessels to the Lobos Islands
for guano, between the 5th of June and the 2otli of Atign-4,
1852 ; and if not, whether this Government has? taken any
steps to enfoice the claims of those citizens against tne
Peruvian Government, and what i* the character and
amount of those claims.
* Mr. MASON. I have no present purpose to
object to the resolution; but I would say to the
Senator, as far as I apprehend its scope, I have
reason to believe that that information will be
communicated to the Senate, and 1 ask that the
resolution he over. I have no objection to taking
it up at an early day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection be-
ing made, the resolution will lie over under the
rule.
OFFICERS OF THE REVENUE SERVICE.
Mr. NICHOLSON submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee an Naval Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into and report upon the expediency of
having all commissions of captains and lieutenants in the
revenue service submitted to the Senate for confirmation,
subject to the uamc rules and restrictions that apply to sim-
ilar commissions in the Navy, and al«o on the propriety of
increasing the pay of said captains and lieutenants.
LIGHT-HOUSE AT CHICAGO.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I present a resolution of
inquiry; and I ask for its consideration now:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury bedirected
to inform the Senate whether the sum of .$87,000, appro-
priated by act of Mai ch 3,1859, foi repairing the works and
piers in order to preserve and secure the light-house atChi-
cago, Illinois, or any part thereof, lias been expended in
making said repairs; and if not, the reason why said appro-
priation has not been used.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 ask whether the language of
the resolution exactly conforms to the language
of the law—" works and piers." a
Mr. TRUMBULL. I believe it does. The
language of the law is, "-for repairing the works
and piers, in order to preserve and secure the light-
house at Chicago, Illinois."
Mr. DAVIS. 1 have no objection to it.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
PRIVATE BILL DAY.
Mr. IVERSON". I have a resolution to offer'
and I ask for its present consideration: '
Resolved, That fur the residue of the present session af-
ter the present week, Friday of each week shall be set apart
for the consideration of private bills in the order in wlueh
they stand upon the Calendar.
k Mr. SLIDELL. I had drawn up a resolution
and was about to submit it, on that subjeet; and I
will suggest an amendment to the resolution of the
Senator from Georgia, that each alternate Friday
shall be private bill day.
Mr. IVERSON. I will state to the Senator
from Louisiana, that I do not think every other
Friday would answer, by any means. There are
now seventy cases; and all the adverse reports
from the Court of Claims are to be acted on so
that we may get rid of them in some way. '
Mr. SLIDELL. Very well; let itgo.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
SALE OS ARMS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is the im-
perative duty of the Chairto announce the special
order unless otherwise disposed of by the Senate
The first business in order is the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday.
Mr. DAVIS. I should like the Senate to take
up a little bill, which I hope will excite no dis-
cussion. It is the bill (S. No. 45) to authorize"
the States to purchase arms from the national
armories. There are a number of volunteer com-
panies wanting to purchase arms, but the States
have not a sufficient supply. I move to take uo
the bill. ^
, The motion was agreed to; and the Senate as
! in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 45) to authorize the sale of
public arms to the several States and Territories
! and to regulate the appointment of superintenil-
1 ents of the national armories.
It proposes to authorize the Secretary of War
to issue to any State cr Territory of the Unit'J
States, on application of the Governor th reo>
arms made at tile United States armories to such
extent as may be spared from the public supping
