m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 12,
36th Cong.... 1st Sess. Executive Protest, Prerogatives, and Patronage—Mr. Beale.
Ho. of Reps.
logical acumen, his persuasive eloquence, his firm-
ness indomitable, his winning popularity, his un-
spotted patriotism, all constituted him great in the
Senate, gfeatin administration,great 111 liis party,
great in the walks of private life Sir, he was the
leader of the young Democracy of his State. He
imbued them with his economic ideas of finance,
■Willi his progressive ideas of retrenchment and
reform; and he "organized victory" for them.
'Like Hamilcar, ho led them to the altars of free-
dom, and, like the young Carthaginians, they
swore eternal opposition to the aggressions ot
slavery. He fell, sir, by private hands, 011 the
edge of the field, as the battle was beginning; and
of that death, its authors, and results, we may
use the language of the French Demosthenes:
" So perished the last of the Gracchi by the
hand of the Patricians; but having received the
mortal blow, he threw a handful of free dust to-
ward heaven, attesting the avenging gods." And
from that dust came the Republican party, loss
great foy having exterminated the Democracy of
New York than for having dealt the blow upon
the proud crest of the.oligarchy itself. He fell;
but his dying hand pointed us forward to the
broad and luminous pathway in which we should
tread; and,sir, we will tread that steep but upward
ascent, not that wemay reach such fanciful heights
as those spoken of by my eloquent colleague,
[Mr. John Cochrane,] and from which he, like
the original from whom he quotes, standing be-
side the heathen prince or principle, courting the
proffered bribe, and apostate from the true faith,
exclaimed, ""How beautiful are thy tents, Oh De-
mocracy; and thy tabernacles, Oh St. Tammany!"
but that serener atmosphere, where dwells lib-
erty, " teaching the world how sublime a thing
a free people is." New York, sir, has 110 reason
to love the President or his premier. Retribu-
tion,in the name and by the hands of liberty, fell
upon the latter in 1848. In 1836, a plurality of
eighty thousand against the President testified the
desiie of her sons to avenge the double wrong to
the living and the dead. Now, as then, the true
Democracy of that State range under the Repub-
lican banner, and the young knights of freedom,
who won their spurs in 18-18, true to the purity
of their early principles, wear in this great quar-
rel the white rose of York, and not the bloody
one of Lancaster.
But, sir, I pass to notice, lastly, that sentiment
of the President's protest, " that the whole pro-
ceeding against him justifies the fears of those
wise and great men, who, before the Constitution
was adopted by the States, appiehended that the
tendency of the Government was to the aggrand-
izement of the legislative at the expense of the
executive department."
Sir, the history of the convention which framed
that Constitution will correct the error of the pro-
test. The history of its adoption by the different
States, and the debates upon it, equally convict
the President of error. *
Madison, Randolph, Henry, Jefferson, Pinck-
ney, Ireton, and Hamilton, expressed their ap-
prehension that the Executive, under the Con-
stitution, would become usurpers of power and
prerogative.
Such peculiarly were the apprehensions enter-
tained by (lie Republican party under the lead of
Mr. Jeflerson.
Serious apprehensions were entertained and
expressed by them that the Constitution tended
to build up an irresponsible central Government,
dangerous alike to the rights of the States and to
those of the people at large, and aggressive upon
that branch of the national Legislature in which
the rights of the people were more immediately
represented.
Recent events have shown how well founded
were these apprehensions; and, in the light of
their accumulated evidence, the expression of the
President appears as suspicious as it is extiaor-
dinary. Shall we attribute it to recent perveision
or to ancient Federal instincts? Is it the desire
on his part to deceive others, or have the weak-
nesses of either extreme of life confounded with
the errors of both ?
Sir, 1 traverse this sentiment of the President's
protest, and declare that to-day a central power
has been built up and strengthened by the last
two Administrations, which bids us see to it that
the "Republic takes no harm," and that this
power is wielded by the Executive.
What, sir, is the language of the Constitution?
" The executive power shall be vested in the President
of the United States of America." (Constitution, art. 3,
sec. 1.)
" The President shall be commander-in-chiefof the Army
and Navy of the United States, and of the militia," &c.
" Ho shall have power, by and with the advice audconsent
of the Senate, to maketreaties,7- &.c. " He shall nominate,
and, by and with the advice and consentof the Senate, ap-
point embassadors, other public ministers and consuls,
judges of the Supreme Court, and all other officers of the
United States whose appointments are not herein other-
wise provided for, and which shall be established by law,"
&e.
Such, sir, are his prerogatives and privileges,
and upon none of these have the House of Rep-
resentatives infringed; but, sir, by these has he
usurped extravagant, unusual, and most danger-
ous powers, and so exereiscd them as to abridge
the rights of the people, and to violate the priv-
ileges of their Representatives. By means of his
appointing power alone, has he demoralized his
party, and reversed the theories of our fathers,
that all power emanated from the people, and
should control their public servants.
In practice, power m patronage comes from the
Executive, and that patronage has-been so exer-
cised to crush out the individuality of the ap-
pointees, to enforce blind obedience to Federal
dictation and exactness of party discipline, that
men, independent and high-souled, have been
driven from position, and their places have been
supplied by the servile and unworthy; by men
who form the Praetorian band of the Administra-
tion, and, like those of former days, obey an im-
perial edict alone, and like them may " march to
Rome, and give away the empire."
Mr. Randolph uses this expression :
" The .Executives may appoint men devoted to them, and
even bribe the Legi&laiuto."
Let us examine whether the last two Adminis-
trations are not amenable to both charges. They
have appointed Cabinet officials, who are but
themselves multiplied; men for whose acts they
are officially responsible—(Wilcox us. Jackson,
and Williams vs. the United States)—men whose
ollicial misconduct lias been under the investiga-
tion of thiscommittee; men who formed the secret
council of seven which framed and approved a
despotic, hateful Constitution for a free people;
who, leaving their Departments and legitimate
business, carry the Cabinet into delegated con-
ventions of the people; who manifest the deepest
interest in the elections of the people, and whose
velvet footsteps (in emergencies) fall softly upon
the carpets of either House of Congress.
They have commissioned and appointed the
officers of the Army and Navy, those aristocratic
blemishes in every free Government, (compelling
them into collision with friendly Stales.) and with
which faction threatens to seize the reins of power,
when that inevitable event has taken place, the elec-
tion of a Republican President next November.
They have appointed foreign ministers, whose
representations of our eountiy's honor abioad
have been manifested in conferences atOstend,
or in intimidation and threats of grand larceny at
Madrid.
They have appointed judges, whose dicta over-
turn the well-considered decisions of the great
legal minds of former days, rebuke the spirit of
the Revolution, and libel the motivesof itsauthors;
take from Congress ascertained and settled pow-
j| ers and duties, and make the Constitution of the
j j Republic a letter of marque for slavery extension-
; ists, reducing humanity to chattelhood, and fet-
i teiingthe slave's feet to soil which God made,
| and man has kept, fiee.
! And, sir, the President has indorsed this doc-
j trine. It has become the policy of his Adminis-
, (ration, the principle of his party. And these
; dicta, thus given, have been claimed by the De-
ll mocracy to be finalities, and as commanding obe-
ij diencc. And, to enforce obedience,aud eatry out
li these principles, they have appointed Governois,
i| secretaries, and marshals; prepared constitu-
tions, and arrayed armies; and have worked out
the problem in blood and shame upon the prairies
of Kansas.
He appoints collectors of customs, and kindred
officials, ,swarming wherever tide water flows—
men residing in each State, exerting their official
influence in that State, but owing fealty to the
Federal center alone—men who control State con-
ventions and election precincts by violence, whose
salaries are assessed by the central power for cor-
ruption funds, and who retrieve the same by ex-
tortions, by defalcations, by frauds upon levenue,
and by passports to slavers. Thus lie has renewed
that grievance of our fathers denounced in the
Declaration of Independence:
<! Jle has created a multitude of new offices, and sent
hither swaims of officers to harass our people, and to eat
out their sub-stance."
By these means the Administration has depleted
the national Treasury of millions, and impaired
the national credit. He appoints postmasters,
who multiply ovor all the land, as the locusts came
up over Es;ypt—officials ranging from the mag-
nificent defaulter of New York to the mail distrib-
utor of the humblest hamlet—men whose pecula-
tions or whose inefficiency alone have submerged
that Department in debt—men from whom aie
conscripted delegates to conventions, and each of
whom forms a petty nucleus of power to his neigh-
borhood—men who " know no law but Rodeiick
Dhu's command"—who, at the sound of the horn,
and beneath the lash of the huntsman," will course
with the hounds or form with the hare."
Can there be a more striking illustration of offi-
cial corruption than in those appointments and ap-
pointees, and stronger arguments for the entire
abolition of the post office and (he custom-house?
He appoints officials, multitudinous and nonde-
script, who swarm round the center of patronage,
throng the avenues of this metropolis, and who,
for eight weeks, sat armed and blooded in the
galleries of this House, ready to applaud every
sentiment of treason, to oveiavve every expression
of free opinion, and, if necessary, to join the Cat-
iluies of the Senate, ayd the Cethegi, the Curii,
and thcCoeparii of this House, to stab the patri-
otic men of either body, and to dissolve the
Union.
Such, sir, is public patronage; such some of the
prerogatives of the Piosidcnt; and such the result
of their exercise. Have we, the Representatives
ofan outraged, plundered, oppressed people—have
we infringed upon those prerogatives ? If so,let
the President inform us upon which. Have we
done oui duty, even? No, sir, no! We sec these
errors; we know thorn, but do not strike them
down, as we should have done; as we should yet
do.
Have not the words of Randolph been fully
realized, and have I not fully demonstrated it?
"The Executives may appoint men devoted to
them." Let us examine whether the concluding
clause of the sentence is correct: "And even bribe
the Legislature."
By means of his appointees, the President has
gi eat power; by the promise and hope of such ap-
pointment, perhaps greater. Has he hesitated to
.apply that power to the national Legislature—
he who has violated their privileges by this pro-
test?
The whole* executive influence of his prede-
cessor was exerted to force'the Kansas-Nebraska
bill through this House, thus repealing the com-
promise of 1H20, avoiding that of 1850, and re-
opening the slavery agitation—a measure fraught
i with momentous evils to the whole country, but
j whose saddest consequences have been seen m the
! desolated hearths, violated franchises, and blood- •
* shed of Kansas, and that still later sequel—the
1 lawless raid into Virginia.
i The present incumbent of the Presidency came
I into power by virtue of the fallacious principle
1 contained in the Kansas-Nebraska measure, and
! under the pledge of "free Kansas." His in-
; augural address repudiated the former: his first
jannud message repudiated both, aud sought to
, force a slave constitution upon the people of that
| Temtoiy.
i That, sir, was the measure of the first session of
! the Thirty-Fifth Congress Toit the Adminis-
! tration stood pledged, and were in earnest.
I The same Executive whose faith had been
! "Punic" to Walker and to Stanton, and whose
efforts had been unceasing to coerce or bribe the
j adoption, by territorial convention and people,
1 of such a constitution, brought back their con-
\ stitution and their tactics to Washington and to
| Congress. Then, sir, might have been seen, in
