1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
851
without injury or inconvenience to the service of
the General Government, upon payment therefor,
in each case, of an amount sufficient to replace,
by fabrication at the national armories, the arms
so issued. It further provides that so much of
the act, approved August 5, 1854, as authorizes
the appointment of a civilian as superintendent
oTeach of the national armories be repealed, and
that the superintendents of those armories shall
hereafter be selected from officers of the ordnance
corps.
Mr. SLIDELL. I appeal to my friend from
Mississippi to let this bill go over. It is a bill of
a very important character. It contains a pro-
vision not only as to the mode of conducting the
sale of public arms, but in regard to the superin-
tendence of the armories.
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senator from Louisiana
thinks the provision as to the superintendents is
an objection, I will consent to strike it out.
Mr. SLIDELL. I do not oppose it; but it
may lead to discussion.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not know why it should.
I have been waiting a long time to get it up. The
bill was reported to the Senate without amend-
ment,
Mr. SIMMONS. I should like to examine the
present law in reference to the appointment of
these superintendents. I think there was a dis-
cussion here some eight or ten years ago on the
question of appointing civil superintendents to
manage the machine shops at the armories. I do
not know that the present system, m that respect,
has worked very badly. 1 should like to inquire
about it before I vote. Unless there is a very
urgent necessity for passing that part of the bill,
I prefer it should go over. There is no objection
to the other part of the bill that I know of.
Mr. DAVIS. If there is any objection, I will
waive it. I will state, however, the whole view
I have on the subject ill a single sentence. I was
always opposed to taking the superintendence of
the armories from the control of the ordnance de-
partment. I think experience has shown that it
was an unwise measure; that, although we got a
very good superintendent at one of the armories,
it was necessary to keep an ordnance officer there
the greater part of the 'time, to dircct the opera-
tions. At the other armory everything has gone
from bad to worse from the day the change was
made. Then, again, the Senator from Rhode
Island will understand, without an argument, that
an officer stationed at an armory could have ord-
nance soldiers to serve as sentinels, as a guard;
and that, if we have a civilian in charge of the
works, he cannot thus employ the ordnance men,
who are soldiers of the Army. There is the whole
question.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. I should like to examine
the bill before it passes. I have no opportunity
to examine it now. There are two special orders
set for to-day already, as I understand. I ha,ve
no objection to an early consideration of the bill;
but I nave not examined it, and I do not know
that I am prepared to vote upon it.
Mr. DAVIS. Of course, I would not ask any
Senator to vote for it without examination. I will
say Thursday morning. [" Monday."]
Mr. HALE. Has the bill been printed ?
Mr. DAVIS. Oh, yes; it has been lying on
our tables.
Mr. WILSON. Let it go over to Thursday.
Mr. DAVIS. Say Thursday morning. I move
to make it the special order for Thursday, at two
o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
BANK ISSUES IN THE DISTRICT OP COLUMBIA.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 50) to
prohibit the issue of bank notes by corporations,
associations, or individuals within the District of
Columbia; and further to prevent the circulation
of bank notes issued by any incorporated com-
pany or association of individuals located beyond
the limits of the District of Columbia, of a less
denomination than twenty dollars.
Mr. SIMMONS. When this bill was under
discussion, the other day, I had intended to ad-
dress some remarks to the Senate upon it; but
since then the discussion that took place has pretty
much passed from my mmd. I was principally
induced to notice tho pcpvisions of this bill by
what fell from different Senators on the opposite I!
side of this Chamber in reference to the conduct
of these banks, and particularly in reference to the
course pursued by the Senator from Virginia [Mr.
Mason] in opposing this bill.
The Senator from Virginia, as I thought, gave
very good reasons for not interfering by legisla-
tion with the affairs of the banks of this District-.
The temperate and reasonable view which he took
of these institutions, caused so much surprise on
the other side that my attention was attracted.
There were very harsh epithets used in relation
to the conduct ot these banks. They were charged
with having violated the law, and issued bills
without law and against law; and yet, as I read
the report of the committee, there has never been
any law against the issuing of bank bills within
the District, except so far as there is a law pre-
venting the issue of bills below five dollars. That
is what I gather from the reading of the report,
and this legislation is called for because there is
no existing law against the issue of paper money
here.
Both the Senators from Louisiana denounced
the banks here, and one of them spoke of their
conduct as a fraudulent evasion of the law, con-
tinuing the charters of the banks from time to
time, for the purpose of liquidating, as they said,
and winding up their concerns. Whatever may
have been the character of these institutions while
they were incorporated, whatever may have been
their conduct prior to the expiration of their char-
ters, the Senate do not purpose now to go into an
examination of it with a view to any legislation.
They are no longer corporations, and have not
been for sixteen years. Why should we adopt a
system of legislation towards associated com-
panies here for carrying on banking business, that
have been operating for sixteen years without
complaint? Why base that legislation upon the
ground that some other institutions, prior to 1844,
violated the law? Suppose they did violate it; 1
cannot find any violation of the law. But admit-
ting it all to be true, is it any ground to justify
our interfering with the business relations of the
people in this District, that corporations which
existed within the limits of this District sixteen
years ago may have violated the spirit of some
of the provisions of a law that was enacted to wind
them up ? I think not.
I regard these acts of incorporation for limited
periods as not having granted a single power to
these bodies corporate. They merely created a
legal entity, authorizing it to sue and be sued,
and describing what officers could bind that cor-
poration by their signature-, an|l going on to say
how it could elect its officers, &c. They never gave
them any power to issue bills as a currency.
Theie is no suchgrant in the acts. The only bank
charter I have examined is that of the Bank of
Washington. It seems to have been an associ-
ated companyforbankingpurposes,and had been,
for eighteen months, when the charter was granted,
under the same name that was given to it by the
charter as its corporate name. I should suppose,
without understanding much about law, that after
the expiration of a charter, the institution would
revert to the original proprietors, with all its ef-
fects. They would stand, then, where they had
been before they had a charter—that would be my
opinion—without any law to wind it up; and it
was optional with those people whether they would
wind up under their extended charters or not.
They were extended from 1831 to 1836, and then
subsequently extended for short periods, with a
view to their settling up the affairs of the corpo-
rations. Whatever may have been the provisions
of those acts, extending their charters with a view
to their affairs being wound up or settled up, is
of no consideration now. Whether they behaved
well or ill, the present trustees of these institu-
tions are not at all responsible for them.
These institutions are the only ones %vithinthis
city for the accommodation of the business of the
city, excepting private banks. The general notion
that acts of incorporation—which are usually got
up merely for the convenience of transacting busi-
ness—necessarily grant powers, is a very errone-
ous one. They may grant powers, but the charter
that I examined granted none. It did not grant
power to take deposits or to issue bills. There
were some provisions in some of the acts fixing
damages for refusal to pay a debt, or for a sus-
pension of spscie payments, at twelve per cent,
per annum, instead of six- 
Mr. GREEN. Will the Senator allow me to*
interrupt him?
Mr. SIMMONS. Certainly.
Mr. GREEN. I merely wish to suggest that
it is desirable to have a short executive session-;
and if the Senator will allow me, I will make that
motion now, and this bill will go over and be the
special order for the next day we meet.
Mr. SLIDELL. I trust not. I trust the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island will be allowed to con-
clude, and a vote taken on the bill.
Mr. SIMMONS. I will do almost- anything
that is wanted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster.)
Does the Senator from Rhode Island givs way to
the Senator from Missouri ?
Mr. SIMMONS. I did not understand what
he wanted to do.
Mr. GREEN. I desire an executive session
with your consent, and not without.
Mr. SIMMONS. I have no objection. I do
not like to occupy time when there is more im-
portant business.
Mr. GREEN. I move, then, that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive business.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Missouri move the postponement of the
subject under consideration?
Mr. GREEN. Let it go over as the special
order for the next day of meeting.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I ask the honorable Sen-
ator from Missouri to allow me, in relation to an-
other special order which was fixed for to-day, to
move also that that be fixed for the same time.
What is the time ? I move that the special order,
which was fixed for to-day, on my motion a week
ago, be postponed 
Mr. SLIDELL. I must object to any inter-
ruption. If theScnatorfromRhodelsland chooses
to give way for the purpose of going into execu-
tive session, that is a motion that is not suscepti-
ble of debate; it cannot be discussed; and I am
perfectly willing that the question shall be taken
on it; but I prefer it should be taken at once, with-
out any other business being brought before the
Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is th®
motion before the Senate. The question is, Shall
the business before the Senate be postponed to go
into executive session?
Mr. SLIDELL. That is not the question.
The question is on going into executive seision;
and then this bill will remain the business before
the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on going into executive session.
The question being put, there were, on a divis-
ion, ayes 16, noes 16; no quorum voting.
Mr. MASON. Will the Senate allow me to
say this: I feel myself constrained to renew the
motion of the Senator from Missouri, but I did
not intend to do it until a later hour. It is im-
portant that some executive business should bo
transacted to-day. I do not think it will take a
very long time to do it; but it is now nearly three
o'clock, and very little business, I presume, can
be transacted between this and the hour at which
the Senate usually adjourns. I renew the motion
to go into executive session. There is aquorum
now present.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on a
division—ayes nineteen, noes not counted; and the
Senate proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. After some time spent therein, the
doors were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE of REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, Fe6i-«arij.21, 1860.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Sestimbs Tostin, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
The SPEAKER has appointed the following
members Regents of the Smithsonian Institution:
Messrs. Stanton, English, and Gartrell.
CHANGES IN COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER appointed Mr. Noell a mem-
ber of the Committee on Private Land Claims, m
place of Mr. Anderson, of Missouri, excused;
and Mr. Anderson, of Missouri, a member of the
Committee on Expenditures on the Public Build-
ings, m place of Mr. Nogll, excused.
