1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will Nugs;rst that thu amendment appropriating
§1 jO,OUU for the custom-house at Charleston has
been agreed to.
Air. X'RUMBULL. I move to reconsider the
vote by which it was adopted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on reconsidering the vote agreeing to the amend-
ment. Does the Senator wish to occupy the floor
on thu question ?
Mr. SL1DELL and Mr. TOOMBS. Letitbe
reconsidered by comraoi) consent.
Air. IRUMHULL. I wish to say a word in
regard to the appropriation. Since 1 first ad-
dressed tiie Cinur, I have referred to the Finance
Report, and I am now able to state very nearly
what has been expended on this building, and
what it is supposed it will cost to finish it. The
total amount of appropriation for the custom-
house at Charleston, according to the finance re-
port of the Secretary of the Treasury, is $^,053,000.
Of this amount there was withdrawn, on the 30th
of September last, $1,956,185 58, leaving an un-
expended balance of §96,814 42. In round num-
bers, 1 may say that #2,000,000 have been already
expended upon this building. 1 will read an ex-
tract from the report:
" Ab no additional appropriation was made by the last
Congress to continue tlie work upon the new custom-house
at Charleston. South Carolina, and as il is dneetcd in tho act
making appropriation lor t-undry civil expenses, approved
March 3, 1859, that the unexpended balance of former ap-
propriations should be used in finishing the building, a re-
duction ol the lore: upon tlie woik became necc.si-arv.
'• It \va- niamte^tly a physical impossibility to comply
literally with tlie direction? of Confess to finish the build-
ing with the unexpended balances, a~ these balances, at
the date of this direction amounted only to ,^51,963 97 ;
wliije the then estimated eostof completion, including the
massive dome, was nearly lu-o million iollms."
There had been then expended, taking out the
096,000 on hand, §1,600,000, or about that sum;
and the direction oi Congress at that time was to
go on and finish the building; with the balance
then on hand, of some $-250,000; which it was
impossible to do, as we aie told, because the esti-
mated balance to complete the building was then
nearly two million dollars; and there is asked for
continuing the work upon this building this year
$500,000;
Dm if the work i-? to be continued in a manner which
true economy would make liece^ary, an appropriation of
^.jOO.OtlU would l>u necessary dui ins; the coining fiscal >ear,
to he made available as early as the necessities of the work
require."
It is true, the committee have not reported
$500,000. They have reported $,135,000, I thmk,
and some fifteen thousand dollars to discharge
present contracts. But, to go on with the work,
with a due regard to economy, they must have
$500,000 this year; and, to finish the work as
stated in this report, will cost $2,000,000. Now,
sir, I wish the Senate and the country to under-
stand this; and I wish the Senator from South
Carolina to understand that I do not object to this
custom-house at all because it is in Charleston,
South Carolina. 1 would object to building a
custom-house which was to cost $4,000,000 any-
where. I look upon it as a most extravagant and
profligate waste of the public money, to invest-
such a sum in a building at any point. Sir, when
we are informed, as we are by this report, that
£'2.000,000 are necessary to complete the building,
or, if you takeout what was then on hand,$:&>],G0i),
that $1,750,000 are now necessary to complete
this building, 1 say we should stop where we are. !
Let us carry out the policy of the last Congress, jj
which directed the money then on hand (">251,000} ij
to be used to finish the building, and put it in a j
condition so that we can use it; and not carry out ;
tins plan, which is to involve the Government in an I
expenditure of $3,000,000. if you eannotdo that, h
1 would sny,abandon the building; sell the marble j|
for what it will bung; put up <x building that will ji
cost one, two, three, or four hundred thousand i
dollars, ifyou please, which will certainly answer
ail the purposes of a custom-house m that city.
1 Think tin eustom-hoiues at Boston and Phihi- !■
delphia only cost sonic-thing like that sum. I had !'
occasion once to look into the reports, to see how j,
many oflict is were employed in the custom-house j|
at Charleston. I think only forty or fifty clerks j
were j mployed in that magnificent building. !■
Now, sir, it the Senate,"with this knowledge jj
before them, are prepared to go on appropriating jj
money without any definite estimate—only this lj
general estimate, made in the Finance Report, as h
2815
to what the estimated cost of the completion of
the building would be, of $2,000,000—if the Sen-
d'sPose£i tl> go on and appropriate now,
J lo0,000, when $500,000 is asked for, without
having any definite understanding as to what the
building in the end is to cost, so be it. But I think
it is time that we should stop. X hope that the
motion which I have made, to reconsider the vote
on which we agreed to appropriate 0150,000 for
this building, will be agreed to.
Mr. SLIDfiLL. I understood that, by com-
mon consent, the reconsideration was granted in
order that we might go on and complete the sub-
:ject.
Mr. TOOMBS. The reconsideration was
agreed to, I think.
Mr. SL1DELL. Mr. President, the Senator
from Illinois, in objecting to this amendment for
the Charleston custom-housc, has also referred
to the custom-house at New Orleans. On one of
the points that he has suggested—as to the total
cost of the building—1 have it in my power to
give him information. £ have a letter of Major
Beauregard, who is superintendent of the work,
dated on the 24th of December, 1858—since that
time no appropriations have been made—in which
he says:
'• At tlie end of the present month, the total disburse-
rnanto on the builrt/ng will have been about two miihon
six hundred thou&and dollars, in the expenditure of which
every precaution has been used to secme the most perfect
and durable 4 line of work' at ttie lowest cost that the case
admitted of.
" The estimates for the entire cost of the structure, from
the first, (ineJua-ive of the above,) amount to about thiee
and a half million dollars; and it will greatly dimmish all
contingent expenditure to have the balance still requited
to complete the woik appropriated in as large annual sums
as practicable; fot tlie immense amount ot perishable ma-
terial absolutely necessary to the construction, in fecdtfojd-
ing, derricks, &e., mu t be kept in repair, and latge por-
tions of the work exposed to the weather and subject to
coriosion, thus pointing out the iuipoitanee of hastening
the final roof cover."
This letter was written on the 24th of Decem-
ber, I808. The whole amount of appropriation
up to this time is $2,925,000. Deduct that from
$3,500,000,and the whole appropriation necessary
to finish this building is ff>O0,OOO. There aie
peculiar circumstances attending the building at
New Orleans, which take it out of the usual cate-
gory. The Senator has suggested, in relation to
the Charleston custom-house, that m order to
avoid this immense expense, it would be good
policy to sell the marble at what it was worth,
and erect a structure less costly. Congress cannot
pursue that policy in iciatiou to the custom-house
at New Orleans, without a violation of every ob-
ligation, lcgai and moral. The custom-house at
New Orleans is built upon an entire square of
ground in the most business portion of the city—
a square of ground,! think, of about four hundred
and fifty feet by four hundred. This ground was
given by the city of New Orleans to the United
States, on the express condition that on its site
should be erected, not only a custom-house, but
other offices sufficient for the dispatch of the whole
public business in New Orleans. That is a con-
tract.
The United States accepted this donation of
land from the city of NewOfIcans,nnd undertook
to erect a suitable building The people of New
Orleans, and the people of Louisiana are notatall
responsible for any extravagance or error in the
plan of this building. They had nothing to do
with it. It was adopted by the Secretary of the
Treasury, without consultation with them. I sup-
pose there was a reasonable expectation that a
commodious, and not unsightly, building would j
be erected on a site so valuable as that; but the j
city of New Orleans, and the people of New Or- j
leans, were never at all consulted on the subject, j
This building has b<-en in the course of erection j
for about fourteen years—I think at least that. It j
is a nuisance to the neighborhood. The streets j
aie obstructed by the deposits of marble. There j
is an immense scaffolding that occupies the whole I
side-walk around the building—a scaffolding that |
has been erected probably at an expense of forty ;
or fifty thousand dollars, necessarily subject to j
rot and decay; and if this building be not finished >
within a year or two, there is an additional ex-
pense. The building is without a roof, and sub-
ject to the devastations of time and weather. It
is true economy to finish it.
But if the Senator from Illinois will make a
proposition to the city of New Orleans to give us
this building, we will take it and finish it. It hag
very often been contemplated to remove the seat
of government from Baton Rouge to New Or-
leans; and it would make an admirable -State
fclouse. We shall not only receive, but receive it
with thanks, and finish the building. •
This building is not simply intended for tho re-
ception of tho custom-house officers. There are
immense w rehouses connected with it, in which
large amounts of merchandise are stored. The
post office is to be in the building. A proper
post office in New Orleans, large' enough for the
accommodation ot the public, and located in a
central point, could not be leased for less'than
$10,000 a year. The courts are to be there; the
offices of tho commissary and the quartermasters;
and the land office. All these will receive accom-
modation under this roof. Now, I appeal to the
Senate, in the first place, whether it be true econ-
omy to arrest this work; whether it is not better
to finish it jji the shortest possible time? But put-
ting aside the mere question of expediency, I
appeal to the sense of honor on the part of the
Senate, have they any right to violate their con-
tract with the city of New Orleans? Have they
any right to perpetuate the nuisance which this
building now is?
I have taken the opportunity of making these
remarks in anticipation of the amendment that is
to be discussed. There is another point. The
Senator from Illinois stated that tins building was
in a very perilous and sinking condition. Now,
sir, it has reached that point where it will sink
no longer. There v/as to have been an expensive
dome constructed to the building according to the
original plan. At the instance of the engineers,
who were unwilling to put so heavy a weight ou
the building, iron iias been substituted—a lighter
material—and a dome of less magnificent propor-
tions. The building has ceased to sink. There
is a misprint in the Finance Report, which prob-
ably has led the Senator from Illinois into an
error as to the extent of the sinking of this build-
ing during the past year. The aggregate of a
number of years was made the maximum of a
single year. I have a letter from the head of the
bureau of construction on that point, in which he
says:
Treasury Department, Office of Construction,
Washington, D. u., March 6, I860.
Sir: i beg rcspocilully to apprise you that, in conse-
quence 01 the omission by the Printer to lurnisii me with a
proof of my annual rcpoit, some important typographical
errors have been made, to one of which I desire to call
; your special attention.
At page 102 (Report on the Finances) the maximum set-
tlement of the walls of the New Oileans custom-house is
stated to be twenty-two and fifty-seven one hundredths
inches since December 1857. It was wiitten 1851. This
makes the settlement for the last two yeais appear to be
what !•>, in fact, the cnthc maximum settlement of the
walls, namely, twenty-two ami /hty-seven one hundredths
inches, wheieas the actual maximum settlement for the two
years has been but six and thirteen one hundredths inches.
You aie awaic that the settlement the pa*t year has been
les-s than any preceding year, being a mean settlement of
about one ami a half inch, and that the whole building lias •
settled less, in propoition to us weight, than buildmgbordi-
narily do in the peculiar soil of that city.
I have thought it my duty to appuse you of this, in view
of the memoiia! iccently presented by you, from the Cham-
ber of Cwmncice ol that city, asking an appropriation for
the completion of the work.
I have the honor, sir, to be, very respectfully, yours,
A. H. BOWMAN,
Engineer in charge of the Treasury Department.
Hon, John Seidell, Senate Chamber, Washington, D. C.
A maximum settlement of twenty-two inches,
if confined to one particular part of a building,
would certainly indicate unskiilfulness in the con-
struction* and might give rise to apprehensions
for the safety of the building; but the settling oj*
this building is nearly uniform. There is not a
crack in any of tho walls. Of course, everybody
will understand that, if the settling is uniform, it
does not at all affect the solidity and stability of
the building. The Chamber of Commerce of
New Orleans, and the merchants generally, have
presented very urgent appeals on this subject.
They all feel, as I do, that the building is a great
nuisance in its present state, and many of them
are suffering direct pecuniary loss from the failure
to complete it.
Mr. CLARK. If the Senator will pardon me
a moment, I do not understand that the settie
ment of this building is uniform.
Mr. SUDELL. Not absolutely uniform. I
did not. say so.
Mr. CLARK. I understand from the Finance
