2816
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11.
Report that in some parts it has notsettled atalL
The minimum settlement is reported as nothing,
and the maximum twoandsixtf-three-hundredths
inches; so that the longer the settlement goes on
at one part, the worse it will be. It is stationary
at one end.
Mr. SLIDELL. I will state to the Senate a
fact within my own knowledge: the walls are per-
fectly sound.
Mr. CLARK. That may be.
Mr. TOOMBS. X have a few observations to
make in reference to these buildings, that ought
to end this question. This is not the time for the
Senate of the United States to be discussing these
questions of public buildings. You will And, as
a general rule, that those who are most lavish in
ordering them and adopting the plans and speci-
fications, are the first to oppose the appropria-
tions. The building at New Orleans commenced
fourteen years ago, and the one at Charleston ton
years ago. Your officers of the Government then
made contracts, in pursuance of the law, with
people all over the United States;agreed that cer-
tain materials should be furnished, and a ccrtain
amount paid for the workmanship; and you were
pledged to go on from year to year toappropriate
money according to the convenience of the public
finances, or, generally speaking—it being sup-
posed that we always have enough—according to
the convenience of prosecuting the work; and the
sole business of the Finance Committee has been .
to look at these estimates, and, taking into view
what can be advantageously spent, as well as the
condition of the Treasury, to appropriate that
amount. Wecannotabandon it. Wecannotundo
this work which was commenced ten years ago.
Here are many custom-houses, against which I
straggled and fought and battled, day after day,
at the right time and place: that was, when it was
first proposed to build them; but when you have
made contracts and have nearly finished the build-
ings, it is another question. Part of this very
expenditure is $30,000 for marble from the State
of Maine, delivered there. Here is a sum of
$165,000 due to contractors, 1 believe of the same
State, for furnishing granite. They furnished it
under contract. You ruin them, you destroy
them, unless you pay them font. You agreed to
pay a certain price for stone and marble; and, as
all their material is on hand, and their ships and
workmen are on hand, for the Government to stop
is probably to ruin these parties in so large a con-
tract. The Government has a right, under the
contract, to have the material supplied according
to the wants of the building; and when the con-
tractors have got out vast quantities of material,
when they have bought ships adequate to this
heavy transportation, for the Government not to
pay them is to ruin them. Now, to talk of the
Government abandoning these contracts, when
$2,000,000have already been expended,is absurd;
and lsuppose nobody thinks seriously of it at all.
s It is merely taking up the time of the country un-
necessarily to talk in that way. The honorable
Senator from Illinois cannot tell us what the con-
tract is. It has been made eight or ten years.
The work has been proceeded with according to
the contract, and if we do not continue it, we may
have to pay damages to half the amount. It will
only take $600,000 more to complete the custom-
house at New Orleans; but if it took $6,000,000
it would be a question for the Senate to refer to
the appropriate committee, to examine whether
it would be best for the Government to rescind
the contract or not; but as to simply refusing the
appropriations, you may, by so doing, ruin the
contractors, subject yourselves to damages, and
subject the public property to deterioration. That
is the whole result of this kind of discussion—
nothing else.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know whether the
Senator from Georgia has examined the contracts
for the completion of the custom-house at Charles-
ton. He has charge of this bill; and he speaks of
this propositioncomingfrom theappropriate com-
mittee. If he can inform us what contracts have
been made in reference to the custom-house there,
and whether obligations have been entered into
to the extent of $2,000,000 more, we should be
better advised how to act. But it seems to me
almost inconceivable that contracts were entered
into to pay $4,000,000 for this building. I appre-
hend these contracts are made from time to time,
as the appropriations are made.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No; they are made in
advance.
Mr. TRUMBULL. How long in advance?
Certainly no contracts have been made within the
last year, because wo provided more than a year
ago that the unexpended balance should be used
for the purpose of fitting up these buildings, so
that they could be used; and no officer, it is very
certain, would have had any authority to go on
and make contracts within the last year.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will inform the Senator
that, though I have not looked at the contracts
with reference to these buildings, I have at that
for the Treasury extension, and I believe they are
all of the same character. That contract was sim-
ply to furnish, at given rates, the granite for the
construction of the building—it does not say how
much—and within a reasonable time, as wanted.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then it is, very clearly,
all within our own discretion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is no sort of diffi-
culty about it. We have not provided how much
granite should be used in the Treasury building;
and if we have made a contract with a party to
furnish as much granite as may be needed foriin-
ishing the building—and we have the control of
the finishing of the-building—we shall call for as
much as is necessary to complete it. If we have
entered into no contract with them determining
how much granite they shall furnish, but saying
" whatever granite we want to build our house
with, we will buy it of you;" then, if we find that
we do not want any more, we can stop the con-
tract. There is no quantity contracted for, as I
understand.
Mr. PEARCE. The contract is made accord-
ing to a certain plan.
jMr. TRUMBULL. It does not appear that it
is contracted for in reference to any particular
plan of building, or that any given quantity is to
be furnished. The Senator from Maine has not
stated that. He has not stated that any plan of a
building is made part of the contract for furnish-
ing this granite.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I did notgo into the de-
tails; I supposed you would understand that, as
a matter of course.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir; I did not under-
stand any such thing. I understood, from the
Senator, that a contract was made to furnish as
much as the Government should think proper to
call for. The contractors had a preference in fur-
nishing the materials. Let us see some of these
contiacts; and 1 think, when we come to examine
them, it will be found that contracts were not made
sixteen years ago, when it is said these buildings
were commenced, for furnishing materials that
were to cost $4,000,000 to build a custom-house.
I cannot think any officer ever would have entered
into such contracts. I think that the building is
now costing double and treble what any body sup-
posed it would have cost. I have not the least
idea that, when this building was commenced,
anybody connected with it supposed it was to cost
what, it appears now by the estimates, is to be
the cost of the final completion of the building—
$4,000,000.
As we commenced the policy of finishing up
these buildings for use, a year ago—and certainly
no contracts can have been made within the last
year—I think we had better adhere to that policy;
strike out this appropriation; let the officers then
make an estimate or what is necessary to com-
plete the buildings; and if there is any contract
entered into with any paity, under which he will
suffer damage by reason of our violating the con-
tract, 1 am for remunerating him. I would not
crush contractors. Let us deal justly with them;
but 1 would not go on, as the Senator from Geor-
gia says, and expend six millions of money to
build a useless building, when we could settle
satisfactorily with the contractors, perhaps, by
paying them $500,000. Wc had better to-day
call these contractors before us, and pay them
£500,000 to stop; and I have no doubt they would
be very glad to take it. It is not at all likely that
their profits would amount to any such sumas that.
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 desire to say a word m
relation to this matter; because it is a question
with which I have had some familiarity, a ques-
tion which I have had occasion very frequently
to examine. I want to say, in the outset, that
the expenditures, both at New Orleans and at
Charleston, I think, have been wrong, have been
extravagant, have been such as were never con-
templated when the original appropriations were
made; but the question which now presents itself
to us, for our consideration, is, what shall we do
in the present exigency; what shall we do in the
present state of things surrounding us ? Your
Government has made contracts with various
persons to furnish materials to complete these
works according; to certain specifications. The
Senator from Illinois wants to see them; he wants
to know all about them. Well, sir, the Senator
from Illinois will find it very troublesome and very
difficult, when he seeks to do the duties of all the
committeesoftheSenate, and to resist every meas-
ure that may emanate from a committee, of which
he may not be a member. It is a very easy thing
to raise objections, and it is very easy to pros-
trate them.
Now, sir, I know what I say, because this mat-
ter was for years before the Committee on Com-
merce, upon which I have been ever since I have
been amemberof the Senate. While we have au-
thorized by law a change of the contract in New
Orleans, in relation tocertain portions of the build-
ing, from the contract as originally made, nobody
dreamed it was going to be as expensive as it has
proved; but it was made for the granite, made for
the iron, made for the lumber, made for ail the
materials that enter into the building. The Sen-
ator from Georgia has well said that, if you do
not make the appropriation, ccrtain classes of
these contractors will be ruined. 1 know it. Look
at the granite, that comes here. How is it brought
here? By huge ships that are made for no other
purpose, and are fit for no other purpose than as
mere stone-carriers: and yet more expensive than
any ships that navigate the ocean, costing thou-
sands upon thousands of dollars, and valueless
for all else. Go to the works of the contractors,
extensive as thoy are, remote from population,
where all their machinery is employed. Stop
your appropriations, and you ruin them utterly.
They have made contracts with your officers, and
in those contracts are specifications of every sin-
gle piece of granite or marble that is to go into
this building, from foundation to top. The De-
partment did not go into an estimate, and say
what the sum was going to amount to, and when
I it would be completed; and in thatthey did wrong;
| but that is not the fault of the contractors. Last
J year these men delivered, I think the Senator from
Greorgia said, §160,000 worth of granite all along
your streets, and large quantities of marble at
New Orleans and at Charleston.
Here is a very good illustration of this very mat-
ter, I think, in the very building in which I stand,
and in which we now sit. We have appropriated
—how much 1 do not know, probably six or seven
millions, for the Capitol extension. In my judg-
ment it was all wrong. I voted persistently
against the appropriation; 1 fought it; I was op-
posed to it. With all the economy which the
Senator from Virginia [Mr. Huster] usually
manifests, I thought him wrong in favoring that
appropriation ; but the thing was done, not by my
laid. The building was commenced, and almost
completed—a magnificent structure—but here and
there is a little corner on which you want to place
the finishing block of marble. Will my friend
from Illinois vote to tear down these wails, and,
to use his own language, sell this marble for the
most he can get, rather than make that little ap-
propriation proposed ? That, I think, is about a
fair illustration. That there has been too much
money expended in these buildings, I do not
deny; I affirm it; but still, when you have made
your contracts, you cannot get out of them so
cheaply by stopping the work as you can by
completing it; though by completing it you may
expend a larger amount than you ought to have
expended, i think the best way for us to act is
to go on with this matter. I would put in a lim-
itation, if it could be done justly and appropriately;
but I think when we undertake to investigate all
that belongs to other departments, we shall find
ourselves involved in more business than wc can
intelligently perform; and we may as well leave
some things to others, whose duty it is to dis-
charge them. Now, sir, I believe that it i1* wise
and just, that as a matter of strict, simple justice
to men with whom you made your contracts, you
ought to make these appropriations, and I shall
vote for them.
