430
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 16j.
36tii Cons. ... 1st Sess.
The President's Protest—Mr. Loo-mis.
Ho. of Reps.
impeachment. The question, then, is one of great j
impoitance—being nothing less than the question
of power and prerogative in one man, against the
right of free inquiry, free discussion, and free de-
liberation, on the part of the Representatives of
the people.
The paramount question, if not the only one,
fairly at issue between the President and the
House of Representatives, is, whether the latter
has any light to institute the proposed investiga-
tion; and I shall confine my remarks mainly to
this question. It is true, the debate has taken a
wider range. The particular mode of proceed-
ing adopted by the House has been severely de-
nounced by the President and his supporters.
It is claimed that, before this House adopted
the resolution to which the President objccts, it
should have made duo inquiry, should have ob-
tained sufficient preliminary information to de-
termine the expediency or necessity of the pro-
ceeding, or whether or not there was probable
cause for it.
In reply to this, I will say, that these consid-
erations must be addressed to the discretion of
the House, and each member must judge for him-
self whether or not he possesses sufficient inform-
ation to act in such a case. But public opinion
may afford such probable cause as renders it not
only right and proper, but even a duty, to investi-
gate. And in this case, I submit whether there
was not a wide-spread and deeply-rooted belief
among the people that the executive powers of
the Government had been grossly abused, and
prostituted to the most unworthy objects, and
that executive influence and dictation had been
brought to bear on the action of Congress in an
unprecedented manner? This of itself, I sub-
mit, would justify such a resolution of inquiry
as the one tiiat was passed by this House. But
it might not justify the institution of that "sub-
lime spectacle before the world," (as the protest
terms it,) the impeachment of the President. The
right to make inquiry is entirely independent of
the result of that inquiry.
But the expediency and propriety of any such
proceeding may be best vindicated by the result,
oy the facts that may be elicited and the good
accomplished. And when the evidence which \
this investigation has obtained shall be published j
before Lhc country, I am confident thopeople will j
say there was a propriety in instituting this in-
quiry; yea, a necessity, in order to purify the j
administration of our public affairs, and protect
Congress against the great and growing evil of
Executive dictation. That this committee should
be vilified and abused, is a matter of course; for
u ]Vo rogue c Vi felt the halter draw,
Wall good opinion ofth« law."
But I will not dwell upon these objections, go-
ing to the mere form or expediency of the pro-
ceedings for they seem to concedc the right and
power of the House to institute an investigation,
for which we contend, but which right the protest
denies. It is, therefore, folly to cavil about forms
and preliminaries and modes of proceeding, when,
if the doctrines of the protest are true, no form,
no preliminary proceedings and no mode, (other
than by impeachment,) could make the proposed
investigation constitutional or right.
The plea of the protest is to the jurisdiction of j
this House; which presents an issue we should
decide before we have occasion to discuss the form
of the proceeding. And in order to do this intel-
ligently, we want a clear understanding of the
resolution against which the President enters his
" solemn protest."
And here 1 would remark, that it is not properly
an accusation or charge, as it has been termed. It j
is true that, by implication, it conveys the idea
that somebody had suspected the X^resident of
such misconduct. But it is also true that the form
of the resolution is such that it might, without
great impropriety , have been adopted by one who
believed the President innocent, and who desired
to see him vindicated, as well as by one who be- (
lieved him guilty, and wished to see him exposed. !
Neither is the resolution a judgment or finding of j
any fact against the President, and it cannot, by i
possibility, be so construed. i
It is therefore unlike the resolution of the Sen- I
ate of the 28th of March, 1834, against which j
President Jackson issued his celebrated protest— I
basing such protest mainly on the ground that
the resolution was judicial in its character, and in
substancc a direct impeachment, and that, too,
without, any preliminary action on the part of
the House of Representatives. But the resolu-
tion now in question proposes simply an inquiry
or investigation, in these -words:
"Resolved, That a committee of five members be ap-
pointed by the Speaker, for the purpose of investigating
whether the President of the Untied States, or-auy other
officcr of the Government, has., by money, patronage, or
other improper means, sought to influence the action of
Congress, or any committee thereof, for or against the pas-
sage of any law appertaining to the rights of any State or
Territory; and also to inquire into and investigate whether
any officer or officers ol tiie Covernmenthave, by combin-
ation, or otherwise, prevented and deteated, or attempted
to prevent or defeat, the execution of any law or laws now
on the statute-book, and whether the President has failed
or refused to compel the execution of any law thereof."
Now, is the object of this resolution within the
legitimate constitutional duties or privileges of the
House of Representatives? What is its object?
Is it to inquire into matters entirely foreign to
our dutiesand privileges, and which can m no
wise affect the legislation of the country ? By no
means. But, on the contrary, its object is to de-
termine whether the legislation and acts of Con-
gress have been improperly influenced or ob-
structed. It is to inquire whether the privileges
of this House have been invaded or violated. It
is to protect and guard the purity of this House.
It is to protect freedom of deliberation and free-
dom of legislative action here.
These are the objects, or some of them, con-
templated by the icsolution. And are they not
clearly within the legitimate scope of our duties
and privileges ?
The right of the House is based, then, in this
case, on the great and God-given right of self-
defense—a right as sacred for collective or cor-
porate bodies as for individuals. "Where, then,
1 ask, is the exception to this right? Where is
the power to limit or arrest the proposed investi-
gation, while we keep the object in view? I freely
admit there is some limitation to our power of
investigation and inquiry, But this limitation,
in all cases, depends upon the nature of the in-
quiry, and not at all upon the official station of the
person concerning whose conduct the inquiry is
to be made. And herein consists the fallacy as
well as the mischief of the protest, in that it de-
nies our right of inquiry, because it is the conduct
of a President that is involved. But what earthly
difference should it make with this right, on ac-
count of the official station of the person who
may be collaterally affected by its exercise? Be-
cause the blow at our privileges comes from one
high in office, can we not disco ver whence it comes,
and try to ward it off? Because it is proposed to
trace the stream ofcorruption to its source, among
those highest in official station, must such cor-
ruption jemain unexposed,and be forever secure
beneath "the dusky folds of oblivion?"
If corrupting influences come from private citi-
zens, or members of either branch of Congress,
or Cabinet officers, or those who wear thejudicial
ermine, Congress can protect itself and its legis-
lation against such influences. Pray tell me why
the President alone should be exempt? Upon
what meat does this, our Ceesar, feed, that he has
grown so great ?
The President's exemption cannot be owing to
the fact that, by the Constitution, he is liable to
impeachment; because all civil officers of the Uni-
ted States are equally liable to impeachment, and
by virtue of the same provision of the Constitu-
tion. And if the President is thereby exempt,
so are all the other officers of our Government;
and the whole administration of our civil affairs
could riot in abuse, and yet defy all investiga-
tion !
But I understand it is admitted that the conduct
of some of these other civil officers may be in-
quired into. If so, I submit, it is an admission
fatal to the argument of the protest. Neither does
the Constitution afford this exemption to the Pres-
ident. Such an investigation as the House pro-
posed does not conflict with atay provision of that
instrument, either express or implied.
It is represented that we have invaded the
sphere of the President's constitutional rights.
But how can this be? Has the President any con-
stitutional right to influence the action of Con-
gress by money, patronage, or other improper
means? Certainly not. We do not, therefore,
inquire at all into his conduct while acting within
the sphere of his constitutional duties; and he
might as well plead his prerogative as President
in an action for assault and battery in a court of
justice, as to plead it in this case. When, there-
fore, it is claimed we violate the Constitution in
this matter, I think reference is had to the Pres-
ident's newspaper of that name, rather than to the
Constitution of the United States.
Neither should the President be exempt be-
cause, in his case, there can be no necessity of an
investigation. Do the privileges of the House
of Representatives need less protection and guard-
ianship because improper influences come from
a source so exalted as that of the President of the
United States ? No. In so much as the President
is more exalted and more influential than other
men, in that degree it becomes this House to use
greater vigilance in guarding its privileges.
To me it is a monstrous doctrine, that while
persons in all the subordinate places of official
station, and all the private walks of life, arc lia-
ble to such inquiries, yet the searching eye of
congressional investigation must be smitten with
blindness the instant it attempts to gaze on the
dazzling prerogatives of the President. He only
can say to inquiry, " thus far shalt thou come,
and no further."
You can roam at will over all the land, but
when you approach the great White House, you
will find its lordly lessee so elevated on the lofty
summits of prerogative, that all the people and
their Representatives must stand afar off, as if
awed into silent and unquestioning submission,
like the terror-stricken children of Israel around
the base of quaking Sinai.
If Congress cannot inquire into and expose the
torong in the acts of the President, it would be
better to concede to him at once the kingly motto,
that "he can do no wrong!"
What a doctrine to proclaim to the people in
this "land of the free," that they cannot, through
their Representatives in Congress, inquire whether
their servant (the President) has, by improper
means, sought to influence the passage of laws
by which they are governed!
What a doctrine this, to proclaim even to the
emigrants from the monarchies of the Old World,
who have come hither to seek a refuge under the
protecting wings of our free Constitution, from
the desolating dominion of imperial prerogatives
at home 1
But the President,in addition to considerations
addressed to the reason, makes one very urgent
appeal to our fears to sustain his protest, which
I must not omit to mention. It is a cry of alarm,
to rally for the safety and full vigor of the exec-
utive power.
We are gravely told that the legislative depart-
nient of our Government is about to aggrandize
itself at the expenseof the executive, and that the
fears of the great and wise of other times that the
executive power would prove too weak to cope
with its more grasping coordinate departments of
the Government are aoout to be realized !
Had itnot been for this protest, who could have
dreamed of such danger? I had supposed the
acts of the late Democratic Executives for the
past few years had banished the last apprehen**
sion of this character from the public mind.
Have we forgotten the operations of the Fed-
eral power against the popular will in Kansas,
which imposed on the necks of an unwilling peo-
ple a yoke more galling and more odious than
that which cost jKing George his colonies, or
Louis XVI. his head ? Have we forgotten how
the Executive disowned its most favorite Gov-
ernors m Kansas the instant thoy inclined to re-
spect the will of the people, and to swear by the
Cincinnati plaifomn instead of the Cincinnati Di-
rectory, till so many had resigned as to give Kan-
sas the name of u the grave-yard of Democratic
Governors?"
Have we forgotten the recent extraordinary
demand of the President for #30,000,000 of the
people's money to be put into hishands as secret-
service money to plot and plan for the acquisition
of Cuba?
Have we forgotten the special message of the
President in February, 1859, in which he impor-
