I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
431
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Contract System—Mr, Sicldcs.
Ho. OF Befs,:
tuned Congress to give him, for once, the war-
making power, which our fathers, jealous of the
one-man power, and of the " union of the purse
and the sword/' wisely determined that no Pres-
ident should have?
Do we not remember how, in urging Congress
to grant his request, he cited, with apparent ad-
miration, the high and regal authorities of Eu-
ropean monarchies,using the following language:
u The executive governments of Great Britain, France,
and other countries, possessing the war-making power, can
promptly employ the necessary means to enforce redress
for similar outrages upon their subjects. Not so the ex-
ecutive government ot the United States."
And he seemed to complain, (to use his lan-
guage,) that " the executive government of this
country, in its inteicourse with foreign nations,
is limited to the employment of diplomacy alone.''
No. We have not forgotten these extraor-
dinary acts on,the part of the Executive, and we
shall not forget them while the great Republican
party shall exist, to keep alive in the hearts of
the people the true fires of republican liberty,
which long ago went out on the cold, dark altars
of modern Democracy.
Where, 1 ask, is that thousand-eyed vigilance
with which the Democracy once tracked the foot-
steps of executive power? Where sleeps the
great antagonist of the central power that once
got up such fearful images—" the raw head and
bloody bones" of " consolidation" and " central-
ization"—those great scare-crowsin the old-fash-
ioned Democratic corn-field?
Surely the present Democratic party cannot
have " one drop of Democratic blood in its veins."
You would, at least, look in vain to find it. In-
stead of fearing executive usurpation, as of old,
it now fears a popular usurpation, as will be evi-
dent by the following extract from the organ of
the Democratic party, the Washington Union,
published a little more than a year ago, which
reads as follows:
" The tendency of all Republics has been to the gradual
accumulation of arbitrary power in the hands of the popu-
lace, at the expense of the constitutional rights of individ-
uals and minouties. Much is said oflegisluttve usurpation,
but more dangeious than all to a free Government is popu-
lar usurpation."
I will only say, in conclusion, that all who are
more jealous of the people than they are of the
Executive, ought to sustain the doctrines of the
protest. But they are doctrines which the people
will never sustain; for they will never allow the
plea of prerogative to be interposed in perpetual
bar of an inquiry into the acts of any of their
servants.
How different is the James Buchanan, Presi-
dent in I860, from the James Buchanan, Senator
in 1828! In 1828, on the floor of the Senate, he
truly said:
" It is a maxim of despots, that the people should never
inquire into the concerns of Govern mem. Those who have
enslaved mankind, from Caspar to Bonaparte, have always
endeavored, by presenting them with amusement, and by
every other means in their power, to attract the attention
of the people from the conduct of their rulers/' * *
* * "if the Government ha? been administered upon
correct principles, an intelligent people will do jnstice to
their rulers; if not, they will take care that every abuse
shall be corrected."
The present Executive has been distinguished for
his hostility to the will, the wishes, and the best
interests of the people. And the people will ev-
erywhere most heartily reciprocate this hostility.
The handwriting has already appeared on the
wall, announcing that the present Administration
has been weighed in the balance, and found want-
ing, and that the days of its reign are numbered.
It has now nothing to do but to make its last will
and testament. And, having nothing valuable to
dispose of, not even good will or a good name, I
recommend to the President to copy, for this pur-
pose, the last will and testament of Rabelais,
which reads as follows:
" I owe much, I possess nothing. I give the rest to the
poor/'
And if a funeral sermon should be required on
the occasion of the official demise of the present
Administration,! knowof nothingmore appropri-
ate than that which a Buckeye clergyman preached
at the funeral of one that had been much despised.
Said he:
"I have been begged, importuned, and entreated, to
preach this sermon; but I don't want to do it. I never did
like the man, I never knew nothing good of him. He had
hordes, and he run them; he iiad cocks, and he fit them;
he once had money, but he gambled it all away; he had
friends, but made them all his enemies. The bearers will
please icmove the body; and we will sing the following
hymn :
(Ci With rapture we delight
To see the cuss removed/ "
APPENDIX.
The resolution reported by Mr. Hickman, from
the majority of the JudiciaryComraittee, to whom
was referred the President's protest, is as follows:
" Resolved, That the House dissents from the doctrines
of the special message of the Pi e&ident of the United States
of March 28, 1860;
"That the extentofpowercontemplated in the adoption
of the resolution* of inquiry of March 5, 1860, is necessary
to the proper discharge of the constitutional duties devolved
upon Congress;
" That judicial determinations, the opinions of former
Presidents, and uniform usage, sanction its exercise; and
"That to abandon it would leave the executive depart-
ment of the Government without supervision or responsi-
bility, and would be likely to lead to a concentration of
power in the hands ot the President, dangerous to the rights
of a free people."
This resolution passed the Hbuse of kepresent-
atives on the 8th of June, 1860—yeas 88, nays
40; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Adrain, Aldrich, Ash-
ley, Beale, Bingham, B.lair, Blake, Urabson, Brayton, Bns-
tow, Buttinton,Burtingame,Burnham, Butterfie!d,Covode,
Cmtis, H. Winter Davis, John G. Davis, Dawes, Delano,
Duel!, Edgerton, Elliot, Ely, Etheridge, ronton, Foster,
Fouke, Flank, French,Gilmer,Gooeh, Grow, Gurley, Hale,
Hardeman, J. Morrison Harris, Ilatton, Ilelmick, Hickman,
William A. IJowaid, Ilumphicy, Irvine, Junkin, Fiancis
VV. Kellogg, William Kellogg, lulgore, De Witt C. Leach,
James M. Leach, Lee, Longneeker, I,oomU, Lovejoy,
Maynard, McKean, AlcKnight, ftfcPherson, Moorhead, Ed-
ward Joy Morn?:, Isaac N. Morris, Nelson, Pettit, Porter,
Potter, Christopher Robinson, itojee,Sch<vfu-tz, .Sherman,
William N. II. Smith, Spauldmg, Spinner, William Stew-
art, Stokes, Stratum, Tuppan, Theaker, Tompkins, Van-
dever, Wade, Waldion, Cadwalatlei C. Washburn, Elhhu
B. Wabhburno, Isiaei Washburn, Wells, Wilson, Windom,
and Wood—88.
NAYS — Messrs. Allen, Avery, Barksdale, Bocock,
Branch, Bureh, Burnett, John B. Clark, Clopton, John
Cochrane, Crawfoid, Englifh, Florence, Gartrell, John T.
Harris, liolman, Houston, William Howard, Hughe®, Jone",
Kunlcel, Miilson, Niblack,Noell, Pendleton, Pugh,Ueagan,
liuliin, Scott, Sickles, Singleton, Stallwoith, James A.
Stewart, Stout, Taylor, Thomas, Vallandtgham, Whiteley,
Wmslow, and Wright—40.
The forty nays are all Democrats, pure, sim-
ple. Among the yeas, in addition to the Repub-
licans, are the following southern Opposition
members: Messrs. Brabson, Bristow, H. Winter
Davis, Etheridge, Gilmer, Hardeman, J. Morri-
son Harris, Hatton, James M. Leach, Maynard,
Nelson, W. N. H. Smith, and Stokes—13. And
the following anti-Lecompton Democrats: John-
G. Davis, Fouke, Hickman, William A. How-
ard, Isaac N. Morns, and Schwartz—f
ihwartz—6. /
STEM. \/
CONTRACT SYSTEM.
REMARKS OF HON. D. E. SICKLES,
OF NEW YORK,
In the House of Representatives,
June 16, 3860.
The House resumed the consideration of the Senate
amendments to the civil appropriation bill, the quo*tion
being on the twenty-fifth amendment, as follows:
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That all pmchases and
contracts for supplies or services m any ot the Departments
of the Government, except for personal services when the
public exigencies do not require the immediate delivery of
I the article or articles, or performance of the service, shall
! be made by advertising a sufficient time previously for pio-
| posals respecting the same When immediate delivery or
! peiformance is required by the public exigency, the articles
I or service required may be procured by open purchase or
I contract at the places and in the manner in which such arti-
I cles are usually bought and sold, oi such services engaged
j between individuals. No contractor purchase shall here-
} after be made unless the same be authorized by law, or be
under an appropriation adequate to its fulfillment, except
t in the War and Navy Departments for clothing, subsist-
! ence, forage, fuel, quarters, or transportation, winch, how-
i evei, shah not exceed the neeessiuet- of the currcnt year.
■ No arms or military supplies whatever, which are of a pat-
ented invention, shall be puichased, nor the right of using
or applying anv patented invention, unless the same shall
be authouzud bylaw, and the appropriation therefor expli-
citly set forth that it is tor such patented invention.
Mr. SICKLES. I move to amend, by adding
the words:
Including service and labor in the public stores in the
city of New Yoik.
I move this amendment because, last year, a
contract for labor in the public stores in the city
of New York was made by the Treasury Depart-
ment under the impression that the existing law
authorized a contract-in the form in which it was,
made. I know that that contract was entered into
with every desire upon thd part of the head of
the Treasury Department tp obtain'greater econ-
omy in the public service, an$ in order that the
service itself should be more effectually and prop-
erly performed. But doubts hate beeh raised" in
regard to the legality of the contract, asitMrasno^
let under advertisement, and because Cangress
has never yet sanctioned the policy of giving €>xit
contracts for any of the services performed in the
collection of the revenue.
Other questions have also arisen which have
been the subject of investigation. Upon that
branch of the subject it is? not my intention now
to enter, especially as the five-minutes ruleforbids
it. The whole matter has been discussed in the
two reports which have been submitted to tktf"
House, and in the very full report of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury. I think that much diffi-
culty and many causes of complaint might be
removed by the adoption of this amendment. I
understand that if the contract system is to be
adopted in the collection of the revenue,there are-
parties ready to enter into contracts with the Gov-
ernment upon terms far more advantageous than
those to be found in the present contract. If that
be so, then the objects of the Department, which
were those of economy, would be better subserved
if this contract be subjected to the salutary rule
of the amendment.
I do not wish to be understood as approving of'
the system. The experiment of obtaining the
labor required in the public stores by contract has
proved very odious to our people; the laboringpop-
ulation very generally are loud and persistent m
their demands for the abandonment of a policy
which subjects their services to the disparage-
ment of an invidious discrimination. They ask
why is it that the laborer is no longer permitted
to enjoy an honorable relation to the Government,
but is placed under the offensive control of a con-
tractor, who stands between him and a paternal
Government? Why should the Government per-
mit contractors to speculate out of the labor of
those who serve it? If this discrimination of ser-
vice ij put out to contractors, why not the night
and day watchmen employed in the custom-house;
also, the inspectors, the clerks of bonded ware-
houses, the work of assaying the precious metals
at the Mintand assay office, the mechanical labor
in the arsenals and navy-yards ?
There is no analogy between this case and the
purchase of material for public cdifices, or fur-
nishing supplies for the different departments of
the public service. When the revenue is collected
by contract; when the military service is per-
formed by contract: when the public service
ceases to be in all of its branches, from the hum-
blest to the highest, a universal source of pride to
the citizen; then, and not till then, will the labor-
ing population yield their hostility to a measure
which has singled out their services and their sta-
tion for a humiliating discrimination.
I need not repeat, sir, that these consequences
were not foreseen or intended by the Department
when this experiment was made. No one antici-
pated the deep feeling which has been aroused.
The only thing about this contract which com-
mends it to the least favor is the saving effected
to the Government. But this need not stand in
the way of its abrogation. Now that experience
has shown the reduced sum for which the work
can be done; now that it is demonstrated that
great wastefulness and extravagance had prevailed
m this branch of thescrvice, it is only necessary
to dismiss the contractors, and say to the col-
lector, or to the appraisers: "Your expenditure
for labor must not exceed the amount allowed to
the contractcrs, We know this to be ample. If
you cannot superintend this workaseconoimcaHy
as others, the failure to do so will be regarded as
evidence of your unfitness for your places.''
Thus, the two great objects will be secured: first,
we will secure the much-desired economy which
has been sought so faithfully by the Secretary of
the Treasury; and, second, we will save the Gov-
ernment from the odium of the hateful contract
system.
The amendment was not agreed to.
