1874
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 27,
Mr..CAREY. I avail myself of this oppor-
tunity of saying to the committee what I intended
to have said to the House a,.few days ago, and
that, too, upon a new subject. There is one sub-
ject which we have been so much accustomed to
hear discussed upon this floor, that I do not know
but I may be considered out of order if I do not
A talk upoa this negro question,
w Mr. HATTON. You are certainly out of or-
der if you attempt, in this committee, to discuss
anything except the negro question. Here, noth-
ing is recognized as of sufficient importance to
entitle it to consideration unless it involves a dis-
quisition on slavery. [Laughter.]
Mr. CAREY.- I am going to make a few re-
marks i>pon a matter which I conceive to be of
great importance to the agricultural interests of
this country. I have no doubt that some gentle- :
men may consider that out of order; but I will
venture to proceed, even if it is outof order; and,
in order to\3ay a foundation for my remarks, I
will offer a resolution to be read as a part of my
argument, for I know it would not be in order to
offer it now for adoption:
Resolved, That the Committee on Agriculture be, and
they are hereby, instructed to report to this House a bill for
tiie promotion of the interest of agriculture, for the organ-
ization of the agricultural division of the Department of
the Interior, now in a defective condition, and demanding
an immediate remedy.
It is well known to every man upon this floor,
who has reflected for one moment, that agriculture
lies at the foundation of civilization, and of all
other interests of the country. It is the only in-
stitution of the country that has not some atten-
tion paid to it by the Government of the United
States. Kow, I find an illustration of the char-
acter of agriculture embodied in much better lan-
guage than I can use, and I will adopt it as my
own:
"Education of the Agriculturist.—No man is so
high as to be independent of the success of this gieat in-
terest ; no man is so low as not to be affected by its prosper-
ity or decline. Agriculture feeds us ; to a great degree, it
clothes us; without it, wc could not have manufactures,
and we should not have commerce. These all stand to-
gether, like pilars in a cluster, the largest in the middle,
and that largescis agriculture.
" The cultivation of the earth is the most important labor
of man. Man may be civilized, in some degree, without
great progress in manufactures, and with little commerce
with his distant neighbors ; but without cultivation of the
earth, he is a roaming barbarian. When tillage begins,
other arts follow. The farmers, therefore, are the fouuders
of human civilization."
That is the language of Daniel Webster; and.I
think that no man will deny that that is a very fair
and true statement. What condition and situation
does agriculture maintain in the departments of
the Government? It is placed under the direction
of the Interior Department. It is only incident-
ally alluded to in the enumeration of the powers of
the Secretary of the Interior. The head of the
PatentOfBce is charged,among otherthings, with
the collection of statistics, seeds, plants, and cut-
tings. So that this great interest is in the second
class of the fourth bureau of the Department of
the Interior; and so much of the time of the head
of the Department is necessarily devoted to other
branches of business, that little or no attention can
be paid to the agricultural interest. There can bo
nothing effectual done for it unless you place the
subject under the direct control of some depart-
ment that will be responsible to the country for
its proper performance.
When the labor is divided among so many hands,
the responsibility will be frittered away, and very
little done. The resolution that has been read was
directed by the Committee on Agriculture to be
offered here, so as to get an expression of opin-
ion on the subject, and suggest to the House
whether it woulcTinstruct the committee to bring
in a. bill to establish an independent bureau of ag-
riculture. I want gentlemen to reflect on the sub-
ject; so that, when the resolution can be offered
& in order, they will be able to vote intelligently on
it. If they are disposed to encourage the institu-
tion of agriculture, they will vote for the resolu-
tion; if they are not so disposed, they will vote it
down, and the thing ends; and we will let it re-
main where it is.
When the Government was organized, in the
discussion on the subject the agricultural class
was alluded to, especially by Mr. Madison, as the
great class out of which members of Congress
would be chosen, and therefore that that interest
would be protected like all others. Now, you have
in this body, I suppose, about a dozen farmers.
The interest of no community will be attended to
with punctuality and zeal unless those in charge
of it have a- direct interest in the subject. The
lawyer has his own interests to promote; the me-
chanic his; the doctor his; and if the interests of
the farmer are to be promoted, that class must be
represented by those who know something about
its wants, its necessities, and its condition. We
have now in Congress but very few farmers; and
you find your agricultural interests in theGovern-
ment committed to a clerk in one corner of the
Patent Office, who peddles out seeds. That is
about the extent of the care given to the great ag-
ricultural interests of the country. If you cannot
do better than that, you had better abolish theoffice
altogether, and leave the agricultural class to take
care of themselves.
One great evil in the country is, that political
offices are open to men where they can get much
higher wages than they can get on a farm; and it
is a lamentable fact, that throughout the country
where I am-acquainted, and 1 believe it is gen-
erally so, agriculturists are now educating their
children, not for the culture of the soil, but for
something which they regard as more elevated.
You find them seeking places in the professional
classes of society, or you find them around your
capitals of the States and of the,United States,
seeking employment, seeking the loaves and fishes
dispensed l^y the Government. That is a matter
of great importance to the country. When a man
gets from four to five dollars a day for doing little
or nothing,^md can only get a dollar a day for
laboring on a farm, there must be injury done to
the agricultural interest. If you are to do anything
to promote the interests of agriculture, you must
get rid of a great deal of the political excitement
in this Hall and in the country; for the very mo-
ment men find they can cam a living with less ex-
ertion in one direction than in another, and that
one occupation is more lucrative than another,
that moment their efforts are bent in that direction.
Such has been the cas#in reference to the pro-
fession of law; and we now have young men in
Ohio—andY suppose there are such everywhere
in the country—who, considering the study of
law as a steppmgstone to promotion, have studied
just enough law to give them the m&mc of law-
yers. Then they become politicians, go through
the country making political speeches, and fill the
country with a feverish state of excitement^ In
the next step of their progress they come into this
Hall, and, pursuing the same course of speech-
making and creating excitement upon political
topics, we who desire to get the floor for the con-
sideration of matters of great public interest out-
side of politics, can rarely do so without a strug-
gle almost as groat as would be necessary to make
a fortune, ordinarily. [Laughter.] I do not wish
to make any indecorous remarks in reference to
this honorable body; but I have absolutely seen
exhibited upon various occasions, in this Hall,
such a struggle for the floor, and such an effort
to sec who could talk loudest and longest, as, if
exhibited in a neighborhood of Tarmers, would
be considered not very respectable, to suy the very
least of it.
Mr. Chairman, the interests of the coun>ry at
this time demand, from the hands ot every man
who has any regard for his country or his coun-
try's welfare, a cessation of this extraordinary
excitement upon the subject of politics. When
you hear gentlemen upon this floor seriously
talking about a dissolution <?f the Union; when
you see a convention of men of one single party
of this Government dividing in reference to that
question, so important to the institutions of our
country, I thjJfcit is time that every one of us
should beginflo pause and reflect in reference to
the consequences. It is not extraordinary patriot-
ism that actuates men in making all this disturb-
ance; and if it is, I am going to suggest a plan to
get rid of at least one halfof this excess of patriot-
ism, and to make the other half worth four times
as much as it is now. [Laughter.] You will do
much towards accomplishing that if you will re-
duce the compensation of men in and around this
Capitol, and in the various Departments of Gov-
ernment, to somewhat of an equality with the
compensation of men who pursue other vocations
of life. Let not a man here who opens and shuts
your doors receive three dollars a day, while a
man who mauls rails gets but fifty cents or a dol-
lar. If you employ here ten men to do the labor
of one at home, and. it bccomes understood in the
country that men can make more money here
than at home, you will find men rushing here
from every quarter of the Union seeking for office.
And that is the very class of men that is disturb-
ing the whole community. They come from the
lowest to the highest ranks—from the constable
up to the presidential aspirant.
I askyou to compare the moral, social, and po-
liticalxondition of this country, with what it was
thirty years ago. I am acquainted with the.work-
ings of this Government, and have been for a
great many years. Over sixty years ago I went
into the western country, when that portion of it
which now occupies five States northwest of the
Ohio river contained but twenty-five or thirty
thousand inhabitants. I have seen that mighty
country grow up; and I have seen the physical,
moral—I will not say the political—condition of
that country improve, and become what it is now
admitted to be—not excelled in these respects by
any portion of this country.
Now, there is not a gentleman upon this floor
but will agree with me that here is the source of
all these abuses, and that it is just as plain as it is
to multiply two by two. Pay men in proportion
to their services,and make the pursuit of agricul-
ture just as profitable as it is to open and shut
these doors, and you will lessen this strugglefor
office. Pay your members of Congress just about
half what you pay now, and you will have just
as able members of Congress, and you will have
agrcatdeal less disturbance. Justin proportion
as you increase the salaries of men, just in that
proportion do you increase their extravagant
modes of living. Office is then hunted for, and
an excitement is gotten up by this scramble for
office, which demoralizes the country and every-
thing connected with it.
±sow, I appeal to gentlemen upon this floor, if
the people of the country could come here and
witness what I have witnessed upon this floor,
would they not be astonished at the spectacle?
They would see one part of the House arrayed
against the other, and at times, apparently, in
the very attitude of war. And what is all this
about? Why, it is all about the negro. That is
however, but a scape-goat. The negro has a great
deal to do with this matter, but there are other con-
trolling influences. And until these are driven out
of the arena of conflict, and the people apply the
remedy, you need not look for any great change.
But we have great difficulty now in understand-
ing what the Constitution means. We have side
issues, and wc have front and rear issues, and we
cannot understand language at all as wo did a few
years ago.
All these things have resulted in the greatest
excitement, and in what I must pronounce a
most ridiculous state of things. I ask if these
influences are not spreading all over the country ?
I ask you whether our action here corresponds
with the expectations of our constituents? We
are doing a great many things here which we
would not like to let our constituents know,
[laughter;] and until gentlemen can meet on this
floor, and meet as men meet elsewhere, and at-
tend to their business faithfully and honestly, you
will have just what you have seen here. The
people will bo deceived, and parties will war to
the knife, and yet divide the spoils. When you
offer to the man who performs what you, con-
sider your menial services about the Capitol the
same fair compensation that the farm laborer re-
ceives—and the same disparity of compensation
extends throughout all the States—you will effect a
great improvement in all our public affairs. This
disparity of compensation tends to elevate one -
class above another, and increases the, extrava-
gance of living of the better-compensated class;
and that expense greatly exceeds what a man can,
by honest industry, and by private efforts in the
ordinary ways of life, earn.
Slavery is degrading to a white man who works;
| and for that reason I object to slavery going into
i a free Territory. It degrades the white laborer.
| I do not ask that you will raise farming above
j whatitnowis. Let it stand upon its own merits,
! and let those who are here receive but the wages
i they get at home. That is all I ask. Unless there
is something done to arrest the political excite-
ments of the day, just so sure as we are alive we
will become a distracted and severed people.
