2818
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
whether any great changc can be made, unless in
the dome, assuggested by theSenator from Maine;
buthaving voted against this appropriation always
heretofore, I am now satisfied that it is true econ-
omy to complete the building. I shall therefore
vote for the amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance.
Mi. SIMMONS. I should like to ask the Sen-
ator from Georgia a question. Itappears, by the
finance report, that §190,000 was on hand last
September. It is eight months since then.
Mr. TOOMBS. Very little has been done since
that time, as I am informed by the papers before
me.
Mr. SIMMONS. I expect that has all been
expended, and this §15,000 paid for materials de-
livered over and above that.
Mr. TOOMBS. I think not, from the report!
of Mr. Bowman.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The modifi-
cation made at the suggestion of the Senator from
Maine havingbeenrcduced to writing, the amend-
ment of the Senator from New Hampshire, as
amended, will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
And the Secretary of the Treasury is directed t-5 report
to Congress, in his next annual report on the finances, the
amount ot Uuthor appropriations that may be required to
finish, respectively, this custom-houss and the oue at New
Orleans, and the tune necessary to complete the same; and
whether any changes can be made consistently with the
purposes for which the build.ngs are intended ivhieh Will
reduce the co&t of completion.
Theamendment to the amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the amendment of the Committee on
Finance, as amended.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 33, nays 11; as follows:
¥EAS—Mcsftis. Anthony. Bayard, Biglcr, Bragg, Bright,
Cameron, Chesnut, Clark, Cimginan, Crittenden, Dixon,
Vessenden, Fitch, Fitzpatnok, Foot, Foster, Green, Ham-
lin. Hammond, Johnson of Arkansas, Lane, Mallory, Ma-
son, lVarce. Po'veil, Pu-jn, Simmons, ShdeiJ, Ten Eyck,
Thon^on, Toombs, Wade, and Wilson—33.
NAYS—.Uesbi-s. Bingham, Cnamiler, Doolitde, Grimes,
Hale, Johnson ot Tenne.-sco, King, Polk, tfaulsLmry, Sum-
ner, and Trumbull—II.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Finance Commit-
tee was to strike out, in lines forty-six and forty-
seven, as follows:
•£ F.or preserving the unfinished work upon the Charles-
ton custom-house, $5,003."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert, after line
fifty-four:
To nny for maible already delivered at the New Orleans
custom-house, to be used in continuing the work on that
budding, $25,U00; and tor continuing the construction of
that building, .^80,003—•■making §300,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Now the previous clause,
lines fifty-three and lifty-ibur, should be struck
out.
Mr. TOOMBS. Certainly. I thought they
were struck out.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to strike outlines
fifty-three and fifty-four, in these words:
u For p/esei vmg the unfinished work upon the New Oi-
leans custoiu-hou^v, $5,01)0."
The amendment was agreed to.
Tiie next amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance was m line &ixty-one, pose 3, to insert
after the word "occupancy," the words "of
the;55 <50 that the clause will read:
To enable the Secretary of the Tiea&ury to fit up. ready
for th: occupancy of the poitmaster and his lorcc. the ne-
ecss'u y looms m the ousiom-hoiw building at Nvw Oilcans j
—that one half of thf fir-t fiooi of the old lovee front, j
(designed tor the po-t office dcpaitment,) according to the
original design, §-JJ,000.
Mr. TOOMBS. That is a mere verbal amend-
ment.
The amendment was agreed to.
_ The next amendment of the committee was in j
lines sixty-six and sixty-seven, to strike out the j
following:
" For ;ire.--crvmg the unfinished work upon the Treasury
extension, £?o.000."
Mr. FESSENDEN. We had better take the
question on the next amendment first, because, if
that does not prevail, this clause ought to be left
in the bill.
Mr. TOOMBS, That k rijrht.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be passed over for the present.
The next amendment of the Finance Commit-
tee wag to insert after lines sixty-six and sixty-
seven:
For the extension of the Treasury building, $335,283 71;
and to pay for materials already delivered, and to be used
in the construction ot said extension, $164,730 29—making
§500,000.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that.
Tiie yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 37, nays 8; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Bigler, Bragg, Bright,
Chesnut, Clark, Clmgman, Ciittenden, Davis, Dixon, Fcs-
senden, Fuch, Foor, Foster, Green, Hamlin, Ilammond,
Hemphill. Lane. Mailory, Mason, Nicholson, Pearce, Pow
ell, Pugh,'SauNbury, Sebastian, Simmons, Siidell, Sum-
ue«, Ten Eyck, Thomson, Toombs, Wade, Wigfall, and
Wilson—37.
JiAY3—Messrs. Bingham,Doo]ittle,Giiraes, Hale,John-
son ot Tennessee, King, Poik, and Tiumbull—8.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TOOMBS. Now let us go to the preced-
ing amendment. Lines sixty-six and sixty-seven
are unnecessary, as this amendment has been
adopted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment which has been passed over,
to strike out lines sixty-six and sixty-seven. The
amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after line
seventy-four:
To pay for labor on, and materials furnished for, the
Capito! extension, $153,601 74 ; and to enable the super-
intendent to take care of the maible which has been de-
livered, and of the shops occupied, and to lay the maible
flooung ot the porticoes, and to pay foi the bronze doors,
$48,9-70 ; and lor contingencies of the Capitol extension,
$•2,300—making $$04,1:21 74.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert, after the
one just adopted:
For the completion ofthe Washington aqueduct, accord-
ing to tiie plan an.*! estimates of Captain Meigs, $500,000:
Provided, Thattheofficjoi engineer ofthe Potomac watcr-
woi ks is hereby abolished, and its duties j-ball be heieafter
discharged by the chief engineer oi the Washington aque-
duct, w iio shall be. as heietofore, an officer of the coips of
engineers, not below the taukof captain, and having expo-
uence m the design and conduction ot bridges and aque-
ducts.
Mr. HALE. Before the Senate agree to that
amendment, I wish to have some statement made
in relation to the matter, and! should like a little
information m this particular. I have seen in the
papers that there is a claim made for an immense
sum to be paid to somebody, who claims to have
rights in this water which is to be taken to sup-
ply the pipes after they are lr.id down, so that
alter this immense expense is incurred by tiie
Government, we shall bo at the mercy of some-
body that claims to own the water. Now, I
would hire, if there is any information in relation
to the subject, to know what it is, because, much
as 1 want the water here, and as anxious as I am
for this improvement, I would sec the Potomac
running in another direction before 1 would vote
to expend money to put us at the mercy of a set
of speculators, who have bought up, or pretended
to buy up, the banks of the riparian proprietors,
by which they are to levy black mail on the Gov-
ernment for water.
Mr. TOOMBS. I can state to the honorable
Senator that there is a provision made by the
statutes of the United States, and by Maryland, for
determining the rights of land-owners, and upa-
rian rights also. There is a claim by person*
who assert that they arc the owners of the water
at the Great Falls ofthe Potomac; and that ques-
tion, I believe, has been twice decided under the
law, and appealed, according to tiie law, to the
judges in Maryland, and they sot aside the ver-
dict. I think a verdict was givui by a jury in
one county of Maryland—Montgomery county—
for i,35.),OiJO; but that has been decided to be all
wrong by the courts in Maryland. The question
is unsetiied. My own judgment is, that they are
not en titled to damages. Whatever damages there
may be, however, there is a mode provided for
ascertaining them; and the courts, so far, have
sustained the United States, whose interests, i
think, have been protected with signal ability
and success by Captain Meigs, the superintend-
ent; but these ^500,000 are for the entire comple-
tion of the work. I believe that, hitherto, the
work has kept within the estimates, except on
one occasion, when it cost Congress several hun-
dred thousand dollars in consequence of the want
of an appropriation. Congress, one year, instead
of appropriating money to continue the work,
provided that the amount appropriated should be
applied to preserving what had been done, and
paying damages to the contractors. That re-
sulted in a loss of some hundreds of thousands of
dollars. This £500,000 is for the final completion
of the work, according to the plan. As to the
alleged riparian right, I attach but little import-
ance to it; but we have a general law by which
any claim of that kind can bo settled. They have
gone to the courts, and the decisions have been
favorable to the United States.
Mr. HALE. So far as X am concerned, the
explanation is satisfactory to me; but, if it is not
taking up too much time, I should like to have
the latter clause of the amendment read again.
It proposes some amendments to the existing law
that 1 do not exactly understand.
The Secretary read the amendment.
Mr. TOOMBS. The explanation which I make
is, that the latter clause is a retrenchment of §4,000
a year on the work. In 1859 an act of Congress,
which is repealed by this amendment reported
by the Finance Committee, turned over a part
ofthe work to the Interior Department. This
brought nothing but difficulties, and has led to
putting a subaltern officer in charge of part of the
work with a salary of §4,000. We propose to
suspend that until the work is completed, and
keep it in charge of the engineer competent to do
the duties. It simply means to get rid of an ex-
pense of $4,000 u year under existing laws. By
a subsequent amendment of the Committee on
Finance, the appropriation for that is struck out,
and we propose to avoid the expenditure by re-
pealing the law.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance was in lines one hundred and ninety-two
and one hundred and ninety-three, page 9, to
strike out the words "twenty-five hundred" and
insert ''live thousand;" so that the clause will
read :
For annual repairs of the Capitol, water-closet-?, public
stables, water-pipes, pavements, and other walks within
the Capitol square, bioken gla.«?, and locks, $0,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line one hundred
and ninety-six to strike out44 three " and insert
" six;" so that the clause will read:
For annual repairs of the President's House and furni-
ture, impiovemcnt ofgumnds, pineha.se of plants forgra-
den, and contingent expenses incident thereto, §C,000,
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after tho word ave-
nue," in line two hundred and two, page 9, to in-
sert " Bridge and High streets, in Georgetown,
Four-and-a-half, Seventh, and Twelfth streets,
across the Mali," and in line two hundred and
four, to strike out " thirty thousand," and insert
"forty-seven thousand; so that the clause will
read:
For lighting the Capitol and President's House, the pub-
lic giounda mound them, and around the executive of-
fice*. and Pennsylvania avenue, Budge, and High stieefs,
in Georgetown, Four-and-a-half, Seventh, and Twelfth
btreets, acioss the Mali, $47,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am opposed to that
amendment. I was not aware that it had passed
the Finance Committee; I had supposed that we
agreed with the House on the subject; but I pre-
' sume I was in error on that, owing to some in-
i attention on my part. I was under tho lmpres-
! sion that we had agreed to a small increase of tho
! sum—$30,000 not being supposed to be enough
| for the objects for which the House had made
< this appropriation: but { was not aware that the
j committee had agreed to the amendment as now
; proposed. I am opposed to it, and have been
i from the beginning. I see no reason, and never
j have seen any, why we should undertake to light
stiects in Georgetown, or Four-and-a-half, Sev-
enth, and Twelfth streets, across the Mali, but
especially tho Georgetown streets. I have no ob-
jection to lighting Pcnnsylvaniaavenue, and keep-
ing it in repair, as we always have done. That
would seem to be right enough; but the House
struck out the appropriations for lighting the
streets in Georgetown, and tho streets across the
Mall, and I think rightly. I hope the amendment
will not be adopted.'
