1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
W5
posed of at once. Therefore, I cannot withdraw
my call.
The SPEAKER. The question is on second-
ing the demand for the previous question.
Mr. REAGAN. If the gentleman from Illi-
nois will not withdraw his demand, I must pro-
test, in the nameiof the State I have the honor in
part to represent, against being- forced to vote
upon a resolution affecting her interests, while
her Representatives are denied the right to be
heard upon it.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. The gentleman is
not in order.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. REAGAN. If lam not permitted to speak
to this question, I trust the House will vote down
.he previous question.
Mr. PETTIT. I move to lay the resolution
upon the table.
Mr. GARTRELL. I hope the gentleman from
Illinois will withdraw the demand for the previous
question.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Well, sir, if the gen-
tleman from Texas will renew the demand, I will
withdraw it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I must object, unless my
motion is entertained. If my motion is pending—
and it was made before the demand for the pre-
vious question was seconded—then, as a matter
of course, I have no objection to deflate.
The SPEAKER, "fhe Chair desires to state
to the gentleman from Ohio that liis motion was
not received, because the gentleman from Illinois
stated that he had not yielded the floor.
Mr. SHERMAN. The bill was read a first
and second time, and agentleman cannot hold the
floor while that is being done. I protest against
this ruling of the Chair,
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. It is not a bill. It
is only ajoint resolution. The gentleman is mis-
taken in that, as he is in other things.
Mr. SHERMAN. The gentleman from Illi-
nois could not hold the floor while the resolution
was being read.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. It was read a first
and second time; and I call the gentleman from
Ohio to order.
Mr. REAGAN. "What I wished to say in
reference to this matter is, that I have no objec-
tion to the passage of the jointrcsolution reported
by the Committee on Roads and Canals, if the
consent of the House can be had to an amend-
ment I will indicate, and which will not affect the
virtue of the bill at all. In my judgment, an
amendment is necessary in view of the existing
state of facts in connection with the commerce of
the State which I in part represent. As I under-
stand the resolution, it proposes to give the assent
of Congress to the resolutions of the States of
Louisiana, Arkansas, and Texas, imposing, in
certain contingencies, certain tonnage duties upon
the commerce passing the rafts of the Red river.
I have no objection to that, for I think that is bet-
ter in principle than the appropriation of money
out of the national Treasury for the improvement
of the navigation and commerce of particular
localities. But the resolution assumes the fact
that the State of Texas has passed an act upon
the subject. If that be the case, I am ignorantof
it. I know that the subject was lately before the
Legislature of Texas, and was being considered
by them, but I am not advised that any action
has yet been taken by the State. What I want,
then, is to so amend the resolution as to protect
the commerce of the State of Texas, under the
operation of the resolution, until that State shall
take some definite action upon the subject. I
therefore move that the resolution be so amended
that it shall not apply to the commerce of any one
of the States named until such State give its as-
sent to the conditions of the resolution.
In accordance with my understanding with the
gentleman from Illinois, I now call the previous
question upon the resolution and amendment.
Mr. SPAULDING. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not, pending the de-
mand for the previous question made by the gen-
tleman from Texas.
Mr. SPAULDING. I desire to speak upon
this subject. I think the resolution unconstitu-
tional, and I desire to give my views upon it, be-
fore the resolution is passed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to lay the
■whole subject upon the table.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I move to recommit the
bill to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. REAGAN. I will consent to that.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not consider
the motion of the gentleman from Mississippi in
order. The question is upon the motion to lay
the. resolution upon the table.
Mr. RUST. Upon that I demand the yeas and
nays.
Mr. BRANC|3. I understood the gentleman
from Mississippi to move to recommit this bill".
Mr. RUST. The gentleman could not move
its recommittal.
Mr. BRANCH. I was recognized by the Chair,
and I claim the floor. [Great confusion in the
Hall.]
The SPEAKER. Gentlemen will preserve or-
der. No business can be transacted until gentle-
men come to order and resume their seats. The
gentleman from North Carolina is upon the floor
upon a question of order.
Order being restored,
Mr. BRANCH. The gentleman from Missis-
sippi [Mr. Barksdale] has moved to recommit
the joint resolution to the Committee on Roads
and Canals. Now, 1 call for the reading of the
120th rule of the House—or I will read it myself.
It is as follows:
"After commitment or report thereof to the House, or at
any time before its passage, a bill may be recommitted—
rfpril 7, 1789."
"At any time before its passage." I therefore
claim that the motion of the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi is in order, and must be put to the House,
The SPEAKER. There were two motions
pendingatthc time; one for the previous question,
and the other to lay the joint resolution on the
table.
Mr. BARKSDALE. My motion is one of the
highest privilege, and must be put first, under the
rules of the House.
Mr. REAGAN. In compliance with my pledge
to the gentleman from Illinois, I have moved the
previous question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides the mo-
tion to be in order. The question is now on the
motion to lay the joint resolution on the table 
Mr. RUST. Does the gentleman persist in
that motion ?
The SPEAKER. And on that motion the
and navs have been demanded.
Mr. BARKSDALE. If the Chair decides that
the motion to lay on the table is in order, I pro-
pose to appeal from that decision.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am willing that the
joint resolution shall be recommitted to the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals, and for that purpose
will withdraw my motion to lay on the table. I
think that the attempt to pass the resolution was
improperly made here, under the pretense that it
should be read for information only; but now the
previous question is sprung upon the House.
Mr. RUST. The gentleman makes a mistake
when he says that there has been any attempt
resorted to, to deceiye or mislead the House. It
is utterly untrue.
Mr. REAGAN. Then I hope the joint reso-
lution will be recommitted.
The SPEAKER. Docs the Chair understand
that the motion to lay on the table is withdrawn ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Yes; for the purpose
of having the joint resolution recommitted.
The SPEAKER. Then the question is on sec-
onding the previous question.
Mr. REAGAN. I withdraw the demand for
the previous question.
jVlr. FARNSWORTH. I have withdrawn the
motion to lay on the table in order that the joint
resolution may be recommitted—not passed.
The question was taken on the motion to re-
commit to the Committee on Roads and Canals;
and it was agreed to.
REGULAR ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now call for the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is to proceed to the election of Printer. No
other business is in order.
ARRANGEMENT 01' TIIE HALL.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to a
privileged question. My privileged question is
founded on the resolution which I ask to have
read by the Clerk.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That a select committee, consisting of three
members, be appointed by the Speaker, to inquire into the
expediency of removing liie benches or seats from this Hall,
and replacing the chairs and desks; and also, the length rtf
time it will require to make such change; and that said
committee have leave to report at any time, and that, in
the mean time, the Doorkeeper be directed to enforce the
order of the House at the last Congress, in resard to said
chairs.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Under that
resolution the committee has directed me to make
a report. Before making that report I will state
thatl understand it to be the purpose of the chair-
man of the committee [Mr. Miles] to present a
minority report. I propose that both reports shall
be read, and then I will move the previous ques-
tion and let the House act as it may deem propel*.
Several Members. That is right.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I pro-
pose to call forthe previous question. The House
can vote it down if it sees fit, and go into the dis-
cussion of the matter.
Mr. HOUSTON. I submit to the gentleman
from Illinois, whether it would not be better to
have the reports printed and made a special order
for a certain day, so that members may have an
opportunity of examining the reports.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not re-
gard that as necessary. The report is very short,
and there will be no difficulty in.understanding it.
Mr. HOUSTON. I think it would be better
to adopt my suggestion.
Mr. MILES. I would like to understand what
the gentleman's suggestion is.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is that the reports shall
be now read and ordered to be printed, and that
the consideration of the subjerStmay be postponed
to some particular day, when members can have
read the reports.
Mr. MILES. As a minority of the special
committee, I am perfectly willing to have that
course taken.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire that
the House shall act on the matter to-day, after
hearing both reports read.
Mr. MILES. I am entirely willing that the
House shall act on the report whenever the House
chooses to do so; but I think it fair that, by a
common understanding, some special time may
be fixed for taking a vote on the subject. I hope
that the majority and minority reports of the com-
mittee may be now read for information; that they
may be ordered to be printed, and that a certain
day be fixed on which a vote may be taken on
the whole matter.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I desire to say ons
word in regard to this matter. I believe that every
gentleman in the House is prepared to vote now
on these reports. Wc have no Printer yet; and
we may not elect one for a week. If this adjourn-
ment takes place for the purpose of rearranging
the Hall, it ought to be decided to-day. Let both
reports be read. They are both clear on the sub-
ject; and then let us come up manfully and decide
the subject. [Cries of " Read the reports."!
Mr. MILES. As I said the other day, i de-
sire nothing but a fair expression of the will of
the House; and if the House desire now to have
a vote on the propositions of the majority and
minority of the committee, I am perfectly willing.
Several Members. Let us have the reports
now.
Mr. MILES. I desire to submit the minority
report.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I presume there
are gentlemen who want to speak on the subject,
and I therefore move to postpone the considera-
tion of the reports till Friday next.
The SPEAKER. The reports will be first
read; and then the motion of the gentleman from
Virginia will be m order.
The majority and minority reports were read,
as follows:
The select committee "to inquire into the expediency
of removing the benches or seats from this Hall, and re-
placing the chairs and desks, and also the length of time
and cost it will require to make such change," submit the
following report:
That they have duly considered the matter, and come to
the conclusion that the present seats should be removed at
the earliest practical moment, and the chairs and seats re-
placed, conforming, as nearly as practicable, to the original
arrangement of them in tlie Hall, and having regard to
bringing them together into the smallest convenient space.
The committee do not propose to enter Into any extended
argument to show the propriety of the proposed change.
! Without going ints an examination of the many reasons
