434
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 16,
36th Coif a.... 1st Sess.
Despotism of Slavery—Mr. Van Wyclc.
Ho. of Reps.
collected the same year, ^374; four men were em-
ployed by the Government in collecting this sum,
at a cost to the Government of $983. At Ocracoke,
North Carolina, there was collected the same year
#825 seven men were employed m Us collecnon,
and it cost the Government £>2,301. At Buifalo,
New York, there was collected the same year
$10,140 53; len men were employed in its collec-
tion, and it cost the Government the sum of
$16,896 51. At Monterey, California, there was
collected the same year $42,and it required three
men to collect it, at an expense to the Government
of $7,050. Ac PoruOxford, Oregon, there was
collected the sum of $5 85; two men were em-
ployed in its collection, at an expense of $2,702.
I might multiply instances of this kind, but these
will suffice to show the loose manner in which
this Administration manages the affairs of the
people.
In the report of the Secretary of the Treasury
I also find a statement showing the amount of
salaries paid to, and fees received from, the con-
sular officers of the United States, for the year
ending December 30, 1658. At Siinoda the con-
sul collected $1 56 in fees, and the salary paid
him by our Government was $5,000. At Tangier
no fees were collected by the consul, but the sum
of $3,000 was paid lum by our Government. At
Tunis the consul collected one dollar, and was
paid by our Government$^3,000. AtCandia $1,000
was paid our consul, and no fees collected. At
Gaboon, the same. At Stettin $1,000 was paid,
and only two dollars collected. The total amount
paid to one hundred and thirty-three consular offi-
cers was §255,540 85. Total amount of fees re-
turned by them, $98,383 41. Amount paid over
ana above fees, $157,157 44.
Look, sir, at the immense patronage of the Post
Office Department, and the army of postmasters,
route agents, messengers, &c., employed m this
branch of the public service. I annex a state-
ment showing the vast patronage connected with
this Department of the Government:
£7,977 postmasters, costing $2,353,000
4-10 route apaentif, costing  334,000
23 expats route costing  &b>,0t)0
03 local agents, co^tmg  S29,989
1,404 mail messenger;?, costing  184,634
31 special agenta, costing  7.J,000
Clerkf, costing  9] 3,000
Salaries m 1'Os.t Otiiee Depaitmem proper  170,000
If time would permit, I could go through with
numerous other expenditures of the Government,
and show that there was great room for reduction.
That these other expenditures might be greatly
reduced, I have not the slightest doubt. The
three great items upon which the principal reduc-
tions can be made are the Army, the Navy, and
the Post Office Department. The hitter should
be made self-sustaining. In reference to the mil-
itary and naval defenses of a country, I think the
true policy is not to keep up large armies and na-
vies in time of peace, because the public resources
are wasted before the war corner; but to have as
small armies and navies as possible, and thus
preserve unimpaired the resources of the country
when the war arrives.
I am aware sir, of the difficulties which sur-
round this subject, and that, with some people,
the right place to commence a reform can never
be found, if we talk about a reform in our Army
and Navy, we are told we desne to cripple the
Administration. If we were to cut off some of our
useless foreign missions, we should excite the
pi'cjudiccs of those who have relatives attached
to our foreign embassies. If we seek to make the
Post Office Department self-sustaining, we are told
that we are interfering with the extension of com-
merce, the security of the country, and the devel-
opment of its resources. The people must take
hold of this matter, and demand, at the hands of
their public servants, retrenchment and reform.
But, sir. I have no hopes of a real economy
under a Demociatic Administration. That party
has been in power for nearly eight years, during
which time the expenses ofGovernmenthave fear-
fully increased,and the fruits of its policy are now
felt m a prostrate industry, a paralyzed commerce,
a bankrupt Treasui y, and a large and steadily-
increasing national debt. By unduly enlarging the
patronage of the General Government, the party in
power has corrupted public morals, debased public
sentiment, sapped the foundations of Virtue, de-
stroyed the independence of the citizen, and dis-
turbed the harmony existing between the two
sections of the Union. Corruption has gamed
undisputed control in every department of Gov-
ernment, and stamped its stain indelibly upon our
nation; and shameless profligacy has given us
complete bankruptcy at home, and national dis-
honor abroad.
It is known to the country that when Mr. Buch-
anan enteredupon the discharge of the high office
of President of the United States there was in
the Treasury, §26,000,000, and that in ten months
it had all disappeared, and £20,000,000 had to be
borrowed. Eight months afterwards another
$10,000,000 was borrowed, and five months later
another $10,000,000 was had in the same way;
making£,66,000,000inall. i submit thatthe honor
and reputation of the country demand a change
of rulers—not a mere change from one Democratic
Administration to another, but a thorough and
radical change. It has been well said that the
experience of all Governments, in all ages of the
world, has conclusively shown that political power
cannot long be safely intrusted to the same hands.
The long possession of power has corrupted, per-
verted, and destroyed the Democratic party. Its
leaders, its prominent men, have repeatedly, within
the last few years, been arraigned and convicted
at the bar of public opinion of acts of political
profligacy and corruption; which demonstrates
their unfitness for the trust reposed upon them.
Mr. Chairman, the party with which 1 am
proud to act has selected, as us candidate for
the Presidency, a man who is " honest, capable,
and faithful to the Constitution." Wc have placed
our banner in the hands of Abraham Lincoln—a
man brought up among the prairies of the West—
a man who, at any time when necessary, can
throw off his coat and go to woik—a mail who
will administer the affairs of Government for the
benefit of the people, and not of a political party.
The people of the United States have learned,
by bitter experience, that this eternal cry of De-
mocracy, Democracy, and the false professions of
devotion to the interests of the country, arc like
the songs of the syicn, which enchanted but to
destroy. And, sir, they have aroused likeagiant
fiom his slumber, to burst asunder th«> shackles
of party, and redeem the free institutions of their
country from the hands of the "spoilsmen." They
can no longer be deceived by a false issue.
The evils which misrule has brought upon the
country are now so severely felt that demagogism
can no longer conceal from the people the true
cause of those evils. They will remember that
the party in power won their confidence by loudly
promising letrenchment and reform, and a faith-
ful administration of the Government for the hap-
piness and welfare of the people. They see that
these promises have been shamefully bioken; that
the expenditures of the Government have been in-
creased beyond all former precedent; and that vast
sums of the public treasure have been wasted in the
most wanton and profligate manner; and, instead
of a correction of abuses m the administration of
the Government, they see corruption walking
abroad in the land, with bribes in her hand, de-
basing the public morals, and lowering the stand-
ard of public vhtuc.
Sh, 1 have hopes of the future. I believe the
people arc preparing to pronounce, m tones of
thunder, their disapprobation of an Administra-
tion whose policy is at war with their interest,
and of a political party whose principles and
practices are dangerous to constitutional liberty.
When that result is brought about I hope to see
the Government once more faithfully and hon-
estly administered for the happiness and welfare
of the people. 1 hope to see the heavy cloud of
adversity which now darkens our hon/on lolled
away, and the sun of prospei ity again iJiuk forth,
that the people, under the genial influence of its
beams, may advance to prosperity and happiness,
and our country resume her onward march to in-
creased power and greatness.
Sir, I regret being compelled to expose to the
gaze of my fellow-citizens the corruptions of their
Government. I regret that this corruption ex-
ists. But, sir, I would come short of the duty I
owe to a generous and confiding constituency,
whom 1 represent upon this door, if I did not
rise here in my place and show up the wasteful
expenditure ul the public money, and denounce
the extravagance and corruption of those in power.
And, sir, while I am permitted to occupy a seat
in this Chamber, i intend, on all suitable occa-
sions, to raise my voice against the coiruptions
of Government, whether that Government be in
the hands of my own party or in those of the
party opposed to me.
DESPOTISM OF SLAVERY.
SPFJj^H OF HON. C. H. VAN WYCK,
OF NEW YORK,
In* the House op Rgpiieskntativks,
June 16, i860.
Tlie Hou&e being in thf* Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. VAN WYCK said;
Mr. Chairman : Some statements in my former
remarks having, by party leaders.been character-
ized as untrue, it has produced the necessity, and
is my apology, for trespassing upon the attention
of the House. One member of this body, no
doubt fully conscious of the dignity of his posi-
tion, and probably true to the instincts of his na-
ture, pronounced me, as he claims in his pub-
lished remarks, "a liar and scoundrel," for
asserting facts susceptible of proof by a multi-
tude of witnesses; so that it is due to the position
I then assumed, and to myself, that the records
of this House at least should sustain the one and
vindicate the other. It was not proper that I
should make the present suggestions while the
member was absent from this city. He was ab-
sent a long time in Mississippi, and, since his
return, this is the first opportunity "that 1 could
be hoaid.
1 said nothing personally offensive to any mem-
ber upon this floor. Gentlemen of the other side
well know thatbotween them and myself the kind-
est feelings existed. Neither will any man, here
or elsewhere, who has ageneroushcart and brave
instincts, and is willing fairly to accord the right
to discuss a great feature in the social and polit-
ical policy of one portion of the Union which was
once sectional but sought now to be nationalized,
feel himself aggrieved by what I have said, or
may now say.
Although you may not be responsible for the
existence of slavery; although an immediate eman-
cipation of your slaves maybe impossible; still
some of you feel it to be an evil and misfortune.
Although many of your people do not practice or
justify cruelty to slaves, or proscription to whites,
yet the seemingly necessary incidents of the in-
stitution are subjects of discussion when you are
seeking to change the policy of the Government
as to its extension. They, however, who insist
upon extending my reniaiks to those for whom
they are not intended, either by their spint or
fair inference, arc at hbei ty to appropriate to them-
selves such parts as their judgment or feelings
may dictate.
The abuse they had passed upon the principles
1 professed; the unjust arraignment of pai ty lead-
ers with whom I associated; worse than all. at-
tacking the character of our revolutionary fathers;
aspersing theii motives and impugning their cour-
age; not only endeavojing to dim the luster of
their battle fields, but wrapping the slimy folds
of their scandal around holy memories, whose
sacredness should have disarmed the malignity of
reproach—was for days, weeks, and months lis-
tened to in silence, because our fust duty to the
country was the organization of the House. At
a proper time I sought to repel these unjust
charges. Acting entirilv on the defensive, I
wanad southern gentlemen to take notice thatthe
harp of a thousand strings they had been ringing
so long had b"tter be laid aside; and instead of
vilifying and abusing the North, a far more prof-
itable occupation for the energy of their minds
might be furnished in refoimmg abuses at home.
I was not then, nor am I now, an accuser of the
South. 1 only desired to call your attention toa
few f.u.ts, of which some of you evidently knew
nothing,from the veiy Christian inuniitr in which
you recei\ed the intelligence.
When you rebuked Massachusetts for alleged
witch-burning, some two hundred years ago, I
