856
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
given in the report made by the special committee of the
last Congress on this subject, they suggest that most of the
important ubjocts sought to be attained by the change have
t&UecLto be realized •, aud that the expanment has proved
a fUiluru, and the sooner the old arrangement restored,
the.better it wilt be for the convenience of the individual
members, and the more it Will facilitate the tiansaction of
the business of the House.
The almost daily sessions of the House for the last twelve
weeks have afforded gentlemen a fair opportunity ot test-
ing thepresent arrangement, and each member has undoubt-
edly well weighed and considered the reasons for or against
a change, and is prepared-to vote on the question. Your
committee believe that when the last House ordered a
change to be made, it was deemed only as an experiment,
and if not considered successful, the old plan could be re-
adopted without any considerable expense being incurred,
or without its* mvoivmg any great delay. It is believed that
it never was contemplated by the resolution to make buch
an alteration as has been made, and put in seats of such a
permanent character. ,
• With a view of ascertaining the length of time required
to make anv change that might be deemed desirable, and
tbc cost thereof, the chairman of the committee requested
a report from Captain Franklin, the superintendent of the
Capitol extension, which that officer promptly prepared,
and which is herewith submitted and adopted as a part of
this report. It will be seen that he proposes two methods
,of effecting the alteration. The committee propose to adopt
the method tfiat will co>>t the least and can be accomplished
in the shorte&t time. They recommend the passagoof two
resolutions; one providing for a speedy replacement of the
old seats and desks, and the other for an adjournment over
(the Senate consenting) from Friday next until Monday
the 5th day of March, to give the requisite time for the work
to be accomplished. ' The committee would state that, in
,a conversation with Captain Franklin subsequent to the
.making ot his report, he informed them that he believed, if
the House should adjourn over, as above suggested, the
alteration could be made extending over the entire floor;
so that the Hall could be substantially seated and arranged
as it wa3 before the change was made. The committee
also submitted to him whetherthe proposed alteration could
not be made during such times as the House might not be
in session from day to day, but he thought that would be
impracticable.
The committee recommend the passage of the following
resolutions:
Resolved, That the superintendent of the Capitol exten-
sion be directed to remove the present benches from the
Hall, and replace the old chairs and desks, adopting sub-
stantially the original arrangements thereof, but having re-
gaid to any leductton of shape occupied hy them, without
interfering with the convenience of the arrangement.
Resolved by the House of Representatives ^ uhe Senate
concurring,) That when the House adjourns on Friday next,
it adjourn to meet on Monday, the 5th day of March, next.
Report of Captain Franklin.
Omen Capitol Extension, February 20, I860.
Sir : I have tho honor, in compliance with youi "request
of the 17th Distant, to make the following report in relation
to a change of seats in the Hall of the Hou&e of Kepre&ent-
atives:
if the circular registers are allowed to remain where they
now are; if no alteration be made in the part ot tile floor
now unoccupied; if the occupied part of tho floor be
merely changed, so as to permit the desks and chairs to be
placed upon the steps; and if one week be given before tiic
work is commenced, the alteration can be made ir six
working days, at a cost pf $2,000.
If the registers in the floor are to be removed ; the steps
made uniform over the whole floor; the carpet made good;
the air brought in by new registers, in theimoccupied parts
of the floor, the time required will be twelve woi king days,
and the cost $5,000. In this estimate it is taken toi gi anted
that one week will be given for the prepaiution of ihe ma-
terials, before the work is commenced upon the floor
In the above estimates, the cost of repairs which may
be necessary to the desks and chairs is not included. 1
understand that many of them need repairs; and I pre&urne
that §500, in addition to the sums above named, will be
necessary to insure that all of the desks and chairs can be
used in making the alteration.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
W. B. FRANKLIN,
Captain Topographical Engineers,
in charge Capitol L>.ctemion.
Hon. W. Porcher Miles, House of Representative?, chair-
man of Committee on Jilterationof Arrangement of Seats,
AH ot winch is respectfully submitted:
E B. WASHBUUNE.
JNO. G. DAVIri.
The minority of the committee, respectfully dissenting
from the recommendation of the majority, begs leave to
offer, as his report, the report made by him as chairman of
a similar committee to the last Congress:
"Mr. Miles, from the select committee in regard to a
removal of the desks and rearrangements of the scats of
members, submits the following report:
*' The s>pec;a! committee, to whom was referred the reso-
lution of the House of December 23, directing them ' to con-
sider and report upon the expediency of removing the pres-
ent desks from the Hall, and making such a rearrangement
of the neats or members as will bring them together into a
smaller ppaco, po as to insure greater facility ot hearing and
more orderly debate.5 beg leave to repoit:
u That thoy have given the matter due consideration, and
have come unammou-.h to the conclusion that the removal
of the da-dw, and bringing members together m?  a more
eonipactarea, is not only expedient and desirable, but would
if effected, b<' in itseifamOft importantsteptoward-i manv
iegi&dative refouws. So far as the dc^k'-are concerned, your
committee feel—^ome of iticm from thHr own personal ex-
perience—that they have become a nuisance. Tho chief
argument for retaining them is the stronge^lreason for their
abolition—namely, the convenient facility which they af-
ford members for writingletters and franking documents. U
would certainly seem a& if the very firot duty oi a Repre-
sentative m Congress was not simply to attend bodily in
his piace, but to listen to, understand, and, when occasion
requires it, to participate in the discussions and proceedings
of the body of which he is a member. This is a truth so
self evident that its enunciation is almost superfluous. But
we ask any honorable membei candidly to say whether he
has found it practicable, in his own experience, while ab-
sorbed in writing letters at his desk, to attend to what is
going on in the House? If it be urged that there arc times
when even the most conscientious member may feel that
he is not called upon to listen attentively—as during the
reading of prosy manuscript speeches or the delivering of
ad capfandum 'Buncombe' ones, really not addressed to
the House, nor intended to influence its action—still wc
may reply that the very resource oi the desks, upon which
so many fall back as a refuge against dullness or empty
sounds contributes to perpetuate the infliction upon the
country oi evils from which we manage partially to protect
ourselves. There can be little doubt that, if there were no
.desks in the Hall, a very decided improvement would take
place in the cbaractei of congressional speeche?. No one
whose misfortune it may have been to be compelled for any
purpose to wade through the interminable column'? of the
' Daily Globe' can doubt that this is a 4 consummation de-
voutly to be wished.' But it is not merely bccause tho
desks withdraw the attention of members from the biHincsa
legitimately before them—which it is their sworn and paid
duty to attend to—that their removal is desirable.
"The space occupied by the present arrangement of
chairs and desks is so largo that it is always difficult, and
sometimes impossible, for those at a distance from the Clerk
or from themcmberspeakingto heardistinctly. This arises
not from any acoustic defect in the Hall, but simply from
its immense size. The result is, that resolutions have to
be reported, or remarks repeated, so often, that not only
much valuable time is lost, but a degree of noise and con-
fusion ensues very unfavorable to calm and deliberate dis-
cussion. It may not be inappropriate in this connection to
remark that the English House ofCommons, numbering six
hundred and fifty-four members, holds its sessions in a hall
very much smaller than our own, which has to accommodate
but two hundred and thirty-six members. Neither Lords nor
Commons, however, in England, have desks, and the ar-
rangement of their seatn,in conscquence, is so compact as
to bring them into a comparatively concentrated area.
Your committee have conferred freely with Captain
Meig>, the able and accomplished supeiintendent oi the
Capitol extension, who very kindly, at their instance, pre-
pared a diagram of the floor of the House, to assist them in
their examination. He also went through with them va-
rious measurements, both on the drawing and in the Hall
itself, with a view to ascertain into how much smaller
space members might be comfortably and conveniently
seated. As the result of these experiments we are author-
ized to say that Captain Meigs considers it perfectly prac-
ticable to make such an arrangement of seats as will bring
members near enough together to see and hear each other
distinctly. This is surely a gi eat deMderatum, and ought
in itself to reconcile members to thelosQ of the purely selfish
enjoyment of then desks. When honorable gentlemen can
make themselves heard without screaming themselves
hoarse, and hope to catch the Speaker's eye and obtain the
floor without scrambling for it with the noise and vocifer-
ation of school boys scrambling for an apple; when the
distinct readme of a resolution or leport once or twice from
the Clerk's desk will put the entire House m possession of
it, we may then expect to have quiet, decorous, and orderly
debate; real, legitimate discussion of the subject-matter
pending before us, instead of interminable discussions, de
quolihet ente, addressed in point of fact to distant constitu-
encies, and not even intended for the ear of the House.
aTo meet the objection which may be urgpcl against the
removal ofthede^ks—that they are necessary at limes for the
puipose ofwritingofiesolutions or supporting books of refer-
ence, &c.-ive would say, that in the rearrangement of the
Hall, in the plan contemplated, ample facilities would be af-
forded for these purposes. A table placed in the open space in
front of the Speaker's seat would, in itself, be sufficient for
both these objects, and wouid be a convenient spot from
which to read extracts from authorities cited in debate.
Large tables might al^o be placed m the comcrs of the Hall,
and supplied with writing materials. Besides, with our
present convenient retiring rooms, so immediately adjacent
and opening upon our own private lobby, there would be
abundant oppoitunity for writing afforded those who might
at any particular time not consider their presence nccessary
in the House. It would require but a few second*, cer-
tainly not half a minute, to summon a member from either
of these rooms m case of a vote, or the coming up of any
matter in which he might feel an interest.
u [n conclusion, your committee have to say that they
verily believe that small and comparatively insignificant as
the reform which they advocate may now seem, jet, should
the House adopt it, the advantages which will flow tromit
will very soon be so numeiouv and appairmt as not only to
impress Congress, but the country at latge. It will then
be a matter of surprise to all that a plan -^o simple, natural,
and obviou-?, should not have been sooner adopted.
a Yonr committee recommend the passageof the follow-
ing resolution*
li Resolved, That the Supeiintendent of the Capitol Ex-
tension be directed, after the adjournment of the pie-ent
session of Congress, to icmove the desks from the Hall of
the Hou«e, and to make such a rearrangement of the seats
of members as will bring them together into the smallest
convenient space.
" WM. PORCHER MILES,
" GEO. IL PENDLETON,
«J LETCHER,
  EDWARD JOY MORRIS,
WASHBURN, Jr."
The argument in favor of the present system of seats
Without desk* i* so fully set forth in the above that it seems
needless to add anything thereto, it is simply a question
of the comtort and convenience of members on the one
hand, and tho expeditious and intelligent dispatch of th8
business of the country on the other.
All which is respectfully submitted :
william porchf.r mit.es.
MESSAGE PROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr.AsBORr DicKiNs,its Secretary,notifying the
House that the Senate had passed the joint reso-
lution making an appropriation for inaugurating
the equestrian statue of Washington.
Also, that the Senate had passed the joint reso-
lution of the House for the appointment of a joint
committee of three members on the part of the
House and three members on the part of the Sen-
ate, to revise the joint rules of the two Houses,
with power to report at any time; and that Messrs.
Bright, Pearce, and Poor, had been appointed
such committee on the part of the Senate.
Also, that the Senate had passed an act (S. No.
117) for the relief of Guadalupe Estudillo de Ar~
guello, widow of Santiago E. Arguello, in which
he was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House.
Also, informing the House that in the absence
of the Vice President, the Senate had chosen the
Hon. Benjamin Fitzpatrick President of the
Senate pro tempore.
ARRANGEMENT OF THE HALL AGAIN.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. As both re-
ports have been read, and as the House has now
the whole subject before it, and for the purpose
of testing the question whether the House desires
to act on the subject now, I call the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. R.UFFIN. I move to lay the whole sub-
ject on the table.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to lay both
reports and the resolutions on the table.
The SPEAKER. There is a motion pend-
ing, made by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Smith,] which was postponed until the reports
should be read, when, it was distinctly stated by
the Chair, it would be in order. The gentleman
from Virginia is, therefore, entitled to his mution
to postpone till Friday.
Mr. McCLERNAND. The reports had not
been submitted when that motion was made.
Mr. FLORENCE. The gentleman from Illi-
nois has not yielded the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope the gentleman from
Illinois will accept the proposition. If he insists
on the previous question, let it be voted down.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The House
has the whole matter under its control, and if it
desires to vote down the previous question it can
do so, and the whole subject will be open to
amendment. I insist on my demand for the pre-
vious question.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I suppose that my
motion to lay the reports and resolutions on the
table is in order. Ii so, I insist upon it.
Mr. COX. On that motion I call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken, and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 88, nays 97; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adrain, Barksdale, Bingham, Biakr,
Boyce, Brabson, Branch, Brayton, Burnett, Bnrnliain,!.;>
roy, Clopton, Cobb, John Cochrane, Cooper, Burton Orange,
Curry. H. Winter Davis, De Jarnette, Dimnnck, Ihibii,
Edmundson, Etheridge, Farnsworth, Fenton, Terr}, Flor-
ence, Gartrell, Grow, Hall, John T. Hairis, Haskm, lid-
mick, Hill, Hmdman, Hoard, Humphrey, Hntcliins, Keiti,
Francis W. KeliogK, William Keilo<r<r,"K.iIlin£,'ei. Lamar,
Leake, Charles 1). Martin, MeKeun, McPherson, Miliar,
Mii^, Mill-on, Sydenham Moore, Morrill, Mors*:-,
!: Palmer, Pendleton, Pejton, Porter, Pryor, i'lnh,
i j Reagan, ttig£fJ, ltust, Christopher Kobmson, Royce. liulini,
i' Schwartz, Sherman, Sickles, Singleton. William' Smith,
!i Sp.iuldin , tjpmner, Stallworth, Stout, Stiatton, Taylor,
Tliayer, Theaker, Trimble, Vallamhyham, Van Wvck,
jf Veiree, Walton, Israel Washburn, Winslow. aud Wnglit
" — 88.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles F. Adam-, Green Adams. Aid-
rich, Allen, Alley, Thomas L. Anderson, U'iur-'m (J,
Anderson, A'-hmor-", Avery, Babbitt, Barr, llarrett, B(
Illair, Bonham, Bftteler," Bouh^nv, Bristow, Buffinton,
Bureh, Burhnfjatne, Burroughs, Butterfieid. Campbell.!\>j -
tcr, John B. Ciark, CollUx, Coakling, Convin, 1 o\. .James
Ciaiz, Curtis, Davidson, John G. Dax'is, l.'ruben Oa\;~,
Dawes, Dueii, Edwards, Eliot, Eiy, Foster, Giimer, Goor-b,
Gurley, Hamilton, Hardeman, Hatton, Holman, Hon
Ifowird, Hughes, Irvine, Jackson, Jenkins, Jones. Ki!';nr>',
Landrum, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, f.'u'.'tn. Loom."'. Lnv(;;
Lovcjoy, Maelay, Marston, F.lbert S. Martin, Maynn.d,
McClerriand, Mcknight, McQueen, Millward, Montgom-
ery, Moorhead, Edward Joy Morris, 1-aae N. Mnrrn. ny1-
son, Niblaek, Pettit, Phelps, Potter, tluarle., James ('.
Ilobitiaoii, Stanton, Stevvn-on, Stokes, Thomas, Tonip
kins, Underwood, Wade, CadwaUderC. Wastibwu, Ell.hu
