%
1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
jm
is now no further use for the office. ' It may have
been useful heretofore; but the designs are all
completed; in fact the Capitol is nearly finished
anyhow, and the building can be done just as
well by Captain Franklin, who is an engineerand
architect himself; probably as well able to make
out these designs as Mr. Walter is. The wRole
work can be done by him, and the expense of
$3,500 salary given to this gentleman can be saved
by the Government. There is no use for it. If
it is continued,itisameresinecure. I think Mr.
Walter has made enough out of the Government.
He has been here for seven years. He came here
poor, and is now rich. He lives in a palace, and
I think has had enough out of the Government,
and ought not to be continued longer drawing the
pay of $3,500 for staying about the Capitol and
doing little or nothing. I trust the amendment
will prevail.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have heard of there be-
ing a rule in the Senate, and, I think, a very ap-
propriate one, not to put general legislation on
appropriation bills. The discussion of this ques-
tion is to open a controversy that has been raging
in Washington, I have lately ascertained, for
about ten years—a controversy between the Sen-
atorfrom Mississippi and CaptainMeigs,and Mr.
Walter and the Secretary of War, anil others, in
relation to this subject, of which, I confess, I am
noL myself very well advised, but about which I
am beginning to learn a little, because I have been
lately plaeed'on the Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish you would state any con-
troversy 1 had with anybody about it. It is new
to me.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not mean a personal
controversy, but that Captain Meigs has been
sustained, as I understand, in the views he has
taken, by the Senator from Mississippi, in all his
deahngs'in relation to the Capitol.
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. And I am informed—of
course I will not undertake to speak from personal
knowledge—that Mr. Walter is sustained by the
present Secretary of War, and there is a nnsnn-
derstandiinr. I do not profess to understand it.
It is all a new business tome; but I am beginning
to get my eyes open to understand that there has
been a difficulty and a dispute pending here for a
long time. Now, Mr. President, my opinion is
that we should not bring up this matter and have
it discussed upon this appropriation bill_ I un-
derstand that tiie foundation on which this piop-
osuion was first offered was that there was r.o
appropriation to continue the extension of the
Capitol. When I first rose, the honorable Sena-
tor from Indiana, [Mr. Bright,] the chairman of
the Committee on Public Buildings and Gi ounds,
was not in his seat, or perhaps I should not have
risen at all to say anything; but I understand
that committee is prepared or expects to ofter an
amendment to this appropriation bill, for the ex-
penditure of a certain stun of money towards the
completion of the Capitol building. If the expend-
iture is to go on, it seems to me wc want an ar-
chitect or somebody to take charge of the con-
struction of the Capitol.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 15, nays 34; as follows:
 .Me—rs. liiow n. Cmneion, -. Dixon, Fitch.
Fit/pieiick.!* ei - mi, Lane. Nicholson, IVaroe, Polk, Sallls-
l>urv\ Toonib*. UTi;'t.ill,ami Wilkinson—15.
XW'rl . Anthonv, niul' t- ISnmbnm, limi™.
Bna'ht, Cha'udlei, Ctn-nui,"Cl.uk C'lmjniaii. Uoolittle,
iliekee, Ff-sendeli, Font. rostei. i-iuvn, Gr.me?-. il.in.
iliunlin' Hammond.'Jciluit-on ot Aikan.-a-. John-
son ot Tennessee. Kcimeih. Svura, Maikwy, onell. . < -
h.i-tian, Kuninniir-, Sumnei Thomson. iiuuinu.l. YwiCA;
Wil.-on. and Yulec—If I.
So the amendment, to the amendment was re-
J'eCThi> PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now recurs on the amendment as reported by the
Senator from Georgia, from the Committee on
Finance. . i
Mr PEA.RCE. Mr. President, I will state
briefly to the Senate why tk.s amendment has |
been introduced. This an commission, as it is ,
called, owes its establishment to an amendment .
insnted by the House of Representatives m an
appropriation bill some two years ago, w.iicn pro- j
•• That mme of tin* appropriation shall be wpriidcft in j
embetiisiiiii" any part ol'ihe Capitol extension \\ ith ?cui[ -
lure or "paintings, unless lite designator the some shall have
undergone the examination of acomraittee of distinguished I
artists, not toexceed three in number, to be selected by the
President; and that the designs which said committee shall ]
accept shall al?o receive the subsequent approbation of the |
Joint Committee on the Library of Congress." See. j
A .similar provision was introduced into the
appropriation bill last year; and under that au-
thority, such as it was, the President appointed
three gentlemen as members of this art commis-
sion. One of them is quite an eminent portrait
painter; another is an eminent landscape painter;
and the third is a sculptor of decided merit. Mr.
Lambdin, Mr. Kensett, and Mr. Brown are the
three gentlemen. They were appointed abouta
year ago, perhaps a little more. They have been
sitting from about that time in this Capitol, and
we have the fruit of their year's work m a little
report of about seven pages; some two or three
pages of which are taken up in criticising the or-
namentation of the Capitol as far as it has gone,
and the sort of painting which is found ^on the
walls. They say nothing;, I believe, of the sculp-
ture, except 1o indorse the merit of Crawford and
Rogers, while disapproving the putting of statues
in the pediments, preferring to them alto-relievo.
Another portion of the report is taken up in sug-
gestions in regard to the art which should be em-
ployed in our coinage. There is more than half
a page on that subject. There are suggestions
as to the sort of subjects which should be the
themes of the ornamentation designed for the
rooms appropriated to the Supreme Court, which
they suggest, should be taken from our judicial
history. Then there is a paragraph or two on
the subject of pictures in the dome, which are to
be of one sort and another. They say:
"In the dome there will be large spaces for the mtioduc-
tion of pictures, which may be devoted to subjects imme-
diately relating to the discovery of the country—the em-
barkation and landing of Columbus, and the subsequent
discoveries of Ponce de Leon and De Soto. Undei the
great cornice which surrounds the rotunda there is, in the
plan of the architect, a frieze in has relief, which may em-
brace the' idea of freedom, civil aiid religious.
" in the lotunda. below this fiieze, may with propriety
be represented the'colonial bistoiyof the country, followed
by that of the Revolution ; and fiom the xotunda towatd*
the Ilalls of the Senate and the House of Ilepicssentativc?,
f-ueh other ?ucce^ive epochs of our history a.> would en-
able a person with ordmaiy intelligence to read it consec-
utively."
Then there is a suggestion that the desks of
the Vice President, and Speaker of the House,
should be ornamented with busts. I presume we
will have to change the arrangements of thedesks
for that purpose. Then there are some general
suggestions in regard to art. Then comes the
subject of coinage. Then comes a.suggestion that
their powers and duties should be defined a little
more strictly, which indeed is very necessary;
for all that the act has (Tone has been to provide
that no paintings or sculptures shall be set up
m the Capitol unless they were approved by a
commission of artists, and subsequently approved
by the Joint Committee on the Library ot Con-
gress. No power was given them; no salaries
are provided for them; but I understand it is con-
sidered reasonable to give them $3,000 a year
each as salary. I have heard a rumor that the
commissioners wish to have some littio biue&u
equipments, such as rooms,_ messengers, and so
on; but nothing is said of this, I believe, in their
report. Thcsecommissionerbseumtohaveadoptcd
a suggestion of an art convention which was held
in tins city, I believe, m which they say:
u' The advancement of ait in the I mted States- may
bo nioi-t t-molj' and completely attained^ 1)\ the ej-fabLsh
mein of an art commlwon. composed ot tho-e d-^ignatcd
bv the united voice ol Ameuean artme as competent to
the office ; who shall he accepted as the exponent-; ot the
authoutv and mflucnee ol American ait; w.io shau bet.ie
clifimds loi the distribution ot all appropriations to be
made bv Confess lor art puipo^o. and who phall M-curc; to
aitists an intelligent and u.ib.a-ed adjudication upon the
dcvigns thev may piesout for the embellishment ot theua-
tional buildings."
Thev say that the whole scheme of ornamen-
tation of the Capitol and the public buildups ana
"•rounds is rather too large a one torthemtoma e
dorecommc. 
Thev think it is high tune to begin to appropriate
for the ornamentation of this Capitol, which is
sufficiently advanced to adn# the receivingof
pictures and statues. They begin very moder-
ately. Thev recommend an appropriation ncu
of *166,900. ""lor pictures to fill loin panels m each
of'the Halls of Congress; tor tour statues ioi
Senate retiring room; for two statues for eastern
liont door of south wing;, for two colossal basts
for Senate Chamber; for two statuesfor Houseof
Representatives; for painting Speaker'sroom; for
painting private stairways ana passages behind
Speaker's chair; for painting room east of Speak-
er's room; for painting post office in south wing,"
&c. I feel bound to say that their estimate of
prices of statues and paintings seems to be more
reasonable than the valuations which artists usu-
ally put upon their own productions.
Now, sir, that is the product of a year's labor
of-thesc commissioners, for which we must pay,
I suppose, at least nine thousand dollars; and if
we adopt their recommendations, which the com-
mittee, I believe, have not considered at all, we
shall appropriate $166,900 for these ornamenta-
tions. There seems to be a sort of admission that
American art is not quite up to the work; but
they say it will be going on a great many years,
and by and by native talent in this line will be
developed, and we shall have all the necessary
artistic ability, if we establish this system of ad-
vertising for competition which they suggest.
I think it must be very manifest (for I do not
want to detain the Senate by any long remarks)
that we are not ready now to go on with this sort
of ornamentation, and that we really have nothing
for these gentlemen to do. Accordingly, they are
occupied, for the most part, in painting or sculp-
ture, according to their several vocations; one at
portraits; another at landscapes; and the"third
making busts. I take it, that has been the great
part of the business which has occupied them for
the last year; and it must be evident that it is en-
tirely unnecessary to appoint such a commission
at this time as a sort of peimanent council of art.
If it were proposed to have a commission of art-
ists of great distinction merely to recommend a
plan of Ornamentation, I do not know that 1 should
object to it; but 1 think that this little product for
one year's labor admonishes us that it is scarcely
worth while to continue this art commission,
which was got up in a hurry, and forced upon the
Senate by the House of Representatives; for the
Senate rejected it, and it was only upon a com-
; mittee of conference it was forced through. I will
not trouble the Senate any further.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I should like to inquire
of the honorable Senator from Maryland whether
these gentlemen have been paid anything for their
services ^
Mr. PEA11CE. IsTot that I know of. There
was no authority to pay them. There was no
law that appropriated any salary, and there has
been no appropriation. They ought to be paid,
undoubtedly. We brought them here; and if
there was a proposition for paying them §3,000,
I would be very willing to agree to it, provided
this amendment is carried with it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I suggest, if any such
proposition as this is to go upon the appropria-
tion bill, to discharge these gentlemen, and put an
end to the offices, it would he but just, it seems
to me, that we should pay them when we dis-
charge them. The amendment ought to be ac-
companied by some provision for paying them
for their services, if we are now to discharge them.
Mr. PEARCE. I think that is very proper;
and if the Senator will move a separate amend-
ment appropriating §*3,000 to the members of the
art commission for their services during the time
they were on that commission, i will vote for it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
iinn the amendment of the Committee on Finance.
Mr DOOLITTLE. Then I will move to amend
the amendment which is offered, by providing for
the payment of these gentlemen severally the sum
suggested by the Senator from Mai ylaud—$3,000
i ^Mr. DAVIS. What ought we to pay them for ?
| Was there any salary fixed >
Mr. SL1DELL. I heard something of the cre-
ation of this art commission at the time, and was
always given to understand that these gentlemen
were animated bv a high sense of duty; that they
were stimulated only by a feeling to improve the
arts of the country; that they desired to have an
opportunity of manifesting their taste; that then-
services were to be purely gratuitous; they were
voluntaiy. 1 imagine each one o, these gentle-
men is pursuing Irs peculiar avocation asa sculp-
tor oi painter." One, I believe, is a landscape
painter; the other, perhaps, a portrait painter. 1^
