I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
36th Coxa.... 1st Sess.
Despotism of Slavery—Mr. Van Wyek,
Ho. of Keps.
had a right to answer your charge by a reference j!
to negro-burning at this very time. Do you pro- ij
pose to make the present generation liable for j
offenses two hundred years old? How much j
more, then, are you chargeable with those of your ;
own time? !
Our theory is, that the world is progressing-. [
There would be no encouragement to toil and j
labor, if no advancement was to reward our ex- ;
ertion. By cultivation the earth is made fruitful *, ■
" for in the wilderness shall water break out, and i
streams in thedesert." Man is continually learn- ;
ing the relation of physical forces to each other !
and to himself; and shall not his moral and social
as well as his intellectual nature be developed ?
The world still moves, and must advance. You
can no more stay its progress than did the anath- j
emas of Rome the revolutions of the universe. j
The moral and political world,likethe physical, |
has its development by long stages and slow de- i
grees. The outward surface of one age becomes j
solidified and hid from sight by lapse of time. As ;
the strata of coal and rock and metal, in the end, j
were covered with the genial soil, which mad? a !
habitable globe for man and beast, sustaining the \
massive forest, the towering mountains, the un- .
dulatiug plain, bearing the flowers of spring and ;
the harvests of autumn. ;
Thus the cold, unseemly, and rough parts of;
the moral and political universe, their despotism ;
end cruelties, us age of rock and iron, and the i
boasted golden era, were, one after another, pet- ■
rifled ana hid from view, until man's better nature 1
was presented, with its bold mountains and flow- !
ering valleys covered with verdure, and bearing
fioweis and fruits to gladden the heart and fill it j
with joy. _ _ |
You talk of an irrepressible conflict, as if it has
not always waged from the period when out of1
chaotic strife came, symmetry and order. It is j
everywhere, in the physical, mental, moral, and ,
political world; in the'struirgie where, the oc*,e<in,'
groaning iVom hi& lowest bed, heaves his tempest- !
uous billows to the sky, thus preserving the life ,
of the deep; of contending elements, I
When lightning fire-* ;
The aids of heaven, and tlmnder-; rock the ground ; j
YVhen lui.ous whnl winds rend the howlmg air,'' ;
making the atmosphere pure; of truth and error, j
leading to the path of duty; of right and wrong, j
that man should discern his relation to God and j
his fellow; of freedom and tyranny, that man j
might enjoy the inalienable right to life, hbeuy, ]
and the putsuit ofhappiuess. j
The Jew.3 waged this conflict on Egypt's fertile
fields, in the famishing wilderness, and in the j
land of Canaan. Clulst and the Apostles waged
this conflict on the plains of Judea, before the ;
judgment seat of Pilate, and at the throne of the j
Caesars. The martyrs and patriots of every age, i
the Puritans of Charles I., the Huguenots and j
Waldensesof France, the heroes of our own Rev-j
olution, waged this irrepressible conflict. And j
this conflict, though we trust in the future a Mood- j
less one, will wage until all forms of error and J
superstition shall pass away; until man shall no ;
longer vex and oppress his brother: until the last
throne shall hove crumbled in the dust, the sigh ;
of the last captive be heard, and the manacle of j
the last slave broken. ;
What would you say of the man who, pleas-;
ing himself with the glistening of an idiot's toy,
should launch his frail bark amid the wiid, roar-
ing billows, or fioat his silken balloon when the
angry storm was riding the blast. Pie is worse
than a madman who can learn nothing from the
elemental strife but to tempt its wrath or mock
at its fury.
The earth has its hidden fires; the outer crust
may smother and conceal them foi a time,but in
the'end they will burst forth, sending a lava-tide
of destruction and death. So is it with the heart
of man; its history under tyranny is the history
of tiie volcano. Ages of oppression have kept
subdued its flames, but they have at intervals burst
forth, and lit up with lurid gleam the horrors and
gloom of despotism. The heart and instincts of
man, of whatever clime and whatever color, are
always the same. Ay faming to bo fiee will break
the outer crust, although tyrants of nations and
individuals are slow to learn. He who sleeps on
the summit of a crater, and builds his house on
the heaving sides of Etna or Vesuvius, must not be
astonished to have, his rest disturbed, his home de-
stroyed. So the despot of a nation, when he rears
his throne upon the pent-up hopes of an oppressed
nation, or the petty tyrant-master, who reposes in
luxuuous ease upon the heaving sides which press
upon the natural rights of an enslaved race, must
not wonder if the long struggle should force from
the ovcrpressed heart a tide that would blacken
and destroy. And when your fair gardens shall
be blasted, and the hopes you had been building
upon the crushed affections of others are withered,
and you turn and chide the innocent as the au-
thors of the fruits of your own folly, it will only
show that stupidity is even in advance of tyranny.
Ah well might the dweller on Vesuvius mock at
Omnipotence for the throes of the volcano.
Sir, I claim to be conservative in the just mean-
ing- of that much-abused word. I profess the
faith, nothing moie, of the founders of the Re-
public and the Democratic party down to 1847.
In the groat debate between Senators Douglas
and Davis, a few days since in the Senate, it was
conceded that the modern Democratic doctrine of
popularsovereignty was about ten years old, hav-
ing its birth in the Nicholson letter of Lewis Cass;
while the higher law dogma of the southern ex-
tremists, that the i ight to slaves is above all law,
had a feeble existence in the brain of John C. Cal-
houn, until the venerable judges of the Supreme
Couit acted as nurses and endeavored to vitalize
the monstrous deformity into the appearance of
comeliness and vitality. This exotieof despotism
will evidently not flourish in a northern latitude;
taud it is feared that, in the leafy month of June,
as far South as Baltimore and Richmond, jt can-
not sunive the open air.
You drove us to a refeience to historical facts;
and I freely stated them, not for the purpose of
easting any reflection upon your people, but to
show that the North was entitled to a share of the
inheritance of the promise. If they be untrue, you
can manifest their falsity. 1 yielded my humble
tribute oi" gratitude to your brave men of the
past. I vindicated the greater portion of your own
people of the present day, who are not represented
on this floor bv men who are ready to tear the
Constitution and shatter the Union. I said then,
1 behove now, that the fust effort of your insane
folly will be stricken down by the strong arm of
-your own Union-loving people. True, I had no
encomiums for your tones in the Revolution, nor
for those of their descendents who believe in their
principle. I never eulogize northern tones. Why
should those of the South have any more claim
to gratirude ?
This, then, is the head and front of my offend-
ing, except it be the historical fact I stated, that
. yourown people burned slaves at the stake, which
was true then, and is doubly true now. I did not
charge this upon all the South, any more than I
insisted that all the slaves were burnt at the stake.
No man, except he who was blinded by political
rage and furious with sectionnl rage, could have
placed any such construction upon it. This state-
ment was denounced as untrue, and the member
from Mississippi appeared to be exceedingly anx-
ious that 1 should give my courage an airing with
some chivalric son of the South. That query
was propounded at o time, ma place, and manner,
which his own pretended code of honor will not
tolerate, While, by his interrogatory, he looked
upon me tts the offending party and himself as the
one having a right to demand an explanation, yet
for reasons best known to himself, but of which
his peers on this floor and the country can judge,
: ho contents himself with insisting upon inserting
: m the debates language which I leave to him to call
! gentlemanly or parliamentary; language which, if
• used, was not heard by the reporters—for it did
: not appear in their report until after the debate
I was closed, and then at his suggestion—nor by
' myself,or thus-; near me, viz: " 1 pronounce the
| gentleman to be a liar and scoundrel." I was in-
i formed this member went to the Globe office the
■ same evening, and insisted that his chaste and
! disnified expression should by all means grace
! the columns of that journal. Why did he mam-
I festso much anxiety to interline the debates and
; so pertinaciously urge its publication.- Did it
1 elevate his own character as a high-toned gentle-
| man in his own estimation, or the consideration
of his constituents and the country? He had
already denounced the statement as false. How.
could he give any greater intensity to his convic-
tions by terms which are becoming obsolete tit'
the dialect of the buffoon and braggart. The
member recognized in my remarks already a casus
belli, and that could not be removed by a'new
cause of offense created by himself. He certainly
could not relieve the old by provoking a new, con-
troversy with his opponent. The motive of the:
member I leave for others to judge., Can it.be
that gentlemen in the State of Mississippi,.recog-
nizing a code of honor, resort to such means:to
provoke a wager of battle in a land boasting of the
highest type of civilization, and whose piety is $o
great that they are panting furiously and champ-
ing on the bit of legal restraint to Christianize, by
their peculiar missionary operations, the entire
continent of Africa? What matter for a whke
man now and then, when the whole field of Africa©
refinement, civilization,and religion, is unfolding
before them?
As an expression of opinion, I added, in the
same connection: 44 it seems to awaken no horror
in your minds"—not to the whole of your peo-
ple, nor ail the members on this floor, but those
to whom it could properly apply? Suppose niy
opinion erroneous: was its mere utterance in a
fiee country a sufficient reason for you to ask the
privilege to attempt to take my lifer Look at the
many instances where entire communities parti-
cipated in the demoniac outrage; at the fact that,
in the different localities where the outrage was
perpetrated, probably no effort ever was made to
bring to punishment such fiends m human form.
Certainly itawakened no horrorinall their minds.
These barbarities, though often repeated, and
within a few months of the meeting of this Con-
gress, and published m the different papers of
the land, awakened so little horror in the minds
of some members on this floor that they not only
claimed to have forgotten the fact, but were be-
trayed into abusive and insulting language, to de-
velop their own ignorance of the passing events
of their own secaon.
It not only seems to awaken no horror in your
minds, but a paper assuming a religious garl>-~
the Herald—published,I believe, in Montgomery,
Alabama, recently said:
"Wc think jo too. The editor of the HaynevIUe (Ala-
bama) Chronicle very justly observe* :
" 1 it is questionable whether burning negroes by whites
has any better efieet tnan to brutalize the feeling ol'a com-
munity. fcrevcia! have already been hutuedin Montgomery
county, without, it seems, decreasing ciime among them.',f
We trust this religious newspaper will find' its
way into Georgia and Mississippi. Are the edit-
ors of the Herald and Chronicle liars and scoun-
drels ? They tell you that slaves have been burnt,
several in one county; and that it brutalizes the
feelings of your communities.
Liar and scoundrel! Who is the man ?
One moment to the law and testimony. If other
evidence than the above extract be required, let
the witnesses be they ofyour own household, and
out of yourown mouths be condemned. In 1836
was -not a negro burned, near St. Louis, in the
presence of two or three thousand of its citizens?
A correspondent of the New Orleans Picayune,
writing from Jackson, Mississippi, on the 25th
December, 1853, gives the details of the chaining
to a stake and burning alive a negro at that place.
The Montgomery (Alabama) Mail, of April 3,
1856, says:
" We learn that the negio who murdered Mr. Capehart
wa« burned to death ye&teiday at Mount Meigs."
In 1856 the Sumter (Alabama) Whig speaks of
the burning of a slave in that county, and adds;
"lie was tied to a tlake, with fat light wood piled
mound linn, and the tench wa.s applied in the presence of
two thousand per*o >. who had met there to witness the
novel fccene.
There were some rumors that the slave had been
tortured to extort a confession, but that the Whig
declares was entirely untrue. Did not torture
the poor slave, only burnt him alive, to make &
"novel scene"'for iwo thousand Christian men
to gaze upon ! There is a record somewhere else,
made up of those whose " tender mercies are cru-
elties.5'
The Union Springs (Alabama) Gazette, speaking
of a slave boy who had murdered his master,adds:
" That evening, at three o'clock, in the presence of five
hundred persona, he was chained to a tree aud burned."
