1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
B. YVashbinnOj Webster, Wells, Wilson, Windom, Wood-
ruff, and Woodson—97,
So the House refused to lay thejeportsand res-
olutions 011 the table.
During the vote,
Mr. BOCOGK stated that he had paired off for
the day with Mr. Tappan.
Mr. ICILGORE stated that Mr. Case had
paired off for the day with Mr. Scott.
Mr. CLEMENS said: I have paired with Mr.
Stevens , of Pennsylvania, for two weeks, or such
further time as he may desire. I do not believe
that it was in the contemplation of either of us
that a question of this kind could be sprung upon
the House. I should vote "ay," if I had the
privilege of voting; but, under the circumstances,
I decline to vote.
Mr. GARNETT stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Frank, who would have voted in the
negative, while he -(Mr. Garnett) would have
voted in the affirmative.
ENROLLED RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled,
A joint resolution making an appropi-iation for
inaugurating the equestrian statue of Washing-
ton; and
A resolution giving the consent of Congress to
Captain William B. Shubrick, to accept a sword
presented to him by Captain Gefieral and Presi-
dent Urquiza, of the Argentine Confederation.
When the Speaker signed the same.
ARRANGEMENT OF THE HALL AGAIN.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now de-
mand the previous question tin the resolutions.
Mr. MILES. I hope the House will not sus-
tain the call for the previous question. There are
a great many members 
Mr. KILGORE. Debate is not in order, is it?
Mr. MILES. I ask the member from Illinois
to withdraw the demand for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr, McCLERNAND. I call the gentleman
from South Carolina to order. Debate is not in
order, the previous question having been de-
manded.
Mr. MILES. I am appealing to the gentleman
from Illinois to withdraw the demand for the pre-
vious question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I should be
very glad to accommodate the gentleman from
South Carolina, but I understood him to say that
he was willing; to submit the whole matter to be
determined by the House at this time; and with
that understanding, I propose to demand the pre-
vious question.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I rise to a question of
order. I make the point of order that, the pre-
vious question bring demanded, debate is not in
order; but the House must proceed to vote on
seconding the demand for the previous question.
Mr. MILES. Well; if the gentleman is de-
termined to force the gag law upon us, he can do
it. I want a fair and square vote upon the ques-
tion; but I desire to discuss it, so that the argu-
ments, pro and con., may go before the country.
Mr. McCLERNAND. The gentleman from
South Carolina should be the last man to talk
about the gag law, as he has said more upon this
subject than all the rest of us.
The previous'question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put, being upon the
adoption of the resolutions.
Mr. CLEMENS. I call for a division of the
question on the resolutions.
Mr. GROW. After the previous question has
been sustained, there can be no division of the
question.
Mr. CONKLING. I rise to a question of
order. My point is, that it is too late to divide
this question, the main question having been
ordered.
Mr. McCLERNAND. The Chair so decided
the other day.
Mr. NOELL. Then I shall have to vote against
both the resolutions.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the question is divisible.
Mr. CLEMENS. X suggest to the Chair that
I called for a division the moment the resolutions
were oiiicially before the House.
n
The SPEAKER. The question is on the first
resolution.
Mr. GROW. I desire to have the rule read
which expressly provides that, if a division be
called for, it must be before the previous question
is sustained. There can be no division after the
main question has been ordered.
Mr. HOUSTON. You cannot require the
House to vote upon a batch of resolutions to-
gether. They divide themselves. The resolu-
tions stand before us divided; and we have a right
to a separate vote upon each.
Mr. NOELL. I would inquire of the Chair if
we are to be required to vote upon both the reso-
lutions at the same time ?
The SPEAKER. It is the opinion of the Chair
that they may be divided, and should be divided.
They are on independent subjects.
Mr. MILES. I call for the yeas and nays on
the adoption of the first resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to make an inquiry
of the Chair. Do I understand the Chair to de-
cide that, after the previous question has been de-
manded and sustained, a member has the right to
call for a division of the question on the resolu-
tions?
The SPEAKER. In resolutions of this nature,
the Chair supposes that it is in order.
Mr. STANTON. One of the resolutions is a
joint resolution, andtheothera simple resolution
of the House, and the question cannot be taken
on them together.
Mr. BURNETT. The decision of the Chair
is contrary to the uniform practice of the House.
Mr. MILES, The resolutions naturally divide
themselves.
The SPEAKER. One of them requires the vote
of both Houses.
Mr. MILES. One of them is a concurrent reso-
lution, and requires the vote of the Senate.
Mr. FLORENCE. I insist that the question
can be divided, because each of the resolutions is
a unit.
The question was taken on the adoption of the
first resolution; and it was decided in the affirma-
tive—yeas 95, nays 86; as follows:
YEAS—Mussrb. Charts F. Adams, Green Adams, Aid-
rich, Allen, Alley, Thomas L. Anderson, William O.
Anderson, Ashmore, Babbitt, Barr, Barrett, Beale, Blair,
Bonham, Botelcr, Bouligny, Bristow, Bumnton, Burch,
Burlingame, Buiroughs, Butterfield, Campbell, Carter,
John B. Clark, Colfax, Conkling, Corwin, Cox, James
Craig, Cuitis, .Davidson, John G. Davis, Dawes, Ducll,
Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Ferry, Gilmer, Goech, Gur-
ley, Hardeman, Hatton, Hoiman, Howard, Hushes, Irvino,
Jackson, Jenkins, Jones, William Kellogg, Kilgoie, Lan-
drum, DeWitt C. Leach, Logan. Loomis^ Love, Lovejoy,
Maelay, Marsfon, Elbert S. Mrtitin, Maynard, McClernand,
McKnlght, McQucen, Millward, Moorhead, IsaacN. Mor-
ris, Nelson, Niblaek,Pettit, Phelps, Potter, &uar]es,Rovce,
Spaulding, Stanton, Stevenson, Stokes, Theaker, Thomas,
Tompkins, Underwood, Wade, Walton, Cadwalader C.
Washburn, Eiiihu 1). Washburne, Webster, Wells, Wilson,
Wmdonv Woodruff, and Woodson—95.
NAYS—Messrs. Adrain, Avery, Barksdale, Bingham,
Blake, Boyoe, Brabson, Branch, Brayton, Burnett, Burn-
ham, Carey, Clopton.Cobb, John Cochrane, Cooper, Bur-
ton Craige, Curry, II. Winter Davis, Reuben Davis, i)e
Jarnette, Dimmiek, Dunn, Edmundson, Etheridsse, Farns-
vvorth, Fenton,Floience, Fostet,Gartrell,Grow, Hail, John
T. Hauls, Ilaskm, Helnuck, Hill, Hindman,Hoard, Hous-
ton, Humphrey, Hutching, Keitt, Fiancis W. Kellogg, Kil-
hnger, Kunkel, Lamar, Leake, Lee, Charles D. Martin,
MeKean, MePherson, MeRae,'Miles, Millson. Sydenham
Moore, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris, Morse, Nixon, Noell,
Pendleton, Peyton, Porter, Pryor, Pugh, Reagan, Riggs,
Christopher Robinson, Rufiin, Schwartz, Sherman, Single-
ton, William Smith, William N. H. Smith, Spinner, Stall-
wouSu Stout, Thayer, Trimble, Vallandigham, Vandever,
Van Wyck, Verree, Isiael Washburn, Wmslow, and
Wright—86.
So the first resolution was adopted.
During the roll-call,
Mr. STRATTON stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Harris, of Maryland, who wouid-have
voted in the affirmative, while he (Mr. Stratton)
would have voted "no."
Mr. FLORENCE stated that Mr. Whiteley's
pair with Mr. Hickman was continued for to-day.
The result of the vote having been announced
as above recorded,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the first resolution
was adopted; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The question rccurred upon the adoption of the
second resolution.
Mr. REAGAN demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. STANTON. I move to reconsider the
vfcte by which the main question "was ordered; and
I do it for the purpose of getting a vote to post-
pone the time when the seats shall be changed
until about the 23d of April. I have no idea of
wasting a -week now, when there will be a waste
week then during the session of the Charleston
convention.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I call the gentleman
from Ohio to order.
Mr. STANTON. Well, I move to reconsider
the vote by which the main question was ordered.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the motion of the gentleman fromuOhio is not in
order.
Mr. STANTON. It is in accordance with the
uniform and settled practice of the House.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I call the gentleman
from Ohio to order.
Mr. STANTON. The gentleman from Ohio
is in order in submitting his motion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. But it is not
in order to debate it.
Mr. STANTON. I am not debating* it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. You hare
been.
The SPEAKER. The order of the House has
not been entirely executed. Until it shall have
been executed, a motion to reconsider is n6t in
order.
Mr. STANTON. That is the very reason why
I supposed it was in order—because the order had
not been entirely executed.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I move to lay the
second resolution upon the table.
Mr. CURTIS. I rise to a point of order. We
are acting under the previous question, and no
motion or resolution can be brought in until we
have executed the order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair considers the mo-
tion in order.
Mr. CURTIS. The motion to lay upon the
table ?
The SPEAKER. Yes; and it is not debata-
ble.
Mr. CONKLINGr. I rise to a point of order.
My point is tjhis: that the motion now made to
lay the resolution upon the table has once been
put, and voted down.
The SPEAKER. That was at adifferent stage,
and that motion covered both the resolutions.
The Chair considers this a different motion, and
in order.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I demand the yeas
and nays on my motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 105, nays 72; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Green Adams, Ad-
ram, Avery, Barksdale, Bingham, Biair, Blake, Boyce,
Brabson, Branch, Brnyt'on, Bristow, Burnett, Burnham,
Carey, Ciopton, Cobb, John Cochrane, Cooper, Burton
Craige, Carry, l-I. Winter Davis, Reuben Davis, De Jar-
nette, Dimmiek, Duel!, Dunn, Edmundson, Eliot, Ether-
idge, Fenton, Ferry, Florence, Foster, GartrelJ, Gilmer,
Grow. Guriey, John T. Harris, Hatton, HeJmick, Hill,
Hindman, Hoard, Houston, Humphrey, Ilutchms, Francis
W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, KiJhnger, Kunkel, Lamar,
DeWitt C. Leach, Leake, Lee,Loomis,Charles D.Martin,
McKean, MePherson, McRae, Mile?, Millson, Sydenham
Moore, Morrill, Morse, Nixon, Noell, Pendleton, Peyton,
Porter, Potter, Pryor, Pugh, Reagan, Rigg^, Christopher
Robinson, Royce, Ruffin, Schwartz, Sedgwick, Sherman,
Singleton, William Smith,William N. H. Smith, Spaulding,
Spinner, Stalhvortli, Stanton, Stout, Taylor, Thayer, Trim-
ble, Vallandigham, Vandever, Van Wyck, Verree, Wade,
Walton, Cadwalader C. Washburn,We'lls,Windom, Wins-
low. Woodruff, and Wright—103.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldneh, Allen, Alley, Thomas L. An-
derson, William C. Anderson, Ashmore, Babbitt, Barr,
Barrett, Beale, Bonham, Bouligny, Buffinton, Burch, Bur-
lingame, Burroughs, Butterfield, Campbell, Carter, John B.
Clark, Colfax, Conkling, Corwin, Cox, Curtis, Davidson,
John G. Davis, Dawes, Edgerton, Edwards, Ely, Gooch,
Hall, Hamilton. Haskin,Hoiraan, Howard, Hughes, Irvine,
Jackson, Jenkins, Jones, Keitt, Landrum, Logan, Love,
Lovcioy, Maclay, Marston, Maynard, McClernand, Me-
Knight, Moorhead, Edward Joy Morris, Isaac N. Morris,
Nols-on, Niblaek, Pettit, Phelps,* duarles, James C. Robin-
son, Stevenson, Stokes, Theaker, Thomas, Tompkins, Un-
derwood, Eiiihu B. Washburne. Israel Washburn, Web-
ster, Wilson, and Woodson—7*2'.
So the resolution was laid upon the table.
Pending; the above call,
Mr. BARKSDALE said: Mr. Speaker, I want
the question exactly stated. What are we now
voting on, the motion of the gentleman from Ohio,
or the second resolution reported by the com-
mittee ?
