2822
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June II,
do not believe that their time has been at all oc-
cupied in this matter so as in any degree to im-
pose upon them any pecuniary sacrifice. Their
mission was a self-sought one; notimposed upon
them by the sense of the community at all, but
rendered at their earnest instance. Now, these
gentlemen, whose ordinary avocations have not
been at all interrupted by any duties they may
have performed here, come and ask for $3,000 a
piece for them.
Mr. TOOMBS. That is not in the amendment.
Mr. SLIDELL. It is the amendment to the
amendment proposed by the Senator from "Wis-
consin. They ask us, in fact, for the concoction
of a pamphlet, which has been read by the Sen-
ator from Maryland, to pay them $9,000.
Mr. PEARCE. 1 beg leave to say to the Sen-
ator that there is nothing about their pay in this
report.
Mr. SLIDELL. I do not say that; but it is
now proposed to give them $9,000.
Mr. TOOMBS. That amendment is not in or-
der. Where does it come from? It is adding a
new appropriation, and is contrary to the rule.
The amendment of the Senator from Wisconsin is
certainly out of order. The section that I propose
contains no appropriation whatever. There is no
estimate for the sum contained in the amendment
to the amendment, and it does not come from any
committee.
Mr, DOOLITTLE. I supposed I was offering
it on the official character of the Senator from
Maryland—from the Finance Committee—as he
suggested that, if I would offer that amendment,
he would give it his support.
Mr. TOOMBS. I object to it as out of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair does
not understand such a proposition yet to have
been made. It was a mere suggestion of the Sen-
ator from V/isconsin, as the Chair understands it.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope we will take the ques-
tion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment reported by the Senator from
Georgia—by the Committee on Finance.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have another amendment to
offer—the lastone from the Committee on Financc.
For furnishing rooms in the Treasury building for the
office or the Attorney General, §"*2,500.
We have an estimate from that Department for
$5,000, but we supposed that some of the old fur-
niture could be used. A portion of the Treasury
building that is intended for tlie Atttorney Gen-
eral 's ofKce is now being completed and ready for
occupation, which gets rid of the rent of the build-
ing they are in now. They estimated that would
take §5,000; hut, by using the old furniture, the
committee thought that$;2,50U would be sufficient,
and therefore they reduced it to §2,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FITCH. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Priming to offer the following as an
additional section to the bill:
Jind be it further enacted, That the contract made With
Gales & Seaton. under the nineteenth section of mo Act
making appiopriations foi sundiy civil expensed of the
Government, for the year ending; tile 30th of June, 18.VJ,"
approved the 12th of June, 1858, foi the publication 3t a
continuation of the American State Papers be to modified
as to require the publishers 10 defray all the expenses of
selecting, compiling, and arranging the documents proper
to be included in that work; al-o,the expenses of blading,
and ot art engiavmgon copper, *-teel,ami vvooch and for
lithographing which may be considered ncces^ary by the
Seeiutary ot the Senate and the Clerk ot the House of rep-
resentatives, together with the expenses of preparing full
and ptoper indexes for each volume, and a geneial index
ofthe whole \vork,ineiudniy the volumes contained in the
fir^t series.ami all other contingent or incidental expends
whatsoever attending nieh publications: slnd, mcrcoi er,
That the puetJ to b^ allowed to the pubhs>heis or said work
thai! be fifteen prr oetii. les* per volume than the average
price per volume paid forth" fiist series of the same, printed
under the act ot .tfaich -2.1831; and the said volume* shah
be delivered to the Secretaiy ot the Interior as the same
may bu completed, who i-hali place thiee bundled copies
in the Department ot >S?ate lot it3 u-e and tor exchange
with forH'.$n Government*, and seven hundred copies in his
own Depaitment, loi distribution to public hbianes in the
several Stat«-s and Territoi .o-s, and hold the residue of cop-
ies in in? custody fcubject to the further oidci of Congress;
and th" Secretary o' the Treasury is hereby directed to pay
the publishers oi the said wotk.at the iate per volume
above mentioned, out ot any money m the Treasury not
otherwise appropuated, as the same may he delivered to
the Secretary of the lnteiior, and on his certificate of de-
livery ; and so much of the aforesaid nineteenth section of
the act of June 12, to inconsistent with this act be,
* and the &3 ig is bciyt.y, repealed-
Mr. SLIDELL. I should like to hear some
explanation of this amendment. I was the organ
of the committee that made the report the other
day, which has not been printed, in which, I
think, it was demonstrated that this was a most
lucrative contract. Attlie lowest possible calcula-
tion, the net profit that Messrs. Gales & Seaton
will derive from the execution of this work, with-
out having the least labor, the least connection
the least pecuniary expense or responsibility of
any kind, is $08,000. On that they have already
received an advance of §30,000. Wow, I wish to
say, once for all, that 1 have the highest esteem
ant! respect for those gentlemen. I impute no cen-
sure to them; but I do think that this was a very
reckless piece of legislation on the part of Con-
gress. It' the favors of the Government, the pat-
ronage of Congress, can be bestowed upon gen-
tlemeo on account of their political affinities, I do
not know any more worthy recipients than Messrs.
Gales & Seaton.
• 1 do not know what is to be the cffect of this
amendment. I shall oppose it, and feel it my duty
to oppose it strenuously, if it add anything to
the enormous profits that these gentlemen have
already realized, or may realize, on this work. As
I stated before, the lowest possible profit they can
derive from this work is $68,000. The difference
in the cost of this work, if it had been executed
under the ordinary printing laws, and under the
direction of the Superintendent of Public Print-
ing, according to the report of that committee, was,
I think, over seventy thousand dollars. I will not
be certain about the figures; but Mr. Rives, a man
whom everybody here knows is the proprietor of
oneofthelargestpnntingestablishmentsin Wash-
ington, offered to do the work for §3 33 a volume;
and, according to the statement made by Mr.
Towers, who has calculated the cost 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
suggest that the Senator from Louisiana suspend
his remarks until Senators see fit to come to order.
The general conversation so seriously interrupts
the proceedings of the Senate and members ad-
dressing the Senate, that it is incompatible with
the good order of the body.
Mr. SLIDELL. I was going on to state that
the proposition made by Mr. Rives, in writing, to
Messrs. Gales & Seaton to do the work, 1 think
at J3 33 a volume, would, according to the calcu-
lations that were made by competent men, have
given Gales & Seaton a profit of something like
one hundred and thirty thousand dollais. How-
ever, this contract is made. I havi^not a word to
say about it. It was an injudicious one; but we
are bound to make the appropriation, and I am
perfectly willing to make any appropriation that
may be necessary.
Another condition of the contract was, that the
appropriation, in any one year, should not exceed
§25,000. Now, as to the effect of this amend-
ment—1 did not know it was to be offered, and
have heard it very imperfectly as read from the Sec-
retary's desk—it seems to me to take off all limit
as to the time withm which this work may be
executed. It may be executed in a year or two;
and the whole sum, $340,000, the expenditure of
which was to have extended over twelve years,
may be reduced to one or two. Of course, I take
it for granted the Senator from Indiana will give
us some explanation of the effect that will be pro-
duced by this amendment, and whether it goes
to increase the already exorbitant profits of this
work.
Mr. FITCH. Mr. President, I perfectly agree
with the Senator fiom Louisiana that, in its in-
eipiency, the legislation relative to these State
Papers was somewhatreckless—careless atleast—
but the contract is made; it is being executed; and
no money has ever been appropriated to pay for
the service rendered and work done. Some five
volumes are now ready for delivery, for which
the publishers have received nothing. Worse tlian
that, they have, in the prosecution of their work,
made sub-contracts with paper makers, binders,
| engravers, &c., upon the understanding that these
i men were to be paid when we, Congress, paid
! the publisheis. The engravers are now peti-
tioning—1 have Aeir petitions here, which were
referred to the Committee on Printing by the
Senate—asking their pay. Not a ccnt has been
appropriated for any of them.
In answer to the Senator's statement relative to
Mr. Rives's offer, I have simply to say—although
I am sorry lie called attention to it—that the offer
itself evinced an animus, a feeling towards the
publishers and those ho supposed about to do the
printing, which'I regret to sec in the gentleman
who made the offer. He made the offer when he
muet have known the contract had been entered
into, and his offer could not be accepted. But,in
the volume of evidence taken before the select
committee, of which the Senator from Louisiana
is a member, is Mr. Rives's estimate of the cost
of the work according to the price paid for con-
gressional printing; an estimate made at the re-
quest of the Senator from Louisiana. He esti-
mates one volume of eleven hundred pages to cost
§5 33; and iie estimates the binding of this vol-
ume at sixty-three cents, when it is notorious that
the binding will cost one half more than that, if
not as much again. The book is, in every re-
spect, superior to that upon which he perhaps
made his estimate—the Congressional Globe. The
binding is superior; the paper is superior; the
work in every respect is superior; and it is an
error to compare the price of one with the other.
But this is not the (juestion. The contract ia
made; shall we fulfill it? I held r. seat upon this
floor at the time the original proposition passed,
but did not vote for it, and would not now as aa
original proposition. It passed, however. The
contract was made with a limitation that the ap-
propriations should not exceed §25,000 per an-
num. Even that limitation has not been complied
with. Wo have not appropriated one dime, and
two years have passed by; some five volumes of
the work completed, and, if I mistake not, the
sixth perhaps ill press. We cannot reduce the
price, because we have made the contract. We
do not propose to increase it. The effect of the
proposition is simply this: the first series was
paid for at the average rate of certainly not more
than §11 50 per volume. In addition to the price
paid the publishers, Congress paid the clerks for
compiling the work and for indexing, and paid
other incidentals. The publishers came before the
Senate last session, and asked that an amendment
of the contract should be authorized, by which they
were to receive tile same amount per volume paid
for the first series, obligating themselves to pay
these incidental expenses. That proposition was
before the Senate Committee on Printing. The
committee declined to report ill favor of it; but
did repoit in favor of a modification of the prop-
osition by which the publishers were to receive
§10 50 per volume, defraying all these incidental
expenses. That amendment was adopted by the
Senate; but failed, I believe, by some disagree-
ment between vis and the House.
Upon a close scrutiny into the cost of the work,
the committee this year concluded to offer an
amendment modifying the contract so as to give
the publishers fifteen per cent, less than the aver-
age price ofthe first series, they defraying all the
incidental expenses. They were brought to this
conclusion by the figures. Take the highest aver-
age price estimated to have been paid for the first
series, $11 50 per volume; fifteen per cent, less
than §11 50 would leave §9 78 per volume, and
from this amount the incidental expenses to be
defrayed by the publishers arc to be taken. We
had no data, of course, by which to estimate the
amount of these incidental expenses, exeepttheir
cost to us, the Government. A private individ-
ual may possibly so manage the work that the
cost will be less 'to him; but we take the probable
cost to ourselves, and we find that there will be,
of incidentals, from two to three dollars per vol-
ume. Deducting, then, the minimum of this esti-
mate from the amount left after deducting fifteen
per cent., and you have a few cents increase upon
the present price of the volume; deducting the
maximum, and it is a decrease. If, as is very prob-
able, uponaclosescrutiny,theaveragc priceof the
first series should be found to be less than §11 50
per volume, the present price, under this amend-
ment, will lie correspondingly decreased. If, there-
fore, the incidentals cost them what they would
doubtless cost us*they will actually get less per
volume, some five, six, or eight cents, or more.
If they can manage these incidental expenses—
fer instance, make a special contract with the
clerks to do this work for less than they have a
ri ht to expect now; if they can make a contract
with engravers and lithographers to do the work
less than the current prices paid them by Con-
gress, they can get a little increase per volume
