1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1879
have excluded Kentucky, was it not bad faith to '
exclude Missouri ? because in the ordinance es-
tablishing the territorial governmentof Missouri,
in 1812, there was no Wilmot proviso, no prohi-
bition of slavery. Bat slavery was permitted, as
we ask it shall be permitted now, it was protected
by the courts, and no complaint was urged within
the Territory of Missouri, in regard to this ques-
tion of slavery until she applied for admission
intotheUnion. If your anti-slavery party, which
I charge is the cause of all the evils with which
this country is afflicted, was rightthen inexclud--
ing Missouri, because she did notabolish slavery,
your forefathers were wrong in admitting Ken-
tucky. Either they were wrong and you are
right, or you are wrqjig and they were right. Be-
tween the two I have no hesitation m my choice.
Regarded as patriots, regarded as intelligent men,
considered as men who regarded their oaths, I
have no hesitation in saying I believe they were
equally as honest as the Republican party of the
present day.
' In 1793 they gave us the fugitive slave law,
there being only seven votes in opposition to it,
and some of those were from the South, I think—
a law, which if we attempt to enforce in the north-
ern States we are met by mobs, and bloodshed
frequently follows. No southern man dares go
into some portions of the northern States and at-
tempt to execute this law, except at the peril of
his life.
Such was the action of the founders of the Re-
public, whose example we are constantly called
upon to imitate. Tennessee was admitted in 1796,
with slavery. The Territory of Mississippi was
organized in 1798, bv the application of the ordi-
nance of 1787 to that Territory, and the restriction
as to slavery removed. Thatwas legislation under
the Constitution. These are the precedents we
are to follow, and we are not to go behind the
Constitution and follow the precedent of 1787,
when the relation of the States was entirely dif-
ferent from what it is now.
Ah! but you say, Mr. Jefferson thought sla-
very was a great wrong. But the acquisition
of Louisiana in 1804 was a great right. Mr. Jef-
ferson was then President of the Republic. He
represented the people of the free States, and he'
represented the people of the slave States; and no
matter what his private opinion might have been
upon the question of slavery, or upon the ques-
tion of religion, or upon any other question, we,
as legislators sitting in this Hall, acting under
oath, as he did, have nothing to do with vour
private opinions upon the subject; but we have
something to do with your legislative action; and
I call upon you, acting under oath, as Jefferson
did, to imitate his example. He acquired Lou-
isiana through the instrumentality of Livingston
and Monroe. Slavery existed in the Territory
of Louisiana by the treaty by which she was ac-
quired, and by that her inhabitants were guaran-
tied their rights of property.
Louisiana was admitted into the Union, in 1812,
as a slave State. I know that specious objec-
tions are made in these cases. The objection
has been made that in Tennessee, in Kentucky,
and in Mississippi, slavery already existed; but
acting upon the principle upon which gentlemen
here propose to legislate, that*vhatever is wrong
and evil can produce nothing but evil—and you
must follow it to its results, no matter where it
leads you—no question of policy can be enter-
tained. Why diij these eminent opponents of sla-
very, as they are called, and to whose opinions
we are constantly referred, increase the slave
flbwer, and encourage slavery aggression, as you
term it? The only aggression slaveholders have
ever made upon the free States, is a demand that
they should let this matter alone. Why do not
members of Congress, assembled within these
Halls, imitate the legislation of these menr I as-
Sure you there was no such restrictive legislation
in the Constitution, nor under the Constitution,
up to 1820; fur in 1813, undcrthe Administration
of Madison, I believe, slaves were recognized as
property, and taxed by the Government; and in
1814, in the treaty of peace with Great Britain, itis
again expressly stipulated that all slaves and other
private property—I use the very language of the
treaty—in the possession of either of the bellig-
erent parties, should be returned to the other.^
And yet we are told that we are the cause of all
these mischiefs, because wo do not join with you
I in the declaration that there can be no such thing
J as property in man; and that we have departed
i from the examjSe of our forefathers in not joining
; in that declaration. Sir, I would not use an un-
parliamentary phrase; I would not say one word
i calculated to widen the breach which now exists
| between the different members of this Confeder-
| acy, for God knows no one deprecates it more
, than I do; but I do say that intelligent gentlemen
| who stand upon this flooVand make that declara-
| tion, ignore the whole legislation of this Govern-
ment, from the formation of the Constitution up
J to the Missouri difficulty, in 1820. I say, if they
1 are familiar with the legislative acts of their fore-
j fathers, they must know they are uttering that
i which is not true, when they say their example
teaches us that those men opposed slavery in every
, shape and form in which we have legislative power.
, Mississippi was admitted into the Union in
1817, and no objection was raised that she was a
! slave State. But it was in 1819-20 that the strug-
gle began for which you propose to hold us re-
| sponsible. Why, sir, after the Government had
gone on thirty years without question, having
; never asked, when a State applied for admission,
; whether she was free or whether she was slave;
j while the whole country was living in harmony
| and brotherly love and affection; while the south-
[! ern State was proud of the prosperity and happi-
1 ness of the northern State, and the people of the
; northern States rejoiced at the prosperity of the
j people of the South, this hydra-headed monster
1 of anti-slavery was then first produced; and from
|J that day to this it has stood, " black as night,
fierce as ten furies, terrible as hell," and has
!; shaken the Union from one end to the other,
j. What was the cause of the agitation of 1820?
i After you had encouraged the citizens of Virginia
|' and Kentucky and other States to settle in Mis-
j souri, by protecting slave property in the courts of
i justice, you turned round and said that Missouri
: should not be admitted unless she relinquished
, the right thereafter to hold slaves; and you kept
j her out of the Union for one year. The South,
with that compromising and generous spirit—I
say so in no spirit of egotism, for I am describing
! the people whom I represent, and not myfcelf—
: came forward and executed that memorable re-
linquishment, agreeing that slavery should not
'■ go north of 36° 30' if you would permit Missouri
i to come into the Union. While we have voted
;j for the admission of free State after free State,
| without making it aquestifh; while we were then
i< ready to vote for the admission of Maine, you
i turned round and ungenerously—what your mo-
! i tives may have been God only knows; whether to
promote your political power or not it is not for
li me to say—forbid Missouri coming into the Union
I; unless she relinquished the right to hold slaves.
|! Now, sir, who departed from the lessons of wis-
:) dom taught by the fathers of the Republic? Most
li of them then slept in their tombs, and a wiser
! and purer and holier race (in their own estima-
j. tion) had supplanted them; and "the sin against
] God and the crime against humanity" had to be
i! blotted from Missouri, or she could hold no place
I'in the Union.
However, you made a good trade, and then the
j! objection to the " sin against God and the crime
!! against humanity," was waived for a considera-
l' tion. You excluded the people of the South from
all the territory north of 36° 30', and then Mis-
j: souri was admitted into the Union with slavery.
[Here the hammer fell.]
!; Mr. LANDRUM. I would thank the commit-
I: tee to extend my time for ten minutes longer.
: General assent was given.
;1 Mr. LANDRUM. I shall have to pass over a
i number of points which I should have liked to
i touch on, and will only make this remark: that hav-
!• ing all the time a majority m the House of Rep-
! resentatives, and having secured an ultimate pre-
:'> ponderance in theScnatc. you passed the tariff bills
'! of 18ti4 and 1S28, in which the southern section,
j, now securely in a minority, were to be made trib-
: utary to promote and pamper the industry of the
I, Noith. Then came the opposition to the annex-
! I ation of Texas, because it was a slave State. Then
ji came the Wilmot proviso for Oregon, and for^lie
:■ territory acquired from Mexico. Then followed
the struggle of 18o6, when you boldly inscribed
!: on your banner:(i No more slave States to be ad-
■i mittcd into the Union." At all events, you m-
li sisted on " prohibition to slavery in the Territo-
ries, " and announced that our system of label' was
a "twin relic of barbarism" with polygamy.
Then followed the enunciation, in the platform of
•great popular party, which struggled almost suc-
cessfully for the government of the country, that
the whole people of the South who owned slaves
were living in that state of pollution and degrada-
tion which characterizes the polygainist. -
Yet we are told that we are the cause of all the
trouble, because we do not join in the hue-and-cry.
Now, sir, what is the state of parties? The great-
est man, perfiaps, of the Republican party—cer-
tainly the greatest in influence, and the one whose
prospects are first for the Presidency—has de-
clared that the three billions of property which we
own must be destroyed, stating that" you and I
must do it," meaning that it must be done by the
present generation. Then follows the resolution
of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Blake,] voted
for by sixty members ofthe House, declaring that
slavery ought to be abolished wherever the Gov-
ernment 1ms the power to do it.
The gentleman from Connecticut [Mr. Ferry]
will recollect his declaration that some of us may
live to see fifty sovereignties of this Confederacy;
and when that day comes, it will be their duty to
change the Constitution and to abolish slavery.
And yet gentlemen seem to wonder that the peo-
ple of the South are talking about new guards for
their safety. Sir, the maxim laid down by Jeffer-
son, that Governments should not be abolished
for light or trajpient causes, is most true; but no
less true is the maxim that a people are always
disposed to endure evils so long as they are en-
durable, rather than right themselves by abolish-
ing the fornjs to which they are accustomed. Sir,
what may be the action of Louisiana, in any con-
tingency that may arise, it is not for me to state.
I believe that the people of my State have too
much at stake to attempt to change their present
institutions, or to make any new arrangement for
light or transient causes. We have an immense
wealth, a vast commerce, & city trading with all
the States ofthe Union, whose forests of masts,
with the flags of all nations floating in the harbor,
denote that her commerce is coextensive with the
globe. The levee of her commercial emporium
literally trembles, in a frontage of nine miles, from
the superincumbent merchandise. Reluctantly,
most reluctantly, would that people take any steps
which by possibility could involve us in civil war
and commotion; and great, indeed, must have
been their apprehension when they adopted, in
convention, March 15, 1860, me following reso-
lution:
"That, in case of the election of a President on the
avowed principles of the Black Republican party, we con-
cur in the opinion tiiat Louisiana siiouid meet in council
her sister slaveliolding States, to consult as to tlie means of
future protection."
I have no idea that I am mistaken, when I state
that no action will be taken under that resolution,
except on the most mature deliberation. But, sir,
whenever the geople of Louisiana believe that
their institutions are in danger, and that it is the de-
liberate purpose of those who may get control of
the Government to spread over them that dark and
benighted pall which hangs like an incubus over
the Central and South American Republics and
the West India Islands that have emancipated
their slaves, 1 tell you they will act. And what-
ever course the majority ofherpeoplemay choose
to take, her sons will sustain it with their lives,
their fortunes, and their sacred honor.
Mr. VANDEVER next addressed the commit-
tee on the political questions of the day. [His
speech will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama, obtained the floor.
Mr. FLORENCE. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a motion that the committee rise?
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama. I will, unless itis
the desire to continue longer in session.
Mr. VERREE. I would like to submit some
remarks this evening.
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama. I will yield for
that purpose, provided it is the understanding that
I shall have the floor the next time the House re-
solves itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection,
that will be the understanding.
There was no objection.
Mr. VERREE. ' Mr. Chairman, it is with no
expectation of shedding any fresh light upon a
