1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
282f
That is their look-out, and not ours. Our esti-
mate—and the only correct one that we can make—
is the probable cost to us in the ordinary manner
in which these things are managed by Congress.
Then, in addition to the fact that it increases
very little, if at all, the present price which wo
pay to the publishers, it relieves us from persist-
ent efforts which were commenced at the last ses-
sion, and which will be persisted in until they
are finally favorably received and favorably acted
upon, to pay these incidental expenses to clerks
and others. We never will get rid of them. Ulti-
mately, the money will be appropriated and these
expenses paid. We have evidences in the peti-
tions, to which I have already alluded, from en-
gravers asking for their pay. We have evidence
from the personal statements of our own clerks.
They expect, andjustly expect, compensation for
this extra-official duty. It is a duty done by
them out of office hours, and, 1 can well perceive,
a laborious one—one for which they are well en-
titled to additional compensation. If Gales &
Seaton will defray this expense, and all other in-
cidental expenses connected with the publication,
I, for one, although no party by my vote to the
original contract, am perfectly willing, and more
than willing, that the contract should be modified
as this amendment proposes.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to ask the
Senator from Indiana whether he has before him
the original provision we made about these State
papers ?
Mr. FITCH. I have.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will you be kind enough
to read it ?
Mr. FITCH. I will. It is the nineteenth sec-
tion of the act making appropriations for certain
civil expenses of the Government for the year
ending the 30lh of June, 1859:
"See. 11). Jlndbcit further enacted, That the Sccrctary
of the Berate and Clerk of the House of Repiesentatives
be, and they are heieby, directed to continue down to the
4tti oi* March, lb59, the compilation of the congressional
documents, published by Congress, under Uie name of the
Avncuoan State Papeis. in the same manner n* the fiist
peri"- thereof, under the'authority of the act of Congress of
.Match 2. J*31, a*:d the joint resolution of Congrrs* of
March 2/ldoJ, and with the same particular index to each
cUs", and a general index to the work. And the said Scc-
letary and Ole^k are heieby directed to contract with Gales
&, Beaton, the publishers of the firstsericsthereol,ibrpub-
lifrhing th« same, not to exceed two thousand copies in
mimltci, sua price pei volume not exceeding that paid for
the fiist &erie-, to be delivered to the Secretary of the In-
terior a* the same mav be published; and iho said Sccrc-
tarv of the Interior shall place thiee hundred copies in the
Department of State for its use, and foi exchange with for-
ei'in Governments, and seven hundred copies m his own
I>i-p«;itinent. for distribution to public hbsaries m the sev-
eiai States and Territories, and hold the residue ot tiie_
conies in his cu^ortv, subject to the further direction ot
Oonzrest.-: Provided, "That the prices or rate< to be paid for
the printing of this woik shall not cxceed^ those paid at
present for the printing of the documents ot Congress, in-
cluding paper and bindinji, having i-gaid to the quality ana
value of the mateiialused and work done : Provided,
the cost of the publication shall not exceed $340.01,0, and
that not moro than $2o,000 shall be required lor the pur-
pose during the next fiscal year."
it will be seen, therefore, that if there is an
enormous profit on the work the fault is in the
prices allowed by law for congressional printing.
This is the same.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I opposed
this thing at the time that it was passed, and I had
done so tor several years previously. Them had
been an effort made for several years to get up a
job for Gales &. Seaton. When it was passed,an
amendment was inserted, I think on_ motion of
the Senator from Georgia, which modified it very
much, and then 1 belief it obtained his vote.
Mr. TOOMBS. No, sir. I voted against it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I did not know how that
was. The provision which has justbeen read by
the Senator from Indiana covers the whole ex-
pense, and was intended to cover the whole ex-
pense,of publishing1 these State Papers and aoh\-
erin- the volumes. Gales & Seaton were to have
,i certain sum for the work. Ihey were to be at
liberty to receive pay to a certain amount under
the rules there given, each year. 1 do not see
that there is any propriety m railing upon us to
pav any part of these bills. The Senator from
Indiana savs we are flooded with petitions trom
people who have been engaged upon tins work,
to pay their bills. They have no right to call
upon us. They must go to Gales & bcaton, who
contracted to perform the work, ii H is not so,
I hope the Senator Aom Indiana will explain by
what ri^ht it is that they come to us to pay tnom
for any of the bills that are thus contracted for, or
for the work they have already done ? The con-
tract has beengivei; out to these gentlemen, and it
does not seem to be disputed that they have a very
valuable one.
Now, sir, what makes me suspicious of this
proposition is this: we really understand very
little of what is to be accomplished by these jobs
when they are undertaken. We do not get from
the people who urge them upon us the truth with
reference to them, and we never shall get the
truth; and every modification that is proposed to
be made, in my belief, covers some additional
job that v,-e cannot understand, and never shall
until we come to pay the bills. I have no doubt
the Senator from Indiana has looked into it very
carefully, and that he thinks he understands it;
but I have as little doubt that ho knows as little
about it as I should under the same circumstances,
or any member of the Senate who undertook to
examine that matter, and would bo misled pre-
cisely just as much; that is to say, in relative pro-
portion to their intelligence.
The Senator is not a printer, nor an engraver,
nor am I, nor are any of us, and we cannot un-
derstand these things; and all experience has
proved, from the beginning of the Government,
that we never do come to an understanding of
them until we come to pay the bills; and then wo
know. Sir, I recollect when the amendment was
moved by the honorable Senator from Georgia to
the original proposition, we were beset all around
here with declarations that it would destroy the
whole thing; that they never could publish the
State Papers under it; that they would throw up
the contract; that it could not bo done; that that
provision would sf limit it that they could not
possibly afford to carry on this job at all; that
we should not have these State Papers published;
that they could not make anything out of them;
that if it was so modified, it could not pay the
expenses. That was iterated and reiterated until
we passed it m the Senate, and until it was passed
in the House. It was said by gentlemen all about
here, " if that is adopted, it is the end of it; they
I cannot sell it for anything, and will lose money
if they undertake to carry it on." 'There was a
great outcry all around the lobbies of the build-
ing. Whether it was said by Gales & Seaton,
individually, I do not know.
Now, it turns out, we have been paying enoim-
ous prices under our law for printing. That is
conceded since it has been examined by commit-
tees of this body; that the prices we pay are very
large, and that, under this provision that was
placed upon it by the Senate, we pay them, I sup-
pose, double what this printing could be done for
by other persons. They have got a large and
valuable contract, out of which it is now seen they
are to make a great deal of money, and would
have make a great deal more, but for the foresight
and care of the Senator from Georgia in making
this amendment; and until I can understand more
about it, 1 am utterly opposed to interfering with
it. Let them carry on the bargain they have got,
and bo content with the profits out of it. I am
onposod any longer—to use plain terms about it
—to this Congress voting money for the support
and building-up of broken down politicians on
cither side, whether they are old Whigs or old
Democrats. We have done it enough. All tnese
gentlemen have friends here, and they apply to
their friends, and those who do not apply person-
ally get others to do it tor them; and thus Con-
gress lias been in the habit of getting up jobs for
the benefit of people who have rendered^ services
in their day, until we have at last depleted the
Treasury sufficiently for that purpose. i will
vote for nothing of the. kind, under any circum-
stances.' I was opposed to it before, and I am
opposed to it still. . .
Mr. FITCH. I wish to call the attention ot
the Senator a moment to his assumption that these
trentlemen—the publishers—are bound to ueiiay
all these incidental expenses. Does the Senator
suppose, when we pay our Pi niter for printing
ccitain manuscript bills or reports, that he is to
pay the cieiks fur making m copying too man-
uscripts * We employ and pay our clerks for pro-
pal ing and ai ranging manuscript and other uiatU-i
for the Printer. • , .1 ,
Mr. FESSENDEN. I take it, by tnat pro-
vision made originally, they are to execute the
work and deliver it at so much per \oluaic.
Mr. FITCH. But certainly the manuscript or
other matter is to be supplied them precisely, as
the manuscript, &c., is supplied to our Printer.
When we, under our laws, give out any congres-
sional document, the engraving is a separate and .
distinct thing; and the man who takes the print-
ing does not take the engraving.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That was not understood^
It was understood that these men were to make
the compilation.
Mr. FITCH. Then the law was not sufficiently
accurate to accomplish the Senator's understand-
ing. That was his fault, not mine.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator will allow
me a moment, I want to explain, so that if there
is a misunderstanding about it, we may know
what it is. It was stated by the committee—and
I think it is true—that all these arc public docu-
ments which are to be collected. I supnosea very
great majority of them are already printed. They
are to be selected from volumes that were printed
from year to year. Weprinteverythingthattakes
place here—all the State papers, all the reports—
and they are scattered through a great many vol-
umes. It is to be a selection of what are called
State Papers, and there may be some others; but
that is the great mass. They are to make the com-
pilation, and, of course, have all facilities afforded
thefti; but I do not see that wo should furnish
them with manuscript.
Mr. FITCH. It is quite sufficient, Mr. Pres-
ident, that we omitted, if it was an omission, to
require of them the payment of these incidental
expenditures. There is nothing in the contract
..obligating them to pay clerks, either for copying
or compiling. Grant you that three fourths of it
is a compilation; yet that compilation involves the
necessity of wading through volume after volume.
If the publishers themselves were to make this
compilation, the work might swell into much
greater dimensions than it is likely to do now un-
der the charge of our clerks, who arc far.more
competent, or if not more competent, at least have
not that interest in the magnitude of the work that
the publishers would have. But look at the con-
tract. The Senator from Maine is a lawyer, and
I will ask his attention, as such, to the reading ot
the contract.
Mr. FESSENDEN. - The contract is the law.
Mr. FITCII. Yes, sir; the contract is tlm law.
The Senator heard me read it, and I am perfectly
willing to leave it to the legal gentlemen in the
, Senate to say whether that law, or the contract
under it, obligates these publishers to defray all
these incidental expenses. Certainly, the con-
tract, with the exception of the provisoes, is al-
most identical with the old contract for the pub-
lication of the first series, and it is notorious that
we did pay most or all the incidental expenses
under that contract. Congress made appropri-
ations from time to time for the payment of cler-
ical hire, and extra compensation to clerks. Sen-
ators, in view of that fact, had no right to expect
they were binding these gentlemen to defray these
expenses, which, under a similar contract, we had
ourselves formerly paid.
Mr. BAYARD. What do you call incidental
expenses?
Mr. FITCII. The compilation, engraving, and
I pav of clerks. There are from three to four clerks
i in "each branch of Congress, during the recess,
engaged upon this compilation. 1 hey are engaged
perhaps four or five months ill the yeai upon all
average. They expect, and justly expect, during
that period, double pay. We have paid them tnat
heretofore, and I fancy they have the very same
. i-Mit to ask us for extra official pay that our for-
i eign agents have. It is notorious, that when we
i send one of them from one court to another to
I perform a little additional sen ice, he requires,
| not only traveling expenses, but asks double pay,
I and has always succeeded 111 obtaining it, with
i the exception of one, and I think with the Sen-
I ator's vote. These clerks have the same right to
1 expect double compensation. They will ask it,
! and I very much mistake the temper of the Sen-
| ate if they do not ultimately obtain it. Thcre-
I fore, I believe that the modification is one of
I economy for us. .
] The Senator says that I am no printer or en-
i "raver. I grant it. Neither do I seek lnforma-
!i tion from printers or engravers interested in the
II publication of this work. Of those from whom the
I! committee have sought information, less has been
