1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
859
which the resolution was agreed to; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
INFLUENCE ON VOTES OF MEMBERS.
Mr. HOARD. I desire to offer the following
resolution:
Resolved, Tliat a committee of five be appointed by the
Speaker to inquire and investigate whether any improper
attempt-' have been, or are being, made by any person con-
nected with the present executive department of this Gov-
ernment, or by any person acting under their advice or con-
sent, to influence the action of this House, or any of its
members, upon any questions or measures upon which the
Hou^o of Representatives has acted, or which it has under
consideration, directly or indirectly, by any promise, offer,
or intimation of employment, pationage, office, or favors,
under the Government, or under any Department, officer, or
servant thereof, to be conferred or withheld in considera-
tion of any vote given, or to be given, withheld, or to be
withheld,"with power to send for persons and papers, and
leave to report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. WINSLOW. I must object to the intro-
duction of that resolution at the present time.
Mr. HOARD. I believe it is a privileged ques-
tion.
Mr. WINSLOW. I riseto a question of order. 1
Mr. HOARD. I desire to read the decision of
the Speaker of the last House of Representatives
upon this identical resolution.
Mr. WINSLOW. Is this matter debatable ?
The SPEAKER. It is not; but the Chair would
be very happy to hear the decision of the last
Speaker upon the subject, if there be one.
Mr. HOUSTON. It matters not what the
Speaker of the last House of Representatives may
have decided. But more than that, there is busi-
ness before the House now that will prevent this
resolution from coming in. This is a mere reso- :
lution of inquiry, and I am perfectly willing that
the gentleman should have it at the proper time;
but I want the regular order of business now.
Mr. HOARD. I can make a statement which
I think will satisfy the House that this is a priv-
ileged question: but if it is the desire of the House,
I will withdraw it for the present, and present it
at some future time.
Mr. FLORENCE. I call for the regular order
of business.
committee of the whole.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I move that
the rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has decided on one
or two occasions that the regular order of busi-
ness must be first taken up and disposed of, before
the House can enter upon any other business,
unless it is passed over by unanimous consent, or
hy an order of the House. That regular order of
business is the election of a Printer.
Mr. HOUSTON. I call for that regular order
of business.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. If! understand
the rules, a motion to suspend the rules to go into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union is always in order; but the Speaker rules
that the motion cannot be made. I think I can
attain the object I desire by another motion. I
move to postpone the special order, the election
of Printer, until Thursday next.
Mr. Mc.CLERNAND. I demand the yeas and
nays.
Mr. BURCH. 1 move to lay the motion on
the table.
Mr. BURNETT. I hope the gentleman from
California will withdraw his motion to lay upon
the table, and let us have a square vote upon the
motion to postpone; and upon the motion of the
gentleman from Maine, I demand the yeas and
nays.
Mr. BURCH. I withdraw my motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 85, nays 82; as follows:
YEAS—Messi* Charle* F. Adams, Green Adams, Aid-
rich. Aiby, William C. Anderson, Babbitt, JJeale, Bing-
ham'. Blair, Bldke. Crajton, Bufiiaton, Burhngame, Burn-
ham, Butter held, Carey, Carter, Colfax, Con k ling, Corwm,
CuiTis, U. Winter Davn, Dawes, Dunn, Edgerton, Ed-
wards, Eliot, Ely, Kthcridae. Fenton, Feiry, Foster, Gooch,
Grow, Guricy, Ua kin, Ilatton, flclnnck, Iloard, Hum-
phrey! riutchin?. Frvme, Fiancis VV\ Kellogg, William Kcl-
losg. ICilgore, Killtnger, DeWitt U. Loach, Lee, Loomis,
Lovejoy, Marston, McKean, McKmght. McPherson, Mill-
ward, Moorlioad. Morrill, Edwatd Joy Morris, Mor-so,
Nixon, Pcjttu, Poiter, Potter, Christopher Robinson, Uoyce,
Schwartz, Sedgwick, Sherman, Spauiding, Spinner. Stan-
ion, Thayer, Theaker, Tompkins, Trimbk', Verree,Wade,
Walton, Cadwalader C. Washburn, EUihu B. Washburne,
Israel Washburn, Wells, Wilson, Wiudom, and Wood-
ruff—85.
NAYS—Messrs. Adrain, Allen, Thomas L. Anderson,
Ashniore, Avery, Barksdale, Barr, Bairett, Bonham,
Bovee, Brabson, Branch, Bristow, Burch, Burnett, John
B. "Clark, Clopton, Cobb, John Cochrane, Coopers Cox,
James Craig, Button Craigc, Curry, Davidson, Reuben
Davis, De Jarnette,Edmundsori, Florence, Gartrell, Gilmer,
Hamilton, Hardeman, Hindman, Holuian. Houston, How-
ard, Hughe*, Jackson, Jenkins, Jones, Keitt, Laiidrum,
Leake, Logan, Love,Maclay, Charles D.Martin, Elbert S,
Martin, Mavnard, MeClcrnand, McRae, Miles, Millson,
Sydenham Moore, Isaac N. Morris, Niblack,Noell, Pendle-
ton, Peyton, Phelps, i'ryor, Pugh, Quarles, Reagan,JRigg*,
James C. Robinson, Ruffin, Sickles. Singleton, William
Smith, William N. H. Smith, StaJlworth, Stevenson,
Stokes. Stout, Taylor, Thomas, Undeiwood, Vallandig-
ham, Winslow, and Wright—82.
So the election of Printer was postponed until
Thursday noxt. ,
' During the call,
Mr. BOULIGNY stated that, had he been in
his seat when his name was called, he would have
voted in the negative.
Mr. MONTGOMERY stated that he had paired
off with Mr. Jcnkin on the question of the elec-
tion of a Printer, and on all other questions 011
which they differed.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, stated that he had
paired off with Mr. Covode upon all questions
connected with the election of a Printer.
Mr. HALL stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Mallory upon the election of a Printer.
Mr. GROW stated that Mr. Stevens had
paired off with Mr. Clemens.
Mr. ASHMORE stated that Mr. McQueen
had paired off with Mr. Vandever upon the elec-
tion of a Printer.
Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Vandever understands
that he is paired off upon all questions with Mr. j
McQueen.
Mr. ASHMORE. I have a memorandum left
with me by Mr. McQueen. It says he is paired
off with Mr. Vandever upon the election of a
Printer only.
Mr. CURTIS. My colleague understands him-
self paired off upon all questions.
Mr. VAN WYCK stated that he was paired
off with Mr. Briggs.
The result was then announced as above re-
corded.
president's annual message.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine'. I now move
that the rules be suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended; and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Wash-
burne, of Illinois, in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of the last annual message of the
President of the United States, on which Mr.
Lamar was entitled to the floor.
Mr. LAMAR addressed the committee for an
hour upon the relations of the North and South
affecting; the slavery question. [His speech will
be published m the Appendix.]
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, followed with an
hour's speech upon the resolutions of the Legis-
ture of the State of Maryland, censuring him for
the vote given by him for the present Speaker of
the House. [His remarks will be published in
the Appendix.]
Mr. McPHERSON obtained the floor; but
yielded to Mr. Shersiax, who moved that the
committee do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Washburne, of Illinois,
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had had under consideration
the state of the Union generally, and particularly
the last annual message of the President of the
United States, and had come to no resolution
thereon.
adj0i7rxmext to thursday.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that when the House
adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet on Thursday
| next.
The motion was agreed to.
| Mr. SHERMAN I move that the House do
j now adjourn.
i The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
j ten minutes past five o'clock, p. m.) the House
I adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 93, I860. *
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gorley.
The Journal ofTucsday was readand approved
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented the
memorial of George M. Willing, Delegate to Con-;
gress from the proposed Territory of Jefferson,
praying the speedy organization of a territorial
government therefor; which was referred to the
Committee on Territories.
Mr. HARLAN presented a petition of citizens
of New York, praying Congress to pass a law to
prevent all further traffic in, and monopoly of, the
public lands of tile United States, and that the'y
be laid out in falms or lots for the free and ex-
clusive use of actual settlers; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented a communication from C.T.
Smead, of Waverly, Iowa, in favor of increased
mail facilities in the State of Iowa; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. GWIN presented a memorial of the trus-
tees and others, residents and occupants of the
town of Union, in Humboldt county, in the State
of California, praying that the corporate authori-
ties of that town be authorized to enter the whole
of the lands embraced within the corporate limits
of that town, upon the payment of the minimum
price therefor; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims.
He also presented a joint resolution of the Le-
gislature of California, in f^vor of the passage of
an act creating, with convenient boundaries, anew
Territory in western Utah; which was referred
to the Committee on Territories, and ordered to
be printed.
He also presented a resolution of the Legisla-
ture of California, asking for an appropriation to
pay for surveying the public lands of that State;
winch was referred to the Committee on Finance,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SEWARD. I present the memorial of the
Chamber of Commerce of the. city of New York
on the subject of international law in relation to
damages resulting from collisions at sea. The
subject is one of vast importance, and is very ably
treated in this memorial. I move that the memo-
rial bo referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and that it be printed, which motion for printing,
I suppose, will go to the Committee on Printing.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The memorial
will be referred to the Committee on theJudiciary;
and the motion to print will go to the Committee
011 Printing
Mr. PUGH presented a memorial of members
of the bar and officers of the court for the second
judicial district of the United States territorial
court for Utah, praying that the salary of the judge
for that district may be increased; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. MALLORY presented a memorial of the
Mayor and Board of Aldermen of the city of
Pensacola, Florida, praying that the title of the
United Stales to certain lots in that city may be
released to that city; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. KING presented a petition of citizens of
the State of New York, praying the enactment of
a law granting pensions to the few remaining sol-
diers of the war of 1812, and to the widows of
those deceased; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. HAMMOND presented the memorial of
C. M. Mordecai, praying that the Postmaster
General may be directed to contract with him for
the transportation of the mails between Charles-
ton and Havana, and that Congress will grant
him relief as may he deemed just, equitable, and
expedient; which was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. HAUN presented a joint resolution of the
Legislature of California, in favor of the survey
and establishment of the eastern boundary of that
State; which was referred to the Committee on
Territories, and ordered to be printed.
papers withdrawn and referred.
On motion of Mr. WADE, it was
Ordered, That Milo Rutliff'and Levi H. Case have leave
to withdraw tiieir memorial and papers from the files of the
Senate.
