I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL Gf-LOBE.
437
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Despotism of Slavery—Mr. Van WycJc.
Ho. oi? Reps.
courage and honor will threaten Representatives
with personal combat, stigmatize them as liars
and scoundrels, negro thieves, and perjured vil-
lains, merely on account of opinions expressed in
debater While the country has already denouueed
as disgraceful, scenes which have here transpired,
let a deliberate judgment hold them alonr respons-
ible who have created them.
The great Constantino, who has been the ad-
miration of all Christendom for his virtues, ban-
ished Anus and his associates for opinions'sake;
and, no worse than the Christian chtvalnc South,
denounced death against all with'whom his books
should be found. An aged ministerof the Gospel,
a native of the South, until recently was confined
in one of your prisons in North Carolina for sell-
ing a hook to free white men. But you say the
book savored of treason. This pretext, in every
age, has shed the best blood the world produced;
it has given to the flames its martyrs and to the
scaffold and guillotine their victims. ) t has strung
on gates and castle walls the bodies of those whose
spiiits went forth to cheer the oppressed in his
struggle and the soldier of freedom in his loneli-
ness. It has entered the valley and stripped the
cortcrll simple home of its joy, and climbed the
rough mountain to strike down the bold High-
lander in his rough retreat. When the unbeliev-
ing.lews could not induce the Roman governor
to sacrifice Christ on the pretense of his assump-
tion that He was the Son of God, then they too
raised the cry of treason; and at Pilate's bar they
clamored for His crucifixion because He was said
to be King of the Jews.
Some may ask, why the necessity of this recital ?
I grant you none, except as it has been necessary
to defend myself, repel charges made against
us, and furnish the active southern mmd some
occupation besides belittling and vilifying their
northern neighbors. 1 disclaim any right to in-
terfere with slavery where it exists. Wc can no
moie disturb thatthan any other State institution.
We have no right, neither do we seek, to inter-
fere with your domestic and criminal arrange-
ments. But when you are driving us to the wall
by false accusations, and you yourselves are
foiemgus to institute comparisons between the
different sections, and are seeking to extend your
local institutions over the common Territories,
we have, at least, the right to express our opin-
ions
Because we are standing by the old landmarks
of the nation, and are endeavoring to roll back
the wave of fanaticism, and strife wnh which you
seek to inundate the Republic, you brand us as
agitators, much in the same manner as did Ahab,
when he said to Elijah, "Art thou he that troub-
leth Israel r" But the Prophet answered, " I have
not troubled Israel; but thou and thy father's
house, m that ye have forsaken the commandments
cf the Lord, and thou hast followed Balaam." So,
too, this day wc are not troubling Israel, but yc
have forsaken the commandments of the Lord,
and thou hast followed Balaam.
You say slavery comes from God and is ancient
in its existence. Polygamy, which you have so
lately aided us to banish, thereby recognizing out-
treasonable doctrine that Congress has power to
legislate for the social and domestic relations of
the people of a Territory, furnishes a stronger di-
vinity in its origin, and is older. You say that
Canaan was cursed. He was not a black man;
how did his curse get removed to the African ?
You say he was cursed forever; his curse was in
terms of duration no stronger than the blessing
to his more favored brethren. The Jew seems to
have outlived the promise; his forever long ago
had an end. Why should the curse against
Canaan be more enduring? Long before that, a
curse was breathed against the whole human fam-
ily; yet man '3 efforts for over six thousand years,
his toils of body, his labors of mind, have been
to relieve himself from the consequences of that
curse. The God of the universe has propitiated
and encourdged his effoits to cast off its binden.
Shall the curse against Canaan stand in all its
vengeance with no effort to remove n?
As well go throughout the land, put the torch
to your mills, undermine your factories, stop the
shuttle and loom,dcstioy the cotton gin, overturn
your printing presses, turn off the motive power
trom your steamers, take the leviathan of the iron
way and cast it in the deep, throw away your
batteries, break down the circle of wire surround-
ing the universe, and say that all this is m viola-
tion of the great primal curse pronounced against
man in the garden. Conceding all you claim
from Jewish slavery, you well know the Israelites
were the only nation receiving any consideration
from the Almighty; they were his peculiar peo-
ple, the children of his bounty, and the inheritors
of his promise. He revealed himself to no other
nation. Others were the victims of his wrath, the
objects of his vengeance; for them there was no
propitiatory sacrifice in the blood of bulls and
goats. So it continued until Christ came—not
for the Jew alone, but the heathen and gentile.
The curse against the whole human family,
against Canaan, was swallowed up in the victoiy
on the cross. By that death and incarnation the
whole race of man, of whatever clime and coun-
try, of whatever color, became children of prom-
ise, and were equally entitled to an inheritance in
the faith. The bowof the covenantof the blood of
the atonement embraced and spanned every kin-
dred, tribe,and tongue, and made them fast to the
throne of God; as much as the bow'of the promise
embraced and bound the Jewish people to the or-
dinances of Jehovah. All curses wore abrogated
in yielding to His Son the " heathen for His in-
heritance, and the uttermost pans of the earth for
His possession.'1
You arc allowed to arraign the institutions and
people of the North without fear of the bludgeon
and revolver. You are not subjected to contumely
andabusc. You can profess to despise everything
with a prefix free. You can speak of my constit-
uents as greasy mechanics, filthy operatives, smail-
fisted farmers, the mud-sills of society, and per-
forming menial sciviee incompatible with mental
cultivation. In their name 1 repel such arrogance,
not as a partisan, but an American citizen; for
your denunciations include the whole North,
where, among all parties and all classes of society,
are those bom to an inheritance of honest toil and
labor.
When you say there is something wrong in the
frame-work of northern society, I agree with you;
but all the evils you designate" at the North exist
in an aggravated form at the South; so that Afri-
can slavery cannot remedy the ills. In either
section, you see the unfortunate victims of crime,
and the innocent often, struggling with poverty;
you see the haughty aristocrat and the cringing
miser grinding the face of the poor. To relieve
misfortune at the Noith we have the almshouse,
the asylum, and the hospital. You have them at
the South. To educate oui youths.we have free
schools at the North. You ought to have them
at the South. Unite, then, with us in some legis-
lation for the benefit of the white man.
With all your boasting, the highest type of civ-
ilization has not yet been reached, nor will it bo
until man has neither the ability nor inclination
to vex and oppress his brother. As you look
abroad, and see the unoccupied millions of acres
waiting for the hands of the husbandman, and
millions of human beings struggling with adverse
fortunes ready to develop its resources, you can-
not believe that nations and Governments have
fulfilled the;r destiny. Unite, then, with us to grant
encouragement to American industry; to give our
toiling freemen free homes m the West. Abandon
your picayune policy, when1 white men are con-
cerned, that it will prevent a few thousand dollars
from entering the Treasury; the aggregate wealth
of the nation will be increased by development of
its soil. You will be prodigal in bestowing tens
of millions to obtain Cuba, which would not in-
crease our wealth or add to our happiness; yet
vou aie miserly m opening the pivurks of the
West to the prospect of the golden harvests.
You, who venerate so highly the Mosaic dis-
pensation, cannot have forgotten that one of the
most beautiful features m that policy was the
command to divide the land of Canaan by lot
among the tribes, according to the famihesof each,
so that the whole nation should be converted into
a community of small-listed farmers. Hence, you
perceive that the homestead bill is a divine insti-
tution, Then we will unite with you to furnish a
land of refuge in the tropical region for the op-
pressed African, that in part, at least, we may
atone for the great wrong and injustice ages of op-
pression have inflicted upon them. The advant-
ages of your society and religion ought soon to
make him worthy a higher state of existence than
slavery; otherwise you benefit him not by steal-
ing him from his native jungles. Then can we
obey the injunction," to undo the heavy burden,
and to let the oppressed go free, and that ye break
every yoke."
For further proof of the cruelties of your slave
system, and the debasement to which it reduces
your poor whites, I beg to refer to that gem of
literature, the Black Diamonds, substantially in-
dorsed and recommended by several southern
Representatives in liberal subscriptions for the
work. I will also allude to an appendix, in the
shape of a letter by its author. lie says:
" You will noticc that I advocated the reopening of th«
slave trade in tlm interests of the poor white men of the
South, who are now oppressed by the monopoly of slave-
holder. With these poor white men I have al  my sym-
pathies. Secondly, I lecommend the slave trade in the
interests of the 1102:10, that the eiuHtics and inhumanities
ol the piesentsy tem of slavery in the South are to be as*-
cubed to the irresponsible, high-handed, and defiant feudal
mle of a conventional aristocracy of slaveholders. Make
slavery common and popular; take it from the control of
feudal propi letors; make it an institution of the people, and
not t!i<* appanage of an aristocracy. £ would secure and
enforce the humane treatment of the black.-, and rcduce
slavery to a well guarded, mild, and domestic institution."
* * + v Tho slave trade is the last resource
to avert the decline of the South in the Union, ft wouid
admit the poor white man to the advantages of our social
system ; that it would give hnn dearer interests in the coun-
try jie love-' now only trom simple patriotism ; that it would
revive and engendei public spirit in the South, suppressed
and limited as it now is by monopolies of land and labor.
The cause of the poor wiiite population of the South cries
to Heaven foi jiwice. We hec them treated with the most
iri--ulting consideration by their country, debarred from ita
social t-y-.fem, d 'prived of all -hare in the benefits of the
institution ol slavery, condemned to povetty, and even
foieedtobcai the :uta ot super.ority m black and beastly
-lave-* 1.-, not thi- a spectacle to fne the heait? As sure
a-- God h judtje of my own heart, it thiob-. with ceaseless
sjmpathy ioj ihe<e poor, wronged, noble people; and if
there is a eau-c I would be pioud to champion, it is theirs.
So help me God, it is theirs,-'
lias he written the truffi, or is this Virginia
author, this champion against Helper, this south-
em historian, indorsed by southern members of
Congress? Is he a liar and scoundrel ?" Has
any Republican member told you so much truth
so plainly, and jn so few woids? It must be
true, for you have indorsed it. He feels for the
cruelties of tho siave and sympathizes with the
degradation of the laboring whites. He charac-
terizes the monopolists in human flesh and land
as they deserve. A heartless aristocracy and
selfish, unfeeling monopoly, is the same now as
in the middle ages. We prefer not to yield to
your seductions of place nor your craven threats
of power. We remember the history of the Yeni-
tian Republics. They trusted to the hollow prom-
isesof an aristocracy until they saw their Magna
Chartu given to the winds of the Adriatic, and
beneath the ruins of their free institutions the dark
conclave of a gloomy Inquisition. Go on, Mr.
Pollard; your sympathy for the slave and poor
whites of the South is shared by the patriot and
philanthropist throughout the Union. Step for-
ward as their champion; it is a noble cause. Be
one of the tribunes of the people. You have the
proud consciousness of an indorsement by south*
em members of Congress.
M r. Pollard has made a slight mistake as to the
remedy proposed. He says:
u With the reopening of the slave trade, imported ne-
groes might be sold in our southern vaport-. at a profit, for
one hundied to oac hundied and futj dollars a head. The
poor man mi^ht then hope to ownanegio; ho would at
once step up to a re-prtetabl" station in Hi** t-oeial system
of the South; he would no longer be a unliable nonde-
sciipt cumbeier of the s>o;l, 01 tie'-pa-Mos* along the holders
of the possesions ol the large proprietor "
This political economist does not tell us where
the poor nondescript cumberer of the soil, who
live:* by trespassing upon the possessions of the
large proprietors will obtain the money to pur-
chase the imported negro. No matter, that is his
remedy—to own a negro is the panacea of all
earthly ills.
You stigmatize the North because a few of her
people rccegmze what they term a law of con-
science, humanity, and religion, above the fugitive
slave law. While thus denouncing others, you
yourselves recognize a higher law, not only
against the laws of your country and your States,
but against the humanity and religion of the civ-
ilized world, in your self-assumed code of honor,
where the trick of the weapon is made superior to
the noblest cause and the truest courage. With
