THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
obtained from the publishers than from any other
source. They have not annoyed the committee,
amlliave rarely been seen by us. Occasionally,
when interrogatories have been addressed, in the
coarse of the investigations, to them, they have
been responded to; but thedata upon which my cal-
culation was made were not obtained from the pub-
lishers, or, to the best of my knowledge and belief,
any of those interested in the publication of the
work, directly or indirectly. Any gentleman can
arrive at the same conclusion that I have. Ho
has the means before him. He can compute
clerk's hire, the probable compensation they will
expect, and other contingents of one volume, as
evidence of the cost of every volume, and readily
compute what that will amount to. I cajmot
estimate these incidentals to cost less than about
two dollai's a volume, and from that to three dol-
lars. Of course such a tiling as entire accuracy
in estimating these incidentals is utterly impossi-
ble; but if the minimum amount is the correct
one, the price per volume may be increased a
few cents; and if the maximum amount is correct,
it will be diminished. I am willing to take the
risk, and avoid the troubles and annoyances to
which we will be subjected by applications for
additional compensation upon the part of clerks,
besides other incidental expenses.
Mr. TOOMBS. Mr. President, I have but little
to say upon this amendment; but having been
connected with it, I deem it necessary to make
an explanation. There were efforts made for
several years to print these papers. They were
considered valuable, and I think they are, to the
history of the country. I opposed them for sev-
eral years upon this very ground that we are now
debating. When a motion was made in this body
for their printing it was always unaccompanied
with any details of a contract, except, 1 think,
upon some occasion in which the work was to
be at the price paid for those volumes of the State
Papers published many years ago. That I know
was very large, from ray very slight acquaintance
with the subject of printing, which is altogether
from the discussions of this House. I know
nothing more about it. The language of printers
is all Greek to me, and I can be imposed upon at
any time by them. I have to rely upon other
people in this whole business. I know nothing
of ems and ens, and small pica and largo pica;
and that is the language they talk to me in the
law.
When this proposition came up again I was
satisfied, from the great change in the prices of
printing which had taken place within the last
fifteen or twenty years, since the act of 1819, that
the present prices were reasonable. They had
been in operation, and they had cheapened this
matter of printing. So I appealed to gentlemen
of the Senate who did have special information,
to tell me what would be the cost of this provis-
ion. Those who knew would not tell mo. I then
endeavored to protect the public interests as far
as I could out of my ignorance itself; and there-
fore I moved that it should not cost any more j
than the public printing, expressing my opinion, j
at the time, that it was no doubt inadequate to !
the purpose of protecting the public; and that I '
deemed it the duty of gentlemen who knew more
about the subject than I did, probably from their
former vocations, to protect the public. It was
not done; and 1 got in that amendment,and then
voted against the whole proposition. I demanded
that I should know what I was voting on. I de-
manded that gentlemen who made a proposition
to the American Senate involving the expenditure
of large sums of money should have the correct
data upon which they were to stand as public
men and individuals, and should give that inform-
ation to the Senate and the country. They did
not do it. It was pressed continually upon appro-
priation bills at a time when investigation was i
impossible; at a time when nobody would give '
any information but such as they chose to give.
Well, sir, after putting on that limitation, and
giving that much protection to the public, I op-
posed the proposition. I am exactly in the same
condition with this Committee on Printing. This
is certainly a material modification ofthe contract.
1 do not know what these gentlemen are entitled
to. I am perfectly contentto pay them every dol-
lar you made this contract for, although it met
my opposition at every stage of the proceeding.
I defeated it for home year or two; at all events,
my opposition contributed to defeat it until this
last time. Now, I think the Committee oft Print-
ing owe it to the Senate, and owe it to the coun-
try, when they come to make what is certainly a
new contract, to stand on their own measure. I
think they should have presented it to us during
the seven months we have been here, and given
us some opportunity of seeing what t he variation
is. If this is the contract, I am ready to vote for
it. If it is not the contract, I want to know what
the modifications are. I want to know the extent
to which they go. I think the committee, in a
matter involving $340,000, ought to have pre-
sented it in a bill, and not attempted to tack it on
an appropriation bill within the last six or seven
days of the session. We have had enough of
that in the inception of this measure. Here every-
body is complaining that it was very unwise, very
indiserect; that the public was not protected; and
now we are called upon to do it 
Mr. FITCH. The Senator from Georgia will
permit me to say that the committee, in offering
the amendment to this bill, are governed simply
by precedent. The original contract was in the
form of an amendment to this very bill.
Mr. TOOMBS. I will tell my honorable friend
from Indiana that is the way with our business.
A bad precedent is always followed, and I think
committees ought to setgood ones. This is a bad
precedent, of putting on large appropriations when
the Senate have not an opportunity to examine
them, and when they are not legitimate. Now,
to carry out an existing contract is legitimate;
and certainly I would defer with great pleasure
to the Committee on Printing. If they say that
it is to carry out the existing laws of the coun-
try, and to give an appiopriation in conformity
with those laws, 1 should not open my mouth,
for I have great confidence that that committee
would do what is right. At all events, 1 should
vote for it anyhow, for it is impossible for me to
attend to the entire public business of the coun-
try. I must rely on committees. There must be
a distribution of labor. When they come to
make a new contract that is to vary from the old
one, it should be done with deliberation, and
there should be time for examination.
I admit I do not think this binding and engrav-
ing falls under the old contract. I do not think it
comes under the amendment I had inserted in it.
I offered it; and I do not believe it occurisd to
me. I admiited my own ignorance, and sought
the views of gentlemen who knew better, and
they would not give them to me. A little was
saved, by that amendment of mine, to the Treas-
ury; but now I admit that these items which the
Senator puts in there do not seem to bo covered
by it, and I am perfectly willing to pay for them,
and to pay these parties. They have commenced
the work. They are excellent men. They have
done it well and faithfully, and whatever is a fail-
price for this binding and this engraving I am
willing to pay.
Mr. FlTCH. The binding is included in the
contract.
Mr. TOOMBS. Well, for the engraving, or
anything else for which they are not legitimately
responsible, I am not only willing to pay fairly
and liberally, but 1 am willing to pay these men.
I would give them a preference, they having done
the work, and having performed their work, and
having that kind of sanction to the job by having
done it before. I am willing to do that; but I am
called upon now, as I was before, to vote on what
I do not understand; and therefore I cannot sup-
port the amendment. .
Mr. SLIDELL. I really should like to have
a little more information on this subject than has
been derived either from the amendment itself or
from the explanation of the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Printing. There is no doubt at all,
according to the provisions of this contract, the
cost of compilation—for it is nothing more—did
not fall upon the contractor. That is a debt which
the Government owes to the gentlemen who have
been employed in this compilation—a debt which
I have no doubt will be faithfully discharged. I
am very willing to vote now for an appropria-
tion to compensate for service already rendered.
Now, as to the engraving, it must be a very
small matter indeed. I should have premised by
saying that it is a mere accident that has given
me any know ledge of the facts connected with this
affair. I was unfortunate enough to be placed
upon a committee of investigation of printing, and
I trust I shall never be on another of the same
sort. It occupied us some six or seven weeks of
almost daily sittings, and sometimes four or five
hours a day. We groped along in the dark until
at last wc discovered some facts we thought use-
ful to the country, in relation to the Post Office
blanks and this job of the American State Papers. .
I had occasion, in the course of this investigation, *
to compare the cost of two volumes at the price
fixed by the contract, and as estimated by the
Superintendent of Public Printing, with the cost
if it had been executed by the Public Printer
under the same direction. Two volumes were
taken for this examination—not selected; they
came indiscriminately before us; and I can say
that in those two volumes there was not a single
engraving of any sort. How many engravings,
or of what character, there may be in the other
volumes, I canno.t say. I cannot imagine how
any engravings will be necessary in the compila-
tion of these papers, except, perhaps, a few maps
It strikes me there are no other engravings that
could be properly introduced into a work of thi3
sort.
Now let us see what the cost of this amend-
ment would be. I have already stated that Gales
& Seaton are amply remunerated by the terms of
their contract. I think they could afford to pay
for compilation and everything else, and make a
very handsome business of it. One of the vol-
umes that were examined contained eleven hun-
dred pages, and the entire cost, according to the
calculation of Mr. Towers, was $13,698. The
estimated cost, according to the printing act, is
$11,950, making a difference of §2,580 on the
edition of two thousand copies. Taking the av-
erage cost of the volumes at §12,000, there would
be between twenty-five and twenty-six volumes.
In that alone there is a difference of more than
§60,000 in the cost as executed by Gales & Sea-
ton, and what it would liave cost if it had been
done by the'Public Printer. Now, the cost per
volume of two thousand volumes, at §13,690,
would be $6,800. That would be the cost per
volume, according to the contract as it now
stands. These were four volumes of eleven hun-
dred pages each. The original contract was based
upon the supposition of a volume of nine hun-
dred pages. There is a difference at once of
twenty-five per cent, upon that item. Now, the
chairman of the Committee on Public Printing
says that the original cost per volume was eleven
dollars, and from that he would take fifteen per
cent., leaving the cost how much?
Mr. FITCH. Nine dollars and some cents.
Mi" TOOMBS. Nine dollars and seventy-
eight cents.
Mr. SLIDELL. The cost of printing a vol-
ume of nine hundred pages, according; to the con-
tract as it now stands, is about six dollars per
volume. Take off twenty per cent., which is a
very moderate calculation, for the difference in the
work, and the cost of the volume is reduced to
§4 80. Underthearrnngcmentproposcd,thestate-
ment of the chairman of the Committee on Print-
ing is, that the cost per volume would bo §9 70. I
say the effect of the amendment will be to double
the present cost; and to set off that, what hap-
pens? We have to pay the compensation of three
clerks of the Senate, who have been employed in
this compilation at extra hours, when they had
nothing else to do. This compilation anybody
can perform; it is nothing but a mere selection
from printed papers. Ti#sc printed papers are cut
outof the different documents, with, perhaps,the
exception of some documents that come from
the archives? of the Secretary of State, that have
never been published. Everything is mere scis-
sors work, nothing else. These gentlemen have
been employed two years. Give the most liberal
compensation that you can imagine—give them
$1,500 apiece for each year, and that would be
§9,000. Engraving, as I said before, I have not
been able to find-
Mr. FITCH, Ijjere is one engraving, and there
are some others.
Mr. SLIDELL. That is a very small matter.
I should call that only printing.
Mr. FITCH. It is not rule work.
Mr. SLIDELL. It does not look to me like
engraving.
Mr. FITCH. It is charged for in the engrav-
er's bill.
