1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1881
that the working man must he poorly paid, and,
of course, poorly fed and clothed; that they must,
in fact, as was said by a distinguished Senator of
South Carolina, be "the mud sills of society."
Against such a degradation of labor I earnestly
protest in the name of political economy, of com-
mon humanity, and that Divine precept of doing
unto others as we would be done unto.
Mr. Chairman, there is no gentleman on this
floor whose constituency is more immediately and
thoroughly interested in the measure now before
this House than that I have the honor to repre-
sent. The people of my district are almost ex-
clusively dependent upon their own industry for
their support. Nowhere in my own State, nor,
so far as I am informed, out of my own State,
within the same geographical limits, can there be
found so vast a variety of pursuits as within that
portion of the city of Philadelphia in whose be-
half I am addressing you to-day. Bounded on one
side by the Delaware river, it offers especial fa-
cilities for ship-building; and in those, pertods
when*the. policy of the General Government has
permitted a free development of the resources of
the country, there might daily be seen emerging
from the ship-yards of Kensington, hundreds of
stalwart workmen, light of step, and presenting
all the tokens of honest, manly independence.
And, sir, although in the general blight which has
fallen upon our industry, these hardy shipwrights
havebeen compelled to share, there are still enough
of.them left, should happier -times ever arrive, to
make the air once more resonant with the mingled
music of their adzes and the cheering chorus with
which they are accustomed to lighten their hours
of labor.
Scattered along the shore, and also at frequent
intervals in the more closely-settled portions of
the district, are numerous establishments for the
manufacture of iron in all its manifold forms,
from the engines and boilers which furnish the
motive power to the stateliest ship of the sea and
the loftiest factories of the land, to the smallest
implement which is used in the diversified em-
ployment of man. Sir, the rails manufactured in
this district are to be found on the great iron high-
ways of the most remote States of the Union.
The machinery which is constructed within it is
distributed in the tropical islands of the western
ocean and the frigid regions of the eastern conti-
nent. Nor, sir, is there any description of textile
fabric which is not here produced. Cotton and
woolen and silk, the hair of the goat and the
horse, are wrought into infinite varieties of tissue
by the rapid flight of the spindle or the cunning
dexterity of the hand.
* The cassimeres that all of us wear, the shawls
that wrap the graceful forms of our women, the
sheetings that cover the mattresses that compose
our beds, the carpets that embellish our floors,
the fringes that adorn our curtains, and the cur-
tains themselves, all these, are the productions of
our Jooms. And, sir, thousands of these looms
are distributed by ones and twos and threes among
individual owners, who, cooperating with the
larger establishments, in prosperous periods, se-
cure to themselves satisfactory remuneration for
their toil. Sir, in my district also are the great
manufactories of the finest sort of leather—the
calf skins, the kid, and the morocco—which sup-
ply the wants of the leading shoe marts of the
country, and which, afrthesame time, yield to the
scrivener the parchments on which he inscribes
records inteaded to be eternal.
There, too, are to be found establishments
everywhere famous for the superior glass they
produce, which, in solidity, smoothness, and ele-
gance of shape, surpasses the imported article.
But, sir, I will not go on with this specific enu-
meration. Suffice it to say, in brief, that in the
third congressional district of Pennsylvania, labor,
in multiplied forms, is the normal condition of the
people; and even when they are not engaged in
actual personal handicraft, their pursuits, for the
most part, have direct relation to its necessities.
The supply of the many thousands who earn their
bread in the mills and the factories and the ship-
yards and the workshops of the "old Northern
Liberties and Kensington," with houses to dwell
- in, with food and with clothing, with the means
of education and the opportunities of public wor-
ship, requiresanamountofmechanical appliances,
of commercial enterprise, of professional skill,
which can hardly be estimated.
Mr. Chairman, from what I have said you
will readily infer that my district is a perfect hive
of industry—a hive in which all have their as-
signed parts, and one in which, when the sun of
prosperity shines, there is ceaseless activity.
But, sir, it is also true that when from any cause
the economy of this same hive is seriously dis-
turbed, when its industrial occupations are inter-
rupted, when the order and regularity of its mo-
tions arc interfered with, there must necessarily
follow confusion, disaster, and suffering. And,
sir, that is precisely the condition of things there
now.
So long as the tariff of 1842 was in operation,
and its influence was continued to be felt, the
people I represent were prosperous and happy;
labor in all its departments found ample employ-
ment and remunerative wages; all branches of
traffic shared in the advantage whitfh labor thus
enjoyed; and the happy conscquences were ram-
ified in all directions. Go where you might, sir,
you encountered only the manifestations of thrift
and contentment. In all the older and more thickly-
settled portions, every foot of available space was
occupied for some useful purpose; and wherever
there was room, new buildings, in various stages
oferection, stretched themselves onallsides. The
carpenter and the bricklayer and the mason were
in constant requisition for the increased growth of
the population and the increased wealth of its
individual members. Sir, I grieve to say all this
has changed.
The repeal of the tariff of 1842—though, as has
been already sufficiently explained in this debate,
its mischievous results were, for a time, accident-
ally averted—fell like a blight on my district. The
fair face of things was obscuredandovershadowed..
To a state of steady success for all legitimate
enterprise succeeded a state of varying troubles.
That which had been stable at onee became un-
fixed. Money, which bad flowed abundantly
through all its proper channels, grew scarce and
dear. Soon men, who had felt themselves secure
in their returns of healthful business, found their
profits had ceased, and that day by day their
affairs became more and more?uncertain, until at
last all reliance upon them was gone.
Upon the working man, this change operated
with crushing severity. Accustomed for years to
the comforts and many of the luxuries of life, they
found themselves constrained to forego not only
these, but even some of the absolute necessities.
Their employment, which had previously been
constant, at first became irregular, and, in many
cases, finally ceased; and their wages fluctuated
in a corresponding degree. In the revulsion of
1857, as all remember, the country was involved
in one of those terrible crises which the vacil-
lating character of our revenue laws has so often
produced.
This was tfie inevitable sequence of what had
gone before. The drain of the precious metals
sent abroad to pay for articles which ought to
have been manufactured at home, had so disor-
dered the finances of the country that monetary
convulsions could not bG avoided. These con-
vulsions revealed the frightful hollowness of the
system we had been pursuing. Crash succeeded
crash, until general ruin was threatened.
Merchants and manufacturers laid down one
after another in the storm that was then raging,
and the whole fabric of our commerce and indus-
try shooli: and shivered.
'Mr. Chairman, ill the material world violent
hurricanes are frequently required to purge the
atmosphere; and though their career is marked by
havoc and desolation, they are followed by purer
air and ser'ener skies. So, too, in the political
world; and if the panic of 185", in its senseless
fury, struck down many an hone'st and worthy
man, its ultimate results are destined to be bene-
ficial. Among its salutary consequences, not the
least has been the unanimity it has produced m
my own State in regard to the question of pro-
tection.
Prior to that visitation, the Democratic party,
even with us, had affected an indifference, and
sometimes went so far as even to avow hostility
to this great principle. Kut, sir, they venture to
do so no longer. The workingmen, the laborers,
the operatives of the good old^ Keystone State,
stimulated by the sufferings which they endured,
have investigated this subject, and they have de-
termined on reform. It was upon this that the
election of 1858 mainly turned; and, as a conse-
quence, the Representatives of the People's party
comprise a large majority of the Pennsylvania det-
ection. Sir, the People's party, which had its
ongin in Philadelphia in the spring of 1858, was
based upon the principle of protection to American
labor against the cheap labor of Europe. It was
in that interest it invited the working classes to
rail y under its banner, and it was through their aid
it triumphed. It was upon that principle that my-
self and my colleagues we're elected in-the ensuing
fall; and it is upon that principle we expect to
carry the presidential candidate who may be nom-
inated at Chicago.
Mr. Chairman, it will be a monstrous wrong to
that great body of citizens whom I represent, if
this session is permitted to pass without some ef-
ficient attempt for their relief. They are eminently
deserving of that relief; no classes contribute more
to the solid advancement of the country than they
do. They pvoduee far more thaS they consume,
and thus accumulate a surplus for public good.
They are reasonable in their demands, asking
only that you will so modify your tariff that
the money which is now squandered abroad may,
in part at least, be applied to their maintenance
at home. They ask you, not for the opportunity
of hving in idleness, but for the means of obtain-
ing work.
They ask you to frame your laws for the bene-
fit of your own countrymen, instead of arranging
them to promote the interest of people living on a
foreign soil.
They ask you to remember that they have rights
which ought to be regarded; feelings which ought
to be respected; claims which ought to be con-
sidered. And, sir, while they mean no menace,
they tell you that, if their just demands are not
complied with; if they are rejected with scorn
when they apply only for what they know is their
due, they will visit upon the men and the party
which thus trifles with and provokes them the
vengeance of the ballot-box.
Mr. ROBINSON, of Rhode Island. Mr. Chair-
man,much has been said,in the course of the de-
bates in this House, of the purposes and designs of
the Republican party. Bold and harsh accusations
have been made against it. It has been specially
charged with having violated, and designing to vio-
late, the Constitution of the United States; and of
intending to use the administrative powers of the
General Government, if it should obtain it, to break
down the rightag>f the southern States and eradicate
somo of their social and political institutions. The
party is charged with ignoring, upon the matter
of slavery, the true spirit and construction of the
Constitution. It is alleged that its purposes and
designs are treasonable, and that it aids and abets
the invasion of the States. These charges are
made with a seriousness and persistency that for-
bids us to distrust the sincerity of many, at least,
of our southern friends who make them. Their
reiteration by the presses and politicians of the
North, however, are perfectly understood to be
for political effect alone, upon men who are sup-
posed to be extremely sensitive and timid, and to
deter them from a free expression of their opin-
ions. Fortunately, however, for the party charged
with these grave political offenses, we are debat-
ing this matter before an intelligent and patriotic
people. The schoolmaster and the press, the
strong types of our modern civilization, are abroad,
and have been for years; and the people who
have received their instructions will never believe
that they have not improved their pupils and soft-
ened and refined the spirit of that barbarous age,
when learning was cramped and confined; when
men of power could not read, and made their
marks, not with the pen, but with the pommel of
their swords.
We violate the Constitution! How? Because
we contend that "freedom is national, and slavery
sectional;" that the first is guarded and protected
by the Constitution, which announces in its pre-
amble its object to be "to form a more perfect
Union, establish justice, insure domestic tran-
quillity, provide for thecommon defense, promote
the general welfare, and secure the blessings of
liberty to ourselves and our posterity?"
! All the provisionsof that Constitution were
i designed to carry out and perpetuate the formula
of glorious purposes set forth in its preambW. It
was framed for no other Government than a Gov-
ernment of freedom. Had, however, any one
