1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Letterfrom the Secretary of War, transmitting !j
a statement of the expenses of the national armo- !>
ries, and the arms and appendages made thereat, |!
during the year 1859. 11
Letterfrom the Secretary of War, transmitting |j
a return of the militia of the United States, and !
of their arms, accouterments, and ammunition,
for the year 1859; and
A memorial of the Legislature of the State of
Wisconsin,in relation to the affairs of the Indian |
tribes within the limits of that State;.and also, the ]
memorial of the chiefs, headmen,and warriors of |
the Menomonee Indians, in council assembled, in J
the county of Shewano, State of Wisconsin. I
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED. |
The message further announced that the Speaker |
of the House had signed the following enrolled |
joint resolutions; which thereupon received the |
signature of the President pro tempore.: i
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 8) making an j
appropriation for inaugurating the equestrian
statue of Washington; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 12) giving the con-
sent of Congress to Captain William B. Shubrick
to accept a sword presented to him by Captain
General and President Urquiza, of the Argentine
Confederation.
ISLAND OF NAVARA.
_ Mr. SUMNER submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous can-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested, if in his opinion not incompatible with the public
interests, to communicate to tile Senate any information
in his possession with regard to the occupation, by Ameri-
can citizens,.of the Island of Kavara, in the West iRdies,
and of any correspondence with reference thereto.
PRINTING OF A BILL.
On motion of Mr. SEWARD, it was
Ordered, That the bill (S. No. 194) for the admission of
Kansas into the Union be printed.
PROTECTION OF SLAVE PROPERTY IN KANSAS.
Mr. BROWN, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 203) to punish offenses against slave property
in the Territory of Kansas; which was read twice
by its title.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I have delayed
the introduction of the bill several days, intend-
ing;, when 1 introduced it, to make some remarks
explanatory of my motive in doing it. I appre-
hend that, when it shall be referred to the Com-
mittee on Territories, to which I shall move its
reference, I shall not be likely to get it back again
very soon. I shall, however, forego my purpose
of addressing the Senate on the subject this morn-
ing; and ask, next week, to be allowed an oppor-
tunity of speaking, on the resolutions of my col-
league or myself, upon the general subject.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator ask'for the reference of the bill?
Mr. BROWN. I do.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
referred to the Committee on lerntones.
PRINTING OF TESTIMONY.
Mr. PITCH. The Committee on Printing, to
whom was referred a resolution submitted by the
Senator from Texas [Mr. Hemphill] on the 6th
instant, to print the testimony taken by the Court
of Claims in the case of A. Huston, have directed
me to report adverse to its printing. Wc find no
precedent for printing testimony taken before the
court, and deem, that the establishment of such a
precedent might involve the Senate in very con-
siderable expense. I move the present concur-
rencc of the Senate in the report.
Mr IVERSON. I would suggest to the Sen-
ator from Indiana to allow that report to lie on
the table for the present, instead of asking the .
decision of the Senate upon it. It is a question !
which admits of a good deal of doubt whether
the Senate ought to set the precedent or make a
decision of the question. There may be cases
in which it would be important to have the testi-
mony.
Mr. FITCH. Let it lie on the table. I am
willing that the papers in the ease should take the
course proposed by the resolution.
The resolution was ordered to lie on die table.
CONTRACTS FOE BINDING.
Mr. FITCH. I move to take up the resolution
reported from the Committee on Printing a day
or two since, with a view to its amendment and
adoption. I wish to have it so amended as to
read 4 {contracts heretofore made," and to term-
inate at the first clause of the resolution, directing
the committee to inquire into the legality of the
contracts, and not to carry their inquiry any fur-
ther.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolu-
tion, as modified, will be read for the information
of the Senate.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Printing be di-
rected to inquire and report whether the contracts hereto-
fore made by the Secretary of the Senate with Mrs. Ade-
line Sergeant, and renewed with modifications on the 16th
and 17th of February, i860, tor binding the reserved num-
bers of Senate documents, are authorized by law.
Mr. HALE. I do not know anything about
the resolution; but I thoughtithad 6een custom-
ary, when there was any action taken as to any
doubts about legal questions, to refer them to the
Committee on the Judiciary. It seems to me, as
this seems to have resolved itself into a mere ques-
tion of law, that would be the proper direction to
give it.
Mr. FITCH. I have no objection to that ref-
erence, though, of course, I cannot myself make
the motion, as the resolution was reported by the
Committee on Printing. It was supposed to be a
matter which came peculiarly under their super-
vision, being under the charge of the Superintend-
ent of Public Printing. Ifthe Committee on Print-
ing find any doubt themselves, it will be very
proper for them to come in and ask a further in-
vestigation bv the Committee on the Judiciary;
but it is possible that the provisions of the law
may be so plain that no man can mistake them.
Mr. HALE. I know nothing about the sub-
ject. 1 do not know under whose direction this
contract was made. The resolution is now modi-
fied; and as it is reduced to a simple question of
law, to see whether the contract was according to
law, I move to amend the resolution by striking
out 44 the Committee on Public Printing," and
inserting 44 the Committee on the Judiciary."
Mr. PITCH. I am not authorized, of course,
to accept the amendment; but I have no personal
objection to it.
The amendment was agreed to; and the reso-
lution as amended was adopted.
ORDER OP BUSINESS.
Mr. CHANDLER. I rise to call the attention
of the Chair to a special order for half past one
o'clock.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Michigan that under the
rules it is his duty to announce the special order
at the appointed time, but there is another rule
which obtains that overrides the special order to
which the Senator refers,.and gives precedence to
the unfinished business of the last sitting of the
Senate.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move, then, that the un-
finished business be postponed for the considera-
tion of the special order that was fixed for to-day.
Mr. SLIDELL. I trust that motion will not
prevail. A good deal of time has already been lost
m the discussion of the bill which is the unfinished
business of Tuesday, or rather in the attempt to
discuss it; and 1 am satisfied that if it be taken up
now, it^vill be disposed of, certainly m less than
two hours. As I understand it, the resolution that
the Senator from Michigan proposes to te>ke up is
a reconsideration of 
Mr. CHANDLER. No, sir; it is a bill.
Mr. SLIDELL. A bill on what subject?
Mr. CHANDLER. Making an appropriation
for completing the channel over the St. Clair
flats.
Mr. SLIDELL. That only makes my argu-
ment much stronger. It is perfectly evident that
the time that will be employed in the discussion of
that question will be so much time lost to the Sen-
ate. In the first place, assuming that the Senator
could obtain the sanction of a majority of the
Chamber to this bill, we know perfectly weil that
it will be vetoed by the Executive. Now, the bill
which I have before the Senate, although one of
perhaps no very great importance, is the result of
matured investigation by a committee. It involves
principles sound in themselves, and 1 think would
6e beneficial in their application to the District of
Columbia. The Senate is prepared to act on it;
and I really think that it would be trespassing
somewhat on the good nature, and courtesies
the Senate for the gentleman- to Spress a speech oa
a question that he knows must be abortive—a bill,
that cannot pass, or if passed cannot become a
law. I insist on the regular order of business* aad
I ask a decision on the subject.
Mr. CHANDLER. think the honorable
Senator from Louisiana assumes more than he has
a right to assume under present circumstances. It
is within the recollection of Senators, that, four
years ago, when the whole scheme was problem-
atical whether it would be successful or not, a
similar bill passed Congress, was vetoed by the
President of the United States, and was returned
to Congress and passed by a two thirds vote over
that veto. Now, sir, if the President of the Uni-
ted States should again veto this bill, I expect-
again to pass it over his veto. I expect that the
Congress of the United States, in consequence of
the vast importance of this work, and the neces-
sity of its immediate completion, will disregard
the President's veto, and, by a constitutional ma-
jority, pass the bill. I do not propose to discuss
the question; I am willing,to let the bill go to a
vote without discussion, if the opponents of the
measure see fit to permit it. I hold in my hand
a letter from a gentleman very largely 
Mr. SLIDELL. I ask if it is in order to enter
into the merits of this bill, when the question be-
fore the Senate is simply as to the priority of
business ?
The PRESIDENTprotempore. Itisnotstrictly
in order to discuss the merits of the bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. I was giving the reasons
why the unfinished business should be postponed.
I said that I held in my hand a letter from a very
distinguished merchant, largely engaged m the
traffic across these flats—Mr. Trowbrick, a gen-
tleman well known—in which he says:
" The water is falling very fast, and if navigation should
open to-morrow, there is not one vessel, propeller or steam-
boat, in ten, on these }ake , that could pass loaded over the
flats. There is now but nine and a halt feet of water upon
them."
This morning I had a conversation with a very
distinguished gentleman from Oswego, who in-
formed me that the lakes have fallen, since June,-
1858, two feet eight inches. Thus it is perfectly
apparent to every person that this channel is ut-
terly worthless as it stands. I ask simply a small
appropriation of $54,037 to complete the work, to
make a permanent channel that will accommodate
the entire commerce of the lakes. Sir, I deem
this measure of more consequence than all the bills
as to your banks, not only in the District of Co-
lumbia, but in all the adjoining States; of more
consequence than any and every measure now
before Congress. It is a matter of sufficient con-
sequence to cast aside not only this bank bill, but
any other bill that is now before the Senate. I
hope that not only the bank bill, but any other
special order which interferes with the present
consideration of this bjll will be postponed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
and seconded to postpone the unfinished business
and all prior orders, for the purpose of proceed-
ing to the consideration of the bill indicated by
the Senator from Michigan.
Mr. SLIDELL called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 20, nays 33; as follows:
YEAS—Mejsbr^. Anthony, Bingham, Chandler, Clark,
! Collamer, Dixon, Doolittle, Feseenden, Foot, Foster,
' Grimes, Hale, Hamlin, Harlan, Seward, Simmon's, Sum-
ner, Trumbull, Wilkinson, and Wilson—-20.
NAYS—Messis.Bayard, Benjamin, Bigler, Bragg, Bright,
Brown, Chesnut, Clay, Clingman, Davis, Fitch, Fitzpat-
uck, Gwin, Hammond, Ilaun, Hemphill, Hunter, iverfon,
Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee. Lane, Mal-
lory, Mason, Nicholson, Pearce, Polk, Powell, Pugh, Sauls-
bury, Sebastian, Slidell, Toombs, and Wigfail—33.
So the motion of Mr. Chandler was not agreed
to.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Mr. HALE. By the consent of the Senator
from Louisiana, I move that when the Senate ad-
journs to-day, it be to meet on Monday next.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I simply desire to say to
the Senator from New Hampshire, and to the
Senate, that if it would be agreeable to gentlemen .
on the other side of the House, as I wish to ad-
dress the Senate on the subject of the Wisconsin
case, as it has been called, and do not feel dis-
posed to inter&re with the regular order of busi-
