1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. SLIDELL. That may be; but it can be
done at scarcely any cost to the parties. I have
shown that these volumes cost Gales & Seaton
$4 80. It is now proposed to double the price for
two thousand copies, making it$9 GO per volume
additional cost. Against that, wc have to setoff
the cost of compilation and engraving.
I must make an apology to the Senate. I am
very little in the habit of interfering in these mat-
ters; but as I said before, accident placed me in
such a position that I was obliged to know some-
thing about these questions. 1 have no sort of
taste for discussions of this kind, and enter into
them very reluctantly, but I have felt it my duty
to make this statement.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from Indi-
ana asked my opinion, as a lawyer, in reference
to this contract. 1 have had very little opportu-
nity to look into it, but I have examined the pro-
vision of the law since he asked me the question,
and I am ready to give my opinion upon it. How
the contract was made, I do not know; but every
lawyer knows very well that the contract must
conform to the law. Anything outside of that is
not binding upon us.
Mr. FITCH. I think the contract was an exact
copy of the words of the law; that is my recol-
lection.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then under this contract,
I say they are obliged to do the whole. That is
my construction, and I will tell you why. Let
us read it:
" That the Secretary of the Senate and Clerk of the House
of Representatives, be, and they are hereby, directed to con-
tinue, down to the 4tli ot' March, 1859, the compilation of
the congressional documents published by Cortgrjss under
the name of the ' American State Papers,' in the same
manner"—
That covers the whole style, everything in rela-
tion to it, including all that is to be done in pub-
lishing. It is a general term, which covers the
whole, and was meant to cover the whole. That
is the description of the book—
" in the «anie manner as the first series thereof, under the
authority of the act of Congress ot Maicii -2, L631, and tiie
joint resolution of Congress of March 2,1833, and with the
same paiticuiar index to each class, and a general index to
the work." '
I will here observe that it was put under the
charge of the Secretary of the Senate and the
Clerk of the House of Representatives, for this
reason: it was suggested in debate that a great
deal of this stuff was not worth publication, and
therefore we must have a proper selection made,
and that could notbe intrusted to the contractors;
and hence they were only to publish such material
as should be pointed out them by the Secretary
of the Senate and the Clerk of the House of Rep-
resentatives. Then it says they are to be pub-
lished " in the same manner" as those that have
been previously published, with indexes, as de-
scribed. I contend that that description covers
the whoie thing from beginning to end, all that
was to be done to publish these doucuments, such
as should be selected by the Secretary and Clerk
" in the same manner," meaning style, and every-
thing necessary to be connected with it. Then
it says they are to be published, and adds :
"And the said Seeietary and Clerk are hereby directed
to contiaet with Gales &. Seaton, the pubhsheis of thefirst
series thereof, for publishing the same."
How? "In the same manner,"of course, that
the others were published, and with indexes as
described, " not to exceed two thousand copies,"
&c. The rest has no reference to the construc-
tion. Then there is a proviso that they are to do
it for a sum not exceeding that paid for the first
series. That is a limitation; that is the largest
sum they are to receive. That is to say, these
officers may contract with Gales & Seaton to pub-
lish these books in the same manner, for a puce
not exceeding that paid for the first. That is the
law; that is the contract. Then there is a lim-
itation, in order, if possible, not to have it cost so
much as the first series; it is specified in another
proviso that the prices or rates to be paid tor the
printing of this work u shall not exceed those
paid at present for the printing of the documents
of Congress, including paper and binding, having
regard to tiie quality and value of the material
used and work done." Now, the idea that, in-
asmuch as we have specified that the work should
not exceed a certain sum per volume, and inas-
much as we have gone further, and said a por-
tion of the work should be for certain prices and
not more, therefore that is all they are to do, is an
inference that cannot possibly be drawn from the
act as passed. That clause is a limitation, not
an enlargement. I have no reasonable doubt that,
under that provision, they are bound to do the
whole, and deliver the volumes, printed and bound,
with all the engravings necessary and every thing,
for that amount of money.
Mr. DAVIS. I will ask the Senator from
Maine, before he concludes, whether the com-
pilation of the former publication in relation to
which that term, " in the same manner," is em-
ployed, was made by the publisher, or whether
the copying was done by the officers?
Mr. FESSENDEN. "Manner"refers to the
style, and does not refer to the contract. Pub-
lishing in the same manner does not mean pub-
lishing under the same provisions, but refers to
the character of the work.
Mr. DAVIS. They were to contract for the
work to be done in the same manner, and the
Senator now says that means merely the style of
work. The contract, if it was to be governed by
the former practice, implied that the Government
was to nay the clerks for the compilation; and
then still further was it tied down by the last pro-
viso, which looked to the rates fixed for public
printing. If the rates fixed for public printing
govern, then we are to go and find what the Pub-
lic Printer does under the law giving compensa-
tion to him. Does he prepare the bills which he
prints ? Does he write or copy the reports which
he prints? Neither; so that, whether you take it
in reference to the manner in which the State
Papers were published under the former contract,
or whether you take it in reference to the laws
governing the public printing of Congress, it is
quite clear that compilation and engraving do not
enter into it. But, as I understand from the
chairman of the committee,the question presented
to the Senate is simply this: will you pay for the
compilation and engraving in addition to the com-
pensation to which the publishers are entitled as
printers; or will you allow them to hire the copy-
ing and engraving to be done at their cost, and
pay.them what it will cost us if we require it to
be done r I have no doubt the chairman has made
the calculation accurately. The question is one
of a very few cents, so far as it concerns the
Treasury. I doubt not that they will make a
large sum of money by it; for I have no doubt
that they will get both engraving and copyingdone
much cheaper than we can. We find, in all the
Government establishments, that the Government
pays more for a given amount of work than an
individual can procure it to be done for. That
belongs to all the establishments of the Govern-
ment, so far as I know. If we undertake to com-
pensate the clerks for copying, under our laws,
and pay for the engraving, we shall pay a sum
out of which they no doubt will make a large
amount.
Mr. BAYARD. I have no knowledge what-
ever of the mode in which the contract as to the
first series of State Papers was executed, nor the
cost. I recollect very well when this law upon
which we are now called to act passed in the
Senate, it was a matter of grave doubt with me
whether I ought to vote for it at all; and eventu-
ally I did not, because I thought it was wrong in
some of its provisions. I did not examine it par-
ticularly, for it was moved as an amendment to
an appropriation bill, and had all the looseness
which lhat species of legislation necessarily has.
A contract, however, was made, which I think
binding on the Genernment under the law that
was passed; though, in my judgment, contracts
ought not to be mado by acts of Congress.
As far as 1 understand the subject-matter, I view
this law differently from the Sciiator from Maine.
The first clause in the act I consider as directory
to your officers alone. They are to mnke a cer-
tain compilation—the officers, not the contractois.
They are to make a compilation of the^ State
Papers in a certain manner, as was done m the
former State Papers. That only describes the
mode, the general character of the compilation.
When we come to tile authority to contract, it is
in other words. This being done by us, we are
of couise to furnish the subject-matter that is to
he published. Then comes tl>p authority: " said
Secretary and Clerk are directed to contract witit
Gales &. Seaton, the publishers of theiirst scries,
for publishing the same, not to excocd two thou-
sand copies in number, at a price not gxcegdiiig
the pri ce paid for the first series." I do not know
what the price paid for the publication of the first,
series was; but, legally speaking, I should sup-
pose the word " publication''would include'.the
cost of engraving, which is certainly a part, of
the.publication, but would not include the cost of
preparation; because, by the directory part of the
law, the work must be furnished to the contract-
ors before they can publish it. That, evidently,
was the intention of the section: that we were to
prepare, through our own officers,and-furnish to
the contractors, the work to be published; and
all the mechanical execution, be it engraving or
printing, that is in the published volume, would
fall on the contractors. Therefore I.think the ex-
pense of engraving: anything in the volume prop-
erly falls on the contractors. I admit that the
contract made by the officers with Gales & Seaton
does not run that way; but I think that is the
language of the law. Under the language of the
law, our officers were directed to prepare certain
papers in the same mode that they were prepared
before; but then they are authorized to make a
contract for the publication of those papers; and
if the word "publication" means anything, I
think it includes mcchanical work of every kind,
engraving, and ell that is to be done for the pur-
pose of sending forth the volume in proper con-
dition. I think we might leave the incidental
expenses, so far as they are connected with the
compilation of this work, the preparation of it,
intrusted to our own officers. The contract to
publish, which they are authorized to make, as
I look at it, would necessarily cover something
more than mere printing. It would cover all the
mechanical execution that was necessary in the
work that was handed to the contractors for the
purpose of being executed, whether it was engrav-
ing or printing. That is the view which I take.
Mr. FITCH. I merely want to answer one
statement made by the Senator from Louisiana.
He appears to think that the object of the amend-
ment is to increase the price to the publishers per
volume. So far from that being the case 
Mr. SLIDELL. The Senator from Indiana
will permit me. I did riot say it was the object;
but that it was the effect.
Mr. FITCH. Well, I dispute that. Any gen-
tleman can compute the cost of the clerical labor
engaged m this compilation. There have never
been less than six clerks engaged on it, and most
of the time eight—not three, as the Senator says.
There have been, on the average, two volumes a
year published. Take the pay to the clerks at
$1,000 a year, instead of $1,800, and you have
two dollars on every volume for clerical labor
alone, even if there were but six clerks. The
fact is, however, there wore eight engaged last
year—four in each House. The publishers, it
they had the payment of these clerks themselves,
might diminish the number perhaps by inducing
the clerks to devote more time to it than they do
now, or by special contract, making better pay-
ments than the Government is likely to make as
to time, they might induce them to perform this
service cheaper than they will perform it for us.
If the work is to be done according to the idea of
the Senator from Maine, in the " manner " in
which it was done before, that "manner "con-
sisted in the Government paying all the incidental
expenses. It is utterly impossible for us to es-
cape that fact. Now the object of the committee,
as I have said before, was neither to increase nor
diminish (he cost to the Government. Hence the
proposition of last year we would not renew; it
was looked closer into; and now another propo-
sition was made to modify the contract so as to
reduce the price ten per cent, less than the price
of the first series; but we would not present that,
although asked to do so, for a close calculation
enabled us to arrive at the conclusion, at which
I think ut cry gentleman will arrive, that fifteen
per cent, deduction left the price very nearly
where it is now according to the basis on which
Congress will be compelled to pay. We do not
compute it on any basis upon which these pub-
lishers may themselves be able to procure the
work, the clerical hire, &c. That is a matter with
themselves. We take that which it would cost
us. The clerical hire alone is two dollars per
volume, at the most moderate computation.
Mr. SLIDELL. One word of explanation.
I had seen but three volumes of this work, and I
