2826
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
had examined them, notat all with reference to the
question of engraving, but I had examined them
in the committee-room for another purpose; and
now I cannot find in any one of the three volumes
anything that has the semblance of engraving.
Here arc half a dozen little sketches—plats of
land. If these are engravings, I have certainly
never heard the word used in that sense before.
1 have looked very carefully over the three vol-
umes, and I agree perfectly with the Senator from
Delaware that the cost of engraving is included
in the contract; that the contractors arc bound to
furnish it; but even if that were not so, there is
certainly no engraving in these works that I con-
sider as entitled to that name.
Mr. SIMMONS. If I understood the Senator
from Louisiana,one objection which he made was
to taking more of these volumes per annum than
was stipulated in the law. With respect to the
objection as to the construction of the law, 1 think
the Senator from Indiana has put upon it the con-
struction which every man used to contract would
put upon it, that it was to be done under the same
laws that the former work was done under—the
law of 1831 and 1832. The Senator from Lou-
isiana objected that this provision would enable
the contractors to do the work a great deal quicker
than the law itself would, by increasing the amount
delivered annually. I think I recollect something
of the reason why the proviso to which the Sen-
ator from Louisiana referred was put ill. It was
said, when tilts contract was about to be made,
that we were veiy short of money, and it would
take a great deal of money out of the Treasury.
I remember that somebody said it would be some
time before the work would bo ready to bo de-
livered, and we put in a proviso' that not more
jtbari $25,000 should be taken out of the Treasury
during the next fiscal year; and that ends the.
limitation under this law. We could not pay more
than §25,000 during the fiscal year ending June
30,1839; but there is no limitation as to what they
might deliver in 1860 or J8G1- That was the rea-
son for that proviso. As to the " manner," the
Senator from Delaware has got it right. As to
these engravings, I do not believe it makes a dif-
ference of twenty-live ccnts a volume whether
you put them in or throw them out.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope we shall take the vote.
We have discussed the matter pretty thoroughly.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. IveVson
in the chair.) The question is on the amendment
offered by the Committee on Printing.
Mr. ICING. We have had, during the present
session of Congress, a very elaborate investiga-
tion of the abuses resulting from the bargains and
contracts made,and the laws passed,in relation to
the public printing; and they have disclosed the
fact that, U-ithin the last four or fix years, hun-
dreds of thousands of dollars have been expended
extravagantly, and a good deal of it coiruptly,
growing out of this public printing. T was a little
surprised this morning at a vote of the Senate,
by which the word " necessarily " was continued
in the resolutions offered by the Senator from
Louisiana, as though these abuses growing out
of the public printing under the administration
of the Government were necessary to the system
of Government. I do not believe- they are. I
regard laws and contracts like that now presenti.'d
to us as jobs for the benefit of the editors of
newspapers, whether editors of the National In-
telligencer, or the Constitution, orany other paper.
Although we are forbidden by the parliamentary
rules to attribute motives to Senators—and I would
not do it—still I have no doubt that these things are
gotten up and brought here and presented with
the view and for the object of sustaining these
newspapers for political and party purposes. In
my judgment, all this is wrong. I think the pub-
lic printing which is required by the Government
may well be obtained by open bids and cutitracts
in a manner that will better subserve the public
interests and give us betterprinting than any that
we have had. That there is and has been for a
long time favoritism in this matter, I think is ev-
ident. 1 remember, when in the Hou.t of Rep-
resentatives, that the Patent Office, reports were
printed upon a kind of paper that was oii'ensive
m its smell; and yet they were deliveied, and most
of them came to the houses of members under the
covers and wrappers m which they weie distr.D-
uted. A few copies on better paper were piinted
and delivered to us here without these wrappers
upon them. Abuses of this kind have been gone
into; and now, although I am not able to expose
or say precisely what this is, I thank the Senator
from Louisiana for having alluded to the investi-
gation upon this Intelligencer matter, to which he
paid more attention than I did in committee, as I
was looking more particularly into other matters,
it was shown that this previous job was one which
the contractors let out, without undertaking to su-
perintend the printing of it, to Mr. Wendell, who
has been the general Printer ill all these abuses
for the last four or five years. I have not been
disposed to interfere as to him; but I think he is
no better—and I do not think he is much worse
—than those with whom he has been associated.
I regard them all as about on the same level as he.
That was my opinion about it. I am not disposed
to pronouncc a eulogy on Mr. Wendell; butl cer-
tainly am not disposed to put him on any better
footing than those" with whom he has been asso-
ciated. He did the printing, got the jobs, and
expended the money, in my judgment, in a cor-
rupt way. There is no excuse for him, and there
arc no excuses for those who put the money into
his hands and who benefited by it. There is no j
more reason why Congress should, by law, give
a special job here to sustain the Intelligencer than
to sustain any other paper m the country. If the
papers printed here are unable, by fair and legiti-
mate patronage, by advertisements, and by the or-
dinary printing which comesfrom the Deparments,
and may properly come to them, to live, then, in
my opinion, they had better be discontinued, and
Ictus have papers that can live. So far as this is
concerned, it is a matter not entirely of proof,
perhaps; but conversations show that it is the un-
derstanding generally that these jobs are given to
these printing offices with a view to sustain thc-ir
papers. I think that, in reference to the Union,
the Pennsylvania!!, and Philadelphia Argus, there
were contracts and practices worse, if possible,
than such a one, because there was a direct coil-
tract with the public officers, and arrangements be-
tween them and the Printer.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope my friend will adhere
to this question upon the appropriation bill. I
will hear his speech with great pleasure on any-
thing else; buthe is not talking to this amendment
to this bill.
Mr. KING. I am happy to find the Senator
from Georgia so good a listener as to be willing
to hear what I have to say about this matter at
some other time: but I regard the facts which I
am stating as reasonsaganist the adoption of any
proposition of this kind. I am opposed to it. No
man can tell here now with any certainty what
is to come out of it. That it is an increase of the
job, is beyond all question. It is an imposition
of new work on these gentlemen, and it proposes
a reduction of some fifteen per cent, from priccs
that, so fur as I know, everybody now agrees and
understands are enormous and extravagant, and
ought not to be paid. If we are to have ally print-
ing of this sort, let us have ail explicit proposi-
tion, one that can be understood; and then, if the
work is wanted, let us employ somebody to do it.
So far as the contract for the old work is con-
cerned, I believe, with considerable indefinitcness
as to how it exactly was, there was an agreement
by which Gales & Scaton were to have twenty
per cent., and Wendell eighty per cent., and then
there were some little understandings about what
was to go in or go out—whether a little more or a
little less is uncertain; but there were some under-
standings that were not fully stated, and could
not be. But I look on this as another job to which
I am opposed.
Mr. PITCH. The Senator says that these are
jobs. I grant you that this is a job; butitisone
with wlncti the Committee on Printing had noth-
ing to do, and which they found imposed Oil the
Smate when it was submitted to them. I pre-
sume the Senator does not intend to charge the
majority of that committee with favoring a life-
long political opponent like the National Intelli-
gencer. What they have done is in favor of the
Senate and ill favor of the country. He says
that hedesires a proposition which he can under-
stand. 1 am sorry I cannot make myself under-
stood.
iYlr.KlrsG. I did not say that—the gentleman
will excuse me—but I said i desired a proposition
that was explicit and could be understood. I
should be v^ry glad to have the gentleman him-
self state how much these people will have for e
volume underthis arrangement, and liow large the
volumes will be.
Mr. PITCH. I have stated repeatedly the pre
cise effect of this amendment; and if I have not
made myself comprehended in my meaning, it is
perhaps my misfortune rather than the misfor-
tune of those who listen to me. It may be, the
Senator from Maine [Mr. Fessenden] suggests,
the misfortune of the case. It is a case which i
should have been very unwilling to initiats, and
declined voting for the ongina! proposition. The
average price of the old conn act, as any gentle-
man can ascertain and as our Secretary knows,
was certainly not more than §11 50 per volume.
That amount per volume the publishers wanted
now. We declined giving it to them; but we did
last year offer an amendment giving them £10 50
a volume, on their obligating themselves to pay
these incidental expenses. This year we refused
to make a proposition as liberal as that, even.
We would not make one for ten per cent, less,
which was about the proposition of last year; but
made one authorizing a modification of the con-
tract which will give them fifteen per cent, less,
they paying the incidentals.
Then the next question is: what arc these inci-
dental exoenses—what do tlioy amount to? The
Serin tor can ascertain for himself, for lie has the
same sources of information which the committee
had. If we pay the same compensation to our
clerks that we did before, we know to a dollar
what it will cost us for clerical hire. We cannot
estimate with accuracy the cost of other incident-
als; we do not know what they will all amount
to. The engraving is a small item, which 1 pre-
sume the publishers will pay without any hesita-
tion. The clerical liire, as reported by our Sec-
retary, has been three or four clerks in each branch,
engagad in some manner in the compilation; arid
if we pay them double wages while they arc en-
gaged on it, it will amount to not less than one
thousand dollars per annum for each clerk. It
there wore, then, but six of them, you would have
two dollars a volume, because the average of this
series has heretofore been not more—rather less—
than fnree volumes per annum. 1 think that,
within two years and a half, or thereabouts,
since the contract was entered into, there have
been five volumes prepared, and a sixth m press.
Every Senator call perceive what the amount is,
and can easily verify our estimate of the incidental
expenses. There must be some latitude, because
we do not know what engravings and other small
incidentals may be necessary hereafter. But, as
I have already remarked, the engraving is com-
paratively a small matter, and 1 have no doubt
' the publishers will assume the payment of it,
under the present contract price, without any
modification.
There is another misfortune, so far as the con-
tractors are concerned; and that is, that we have
refused to carry out in good faith ail implied ob-
ligation on our part. There was an express pro-
viso declaring that not more than £25,000 should
be appropriated for the forthcoming year. That
implied, of course, that we should appropriate
that much in aid of the publication; but so far
from doing that, we have appropriated not one
dime, we have paid thero nothing on the contract,
and an appropriation for the payment of what
they have done is the least which can possibly be
expected. I repeat, sir, that 1 believe the modifi-
cation of the contract proposed not to be injuuous
to the. public service; and if it will be beneficial
to the publishers, it will be because of their eco-
nomical management of the publication.
Mr. ANTHONY. I only wish to say that 1
fully concur with the other members of the Com-
mittee on Printing in the propriety of this amend-
ment. Whether the contract was wisely made
in the beginning or not, is not now for us to in-
quire. It remains for us to carry it out, and I
believe this modification will not increase the cost
to the Government at all. Whatever Gales &
Scaton may make by it, will be the sum which
they can do the work for less than we could, and
it will promote public convenience and ti-y. whole
progress of the publication.
Mr. KING called for (he yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. BAYARD. Before the vote is taken, I
merely want to ascertain a single fact from the
chairman of the Committee on Printing; and that
