862
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
noss. of the Senate, I can address them on that
sobjfect to-morrow; and I hope that the honorable
Senator from New Hampshire will not move that
the Senate adjourn from to-day over until Mon-
day next. I know it has been usual to adjourn
over from Thursday until Monday; but as I de-
sire not to trespass upon the ordinary business of
the Senate, if it be agreeable to them, I would pre-
fer to address the Senate to-morrow.
Mr. SLIDELL. I understand that to-morrow,
and all subsequent Fridays, have been expressly
assigned for the consideration of private bills, so
that°the object of the gentleman would not be
attained 
Mr. FOOT. Not until after this wsek.
Mr. IVERSON. After this week.
Mr. SLIDELL. If it can be understood that
the Senator will address the Senate, without any
other business being transacted here, I shall cer-
tainly have no objection to the Senate sitting to-
morrow.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I hope, then, that the
honorable Senator from New Hampshire will
withdraw his motion, and move that when the
Senate adjourns on Friday, it be to meet on Mon-
day next.
Mr. IVERSON. I hope that the Senate will
not adjourn over until Monday, but will sit to-
morrow, if for no other purpose than to accom-
modate the honorable Senator from Wisconsin.
I see no' reason why we should adjourn over to-
morrow. We have been in session now nearly
< three months, and have never sat on any Friday
or Saturday. I am sure the committees have had
time enough to mature all the business, or nearly
all the business, before them. At any rate there
is more business matured than the Senate will ever
transact. We have now at least one hundred pri- 1
vate bills upon the calendar, and it is hardly of
any use to go on and consider more private busi-
ness in the committees. I apprehend that we have
more business before us than we shall be able to
?et through with, if we sat every day of the week.
t is high time, I think, that we proceed to busi-
ness. I trust we shall not adjourn over Friday.
I shall call for the yeas and nays if there is a dis-
position to adjourn over.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President  
Mr. HALE. I withdraw the motion, as there
is so much fuss made about it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Now, I move that when
the Senate adjourns to-morrow, it be to meet on
Monday next.
The motion was agreed to
HOUR OF MEETING.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire to call up the mo-
tion that was submitted a few days ago, fixing the
hour of meeting at twelve o'clock.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the following order, submitted by Mr.
IIamlin, on Monday last:
Ordered, That the dailyhour of the meeting of the Senate
be twelve o'clock, meridian, until otheiwu?e ordered.
Mr. GWIN. Say from and after Monday next.
Mr. HAMLIN. I introduced the motion my-
self, and I think 1 can modify it. I modify it,
then, by saying "on and after Monday next."
Mr. MA-bON". I shall certainly not stand in
the way of the opinion of the Senate if they choose
to change the hour; but I think we have done very
well under a meeting at one o'clock. The busi-
ness before the committees, as far as I know—cer-
tainly before those with which I am connected—
is very large and very onerous; and it would be
prejudicial, so far as I am informed, to the busi-
ness of tho committees, that we should meet at
an earlier hour. I hope, therefore, yielding per-
fectly to the majority of the Senate, that we shall
not agree to this motion.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. BINGHAM, and others,
called for the yeas and nays; and they were or-
dered.
Mr. PUGH. I concur with the Senator from
Virginia, that the hour of meeting at one o'clock
has given to the committees more ample facilities
for the transaction of business; and at this stage
of the session we had better continue it. I shall
then-fore vote against fixing the hour of meeting
at twelve o'clock.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 24, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bingham, Krngg, Chandler,Clark, Cling-
man> Collaujer, DooJitUe. Fessendsn, Fitch, Green^Gnme*,
Gvvtn, Ilamlin, Harlan, Haun, Ilunter, Iver*on, Lane,
Nicholson, Powell, Saulsbury, Simmons, Ten Eyck, and
Wade—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bavard, Benjamin, Bright,
Ctacsnut, Clay, Davis, Dixon, Durkce, Fitspatiick, Foster,
Ha]e, Hammond, Hemphill, Johnson of Tennessee, Ma-
son, Pearcc, Polk, Tugii, Hice, Sevraid, Slide!!, Sumner,
Toombs, Trumbull, Wigfail, Wilkinson, and Wilson—28.
So the motion was not agreed to.
SALE OP ARMS.
Mr. DAVIS. I asked the Senate to consider a
bill the other day, and it was postponed until two
o'clock to-day. It is a few minutes after that
time. I do not wish to trespass on the time of |
the Senate, but I hope the bill may be passed j
without any discussion. The Senators who pro- j
posed the postponement did so in order to under- ;
stand the bill, and will probably understand it by j
its bare reading. j
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill under ;
the coiurol of the Senator from Louisiana is the !
first order of business, if insisted on. j
Mr. SLIDELL. I shall not object to the con- ;
sideration of this bill if it leads to no discussion. !
I have reason to apprehend that it will, however, j
The motion of Mr. Davis was agreed to; and j
the Senate resumed the consideration of the bill j
(S. No. 45) to authorize the sale of public arms :
to the several States and Territories, and to regu- j
late the appointment of superintendents of the na-
tional armories; the question being on ordering
the bill to be engrossed and read the third time.
Mr. HALE. I move to strike the second sec-
tion out of the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. You had better strike out
the first.
Mr. HALE. Those who wantthe first strick-
en out, may move it, but I do not care about it.
Tins is a matter that, until within a year or tw ,
has been before Congress, I think, ever since I
have had the honor of a seat here. I know it
was contested year after year. Delegations from
the mechanics at the places where these armories
are, from Massachusetts and from Virginia, were
here beseeching Congress to interfere; and after
a very long deliberation, which continued for
many years, Congress deliberately adopted the
present system, placing the armories, which are,
in fact, substantially manufactories and nothing
else, under civil superintendence. I do not know
that the discretion that was reposed in the Exec-
utive was or was not wisely exercised; but I
know that it was a subject which occasioned very
great interest in the country at that time, and
amongst the mechanics especially. I had no
very great feeling upon it; I do not know that I
haa any at all; but I know that I was appealed to
both by my acquaintances in the Army and in the
civil service, and the subject was deliberated and
debated upon a great while. These changes, 1
think, had been made heretofore. I think once,
whilst Mr. Bell was Secretary of War, the change
was made by the simple order of the Secretary.
Am I not right ? The chairman of the committee
says I am not right; but the change was made.
Mr. DAVIS. The change was made, but not
by a simple order of the Secretary of War. It
was by act of Congress, which it is now proposed
to repeal.
Mr. HALE. The change was made by an act
of Congress in 1854; but was the change that was
made when Mr. John Bell, of Tennessee, was
Secretary of War, made by an act of Congress?
My impression is—I may be mistaken in it—that
when Mr. Bell was Secretary of War, he made it
of his own authority, and without an act of Con-
i gress; and since that, after it had been changed
I several times, it was fixed by law—not in a hurry,
j not without much deliberation, and not without
a very earnest remonstrance from the mechanics
> that were employed in these manufactories, against
I being subjected ro what they called military rule.
| It is natural with the chairman of the Committee
I on Military Affairs, from his education and posi-
! tion and life, that he should have a little preju-
j dice m favor of the military superintendence; and
[ when I say that, I say nothing more than that he
| is, like other men, subject to the influences and
1 prejudices of his life and education. I do know
j thai, at that time, there v.*as a very general re-
, pugmmce expressed against this measure; and
( m Massachusetts, the gentleman whom we have
| lately confirmed as collector of the city of Bos-
j ton was appointed to superintend the armory at
: Springfieltl, and I thmk it was an exceedingly
acceptable appointment. If there is any presumed
necessity for this measure, on account of any-
thing growing out of the late seizure of the arm-
ory at Harper's Ferry—and I apprehend that, in
fact, that excitement is what has occasioned this
bill—I should like to know it. It seems to me
that we should not reverse a policy that has been
deliberately adopted, from a feeling growing out
of what is-an extraordinary, and may be said to
be an accidental fact. If there are any particular
reasons why'it should be done, I am not strenu-
ous about it. I do not know a single man in one
of these armories; I know nothing about them;
hut if there are any reasons why this change
should be made, I hope the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs will favor the Senate
with them.
Mr. DAVIS. I will not argue the question,
because I will not consume the time of the Sen-
ate. If it be needful to argue the question at all,
I will do it at some other time and on some other
bill. I will meiely state now to the Senator from
New Hampshire that it was rather, I think, in-
terested persons, than the mechanics, who me.de
the clamor on a former occasion. Persons who
were prejudiced against particular superintend-
ents, or persons who hoped to be superintendents
themselves, I think, made the principal part of the
clamor. The mechanics in the armories, I be-
lieve, were well content. But the principal motive
which urges me now to recommend the change,
is the fact which has come to my knowledge from
an ordnance officer m whom 1 have full confidence,
and who has been charged with inspection, that
the decline in manufacture at Harper's Ferry has
been so great that now the arms will not inter-
change; whereas ithas beenforsome twelve years
the boast of our country that not only would all
the arms made at each armory interchange, but
that arms from the two armories would inter-
change wherever they were brought together.
This is the result of putting men in charge of the
armories who have had no special training; who
have no special interest; who exercise no,discip-
line; who, it is to be feared, are electioneering with
the men rather than performing their duties as
public officers. That is my reason. It may go
for what it is worth. If the Senate think proper
to retain the system of civil superintendence, they
can strike out the second section.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to hearfrom
the chairman of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs what the reasons are upon which the first
section is founded.
Mr. DAVIS. It is, that the volunteer compa-
nies of the States desiring arms, may purchase
them of the Government manufacture. It is a
long-settled policy—and I think a wise one on the
part of the United States—to furnish arms, of the
approved pattern for the public service, to the mili-
tia. The appropriation which is made to supply
the militia annually with arms, lias not been found
sufficient. There are constant applications for
arms beyond the quota. The Secretary of War
has no authority to issue them beyond the fixed
allowance to each State, being its pro rata share
of the arms which may be made with $200,000.
The Secretary of War, under that pressure, has
this year recommended that the appropriation for
the arming of the militia should be increased. In
the mean time there are volunteer companies with
State appropriations anxious to obtain arms if
they will be furnished. If the Congress thinks
proper to exclude them from the purchase of
arms from the armories, then they must go to
private establishments, and get patterns which are
not those established by the Government—arms
which I believe to be inferior; and arms which,
if they were brought into the service of the United
States, in the event of tho country being involved
in war, would not receive the ammunition which
the Government supplies. If they are to buy arms
at all, it is therefore advantageous that they should
buy the Government pattern.
There is another reason. We have machinery,
shops, and power, which wouldcnable us, with a
sufficient appropriation, to make at what is called
the full plan, forty thousand stand of arms per
annum. Our appropriation but enables the arm-
ories to make eighteen thousand per annum. The
difference between the two, then, could be made
without increasing the work-shops, the machin-
ery, or the power; and if this money was fur-
nished by purchases on the part of the militia,
