I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
441
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Slavery Question—Mr. Edwards.
Ho. ok Reps.
enslaved without trial, or, if with trial, among |
strangers,-and far removed from all the evidence :
of his right to liberty.
If there shall be any difficulty in combining in
a law these two conditions—certainty in the re-
covery of slave property and entire safety of the :
free citizen, they hold the former must give way,
for, as it is an approved maxim of law that it is
"better that ninety-nine guilty persons shall es-
cape than that one innocent person shall suffer,"
so it is no less a maxim of justice and humanity
that it would be far better that ninety-nine bond-
men should escape to liberty than that one free
citizen should be made a slave. To those who
would pursue, recapture, and reenslave the poor
fugitive, who has yielded to some dream of the
sweets of liberty, they would say, take your
pound of flesh if you will; we have no right to
stay you. " It is so nominated in the bond;"
but if, in so taking it, you touch one jot or tittle
of a freeman's right, you must answer it to a
Iranian's law. They reserve, too, to themselves
the right to decide how far they will personally
aid in the execution of any law to enforce that
provision.
Upon this point I am assured that I speak their
sentiments when 1 say that, while they will not
obstruct the execution of such law, they will not
participate in it any further than they shall be
compelled by law. They will leave its execution
to those who claim its benefits, and to the author-
ities to whom the law itself intrusts it. Unfamil-
iar with the relation of master and slave, opposed
to it in sentiment and in principle, having drawn
their fiist breath in an atmosphere redolent of
liberty and equal rights, and been nurtured and
educated under institutions which resneef i he rights
of all; having been taught to regard those great
principles which were announced to the world
preparatory to our advent as a notion as some-
thing more and better than unmeaning generali-
ties,' it is abhorent to every sentiment of their
hearts, and to every dictate of their consciences,
to aid m capturing, binding, and foicmg back into
a life of endless servitude a fellow being, guilty
of no crime cxcept that " of a skin not colored
like their own," who has yielded to his aspirations
for. freedom, and has sought, this boon among
those who, enjoying it, should be supposed to
know its value, and to sympathize with those to
whom it is 'denied. They concede, too, the obli-
gation that rests upon them, m common with all
the people of their State, to abstain from all inter-
ference with the local customs, usages, and policy
of the peopk of any othei State. They hold that,
being under no responsibility for the action of
any local government other than their own, no
duty rests upon them to attempt to direct or ad-
vise in relation to its administration, or to pass
judgment upon its ordinances or its measures,
except so far as shall be necessary to preserve a
sound and healthy public sentiment among them-
selves. They claim no right to impose upon
another people missionaries to instruct them in
their duties, or refowners to improve their morals,
or emissaries to generate disturbance in their so-
cial arrangements, or armed forces to excite in-
surrection or rebellion. And they believe that
if there were no attempts m any of the States to
extend their peculiar local interests, sanctioned
only by their local laws, beyond their State lim-
its,'and to place them in contact with the people
of other States, to whom they are obnoxious, and
to invoke national protection and support to sup-
ply the absence of State authority, all agitation ot
the slavery question would cease, ami the ancient
harmony between the sections be restored.
Having thus stated, in behalf of my district and
State, what they concede to this great slave prop-
erty interest, it "is but proper that I should state
what they deny. In a word, then, I may say that
they deny to it any rights outside of the limits ot
the States in which it exists, except the rightof
reclamation heretofore conceded. They deny us
right, under any pretext, to maintain the relation
of master and slave in a free State, pro memento
temporis, cxcept when capturing and returning
him to servitude. They hold that the voluntary
taking of a slave into such State is. virtually,
emancipation, and that he may avail himself of
it to that effect, under the protection of its laws,
if he will; and that the fact that the owner may
be only in transit through such State, or tempo-
rarily sojourning therein, forms no exception to
the rule. They are aware that the right of transit
would easily be enlarged into temporary resi-
dence, and that that, in turn, would be likely to
be so extended as to approach very near to per-
manent inhabitancy; and they feel, therefore, that
there is no security against the contamination of
this, to them, obnoxious ownership, but in meet-
ing and repelling it at the threshold. Claiming
no right for aJState in which slavery does not
exist to control or modify or in any way to inter-
fere with that relation in a State where it does,
they admit no right in the latter State to force
that relation upon the former in any form or to
any extent. In relation to this, as to all other
subjects of exclusive State jurisdiction, they hold
each State within its sphere to be sovereign and
supreme.
2. They concur with all Republicans elsewhere
in the denial to the owner of slave property of
the right to hold it, and be protected in its enjoy-
ment, in the Territories of the Union. On this,
the great issuo between the sections, their opinion
is fixed and unchangeable. They make no issue
as to his right to take such property into a Ter-
ritory, or a State, or wherever else on the broad
earth he has the power to take it, if there shall be
no law there to forbid it; but they believe that if
he takes it into n Territory or a State, he takes
it, as he would into a foreign country, at the
hazard of finding there no legal protection to his
ownei ship, and of having it denied and prohibited.
They deny the natural right of any man to hold
property in another; and also deny that the Con-
stitution of the United States recognizes any such
right as established or maintained under national
jurisdiction. They believe that whatever of rec-
ognition relating to such right there is in that in-
strument, is a recogntion not of the right itself,
but only of the right of the States, each to regulate
their own dorm stic affairs in theii own way, in
the exercise of powers reserved; and that it is to
the exercise of such powers alone that slavery
must look for support against the crushing c.on-
; demnation of the civilized and Christian world.
! They believe further that this nation holds its
great unoccupied domain in trust for higher uses
than to he converted into a great field for slave
laborers and slave breeding. They believe that
Providence had a higher purpose in pennitting
the Anglo-Saxon race to dispossess and exterm-
inate tlie aboriginal occupants, than merely to
make room forthe spread of an unhallowed in-
stitution, pernicious alike to the owner and the
owned. That, on the contrary, he designs it to
be a great inheritance for the support of freemen,
by free labor,under free institutions; and that, as
it'shall be overspread by an industrious and in-
telligent population, cultivating all the useful arts,
and in a later period the ornamental, it is des-
tined, m years to come, to be th * same on winch j
is to be exhibited 'he moat perfect condition of j
human society that the world has yet known; i
and the}' would feel that they were participating !
in a violation of this trust, if they did not piotest i
against and resist its abuse. !
3. They deny the right of this interest, as they '
do the right of any interest, or any paity,orany ;
people, to revive"and ieopen the foreign slave ^
trade, so happily, by general consent, long since ;
discontinued. The Imie suggestion of a renewal ,
of this tiuly uifi'i mil tiaflic excites emotions of
disgust and horroi. Its etrocmes aie yet fresh j
in the recollection of many, and their history is
known to all. That such purpose is entertained, ;
to some extent, has been openly avowed by the
less cautious and the hesitating; and the qualified ;
teplies of eminent gentlemen on this lloor during ,
the discussions of the session, when inquired of |
; as to their opinions upon the subject, show that '
i it has been iv.ore extensively entertained, and ;
i more favorably rcgatded, than has been openly '
i admitted. They believe that if the time shall ever ,
come when its ciimes and inhumanities shall be |
i again legalized by this nation, the act will and i
, should call down from the Almighty Ruler of the ^
| Universe a measuie of retribution like that which :
was poured out, on account ot the lr mani'oSd im- ■
j quities, upon the ancient cities of the Old World. ;
! The incipient successful movements in this diiec- !
i non, without law, and in defiance of law, already !
excite alarm, and, unless promptly repressed by
the strong arm of the Government, will be Re-
garded as impliedly licensed, or at least tolerated;
and will increase, until we shall have all the evils
of the traffic under the prohibitions of the law,
that we could have under its sanction.
4. They are opposed to the further acquisition
of slave territory, and will resist, sis far as they
have the power, the acquisition of any such ter-
ritory where slavery is likely to be permanently
continued, unless it shall be forced upon the na-
tion by some great controlling necessity.
5. They deny wholly and unqualifiedly what
is claimed as the right of peaceful secession, the
right of any State or number of States to with-
draw from the Confederacy at pleasure. They
find no reservation of any such right made by,or
in behalf of, any State at the time the Union was
formed; and they believe it would be as compe-
tent for a part of the people of a State, or for a
part of the people of any other nation, to repu-
diate the authority of their Government, as for a
part of the people of this nation, whether of one
State or six, to repudiate the authority of the Gen-
eral Government. They do not admit, as is some-
limes contended, that the right of withdrawal fiom
the Union is deducible from the fact that the States
are ind'pendent sovereignties, and that their as-
sociation with each other is voluntary, and that
thecommon Governmentthey have created is only
a common agency for conducting the business of
the association, revokable at any time at the pleas-
ure of any of the parties, so far as such party is
concerned; but they hold that the sovereignty of
eatfh State was the sovereignty of the people of
the'State; and that, as the people, in the exercise
of thaj.sovereignty, could make, modify, or un-
makjtftheir State government at pleasure, so they
coulu associate, if they so willed, with the peo-
ple of other States, and frame and adopt a Gen-
uial Government, which would be as sovereign
within the sphere they should assign to it, and a.s
enduring as the State governments over which it
was established; and that in the absence of any
limitations, they are to be intended to have so done.
6. Still more emphatically do they deny any
right of violent and defiant movements having for
their object separation and disunion. Or in other *
words, any right of treason and revolt. The
right to withdraw against the general will a part
of the supports upon which our political fabric
rests, is simply the right utterly to destroy it, and
to involve all who repose under its shelter, m all
the evils of disorganization and anarchy. A dec-
laiation of opinions upon this and the preceding
topic would have seemed to be uncalled for, ana,
therefore, unwarranted, but for the open, oft-
repeated assertion on this floor, not by one, but
by many, of the right to resort to the proceedings
to whit h the one oi the other relates as a remedy
for anticipated ills.
In presenting thus briefly and imperfectly the
views of my constituents, my district, and State,
I desire to be undeistood as lefernng to a major-
ity of the people of both—to the Republican party
in both. On these subjects I feel commissioned
to speak only foi them. I should be warranted,
however, I think, in going fuither than this, and
m saying that, in my belief, a huge portion of the
Democratic party in both tin; district and State
concut in these views substantially. Fiom 1846
to 1850 that party, by their leaders in all their con-
ventions and on all other occasions, expressed
their hostility to slavery, to its encroachments,
and its further extension, in language moie de-
cided than any I have used. And I have yet to
learn that the masses of the party have retracted
or changed, notwithstanding the leadei shave been
compelled to soften and modify the tone they then
held to meet the ever-shifting phases of southern
dictation.
But, however it may be with the divided,dis-
couraged, and diminishing northern Democracy
wherever situated, and with the Republicans m
other States, the Republicans of New Hampshire
will stand by the doorincs I have asserted for
tlum, not only in sunshine, but in storm; not only
in the hour of safety, but in the hour of peril;
not only m victory, but, if need be, in defeat.
They aic piepaied tosustain them without falter-
ing, and to eairy them out hi their practical oper-
ation; and they will give to the candidates of the
