1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
MS
you would go on as now, increasing your own
supply of arms and using the money supplied by
the militia to work up the full establishment.
You would arm the militia more rapidly than can
b« done by such appropriations as the Congress
will, and, I believe, ought to make. These are
the reasons.
Mr. FESSENDEN. X am not disposed to con-
trovert, or attempt to controvert, the statements
that arc made by the Senator from Mississippi in
relation to the first section 1 simply wanted to
know the reasons for it, and lie.has given them.
In regard to the second section, I think that the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
is somewhat in error as to the cause of the diffi-
culty. I happened to be very much acquainted
with it at the time. I am in favor of the second
section, arid 1 have always been in favor of having
these armories under military superintendence. I
remember that when I was a member of the
Twenty-Seventh Congress there was very much
difficulty on the subject. A change had been made
shortly before that. The difficulty did arise from
the complaints of the workmen at that time. I
know that that was the case, particularly in Spring-
field. At the head of the armory in Springfield
was placed an officer of the ordnance corps, who
I know very well, and in whom I have very great
confidence, Colonel Ripley—not then Colonel—
and he introduced sundry reforms into that arm-
ory which he thought necessary. The work-
men in the armory had, previous to that time,
got pretty much the control of it; that is, they
controlled all their own business; they worked
by the job and they had the control of their hours.
I believe that tlie natural tendency in all such
cases is, where the armories are under civil super-
intendents, appointed by the Government, they
are apt to degenerate somewhat into political ma-
chines, and their desire of pleasing the workmen
politically is very apt to influence the operation
itself. Reforms, or what were thought to be re-
forms, were introduced into that armory at the
time. I speak of that, for I know nothing about
the other, and it occasioned a very great excite-
ment. They were placed under rules and orders;
time was fixed for the workmen, and itoccasioned
very great excitement, undoubtedly. It was
brought before the Twenty-Seventh Congress,
and Congress sustained the action of the Depart-
ment, and in a very few years what before had
become quite unpopular, became popular there.
It was found that great reforms were introduced;
but after a period it was deemed advisable in some
quarters to put the armories under civil superin-
tendence again, and the question wasagainbrought
up. I thought at the time, and think now, that it
was carried through more with a political design
than from any expectation or hope of benefitting
the Government by introducing improvements
into the armories.
Now,.sir, I think that it Is perfectly manifest
that the expense of civil superintendents should
be saved in the first place. We have officers of
the ordnance corps who ought to be acquainted
with that business. It is their duty; and no doubt
they are fully acquainted with it. We have offi-
cers who certainly must know more than any civil
superintendent, as suggested by the honorable
Senator from Mississippi; and I have only to
close, as I began, by saying that, for these rea-
sons, in view of what I have believed to be the
experience of the armories for twenty years, and
what I think recent events have demonstrated, it
is not only advisable but absolutely necessary, for
the interests of this Government, that they should
be placed under the control of men who know
what they want to do, and are able to see that it
is done. I have always been in favor of it, and
I am now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire to strike out the second section of the bill.
Mr. HALE. 1 ask for the yeas and nays on
that. I should like to ask the honorable Senator
from Maine, and the honorable Senator from Mis-
sissippi, if there are not private establishments in
this country, carried on by private enterprise alto-
gether, and under civil superintendence, that make
as good arms, and rather better, than what you
make in your armories? I would instance Col-
onel Colt's manufactory, at Hartford.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is a different kind
of arm.
Mr. HALE. So it is; a better kind, though.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will answer the honor-
able Senator in one word. If you could make a
national armory a private establishment, by which
the owners are to make money according as they
have good arms, it might be done; but when you
put people over them who have salaries, who are
political men, appointed for their politics, and
more desirous to accommodate a party than they
are to aid the Government, as is the case nine hun-
dred and ninety-nine times out of every thousand,
you will not get it done. There is a great differ-
ence between an establishment managed by men^
who have salaries for taking care of it, and those
who manage their works for themselves, on their
own account, with their own funds, and whose
interest is dependent on the character of work they
get done.
Mr. HALE. I am in great hopes that we shall
have an Administration soon that will adopt the
very course the Senator recommends, and appoint
better men. I think the evil has arisen, in a great
degree, as the Senator says, from the Administra-
tion selecting improper men. I believe that when
the system was first adopted of appointing civil
superintendents—I do not mean the last time, but
the time before—they appointed a clergyman to
superintend the armory at Springfield, becausc he
was a political man. But the fact is, that you will
find the question I put, in regard to Colt's factory
at Hartford, is not answered. They make better
arms there; and, if I understand the term of the
Senator from Mississippi, they make arms there
that interchange perfectly.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 will not discuss the question
with the Senator. I will barely tell him, however,
that he is speaking of a special arm, and that it
has been brought to that perfection by the fact of
the Government buying it, sending its inspectors,
trained in this military establishment, as it lias
been termed, who have forced that establishment
up to the perfection which it now has; and the
superintendent has returned his thanks for the j
rigor of the inspection sent from the national arm- !
ory which has perfected his own establishment. I
Mr. HALE. They could go to our factories '
just in the same way, if we had civil superintend-
ents; but I do not want to make a speech. I simply
ask for the yeas and nays on my amendment.
Mr. PUGH. I think the Army has got posses-
sion of enough departments of this Government.
It controls all the expenditures for river and har-
bor improvements; it controls the quartermaster's
and the commissary's departments. It has been
put out of the armories by act of Congress, and
now wants to go back. I said once before, that
I thought the ordnance corps was a supernumer-
ary institution, peculiar, I think, to our Army, and
ought to be abolished. Now, it seems, we are to
provide employment for them by giving them the
control of the armories. As 1 said, the Army
controls too much. It controls the public build.-
ings—the Capitol and Treasury extension. We
cannot build ahouse, or dredge a river or harbor,
but we put the work under a military officer. We
had bettergive them the whole Government, at the
rate we are going on.
Mr. SIMMONS. I asked that this bill be post-
poned the other day, in order that I might read it.
I recollect a discussion some twelve or fourteen
years ago when these civil engineers were ap-
pointed- 
Mr. SLIDELL. With the permission of the
Senator from Rhode Island 
Mr. SIMMONS. I think I will say a few
words, with the permission of the Senator from |
Louisiana. I
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator !
from Rhode Island is entitled to the floor. i
Mr. SLIDELL. This bill was taken up with :
the distinct understanding that it would not be J
persisted in if it should lead to discussion. j
Mr. DAVIS. I cannot persist in it now, if it !
is to be debated. !
Mr. SIMMONS. I wish to say a very few j
words, as it is up I wish to call the attention of j
the chairman of the committee to the fact that he
now proposes to turn the armories into a machine ,
shop, run upon Government account, to sell arms.
Is this in accordance with strict construction' .
Of all the branches of business I ever knew the i
General Government to undertake, a proposition j
to go to manufacture guns for sale is the most ;
enormous oae; and especially to put it under the r
superintendence of military men. " f have no idea;
myself that the Government of the United States
can manufacture arms within twenty per cent, as*
cheap as any private armory in the country. ' If
these men want arms faster than we can make
them and give them to them, they can buy them
elsewhere. I suppose we distribute $200,000
worth a year gratuitously to the States; that is
well enough, because they go to people who
would not buy them; but to set up this Govern-
ment to manufacturing on its own account and
risk will tend to ruin the country.
Those whopresentsuch a proposition talk about
a want of power to build a military road; but they'
can find power to go to manufacturing arms for
sale at the expense of the Government. I was
not going to make any objection to the return to
military rule in these armories, because I was
informed that they had been very unfortunate in
the selection of men to superintend the Harper's
Ferry armory, though without any such misfor-
tune in Massachusetts, for I understood that had
been properly conducted. If we have only two,
and one out of the two is badly conducted, 1 think
it is safe to go back to the old system; but I have
no doubt that, if the appointments were made in
reference to the skill of the men, instead of their
politics, we should have a good superintendent
at each place—a great deal better that you can
have by the system of military superintendence.
I have had some little experience about machine
shops, and I do not think it wants a great deal
of military rigor to make the peopie work well;
it wants a"little sound sense. These arms would
interchange as well under civil superintendents as
military superintendents. As to manufacturing
guns for sale, it is the last mode in which I would
undertake to supply the country with arms. It
would cost two dollars for one.
Mr. MASON. I cannot allow the vote to be
taken, in justice to the section from which I come,
without expressing an earnest hope that the sec-
ond section will not be stricken out. We have
had some experience at the Harper's Ferry arm-
ory of the consequences resulting from a want of
that habit of discipline which military education'
inspires. At the Harper's Ferry armory, indes
pendent of the immense sums expended for the
machinery, there is always on deposit a very
large amount of public property. There is an
arsenal there in which there is every year a very
large deposit of public arms manufactured; and
besides that, there is always a very large deposit
of public money kept there for the use of the arm-
ory. We know that, on a very recent occasion,
a banditti of some fifteen or twenty men were
enabled to get possession of the whole of it, and
to hold possession for some twenty-four hours.
From what 1 sawand heard there,1 could but feel
assured that, if there had been a man of military
experience, military training and education, in
charge of that armory, even without having any
previous-disciplined corps, his early habits and
the training of his education would have enabled
him in a very few hours to get together a sufficient
police, with arms in their hands, to expel them.
It was accidental, and purely accidental, that this
banditti did notget possession of the public money
—to the amount, I understood, of some seventeen
or eighteen thousand dollars—from not knowing
where it was; but it was there, in fact, within a
very few feet of them, and accessible.
I was in the Senate at the time this change was
made; and I agree with theiionorable Senator who
is at the head of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs. In my country, at least, that change was
brought about, not by dissatisfaction originating
among the workmen, but a dissatisfaction fo-
mented and created in the workshops by inter-
ested parties out of doors, who wanted to enjoy
the Federal patronage. They fomented the dis-
satisfaction; they got it up.  1 do not know what
is the feeling among the workmen there now;
I have never inquired into it; but I am satisfied
that the public interests requite that this, which
is a military establishment, should be in military
charge; and the public property should not be left
there, as it has been, exposed to depredation.
I was impressed with the fact that so large an
amount of public property was left under the^sole
safeguard, every night, of a watchman taken irom
that class of men who are generally infirm or old—
incapable of anything but merely, as watchman, to
give warning. Thatwholepublic property wasleft
