1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
is, whether the modification of the contract that
he proposes, is made with the assent of the con-
tracting parties. 1 do not see our authority to
alter the contract without their assent in any one
respect more than in another.
Mr. FITCH. The parties asked the original
price; but subsequently assented last year to a
proposition to so amend the contract as to receive
$10 50 a volume, and pay all expenses. This
year they assented to an amendment by which
ten per cent, should be taken off, which would
amount to about the same thing as last year's pro-
posed amendment. After the committee had de-
termined to introduce the present proposition to
amend, the contractors were asked if they would
assent; and that assent, I have reason to believe,
was reluctantly given. They were first asked if
they would surrender the contract wholly, and
cease the publication. The committee preferred
that course. That was last year. They declined
doing so, on the ground that they had made con-
tracts with paper-makers and others from which
they could not relieve themselves. To the pres-
ent proposition they have assented—one of the
parties at least; I have never seen but one. He
has assented, though, as I have already said, I
believe somewhat unwillingly.
Mr. BAYARD. One more question. When
the honorable Senator assumes the cost per vol-
ume of the former edition at $11 50, does that in-
clude the sums paid to our officers for the com-
pilation and all the expenses?
Mr. FITCH. We paid that amount, or not
ipore than that, independent of clerk hire.
Mr. BAYARD. Paid to the contractors ?
Mr. FITCH. Paid to the contractors. We
paid the incidental expenses in addition.
Mr. BAYARD. Then §11 50 a volume was
paid for the mere publication before.
Mr. FITCH. For the mere publication—paid
Gales & Seaton independent of the clerical hire.
Mr. BAYARD. There is a restriction, how-
ever, in the present law, which would reduce that,
because tile cost was not to exceed the price now
paid for public printing, being much lower than
it was at the time the original compilation of State
Papers was published. I am not willing to vote
to break any contract without the consent of the
contractor, which Congress has chosen to author-
ize its officers to enter into, much as I may be op-
posed to making such a contract, and much as_I
am always opposed to Congress undertaking, in
a law, to specify the terms of a contract. It is
better to give a proper discretionary authority to
a public officcr of administrative capacity, and
hold him responsible for the due execution of the
object they have in view. I cannot vote for the
amendment as I look at it, unless it is made with
the assent of the contractors, and then I feel a
doubt as to some part of it; because it gives the
selection, as welt as the compilation of these doc-
uments, not to your own officers, but to the con-
tractors for the publication.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have consented to pan-
off on this question with the honorable Senator
from Connecticut, [Mr. Dixon.]
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 24, nays 14; as follows;
ye \S — Messrs. Anthony, Bigicr. Bright, Brown, Cam-
eron, CUesnut, Clark, i);ivis, Pitch, Foot, l;o^t3r. Hale,
Hammond, Hemphill, Kennedy, Lane, MaJoiy,
Simmon*, Sumnci, Ten K> ck, Thomson, Wade, and \V llk-
'"^YS-Messr-v Bayard, Bragg, Fessenden, Harlan, Hun -
ter Iveison. Jo'm=on ot' Arkansas, Johnson ot 1 ennebsee,
King,Latham, Polk, Saulsbury, Slidcll, and loombs—14.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Air. BROWN. I have a number of amend-
ments from the Committee on the District of
Columbia. If it be the pleasure of the Senate,
I will go on now, but I perceive that it is live
o'clock. ^
Mr TOOMBS. 1 hope the Senator will con-
tinuc, and that we shall get through with this bill
10Mr.'BROWN. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia to offer the fol-
lowing amendment, to come in after line two hun-
dred and sixteen:
section with said avenue to the navy-yard gate, ijj.OJO.
The amendment was agreed to.
Air. BROWN. I am instructed by the same
committee to offer the following amendment, to
come in after line two hundred and five:
And to insure a proper economy in the expenditure of
this, and al! other sums appropriated for gas, the President
of the United States is hereby authorized to appoint a com-
petent superintendent of gas, whose duty it si* ail be to see
liiat all illuminating gas sold in the District of Columbia is
made of proper materials and correctly measured to the
Government, and all other consumers; and the act incor-
porating the Washington Gas Light Company is hereby so
amended as to piohibit said company trom receiving at
present more than thirty-five cents, and after the 30th day
of Juno, 1861, more than thirty eentsforevery onehundred
cubic feet of gas furnished by it to any consumer. The
said superintendent of gas shall receive for his services an
annual salary of .$1,500, to be paid out of the national
Ticasury, and that sum is hereby appropriated for the fiscal
year ending the 30th of June, 1861.
Mr. ANTHONY. Does that limit the price
of gas?
Mr. BROWN. Yes, sir.
Mr. TSOOMBS. Thirty-five cents a hundred
feet for the first period, and thirty cents after-
ward.
Mr. ANTHONY. Have we a right to fix the
price at which the company shall sell gas?
Mr. BROWN. 1 will say that when Congress
chartered this company, the chartcr contained a
clause reserving the right to alter, amend, and
change it at pleasure. This is the result of agree-
ment, to avoid any controversy. I think it is the
best thing we can do.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BROWN. I am instructed by the same
committee to oifer the following amendment, to
come in after line two hundred and twenty-seven:
For curbing, paving foot-walk and gutter, laying s-tonc
foot-way, and grading the south side of Missouri avenue
fiom Thiid to Si.uh  ueets west, $1,939 37.
Mr. TOOMBS. I should like to know from
the chairman of the District Committee what this
is for?
Mr. BROWN. I will explain it in a single
word. By two acts of Congress, which are noted
on the amendment as I have sent it to the desk,
Congress has agreed that whenever the owners of
one side of the street paved their side, it would
pave the other side. The private owners have
paved their side, and now it is proposed that we
shall pave ours.
Mr. TOOMBS. All right.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BROWN. By instruction of the same
committee, I propose" this amendment, to come
in after line two hundred and twenty-nine:
For the pinehn-e of five hundred copies of the map of
tlie ill--'.:it:!, of Col'msbia, made by A. Bot-cho, at a cost
not exceeding five dollars per copy, $2,500.
This map is a very well drawn one. It conies
recommended by the Superintendent of the Coast
Survey, the bureau of topographical engineers,
the surveyor of the District of Columbia, and the
Secretary of the Interior. The committee have
very closely examined the subject, and think it is
.very accurately drawn. As there is no Legisla-
ture, except Congress, for the District of Colum-
bia, to give patronage to a work of this sort, and :
it is impossible to publish it without the aid of
Congress, the committee thought it proper to
provide for it.
Mr. TOOMBS. I do not think that is a very
sound rule. The States may, if they choose, gi\ e
patronage to maps; but it seems to me that if a j
map of this city is good for anything, it can be
sold. If §1,000 is the profit of thisman,giveitto
him and let him not use the materials for making
the map. We do not want five hundred maps.
1 would rather give liini *-1,000 and not have the
maps. Then we should save §1,500.
Mr. BROWN. I do not want to protract de-
bate 011 a subject of this sort; but 1 wiil say that
the Government otlicers here all ihink that this
map would be of great service to the Govern-
ment. The Government is buying property and
making drainage. It is hardly possible that 1
should explain"it in a few words; but this map
shows the elevations and descents of the whole
District. The Government is constantly ouying
property 'here, and has a great interest m the
sub ect of draining. It is thought that this map
will be useful. If the Senate choose to vote it
down, let theni do it. 1
Mr. HALE. I hope the Government will uo
no such foolish thing as this is. If you want
maps here, I can tell the honorable Senator fiom
Mississippi that there are a set of young men m
the State of Connecticut who have matte them-
selves rich going about the country* and selling
their maps—the finest maps in the world. They
have even been down to Kentucky, atid made
maps of some counties there. If you "want a
map, write to Connecticut, and they will send
you down two young men here that "will make
you a much better map than you' have got, and
instead of asking $2,500 for doing it, they will
make money and put it in their own pockets, and
go home with it. They are doing it al! over the
country. I hope the Government will not go
into this—I would say job, if I had not offended
some delicate ears the other day by using that
word; but I hope the Government will not go
into this thing.
Mr. BROWN. This is not an ordinary map;
it is not a mere topographical map, showing tire
course of the rivers and the latitude and longi-
tude; not merely every lot in the city of Wash-
ington, but every piece of ground in the District
of Columbia has its proper elevation, and a man
of ordinary intelligence, looking at the map, can
tell how high any picce of ground is. I shall
not undertake to say myself that this map will be
of any particular benefit to the Government; hat
if the Government is going to buy lands in the
District, which may require draining, for prison
purposes or any other purpose, a map of this sort
will be of great advantage. Besides, as I said
before, Congress is the only legislative body which
acts for this District. If you do not patronize the
publication of this map, nobody will. Of the peo-
ple living outside of the District, of course, very
few will patronize it, because they have no inter-
est in the matter whatever. I have here, if I
thought proper to annoy the Senate with reading,
abundant evidence from those very much more
familiar with the affairs of the District than I am,
or ever expect to be, the strongest possible rec-
ommendations in favor of this map. They come
fiom the Coast Survey, from the topographical
bureau, from the Department of the Interior, and
all around everywhere. 1 tlo not care much about
it. If the Senate chooses to vote it down, let
them do so.
Mr. PEARCE. We have published a great
number of maps of this city since I liaise been in
Congress. •
Mr. BROWN. That was of the city alone.
This takes in the whole District of Columbia.
Mr. PEARCE. It seems to me we hadbetter
leave the people to make these maps for them-
selves. They do it in the counties of the States.
They have done it in my State.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. BROWN. I am instructed by the same
committee to propose the following amendment
after line two hundred and five:
For lavine pipes for gas, putting up lamp posts and burn-
eis on Four-and-a-half succt, from Maine avenue to the
penitentiary, $11,3<4 6.1, and for lighting the same, when
completed, Willi gas, $52,397.
Mr. TOOMBS. It does not seem to me that
there is any public utility in extending this thing-.
There seems to be considerable objection in the
Senate to it, as was manifested this morning.
Why we should make such a large expenditure
for the extension of gas pipes and lighting with
gas a part of the city where it can be of very small
public utility, I cannot see. I thought, from the
indications this morning, that there was a strong
opposition even to lighting the streets through the
Mall and Georgetown, and certainly I afti disin-
clined to extend it further unless good reasons can
be given for it. .
Mr. BROWN. Senators who have examined
the topography of the city know that Foui-and-
a-half street extends on a direct line from the City
Hall to the arsenal and penitentiary. The Sec-
retary of War, in a letter addressed to myself as
chairman of the District Committee, says that
there is not only economy, but great safety in
doin°- this. The Government has large works at
the foot of Four-and-a-half street, which are now
necessarily lighted with oil and other things, for
which gas is a substitute. Gas is much cheaper
and safer. Yon have to extend the pipes, which
is the great cost, to get to the place at all; ana
then the cost of putting up the gas lights on the
streets amounts to very little, as I can show the
Senate by a reference to the estimates. I hat is
the only explanation I have to make.
The gas company, I understand, do not lay
