THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
their pipes anywhere, unless the citizens along
the line pay a large portion of the expense. You
have extended gas pipes across the Mall; and
theD, I think, it is some thirteen hundred yards
from there to the penitentiary and arsenal, where
the .Government has large works. I know noth-
ing about it except what the officials report to
me. They say there is economy and safety in it.
:Mr. DAVIS. There are no persons living along
the line of the extension of these pipes which
Would justify the gas company in laying them
down; and the case constitutes a complete answer
to the Senator from- Maine in the controversy he
had this morning with the Senator from Georgia.
Unless the Government will compensate the gas
company for laying these pipes down as far as
the arsenal, they have no inducement to put them
there. It is the interest of the Government at the
end of the line. That is all.
Mr. HALE. I hope to see the day when the
penitentiary will be removed from the place where
<t now is, and a more suitable building erected in
better place. I do not think they want gas lights
to find the way there. [Laughter.] I think there
are a good many men of this city and about here,
who find their way to the penitentiary without
getting lighted there by gas. [Laughter.] They
go there fast enough. But as to the arsenal, if I
understand it, that "model arsenal" is not an
arsenal in which there is any work done. It is
an. arsenal in which models are deposited.
Mr. DAVIS. Oh, no. There is an arsenal
there on which the Senator may have seen the
sign " model arsenal."
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir.
Mr. DAVIS. That merely describes that this
is a form of building adopted for arsenals every-
where. It is rather an extensive arsenal. A large
number of employes are at work there constantly
making gun-carriages and other things.
Mr. HALE. 1 think they generally leave off
work before candle-light, and the inmates of the
penitentiary are generally put in close quarters
before candle-light. _ I really think the public in-
terest does not require this appropriation, and I
hope to see-the penitentiary removed entirely..
The amendment was agreed to; there being, on
a divisnjn—ayes 19, noes 17.
Mr.'BROWN. I am instructed* by the same
committee to move the following amendment, to
come in after line one hundred and seventy-nine:
For the erection of a new jail in tlie city of Washington,
($230,01)0, to be expended under the direction of the Secre-
tajy of the inteuoi, who j.-  heiebv authon/.i'd to enter into
contracts foi the building of said jail on the phut p *opo.-ed
In Charles F. Anderson, architect, which was submitted
to the Committee on the District of Columbia, and which
shall be filed with the said Secretary; the said iail to bo
eiecred on Gov eminent jeservation No. 13. in the citv of
Washington, and on the elevation south of the city alms-
house.
This is a controversy which has existed here
for several years. The committee wont in peison
to examine the bite for the erection of the new
jail, on a Government reservation, where it will
cost nothing, and found it, as we thought, an ad-
mirable location for such a building;. We propose
a sum which a very well-instructed architecttells
us will be sufficient to complete the jail. Possi-
bly, the whole appropriation may not be neces-
sary now; but if it is not necessary, it will not be
expended. We just take the sum which the ap-
proved estimate shows is necessary to erect a
proper edifice at this time on a Government res-
ervation, at what we think the proper locality,
which is to cost nothing; and now, after all the
controversy we have had about electing a new
jail, we submit this proposition, with no further J
comment so far as I am concerned.
Mr. TOOMBS. I suppose the place selected is
as good as any, and as to the plan, of course I
should defer to the committee having charge of the
matter; but 1 think there is nothing in the present
finances of the country which warrants us in un-
dertaking new buildings. 1 suppose the old jail
ought to do for criminals a while longer, at all
events. As to any controversy about the jail, 1
know nothing about it; but we are in want of funds
even for necessary purposes, for honest purposes,
contractors; and I suppose we might let
jail birds occupy their present quarters until we
are better off. That is my opinion.
Mr. BROWN. I thought it was universally
admitted that the present jail was a reproach to
the Government, If the Senator from Georgia
had ever looked into it, and seen how persons are
imprisoned there, witnesses and the most des-
perate criminals, youths and old people, all
crowded together, and in a manner that I think is
reproachful to civilization, he would agree with
me. The present building was erected at an early
day, when the city was small and had a popula-
tion of perhaps not more than three or four or live
thousand, but it has now grown up to be a city
of eighty thousand. The Senator from Georgia
says we want a jail fit for the accommodation of
gentlemen. I do not think gentlemen everget into
jail. I never heard of one getting there yet. But
beyond all question it is not proper that persons
who are merely detained as witnesses should be
imprisoned, as they are in Washington, in the
same cells with convicted criminals. It certainly
is not proper that a youth who may be reclaimed
should be put into the same cell with a hardened
felon. That is what you are doing now*and it is
impossible, in the present condition of things, that
it should be otherwise. Now, one word more,
and only one. It belongs to the Government to
provide a prison in Washington for those accused
of crime, or those detained forany purpose. You
keep up the courts here; they are your courts;
everybody who is summoned is summoned in
your name. The matter does not belong to the
city at all. 1 submit the question without another
word.
Mr. BRIGHT. The condition of the Treasury
may form an objection against the amendment
offered by the Senator from Mississippi, but that
is the only substantial reason that can be given
against it. I concur ia all that is said by the Sen-
ator from Mississippi. There is an existing ne-
cessity for a jail in this District. I have had my
attention called to it by the marshal and by the
district attorney. They both concur in the opin-
ion that the present jail is not only insufficient,
but that it is inhuman to put persons there for
the purpose of keeping them any length of time.
I do not pretend to know anything about the
amount necessary. I should suppose the sum
asked for small; but if a jail sufficient to meet the
wants of the District can be built for thatamount
of money, it certainly ought to be done, and we
cannot commence too soon.
Mr. HALE. I wish to say, simply, that the
District Committee did me the honor to invite me
to go out with them to look at the place, and I
think the place highly appropriate and proper. I
think it must be the opinion of everybody who
examines the subject, that public morals and pub-
lic decency require a new jail in this city.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I do hope the
Senate will sustain this amendment, prepared by
the Committee on the District of Columbia, after
mature deliberation. All admit that the present
jail is a disgrace to the city, the nation, and the
age. It has been well described on this floor, by
my colleague, as a human sty. Humanity re-
quires that we should abandon that old prison, and
erect a jail fit for human beings to live in; a jail
adapted to the wants of our time. I beg Senators
to give their support to this humane and Christian
measure.
Sir, the spot selected is a beautiful one near the
poor-house. The plan of the building is an ad-
mirable one. Mr. Anderson, the architect of the 1
plan adopted by the committee, explains his plan j
as follows: j
^ "This design of a prison of detention for the District of j
Columbia, ananged on the clarification and panopfiean
principle, now so generally adopted by all the enlightened
mason-, (see Dcmham's work* on political economy,) wj'l
occupy a space of nine hundred feet long by five hundred
leet \vid . measuring about eleven acres, bur ran be en-
laced Oi diminished as circumstances may reqtme, by em-
tadui-r rhe building and number of cells, oi hv taking the
side wins* another story. At the same tune,* this design,
as it i- submitted for the appioval of Congress, is in tlie
mo^t peifect and convenient woiking shape.
" It a fibula cells for one bundled and eight male prison-
er.-., in two wing- ananged on the classification -ystern, di-
vided into six distinct classes of eighteen persons to each I
class, hav U1g a - eparate and well-ventilated con idoi for each
c!a-s,tov m-'Jom exercise, &c.,with a bath, wash-room, and
closet tor the use of each coiridor. The cells are each
tvvejve teet Jong and eight feet wide by ten feet high, hav-
ing a window opening on the exterior atmosphere, two feet
six inches by three leet -ax inches, besides an air flue to
admit larified or cooled air, with an exhausting flue for the
disehaigc of impute air* tiom each cell. To each of tnc&e
cmndors apanged a place foi the prisoner to consult with
his lawyer orfueiuK without risking his security or outride
interference.
"The middle wing contains separate cells of similar di-
mensions for eighty-four male prisoner, arranged on the
panoptican plan for transient prisoners, with a day room-
bath, wash- room, and closet, for each class of fourteen pris-
oners,to be located on one side-gallery, with air flues, &c.;
and a similar arrangement for the prisoner to communi-
cate with his lawyer or friends.
" To each of these prisons is attached separate yards for
exercise, (three classes to each yard,) with sheds, privies,
&c. These yards am so arranged as topiohibit intercourse
and defy escape; also, there are arranged in the front re-
turn wings, on each side, fifteen double and six single
cells on the classification principle, with all the necessary
conveniences, sheds, exeicise-yards, and wash-houses, for
thirty-six female prisoners, with similar accommodation
for thirty-six witnesses, each divided into three distinct
classes of twelve on each corridor.
"Two small and distinct hospitals are arranged on the
extreme rear anglesof the yards—ono for general treatment,
the other for contagious disease—this arrangement being
found necessary to prevent the spread of disease in such
establishments. They are each fitted up conveniently with
separate ward", baths, closets, &c., &c.
" Then it will be perceived uiat the accompanying plans
will provide for one hundred and ninety-two male prison-
ers, thirty-six female pusoners, and thirty-six witnesses,
independent of the hospital accommodation ; the prison-
ers and witnesses being divided into eighteen classes, and
all under the immediate supervision of the keepers, as the
guard room looks into both the prisonsand the yards at the
same time, it being located m the center, with an armory
and guard bods attached, but out of the reach or observa-
tion of the prisoners.
"The fuel stores, with lofts over i'or bedding, and the
stable and house for the jail van,areplaccdinside the main
entrance, but detached from the prison buildings, or the
exterior.
"The front or entrance building, although attached to
the center, is separated from the prisons altogether, and is
occupied by the jailor's office, with his and his deputies'
living apartments opening into the entrance court-yard, sep-
arate in themselves, and altogether separated from prison-
ers and prison yards, the door of admission to the jail being
placed inside the general entrance hall.
" The ground and middle floors ot the center building are
divided into store-iooms, and in the upper two is arranged
the chapel, or lecture room, acccssibiefrom all the prisons,
and divided into sections by railings, 30 as to prevent an
outbreak or general rush.
"The cooking kitchens and hake house are low buildings,
inclosed as separate yards, and connected with the provis-
ion stores. They form prisons in themselves, where the
attendant* are altogether separated from the prisons, as the
food is parsed to the corridors by means of dumb-waiters
opening into passages near thP guard room, for the conve-
nience of the turnkeys on guard.
"Each wing is heated by separate apparatus, which will
prove economical when only a few prisoners are incarcer-
ated. The rarified air is generated by means of steam
pipes lodged in large air ducts passing along under the cor-
ndoi flooisand conducted by flues to the different cells,
(see enlaiged sections,) with a register at the disposal of the
prisoners.
"On the extreme angles of the jail grounds, in front, are
arranged four houses on each side for the keepers or turn-
keys, altogether detached from the prisons or yards, but
their rear windows looking into an inclosed passage that
surrounds the yard walls. This passage protects the inside
walls from any interference from the exterior, besides af-
fording access for cleansing the yaids and privy pits, all of
which open into it.
"The passage round the jail walls and the walls and yards
are overlooked by two turrets built on the extreme rear an-
gles, which are so arranged as to piotcet the prison from
exterior assault or the prisoners fiom escape.
" There is an aiatm bell placed on the fiont entrance
building m connection with the jailor's office and guard
rooms, so as to insure the attention ot all the officers on or
ofi ot duty, if occasion should require. The knowledge of
such precautions being in general u-jc, will go fai to remove
from the prisoner's nitnd the chance of rescue or escape.
" in a piison of detention, where industry or labor is pro-
hibited, and where the inmate is left to hatch over his own
depravity 01 his misfortunes, every opportunity should be
afforded imn for reclamation, by classification, daily lec-
tures, and good books, a- this is legitimately the first land-
ing pluec foi the untouunate offender, it should therefore be
availed ot as a place of leelam.xtion by moral instruction,
cleanliness, and good example, so as to arrest the offender's
bud habits on the start m life, and save the country from fur-
thei expense by punishing his crimes, instead of the present
system of prison airangemcnt, where, unfortunately, the jail
h made an academy wheie the offender is thoroughly edu-
cated in eveiy bad habit, and becomes a loathsome burden
on society "
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, called for the
yeas and nays; but they wtre not ordered.
The amendment was agreed to—ayes twenty-'
five, noes not counted.
Mr. BROWN. lam instructed by the same
committee to offer the following amendment, to
come in after line two hundred and forty-eight:
For the extension of the west part of the City Hall, m the
city ot Washington, for the purpose of affording needful
accommodations lor the cncuitand other courts of the Dis-
trict of Columbia. $3!),000; said sum to be expended un-
der the direotionof the Sccietaiyo! the Interioi, whoshall
assign the looms m said extension among said courts and
their officers.
There is not a member of Congress in either
House, who has ever looked into the accommo-
dations of the Federal courts in this city, who does
not know that they are inadequate. These are
your own courts, not courts appointed by the peo-
ple of the District or the corporations of the fais-
