THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1860.
New Series No. 55.
bankinginstitutions; there were many new-fangled
notions in regard to banks. It was useless to resist
that feeling. The experiment has been tried in
many States; and what has been the result? In
most of them, they have gone back to a wholesome
banking system within the States. Those States
that undertook entirely to exclude banks were
flooded with the worthless trash there was in the
country; and whenever there was any explosion
of a bank, the interest was generally felt in those
States where- they pretended to exclude bank
paper.
The instance of California is cited to show how
finely hard money works there. The reason I
have favored the establishment of banking insti-
tutions is, that they take the community out of
the power of note shavers and usurers. The
capital that goes in under the influence of a bank
charter in the States that I know anythingabout,
is let under the laws of the country, instead of re-
quiring the people to submit to whatever may be
exacted by a note shaver who is under no restraint;
and, as far as I know, the money let by these in-
stitutions is let out under the legal rate of interest
in the States wherever they exist, generally atsix
percent. How is it with private banks? Every
one knows what the effect on a community is,
that is dependent on them for accommodations.
Now, I appeal to the Senators from California if
the rates of interest have not ruled, ever since the
existence of that State, fourfold what- they were
in the States on this side of the Mississippi? It
is so everywhere.
The Senator from Louisiana, in his report, has
undertaken to make out that you might curtail
this branch of the profitable employment of the
banking capital hare in the way of circulation,
without taking away much from this capital. I
agree it is a small matter. The banking capital
of this District is only about a million dollars;
and he says they have a circulation of §260,000,
and they must have one third in specie; and he
makes it out that it would curtail the accommoda-
tions of the people here to the extent of$170,000.
The fact disclosed in this report is, that the bank
capital of this city is about a million, and the bank
accommodations about two million, deducting
specie. Take ail their investments in real estate,
in permanent stocks, and their loans on current
paper, and they amount altogether, with their
specie, to $2,300,000. The specie is about three
hundred thousand dollars, leaving §2,000,000 em-
ployed in the common purposes of business with
§1,000,000 capital; and the purpose of this bill,
undoubtedly, is to destroy the profitable employ-
ment of this capital in these associations, and
make them divide it out. That is what the Sen-
ator from Louisiana insists ought to have'been
done sixteen years ago. Suppose you divide this
capital out. t have seen what there wauld be to
divide out, provided all the securities were paid,
and it is about eight hundred thousand dollars
that would go to the community in the shape of
private property. The rest is invested; and upon
that $800,000 the public are now accommodated
.with a loan line of more than sixteen hundred
thousand dollars—more than double. You curtail
their accommodations to theamoutof §800,000in
this small city; for this money is to go into pri-
vate hands in lieu of being used in this associated
form of capita!. That is a matter of demonstra-
tion. The effect upon this small community of
withdrawing $800,000 of accommodation—one
half they now have—will be very seriously felt.
They will have to resort for that accommodation
to the private bankers of the city, or private money
lenders. In the first place, they will have to resort
to them for the §800,000 that will be paid out of
these institutions; and for the balance they will
have to go to some private banker if they get as
much accommodation as they do now, to make a
new credit, and at an exorbitant rate of interest
in my judgment.
These institutions have been going on here,
one of them for fifty years; they have so con-
ducted their affairs as to obtain a high degree of
credit; and the effect of this bill is to destroy that
55
credit. The Senator says that they can continue
to go on and receivc deposits. Why are they
selected now as depositories? It is because peo-
ple who deposit their money there, think they
are eminently safe; but if they are not safe to sup-
ply $300,000 in currency, they are not safe as the
holders of $600,000 in deposit. It depends on
their credit as much in the one case as the other.
If we legislate against these institutions on ac-
count of their not being safe as furnishing a cir-
culating medium for this community, as a matter
of course we cannot believe they are safer de-
"positories for as mu<5h more money of the peo-
ple here. If they are safe for one, they arc safe
for the other; and this is a blow at their credit,
and intended so undoubtedly, or they would not
be accused of having violated the law and acted in
bad faith hitherto, when they were corporations.
This matter of credit is a delicate affair in a
community, and 1 believe that the prosperity of
this country has more depended on the associa-
tions of the weak combining their efforts to es-
tablish credit, than on any other one source that
has promoted the prosperity of a rising people.
I have no interest in this matter; I never had a
dollar of accommodation from one of these banks
in my life, and I do not know any of them. I
am merely speaking of them, because I do not
want an example made here to raise up another
storm and outcry against the credit of these insti-
tutions throughout the land. They arc surrounded
with banking institutions all around them that
circulate small notes that the other Senator from
Louisiana called trash, which he said he got as
he came north.
The Senator from Delaware was commending
this bill as an example worthy to be set by the
Government of the United States, and yet he said
his own State had banks that issued dollar bills.
I am told that a bill below five dollars has not
been issued by any institution in this city for
more than forty years. The Senator from Lou-
isiana was telling the Senator from Virginia how
finely they got along in Louisiana with five-dol-
lar notes. I suppose in thirty or forty years after
this experiment was tried hen"*, they had a circu-
lation of that kind there. There has been no
note issued here for forty years of less than five
dollars.
Mr. SLIDELL. The Senator from Rhode
Island is under a gross misapprehension as regards
the facts. The corporation of Georgetown, even
at this day—perhaps 1 may be wrong in assert-
ing that to-day it has a circulation of small notes,
but it certainly had two or three or four years
ago, unrestricted in any way; and that same cor-
poration now has the power, according to the
construction which has been given to the law on
the subject, of issuing notes of any denomination
to any extent, and has exercised that privilege,
as I said before, very recently. I think I have
seen its notes within the last two or three years.
Mr. SIMMONS. I was speaking of this city.
I was told by a gentleman who was an officer of
a bank here, that there had not been a note under
five dollars isSued by the banks of this city for
forty years. That was the remark I made.
Mr, SLIDELL. That is another matter.
Mr. SIMMONS. As to the corporation of
Georgetown, I do not know of such a bank.
Mr. SLIDELL. The city of Georgetown.
Perhaps the gentleman likes that sort of circula-
tion. It may be put out to-morrow, without any
sort of restriction. -
Mr. SIMMONS. I supposed this related to
banking institutions.
Mr. SLIDELL. If the Senator from Rhode
Island will take the pains to read the bill—I think
he has not read it, and, although he has com-
mented on the report, I do not think he has read
that: or, if he has read it, lie does not understand
it—he will see that it applies to all persons and
associations of every sort. It comprises the city
government of Georgetown and the city govern-
ment of Washington.
Mr. SIMMONS. If the city governments of
Washington and Georgetown are issuing bills as
currency, I am willing to correct them. I willg'o
with the Senator in that. I do not believe they
have anything to do with banking. They were
not incorporated or associated for any such pur-
pose.
Mr. SLIDELL. In order that we may start
from a common point, allow me to say that the
Senator is now arguin'g on the hypothesis that
these are incorporated companies.
Mr. SIMMONS. No, sir.
Mr. SLIDELL. Then they are mere associ-
ations of individuals. ' -
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 am arguing on the hypoth-
esis that they have associated themselves as com-
panies doing business, each member of the com-
pany individually liable for every debt created,
the same as Senators here could associate them^
selves to -carry on any business, and that there is
no law against it; and here is a purpose to make
a law, and upon the declaration that there is a law
now violated. TJie foundation of this legislation
is, that these people are violating the law already,
when, in fact, there is no law against their issu-
ing these bills. I have no idea of letting the cor-
poration of Georgetown^ or the corporation of
Washington assume the privilege or prerogative
of issuing a currency. I do not believe it right;
but I say any man who can gain a credit, or any
body of men who can command a credit, have a
right to use it in this way unless there is a law
against it, and I say associations of this kind, in
my deliberate judgment, are valuable to the com-
munity; their credit is valuable to them, and is
valuable to the community; and when they have
conducted themselves in a form to acquire that
credit for fifty years, when there is not a complaint
from a citizen within the whole compass of the
District, that ever I have heard of, that they have
ever ill-used this power, I say it is assuming a high
authority here, without being asked from any
quarter, to go on with these party dogmas and
undertake to inflict an injury on the business of
the people. *
If there were a law, 1 would be for the enforce-
ment of it; I am a lawttnd order man; but I have
no idea of taking these banks up, at a time when
the whole community were groaning under a
debt that it was impossible to relieve themselves
from, and seizing that occasion to expose them,
and to^pass laws for their punishment. This in-
quiry was started when these banks were sus-
pended two years ago, and they ought to have
suspended before, instead of holding on as long
as they*did, grinding the' people as they did,
throughout this country. The occasions, when
all the banking institutions are obliged to succumb
to a storm, are always seized upon by the ene-
mies of credit to fasten on them some imputation
of impropriety; whereas in all the cases of that
kind that I have known in my life, the banks sus-
tained their credit too long.at the expense of the
community they "were formed to support. It is
invariably the case; but it is perfectly natural.
Who ever expected the creditor class to want to
make the medium of payment too cheap? It is
the instinct of natlire, when other people owe
them, even to force a pretty hard time to have
-the debt paid. They want the rate of interest
pretty high. The great danger is in the other
direction, that they will press the community be-
yond reason and exact more than they can possi-
bly perform. I would guard against that in legis-
lating for these institutions, that they should not
exact exorbitant interest, and they should not,
under the pretense of taking exchange, raise their
rates of interest. That is the legislation the State
of Rhode Island has had in reference to banks.
We take care that they shall let their money hon-
estly, at the legal rates, without any prevarica-
tion or any out-of-the-way method to increase
those rates, and we make tliem public institutions
for the very purpose of putting them under the
public supervision. They are public institutions,
performing a great function of public duty, and
therefore to be inspected by the public officers of
the State, and kept within bounds; and that is
the true syste.m of banking.
