444
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 16,
36th Coxa.... 1st Sess.
Modern, Americanism—Mr. Bctrr.
Ho. oi? Reps.
the huzzas of the masses, proclaiming devotion
to the Constitution, devotion to the Democracy
of Tliomas Jefferson, unalterable devotion to the
person and fortunes of their invincible leader.
There is nothing on the pages of ancient or
modern oratory more heroically sublime than the
fearless eloquence of this champion when, in the
very midst of the storm winch raged around him
■—surrounded on all sides by the hellish bands of
assassins that were hourly issuing forth from the
caverns and culverts and secret places of the
mountains and the valleys—he exclaimed " 1 am
an American; in every liber and in every feeling
an American; yet, in every chaiacter, in every
relation, in eveiy sense, wilh all my head, and all
my heart, and ail my might, I protest against the
secret organization of native Americans and of
Protestants to proscribe Roman Catholics and
naturalized citizens."
Hear, again, Virginia proclaiming to the world
the doctrines ofthe Revolution as respects our for-
eign-born citizens, through the iips of the same
distinguished statesman:
u As early us 1787 we established a. great laud oidmanre.
The morit pai feet stem of eminent dom;un, of psopi ictary
titles, and of tcimortal settlement*, which the woild had
ever beheld to bles* the homeles.schddren oi men. it had
the very hou-ew.umin§ of hospitality in it. It wielded the
logwood ax, and denied a continent Oi fore^. It made an
exodus in the old world, and dotted the now with !o«-cabiiH,
around ihe healths or which the tears of the aged and the
oppiesscd were wiped away, and cherub children wete
bom to hbeit}, ami tang its f-on<$-, and have grown up in
its strength and might ami tna;e-t.\. It bimuzht toyethu
foreigners ot (ver\ count!.* and dime—cmigiams fiom
Europe of every lauiru. «" and ieh<r>on. and its mo-t won-
derlul effect ha? been to a^iunlate all laces. IrMi.and
German, English and Fiench, Scoschnnd Spamaid, have
met on the western pranie-, in th« we-t< i u woods, mid i
have peopled vitlasre- and towns and cities, rtvahnsr the :
mart* ot eastern eommeice ; and the Teutonic nod Celtic j
and Anglo-Saxon race* have in a d;n mingled into one nn- ;
difstinguicjhable tn.is.-—ana that on'1 i-s Ameiieun. Amen- i
can m eveiy sen-e and m eveiy feelinsi, in e\erv instinct j
and in every impulse o! American patriotism. The taw ;
"German's lunbamii is fir-t to acqune land enough upon j
which to send woid bueU t-> the baton he left bemnd him |
that he doe* not envy him his? p.mcipahtv ! j
'-The IiMnmm no longer bunas tot ' my louV or * mv \
lady," but < \< l.i'Mi-- in in- heart of heart- that4 tin • i? a fjee |
country.' The Ciiildieu o; all are cio^ed in blood, in the 1
lir*t genojatton. :*o that erhnolo^ cannot tell o! uhai pai
entajit* thej ,ue; lit-.'v all b-come brothei and Mstei Joii
athunn ; Jonathans t<  mhv and plant giain; Jonathans to
raise and drive ^toek ; Jonathan- to orir'.mi/.e townships and
counties and riwte-ot tiee election: Jonathans to e-fuh- ,!
hbh fchocds and college-, and rear orator-, .-aire-, and states- -
men tor the Senate;' Jonathan? to take a hue heait attn ij
with the nfle at any loe who dare-? invade a common coun- ,!
try, Jonathans to cany conque-t< ot libetty toother land?, l:
Until the whole earth shall be filled witli th-' glorv of Amer- U
icaoi*m. As m the calomel, a- in the Revolution, a:* in the |l
la-t war,-o have foreigners and immigrants been aimed j
with the mattock and the -pa.le , and if a battle on >oa or Jj
land had to be ton slit, lore mm iv and unm i« rants have been , i
armed with the musket and ihe blade, .^o have foreigners '!
and immi^iant- pioved that their influence has notnn- I
paired the gemu^. or grace, oi gladne^, or glory of Amer- ii
tean in-tittUioii>.'? * * ' y * V
i- But in the We.sf, I repeat, made np ot foremners and ;;
lmnngiantsot every r-hg,on and tongue, the West it* a* \
purely patnotie.ari tiuiy American,as genuine!} Jonathan.
as any people w no can claim om natlonaliiy. Now, n not !'
here proof m war and in peace that the apprehension of i\
foreign influence, brought heie by smmuriauts, not only 'j
groundless. but contradicted bv thV  facts of our settlements i|
and development ? Did a nation ever r<o grow as we have
done under land oidinance> and our laws oi natuialization f >i
They have not made ansroejaeies, but -overoigns, ami sov- ,1
erefgnties of the people ot the West. Thfv have strength- '!
ened the States ot our doniinion, and multiplied the sons"'}
and daughters of America, that now she can mustei ,tn ''
arjny, and maintain it, too, outnutuberme the stion^tti of '!
any invader, and making - a host of tieedom, winch "is the 1
host ot God.'i,
After perusing the foregoing eloquent passages,
need we be surprised to hear this pure and g;i'u>d '
son of Virginia inveigh, in language equally bold i
and ttuthful, against the base ingratitude that .
would now exclude the foreign-horn citizf n from i
the privileges and rights puichased in pju-t hy the I
blood of their ancestors? Again, listen to this
champion of human rights:
" When we weie a-* weak as three million, we relied 1
largely on loreianers bv hutli to defenJu-; and aid us in >e- "
curing independence. Tvow that we .no twenty-two nisi• :
lion ationg, how i0 it wc have hueoiue weak \n our :
fears a« to appiehend we are to b" depiiwd of om lib"rne.s
hy foreigner*? V«>n!y, this seemeth a^ if Know JVotiumrs
were revei-mg the order of things, or that there is anothei :
and a different feeling troin that of th.- lear arising from a .
tsCnse of weakne.ss, it comes rattier fiotn a proud eon-
scioti>nes-s ot ovuiweening strength. Tiiev wax stroii" I;
rather, and would kick, like the pioud grown fat. It i- an
exclusive, i! not an atistoeratie, tec-limr. m the true ^eiise. !i
which would &ay to the fi'ieuds ot iieedotn born abroad : 'i
wt* had need of you, and were glad of your aid when we I i
were weak, but we are now so independent of you that we j
are not compelled to allow you to enjoy our republican }
privileges. We desire ihe exclusive use of human rights, ■
though to deprive you of their common enjoyment will not 1
enrich us the uiorc, and will make you poor indeed.''' !
These, sir, are facts, and are all of record. From j
the days of the alien and sedition laws, down to i
the last expiring groan of Know Nothiugism, '
Virginia has occupied the front rank and has led |
the vanguard of the national, democratic, con- :
scrvative masses in every struggle against civil and
religious liberty, as understood and proclaimed J
by the fathers of the Revolution. Nay,sir,as if l
I in anticipation of the rebirth, in after time, of the ■
| odious intolerance and narrow-minded policy of |
; our colonial rulers, the future father of American
! Democracy, when penning that immortal docu- •
| mcnt which proclaimed to the world at once our |
j wrongs and purposes, included among the former
the attempts of George III. to impede and obstruct j
the naturalization of foreigners. In the words of !
the Declaration of Independence, (( he has en- |l
deavored to prevent the population of these States; 'j
for that purpose obstructing the laws of natural- ,'i
ization of foreigners, refusing to pass others to '
encourage then migration thither, and raising the j
condition of new appropriations of land." And ;
true to the principles announced in these words, :
the Democratic party, in all its platforms, has ,
pledged itself to the nation and to the oppressed !
; and downtrodden of the earth to maintain invio- !
; late the rights and privileges of adopted citizens,
| and frown down any attempt, from any quarter,
i "to obstruct the laws of naturalization of for-
j eigners." Thus, we find in the tenth declaration
! of the Cincinnati platform the following solemn
| reassertion of the Jeffersonian creed on this point: 1
; 4k 10. That the liberal prmcples embodied by Jefferson
in the Declaration of Independence, and sanctioned in the 1
Constitution, which makes oins the land of liberty and the 1
asylum of the oppressed ot every nation, have over been j
caidmal principles m the Democratic faith, ami every at- ;
tempt to abridge the privilege of becoming citizen-* and the ]
owners of sod among us ou^iittobe resisted with the same !
spirit which swept the alien and sedition law&fiom our stat- :
ute-hooks. i
•'And whereas, since the foregoing Doclaiation wa« uni- ;
foimlv adopted by our predecessors ni national convention, 1
, an adverse political and ie!igiou> test has h;-,>n ppcrerly or- !
i gunzfd bv n pn!}• clu'iuing to be evciiisiveiv Anvnean, |
n is pjoper tiiat tile Ameiican Deni'tcjaev should eleatly
1 define its re|a;,on tiicreto. and declaie its doteimmed oppo- i
i sition to all scciet political t.oeie«.e^, by \vhat-o<'vei name :
; they may he called : '
j ''Resolved, That the foundation of thi< t'nion of States :
having been laid m and its pro^pciU\, expansion,and pie- ■
| eminent example m free gownnnent. built upon entire
j freedom in matter-, of religions concernment, and 110 re- !
I spect o<* p^r-on in regard to rank or place oi hit til, no party ;
j can |Ust!ybe deemed national, constitution.d, or in accord- |
| anee with Ameuean pnneiple-j, which bases it-* exclusive I
i organization upon religious opinions and accidental birth- '
; place. And hence, a political ciu^ade m the nineteenth !
; century, nnd m the United States of America, airainst Cath- i
| ohc foreign horn citizen^, is neither ju-tified'by the pa-t !
' history or the futuie prospects of the country, nor m unison '
; with the spun of toleration ami enlaiged freedom which '
peculiarly distinguishes the American sjvtpm ot populai
: government.''
Thus we perceive that the narrow, illiberal, '
bigoted policy which proscribes citizens because j
of their religious belief, or the accident of birth- ij
place, dating its commencement from the vice :
presidential term of John Adams, andculminating I
m the alien and sedition laws, passed in accord;- 'j
ance with his recommendation when he reached !
the presidential chair, has ever met with the most I
determined opposuion of the nationo! Democrat ic i
party, and that this opposition has been guided,
animated, and, m times of dismay and despond- 'l
enry, encouraged and conducted to a glorious ,j
triumph, from the Presidency of Thomas JelTer- !
son to the gubernatorial term of Henry A. Wise, 1
by Vugima and Virginia's statesmen.* !
And here I would say a word of admonition i
and counsel to thosp who have boon the objects .)
(if this unnatural warfare on the one side, and of |
th.^ sympathy, vindication, and never-sleeping
vigilance of the gallant Democracy of Virginia i
and of the nation on the other, to ho. at this time, '
over-cautious and vigilant. Gird up your Joins, j
and buckle on your armor, for the contest which ■'
is at hand. The old enemy has divided hisforces !
into two gioat armies; they marshal their divis-
ions, it is true, under dilfetent colors; hut, so far
as you are concerned; so fai as your civil and re-
ligious rights are" involved, the result would be
the same, let which army soever be victorious.
On the banners of one is emblazoned the southern
| KnowNothingmotto,tl Protection of Protf.st-
| antism from the encroachments op roman-
ism;" while on the other is inscribed, "The
Massachusetts amendment and twenty-one
years' probation for the Irish and German."
They may differ in some minor points of no
earthly interest to you, unless it be that the Chi-
cago army of disguised Know Nothingism seeks
to elevate, socially and politically, as it does at
the present hour in Massachusetts, the ebon-
shinned, flat-nosed, woolly-headed negro above
the position they would assign to the Irish and
Germans; while the other, the Baltimore division
of avowed Know Nothmgism, would assign you
no position at all, but drive you with bowie-knife
and faggots from the land you had made your
home by adoption and choice.
You have often, doubtless, heard from your
fathers, some of you may have yourselves wit-
nessed the pugilistic exercises, often for the very
fun of the thing, that sometimes occutred at the
fairs in the old country. In the midst of the con-
flict, m the wildest excitement of the fight, let the
Peelers but show their faces—a truce is sponta-
neously struck, they shake hands, unite their
forces, and charge at once upon their common
enemy, the Peelers. So soon as they arc dis-
patched, they resume their positions, and, with-
out favor or quarter, they finish their frolic. So
, will H be with the two armies of Black Republic-
' anism and the American party. They may dif-
1 fer among themselves on minor points; they may
j stiu^gfe and fight fur the mastery, or lather for
the loaves and fishes of brother Jonathan, as they
[ please; but the moment the Catholic or forejgn-
! born citizen prefers Ins claims for his constftu-
1 tional rights a truce is struck, quickly they join
| hands, and, by a combined assault, teach you the
folly of placing your reliance, or your hopes for
equal rights, or any rights at all, on any other
organization than the national Democratic party
of the Union.
Whatever may be the result of the coming con-
ventionsat Baltimore and Richmond—and for the
sake of my country, I pi ay the Providence which
has watched over our destinies thus far to har-
! monize and consolidate the t\\ o conventions, that
| we may present a united fronr to the common
j enemy,rejoicing already at our mad dissensions—
place your trust in and lend your best em rgies to
the principles and men having the broad indorse-
ment of the national Democracy. While it tri-
umphs, your liberties and your rights are sacred
and sate. Let it be vanquished, mid if they allow
you to live at all, H will be as " hewers of wood
and drawers of water.'" I spe<ik to you, my fel-
low-Catholic and foreign-born citizens, honestly
and truly, because your wrongs are my wrongs,
your triumph is my tiiumph also.
Had the Republican party nominated William
II. Seward as their candidate for the highest
office in the gift of the people, I might, perhaps,
have modified, to some extent at least, the terms
by which I have characterized the hostility of that
party to Catholic and foreign-born citizens, because
that distinguished statesman has e\er borne him-
self, in his public and private character, with lib-
erality, kindness, and genetosity towaids both
these classes of our felfow-ritizcns. And, per-
haps, m this honorable trait of his political char-
acter may be found one, if not the chief cause of
his indecent shelving at Chicago by the represent-
atives of a party which owes to him all its claims
to national strength at the present day. He had
too often-and too honestly spoken out his senti-
ments in favor of the constitutional rights oi Cath-
olic and foreign-born citizens, both m State and
Federal relations, to give a hope to the Chicago
managers of securing the aid of the Know Nothing
Americans. Hence, we can explain the vile false-
hoods uttered against the Catholic religion, and the
miserable invention of the six thousand skulls
found in a lake in Europe, adjoining a convent or
abbey, (which I here pronounce to be a base, vile,
willfulfalsehood,)told recently in the SenateCham-
ber by the calumniator of States and men, and,
meaner still, the reviler of holv women, the abo-
lition monomaniac of Massachusetts. But as he
is the senatorial mouthpiece ofthe Chicago nom-
inee, I allude to him only to show to my Catholic
and foreign-born fellow-citizens that thuie is no
difference,as respects their rights and privileges,
