1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1S87;
nearly double that of the Empire State. How is
it to-day f The population of I#w York is nearUr
three times as great as that of Virginia, and her
political power in Congress and the electoral col-
leges is nearly three times as much as that of
" the mother of President's." How is it with
their material resources ? Seventy years ago New
York exported about three million, and Virginia
about four million; to-day, the former State ex-
ports annually over one hundred million, and the
latter less than she did seventy years ago.
The productions and importations of the two
States at that time and the present show a much
greater disparity in favor of the great northern
State. The imports of this State amount to«near
two hundred million per annum; wlule those of
the other amount to less than one million per year.
The annual products of the Empire State amount
to more than two hundred and fifty million, while
those of this great southern State amount to only
about forty million per year. When the Consti-
tution was adopted, only seventy years ago, New
York was behind Virginia, both in products and
importations. But a short time previous to that?
this latter State was the first commercial State in
the Union—her commerce exceeded thltofall New
England, and was three times as great as that of
New York. Now, New York city alone is worth
more than twice as much as the whole State of Vir-
ginia, and contains more than half as many mljfib-
ltants. I do not speak of these two States as ex-
ceptional cases; there is even more difference with
some of the others than with these. I might take
each and every one of the slave States, and com-
pare them in detail with the free States, in pros-
perity and progress, with less favorable results
for some of the slave States than the comparison
between New York and Virginia.
Take also, for instance, Pennsylvania and South
Carolina. The imports of foreign goods intoSouth
Carolina a century ago were near three million
dollars. At present they are but little more than
half that amount; whereas, in Philadelphia alone,
they are more than twelve times as much j against I
a very trifling amount one hundred years ago. !
The products of the manufacturing, mining, and
mechanic arts, in Pennsylvania, amount to about
two hundred million dollars per annum, while in
South Carolina they amount to less than ten mil-
lion dollars per year. Before the Revolution, the
"Palmetto State" was the second commercial j
province on the continent. ,
Look at Kentucky and Ohio. Kentucky was j
admitted into the Union ten years before Ohio; I
with a finer climate, more productive soil, and ,
greater natural advantages, yet Ohio has out- |
stripped her in population, wealth,and enterprise, t
toan extent that renders any comparison between ;
them, in almost anything,absurd. No one, whose I
judgment is not completely blinded, can fail to :
see that all this is a race between freedom and I
slavery. A system of forced labor on the one |
side and voluntary industry on the other. When (
we look at these incontrovertible facts, may we
not ask where would this nation be to-day if it \
She needs no eulogy from any of her sons. " Her
works praise her;" and slaveholding arrogance
may disparage her merits, but she stands forth
to-day, in the estimation of all enlightened men
throughout the world, as the model State of this
Union. Her achievements in science, in litera-
ture, in arts, in industrial pursuits, and in works
of benevolence, and her intellectual and moral
standard, are altogether unparalleled by any sec-
tion of equal territorial extent upon this continent.
Equally preeminent is her historic greatness; and
so well settled is this by the general judgment of
all mankind, that no one whose opinion is worth
Quoting dares to deny her historic supremacy.
But we of the North are not only threatened
with a dissolution of the Union, in the event of a
contingency, which I think is sure to happen—
namely, the election of a Republican President—
but we are told that non-intercourse is to be es-
tablished immediately with the North, and the
South will purchase no more of her product^.
This is, indeed, alarming; but let us inquire how
this is to be effected. Everything that the South
has to sell her poverty compels her to sell for
cash only„ while everything we dispose of to the
South we give her a liberal credit upon. The South
to-day cannot, in my opinion, pay its\dcbts; and
it has notproperty enough, in my judgment—not
what we of the Ndrth call property—to pay sev-
enty-five cents on the dollar of what it owes. And
shall they talk of non-intercourse? Why, if you
except the last few years, in which the South has
been remarkably prosperous, owing to the high
price of her products—a state of things which it
is impossible should last—and the North has lost
more money at the South, a great deal, than she
has ever made by the trade of the South, and there
is scarcely a northern merchant who has not been
obliged to depend upon his profits from custom re-
ceived from the middle and western States, to meet
his losses suffered in trade atthe South. I remem-
ber well that in the great commercial revulsion
that swept over this country like a tornado in
1837, every northern mer^ant that I knew in all
the northern cities that dealt exclusively with the
South faile^ and was ruined. The same thing
again occurred in 1842—the year in which thp
United States bankrupt law was passed, which
wiped out untold millions of* southern indebted-
ness; more, in fact, than the profits of the whole
trade of the South would then amount to for half
a score of years. The only houses that survived
those two storms were those which had kept clear
of trading with the South. Some years ago I was
published in several of the southern cities as one
who was hostile to slavery—a merchant whose
store should be avoided and shunned, because I
was a Free-Soiler; but I never discovered it made
any diffeience. I will only say that if non-inter-
course with me had always been the practice on
the part of the South, I should have more money
to-day than I have now. Taking into view the
poverty and dependent condition of the South,
this talk about non-intcrcourse is simply ridicu-
lous—as much so as it would be for our wives
were not for the free States ? If we were all slave i^uid children, who are so dependent upon us they
SfrttfQ rtn anMi rnrnoi- a t o-rMfnoc® nnrl o-ln>*xr i n At n without IIS. to thrPfltPll US
States, no such career of greatness and glory as
we now witness in this infant Republic would
have been presented to the admiring gaze of an
astonished world. On the contrary, if the South
"ould not live a week without us, to threaten us
with dissolution and abandonment.
But these threats, about withdrawing from the
North the trade uf the South, to say nothing of
had abolished slaveiy in the early days of our jj their futility and impotency, have a moral signifi-
history, her territory would have been covered
in the language of another, "with cities and vil - I
lages and railroads; and the country, instead of j
thirty, would have had fifty million people, who
would have hailed the rising morn, exulting in !
republican liberty." i
Virginia is much larger,territorially, than New j
York; with a finer climate, greater natural advunt- j
ages of every kind. In fact, let her abolish sla- j
very, and she would soon outstrip any State of i
this Union in wealth and importance; but if she |
will cherish and perpetuate this curse within her !
borders, she must remain imbecile and poverty- |
stricken, distinguished only for her slave-breed- j
ing—living upon reminiscences of the past, with |
no glory in the present, and without hope in the :
future. !
But in these comparisons I have not alluded j
to my own State of Massachusetts, so often re- j
vileu and so frequently calumniated upon this j
floor—a State which stands incomparably above ;
them all, not only iy historic fame, but no less j
in present greatness and unrivaled achievement.
cance notunworthy of comment. Such an appeal
to the cupidity and avarice of the North—to stifle
their honest convictions and suppress the holiest
impulses of their nature at the call of mammon-
is an insult to our people: which not a few north-
ern miscreants, I regret to know, are equally
with the South responsible for. But, thanks to
the integrity and moral heroism of the North, such
an appeal will have but little effect. I need only
add, in-confirmation of what X have already said,
of the dependent condition of the South upon thc
North, that notwithstanding the intensity of ieel-
mg on the part of the South, the violent threats
and vehement declarations about noil-intercourse
since the commencement of this session, I do not
know of a single merchant at the North, that I
am acquainted with, who has been in the habit
of trading with the South—and I know ot hosts
of such ill the Republican ranks—whose trade has
diminished. On the contrary, I know of many,
and some of them intense Republicans, whose
trade has increased in that quarter. All men of
experience know that trade will seek the best mar-
kets,either for buying or selling, in spite of popu-
lar clamor.
We have heard a great deal said about the v
Helper book,,and some of our timid "friends on
this side of the House have felt quite alarmed at
the denunciationsand abuse that have been heaped
upon those who recommended it. Mr. Chairman, '
I am not ashamed to confess that I read that book,
and recommended it, and contributed money to
procure its publication for gratuitous circulation.
And I think there is nothing incendiary in it; if
I thought there wan, I should regret its publica-
tion, and would trample it under foot; forasmuch
as I desire the overthrow of slavery, I do not
wish to see it removed by insurrection and blood-
shed. There are in it many extravagant decla- "
rations and foolish suggestions which I do not-
approve of; but I never saw any book that was
written by. an enthusiast that did tot contain more
or less extravagances. There is in it a great deal
of useful statistical information which will do any
one good to read; and if the South would lead it
carefully and properly, I think it would do them
no harm, and might do them much good.
But we must remember that Helper is a south-
ern man; therefore we should make allowance for
his enthusiasm and extravagance, for extrava-
gance, both in sentiment and action, is indigenous *'
to southern soil. Well, indeed, may the South
shrink from the exposure of its imbecility in that
book. The statistics which it presents, well au-
thenticated as they are, show but too conclusively
how rapidly the South is deteriorating; while it is
shown that the North, on the contrary, is pro-
gressing in intelligence, population, and wealth,
with a rapidity unparalleled in the history of the
world. He says:
" I.ess than three quarters of a century ago, say in 1789—■
for that was about the average time of the abolition of sla-
very in the northern States—the South, with advantages in
soil, climate, rivers, iiai bors, minerals, forests, and, indeed,
almost every other natural resource, began ail even race
with the North in all the important pursuits of life; and
now, m the brief period of soaicc thieeseure years and
ten, we find her completely distanced, enervated, dejectcd,
ant] dishonored. Slave owner* and slave drivers are the sole
authors of her disgrace; and as they have sown, so let them
leap."
He shows by unmistakable data that the value
of all the property in all the slave States of the
Union, exclusive of negroes, is not as much as
that of one of the northern States. He shows,
also, from the undisputed record of their views, -
that the great patriots of the South, in the days of
the Revolution, and in the early history of the
Republic, whose memories they cherish with the
deepest reverence, were nearly all in favor of free- ,
dom and against slavery. No wonder it is dis-
tasteful to them thus to be reminded by one of
their own fellow-citizens of their mental degener-
acy and material decay.
As I have said before,jhis slavery question has
been a disturbing element in our national politics
every since the organization of the General Gov-
ernment; and it will ever continue to be, until it is
confined within the limits of the States, when the
Federal Government will cease to have any re- -
sponsibility for its existence; for all are agreed,
the South unanimously, and nineteen twentieths
of the North, that we have nothing to dt> with it in
the State#, andare no more responsible, politically,
for its existence there, than we are for the serfdom
of Russia. Until the slavery question is settled,
by the national Government being relieved from
all responsibility for its existence, such is its as-
pect now, that it will continue to be theall-absorb-
ing question upon the political arena. I have
watched the progress of the anti-slavery sentiment
with great interest from the day that the South, in
its first act of madness, refused to receive and re-
I for appropriately, petitions praying Congress to
j inqutre into the expediency of abolishing slavery
| in the District of Columbia. That venerable pa-
i triot and statesman, John duincy Adams, whose
large experience, eminent service, matchless abil-
[ ity,and unquestioned patriotism, entitled his opin-
; ions to more consideration than those of any other
i man in Congress, raised his warning voice of ad-
1 monitionand remonstrance. He told the South that
. he was opposed to granting the prayer of the pe-
titioners; that he thought good reasons could be
■ criven for his opinion, and if the petitions were
i received, appropriately referred and reported
' upon, the whole question would be consigned to
! the tomb of the Capulets But lie warned them
! that if they trampled upon this great constitutional
