1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
would be to have no notes undej five dollars; but
I do not propose to set up my opinion against the
convenience of the community. We have one-
dollar notes in our community, and I have never
heard of their being regarded as any nearer trash
than twenty-dollar notes. When a bank goes,
the one-dollar notes and the twenty-dollar notes
go alike. Besides, I scarcely ever knew a spuri-
ous one-dollar note put afloat. The rogues gen-
erally go into the larger figures.
I do not intend to prolong the discussion on
that point; but there was one bill introduced about
the same time with this during the last Congress,
and a part of this series of measures, that struck
me somewhat singularly. The bill to which I
allude was introduced by the same Senator who
presented this bill; and it proposed to make silver
coin a legal tender as far as twenty-five dollars.
At that time there was a very little margin in the
Treasury; and I am told the Secretary got down
pretty near to the hard pan before he got his
machinery going for him to issue paper money in
January, 1858. The Government had not got the
machinery going to strike off paper money, and
they had to go to the lower till and take the silver
change out of the box; and when they carriefl it
to these banks to exchange for paper money, they
asked them a premium for the paper money over
the silver change. The half dollars and quarters
and dimes and half dimes, which the Senator in
one of his bills proposed to make a legal tender
as high as twenty-five dollars, were about six or
seven per cent, less valuable than the old-fashioned
honest dollar. They were very properly reduced
in value. Silver coin went out of the country
there was a great dearth of change, and Congress
concluded to debase the currency in order to keep
"it in circulation. That being the case, it was even
below paper money that would not pay specie;
and the Senator offered a bill to carry the amount
for which silver change should be a legal tender
up to twenty-five dollars, so as to pay the small
folks—the poor men about whom he is so solici-
tous—in a debased coin—a depreciated currency.
This is about the general plan when an interfer-
ence is made with the currency. Your silver
change is good enough for the purposes for which
it was created; and 1 believe it is now pretty near
within one or two per cent, as "good as a gold
dollar. I do not mean, however, to say anything
about that bill, for it has not been brought up at
this session.
Any interference by this Government with the
local affairs and business relations of a commu-
nity of seventy thousand people like this, is, in
my judgment, very unwise, unless they call for it.
If the people of this District, any portion of them,
wanted us to legislate for their benefit, no one
would be more ready to do it than I would. I
should like to accommodate them. I would very
much .prefer that their banks should be incorpor-
ated to carry on this business; but as they are all
satisfied, I trust Congress will not diminish their
accommodations one half, which will necessarily
be done if this legislation is pursued in this spirit, i
lean demonstrate to the Senator "from Louisiana,
that the accommodations and facilities rendered
to the business portion of this community, if tlie
money now invested in these associations is di-
vided out, cannot bo equal to one half what it
now is.
If this is to be an example to the country, and
to be forced on the States by virtue of our trying
it first, I protest against it, so far as my State is
concerned. I do not want any of this tinkering
with our currency. I do not want .this to be an
example for us. Take any State in this Union
where they have undertaken to exclude sound
paper, and to deal in gold and silver alone, and
you will find that the rate of interest has gone up
at least one half. In the first place, people do not
want a currency of pure gold and silver, and you
have to force it on them. They would rather have
bills; they are a great deal more convenient. The
only business I ever did with these banks was that
when I was paid off in gold, I would take it there
and deposit it, and take out bills for it, which I
put in my trunk, and I never lock it. 1 do not
want to lug around m gold or silver even what
little money I carry. I would rather carry it in
paper. It is convenient to traders here. I could
illustrate, if it was necessary, how the small men
invariably have been enabled to establish a credit
equal to your millionaires, by associating their
small means, to the amount of a hundred thousand
dollars, in one of these incorporated companies;
and their bills will go as well as those of Stephen
Girard, %vho left eight million to the public. It
was to get themselves out from under the yoke
of their oppressors that the people resorted to this
means; and they have invariably carried the pros-
perity of this country on.
.This paper money that is so much denounced is
what carried us through the Revolution. Without
paper money, we should never have been an in-
dependent nation. It carried us through the last
war with Great Britain. The banks of this Dis-
trict loaned their whole capital to the Government
during the war of 1812, from patriotic motives.
The troops could not have been paid off without
the aid of these banks. I have never known a se-
rious war carried on in the world that was not car-
ried on upon credit. Kossuth said that he would
have got the independence of Hungary if his print-
ing press had not given out; he could not strike
off any more bills, and that was the reason his
army failed. You will find that in all great con-
tests for liberty, paper money credit has been the
basis on which they have been conducted. You
cannot, in a young country like this, expect to have
money to carry on the business that we are con-
ducting if you resort to the notion of hard money
and no credit. I think the Government of the United
States, instead of setting such an example in this
little District, if there is any Senator here who
thinks he can improve the condition of his own
country by going home and breaking up the banks,
let him try it there, and my word for it, he will
never be returned to trouble the people of this Dis-
trict; but these people must take what wc do for
them without redress; they cannot turn us out.
I know I could not get three votes in my State if
I were to attempt such a thing there, when they
could get at me, and I believe it would be so every-
where where they have had the benefit of these in-
stitutions.
Mr. SLIDELL. It would be as well to perfect
the bill. There are two or three amendments that
were offered last week which have not been acted
on formally.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Chesnct
in the chair.) The Secretary willreporttheamend-
ment.
The Secretary read the amendment, which is, in
line fourteen of the first section, after the word
" unchartered," to insert the words " within the
District of Columbia."
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the next amendment in section two, line
six, after the word " circulation" to strike out the
word "exchange," in line seven to strike out
"transfer," in line eight to strike out "ex-
changed," and " or transferred."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I desire to offer an amendment
in line fifteen of section two, to strike out the
words " of a less denomination than twenty dol-
lars." The object of this amendment is to prohibit
the circulation of bank notes brought from banks
outside of the District of all denominations. The
first section prohibits the circulation of bank notes
issued within the District. The second section
would permit, as it now stands, the circulation of
bank notes of a denomination over twenty dollars
if issued outside of the District. I suppose it is
unnecessary to argue the question as between hard
money and paper money. 1 am a bard money
man, and therefore I move the amendment in ac-
cordance with my views. If I were not, then I
should say that I would prefer to have paper
money issued within the District, underlaws regu-
lating the issue within the District, and where we
might have the power to examine into the sol-
vency of the companies which did issue it, giving
security to those who held the paper. The present
amendment, however, is to exclude bank paper
altogether from circulation. ' '
Mr. SLIDELL. Before the question.is taken
on the amendment, I wish to make a very brief
suggestion. The committee may be considered,
with a single exception I believe, as hard money
men; and if they were consulting merely theoret-
ical principles, they would have been disposed to
go to the extent suggested by the Senator from
Mississippi; but it^was thought originally that
notes of fifty dollars would scarcely be considered
circulation; that they were mere checks,or bills of
exchange, counters, in fact, to facilitate the set-
tlement of large transactions, and that it would
be indiscreet, in the first instance, to deprive the
banks of the District of Columbia of that means
of accommodation. They tiiought there was no
danger to be apprehended? from the circulation of
notes of the denomination of fifty dollars and up-
wards. That was the form in which the bill was
first presented to the Senate two years since. On
further consideration, it was, however, thought
that fifty dollars was too large a denomination to
fix as the minimum at first; and in order to give
this experiment a fair chance of successful oper-
ation, it was thought proper to limit the circula-
tion to notes of twenty dollars and upwards. I
am now inclined to doubt as to that, and to think
that perhaps it was an indiscreet concession to
what may be called a false public opinion; and
therefore, if the Senator from Mississippi, or any
other Senator, is prepared to offer an amendment
to limit the circulation to notes of fifty dollars, I
should not hesitate to accept it. In the mean time,
I shall be obliged to oppose the adoption of this
amendment, not because I do not think it sound
in principle, but because I thinlc it would be in-
convenient and inoperative in practice, and wo
should probably be obliged hereafter to return to
the old system.
While on this subject, as I do not wish to de-
tain the Senate, and hope to get the vote soon, I
will make a very short statement of what I con-
sider to be the real object and purpose of the bill.
The Senator from Ehode Island seems to consider
that this bill was intended to act harshly and hos-
tilely on public credit, and to injure the associa-
tions of individuals who are now circulating paper
money in this District. Such was not my pur-
pose, I know, and such, I Shi perfectly satisfied,
was not the purpose of any member of the com-
mittee. We saw a system necessarily giving room
for groat abuse. Its tendency was natural and
direct. We saw no dispositioft on the part of the
people of the District of Columbia^to suggest any
mode of banking, or to ask for any acts of incor-
poration which would subject them to proper re-
striction. We had no intention to.make war upon
them, or to affect the credit of these banks; nor
had we any disposition to cripple or restrict the
resourcesof the people ofthe District of Columbia.
So far as the credit of these banks is concerned,
I shall be obliged to say what I did not wish to
say, and what I say very reluctantly. I have
great doubts of the solvency of some of these in-
stitutions. I think the pertinacity with which
they claim the exercise of this privilege, in vio-
lation pf law, or rather in violation of every true
principle of currency, is an evidence that they
have something more to gain by it than appears
on the face of their statements. If their circula-
tion were really as limited as they pretend it to
be, as would appear from tlieirstatements, I think
it is a privilege which is not worth contending
for, and you would not find them here.' I do nol
say there is any person in the Senate who has
any peculiar sympathy with these individuals, but
they would find no sympathy at all.
Now, as to the extent of the operation of this
bill on the resources of the people of the District
of Columbia, the Senator has correctly stated that
their banking capital is $1,000,000, and that they
have about two million m assets, of which $300,000
is in specie, giving them, if that be true, invest-
ments of nearly double the amount of their capital.
There is no attempt on the part of the framers of
this bill, nor will such be the effect of it, to curtail,
cripple, or control, in any degree, the ordinary
business of banking within t4ie District of Colum-
bia. It is a mere inhibition to any individual, or
any set of individuals, or any association, by any
name, to coin money. That is the whole amount
of it. There is no reason in the world why all
these banking institutions should not go on and
conduct their business with the same advantage to
the community that they do no w. The only possi-
ble difference is, that they will be enabled to loan
in the aggregate §155,000 less, because they have
not the privilege of coining money.
It has been said that the committee made an
assertion not sustained by the facts in relation to
the existence of a law that prohibited the issuing
of notes by unauthorized individuals. I will refer
the Senator to the twenty-ninth section of the act
of 1817:
" That from and after the 4th day of April next, it 6bali
