283H
THE" CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11.
infill pfpbabiiity will be the, third, and then we
shall, have to furnish the rooms. When you
commence this appropriation, there is no telling
what will be the end of it. • The Senator from
North Carolina has submitted the plan, and this
amendment is tp_ be passed with reference to that
plan- There was scarcely one of us who knew,
at the time-the proposition was first moved, that
it .embraced, a plan for tearing away and recon-
structing. That was not explained to the body
at the time .the proposition was made. I heard
nothing of it until the Senator from North Caro-
Hria produced the plan and spoke of it.
Now, it is advocated on the ground that the
present-Supreme Court room is not a good room,
and furthermore that it is a shame that the court
should be placed in the cellar. It has never been
ashame to the Supreme Court, th.is far in the his-
tory of the Government, that they have sat in that
room; and I discover one thing very distinctly,
that.the force and effect of their opinions is not
so much reverenced now that there should be any
objection on account of the place where they sit.
Their opinions are not accepted altogether as a
proper exposition of the Constitution of the Uni-
ted- States. I do not know that better, or sounder,
or purer decisions will be given by taking them
up to the old Senate Chamber, and reconstructing
the whole of that part of,the Capitolatan expense
which none of us can foresee. I believe that the
old" Chamber as it is is amply sufficient for them;
and if it was good enough for the Senate, it ought
to be for them. I believe the old room which was
occupied by the Vice President of the United
States for so many years will very well answer
theSupremeCourtforthe purpose of consultation,
or they can very well go to their own rooms for
consultation, as they have hitherto done, rather
than-involve an immense expense here in provid-
ing rooms for them. j
I thought, in the first instance, that I would
vote for some amount to furnish the rooms; but j
I now find that this plan involves the reconstruc-
tion of the whole building. We are to tear out
the interior, and then put in a new interior, at an
expense of which the first estimate only is now
furnished to us; and I never saw a first estimate
that was not afterwards doubled upon. I do not
see the propriety of our going into it. I think the
cost is entirely too great. I would not vote to start
with $25,000; for if we start with §25,000, it will
be no use to say that #25,000 is all. Forty-five
thousand dollars, we see, is the amount now esti-
mated.
I am opposed to reconstructing the old wing of
the Capitol for the accommodation of the Supreme
Court, when this body will not consent to the re-
construction of the Senate Chamber, though we
now occupy ^room which, according to my jud°--
ment and the judgment of a great many here, ?s
not so good for hearing and for purposes of dis-
cussion as the old Chamber was. You will not
change the construction of this Chamber, so that
it can have light and air, and be more rireum-
scribed in its awa; but at the same time you will
l°te ,P™bab'y $150,000 in the end for changing
the old Chamber for the Supreme Court. I would
prefer to vote to go back to the old Senate Cham-
ber, rather than stay here, as a mere matter of
taste anu convenience. I shall vote against the
amendment. 1 am willing, however, to furnish
the rooms, and let the Supreme Court take them
as they are, if they want them. If they are not
good enough for them, let them stay where thev
are. 1
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I suggest to the Senator
j>'°m Jllc'lana that; he make his amendment read:
tor furnishing and fitting up the rooms;"'and
not leave an amendment which authorizes the j
« man who is to have charge of it to tear the rooms 1
to pieces, break into the walls, pull down the !
walls, and rebuild them; but just fit up the old j
senate Chamber for a court-room, and the old I
court-room for a library. The other rooms are :
good enough. j
Mr. BRIGHT. I modified my amendment in 1
such a way as I supposed would bo acceptable to
a majority of the Senate; and I ask that it be read
again.
The Secretary read the amendment, as follows-
rofmrr„117M,ini! ,to 0,d SpMte c" ralKr into a court
JSPS' court-room into a Jaw library, arid for fitting
up the rooms in connection with them for the use of tlif
Supreme Court and its officers, .$25,000: Provided The
Work can be for thtt to be
the direction of the Commissioner of Public Buildings and f
Grounds. . j
Mr.BRIGHT. That limits the amount. I hope i
it will be sufficient; if not, of course, the work |
will not be undertaken. I should like to have a |
vote directly on the amendment as it is. ;
j The question bein^ taken by yeas and nays, I
j resulted—yeas 22, nays 17; as follows: j
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Dajaul, Bijjler, Bright, Claik, '
Coilamer, Davis,, Doohttie, Fool, Foster,~Gwin, Hammond, !
Hemphill, Iverson, Lane, Latham, Pugh,Toombs, WigfuH. !
Wilkinson, and Wilson—23. ° ;
NAYS—Messrs. Bra^g, Chandler, Hale, Hamhn, IlarJan. j
Johnson of Arkansas, Johnsori'of Tennessee, Kennedy, i
MaUory, Mason, Polk, Sebastian, Simmons, SUdell, Thorn- i
son, Trumbull, and Wade—17. <
So the amendment was agreed to. j
Mr. DAVIS. I offer this amendment: '
To enable the superintendent of the Capitol extension
to purchase from Rice &. fleebnei tlmty-tour monolithic
column-, at the puces specified in their supplemental con-
tract of March 30,1854, titc marble for said columns to he
appioved by said superintendent, the sum of $47,000: Pro-
vided, That no part of the turn appropriated lo. the pioM.'-
cution of the work shall be applied to the purchase oi mar-
ble column-
amendment to carry out the fourth article of the
treaty of August, 1842:
Sec. —. And he it further enacted, That, to provide for
the faithful execution of the fourth article of the treaty with
Great Britain of the 9th of Augu-t, 1842, and to secure the
release- mentioned m said treaty, the riecreiarv of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, directed to pay, out of an>
nionej in the Tn.asury not otherwise appropriated, to Cath-
arine E. Ward, of lioxbury, Massachusetts, and Laura A.
6?tebbm>, of Bangor, Maine, each, the sum ot $6,666 50;
i\ tc> James A. Drew, of Chelsea, Massachusetts, and
lcu|u>- Mansur. ot Iloulton, Maine, each, the* sum o{ $11,40!;
and toLdmund Monroe, of Button, Massachusetts, the sum
ot 25; and to Benjamin Sewal!,of said Boston, the
sum ot $->,293 7C>: Provided, That the Ward, Stefo-
bm-, Drew, and Man.-ur, holding titles to tiw Eaton grant
and the said Drew and Mau-ur, holding titles to the east
hall of Plymouth township, and the said Monroe and Bew-
ail, holding titles to the west half of Plymouth township,
shall respectively evecute, or cause to be oxecuted, deeds
ot release a^ required by the fourth article of ^aid treaty, to
the parties holding 44 possessory"or" equitable po.«*ev>ory
claims," to lands m said Eaton c;rant ami Pi', mouth town-
ship, a- deseiibed in the report-, made to the Governor and
council o; Maine, by Ebenezer Hutchinson and others,
commissioners under a resolution passed bv the Legisla-
ture of -aid State on the 12th of April, 1804.'ami thy plan
oi surveys accompanying said reports, of record m the land
oJnee ot said State; and that it shall appear to the satihiac-
ficm <"if* Jli o I-jii/! •miliar a(' r z st «• ...«  i. •> _  
provided, also, 1 hat, it the said patties shall foil to make,
oi cause to be made, Mich deeds oi release to the whole of
said lands, a deduction shall be made limn the compensa-
tion heiein provide d, from the allowance to the parties so
failing to release, at the rate of two dollars per acre, lor the
land not so released : And pi ovided aho, That the pa\ incuts
herein provided shall be in full satisfaction for the timber
taken from said Eaton giant and Plymouth township, and
lo.>t to the proprietors in consequence of the diplomatic
arrangement entered mto in 1832, between the United
states and Great Britain, suspending the jurisdiction of
*uame in said territory.
rpi j , r i i • „ '' a.fiec ot said State; and that it shall appear to the satihfac-
The amendment, I believe, explains itself as :j tion of the land agent of said .State that Mich d>*eds of re-
fully as I could do it. The Senate are so familiar j do confirm and quiet, to the per.-otis entitled thereto,
with the subject, and the hour is so late, that I ' the l0, &UCJ} Ian(IfS< as quired by said treatv: And
*' ' . , , " 3/1 fin relcn ......I    _ > . i i r i . .
shall not say anything upon it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BIGLER. The Committee on Patents and
the Patent Office have instructed me to offer the
following amendment as an additional section:
And belt further enacted, That the Commissioner of Pat
ents is heieby authorized to pav tho-e empkned in the
Patent Office from April 1, 1855, until April 1, 1850, as ex-
aminers and assistant examiner^ of patents, at the iatec fixed
by law for these lespeettve grades: Provided. That the
same be paid out of the Patent Office fund, and that the
compensation thu* paid shall not exceed that received by
those duly enrolled as examiners and assistant examiners
of patents for the same period.
If any explanation is required, I can give it.
["Oh, no."J
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BIGLER. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Commerce to offer the following amend-
ment, as a new section:
Jind be it fin ther enacted, That the Secretary of the Treas-
ury be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed to settle
and adjust the accounts of the contractor for the election 1
of the United States custom-house and post office at San :
Francisco, California, and to pay to said contractor, out of '
any money in the Treasuiy not otherwise appiopriated, the
amount that may be found to be justly due to him under
the contiacts made between said contractor and the proper
otneers ot the Government for erecting said building, and
al o Such sum as maj? be found due fot furnishing the same.
Mr. BIGLER. I will only remark that the
Committee on Commerce had this subject under
consideration.
Mi. MALLORY. 1 ask if thatis not a private
claim ?
Mr. TOOMBS. Oh, no. It comes from the
Committee on Commerce; it is all right. There
is a difficulty in the settlement of the accounts,
and the money is ordered to be appropriated when
a controversy between the fiscal officer and the
contractor shall be settled. This is merely to
make an appropriation to meet it.
Mr. MASON. I hope we may.be told what
the amount to be paid will be. As 1 understand
the amendment, it is to pay whatever may be
found due.
Mr. BIGLER. As the account stands now in
the Department, there seems to be $6,000 due;
but there is a dispute between the Department and
the disbursing officer and the contractor, the
"J1.™10' alleging that he has not received, by
jot),000, the amount which the disbursing officer
claims to have paid. -The Government has brought
suit against the disbursing officer; and on the de-
cision of that question will depend the amount
yet to be paid. There is a difference between the
contractor and the disbursing officer. If the dis-
bursing officer turns out, by the result in court, to
be right, there is some £6,000; but. whatever it
may be, it is right, and will have to be paid,
Mr. TOOMBS. 1 can say to the Senator from
Virginia, that there is no controversy whatever
between the Government and the contractor; it
Mr. HAMMOND. I think that amendment
will require a great deal of examination, ft is
probably a private claim throughout, and, as it is
now nearly seven o'clock, I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the question,
and there were—ayes 1*4, noes 18; no quorum
voting.
Mr. DAVIS. We can adjourn without a quo-
rum, if there is a majority in favor of adjourniii0-.
Mr. HALE. But the majority is the other
way.
Mr. BROWN. Count me.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. In what way?
Mr. BROWN. In any way you please.
Mr. BIGLER. I vote in the negative; but I
did not vote before.
Mr. HALE. Let the question be put over
again.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair,
with the consent of the Senate, will put the ques-
tion over again.
The question being put; there were—ayes 20,
noes 20; and the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. TOOMBS. I should like to know where
this amendment comes from?
Mr. SIMMONS. From the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. TOOMBS. I object to it, but I think that
is a very appropriate place for it to com*j from.
It is a private claim, and therefore oti^ht not to
go on this bill, and it comes exactly from the
right quarter for a private claim.
Mr. SIMMONS. It is not exactly a private
claim; it is to carry out a treaty.
Mr. BRAGG. Does the Senator from Geor-
gia raise the point of order?
Mr. TOOMRS. Yes, sir.
Mr. BRAGG. I Wi s going; to do if myself. I
am one of the Committee on Claims, but I object
to this.
_ Mr. HAMLIN. The Senate wiI!iind,on load-
ing the rule, that it provides that certain things
shall not be moved as amendments to appropria-
tion bills, and it provides that prjvafe claims shall
not be so moved. It provides, however, that
amendments which are in puisucinee of existing
laws, or to carry out the stipulations of a tieaty3,
j may be. This amendment is to carry out the
| express provisions of the tivatv of Washington.
I •sr"sT
sum of $40,000. 1 l! i *i the amendment was worded under my
The amendment was agreed to. ij jectmn°tt,-nU i™l'Pose <'f "voiding the very <>b-
M*. SIMMONS, t am instructed to an ! I iate c W &"dt°rS "°w ra,se> Uuu 1,118 ls a Prl"
WM. 1:
